The Treasurer fnade a brief financial statement last nig-ht, when asking the House to go into Committee of Supply. Notwithstanding tlie additional sum voted by Parliament, there would he a balance in the Treasury nt the com mencement of the present financial year amounting to L27,000. During the four months ending on 80 th April" the revenue received hail been considerably in excess of the esti mate, with the exception of the sums derivable from territorial revenue which owing to. the rejection of tho Land Bill by tho Upper House, had shown a deficiency ot about L10,000 por month, and up to the present time only L1SO,000 had been derivable from this source. There would, Mr Verdon believed, be an apparent deficiency ofj at the ond of the present year, about L128,000, ' hut this . he thought would be made up 'by the savings in other votes. In other words, tho Government propose to make np for tlie failure of their land policy by ruthlessly sacrificing more of the public estate at auction. In the commence ment of the year, the Treasurer stated that ho expected to derive sixty-five thousand pounds from leases under the amending hill, and one hundred and twenty thousand pounds from rent and purchase of land under the old act. A considerable sum was also anticipated from the increased rent exacted by the amending bill. Now, as all these sources of revenue havo been swopt away, and as tho estimates have been increased by about L120,000; the only mode of escaping a financial crisis is to sell more land by auction. But where is this land to ho found ? ' Town lots anil villa residences will hot suffice ; tho agricultural areas are locked up, so that the only resource will he to put upon the mnrket large tracts of lnnd in the squatting districts, which will, as a matter of course, fall at the upset price into the hands of tho pastoral tenants. Whither is the country drifting ? Additionai. Estimates amounting in tho aggregate to ono hundred and twelve thousand six hundred and eighty-six pounds were laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly last "night. With the single exception of a irrunt of one thousand pounds to the Ballaarat Botanical Gardens, the esti mates for the Chief Secretary's Depart ment call for no comment, nor are the requirements of the Attorney-General and Minister of Justice nt all excessive. The Treasurer asks for an additional amount of L3600 towards the. volun teers, for LlOyloO in excess of the sum already voted .for charitable institu tions. Amongst the miscellaneous expenditure in this department are L2000 as a gratuity to Tiiojias Dry- burgh, Esq., Collector of Customs, Melbourne, in addition to his "super annuation tinder the Civil Service Act ; L3500 as compensation to officers in tlie Departmentoflloadsand Bridges, whoso services have been, or shall be, dispensed with; L000 ns. retiring allowances to railway officers who may be dis abled; LiOO as a gratuity to tho widow of the late Superintendent Taylor; L1000 for compensation to tho Sheriff for lossos sustained in his official capacity during 1S52-3-4; L700 ns compensation to n squatter named II inks, for losses by destruction of buildings and forced sale of sheep, owing to a number of miners coming upon his run. The. Commissioner of Crown Lands is moderate in his de mands, since they only amount to LiOCu, while the Commissioner of Customs will he contented with LI 138. The Public Works Department requires L27,S30,.of which L9500 is upon the account' of: electric telegraphs, L1000 for the completion of the storm-water channel' at Brighton, L2300 towards the completion of the main drain, St. Ivilda, and L2000 towards the formation of the -main drain fromColiingwood and East Melbourne, through Eicbmond to tho Yawn. The Postmaster-General asks for the bagatelle of L132 ; the Jlinister of Mines for Llo,000, includ ing L5000 towards the survey of the Water supply, areas, LOOOO towards the completing the storm-water channel at Ballaarat, L3000 for the construction of the storm-water channel at Sand hurst, and L2000 in aid of the Beech- worth waterworks. In ani additional estimate the Com missioner of Roads asks for L25, 000, to be granted to local bodies towards tlieTCpiiir of the damage done to local works by the recent floods. Such ;aro the additional estimates by jWhicli ithc Government coolly pro pose-to. expend neatly one buri- .dred: and thirteen thousand pounds, principally for . the purpose of subsidising the" districts, which they and . their supporters represent. In order to make up "the enormous amount Mr M'Cullocti nnd liis colleagues have admitted claims which their pre decessors had uniformly rejected ; they have gone' out of .their way to ferret out grievances in order that they might remove them, and fliey have treated with studied contempt every popular want, unless it was from a locality re presented by their friends. Weeks is placated by" a grant to the Beech worth Water Works, Woods by compensa ting a squatter because a number of miners entered upon his run, IIicjin- eothaji by a storm- water channel at Brighton, and so on all through the estimates. Such flagrant and profli gate jobbery is unparalleled oven in Victoria. But at the fag-end of tho session, and with an expiring Parlia ment, an unprincipled Government like the present can do what it pleases. Parliament cannot now lio prorogued until next week. Mr M'Culloch stated yesterday tlmt he hoped to he able to close the session on Wednesday, hut ii probable that this dosirab'e event will not take place until the end of the week. Tlie House was occupied in committee, last night, considering the a> ilitionai supplementary estiinatis. Some discussion was raised on nil item of L1000 set down ns a grant for tlie Botanieul Gardens nt Builanrnt ; hut after n good deal ofoppositioi it was ossenled to. One of the visitors to (he Avsembly yesterday evening received n lesson as to tlie proprieties to lie observed in the presence of nuaust legislators. Tlie sergeant-nt-arms, who, except when re quired to handle the mace, seems to he indifferent to what is passing around him, had this time bis eyes about him, nnd thinking that the gentleman was not conducting himself with that propriety which befitted tho occasion, gave him a polite intimation to rectify his behaviour. Tiiis gentle hint being treated witii contempt, sterner mea sures were resorted to, and the " stranger" seized by two of the messengers and removed from the precincts of the House. A number of Danes, at Sandhurst, have agreed to sub-cribe one shilling weekly as long as the Seldeswig-IIolstein war lasts, in aid of tho vvidf.ws anil orphans of those soldiers who have faileu in battle. Tho Bcndign Evening News gives as an on dit that Mr Thomas Cnrpeuter, the former mem ber, is to lie brought forward to contest tho re presentation of Maudurung at the forthcoming geueral election for Parliament. We wore informed yesterday at tlie Volunteer Office, in reference to a report circulated by a contemporary about the review on Tuesday last, that several persons were injured— is almost en tirely without foundation. Tlmt one or two poisons at a distance of three hundred yards may have been touched with a piece of gun wadding is possible, but no such serious accident occurred as the loss of an eye. Tho man l'awcett, who was arrested in Ste phen street on Tuesday last, on a charge of stealing 1C0 sorer, igns from tho cabin of Mr Dcstabie, a saloon passenger on hoard of the steamship Souchays, iluriug the voyage from Auckland to Melbourne, via Sydney, was com mitted for trinl, from the Sandiidge Police Court yesterday. The case excited considerable inte rest. Another of the cases relating to the property of tlie late Charles Rochford, which has been so often the sutijcct of litigation in the law courts, was commenced yesterday before Mr Justice Bnrry and a jury of four. The elntmnnt was James Roehford, alleged to ho the nephew of tho deceased, who seeks to recover a piece cf land sold to tlie Melbourne Railway Company. The evidence a3 to the pedigree of the plaintiff, and the competency of Charles' Rochford to . execute a bill, was similar to that adduced nt former trials, and from frequent rehearsals on previous occasions the counsel and witnesses seemed to be Iictter adapted to their respective nart-s, and tliero was not sucli a waste of time In discussing legal objections as nt tho trial in March last. It is believed tiiat tlie action will he concluded tills evening. At an adjourned meeting of tho Ajax Mining Company, held yesterday, Sir Wm. Clarke, junr., in tho chair, the following resolution was"" move! by Sir C. R. Dnv, seconded by Mr W. II. Steel, and carried uuaniinously : — That the directors be empowered to issue COOJ new slinres of 2hs to present shareholders p:o ritn, 10s p-.r shnrc to ho paid on allotment, the re maining 10s per si; ere to he innde up by transfer from profit and !o=s account, which shows n sum of LOjOO to credit." We observe from the Auckland Gnzetto that tlie GovcrBment of that province offer preinuim3 for the best designs nnd intimates for the erection of a Government House, n Suprc uc Court House and offices, and a Post OIKcc, and Custom House (combined) in Auckland. The Queensland Journal of Commerce of the 10th instant, says — " The estimated ways and means and expenditure of the Government for 1805 is put down nt L573,500, In addition, the loan fur 1804 is LQ54,000, tho whole of which is for electric telegraph extension, nnd new build ings in various parts of the colony." The Star reports at some length tho proceed ings connected with the bapiisiug.of the engines at the No 2 shaft of the United Extended Rand of Hope Company. Some seventy ladies and gcntlenen>nt d;.wn to nn excellent luuchcon, spread on three tables In th; cneinc-room. . The wife of the Clia:rin.an qr the Board of Directors, Mrs DnvU Rebu tsDii, having . previously bnp- tised the engines with wine, and named them rerprclivtly ".The Good Hope, " and "The- tody Bessy," the usud toasts' were drunk with all the honours. ' > Tlie ratepayers of Ballaarat East have decided against amalgamation with Balianrat West, by n majority of 7ii4 against .222. This was the result of the po'ling on Wednesiay, nt tho Eastern Police Court, and the ' question bus thus been for tlie present settled. On Wcdncday morning, nt Little Bendigo, a miner named William Moon, rftor ovcr- uxcrting himself in running np the side of a liiil, f.ii down and expired almost immediately. A post mortem examination, made by Mr George Wakefirld, surgeon, showed that the man iiad been suffering for a lcnirth of time from ncut; disease of the honft, nnd that death had been accelerated by tlie exertion describe !. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. At a meeiiog held in tho Commercial . hotel, Daylesford, on Tuesday, it was re solved that an agricultural association be estab lished in that district, to be called the Hepburn and Glenlyon Agricultural Association ; and n committee formed to prepare rules and arrange the necessary preliminaries. A ride, match is being fired, between ten cf the Kynejoa Infantry Corps, and ten of the Middon Rifies, at 200 yards and fiOO yards ranges, "seven rounds being fired at each of these distances. ' The Kyneton tan fired off on Tuesday last, u'pou the Kyneton race course. A - miner- named Kuring, belonging to tlie Prince of Wales Company, Pincligut, lias been admitted into t'.ie Croswitk District Hospital, suffering from severe injuries about tiie head, tongue nearly h.tteu in two, nnd wriit dislocated, caused through faliiug off the brace at tlie claim. The Gecloug Advertiser has seen, a letter from n" gentleman formerly residing in Geelong, nnd new at Rn kiiampton, in which lie says — "22,000.zs of gold were advised from Clermont as being in the hands of the Government for escort; and it is expected that 3000ozs will come in to R-.jckliarnpton this trip. Immigration is (lowing in nt the rate of 'over 200 a week, and this news is sure to swell It." Some prowling thieves, who have b:-cn in the habit of robbing fruit gardens at Geelong, on Fri day night lssteularged tlie sphere of their opera tions and stole a cow from Mr Brewster; also two heifers belonging to Mr Logan, hoot nnd shoemnkir, nnd n cow and calf from a Mr Ilcnnc-sy. Discus dug tariff matters, tho Castlemaine Daily News gives the f itlowing parable and illus tration : — " Gulliver had a coat ion le fur him by the tailors of Lnputn, on mathematical priij- cipics, but lie ndds.that it, was. tho most inconve nient: coat he ev r wore; it wa3 -n terrible misfit. Free trade is a coat made for our big brother, on scientific principles. .It docs not fit us. When wc have arrived at maturity, it will suit, us admirably, hut at present it only impedes our progicss." An accident, which has eince resulted fatally, has orotund on tho Eeliuca ljae.bf railway, near Gaorr.ong, to a labourer namtd David Foley, lie was ill the act of do cending from one of the ballast trucks, v. bile the Irfiin was in motion, when lie got hetwien tho buffer ' of tho engine nnd the tru-.k, mid his leg was struck nnd suffered a compound fracture, lie was taken to the hospital, hut at first would uot consent to amputation. UJlinntely lic siguified his assenq but it was too late, and lie died in a short time subsequently. The -fire- at-Powcll'o . brewery; Geelong, rn Wednesday morning, will, outsii considerable loss: on the tenant. -Neither the building nor the chicory was insured, and". (lie amount of loss sustained by Mr Linohnm is set down nt over L100. There wero over three tons of chicory in course of preparation. The Star furnishes, the fo'lowing instance of the need of the Dog Act comiug speedily into operation : " 0.1 Wednesday, Mr William Myott, of Toitrello (Crcswlck), was proceeding with his wife and two children in n spring cart, when tome dogs rushed out ail ! frightened the horec," milking it plunge and kick vio'en'ly, and Die persons in the cart tvcrc thrown out. Mr Myott fell down a bank about twelve feet in height, but fortunately escaped with some trifling injuries. Mrs Myott had several ril» ou the right side broken, and tho whole of her body severely bruisfd. Being previously an invalid, she now lies at tlie Crcswick Hospital io a very precarious condition," Several' pigeon slioot'ng matches took place on Wednesday nt tho Cumberland hotel, Smeaton: A nu.rber of gentlemen from Bal laarat, Daylesford, and other placrs were pre sent. Tho shooting although ia a stubble field, was on tlie average remarkably good, 23 bhds out of 29 having been killed in "the second match, and the Ballaarat men took and divided all the prizes. The ploughing match of tho Smeaton, Spring Ilill. ami Bulliirook Agricultural Association is appointed to he hold on tiie 3!)th June, on a piece pflaud on the reserve at Bivch's Creek, to the' north of tho Raid I-Illl. Messrs Nose and Cowan had eacli offered the use of a piece of land, but neither met with tho full approval of the committee. The Glendaruel Agricultural Society has not fixed the date of its ploughing match, but has invited applications from persons having new or etubhlc land suitable for the purpose, such ap plications to be lodged with the secretary on or before 3!ith May. Tiie Bendigo Advertiser recounts the follow ing singular circumstance A gentleman, resident at tho White Hills, whose buggy had been standing at his door for a few minutes, about nine o'clock on tho morniug of the Queen's birthday, observed smoke rising from one of its lamps. Making inquiries of his servant as to the reason the Inmp had been lit, the servant replied that it had uot been since the previous evening. Further investigation into the matter ' elicited tho curious fact that tlie sun had set fire ta the wi:k, through tho agency of tho lamp's bull's-eye, which noted as a burning gla53." This, tlie Advertiser thinks, may give a clue to the origin of many of the bush-fires in Australia, as pieces of glass, especially the ends of broken bottles or tumblers lying about everywhere, would, under a hot sun, act as powerful burning glasses, and thus set fire to the grass. . The committee of the Mechanics' Institute, Sandhurst, have accepted the tender for the erection of the new building, sent in from Messrs Hassell and Daly, for the sum of L1215 5s. At the City Police Court, yesterday, Maria HolwcII and Catherine Rourke were chargod witii stealing good9, valued nt L30, from the shop of Alston and Brown, drapers, in Collins street. The evidence against tlicm was vcrj strong, and tiicy were committed for trial. Andrew Ivcoch, a Inzy lroking fellow, _ who seemed to think speaking, even in his own (ltfeuco, veiy tedious, was charged by Mr Hnr- court, supciintcndcnt of the Immigrants' Hume, with vagrancy, under circumstances which, ill all probability, are far from unusual. It ap pears that the man, with his wife and infant child, procured admission lo tiie home under the declaration that they were perfectly destitute. Tlie man conduct-id Iiimieif very brutnliy to wards his wife, nod even consumed the medical comforts ordered by the doctor for the infant. But beyond this it gradually leaked out that he hsd snme money deposited in n har.k in town. When charged with it ho denied having any raoucy, hut, subsequently, he admitted to a detective, employed by Mr Ilnrcourt, that ho had, and it was ascertained that the amount was L1G. Tlie prisoner, in his defence, said that his wife had lost the dcpo.lt receipt, nail that he went there until lie could get work. Sir Sturt, as a warning to bucIi loafers who would abuse a charity, sent him to gaol lor two months. Einily Doiliraorc, landlady of the Prince Patrick hotel, and Samuel Nathan, a y- ung man who had been living in tho house, were charged with stealing L33 from a carrier named John Iririue, who was in the house on tho night of the 27 h of Ap i! liist. Tho pvidence taken did not make out more than a ca'c of suspicion ; hut on iho application of Detective Williams, who has, charge of tlie ease, tlie prisoners were rem inded till Monday next for tho production of further evidence. The female was allowed bail in her own recognisance in L-50. The Rev. Alexander Frasor, late of Glasgow, preached in Melbourne last Sunday, ani, we perceive by our advertising columns, will again preach here on Sundny next. 1 1 wns erroneously stated, on the authority of one of the local papers, that the rev. gentleman wn3 to preach atrastlcmnino on the occasion referred to. The farmers of the Stockyard Hill district, Ballaarat, have resolved upon ho'diug their nnnunl ploughing match on the ICtli of June. At a meeting held on Saturday, great interest wns taken in tho proceedings, and a sum over L20 wai taken in a few minutes, there being LD or more over from lost yonr. Although more than LG00 worth of fnncy articles have found purchasers at the Emerald Ilill Bazaar, so many — almost one-half— still remain oni hand that an nuietion, without reserve, has ligen advertised to he held in the Mechanics' Institute this evening and to-morrow,, nt half- past seven. Wlnt with the concert, tho real valuo of tlie materials, and the end sought t-i he attained, ws may expect the hall to bo well filled with liberal purchasers. We perceive, from n notice in another column of our paper, that the adjourned meeting of tlie Shnkspere Statuo Committee takes placo nt Mr Summers' studio to-day. , Tlie number of loiters forwarded yesterday by Mr Stephens, bookseller, of Collins street, in his supplementary letter bag, amounted to over 000, being in excess of tiie number sent by any pre vious mnil. This evidences the appreciation in which this "late letter hag" is held bj the mer cantile community of Melbourne. A correspondent informs the M. A, Mail that, a IGoz nugget lias been found on tlie street c'nim hotween tlie Freemasons Arms and I lie ' R-iyal Mail hotel, in High street, T.iiadale. The same party also found throe largo nuggets n few days ago, thus showing that, tiie streets of Tara-. dale are literally paved with gold. With reference to tlie Big Ilill Reservoir,; at Sandhurst, the Advertiser says: — "It lias been represented to us that the likelihood of such air awful accident ns the bursting of the.hmk of this reservoir has been very much lessened by the fnfit that sinre the injury which t.bc bank sustained nt tho csenpo pipe, no water has been allowed to flow through it, and thus softening of tlie bank by the craape of. wiitcr from tiie pipe within tho bank is avoided. Tlie town supply of water since tha accident lias been'conducted through a syphon, which it is stated answers -perfectly well. '"On Friday and Saturdiy last," says tlie Ovens Constitution, " ra'glit ho seen nt Corowii a spectacle only tno cemman '"n the early days of "the Bendigo goidficld, nnd one which wc thought had ceased to he one of the degradations of the colony — v'z., a prisoner chuintd to n fence by the wrist. Thero bring p.o lock-up at. Corowa, an open shed orstabic attached to the poliee "icr- raeks was ma'c tho piece. of detention, aid there' the wretched man remalue 1 ail uiaiit." According to tho Riverine Herald, tho railway contractors havo great difficulty in procuring carriage for tho timber for tlie Etdiuea lino from the Goulburii. They have received a proposition from Messrs Reynolds and English to cart the stuff, provided they would run.up goods fur tliein ia the trucks to the cud of. the line, fur back loading to Echucn. It Is said that Messrs Reynolds and Engl! h will be thus enabled to place gords down at Eeliuca at a much lower rate during the winter than can otherwise possibly be ' dono. A lecture will, he -delivered this ' evening by Mr JuncB Smith at St. Peter's schoolroom; "Tlie subject choson by that gentleman Is " Shnkspere a3 n Politician and a Patriot." Tlie Ararat Advertiser gives the following illustration of the danger nttending. the incau tious use of korosono : — "On Sunday- evening la-t the kerosoue lamp used in the Wesloynn Cliapel, Catlicart, was observed to burn very dimly, though the wick was being constantly screwed up. " Suddenly the light almost7 went out, hut immediately revived in two distinct flames, which ascended beyond the tops of tlie glass chimney, endengering tho- safety of tlie cliapel and causing great terror among the con- gregat'on, who made their exit as quickly as pas sible. Ilapp ly the son of Mr Stephen Coupcr had the presence of iniud to take the lamp down and caiTy it outside, but at the expense of burn ing his right hand oevcrelv." It is stated that the Borough Council of Am herst lias taken out no less than 51 summonses for the ensuing County Court against defaulting ratepayers for the year 18G2. The Star of yesterday states that ploughing and sowing will bo finished about -Spring Ilill, Smeaton; Ascot, Coghiil's Creek, Toureiio. and Glendaruel in about a week. Tlie young crops of both outs and wheat are, on the whole, looking very promising. Rohheties of potatoes nnd other stores have been general of late at Castlemaine, and on Wednesday two Chinese were ' urrcs'.cd on sus picion of being concerned in these depredations. Tiie constable stationed nt Campbell's Creek, after n long search amongst tlie holes near the prisoners' tents, discovered a place most cun ningly covered over with branches, thistles, etc., on removing which it was discovered, that a large quantity of tiie missing vegetables were underneath. The missing goods have been ideniiScd. The annunl ploughing match of t'le Br.llnarat Agricultural Society, will ho held ou Wednes day, 8th Juno, on new Innil on the farm of Mr Thomas Wilson, near tiie Ballaarat Shire Pound. Ploughing is to he . iinisiuil at half- past two o'clock, eize of furrow 44 inches wide by 8 inches deep. Each competitor Is to plough one-third of nn ncrc. The match is to he open to oil competitors, noa-incuibers paying the entrance fee. Besides the society's prizes, Messrs. M'Dowall anil Gray, of Ballanint, will give a set of measuring poles for tho best crown, A draining match will uiso ho held oil the same day, when prizes will hi offered. Each compe titor must make two rods of dtniu, tkreofeet in dentil nnd start at nlno p.m. Tiles for tlie match will besnppliad gratuitously by Messrs. M'Dowall and Gray." ; ; I The ; Publicans Acts . .Consolidation nnd Amendment Bill . has passed thixugh com mittee In the Counrll. Several amendments havo been inserted, but the only material altera tion that, it haa undergone is tlmt which pro hibits grocers from selling spirits, the liquors under their license being limited to beer, wine, and cider. I n consequence of the late period of the Par liamentary session, Mr Fellows has withdrawn tho notice of motion given by him, in the Legis lative Council, in reference to nu nppllcatlon to tho Home Government fur an additional number of Imperial troops for service in this colony. John Barber, a shoemaker, in .the employ of Mr Davis, of Forest Creek, Castlemaine, for tlie last five years, suddenly left his homo on Moon light Pint, on Monday morning, 23rd May, Inking wilh hiin about L12 and his watch, and leaving his wife and 'children quito destitute. Diligent search lias been made lo ascertain his whereabout1, but no trace, whatever can be found. Messrs Collier nnd Barry, tlie contractors for the Echucn Railway, have made known to the Bendigo Advertiser that on Wednesday, some malicious persons p'need fish- piatcs across tlie line, witii the object of throwing off tiie engine. That it did not prove successful was entirely owing to the engine being used in drawing in stead of pushing tlie truck1, as is frequently tlie case, and therefore bending tin obstruction. This outrage lias been perpetrated before, nnd the cnntrac tors now, as then, offer n reward, -of L50 for such information as will lead to Hie con viction of the offenders. A irs'dent near the Chinese encampment, Ironbavk, Sandhurst, wiites to the local papers to say- that latteily it has, become n frequent practice with some men working on Bendigo Flat to commit assaults ou the Chinese, if. they can find the slightest pretext. In ono case it nppears a ruffian took up a stone nnd struck a poor unoffending Chinaman on the forehead ; and in another, n crowd of men t;ok hold of a Chinaman, and " fur n lark" threw him into the sludge drain. A declaim hy Mr Warden Moliison, nt Sand hurst, on Wednesday, in the case of the Endea vour Company against M'Dougn! nnd Co, is one to which the attention of onnrtz mineis should be directed, as it shews that- the merctnking posscss'on of ground by virtue of tiie' bailor's right is.not sufficient to establish a legal cin'm to It. The ground according to the 11 III clause of By-law.G, must also be registerzd wi.hiu seven dnys of its' being taken up. The, Sandhurst treasurer of the movement to collect subscription? for tlie relief of the suffering caused in Denmark by the present war. lias fur- wnrded LIC0 to Copenhagen by the mnil steamer that has just; left fur Europe. This docs not exhaust tiie funds in hand, and there is yet n connderable sum which lias not yet reached the trca'uror. . . Tlie l'ghiing i.f Dnylesford by 'gas wns accom plished for the first time on Tuesday night. Of course, there were many difficulties to bo over come in mailing a first experiment, and it was not till nearly ten o'elock that nnything like a success was achieved,. Several of tho places of business were illuminated witii devices in honour ol her Majesty's birthday, and there wal a very large crowd of spectators. . . A prize rifle, -the gift tf Captain Skono, is to he shot fur on Wednesday next, hy members of thc.Sandlinrst Rifle Corps. The entrance is 2s Gd, nnd tlgc money is to be devoted ton second prize; .The shooliog is to beat oil ranges up ts :8G0 yards. 