SUMM ARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. On the 26th ult,. His Excellency the Governor opened in person the third session of the third Parliament of Vic- toria. The speech delivered on the occasion was unusually destitute of dis- putable topics, and the addresses ia reply, therefore, met with no opposition iu either House. If the Treasurer had anticipated a deficiency of revenue to some small extent, the public would not havo been surprised, considering the falling off in tho land revenue. The speech, however, made no reference to pecuniary difficulties, and the state- ment of the Treasurer when bring- ing in the Estimates, altogether re- moved any apprehension that might have been entertained as to the soundness of the financial position of the colony. His Excellency's speech promised a bill to amend the Land Act of 1862, and bills on the fol- lowing subjects :-The better regulation of the affairs of the gold-fields, mining on private property, water supply and irrigation, the sale of fermented and spirituous liquors and the encouragement of tho colonial wine trade, juvenile offenders and destitute children, reforma- tories and industrial schools, insolvency, lunacy, borough and municipal byo- laws, intestate estates, the better management of the post-office, and the regulation of trading and other companies. The Treasurer's financial statement was made on the 2nd instant. He stated that the colony emerged from the year 1863 without debt, and with a small balance to tho credit of 1861. The total revenue for 1863 was .£2,766,385, or £501,181 less than in 1862 ; but the falling-off was attributable entirely to the remission of a considerable portion of the export duty on gold, the disputes with the squatters as to the amounts of their rents, and the shutting up of the agricultural areas from selection pend- ing the passing of a bill to amend the Land Act. The land revenue, in short, was less by ¿£533,215 as compared with, that of 1862. AU the other heads of income, which aro usually taken as indi- cative of a prosperous state of society, exliibited an increase. The proposed expenditure for the year 1861: was less than that of 1863 by ¿£120,000, a re- duction chiefly brought about by a wise economy. He asked the House to sanction the following amongst other votes: - To arm the batteries for the defence of nobson's Bay with more powerful artillery, ¿£15,000 ; cha- ritable institutions, ¿£60,000 ; to com- mence a graving dock at Williamstown, ¿£25,000 ; a new lunatic asylum in Mel- bourne, and one at Ararat, and ono at Beechworth, ¿£70,000 ; towards a resi- dence for the Governor, to be built iu the reserve, and completed in two years, ¿£12,500 ; for the clearing of the Murray, ¿£10,000 ; a bridge over the Murray at Echuca, ¿£10,000 ; for roads in the new mining district around Wood's Point, ¿£15,000 ; and for the encouragement of now manufactories and industries, £5,000. As to tho loan account, be found that ¿£597,000 of principal, and ¿61,706,517 of interest had been paid. The total of the railway loan would be ¿£8,572,404. Of that sum, ¿£7,985,153 had been paid away; ¿£581,074 was estimated as due, and ¿£74,276 was left, to meet claims still unsettled. To meet the expenditure of the year the only change iu tho tariff which he proposed was the substitution of a wharfage rato for tho existing registration-fee. This wharfago rate would, on the average, bo equal to 3s. per ton on the goods landed at the wharfs, whether private or public, hut to the owners of the former ho pro- posed to give a rebate equal to one fourth of the sum collected at the various private wharfs respectively, less five per cent, for collection. This last por- tion of the proposition-concerning the rebate-was rejected without a division. The Treasurer, however, did not take into his account the savings on the votes for the year, which will certainly not be loss than . £180,000, and as there is no absolute necessity for an increase of the restrictions. on commerce for revenue purposes, and as the wharfage rato will be strongly op- posed in the Upper House, it is not im- probable that this portion of tho Trea- surer's budget will be rejected. The Estimates Lave been passed with un- paralleled rapidity. The whole list was gono through in two nights, with tho exception of five items, on which there will be littlo or no discussion, and the various new votes enumerated above have been assented to. When,the financial condition of some of the neigh- bouring colonies is borne in mind, the prosperous condition of our revenue, and our'ability to undertake new. works of importance and necessity, are highly satisfactory. Tho bill to amend the Land Act, introduced by Mr. Heales, has passed its second reading, and is now being discussed in committee. It differs essentially from tho measure pro- posed by Mr. neales last session, experience in oftico having satis- fied the President of the Board of Lands, and Survey that the theories lie originally entertained could not bo carried into law, and would havo been injurious had they been practicable. Mr. Heales proposes to respect the rights acquired by, or confirmed to, tho squat . ters by the bill of 1862, and to reserve i tho agricultural arcas for occupation ' by farmers» Ho proposes, however, that the oxteut of land to bo open at ono time for selection shall not exceed one million acres, no sub- stitutes a leasing system for that of de- ferred payments. He proposes that a settlor shall bo at liberty to solocfc a block of land not exceeding 320 acres (tlius reducing the area from GIO), and to rent it for seven years at Is. 6d. por aoro. The selector, if he resides ou his land, fences it, and makes improvoments of the value of 20s. per acre, including foncing, to tho satisfaction of the Board of Land I and Works, will havo the right, at tile end of three years' occupation, to pin chase tbo freehold at 20a.' per acre; but if he does not reaido on his farm, his right to purchase lapses, and the land returns to the possession of tlicCrown at the expiry of the seven years' lease. Mr. Ileales also propose? that Government should be empowered to offer by public auction graz'uig farms of 2,G40 acres, or four blocks of a mile square. These would be offered in this way : One block would be sold with the right of leasing tho other three blocks for ten years, at a rent ecjuivalent to seven and a half per cent, on tho value of the land, as represented by the price paid far the purchased section. The lessee would have the right to pur- chase this leased land, and no condi- tion would bo imposed but the payment of lent. One-half of the purchase money would bo appropriated to the payment of any public loan that had been or mighf bo contracted, ono-fomth for immigration purposes, and oiie-fourth to the general revenue. These pro- positions would apply to the land within the white on the plan attached to tho Land Act of 18C2, and to tho unselected lands opened for selection in the "Hue" (the agiicultural areas), at the end of twelve months from the-' date of the proclamation opening the lands for selection. The bill has not been vigorously opposed in tho Lower ITouse, but its author has been de- nounced as a traitor by his old associates of the Land League, and tho extromeiy " Liberal" tail of the Ministry aro likely to desert them on the third reading of the measure. Should the bill fail to satisfy the Upper House, Miuistors, it is expected, will appeal to the country. An energetic protest by the Govern- ment against even the continuance of transportation to Western Australia goes home by the present mail. South Aus ti alia has mado an equally determined display of the sentiments of tho peoplo of that colony on this subject j and there can bo no doubt that the other Austra- lian colonies will send home indepen- dent íemonstrances of the same purport. There is not the slightest chango in public feeling on the subject, and not the smallest possibility of anything less than the absoluto cessation of transpor- tation to Australia satisfying the people of Australia. The Attorney-General has undertaken the task of consolidating the statute law of the colony, and the first series of consolidation bills, nineteen in number, aro in their last stages in tho Upper House. The war in New Zealand proceeds. The natives are concentrated in an ex- tensivo and elaborately fortified work at Piko-Piko. General Cameron has placed troops all around the works, which, afc the latest dates, were being shelled. The difficulty of providing supplies of food for a large force was great-tho trans- port service being performed undor enormous disadvantages. The General's intention is to starve the enemy into submission» If defeated at Pilco Piko, it is improbable that the Maories would longer protract the war. On[the day that last month's mall steamer left Port Phillp Bay, Pailiament was formally re-opened by Sir Charles Darling, who per- formed that duty for the first timo as Her Majesty's representative in the colony. Since then the work of legislation hns hcoa going on pretty briskly ; and it may fairly he said . that more business has been done during the month than in a Blmllar space of time in any previous session since tho introduction of re8ponBible government. Tho hudgot for tho year engaged tho attention of the mom lors of the Assembly at an early dater, the Minister of Finonco having rando his statement on tho evening of tho 2nd of December. That statemont, which is alluded to more fully elsowhere, waa a vory satis factory one, and aftur going through the various items of incomo and expenditure, tho Miuietor of Finance was able to show that, notwithstanding all drawbacks, chlof amongst them being the diminished land revonue con- ' sequent on tho falluro, if it may ho so called,, of tho Land Bill of 180a, there would bo a . balance to the credit of 18G4. The faotBpoaks. well for the resources of the colony; and that, financially, wo aro in a favourahlo po sltiou is mado further evident when it is remembered that on tho 13 ¿tirantes this year thero is no loss a sum thau £117,800 set down for various useful puhlio wölke Tho Land Bill was tho first of tho more im- portant measures promitcd by tho Ministry, submitted iii. (ho Assembly, and ovor its. leading provisions thero has naturally heon consideradlo discussion. Tho pro- visions of tho hill aro elsewhero described. Tho Eocond reading of the bill took place on tho evening of Tuesday, tho 10th ; and tho only tpeakers on tho occasion were tho Minister of Lands, tho member for Villiers, and Hoytesbury (air. Buffy), and the At- torney-General (Mr. liiginbotham). Since, then tomo progresa hos been made lu com- mittee, nine clauses of the bill haviug been disposed of. Thoro was a prolonged debater ovor the 9th, or leasing clause, the opposition, to that section coming chiefly from .members, who had been regarded aB supporters of,the Ministry ; but, at a lato hour ou tho second night of the discussion, the Government suc- ceeded incatryingthoclausoby a considerable majority. 'lho Trading Companies Bill, which was only prevented becoming law last scBbiou from the lateness of its introduc- tion, was again brought forward this session, and hns passed both HotiBes. Tho Attorney General has been doinri good service to the colony since his entrañen upon oflice. Ho has introduced o series of bills for the consolida- tion oí tho btatuto law of Victoria ; and a number of these measures havo nlroady been diBpobcd of, Tho Pailiamont expires by the tfiluxion of timo in July, but It is expected that tho dissolution will tako place at an carllor date. It will bo remembered that the post of Chairman of Committees became vacant Eome time ago by tho death of Dr. Thom- son, a vacancy uleo being created in the íe prcsentation of tho Eastern Brovinco. A successor to Dr,. Thomson in. tho latter post «as found In tho poison of Mr". B. Turnbull ; whilo tho Chairmanship of Committses ho3> been conferred upon Dr. Hope, who sits for tho> Western Province, nnd who has long boetkcs* number of the IIouBe. Thoro was no oppo- sition to his olection. Ia. connexion witlu, tho Assembly, a vacancy was occasionedàn tho representation of Ballarat Weat by. the resignation of Mr. W. C. Smith. Thorp were two candidates for the suffrages of Uio «lec- tors, namely, Mr. Bohoct Lewis and ÑT. \íalo i tho former was returned by a casslderable majority. It will bo Been from what lias hcoa, «aid of the business in Parliament since the session, begnn that the Government havo at last» mado provision for tho construction of a much-needed graving-dock in tho biy. Thero can bo no doubt that tho want of such ac- commodation has been a great drawback to tho port, as well as a great inconvoni,onoo to tho shipping frequenting our waters, On tho Estimates of tho yous, £25,000, bas boon sot down for the ctnstruction of the dock, and n site has been lixod upon on tho Wil- liamstown side of til«, bay. It is to be pre- sumed that thoro will bo no unnecessary delny in proceeding with tho work. That tho dock will bo of tho greatest possible ser- vice thoro cannot ho a doubt, nor Is thaxo reason to fea* its sueoesä in a monetary point ofvie\». I T'uo desirability ot rjttiorwlso ot (orm,ln,g an Australian Lloyd's, and tho subject of insurance as affecting shipowners, have recently been engaging the attention of the commercial woild ; and meetings have been held at which both subjects have been discussed. Preliminary stops may bo said to havo been taken na regards both; but nothing very definite has yet been accom- plished with respect to the first. The com- mercial world appears, in fact, divided in opinion as to the necessity for an Australian Lloyd's-ono section believing that such an institution is desirable, whilo the other sec- tion is of opinion that it is unnecessary and would prove unworkable. In the meintlmo, the shipowners have formed a mutual in- surance club. The new regulations under which the volunteer force has been rcoonstrncted have been working admirably, and we have at tho present momont a far more effective and soldier-like force than would have been pos- sible under the former system. The Govern- ment appear desirous of encouraging the volunteers to fresh efforts towards efficiency as far as they possibly can, and at the sug- gestion of tho Minister of Finance, who is himself a volunteer of high rank, a clause was insetted in the Land Bill in which it was proposed that every non-paid member of the force who should servo for five yearo after the 1st of January last should receive » grant of fifty acres of Crown lands, as a re- cognition of his services. As the clause was a novelty, it naturally enough excited some discussion, a number of members con- tending that if it wero desirable that tho state should recognise the services of the volunteers by a grant of any kind, some better mode might be found of carrying that object into effect. Ultimately tho clause was amended, and agreed to in the following shape : -" All officers, non-commissioned officers, and members of the volunteer force of Victoria, not being on the paid staff of or serving for pay in the said force, shall be entitled, subject to such regulations and conditions as may from time to time bo approved of by the Governor in Council and laid before both Houses of Parliament, to receive from tho Board of Land and Works a certificate, which shall bo treated as equivalent to tho sum of £50 to- wards the purchase-money or rent of any Crown lands to be thereafter purchased or leased by tho holder of such certificate : pro- vided that no volunteer or person aforesaid shall be entitled to rcceivo such certificate until he bas served ns an effectivo, under any regulations now or hereafter to bo in force in the volunteer force of Victoria, for a period of not lees than five years." Victoria has not hitherto had a Govern- ment - house of its own ; and it is the only Australian colony in that position. The representatives of Her Majesty havo hitherto had their residonce at Toorak, a mansion leased for tho purpose, at a good renta', and in connexion with which the country has expended a largo sum of money in various ways. The lease of that residence, however, expires in two years more, and it is not intended that it shall bo renewed. Tho Government have brought forward a proposition for the erection of a Government-house, at a cost of ¿225,000, and half that amount, or £12,600, has been placed upon the Estimates for expenditure this year. The site of the proposed residence is still a point under consideration, but it is likely that one will be fixed upon much nearer the city than Toorak. The services of the Victoria as a war vessel ore apparently to be dispensed with at last. Thevoto for her maintenance has only been taken for seven months, and it is more than probable that her present functions will cease at the end of that period, It is proposed to send home for vessels of a larger and dif- ferent class, and more in accordance with new theories na to the best means of defending bays and shores such as ours. Hereafter, the Victoria will, in all likelihood, be employed under Commander Cox, in completing the survey cf the coast-lino, a servicd for which the cutter Leo li a is unfitted, from her siz3 and want of steam power. A meeting condemnatory of the Land Bill was held, at St. George's-hall, on Monday evening. Mr. J. H. Brooke, ono of the mem- bers for WestGeelong, and thoPrcsidentof tho Board of Land and Works in tho first Heales Ministry, was the principal speaker. A series of resolutions hostile to tho hill were adopted. The Bivcrino Association appears to havo fallen into tho sere and yellow leaf of its existencoj and thero is groat trouble and con- fusion in ita councils. The report of its latest monthly meeting exhibits on unpleasant stifo of affairs. The discussion, it appears, was of a personal and somewhat acrimonious charao ter. Tho balance-sheet showed receipts amounting to £1,817, and on oxpondlture of JE2.013. Among tbo items aro £360 for print- ing and advertising, £836 for salaries, £592 for delegates'expenses, and£3G0 for collecting signatures to petitions. The new intercolonial steam clipper Royal Standard, belonging to the White Star Line of packets, reached Hobson's Bay on the 9th, after a passage from Cork of seventy-one days. Her commander, Captain Edward J. Allen, died of liver complaint at sea on the 14th of January, and from that time until her arrival she was under the charge of the first officer, Mr. Hamilton. For the home- ward voyage the Royal Standard will be under the command of Captain Dowell, late of the intercolonial steamer Souchays. Mr. and Mrs. Kean re-appear at the Hay- market Theatre on Monday, tho 7th of March. The Northam, with tho December mails on board, reached Hobson's Bay on the evening ofFridoy.the 12tb. The Madrap, with the outgoing mails for England and the East, sails to-morrow, at the usual hour. THE TRANSPORTATION QUESTION. Governor Sir Charles Darling, in his speech to Parliament at the oponing of the session, said,- " The replies which bavo been received to the remonstrances addressed from Victoria to the Imperial Government against tho con- tinuance of transportation to Australia were considered by my advisers so far from satis- factory that thoy submitted to me a fuithor protest, .which was duly forwarded to tho Secretary of State for the Colonies. Although I have recoived no official communication on tho subject, I am glad to bo ablo to say that thero Is ground for believing that the recommenda- tions of tho commission havo not been adopted by the Imperial Government, and that trans- portation to Western Australia will only bo continued so long as may bo necessary, in tho opinion of Her Mojosty's Mlnistors, for tho maintenance of good faith with Western Aus- tralia. Nevertheless, it is the opinion of my advisers, in which thoy anticipate your con- currence, that the efforts which havo hitherto beon mado ought not to bo relaxed until transportation to Australia bas finally ceased." The following minute, submitted by Minis- ters to His Excellency tho Governor, will bo forwarded by the outgoing mail to the Seoro tary of State for the Colonies : " Your Excellency's responsible advisers havo had under their consideration two de- spatches from His Grace tho Duko of New- castle ; the first acknowledging tho receipt of a protest from tbo delegates to tho Intercolonial Conference against the ravivai . or continuance of transportation to any of « the Australian colonies ; the second, in roply to au addrcES on the samo subject from tho Legislativo Assembly of tho colony. With regard to tho first of these despatches, it is unnccessaiy ot present to take any action, inasmuch as similar protests wero forwarded by tho GovomoiB of the Boveral colonies repre- sented at the Conference, to which doublions they havo received similar replies. Tho second despatch will, in pursuance of your Excellency's command, bB laid before Parlia- ment immediately on its roassombllng ; but, as MinUtcrs of tho Crown, wo feel that wo .should bo wonting in our first duty to- wards Her Majesty's subjects in thU colony wero wo not at once promptly to record our delibérate opinion in regard to it. Wo desire, therefore, emphatically to express our surprise and rigrot at tho ap- parent disregard shown hy the Imporial Government of the remonstrances which have been firmly but constitutionally ad- dressed to Hor Most Gracious Mujosty on this to us most vital subject, and we beg to Btato our conviction that such disregard, if main- tained, must tend to wo&kon; too attachment which bas evor hitherto boen evinced by this colony towards Great Britain. We foul that it would be idlo to reiterate the argu- ments hitherto unanswered, which havo bum over and ovor again uiged upon Her Majesty's Government on behalf of tho pooplo of the Australian colonies against the continuation of a system which muBt provo destructive of their moral and social welfare. We, thoro fore, content ourselves with tho following ob- servation^ We deny that tho colony of Western Australia is BC Isolated as to secure this and the adjacent provinces from tho pre- sence of transported British folona. Scarcely a mail Bteamer from King George's Souûd reaches tho colonies of Victoria or New South Wales without landing upon thoir shores some of tlioso outcasts from Great Brit tin, and it is to us abundantly clear that wero it not for the penal statute In force in this colony their numbers would bo infinitely increased. In addition to the facilities offered by the mail steamers, it is beyond doubt that in a very short time, by means of explora- tion, and the extension of intercolonial com- merce, communication with the settlements on the southern and eastern coasts of Aus- tralia will bo still moro effectually opened up, affording to the convicts of Western Australia highways to fresh fiolds for their operations. With this prospect, we contend that the willingness of the people of Western Australia to receive the offscourlng of British society is no justification for the con- tinuance of transportation, for the result will simply be, that criminals will be provided with passages at the expense of tho state to colonies which have for so many years resisted their introduction. In concluding this memoran- dum, your Excellency's advisers desiro so- lemnly to state their opinion, that, if the course indicated by the Bight Bon. the Secre- tary of State for the Colonies be followed out, it will be universally regarded as an act of oppression and injustice unworthy of Lter Majesty's Government, inconsistent with a wise and judicious policy, and that it will force the colonial Parliament to still further restrictive legislation in defence of the rights of the colonists. (Signed) "JAMES M'CÜLIOOH." This month's mail from England brought to the Anti-Transportation League of Vic- toria a communication from Mr. H. O. E. Childers, M.P. for Pontefract, conveying the information that he had recently had, with other gentlemen connected with the Australian colonies, an Interview with the Duke of Newcastle, who Intimated that the Imperial Cabinet had unanimoudy resolved to maintain for the present the statut quo with respect to transportation to Western Australia (that is to say, not to send lhere annually a greater number of con- victs than "as nearly as might be the averago numbor sent in tho last elevon years"), and to abolish conditional pardons: and that the duke added tho expression of his individual opinioD, that within a limited number of years transportation to Western Australia would cease altogether. At a meeting of the Central Committee of the Anti-Transportation League, held on tho 18th inBt., the hon. secretary (Mr. E. G. Fitz- gibbon) read a caiefully-compilod epitome of the speeches delivered in the English Parlia- ment in 1853 by Sir John Pakington and the Duke of Newcastle, to the effect that trans- portation to Australia bhould shortly ceaso ; and an opinion was expressed that ttio years that had since transpired warranted tho be- lief that tho system of penal discipline in England has been so far perfected as to render unnecessary a call upon this sparsely popu- lated continent to receivo the felons of the mother country. At tho same meeting the thanks of tho committee were unanimously voted to Mr. Childers, for his constant advo- cacy of their cause. Our neighbours of South Australia are ^promptly following the example of Victoria, 'in agitating against a resumption of trans- portation to these shoreB. An enthusiastic meeting was held a night or two ago at Ade- laide. The chief speakers were the Hone. J. Baker, A. Forster, and J. H. Barrow. An earnest memorial to the Queen was adopted, and all the resolutions were carried unani- mously. THE NEW ZEALAND WAR. The prospect of tho termination of the war in New Zealand seems to bo even more ro mote than it appeared before the capture of the enemy's stronghold at Bangariri, some three months ago. The last mail conveyed to England tho intelligence that the Maories had constructed a serieB of fortifications after their defeat at Rangarlrl, and that General Cameron had completed arrangements for at- tacking them, The news received from New Zealand up to the present date informs UB thattheexpectod attackhadnotyct been made. A month has thus clapsod without General Cameron's being able to Etrlke any farther blow to crash the rebellion. From tho communications which have been received from, the seat of war during the month, which are necessarily of a detached and somewhat conflicting character, it ap- pears lhat the General had been prevented from carrying his plan into operation from delays caused hythe difficulty in conveying commissariat ttoreB from the seaboard to tho camp, from the fatigue caused by the troops having tocuttheir way through miles of bush country, from the manouvres of the natives rendering minor changes In the General's tac- tics necessary, and from various other causes. On the 27th of January, howover, the British forces began to move from Tani Karamea, which had beon their head- quarters for somo time, towards the enemy's ontrenched posi- tions at Bangiaohia, some twenty-five miles distant. It was known that there wore at least five formidable foititications erected there, tho contre and principal ono being called Piko Piko. The troops had advanced within a mile and a half of Piko Piko on the following day, and there encamped. The next news received was the following, which was brought by a vessel which left Aut k1 and on the 10th lnst, :-" General Came- ron's attack on the Maori position had been retatded by the gunboat Avon, convoying stores, being snogged in tho Waikato Blvor. Meantime he was disposing the troops all round the native position, and occupying eveiy position commanding the Maori forti- fications, and throwing shells daily into them. Lieutenant Mitchell, of the Esk, was shot de ad by the Maories whilo reconnoitering their Eosition. Sir George Grey lett Auckland for ead quartors on the 25th; troops had moved to Paterangi. erected a redoubt, and kept up a constant ino on the Maories. The latter have one cannon mounted. Sir Henry Have- lock narrowly escaped from a party of natives, who intercepted him, and shot his orderly's horse." Tho next and last item is the following, re- ceived yesterday, by way of Sydney :-"Auck- land news to the 13tb. Nothing decisive yet done. Humours current that 2,000 Maories retreated from Piko Piko." Thero seems to be considerable uncertainty ns to the strength of the Maories, Borne ac- counts fixing it at 3,000 men, and othors at not more than 1,000 ; but thero is good roason to bclicvo that the latter estimate is much below the mark. General Cameron la under- stood to bave about 3,000 men at his disposal, and tho number was expeotcd to be increased by tho arrival of reinforcements. The special correspondent of The Argus at the scat of war gives the following interesting dercrlption of what was witnessed on the arrival of the troops near Piko Piko : " Tho doubt as to whether the enemy had been frightened by our display into abandon- ing tho position was soon set at rest. Gene- ral Camoron and his staff went over with the advanco, nnd as ho nppcarod on tho flat a shot was fired, and a rea flag run up on the centre flagstaff. Piko Piko looked a formid- able mass. The position itself, in the first place, is good. It is a large hill, tolerably steep, rlBing from a long swampy plain, and having swamps on each side of It, On tho brow of the hill is a massive rodouht, with a parapet of great height, From this work lines of rifle-pits run down to the swamps on either flank. The pits are all stockaded-a circumstance which adds greatly to their strength. It renders it well nigh impossiblo to take them with a rush, and it is question- able whether tho Armstrong shot would not pass through tho woodworks ?without doing much injury. A third of tho distance down tho hill is another redoubt parallel with the first, and connected with it by oblique lines of rifle-pits. Lower down there is a line of rifle Îiits right ncrosB the hill ; to tho left lies a low ong redoubt, and lower down still further to the left is ayot longer redoubt, with a parapet at least ten feet in height, whilo thero seems to be nlEo an unusually wide ditch in front of it. Both these latter works are heavily stockaded. Piko Piko may bo said, in short, to conBlBtof four honvy earthworks, with the gTOund about them honeycombed with rlflo ÍÜB. The works seemed to bo folly manned, 'robably thora were not less than 800 men In them. Our dark-skinned opponents wore evidently ¡n a state of great excitemont, and expecting us to movo on to tho attack ovcry moment. Whenever n bugle rang thoy rushed on to tho parapets in swarm?, to seo whothor wo were on tho march or not, and afterwards slowly dropped bick to their covers. In tho intervals their chiefs stalked on the parapets, gesticulating violently, and cloarly addressing inspiriting speeches to their mon below." Tho following are amongst the miscellane- ous items received during the month:-"On the 22nd of January Colonel Warre's force | shot eleven Maories near Taranaki. A slight attempt was afterwards made to stop tho military escott. Two attempts to burn down Auckland had been discovorod. Tho perpe- trators wero unknown." THE ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN. As was expected, the representatives of the crickoting world of England havo had a highly favourable reception in New Zealand, and there is little reason to doubt that they will rotum to Tlctoria well satisfied with their visit to the sister colony and its results. The team took their departure in the Alham- bra, Captain John M'Lean, and were favoured with a rapid and pleasant passage, and they are expected to return by tho Omeo, Captain M'Lachlan, in time to commence a match against Twenty-two of Castlemaine, on the 20th. The first match-a three days' one at Dune- din, against Twenty-two of New Zealand ended in a win for the Englishmen, but the scores on both sides wero comparatively small, a result chiefly due to the wretched Btato of the ground. In their first innings, tho Twenty-two made seventy-one, and tho Eleven ninety-nine, Grace and Lockyer con- tributing twenty-four oacb. In their second innings, tbo Twenty-two secured eighty-threo, and the Eleven fifty- eight, with the losa of one wicket, thus winning tho match with nine wickots to go down. Grace (not out) i gave twenty-six, and Tarrant (not out) twelve ; Jackson contributing sixteen baforo he was got out. Jackson, Caffyn, and Hay- ward were the bowlers in the first innings of the Twenty-two, tho latter being tho most successful ; while, in the second innings, Hayward, Jackson, and Tinley were tho bowie, rs. The next match was against twenty-two of Canterbury and Otago on tho same I ground, and it resulted in a draw for want of time to play it out to a moro legitimate con- clusion. The Twenty-two, in their first inn- ings made ninety one, while the eleven ob- tained sevonty- three, Grace giving forty-two, the next highest scorer being Lockyer, with ten. In theil second innings, the Twenty two wero much moro rapidly disposed of, their total only being sixty-six. Tho Eleven had not time to take a second innings. Tin ley, Hayward, Jackson, and Caffyn. wore the bowlers in the first innings, and Tinley, Tar- rant, and Jackson in the Eccond. The dreaded slows of the first named wero again moat efftctive. From the ground the All-England re- presentatives were escorted to the Bteamer City of DunediD, which was in readi- ness to take them onwards to Canter- bury, where the third match was to be played against a local team. By tho screw Eteamer Blackbird, we havo files from Lyttel ton and Christchurch to the 9th inst., and from these we have Ecanty particulars of tho game so far. The local Twenty-two went first to the wickets, and wore disposed of in about two hours for a total of thirty. Grace and Tarrant were the first to represent tho Eleven at tho wickete. The former was most unfor- tunate, having been bowled the first ball by Wills, who was playing with tbo Twenty-two, while Tarrant only mado eight, leaving, when the stumps wero drawn for the evening, two wickets down for ton íuns. On their return, as we have already said, the first match the Eleven play Is against twenty-two of Castlemaine. The next, and what is likely to be the most interesting game of the whole, is an eleven match on tho Mel- bourne ground, the English team being divided six against six, with five of the best colonial players on each side. Thereafter tbo team leave tor Sydney, where great prepara- tions aro being made for thoir reception, and on visiting us once moro, they will again play twenty-two of the colony on the Melbourno ground. THE GOLD-FIELDS. Tho dulness which has prevailed to a great extent on the diggings since the Christmas holidays appears to be now passing away. No great discoveries havo been made, but there have beon Boveral now spots opened up within the last two or three weeks, causing movements of more or less impórtanos, and these help to keep the miners scattered, and to prevent tho crowding together of large numbera [of idlers at.every new rush, which usually happenB at this season. None of tho late rushes havo been on a largo scale, though some ore promising enough. At Raywood, in the Bendigo district, there aro more men than can find profitable employment just now ; but that is more from tho want of water than the want of gold, for thero is a wide extent of ground which will pay when water is to be had in the vicinity, but on which no good can be done at prosont. This place, it vi ill bo remembered, waB only discovered at the beginning of summer, and was from the first without any natural supply of water, still a considerable quantity of gold is ob- tained every week, principally in the form of nuggets and lumps picked out dry, or from tho richest of the woskdirt, which will allow of being carted at some expense to the water. A copious supply can, it is supposed, be led through theso diggings in a channel from . tho Loddon at no great cost, and it is tho hopo of this, or of what eau be done through tho winter, that keeps so many people at home. This summer is pass- ing over without any approach to tho general scarcity of water which has al way 3 been hitherto experienced, exoept in places espe- cially favoured in this respect. The rivers and creeks are still flowing, all the large reservoirs aro full, and tho small reservoirs have been replenished once or twice a month by heavy showers, up to tho present time. It was supposed that a large number of mon would have been driven long ere this to tho mountain streams, to work the deposits known to exist in them ; but theso have been so often flooded, and have continued so high, that even tho men who have long held claims on their bailies havo boen ablo to do com- paratively little, andthemincrs elsewhere have not been forced to leavo the parts of the country with which they aro better ac- quainted. This summer access to all the known auriferous streams of tho Great Di- viding Bango is to bo rendered moro practi- cable and eney than it has beon, for a liberal sum bas been voted by Parliament, and an arrangement has been entered into by Go- vernment with ono of the earliest settlers and explorers of the Gipps Land district, by which he is bound to clear and mark out a roadway along the central ridge, with branches down eithor side to the places already occupied, or to the present tracks leading from one to the other. Thus it will be soon possible for miners and other parsons, oven though but moderately skilled as bushmen, to explore theeo regions without tho very great danger now exibtlng of being lost in the vast scrubs or deop gullies, and moro easy roads than some of those now used will ba availablo for the cairiago of provisions and machinery. As was to be expected from the frequent announcement of the very high yieldsobtaiaod from the reefs in thesoranges, especially those at Wood's Point, considerable interest and no little amount of speculation have been aroused about them at last. A fow Bhares fell into the handB of business men in town, and it quickly became known that they were getting enormous returns in proportion to their out- lay, bo that it has lately become the fashion to venture into the wild country, and have a look at thc60 wondorful reefs ; and wonder- ful they certainly arc, both in regard to their very peculiar formation and to the quantity of gold thoy contain. Ono of the lateBt yiolds announced on undoubted authority was from thhty-six tons of stone out of a claim on tho Morning Star Beef, which produced l,681oz. 2dwt. of gold, or nearly forty-four ounces to the ton, and this is by no means an unusual instance, for the claims on this reef havo averaged from ten to thirty ounces to tho toa from tho first, and with tho rudest of ma- chinery, allowing much of the gold to go to waste. Thus it is not surprising that whoa public attention was directed to theso reefs shares should riso in valuo a thousand per cent, within a very fow weeks, and now a sbaro in a claim actually on tho roof is scorccly to bo purchased at any price. An active search bos, of courao, beon carried on for Eomo time for other reefs of a similar character, but the difficulties of the- sur- rounding country are great enough to dotor all but the most adventurous, and it may be some timo before a second Morning Star Beef is opened. Tho reefs on the Gipps Land side of the ranges also promiso exceedingly well, and several crushing machines are now being set up on them. Somo of the best yields lately, from the older reefs, have boon ob- tained from a claim on tho Nuggetty Beof, at Tarrengower-a placo famous in the early days of quartz-mining for the extromo valuo of the Btono taiscd thero, but where the re- turns for Eomo years past have been only very moderate This last new lode is, however, worthy of tho former fauio of the Mount, as tho first large lot of Etone from it produced l,800oz" and tho next lot of 100 tons produced l,700oz. Tho Hustler's Reef, at Bendigo, also continues to yield largely, one lot of 200 tons from it producing 674oz., and this is not an uncom- mon average from two claims on it. Thero has been a great falling-off of late In the jield from the Inglewood reefs; but one ciushing of COO tons from the March Reef produced 802oz. 13dwt, and another of 210 from Maxwell's Reef 362oz. The largest re- turn from a email quantity of stone was ob- tained from two tons out of a reef noar Dunolly, which produced 105oz. In tho Cas- tlemaine district several old reefs havo been taken up again and are worked with profit ; but tho yields are mostly email. At the Blue Mountain some new and rich reel's have been opened this su Timer, and a lot of sixty tons from ono of theso lately yielded 400oz. Of tho Ballarat companies the Koh-i-noor still keep3 the lead, and is now raising a large quanti ty of gold, though, owing to the expcnsos of litigation, only one divi- dend was declared during the month, but that was £215 per share. The Great Extended Company paid £45 per Bhare for one fort- night, and £40 per share for the other, clear of all expenses. Tho dividends paid by tho Cosmopolitan Company wera respectively £36, £12, and £26 per share, and for one fortnight the Prince of Wales Company paid £26 per share. The other dividends declared during the past four weeks woro all lower than these. Nuggets of a large 3ize hare been turned out more abundantly than for some time past, and th© largest of these, a lump of pure «old weighing 192o?!., was found in old and shallow ground near Maryborough. A lump wolghlng 112CE. was found at Bokewood, and at Korong a piece weighing eighty-one ounces. Then at Raywood there were nuggets found during the month respectively woighlng 82oz., 62oz, 52OE., 36oz., 83oz. 12dwt., 33oz. 2dwt, besides a whole host of smaller pieces. AGRICULTURE. The summer still continues to be of the same abnormal character, and no chango is likely now to occur, for we are near the end of February, with tho country as green and fresh looking as it is in spring. À few hot dayB there have been, but very few, and these have always been succeeded by rains heavy enough to Eot the grass growing again. Even in January, usually such a dry month, thoro was a rainfall of upwards of two inches and a half at Melbourno, much more in some placos, or quito up to the averago of each month during the past very wet year. The conse- quence is, of course, an abundance of feed for stock everywhere, very little of which has yet been touched by bush fires. It was feared that thoso would be vory severe and destruc- tive, and so they would have been, no doubt, if the grass had become dry, but the frequent tains have kept it green at the root if not at the top, and ttio fires will not run. The days aro now fast becoming shorter again, and the weather is like that of autumn, with heavy dews and cool mornings, BO that, oven with the warmeEt weather wo can well have now, the country wlB not be parched enough to allow of extensivo bush-fires. Thus the stockownors havo been most fortunato in the season,'; but not so the farmers, most of whom havo suffered severely hy losses of ono sort or other. Those on low gronnd had everything swept away by repeated floods ; and oven on high lands the crops have been so damaged in many cases, that thoy might as woll have gone too, for all the good they are. First, the hay was so frequently wetted when on tho ground or in the stack, that one-half of what is now sent into town is only fit for litter ; and then tho caterpillar appeared in great force, cutting the heads off the oats left standing lor grain. The harley and wheat were injured too, but tho latter not seriously until it was very generally attacked by rust, which has quite destroyed the crop in very many fields, much reducing the yield and the quahty of the grain in others. Those dis- tricts only have escaped in which the soil Is dry and the rainfall tight, such as, in fact, pioduce but little in ordinary seasons, and so are not tilled to any extent. The lo» to some of the struggling farmers from this cause Is ruinous, and to the country at large It must bo very great ; but estimates vary widely as to how far it will affect the supply and ptlce of breadstuff?. In some districts thero is scarcely any wheat fit for seed, and in such the bulk ot the grain must of course be in- ferior for millers' purposes, even though the quantity may not bo very far short of the usual yield. The statistical returns will be looked for with interest this year ; but whatever they may show in figures, the fact is but too apparent that the harvest, which was long expected to be so good, has been anything but an abundant or remunerative one. Then the fruitgoweis, although tho markets are now pretty fully supplied, havo also baon great losers hy the storms and floods, and the j ield of grapes in most of the vineyards will be very small. Somo of the vinc3 wero ter- ribly cut up by the heavy gales of wind and rain at the flowering time, and now different sorts of blight or rust are killing off the young grapes ; so that the vintage of 1861 promises to be but a poor one. Tiuly, our home-made wines are having but a bad chance just now; for thoso of last year which were good ard being forced into consumption before they are ht to drink, owing to the want of capital on the patt of the makers, and their inability to hold them back till ripe ; and the wines of this year are likely to be both deficient in quantity and poor in quality, and they will have to meet the consumption of the year In which they are made. The autumn shows of grain and produce, and with some of the country societies of Btock also, are now com- mencing, and several ate to come off within the next three or four weeks. One has been held In the Ovens district, at which a little good grain was exhibited; but in the produce classes generally thero was a serious falling-oil, and this complaint is likely to ho oft repeated before the shows of this agricultural year are over. Little progress appears to havo been made as yet in cleaning tne sheep of this colony, and a meeting of persons interested in the subject was held lately to make suggestions foi the improve- ment of the present Scab Act ; but although this was allowed to be so defective as to be almost inoperative for good, the only altera- tion recommended was the appointment of additional inspectors, to assist in enforcing its provisions. Next month a now act comes i into force in New South Wales, which will put a stop to tho crossing of sheep from this side of the border. Pleuro-pneumonia is spreading, surely, and not very slowly, in all directions, and has at length mado its way amongst the cattle of South Australia, notwithstanding the persevering efforts to keep infected cattle out of that territory. In New Zealand it had spread so widely beforo its existence was ac- knowledged, that nothing short of destroying all the cattle in the middle island would now suffice for its eradication there. RAILWAY TRAFFIC. The returns of the traffic on our railways, during the month of January, are very satis- factory, showiDg, in most instances, an in- crease, more or less important, on the receipts of tho corresponding month in 1863. On the Victorian railways the total for the month is £47,199 12s. lid., comparing favourably with the £43,4G7 3s. öd. received in the same month of last year. Of this, £9,250 93. lOd. was taken on the main line to Sandhurst, for 39,756 pas- sengers, and £10,743 6s. 6d, for the convey- ance of goods. On the Ballarat Uno, the re- ceipts wero £8,00011s. 6d. for 21,227 passengers, and £8,712 6s. for goods. On the Williams- town branch £962 11s. 7d. was received, for 83,954 passengers, and £2,924 12s. Gi. for goods. Total amount, £18,819 12s. lid. for 94,938 passengers, and £28,8S0 for goods. The total receipts on the Melbourno Railway Vi ere-for passenger traffic, £4,112 Is. 8d. ; for rent, £120 6s. Hld. Duting the first week of tho year £1,429 5s. Gd. were taken on this line for passenger traffic, as against £1,060 8s. lOd. of the same week in the preceding j ear. On the Hobson's Bay and St. Kilda lines tho receipts during the four weeks end- ing the 28th of January were £0,215 8s. 4d., against £6,139 7s. 2d. on the same weeks of lost year. THEATRICAL. The past month has been productive of no special novelty in tho theatrical world of Melbourne. At tho Royal, after a brilliant inn of five weeks, the Christmas pantomime was withdrawn, and a new dramatic season commenced, which has so far maintained the prestige of success which has hitherto con- stantly attended Mr. Barry Sullivan's manage- ment at this theatre. There has boen a re- vival of twelve nights of " King John," with Mr. Sullivan as Faulconbridge ; and six nights of " Venice Preserved," in which he played Pierro to excellent houses. Miss Cleveland makes her first appearance in Aus- tralia at the Royal, on Saturday evening, in ".Leah the Forsaken." At the Haymatket, tho manager has en- gaged tho Howson family, who have been playing opera to good houses, with the assist- ance of Mr. Henry Wharton, Mr. Walter Sherwin, and Madame Oarandlni, The operas played have been-"The Bohemian Girl," ''The Night Dancers," "II Trovatoro," "La Sonnamhuls," " Maritana," and " The Moun- tain Sjlph." The latter was played for the first time hero on Monday evening. The Mesdames Howson, especially the elder sister, havo rendered themselves very popular by their sweet, accurate, and entirely uncon- ventional style of slni'ing. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean aro announced to re-appear at the Haymarket on Monday, March 7, for a short engagement ; after which, in company with Mr. Coppin, who will act as their agent, the Keans will start for Call fornia, and from thence travel through Ame- rica. It is announced that Mr. and Mrs. Kean will play a six nights' engagement at the Tbeatro Royal, Ballarat, commencing with to-morrow (Thursday). POPULATION AND MIGRATION. The Begistrar-General of Victoria has isäued his quaiterly returns of the population brought down to tbo 31st December, 1863. The following is an abstract of tho returns for tho last three months of that year : Mulos, i Feiiialo»| Population on tho 30th Stpttmbor, 18B3 Increase of population by excess of immigration over emigration (by Boa), during tho quartor encl- ins Slut Dec moor, 1803 Incrcaso by excess of birtbs over deaths, during the quarter ending Slat De- cember, 1803 320,010 239,891 1,060 1,722 330,283 Incrcaso during tho quartoiH 3,872 8,7021 7,134 IncreiBO during tbo year ..I 4,620 I 18,6771 18,187 1,721 2,041 600,807 »,S7l 3,703 243,033 673,041 The incrcaso of persons of both floxes during tho yoar bj OXCOBB of births oTor deaths wa» 14,014, Tia., 0,308 males and 7,700 fournies ; that by oxees» of arrivals oror departures vas 4,183. An incrcaso of 6,071 Icmalos and a loss of 1,7S8 males took placo bj boa, loaring tho balanco stated. The returns of tho immigration depart- ment for tho month of January have bson pub- lished in the Gazette. The arrivals numbered 3,053 and the departures 2,645, the bilanoo being an addition of 608 persons to the popu ation of the colony. Of the arrivals, 2,982 anded at Melbourne, C7 at Geelong, and 4 at Port Albort. Of tho departures, 2,622 cm barked at Melbourne, 17 at Goolong, 4 at Port- land, and 2 at Port Albert. Tho ages and Boxes may bo thus divided ¡-Arrived-2,081 adult males, 687 adult females, 159 male and 126 female children. D<jparted-1,894 adult males, 303 adult females, 129 male and 129 femalo children. Tho Btream of migration was against this colony in favour of Now South Wales by 79, and in favour of this colony against South Australia by 32, against Tasmania by 171, and against Kew Zealand by 3. The total intercolonial migration added 127 persons to the population of Vic- toria. From the United Kingdom there was a balance in favour of 043, and for foreign ports a balanco against of 202-no loss than 371 Chinese having taken their departure home word-bound. Tho following digest of there turns gives a clear insight into tho migratory movements of tho month ; ïl 70 Now South Wales , South Australia , Toan anta .. New Zealand Total neighbouring colo- nies United Kingdom .. Foreign ports 1407 044 404 We give below the arrivals and departures for the month compared with those for Janu aiy, 1803. It will be Been that while the arrivals in the colony for the first month of the current year exceeded those for the first month of ita predecessor by 318, the departures were lesB by 2,464. In tho earlier period, no less than 3,631 persons sailed hence for New Zealand, and during the latter, only 865, including military Bottlers attracted to Auckland by the promiso of a fieehold with rations, after the war is brought to. an ond. 1803. partod. De- parted. January .. 2,706 J 6,000 3,053 2,64S COMMERCIAL. Tho Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navi- gation Company's mail steamship Northam arrived in Uobson's Bay on tho evening of the 12th inst., and her mails were delivered early on the following morning. Tho effect of the advices received was to steady tho mar- kets, which had undergone some fluctuations, from the fortnights delay in the arrival of the mail steamships of the previous month. An Increased activity ia business has since set in, with no inconsiderable amount of speculation in sevoral articles. Tho markets have felt the influence of the large reship ments of imported goods which havo been made, and of the continued demand which has drafted off largo parcels of merchandise and provisions for the supply of the inland townships and mining districts. The Government financial scheme for the year haB been laid before the House of Assem- bly, and has given general satisfaction, except as regards the proposed imposition of wharfage ra tis. There was not only no deficit last year, but, on the contrary, a sum of £44,802 was handed over to the credit of the ourrent year. The total revenue was £3,001,121, and the actual expenditure £2,059,319. The revenue for the current year is calculated at £3,015,283, while the Estimates havo been framed with a view to keep the expenditure rigidly within tho limit of tbeEo ligures, notwithstanding that large sums havo been appropriated for oxtratrdinaiy public works-for a graving dock, a new lunatic asylum, and other con stuiotions of a peimanent character. The in- terest on the public loans is provided for out of general revonuo, tho sources of which are buoyant in all cases, and increasing in some-the income derived from reproductive publ'c works, for instance. With regard to the wharfage rates which are intended to supply tho place of tho registra- tion fees at present imposed, but little can be said in their favour. The following is the schedule of the wharfage rate proposed by the Treasurer in Committee of Ways and Means : LIQUIDS IS HULK. Tun butt, each.£0 3 Pipo or puncheon, each.0 2 Hogshead, cadi. ..0 1 Barrel or quartor-ca.sk, each.0 0 Octavo, keg, drum, tin, Jar, or other small singlo package, each.0 0 OTHER ooous. Case, erato, cask, bolo, box, bundlo, trunk, bug, keg, firkin, or package, measuring 30 cubic foot mid upwards .0 3 20 do. do., to 30.0 2 10 do. do., to 20.0 1 Odo. do., to 10.0 0 3do. do., lo«.0 0 ldo. do., to 3.0 0 LOFS than 1 foot.0 0 Steam boilers, millstones, cliains, machiiierj, railway matorinls, cordago, oakum, llax, or other llbroUB articles, carrlagos, furniture, mid goods not otherwise enumerated, per ton .0 3 0 Lead, lead piping, Iron, iron wiro, stool, or other loose metal, shot, nails, or metal in calks, caBcs, or frames, per cwt.0 0 2 Sugar, salt, colTco, rico, Dour, moat, pota toca, or other vegetables, grain, seeds, malt, hops, or pulse, per cwt.0 0 3 Spades, shovels, brooms, forks, frying- pans, and small pieces of shaped wood, per dozen 0 0 3 TImbor, per load of forty cubic or 480 super- ficial feet .0 3 0 Posts and rails, per 100.0 3 0 Tickets or palings, per 100 .0 10 Shingles or laths, per 1,000.0 10 Ours, tubs, or buckets, per dozen .. ..000 Coals, coko, or firewood, per ton .. ,,010 Slates mid bricks, por 1,000.0 3 0 Empty casks or shook», por bundlo .. .,000 ExRMi-r. All articles belonging to lier Majesty's Qovornmont, passengers' luggage, and also guano, bones, bone-dust, and iivo stack. Goods to bo rated according to wolglit or measure- ment, at tho option of tho collector of Customs at tho port of discharge ; and in cases of question or disputo, consignees to weigh or measure to the satisfaction of collector of Customs. These rates, it is estimated, would produce an income of £00,000 per annum ; but many of them are so manifestly unjust in thoir amount, aB being out of all proportion to the value of the several articles, that the list will havo to undergo considerable modification before it is brought into operation. Tho Chamber of Commerce bave protested against this new tax for general revenue or as a moans of providing permanent harbour improve- ments, while admitting the policy of the im- post for the repair and maintenance of wharfs. At a special meeting of this body tho following résolutions were adopted : Moved by Mr. James Spowers, sccondod by Mr. F. D. White : " That, in the opinion of this chamber, it IB inexpedient to levy wharfage rates for the purpose of general revenue." Moved by Mr. 8. P. Lord, seconded by Mr. 1?. J. Bligh : "That while this chamber docs not object to such wharfage rates as may bo required for the maintenance of wharfs, it ia ot opinion that the rates proposed by the Government ore excessive, and calculated to iDJuro the | commerce of the port." Moved by Mr. Lorimer, seconded hy Mr. D. WilBbln : " That, in the opinion of this chamber, it is inequitable to provide for por m arnon t har- bour improvements from wharfage rates, un- less that for such purposes money be bor- rowed on debentures, and that the rates be. chargeable with tho interest thorcon, and also próvido a sinking fund for the gradual liquidation of the debt." > Moved by Mr. Hammil!, seconded by Mr. J. King: " That with a view of further roduoing_ the proposed wharfage rate, this chamber is of opinion that .exports of colonial produce ! should not bo exempt from paying their pro : portion of the expense of maintaining wharfs." It was proposed, " That, in the opinion of this chamber, wharfago rates on measure- ment goods should bo levied as par bill of I lading, rather than in packages ;" bat this re- solution was withdrawn. In introducing the resolution in com- mittee of the Assembly, the Treasurer pro- posed that one-fourth of tho rates, less five percent, for cost of collection, should be paid to the owners of piers and wharfs constructed at their own proper C03t ; but this portion of the resolution was struck out. Tho Melbourno 1 and Hobson's Boy Railway Company havo slnco taken action in the matter. A special meeting of the shareholders was held on Mon- day, at which resolutions wero carried de- claring tho injastico of the proposal to tax goods landed on a pier which had cost its proprietors £100,000, for the purpose of ox tending public wharfage accommodation to compete with that supplied by private enter- prise at a time when the shipping trade and 1 the commerce of tho port wero much impeded by the want of the means and opportunities of rapidly discharging and loading vcssols. We wtro enabled, la our issue of the 25th ult.,to givo a tableBhowing the average state- ments of seven of the nine banks separately, for the fourth quarter of 1863, as compared with the fourth quarter of its predecessor. Subjoined is a comparison of tho returns of the two banks which wero not then pub- lished : BAHK or AUSTRALASIA. Fourth Quarters. 1802\. 1803. Notos In circulation.. .. £281,000 £201,502 Illlla in circulation .. .. 14,305 10,142 Deposits, not Loaring Internat 001,001 T18.492 Do., bearing IntorcU .. 677,904 035,087 Total liabilities .. .. 1,878,802 1,031,224 Coln. 278,812 171,330 1 Bullion . 71,390 47,251 Landed property .. ., 100,030 85,000 Government securities .. - 60,753 Debts duo to the bank .. 1,841,050 1,823,050 Total «KKSts. 2,325,441 2,200,535 BARK or NHW SOUTH WAU». Notes in circulation.. .. £210,830 £190,001 Dills in circulation .. .. 2,087 2,074 Deposits, not bearing intorcst 030,055 534,439 Do. bearing intercut .. 587,408 631,423 Total liabilities .. .. 1,451,433 1,272,033 Coln. 201,890 149,202 Bullion . 08,980 08,732 (JoTonirnont securities .. 30,600 30,007 Landed property .. ., 63,515 62,053 Dobts duo to tho bank .. 1,330,818 1,313,079 Tctilassota. 1,710,053 1,001,001 Tho returns of tho average liabilities and assets for the fourth quarter of the past year of the nine banks trading in the colony being now complete, we aro enabled to give the aggregate averages, which may be thus stated: Notes in circulation.£1,300,239 Hills In circulation. 87,010 Balances duo to other banks .. .. 93,000 Deposita not bearing Interest .. .. 3,472,954 Deposits bearing intorest.3,873,812 Total liablities.8,887,093 Coln .1,287,002 Bullion. 531,171 Lauded property . 508,132 Notes and bills uf other banks .. ,. 145,005 Balances duo from other banks .. .. 200,075 (¡ovornmont securities . 80,701 Debts duo to tho banks .10,140,453 Total assola .H,202,817 Capital paid up .0,827,085 Amount of lost dirldond. 402,200 Reserved profita .1,404,005 Taking the totals of theseaggregate averages of the nine banks, and comparing them with the averages of tho previous quarter, we find an increase of notes in circulation during the lourth quarter of 1803 of £22,551, a decrease in deposits not bearing interest of £51,690, an increase in deposits bearing interest of £97,360, an increaso in total liabilities of £20,017, a decreaso in coin of £79,561, an Increase In bullion of £98,344, an increase in landed property oí £2,180, an increase in Go- vernment securities of £21,638, an increase in debts duo to the banks of £221,395, an in- creaso in total assets of £267,977, an increase in capital paid up of £77 586, a decrease in amount of last dividend of £10.200, and an increase in reserved profits of £l5,000. The last three items, it must be borne in mind, ia all cases, refer to the transactions of the in- stitutions at all their branches and agencies, the remainder only to business transacted within the colony. For the purpose of affording further com- parison, we givo in the following table the aggregate averages of the nine banks quarterly for two years past : Notes in circulation Bills do. Deposits, not bearing in- terest Do., bearing interest Total liabilities .. Coin Bullion Landed property.. Government securities Debts due to banks Total assets Paid- up capital .. Amount of last dividend Reserved prouts 1st Quarter, £ 1,542,480 4,326,702 2,802,790 8,903,406 1,731,352 644,000 618,085 87,078 9,138,387 12,347,373 0,609,883 362,005 1,334,334 2nd Quarter, 1862. £ 1,476,806 102,695 4,347,743 3,223,052 9,350,640 1,913,431 482,307 622,695 39,679 9,265,959 12,626,290 6,612,8SS 332,944 1,421,630 4th Quarter, 1862. £ 1,494,765 110,488 4,126,818 3,992,776 9,927,079 1,856,204 494,441 604,949 80,600 10,005,342 13,369,102 6,023,460 395,136 1,330,022 1st Quarter, 1863. £ 1,432,803 75,144 4,005,375 8,838,777 9,563,482 1,772,833 407,616 511,31» 85,017 9,743,056 12,890,163 6,675,968 405,135 1,405,250 2nd Quarter, 1863. £ 1,372,876 68,087 8,736,523 3,794,677 9,128,240 1,694,353 371,544 496,514 62,233 9,988,095 12,924,377 0,742,623 432,712 1,427,516 3rd Quarter, 1863. £ 1,S38,0S8 85,654 3,524,644 3,776,452 8,867,076 1,867,223 435,827 505,952 65,223 10,219,060 12,944,340 6,747,500 412,400 1,339,005 4th Quarter, 1S63. £ 1,360,239 87,019 3,472,954 8,873,812 8,887,093 1,237,662 534,171 508,132 86,761 10,440,468 13,202,317 6,827,035 402,200 1,401,005 There have been some fluctuation in the value of money, the banks not being agreed among themselves as to the rates of exchange, and of discount to be charged to their cus- tomers, and as to the rates of intorcst to bo allowed to depositors. No little competition has taken placo with regard to the latter, one private bank offering as much as 7i per cent, for fixed deposits for twelvo months. The attempt made to ralso the rates of discount, which we had occasion to notice in our last monthly summary, has died out. The rates now ruling stand at 8 per cent, for three months', and 9 per cent, for four months'. The Union Bank of Australia discounts two months' paper at 7 per cent. Sixty days' exchange on England is quoted at par to J per cent, premium. The rates for thirty days'on India and the Eist aro :-Bombay, 2s. Osfel. per rupee ; Calcutta, 2s. OJd. per rupee ; Madras, 2s. OJd. por rupee ; Ceylon, 2i per cent, premium ; Hong Kong, 4s. Od.iper dollar; Mauritius, 4s. lid. per dollar; Singapore,4?. 9Jd par dollar. The charges by the Peninsular and Oriontal Com- pany for the transmission of gold and bullion horn Melbourne to the Bank of England amount to 1} per cent., Including insurance. The rates ot interest quoted by the banks vary according to the requirements of the several institutions. For deposits at thirty days' notice, from 2} to 4 per cent, per annum ; at threo months' notice, from 3 to 5 per cent. ; at six months' notice, from 5 to G per cent. There is little to notice in tho yield of tho gold-fields, except that the shipments have been mu cn below the average. Tho clearances this week have'amounted to 19.621oz, making the total shipments' Rince tue commence- ment of tho year 221,992oz., of which quantity 1E3.8810Z. were the produce of Victoria, and 88,llloz. tramhipments from New Zealand. Tho thipments made hence during the cor- responding period of last year wero 240,44608. of Victorian and 45,423oi!. of New Zealand gold, giving a total of 285,869oz. Prices varied with the bank competition, which ma strougly at the beginning of tho month. Since then thoy have settled down to £3 15s. 3d. to £3 16s. Cd. per ounce for standard. In the following table, tha quantities of gold brought into Melbourne weekly by the escorts are given separately for the various gold-fields, for throe months ending on Thursday last : 2577 564 Tbo following is a list of the gold ships which have sailed hence since the 1st of December, with the quantities and the des- tinations stated separately : Sailing. 20 Ship. Rangatlra .. Borwlckslilro Sussex Donald M'Kay Wonga Wonga Star of Peace Northam ,, Great Victoria Qloncoo ,. Essex ,, Calliance ,, Moravian ., Wonga Wonga Agincourt.. Bombay .. Great Britain Dover Castle Red llover Kaiigntlra .. Wonga Wongu Alexandra.. Kosciusko ., Lincolnshire Sydnoy .. Hong Kong London .. London .. Sydnoy .. London .. Point do Collo . Liverpool Hong Kong . London .. , Loudon ., , London ., , Sydney ., London .. Point do Calle . Liverpool London ., London ., , Sydney ., , Sydnoy ,, Sydnoy ., London ,. , London ,, 10,319 0,53* 15,919 4,002 7,015 18,80* 9ti,831 18.15S 6,4 US 23,249 13,705 4,203 4,894 3,147 C2.S3S (11,231 10.8S1 9,707 2,890 14,310 1,53t 8,534 83 Of the stock and share market, Messrs. Baillie and Butters report in their circular of yesterday : "Transactions In tho Block and sharomarkot lost week «ore pretty numerous, and of considerable amount. Government securities aro rather weaker, In absenco of buyers. Bank Btocka havo been freely doalt in, and tho demand for all continues good, with the exception of Colonial, for which lower prices havo been accepted. Milling ventures generally havo had tholr usual sharo of attention, but thu quartz-roofs of the Gipps Land lianges continuo to attract tho majo- rity of speculators. Tho dillieulty of convoying machinery across tlieso precipitous mountains must, however, retard tho development of tho district for some timo. Thero aro many claims tint havo stono on tho surfaco calculated to product) thousands of ounces of gold, which must remain whorolt is until lnochincry can bo erected convouient for crushing. "Debentures.-Wp havo sold Victoria Government Six )»r Cents, at £107, and South Australian Govern- ment Six per Cents, (romlttablo) at 110J, duo 1882, and holders of tho latter aro disposed to be firm for an ach ance ; a salo at £111 Is reported. Nono of th» others liavo attracted attention. " Banks.-Colonial havo been sold at £7 5s. and £7 3«. ; closing, sellers at £7 Os., buyers nt £7 2s. Od. National liuvo been rather moro in (lomani! ; £117s. Od. has been f reoly given for small parcels ; closing, £4 17s. buyers, £1 18s. sellers. Victoria continuo scarce, and aro takon readily when offered at £38 ; fow sellers in tho market. New South Wales havo boon the subject of inquiry, in consequence of tho rumoured ikuo of new stock to tho prosont shareholders ; no sales, howovcr, aro reported. "Insurance.-Alliance aro steadily advancing in price, and aro oxpectcd to go higher ; sales 0s. Od. aud 10a, sellers oak 10a. Od. Australasian aro firm, with few sellers at any prlco ; 60s. offered. Colonial aro alto rapidly recovering tlioír lost ground, thoro being no sellers In tho market under 12s. ; buyers offor 11s. Victoria Lifo and Ccnoral dull ; no sellers. Victoria Fire and Murillo remalli at £23 sollora, £20 buyer«. The npproaclilng yearly meeting of tho latter will probably hay o tho effort of narrowing quotations, if It do not lead to business and advanced prices." The general half-yearly meeting of the pro- prietors of tho Bank of "Victoria was held on the 2nd inst., at which a dividend of ten per cent. v> as declared ; and the following balance sheet was brought up and adopted: "Aggrogato balonco-shect, Dccombcr 31, 1803. Dr.-To proprietors' capital, £500.000 ; notos in circulation, £200,600 ; bills In circulation, £413,330 11s. Gd. ; deposits (Including Interest accrued), £1,610,422 12s. ; duo to other banks, £20,014 7s. 3d. ; reservo fund, £100,000 ; profit and loss, £31,11» 16s. Od. ; total, £2,878,467 Os. 2d. Cr.-By coln, bullion, und cash balances, £610,030 10s. 3d. ; bul- lion in transit!! to London, £282,067 ; duo from other banks, £166,322 0s. lOd. ; bills rccolvablo aud other advances, £1,767,464 Is. Od. J policies of In- surance, £1,203 10s. 8d. ; bank premisos, £148,093 10s.»lld. ; less »rltton off, £17,600 ;-£131,403 10s. lid. ; total, £2,878,167 0s. 2d. Profit and loss.-Dr. -Te» current expensen, head offico and sovontocn brandies, with fifteen sub-branchos, including rents, £26,409 12s. 7d. ; bank premises, Cr. account, £6,000 ; balanco, £20,10316a. (k1. ; total, £50,003 8s. Id. To dividend at ton per cent., £25,000 ; balanco, £1,10316s. Od. ; total, £20,103153. 0d. Cr.-By balanco from 30th 3 uno, 1803, £4S2 11s. 7d. ; gross prout for half-year (after deducting Interest paid or duo to cus toinors, and making provision for bad and doubtful debts), £50,180 10s. Od. ; total, £50,003 8s. Id. By balanco, £20,103 15s. (k1, üesorvo I'und.-Dr. To balanco, £100,000. Cr.-By balanco from 30th Juno, 1S03, £100,000." Wo have given elsewhere the prlnoipal items of news concerning the import and produce nmrkots. The imports and ex- ports at the port of Melbourno for the week ending 13th February, aro given in the Bill ofMntry, Tho imports amounted to tho declared value of £510,008, and the exports to £137,206, the balance being in favour of tho former to the extent of £373,842. Tho Imports of specie amounted to £19,000 in gold. Among the items of colonial produce exported wo notico tho following : Gold, 4.2GÜ0Z. ; chaff and hay, 90 tons ; live stock- horses, 100 No. ; sheep, 4,500 No. ; onions, 3 tons : tallow, 80 tons ; vegetables, 10 tons ; wool, C33,7701b. The following tablo gives the imports and exports for the first six weeks of the year, as compared with the cor- responding weeks of 1808 :-_ Week ending. Imports. 1803. Exports. 1804. Foi). £ 170,403 438,711» 221,440 410,102 197,444 467,073 805,417 307,094 313,858 329,893 250,739 610,008 G23.001 102,003 650,125 117,733 190,005 142,220 £ 145,342 242,394 100,27« 443,801 835,603 187,200 1,800,272 2,204,214 1,041,418 1,420,748 During the first period, tho account stood Importa .. .. .'. ., £1,890,272 Exporta .1,041,41« Balanco of Imports over export» £254,854, During tho second period : Importe .£S,20i,21t ExporU .I,420,T4S Balanco of Import« over oxporta ,. £78S,4»» The following ii a statement of the stock» In bond at the port of Melbourno on the 20th Pebruary -Brandy, OOllJhhds 84 269 cases rum, 1,090} hhds 1,070 CBBOS, geneva, 22 hhds, 162,802 red cases, 4 870 green cases, whiskey, 1,084 hhds 25,098 caBea, gin, sweetened, 110 hhds. 0,23d cases , cordials, 1644 cases. Bpirlts of wine, 195} hilda., other spirits, 123} hhds 10,272 cai-cs wine, 6 436} hhdB 16890 cases, beer, 4,891} hhda 8742 cases and casks, tobacco, manufactured, 141 half tierces, 887 quarter tierces and kcga, 4 658 three quarter boxes and boxes, 2,518} caBes , do, unmanufactured, 141 hhds and caBks, 12 cases, 2,472 bales and bundles, cigar?, 790} cases snuff, 58 packages , toa, 19,467 chests, 32031 half chests, 26055 boxes, malt, 1675 bags, coffee, 614 bags, 138 tierces and casks, 670 barrels, sugar, Mauritius, 08100 bags, de, Manilla, 1651 bagá, do, Java, 645 bags, other, 154523 bags, 241 casks and cases, molasses, 366 hhde , chicory, 739 packages , opium, prepared, 6,759 lb , do unprepared, 167 lb , dried fruit», 4,304 packages , hops, 460 pocket», 9 bales, rice. 14723 bags, 7 barrel*, colonial spirits, 1,660. hhds A half yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Australasian Insurance Company was held on the 4th last, at which the report of the directors and tho balanco sheet were brought up and unanimously adopted Both these statements were of a character to as sure the proprietary of tho stability of thoir investment Aftor paying losses on the half year of £28000 tho net (profits amounted to £28889 Of this sum it was resolved that £2,500 should bo appropriated to a dividend at the rate of ten per cent per annum on the pa'd up capital, and £1,889 to the credit of un applied profits '1 ho sum of £25,000 waa voted as a bonus to be capitalized pro raia JOT the foundation of a branch devoted to life insurance The establishment of a hfo branch has been frequently discussed, and has now been istablibhed Since the diparture of the last mail for England, tho following sales of station pro pertiee have been effected -'I ho Kotupua station, on the Goulburn with 7,500 sheop, ] 126 head of cattle, and 126 horses, for £18600, on terms The Murtee station, on the Kiver Darling New South Wales, the pro- perty of Mr Joseph Smith, of Bathurst, to SlesBrs Ayro and Martin, with 9400 sheep and 1,500 cattle, for tho sum of £18 690 Terms- One third cash, remainder at one, two and three years, bearmg eight per cent interest The stations in the Murrum bidgee distncts, New bouth Wales known as Toon Boon and Murunna, with 28 000 sheep nnd 1 000 cattle for the sum of £80,300 cash The Kulkyne Stations, on tho Lower Murray, to Mesfrs Leslie, Ross, and Co The Craw ford Station near Branxholme, in tho Western District together with 11,000 sheep, for the sum of £14 000 sterling, usual term.3 The Arcadia Station on the Goulburn, with 10,000 sheep and 700 head of cattle, to Mr Archibald M Millan, for the sum of £15 000, and the North Wakool Station, without stock, to Mr J B Granes, the price not men tioncd. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT Tho Arfeus Office, Tuesday Ev <-ning Tbe import market since the receipt of the last nail has presented a liveher aspect A steady trido demand has sustained ti o j rices of most descriptions of goods, and for those sorts of which stocks had ?worked moderately low spciulatlio purchasoi luto «nhanccd tho values. Shipping orders, although aumcrous, ha> c not been so lar(,c Ilia cessation of .migration to the Now ¿caland feold fields tho lar¿e return of diggers thenco, and tho continued jiroi pcrity of our own gold districts, havo Mien an iin petus to tho country trado, and business generally appears to bo settling down to a healthier condition thau has for a long time been n| parent Experience kau produced caution, and, although the trado pur «hases aro chiefly limited to parcels of gooda for dlroct «onsumption, buj era being constantly in the markots firts moro animation to business The intelligence hy the Northam delivered on 13th hist, had a rather favourable effect on tho Bcvcral articles of which llyit til pmcntH were reported as having been mado , al though in some mcisuro counterbalanced hy tho augmented exports to the uciehbourlii), colonies Ino amount of stocks on hand is hen ever, mostly ample, and, until considerably reduced, no ad vaneo of auj note on current prices can bo looked for, although advices of continued moderato ship rocntfl may servo to maintain rates and strengthen the condition of our market« Tho several fall ure« which have occurred lu»o had but little or so connexion with commercial matters, and hive been almost without an exception, of unimportant «tent Tho occasional hcav) rains and unusuallv »mettled-weather have in some degrco op crated pro Judicially against business, hut altogether trade may be considered In a healthy state, willi no appearance of a re lap e into Its lite dull inactive condition so long as tluprucnts remain of reasonable oxtcnt With these remarks we | roccod to more detailed particulars of the leading ¡mi orted articles of consumption Ale and stout, in bulk, Uav o remained dull and nog lected throughout tho month The very unusual »eather for tho beason of tho year has chocked con munition, and a desiro to clo ir outlast year s brew lugs of alo has bv forcing largo parcels off by auc lion, depressed prices generally, tho rates procured ui der tho han mer being; in many Instances execs .iv el} low Hottlcd beers have also continued in but limited demand Th» inferior condition of a consl dcTuldu portion of the stocks of bottled ale koa not only caused prices to rule low, but prevented transac lions Stout has been in btendy but limited inquiry The announcement of Hie short shipments of Novan 1 er nnd December lins had some llttlo Influence on the market, mid for veil conditioned parcels of ap- proved brands there is moro ready talc at slightly advanced prices Quotations aro ~AloaudPorter(duty paid) -Ale-kew Brewery Co , Carlisle £0 10a to £CI 10« Bass s I\o 3 LO 6s to £5 10s , Allsopp H. £5 to £8 5s , other llurton brew era, LO to ti 10s , Joule s, iO to ¿010s per lilli! tennent s £410s Bj ass s, bot tied, Os Gd tolls ud London and Colonial Co s,l)s to it ¿d , Allsopp s, 0s 8d to Os Gd other bottlers, Ss id to Os Stout -Best brands ¿5 5s to £515s , other brewers £5 per lilli Dublin stout bottled, Os to Ss Od , Bj ass B 8s Od to 0s , london and Colonial Companj s 0s , Barclay s, bottled by Friend, quarts, is dd to Os Od , other bottlers, 7s Od to 8s Od per dozen Bacon and Hams have been in limited inquiry only Shipping demand has in great mcasuro ceased and tho season liebig nganibt any Improved local «msumptlon, ] rices have becomo Billilly easier Quotations aro -Yorkshire or Wiltshire hains lid to 12d , Irish (Sinclairs) 14d to 14jd , Cocys, lid to 13}d Rowan s, bellies (bacon) 12Jd to 13d , Sinclairs, 13d to HJd , IVarings, 12JU , Moffatts, 12Jd por lb , pork (Irish), £6 to £6 Os per barrel, beef, JL3 16s to £4 per tierce Bats and Bagghg- Thrco hiislicl lags hi\o con tinued iu steady request, and the small supplies for warded have tended further to adianco prices Sales have been effected at 20s per dozen, and hierher rates are now sought for Gunnies also art of ready sale, and hold for 13s, selling quotations being 11s Od to 12s per dozen In wool bogs a spurt occurred, but 1 as died out, and, the season of demand boing passed, the quotations aro almost nominal at from Os to 0s id each for full w ckjit packs Butter, until the arrival of the mall with the Intel llgcnce of tho great falllng-off in shipments, remained quito neglected, tho ample Buppllcs and low prices of fresh made shutting Imported sorts out of demand, except for re shipment A rolly in prices has, lion .ver, since occurred, and salos are reported at and .lightly »\ er lid per lb , but, with plentiful supplies ef freshly potted offering at from 8u to Od. per lb, the advance named Is scarcely likely to bo maintained at this season of tho year Candios havo been without Improvement in prloos, and In i cry moderate Inquiry, until within tho liest day «r two, when ordos for the Sydney market have «cited a temporary Inquiry, and sales of foreign made have changed hands more readily at slightly lutter price«. Trade demand is, however, still very .lull, and no general improvement In prices can bo reported Quotations aro -Kew» stoarino, lid , Belmont«, lOJd to lOJd. foreign full weight«, lOd. to lMd , do light, 8d to 8id per lb (Jam as of limited salo for assorted numbera Best »avy quoted at lud tol2Jd per yard. Cement la in but moderato inquirí, and prices rather easier Portland Is quoted at 16s to 15« Od , Boman, 12s Od to 13s. Od., American plaster, 14a. to 15s per barrel Chceee, of good descriptions and well conditioned, meets steady salo at from lal to 12|d por lb In ftrior sorts difficult of sole at even lownguroa. Gouda, «id to g;d per lb Coffoo and Chicory -The mail odv lees have cauBod a batter feeling In coDco, and tho bulk of ittockB being in f«w hands, is held for higher rates The rosiduo of the cargo of plantation Ceylon ex Huton, about 25 tens, wa« last weok placed at Hld per lb Holders of Java now ask 13d. for fins somplos Native Ceylon Is In light supply, and w orth lOJd to lOJd Chicory remains in moderate demand at unaltered ratos Quotations are-{In bond) Ceyltn plantation, 12d to IJJd , nativo, lOjd to 10J<1 , Java, lid. to 12d. Chicory, best sorts, 8Jd to 8j<l per lb Confectlcnerv -Bales aro conOncd to limited piroola .f well assorted kinds which bring 100. to lOJd per lb Candied peel dull or Bale, -quoted at 12}d to 12ld per lb Cordage -Tho late improved demand for Manilla rope appears to hove been supplied, and tho market Is again Inactivo for this and other descriptions Soam Ii g twino continues in tolerably busk demand, and quit« firm in price Quotations aro-Luropo ropo, ¿30 to £35 Manilla (iin to 4ln ), £50 to £63, Bnsslan, £37 to £40, Calcutta lines, £42 to £43 per ton, twino, seaming and roping, 14jd to 14Jd. per lb Drugs and Chemicals -Opium continues at lost quotations, but tho transactions in this drag aro nearly «mined to tho Chlneso traders, and tho contraband business presumed to havo been cptoiislvoly carried .n causes but few sales to bo effected by European imiortcrs Soda crystals havo at length improved. Bales aro reported at £10 17s od to £11, and holders aro looking for a further ndv anec Caustic soda con tlnucs dull of talc, although holders aro firmer in 1 rices Carbonato of soda nnd tartarlo acid uro quito neglected Hour of sulphur vor) dull Castor oil easier, tales reported at 4s od to 4s, Od Quotations aro -nour of sulphur, 17s Od to 18s per cwt , car 1 onate of soda, 17s to 18a pçrcwt , castor oil, 4s Od to 4s Od per gallon, soda crj stals, £10 17s Od to ill caustic soda, £10 to ¿1010s , sodaash, £10, nul phurleacld, 4d per lb , opium, Patna, £240 to £250 per chebt, prepared, 33s to 33s (ki per canister, duty paid ' ' Fish (dried and salted) -Inquiry has «omowhat Ira proved. Lut no amciidmcnt in prices can ho reported Quotations aro -Ling, of primo quality, 43d to «d , hcrrlngB, -white, 0s per firkin, 23« to 24s per half. barrel, red 28« to 30s per doun two-do¿cn tins, mackerel, 6s Od to 0i Od per half kit Flour and Grain -Tho flour market has been very unsettled, and still remains partially no, the cloie- of the j car felt tho markot nearly baro of BUXJC, and tho reports immediately following of serious injury to, and in many Instances tbo destruction of, our own crops in Bovcral districts, induced tho forwarding of lar(,o orders to tho South Australian market for sup plies A rapid advance in prices set In hero, and his resulted lu miníente shipments being poured in from Adelaide feo long, however, as tho arrivals only keep pace with tho demand the current rates will In all probability be maintained, but as soon as stock, once commence to accumulate a decline will doubtless ciiBue, and which will be hastened should unlooked for arrivals from California, whero heavy crop3 and low prices aro repoitcd, como to lund Wheat Is scarce, and offering only In comparatively small quantities Horse ccd generally is dull of solo al though, owing to the heavy Hoods reported in Now South Wales, umbra Is impro\ ed, and holders aro ask lug luther rates Oats havo declined in price, and arc In but moderate demand, tho several cargoes from ban Francisco to tills and tho neighbouring ports havo not only provided temporary exccsslvo supplies, but caused a feeling of uncertainty as to tho quantities to follow from the same quarter Best samples of colo ulai grown oro not worth ahovo is Od , and for Scotch and irish demand is dull, not abov o 3d Gd being procurable for oven small parcels It is reported tint largo sales Of Oornian and Danish havo boon ofect ed this v, eck, but at falling rates Barley is In but little inquiry Dran, owmt to tho email supply of w heat, is somewhat barely supplied, and maintains its price Oatmeal in fair trado demand, at a rcduc tlon of £2 per ten on last mouth s prices Quo tatlons aro-Flour, ¿IO to £17 per 20001b Wheat, Os 4<L to Cs Od per bushel Oats, colonial, 4B 3d to 4s Gd , Irish and bcoU.li, 3i Gd , Danish, 3s Od , Californian, 4s to 4s 3d Barley, malting, 4H Od to fs 3d Maizo, 4s Od per bushel Gram, ¿1.2 por ton Uran, Is 8d jicr bushel Colonial oatmeal, £20 per ton Fi uiU (Dried) -Tho supply of fresh sorts produced hy the mild season In profusion, and of fino flavour, has quite driven tho table sorts of dried fruits out of request, and tho inquiry is consequently almost ion lined to pudding raisins and curiants In the latter thero havo been spéculât! v o purchases, but tho do maud lins settled down to trade requirements Quo talions aro -Apples, 6d to OJd , currant«, 4^d to 4¿d , Muscat! 1 raisins (layers), 7Jd to Sd Ca]ie raisins, Cid to OJd , I lemo, OJd to Oid , Sultana 7d to7jd , turkey figs, 0d per lb, duty paid, almond«, 14d tolCd peril» Hops aro again very dull of salo Quotations aro -1803, Is Oil to Is 7d per lb , duty pild , ]fcU2, Is to Is 2d Old growth dUllcult of salo at oven \cry low Atures Malt -Inquiry has lessened during tho month, and although tho firmness of holders has sustained the prices for best samples, quotation» aro hardly so Arm, and. with our own season for inaltint setting in, not likely to improve Quotations aro Us to Os 3d , but no bales of extent have lately been reported at thoso figures Metals havo undergone scarcely any chango, either In demand or prieo Corrugated galvanized, from its tcncral use, finds a steady demand, hut of Insufficient extent to beneficially inllucnee ita value Itodand bar iron are now so generally imported by the whole t-ile houses as almost to Hhut other receivers out of the market Pit Iron has advanced, and improving prices arc still loi ked for Um pintes arc dull of sale, and, notwithstanding reduced shipment«, where, KULI aro effected an advanco on invoice prices is bal ely ob- tainable bhcet lead is quito neglected and prices still drooping Quotations aro-Morowood s patent corni gated galvanised tinned, 21 and 20 tangos, £32 per ton, Morcwood s corrugated galvanized, Ivo 2, or un tinned, ¿34 do Tupper s do, ¿14 do , Hamiltons or other 1 ngllsh maker s, ¿31 do , S-otch, £20 do , Morevvoods fcalv.inlzcil tinned plain, 2IS and 28 tauges, £30 do , Tupper s or other Ln(,lish makers, £34 do , Scotch do, £28 to £.10 do , rod and bar, 1 est Staffordshire branilB, 131511, £10 to , Scotch, £9 do , plate;, £13 do , sheet, as sorted, £14 to £10 do , antlo and T, £11 do , hoop, £12 do , pig, £1 to £1 Cs do , bwedish, no sales Lead - Pipo, assorted sizes, £27 pei ton, sheet, milled, assorted, £25 10s do , shot, assorted, ¿ 0 fatccl-llliBtcr, ¿2 5B perewt , cast, £2 10s do Tin-Block, Is Od to IB Od per lb , plates, charcoal, 1C, plates, charcoal, IX, 2J to 5 per cent adv ince Wire-Fencing, black, £14 per ton , galvanized ríos 1 to 0, £18 to £20 do iiinc-llollod, light, £23 per ton , do, nails, £2 8s to £2 10s per cvrt Oils generally show no inq rovement in prices Demand is as a matter of course steady w ith tho larte consumption cxlatlng Quotations aro -Kerosene, best brands, Ss 4d to Sa (k1 , Unseed, Sa to 5s Od , Chinese, 5s 8d to 6s Od , colza, (Is , turpentine, 10s, tolls per tallon Oilmen's Stores - Thumb blue and starch liave hnprov ed, and aro quoted at higher rates Bottled fruits and Jams arc In lessened demand and easier in prlco owing to tho supplies of fresh fruits and Jams of colonial manufacture Belling at lower rates than lui ported, pickles havo been in moderato request, but in other articles under this heading thero has been no oc llvllj Quotations oro -Bluo, thumb, OJd tolOJd per lb . curry powder, quarts, 12s Od to 13s per dozen, fruits, bottled, quarts, 10B Od to 11s do , jims and Jellies, lib tins, Os Gd to 10s do , lobsters, lib tins, American, 7s to7f Gd do , macaroni, 8d per lb ,vcr micelli, white, Naples and Genoa, 8Jd do , mustard, In bulk, No 2, 7Jd to 7Jd do , do in lib bottles, 11s to 12s per dozen, do In Jib bot ties, 7B 6d do , oystcrB, preserved, lib tins, 11s to lit per dozen pickles, pint«, 7s to 8s do , «alad oil, pints, 11s Oki to lia per dozen, d» , half pints, 0s lid to 7s do , salmon, preserved, lib tins, Ids to lCs do sardines, halves, 8s Gd to Os do , quarters, 5s Gd to fls do , sauces, assorted, half I nits, 0s do , do Worcestershire (I ea and Perrins ), 12s to 12s Gd do starch (Colman s), 42d por Ib , vinegar, brown (Champions 24), 2s to 2s 3d jier gallon , do , concentrated, quarts, 0s Od to 10s por dozen , white wine, Is Od to Is Od per gallon Paints and colours, not» ¡tlistamllnt the small ox ports, are very dull Best v, hltelcad quotod at from 01s to34p , rcdlcud, 23s to 25s perewt Pitch and tar aro still in scarcely any request Stockholm tar is quoted at 34s, and pitch at 60s per barrel Pov» dor had, previously to tho moll advices, taken a better position, and holders have, i ince the small ci tent of shipments has transpired, advanced their de mauds Best brands of bla-stuig ore not procurable under OJd to lOd per lb Quicksilver has been in increased inquiry, and a steady advance In price has ensued, holders' prices ruling at fi oin 2s 3d to 2s 4d per lb Rice -Transactions have been confined to modo rate extent, holders being unwilling to submit to lower prices A dcsiro to clear out old parcels is, however, exhibited, and by auction to-day í'atna was placed, by no means rcodllv, at £21 is per ton, duty j aid , Java, dressed quoted at £20 to £27 per ton Salt his been quite neglected, and hangs hciv ily on hand For Liverpool fino, not abovo£410u per ton can bo quoted, nor £3 5s to £310s for coarse Slates are considerably overstocked, and dull of dle I osai at tho following quotations - Duchess, ¿16 IOs , and countess, ¿12 10s per 1,000 Sugars have been well supported, and pncei steadily sustaniD J Hie trade have been BOIIIOH hat shy of pur- chasing to any extent, but large speculative trtmsac tloiiB ha\ o taken place at very full rates The intclli genco received from Mauritius yesterday, per Sarah, has further tended to strengthen prices and consider oblo sales aro reported privately at advanced rates Quotations aro-(duty paid) Cobiiporo, No 1, ¿57, ho 2, £54 to £fr>, Mauritius whlto crystals, £48 to ¿fO , yellow do , £44 to £46 , good t) fino counter sorts, £.42 lo £40, low to fine brown, £34 to £38 per ten Spirits -Tho market has been dull and unsettled Tor tho most preferred sorts of brandlos, both dark and i ale, tho demand has been tolorably stead) , prices, however, even of these descriptions, aro by no means firm, and for inferior to low descriptions thoro is no inquiry nor filed price Tho sale of the wrecked largo ex Iquiquc, how ov or, sold remarkably well, tho prices In somo Instances being In oveess of thoso ro quired for sound parcels of samo braids Hennessy s pole brandy In caso is in good inquire, and realizes 29s to 30s per case Oencv a continues lu steady demand. Kum is in ra tier better inquiry Whiskcj and old tom aro still in very limited request Quotations are - (In Bond) -Brandy-Kartell's, dark tis Od to 8s Od , pole. OB Gd to Os Od lier gallon, Hennessy s do , Be 3d to 8s Od , pale, 10s per gallon , Otara s, 8s , United Vlnej ard Proprietors Company s do, 8s to 8s 3d , Chanipagno Vinci ard Proprietors Com nany's do , Ss , palo, Os , Vinogrowcrs, 7s Bd to 8s , Leger 1 reres, 7s Od to 8s , other brands, do, Ss Od to It , palo, Hennessy s, 20s to 80s, per dozen case, United Vinoj ord Proprietors', SO» \ incgrov» ers', 2Ss , Chanipagno Vineyard Proprlo tors Companys, Ne , Leger rteres', 21s to 22s , Clouzcaus l8« to 10s Gonova - JDKZ, or key brand, 0s Od to Os Od per case ; do, do , Os Od to OB. Bd per half- case, do, other brands, 8s Gd to Os per case -Gin-London old tom, best brands, 2s 10a to 8s. per gallon, do do , 15s per dozen Rum-Last India, 20 to JO o p , 1B 6d to 2s Sd per gallon , West India, 10 to li o p , 2s Sd ta 3s do , do 20 to 30 o p, Ss 3d to 8s M do Whiskey-Irish, Melon's, 3s Od. do , Scotch best, Ss Od to Ss lOd do , do , best brands, 11s to 12s. per dozen case Timbor-Transactions In this market are still M limited extent Prices of deals hare, however, al length shown Improvement, and tho bulk of the ¡nú- cela ex O F Patton by auction realised from 4)d te Sid. per foot for 0 x 0 American lumber, T and G la quoted at £8 10s to £0 Clear pino, £11 10s. te £14 per 1,000ft ßcoteh flooring, 0 x 1,10s to 11s per 100ft. One inch shelving, ¿0 10s to £10 pel 1,000ft. Oregon timber (square), £0 lOe to £7 6s Tobacco, since the arrival of tho mall, has boee [ extensively dealt In, and large parcels of (rood de scriptions havo changed hands at advanced prices inferior sorts aro, however, in no repute, and the latt arrivals of Northern kinds being generally of this de scription, rather enhance tho value of really gow qualities Quotations are (m bond) -Ten's, Northern Is 7d to Is lOd , Southern, 2a. id to 2s lOd. , liar ratt s twist, 5s 8d to 5s Od por Ib , cigars, Manilla Ko 2, G7B (!d to 70s , Swiss, cigars, 80s to 88s pei 1,000 Ten -Messrs J Kvorard and Co report of thli market--' The arrivals since our losthaveInclude* the Mary Miller, from Hong Kong, on the 25th Janu ary, and the Belle, from Foo Chow, on the 20th, at Mel bourne ; the Narciss, at Sydney, on the 20th January at Adelaide, tho Greyhound, on tbo Oth February hhc left a portion of her cargo, and has since sallee for Sydney The disposition evinced to push ofi common to good common congou at tho date of oui last circular continued till nearly the middle of the month, and for the time thero appeared to be a panic among holders, apparently competing with each othci as to who should sell the lowest, and sev eral parocli of low 1 oo-Chow leaf and common mode Tayshant were sold in half chests as low as Od per lb Thi¡ competition, however, has nineo ceased, and the market has taken an upward Btart for the de Bcriptious that havo been most depressed flic public sales havo comprised tho following - iibruory 2 -0(5 packages per Brilliant, and 728 pack ages per Kcc]*ako, wero sold, all faults, at full rates february 3 -Tbo cargo of the Jessie Beazley, at th« auction ono chop of rather strong and brisk burnt sold at Is lid , about previous quotations, ono chop ol good ordinary at lid , being about Id cheaper, G0C boxes of clean common congou at 1B ljd., being ljd cheaper, scented caper reported at 2s Afterward! 1,400 boxes of cood rather blackish leaf congou sold at Is 4 Jil , good common Foo Chow scented orange pekoe at Is Od., also about 1,000 half-chests very ordinary low congou at 7d., preferable to ordinary al vjd , also a quantity of very low Tayshan congou, lu half cheats and boxes, and some Canton gunpowder al about Old to 7d On tho samo day some middling ti good middling hyson sold, per Notes, at 2s lid ; and lomcucarlyniiddlingjounguysouatls lOd tola lljd February 1 -610 packages of Canton mado hysonskui and congou rold all fault*, tho former at ljd to "Id , the latter al 3¡d to 7d r el ruar) 0 -Tho cargo of tho Belle was put up to audio», and during tho «ile, and afterwards privately, tho following pnces were obtained -lor very ordinary congou, in leilf clieste, Gd , preferable to ordinary, In elicits and half chests, Od to lOil , good ordinary lo but middling, 10 j d to Is CJd ' blackish leaf coarse burnt,' and 'blackish leaf, rather flavoury,' 1» k1 to Is lil , ' blackish leaf rithir strong and brisk,' Is 5Jd , and some * black leaf flavoury congou,' In boxes, at le 8il , being a decline all round on previous ra'es I ebruary 10 -091 packages, damaged, per IVeit minster Ilysonsklns sold at ljd to 4Jd , scented orango pekoe, lOd and gunpowder, GJd February 10, at Geelong-One third of the cargo per Bello was put up and nearly half sold at the prices rilling in Melbourne tho previous week lehru «ry 17 -0 048 packages, per Balder and Ism) r, chiefly boxis, were sold at or alter the sale, at tho following rites -Common pouchong, 7Jd , 610 boxes of low rather faint scented orango pekoe, at Is 3d to Is 3Jd 1,000 boxes fa) shan kind souchong, at Is 2d to Is 3d 1,000 boxes of low C mton gun powder, at SJd to lid , COO half-chests, preferable lo ordinary congou, at lOd , 128 half chests, very low and faint, at Ud 42 boxes good long lear Canton scented orango i ckoo at 2s OJd , and 1,000 packaios of damaged, per Balder, at tkL to Is 2d Also, COO half-chests rather flavoury congou at Is 2jd At this sale an advance of fully 2d was mode on low congou, afterwards considerable sales w oro made, which confirmed the rise February 22 -SOO flick »gis damaged per Jessie Beazlo), sold at from CJd to Is 6Jd for congou, scented orango pekoo, Is OJd , and seented caper, Is lOd Somo very badly damaged and caked sold at from OJd to Is per lb Black Teas-A very heavy business has been dono during the month In congou, chiefly common to good common grades, at a declino In some Instances of fully 4d per lb on last month s quotations After the salo of the cargo per Helle, and some small lots per Mary Hiller, the market commenced to Improve I ho first rcsultwas the salo of the low congous per Bilder »tan advance of fully Id per lb on tim low est ratos, which has been followod up by other largo transac lions, resulting In the recovery of fully one half of the fall w hich occurred tho first fortnight of the month Gooa ordinaiy to but middling congous have also boen sold at easier rates In other descriptions the bus! netsdoncprlvatcyhas been fully up to tho previous month, both as to quantity and prlco ?Scented orango pekoes aro if anvthliir, rather better Very low and faint, but little nconted, havo Bold at 1B 3d to Is 3Jd , good long Canton leaf, well tcentcd, at Is lid to 2s OJd , good common Foo Chow leaf, at Is Od., and preferable to middling nehly scented, at 2s 2d and 2s 3d Oreen Teas - liot much chance borne fine h)Som havo been sold w Ithout rct.cn e at 2s 1 Jd , and ucarly middling young li} sons at Is 10d to Is lljd , being low rates, con Bldenng the quality Canton greens arc awaiti down Id to 3d per lb, with a cr) slow salo Compared with the previous month, our markol closes with a decline of ljd to 2d per lb on v cry ordinary congou, Id to ljd on ordinary , lu on good ordinary . and on low Xrysuans, Id to ljd per lb , Id. per lb on h) sonskm , and Al lo 3d on low Cant* n gunpowder Wines continuo quito inanimate Low ports and sherries have been in limited inquir) , Bupenor kinds In scarcely any request Tho advanced BOOBOU doters transactions in summer wines, and the increased uso of colonial manufactured tends to lessen tho value of this clabs of imported kinds MELBOURNE MARKETS. »TUESDAY, FED, 23 Tim JIitLS-Trade demand for flour continues brisk, and quite sustains pnces Wheat still conies forward blowl), although in good request Quotations are -rino silk-drcsscd flour, £10 to £17 per 2,OO01b , for new pollard, 1» lOd , bran, l8 8d per bushel, oatmeal, £20 per ton BÉTAIL If AMIETS -Butchers Meit -Boef, 4d to Od per lb , mutton, 3Jd to 5d do (a-cording to quality), veal, 7d to8d do , pork, 8jd to Od do Poultrj - Turkeys, 8s to 12s each, geese, 11s to 13s per pair, ducks, Gs to 7s do , fowls, 5s to 0« do , rabbits, 4s to OB per brace, butter, fresh, Is to Is 2d per lb , cheese, Is to Is Id do , eggs, 2s to 2s 3d per dozen, bread, 8d tho 41b loaf, milk, Od to 7d per quart BAVMARKFT-Prime hay Is Bcarco, and tho few loads at market sold readily at lull quotations Info rlor andjstaincd sorts aro largely over supplied, and dull of sale Quotations are -Best, £U to £7 16s , inferior, no fixed prlco, straw, £2 to £210s TABitK». ÜAUB1T-The bupply on Saturday of fruit and vegetables was abundant, and a good bus! ness was dono 1 oultry w as somewhat In excess of tho demand Tho prices obtained were as fe How -Vege tables -BcanB, broad Id per lb , ilo, kidney, ljd to 2d por lb , bcct.Od to Is per dozen, bouquets, 4s to 10s per dozen, cabbages, Gd to Od per dozen, carrotB, 8d to Is per dozen bunches, or 3s to 4s Cd I cr cw t , celery in Od to 4s per dozen bunches, cress, w nter, 8d to la per dozen bunches, cucum hers, prickly, 3d to 1B per dozen, do , lory splno, Is (k1 to A Od per dozen, garlic, 2d to 4d per lb , horseradish, 3s to Os per dozen sticks , lavender, Is per dozen bunches, lettuce, (Id to Od per dozen, marjoram, Od per dozen bunches, mint, Od per dozen bunches, onions, dried, Us (k1 to 7s Od. per cw t , do , green, Od per dozen bunches , parsley, Is per dozen bunches, parsnips, Is to Is ed. per dozen bunches, peas, 2d to ¿jd per lb , potatoes, )oung, os to Cs (k1 per cwt , pumpkins, la each, radish, 4d to Gd per dozen bunches, rhubarb, Oct. to 1B Od per dozen bunches, Bago, 1B per dozen , th)mc, Od per dozen bunches, turnips, Od to 1B per dozen bunches, tomatoes, 4d to 7d per lb , vcgetablo marrow B, IS per dozen Fruits -Applos, Id to (id per lb , damsons, 2Jd. to 3d ]>er lb , water melons, Od each, mulberries, Gd to Is per lb , nectarines, 3d to Is per dozen, peaches, Id. to li per dozen , pears, ljd to 4d per lb plums, 2d to 3d pel lb Dalry Produce- Butter, lOd tola per lb , cheehc, Sd per lu , ducks, 5s Gd to Gs Gd per pair , eggs, Is 8d to Is Od. per dozen, geese, 8s. to 10s 1 or pair , lions, 4s Gd to 5B per ]»ir , honey, Od per lb , pigeons 2s Od per i air, rabbits, ¿a per ¡air , turkojs, 11s to 20s per pair ^\ OOL, 1ALLOW, AKD HIDES -Mossrs R. Golds brough) and Co report - Wool - During tho month activ e operations hav e been w eil sustained, and out of a total of 10,890 bales catalogued at the public BJICB, about 10,000 bales havo changed hands, at prices which, generally speaking, havo been satis factory to growcis At the date of our lost summary the English mall had arrived with advices of the pro grcsbion of the November eales In hondón, at rates scarcely BO favourable as had been anticipated, hut the result of this news on the colonial market hod not been tested bj a salo at auction Whon this took place, it bociimo evident that growers had decided to meet tho market by making a slight concession in I rico, and as bu)crs were prepared to purchase at these limits considerable; sales were clfcctod, and In the courf e of a fow da) s wo had tho pleasure of placing over 5,000 hales lins unproved tone of the market has been well maintained up to the present date, and the quantity offering for sale is gradually becoming [more limited, under the spirited oiora tlons of bu)crs, but there is still a considerable quantity in blore which cannot be placed until ownerB limit« aro slightly reduced Compared with tho previous month, prices for washed lleoco havo not bhown uii) material alteration, but on Inferior to average greasy, of which a largo quantltj has been In the mnrkct wo muBt quoto a declino of fully Jd per pound 1 ho result of last season B operations has had the effect of Inducing extremo caution on the part of hu) ers, and certainly throughout this season they have kept btcadlly to their limits, and would not pur chase even when largo quantities might havo been bought at within a shade of their valuations Growers, however, have no reason to complain at the rates ob tallied for their produce, as quotations have ap proxlmatcd fully in proportion to those of tho London market, leaving them the gainers m being secured from all the risks attendant on shipment to a distant market The following ships have cleared for liighnd sinco our lost Bummary - 1664 -January .28, Great Britain, from Holbourne for Liverpool, 1,833 bales , 1- cbruarj 4 Dov cr Castle, from IIelbourno for London, 2,034 bales, February 0, Red Hour, from Holbourne for London, 8,807 bales , 1 ebruary 11, Champion of the Seas, from Geelong for London. 0,750 balea , robruary IO, West minster, from Melbourne for London, 2,601 bale« , February 20, Lincolnshire, from Melbourne for London, 1,453 bales , February 21. Kosciusko, from Melbourne for London, 3,053 halos, í obruary ¿2, Chrysolite, from Holbourne for London, 8 588 bales , February 24, Bcnaros, (rom Melbourne for London. 3,048 balee , total, 20,141 bales, previous shipments, 62,583 bales, total, October li, to date, 81,724 bales Price« Current -Greasy, Inferior to ordinary, 7d to 8d , ordinary to average, Od to lud ; good to superior, lOd to 1B OJd Fleece, Inferior to ordiuary, Is Sd to 1B od , ordinary to average, IB Gd lo Is 8d , good to superior, 1B Od to Is lid Scourod, ordinary, for London with a cargo of about 19,000, principally . on eui era' account, and the Australian and Chr) sólita will probably take about 8,000 more Tho export from this colon) has docroasod very materially duruig the past two vcars, In couscquouco of the great spread of that fatal disease, pleuro pneumonia, wnich hu not only greatly thinned the herds, but also diminished consumption lor tho few lots offering, prices aro well sustained at last quotations Tallow -During tho mouth several shipments have boen rnado to tho home market, principally on owners' account Amongst them aro-Great Britain, 200 casks , Dover Castle, 145 casks, Lincolnshire, 245 casks Total, 500 casks Quotations aro -Beef, £28 to £32 . mixod, £30 to £33, and mutton, £34 to £30 per ton " LABOUR MABS.IT -Farming operations at tills season of tho year being almost suspended, tho inquiry for labour lor the agricultural district«!» light for stations also thcro 1B but little demand Married couplos have of late been in but limited requisition, and for mon servants the demand Is almost confined to cooks for hotels, grooms, and walters Fcnialo Bcrvant« aro scarcely in tho customary inquiry, the demand being almost entirely restricted to thoroughly competent servants, with respectable references Young women unaccustomed to sen ice have difficulty in procuring situations Seamen B w-ages ranfo from £4 to £410s per month for coasting, and £4 10B. to £5 for distant voyages Able hands are in better buppl), and about equal to tho requirements EXPORTS From tho Port of Melbourne from the ICth January to the 14th February, 1804. com- pared with the corresponding period of 1868. Value*. Quantities. Agricultural lm plómenla Alkali-Soda, tons Antimony ore, do Apparel and «lops Arms and smmu nltion . Bags and Backs Bark, toni Beer Bottled, gala. . Draught, do Biscuit, tena Black sand, do Blankets and wool lena 1863 £ 200 MO 000 8,650 197 3,082 247 4,314 1,405 2,514 589 4,040 d40 0,(13« 61,630 8,118 1.2301 2,0351 - 0,523 25,725 Cones, tons Boats, Ne. Books Boots and «hoes. Bran, bushels . Bricks, No. Brushware Building materialtl Butter, tons Candles, do. Canvas Carnages, carte, ¡ ko. Casks, empty .. Cornent Cheese, toni Chicory .. Chlnawaro Coals, tons Cocoa and cbooo fi late, lb. Coffee Confectionery .. Copper, ton« Copperware Cordage, tons .. Corks .. .. Cottons .. Cutlery .. Drapery Drugs DrugsrisU.' ware.. Earthenware Kegs f.. Fancy goods Fish Salted, tom .. Preserved Flax .. Flour, ton« Fruit Dried .. Green, buehila. Furniture Class Bottle«.. Class wore.. Gold, ounces drain Barley, bushtlsl Gram, tons Malt, do. Maize, do. Oats, do. Wheat, do. Klee .. Grindery .. Haberdashery Uardwaro and ironmongery Hair, cwt. Hats and caps Hay, tons.. Hides, No. Holloware Hops Horns and hoofs., nosiery Ice, tons .. Inoiar libber goods Instruments Musical .. .. Scientific Iron and steel, toas JovveUery.. Kaolin, tons Lead, do. Leather, do. Lcathcrwaro Lime, bushels Linen Livo stock Pigs, No. Horses, do. Sheep, do. Machinery Matches ondvestts Mats and rugs Meal-Oat, tons.. Metal, yellow, do. Millinery Molasses Kails and s«revn,l tons Nets Nuts Oars OU. Oilmen's »torea ., Opium Onion«, tons Paints Paintings and en graving« Papcrhaugingí ,, Perfumery Photographic goods Pitch and tar ., Pipes, tobacco .. Plants and seeds.. Plate and plated ware Plumber»' war« .. Potatoes, tons .. Preserves Printing materlall Provisions Preserved Salted, toni .. Quicksilver Ballway material! Saddlery .. Sago, lb. Salt, tons.. Ehlpchandlcry .. Silks Skins Slates, No. Soap, ton» Specie, gold Spices Spelter, tons Spirits Brandy.. .. Cordials ain Of wine.. .. Perfumed Kum Whiskey .,, Undcscnbcd .. Starch and blue.. Stationery Steel, tens Etonontro Sugar falloir, tons 1803. £ 300 85 1,710 12,756 COI G3 438 1,172 1,100 1,427 880 S,C53 312 COS 1,1831 30 140 2,301 301 720 003 151 1,088 319 44,676 2,277 300 412 2,003 300 ; 2,000 30 13,748| 1,200 248 3,420 214 1,010 400,208 7,4711 33! 037 220 457 SOO' 8,640 11,800 51 138 ClOl 22G 72 181 563] 200 2,000 ! COB 280 ! 105 1,4031 20 ' 240; 30,912 2.295J 2,351 1,280 78 »0 2,340 2,(04 3,320 1,505 1,88ft 2,350 25,254 2,007 1,036 648,335 7,203 20 1,130 1,1701 8,74fc Quantities. 7,670 23,000 2,022 1,115 122,440 100 300 22,554 130! 8011 10,852 5,000 30,000 Tents and paulina.. Timber .. Tin. tar. Tinware .. Tobaoco .. Cig»rs .. Tobacconist»' vrarel Snuff Tools and utensil« Toys and turnery Turpentine and varnish, gals. .. Twice, cwt. Ylncrar, gala. Wati.hcs & clockgl Wine Woodcnware Wool, lb... Zinc, tons.. Undcscribed goods! 540 1,371 6.8C1 580' 300 130 20(1 2301 140 4521 387 820] 4,476 31 407 310 005 220 147 124,300 228 60 10,044 81 4,601 30 386 3,020 104 207 2,099| 146 16,547 4,870 25,3231 1,230 2,067 81 234 14,077 2,811 212! 1,046 791 20 60 SOO 6,068 203 139,378 10 3,167 400 3,310 12,050 4,027 1,077 26 220 1,100 6,936 3,450 1,470| 18,250 10,310 11,007 17 630 120 170 25,055 4,531j 1,001] 1,802 47,555 6,010 4,103 11,670 2,240 18,203 2,003 110 77 376 132 205,242 27,000] SHIPPING 03? THE MONTH. TORT OF MELBOURNE. AURIVJLLS JIKD CI.URJLVCES BUICK OUR LAST SUIllIlnT. [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; li., Hamburg ; N., Norwegian ; 8., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Bclg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Fr., Prussian ; le., Russian ; s., ship ; b., barque; br., brig; se., schooner; st., steamer.] Jan. AKttiVED. 20\. Johannes Antonius, D. s., 720, A. do Tofft T. d. Straats, Rotterdam.-Haegc and Prell. SO. Mary Miller, B. b., 430, J. Brown, Uonar Kong. Kong Meng and Co. SO. Ormelie, B. b., 672, J. Wylie, Leith.-Miller and Johnston. 20\. BeUe, B. b., 208, G. H. Wayman, Foo-Cliow-Too. -Smith, Strachan, and Co. 27\. Queensland, B. b., 414, If. Young, Calcutta.-B. Towns aud Co. 27\. Koh-i-noor, B. b., 280, J. Barrow, Batavia,-Vio 1 torla E ligar Company. 27\. Maria Ross, B. b., 374, Vi. Ros«, N«w York. Fisher, Klcanls, and Co. l8. Monteagle, B. t., 828, J. Brewer, Eoderham. Schlostcln and Co. 28\. Eastward Ho I A. s., 007, B. P. Kockerson, Kew York.-It. Iowna and Co. 20\. Landwuhrden, D. b., 892, U. X1 elmers, Wow York.-Lord and Co. 80\. Ida, F. b., 881, J. Latin, Cliaront«.-Bligh and llarbottle. I 80. Trieste, Am. b., 506, K. T. Bewail, San Jxancisoo. -Hacge and Prell. 30\. Jeannie W. Paine, A. s., 747, VV. Burke, Bluff Harbour.-8, De Beer. Feb. 2\. Daphne, B. s., 1,087, T. Miles, London.-Michaelis, Boyd, and Co. 2\. Vortlgern, B. «.. 010, H. S. Headstrom, Bluff Harbour.-Douglass, Do Llttlo, ami Co. 3\. Levant, B. b., 220, T. Smith, Port Louis.-Fan- ning, Nankivell, and Co. I 3. \< ave of Life, B. «., 1,100, J. Lawson, London. Dalgety and Co. 8\. Irido oftho Ocean, B. II., 1,100, J. Kyte, London. -Bright Brothers and Co. 8\. Geo. F. Patton, A. ti., 778, T. G.Mitchell, Nyhaia. -Michaelis, Bovd. and Co. 8\. Anglesey, Ii. s, 1,200, E. Jones, London.-W. P. "White and Co. 0\. Boyal Standard, M. st., 2,003,11. Hamilton, Liver- pool.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 10\. ¿¡uceii of Kations, B. s., 1,401, J. Lorroont, Livor pool.-Smith, Strachan, and Co. 12\. Xortham, B. st, 006, N J. Skottowe, Point do Galle -J. Sparkos. 12\. Blanche Moore, B. s., 1,837, J. Middleton, Liverpool.-Bright Brother» and Co. 12\. Chanco, B. b., 260, E. F. Lakeman, Mauritius. Proust, Kohler, and Co. 12\. Japan,vA. b., 800, J. H. Smith, Otago.-Osborn, Cushing, and Co. 10\. Susan A. Dudman, B. b., 745, E. Durboo, Kew York.-Fisher, Hlcank), and Co. 19\. Albert, B. b., 380, P. Holklns, Boston.-Osborn, Cushing, and Co. 20\. Sarah, B. br., 232, W. Lawroncc, Mauritlus. Josliua Brothers. 21\. Yorkshire, B. s., 1,100, E. A. Reynell, London. - W. T. White and Co. 21\. Helvetian, Br. b., 606, J. Wilting, Hamburg. Hacge and PrcU. Jan. atAitw» orr. 25\. Kingfisher, A. s., 1,103, W. freeman, Bluff Dar bour.-S. De Beer. Î0. Gresham, B. s,. 005, L, C. Brayloy, Taranaki.-W. P. White and Co. 20\. Mayottc, F. b., 277, P. Cogrcl. Madras.-Haego and Frell. N 27 Bombay, B st, 508, G C Byrne, Point do Galle .-J Sparkes 27 Great Britain, B ^t., 1,795, J Cm), Liverpool - Bright Brothers and Co 28 Bella Marina, B s, 504, H E Hilo«, San Fran cisco -Hickson, \\\ illlams, and Co 28\. Colonel, B B, 105, - Stapleton, Guam.-Lukcy and It immer 20 General Havelock, B b , 632, W Smart, Rangoon -Joske Brothers 30 Adoin, S hr, 329, C P Syolund, Adelaide - Gibbs, Itonald, and Co Fob 1 Isniyr, Ii br, 220, W SummcrB, Dunedin -Hay w ard and Co 1 Thomas Hetchor, A «,031, N W Sowie, Auck land -Osborn Cushing, and Co 1 Julia Fanner, B s, 710, h B M olio, Otago-J II Clough and Lo 1 Llleimcre, B b, 170, It B Gahan, Guam -Lukey and Runnier J Ocean Bride, A b , 2C1, A T Miller, Adelaide - Osborn, Ctisliiiig', and Co 1 Brilliant. 11 b, 802, F Walker, Taranaki -Dal gety ano Co I Landsborough, B s , 1,000, C Jones, Otago - Bright Brothers and Co 2\. rorniosa, B b, 880, J Beaton, Baker s Island - Joshua Brothers 3 Alexandra, B br, 280, T Harrison, Java -Lewis and Co 3 Dover Castle B s , 1,002, J M A)lcs, London - W F V, hilo and Co 3 Fann) Kirchner, li b, 534, II II Ahlcri, Guam -S De Beer 4 Jeannie \V Taino, A s , 727, A Burke, Bluff Har hour -S De Beer 4 Trlebto, Au b.OOU, E T Sow all, Guam-Ilaego and 1'rcll 4 Swiftture B s, 1,320, M J Ma)how, Bombay - W r M bite and Co 0 Red Hover, B s, 1,042, F J Lo« thw al to, London -De Pass Brothers and Co 0 f "E Ho)d, II li, 267, E J Stock, AdcLUdc - Bright Brothers and Co 8 Haider, S br 304, C A Sjoberg, Christina« Island -J J Marsliall and Co 5 Fyronoine, B fl, 1,102, J Hounsell, Rangoon - bnilth, btrachan, and Co 0 Great Australia B s , 1,030, W Smellie, Bombay .-Bright BrothcrB and Co 10 Fetisch, H 1) 331, J Hartmann, Newcastle - Victoria Sugar Company 10 Melanie, 1 b, 432, Lo Llonnals, Now castle-Boss and SpowcrB II Vortlgcrn, B s BOB - Ilcdatrom, Bluf! Harbour -Douglass Pc Little, and Co 11 Trebolgan, B a, 1171, IV Hamilton, Calcutta. Bright Brothers and Co IS Chatsworth, B s, 1,037, R Tucker, C-Ucutto - Bright Brothers and Co 13 Congo, Du b, 834, C Christiansen Hong Kong - Kong Meng and Co 13 Jan Hendrick, D b , 470, J Lelyvclt, Batavia_ fe De Beer 13 Northam, B st, 005, N J Skottowe, Sydnc) - J Sparkes 15 Yorlok, B s, 1,402, R. More, Tolnt de Galle - il Culloch, Sellar, and Co 10 Westminster, B s , 713, C Pickering, London - Kong Meng and Co 17 Marion, B b. 102, D Heming, Colombo-W Nicholson and Co 18 Aberdeen, B s, 1,215, J Cole, Ak)ab-Newell and Co l8 Lovant, B b. 220, T Smith, Anjer Point - Fanning, Nankivell, and Co 10 Pactole, 1 b. 300, L Allaiso, Swan River - Hacgc and Prell 10 Jessie llca/lcy, Il b , 447, J Mills, Guam -Bright Brothers and Co , 20 Land» uhrden, D b, 387, n Ilclhncrä, Guam - Hacgc and I roll 20 Lincolnshire, B e, 1,025, E Charlton, London -Vi 1 M bite and Co 20 Ormclic, B b, 532, J Wylie, Guam-Miller and Johnston 20 Shalimar, B s, 1 692, R M Deighton, Calcutta - Lorimer, Marwood, and Co Thos A\ llouso, B b , SOO, J G Barron, S) dnoy -FallciiBtein and 11'hoch ney 22 Baron v ou l'allant v on ltozoudaal, D b , 030 A Hoogenstiaateu Guam -Cloie Brothers and Co 22 Wnllasca, B 8,1,434, b.S Corr), Madras-Lo rimer, Marwood, and Co 22 Chrj tollte, B s, 1,129, P Borrie, London - Holmes, White, and Co Î2 Cloduui, B b, 420, O Phillips, Newcastle- An derbou and Marshall Kobculsko, Il s, 1,1<J5, C Stewart, London Dal gety and Co 23 Belle, B b, 2 8, G R Wayman, Neweastlo Smith, Strachan and Co 23 Benarc«, B s, 822, H Laird, Loudon J Henty and Co PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY, AND SINCE THEDEPARrURE OF, THE JANUARY MAIL. JAX 20 Bombay, B i, for Point do Gallo Mr S Stretch, for Cc)Ion , Mr I Marks, for blmnghil, Mr Willis, for Alexandria, Mr Owen, for Malla, Mossrs A Gibson, It 1 llatson, S l'owcll K Wood, and \- Williamson, for Marseilles, Mr Wen) on, for Southampton JA» 28 Great Britain, s s, for Liverpool Cabin-Mr and Mrs Brown, Mr Armytage and Mr» Armytage and family, Mrs Annytoge, Mr and Mrs Gnllitha, Mrs Cohen, Mrr Vi Illlams and famil), Mr and Mrs Bram well and fanill) Mr and Mrs Jeffries and child, tho Rev r E and Mrs Jenkins, Mrs on 1 Master Barnes, Mr Cullen and two children Miss Mu ardu, Miss C Langtree, Miss Hummer, Miss 1 owlcr, Miss Torry, MIBS A Terr) Mr Jacobs, Mr I owlcr, Mr Jamos Murphy, Mr B W Woods, Captain Ogicr, Mr Lovo, " Millar Mr lliiesBling, Mr F Thronhardt, Mr Russell Mr J H Tollard, Mr Trow, Mr M Douall, Mr Overall, Mr Archer, Mr Dunlop Mr A Spow ers, Mr Orr, Mr Cumberland, Mr II Long trco, Mr Monroe, Dr Crano Ftu 0 Dov cr Castle, for London Cabin -Commissary General Bartlett, Mrs Bartlett family and servant, Mi and Mrs Chandler, Mr and Mrs fuxon, Master bplatt. Master Brown, Mr and Master Palmer, Mr Griffiths and servant, Mr and Mrs Morgan and child, Mrs Lew IB, Miss Lewis, Miss J Lewis, Mr Gower, Mr C P Green, Mr W Woodward, and Mr Jonos JTn 0 Bed Rover, for london Mr and Mrs Streberger, and Mr Wilton, in tho cabin FEB. 11. Champion of the Seas, for London. Cabin—Mr. and Mrs. Ronald, Mr. and Mrs. Cakebread, Mrs. and Miss Newell, and Messrs G. Elliott, and W. Hoyle. FED 10 Kosciusko, for London tuhln-Mr and Mre I cw is, Mr and Mrs C W Simpson children, and tenant, Mr and Mrs Denn) and children (three), Mr G N Atehlnson VEB 20 Lincolnshire for London Cabin-Captain Geo Gilmore, Dr Mayne, Mrs Mayne, and child , Mr and Mrs Pucklo and family, Master O Cook, Master E Cook, Mr and Mrs Willows, Mrs. Cheyne, Mrs Lush, Mibs Lush, Miss 0 Lush, Mr btcphenson, Mr Grir fitlis and servant, Mr and Mrs Villiers, Mr 1 Owens, Mr Lvans, Mum Cox Mr MTheraon Fiai 22. Chrysolite, for London Cabin-Mrs Wright, tliroe children, and sen ant WOOL SHIPS SAILED SLNOE OUR LAST SUMMABY. bailing 28 Great Britain . livorpool 1833 5 Dover Castle London 2034 0 Hed Eovor I ondon . 3807 11 Champion of the Seas London . 0719 16 \\\ ostuunstcr London . 8800 19 Kosciusko . London .. 1013 20 Lincolnshire . I ondon .. 1453 22 Chr) sohle . London .. 3588 23 Benares London .. 3042 