NEWS AND NOTES. Passengers by the Great Britain will perceive, by our advertising columns, that the day of sailing has been postponed till Wednesday the 27th of January. On Saturday last, information was received by Constable Wilkinson, at Smeaton, that Mr Murdoch McDonald (a farmer residing in the neighborhood) had identified amongst some jewelry exhibited by a pedlar named Davis, a silver English lever watch, jewelled in six holes, and gold chain, that had been stolen from him in 1860. Davis the pedlar said the watch and chain was given him to repair by a man named Macey at Deep Creek. Constable Wilkin- son found on proceeding thither that the watch and chain had been purchased by the keeper of a refreshment place, named Smith, for the sum of ten shillings, from an old man named Taylor. Taylor was, at the time of the watch being stolen from Mr McDonald, in that person's employment, and is sup- posed to be the same man who was convicted about six years ago for stealing a cash-box containing a large sum of money from Mr Robert Orr, of Cres- wick. In consequence of being very busy harvesting (says our local correspondent) Mr McDonald has not yet taken out a warrant for Taylor, and the watch and chain are at present retained by Constable Wil- kinson, who is endeavoring to find Taylor. The Creswick Fire Brigade was at practice on Thursday. Six men an now able to get the engine in working order in 2¾ minutes. Five Chinese were changed at the Eastern Police Court, on Friday, with having engaged in gambling transactions at the Chinese encampment on Golden Point, on Sunday last. They pleaded guilty, and were sentenced to pay a fine of 20s each, or forty eight hours in gaol. At the Eastern Police Court, on Friday, several of the persons assessed by the Bungaree Road Board appealed against the assessment. The appellants, however, did not meet the requirements of the Act, which declares that notice of appeal must be served on the Clerk of the Board seven clear days before the sitting of the Court to hear the appeals, where- upon the Bench, consisting of the Police Magistrate and Dr Hobson, dismissed the appeals. Thomas Freend, who was charged with having violently assaulted one James Dollard, at the United States Hotel, was discharged by the magis- trates at the Eastern Police Court on Friday, as the complainant declined to prosecute. A few days ago Mr Bell, a resident near the Belle Vue, went into the Mount Prospect Hotel, on the Daylesford road, to settle some business with Mr Jones, leaving his mare at the door. On Mr Bell coming out in a short time he found, to his great surprise, that some thief had ridden off with his mare. No tidings have yet been heard of either horse, saddle, or bridle. At the change of chairs in Court Liberty No. 3882, on Wednesday last, at the court room, Shear- ers' Hotel, Creswick, the following appointments were made:-Br W. Whatman, C.R., Br Blamey, S.C.R, Br Grenfell, secretary, Br Williams, assist- ant secretary, Br J. Whatman, treasurer, and Br Dickson, senior woodward. The annual meeting of the Creswick Mechanics' Institute took place on Thursday evening. Mr Lewers, president, in the chair. The report and balance sheet were read and adopted, and a vote of thanks given to the president, secretary, and trea- surer, for the zeal manifested by them on behalf of the institution. The following appointments were then made:- President, Mr A. Lewers; vice-presi- dents, Messrs Lees and Rogers; secretary and libra- rian, Mr Hoole; treasurer, Mr Gardiner; committee, Revs. Messrs Steel and Pollard, Messrs Cooper, Bur- ton, Dr Starke, McKinnon, Stevenson, Aitken, Brawn, Jebb, Martin, and Leake. A bonus of £5 was then voted to Mr Rogers, for his services as sec- retary and librarian, and the meeting adjourned. Some error appears to have occurred in reading Mr W. Tweedie's tender for debentures at the last meeting of the Water Commission. Mr Tweedie in- forms us that his tender was at par and not at 2 per cent. discount as stated. The return cricket match between the Ballarat and Corio Cricket Clubs will be played on the Bal- larat Cricket Ground on Friday next, provided the Geelong men do not again fail to attend. The boats belonging to the Regatta Club were brought into Ballarat on Friday evening by Mr John Cummins, and will undergo a thorough over- haul before being again used. We perceive by our advertising columns that Mr and Mrs Kean accompanied by Mr Coppin and Mr Cathcart, will appear at the Theatre Royal on Sa- turday the 30th inst., and "positively for six nights only." A plan of the box seats is on view at the office of Mr Carver, the auctioneer. Cr Young informs us that our reporter misunder- stood his remarks at the last meeting of the Water Commission. Cr Young is not opposed to having boats on the Swamp, and he only opposed the par- ticular motion before the Commission, because he desired to see the business of the Commission con- ducted in a regular manner, which it would not have been if the proposition then before it had been agreed to. Mr Foster, P.M., attended at the Western lock-up on Friday morning and disposed of the following persons, viz., Robert Wilson, James Flanagan, and Jesse Hammond, for drunkenness, were fined 10s each or twelve hours in gaol. James Blakely, for a like offence, was fined 5s or six hours in gaol. At the Clunes Police Court, on Monday (before Mr L. McLennan, J.P.), John James Faulkner, on remand since 4th instant, charged with horse-steal- ing, was discharged, there not being sufficient evi- dence to justify a committal. On Tuesday (before Mr Thompson, J.P.), John James was brought up, charged with lunacy, and remanded for medical ex- amination, till the 13th. On Wednesday (before Messrs Thompson and Sutherland, justices of the peace), John James was brought up on remand, charged with lunacy. Dr Robinson, Dr Schmidt, and several other witnesses were examined, and the charge was fully established. The prisoner labors under the impression that all Clunes belongs to him and that it was now time to resume possession, which he was prepared to do with a big knife. The prisoner was committed to Ballarat gaol. Cause List.-Police v John Heatley, for obstructing thoroughfare by leaving team of bullocks there; fined 10s and 5s costs. W. B. Dick v A. W. Stew- art, same v same, Joseph Roberts v same, for charg- ing excessive damage; same v same, illegal im- pounding; Conrad Schroeder v same, £7 7s, goods; Thomas King v same, £1 10s, goods;-were all post- poned for a week, costs in each case to be costs in the cause: Dr Schmidt having deposed that, in consequence of a fall from his horse, the defendant was unable to at- tend. Mr Jessup appeared for Dick and Roberts. W. B. Dick v Kemp, neglect of duty as pound- keeper; Mr Jessup for complainant; Mr King for defendant. This case was also allowed to stand over, Mr Stewart being a material witness. R. Longstaff v E. Sendy, £3 2s goods; order for amount and 2s 6d costs. John Rofe v R. Russell, £6 4s 6d board and residence; order for amount and 12s 6d costs. Prudence Jeffery v Mary Ann Bailey, for abusive language, and J. C. Weickhardt v Thos. Gorey, £4 12s 6d goods, were both struck out, neither of the parties having appeared in either case.-Mrs Irwin, of Mount Beckwith, applied for a refreshment license, but was refused in consequence of objections raised by the police. The waters of Lake Burrumbeet have worn a rather low bywash at the natural outlet from the lake, and thus the level of the lake has been lower than the settlers of the district deemed desirable. It has been thought that the volume of water in the lake should be increased rather than lessened, and under these circumstances a memorial to the Go- vernment was recently got up under the aus- pices of Mr Philip Russell, of Carngham, and Mr Robert Lewis, of Ballarat, requesting that a dam might be erected for the better conservancy of the waters of the lake. The memorial was rather nu- merously signed, and was transmitted to the Chief Secretary by Mr Russell, who has received a reply stating that the Commissioner of Public Works "regrets he is unable to recommend that the work should be undertaken by the Government." Perhaps this may be interpreted to mean a reference of the memorialists to the fable of Hercules and the wag- goner. We were glad to see that Mr Leslie's benefit at the Theatre royal last night was as good as could well be expected after the recent demands upon the public purse, if not as good as the merits of an intel- ligent actor and did townsman deserved. The house was moderately well patronised, and the playing was for the most part good. "The Green Bushes" was the first piece, with Miss O'Reilly as Miami, Mrs Gill as Geraldine, Miss Harland as Kelly O'Niel, Mr Leslie as Jack Gong, Mr Gill as Grimmidge, Mr Warde as Murtoch, Mr Laurence as Connor, and the other characters by the company. Miss O'Reilly played very cleverly, and the members of the com- pany filled their parts with their old efficiency, Mr Leslie meeting a specially cordial reception. "Twenty Minutes with a Tiger" was the after- piece. This evening "The School of Reform" will be repeated, followed by "Twenty Minutes with a Tiger," Mr Hoskins appearing in both pieces. DISCOLORED RAIN.-An extraordinary phenome- non in connection with the rainfall of Saturday last has been brought under our notice. It appears that the water which then descended was exceed- ingly discolored, so much so in fact as to present a dark brownish tint instead of the usual color. As the same phenomenon, if we may so term it, was observed by several persons resident in different parts of this district, and even as far as Mary- borough, one of our residents determined to ascer- tain whether the color was the consequence of dust, as was generally supposed at the time; but curious to relate, although a certain quantity was put into a clean glass on Saturday last, and allowed to re- main quiescent until yesterday, not a particle of sediment could then be detected at the bottom. We have heard an explanation of the cause, namely, that as the rain clouds came to us from the north, they would have passed over the large bush-fire which was then raging in South Australia, and have be- come impregnated with the smoke arising there- from; but the absence of all sediment in the glass referred to, would lead one to dispute the correctness of this deduction. We cannot say whether this phenomenon is, strictly speaking, novel, but either way, it may be regarded as an interesting circum- atance for chemists.- Talbot Leader, 15th January. 