THE BDSH FIEE ON ME. DUTrON'S EUN AT ANLABY. An inquest was held at the Sir John Franklin Hotel at Kapunda on the 12th instant by Mr. J. S. Browne, Coroner, and a respectable Jury, of which 5Ir Crase was foreman, to enquire into the cause of the above fire, which destroyed the feed of a tract of country containing from eighty to ninety square miles and about 500 sheep. The following persons were examined : — Thomas Costello, sworn, stated— I am hutkeeper for Mr. Datton on the Hong Kone Station, near the Murray Scrub. On Saturday, 2nd of January, I was mixing up bread on a sheepskin on the floor in the front room, with my face towards the fireplace. Whilst doing so I heard a noise behind me, and on looking round I saw a blaze going up the roof In the bedroom. I had two buckets of water in the lint, and commenced throwing It with a pannican on to the fire, but found it was of no service. Clarke, the shepherd, who was outBide, called out that the hut was on fire. I told him that I knew it, and to come as quick as he could. I commenced to remove Mr. Dutton's things from the but, and Clarke told me to bring: out his box. He appeared to be frightened. I tried to pull off the roof, but found it was of no service. Then I went to prevent the grass from igniting, bat a puff of wind carried a spark from the hat which immediately set the grass on fire, and it became a tremen dous blaze. I then took a boug-h and tried to put it oat but could not succeed. Told Clarke that I was going to the head station to give information and to obtain assistance. On arriving there told Mr. Sebastian, the overseer, of what had occurred— that the hut was burned down and the grass was on fire. When the grass ignited the fire ran in a north westerly direction ; the grass was very high owing: to tbe sheep having been kept from it for a long time. Never carried matches, as I dud not smoke. When I saw the fire it was early in the morning, and got to the head station abont 9 o'clock. I cannot explain how the fire occurred. Clarke and I have been living together for two yeara, and have always been on the best of terms. The shepherd went with his sheep after the fire occurred ; they were travelling by the side of the fire. He did so to save them. The grass was cleared around the hut atKrat a rod in width. The hut was tliatched, which was of great thickness. I did not know where Clarke kept his matches ; those that I kept were in a tin box. on the shelf. I cannot account for the accident. Eichard Clarke, sworn— I am a shepherd for Mr. Dutton. Have been with him 10 years, and two yeara with Costello. Am sometimes friendly with him, and sometimes not. I was at work in the sheep-yard, which was about one mndred yards from the ;hut, when I looked up and saw a blaze of fire coming from the top of the hut, about middle of the ridge. I ran as fast as I could to save my bedclothes, which I saved, and Costello did his. We then tried to save the hut, but could not do so. The grass soon took fire, and we tried all in our power to pat it out, but could not succeed I then requested him to get more help. When I went to save my sheep there were more than 50 of them burned, owing to their bein? blind from grass seeds.- Costello took out my box, but I lost things amounting to abont £4 in value. Tom lost nothing. I cannot state how the fire originated. We keep matches, but always in an iron box. Coroner— You say you cannot tell how the fire originated, but will vou cive us vour opinion as to its origin ? Witness— That's too much. I gave you all the informa tion I could, but I am not required to express my opinion. Tom tried all he could do to put out the fire, when I said ' Tom, come away, or you will be roasted.' Peter Sebastian— I am overseer for Mr. Dutton at Anlaby. On the 2nd January, Costello came to me about 9 a.m., and told me of what had occurred. I sent all hands on the station to ;the fire. We were two days and nights in trying to put it out. Asked Gostello how it occurred, and he said the same as he has already explained to tbe jury. I have visited the place since, and can trace no origin of the fire. It was extinguished by the help of the settlers. The quantity of graBS consumed was from 13 to 14 miles iu length and 6 or 1 in width. Cannot tell as yet how many sheep were destroyed. There has been another fire since, which burned about a square mile of feed. We have no means of preventing bush- fires. The Coroner left the matter with the jury, who returned a verdict 'That the fire originated from accident and not otherwise, and no one was to blame in the matter.' 