OBIGINAL POETEY. The author of the following is Mr. George Isaacsl formerly Editor of the Critic, now of Melboure ? 1 SB YD THEM TO GAOL. I [lines suggested by Newspaper Police Beports.] I 'Tis only a woman— forsaken— distressed, I With three littla children— a babe at her breast ? I She is feint !— ehe is hungry .'—where shall she 'rest? I Send ter to Gaol ! * I What creature is this -— haggard, wasted and wan, I With the manners of childhood, and form of a man, I An Idiot '—Bring hither Her Majesty's van— I Send him to Gaol ! I 'Tis a Child of the Streets— ragged ! houseless ! forlorn 9 His feet are unshod, and his hair is unshorn, 1 Allowed to go wild from the day he was born— I Send him to Gaol! I Oh ! send them to to gaol, 'tas the speediest plan, I The woman forsaken— poor child— bKghted man, I And when they come out (hey may do— what they can -I Send them: to Gaol ! I Melbourne, January 1, 1864. I A meeting of the Committee to arrange for the! Shakspeare tercentenary commemoration was held at I the Institute on Friday afternoon. The Hon. A. I Forster was in the chair. There were also present I the Chief Justice, Dean Farrell, Rev. J. C. Woods,! Messrs. N. Blyth, M.P., S. Tomkinsoi , A. Abrahams I Or. W. D. Beresford, C. D. Cooper, and R. D. Ross. I The programme prepared by the Sub-Committee was I submitted to the meeting, and generally approved of. I It was referred back to the Committee, with power to I carry it out or make what alterations they deemed I necessary. After mentioning some names for the I guidance of the Sab-Committee as likely to take part I in the entertainment the business closed. I The Anti-transportation meeting took place last I night in the Assembly Rooms, when various resolu- I tions were carried, and a memorial to the Queen, I praying for the discontinuance of transportation to I Western Australia, adopted. The memorial will be I found in full in another column,'together with a I general report of the proceedings. I On Thursday evening a meeting was held in St. I Paul's Church schoolroom, Port Adelaide, in aid of the I Melanesian mission. There was a large attendance ; I His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide presided. I After prayer the 72nd Psalm was read, when the I Bishop, in an opening addresB, stated the objects of I the meeting, and introduced Bishop Patteson, who I was received with loud applause. He gave some I interesting details of bis own experience with re- I ference to the mission, strongly urging its claims upon I the Australasian Churches. The following resolution I was moved by the Hon. J. Hart, and seconded by I Mr. B. Douglas— 'That this meeting heartily I welcomes the arrival of Bishop Patteson, and has I heard with deep thankfulness to the Almighty the I account of his labors among the Melanesian Islands.' ? Carried unanimously. Moved by Dr. Duncan, and I seconded by Mr. Dempster — ' That the Melanesian, I mission has peculiar claims upon the sympathy and I support of the members of the Church in this diocese, I and that those present pledge themselves to aid by I their prayers and contributions the object of the I mission.' Carried. A collection was made in aid of I the mission fond. The Rev. C. Maryatt urged the 1 claims of the mission on the meeting, and hoped they I would arrange some system, of raising donations in I its aid. The proceedings concluded with the Bene- I diction. I The children connected with the Grlenelg Congre- I gational Sunday-school were treated to their annual I festival on Wednesday, February 17th. There were I about 35 altogether. They started between 11 and I 12 o'clock in the morning for Mr. Lewis's umbrageous I paddock at the Sturt, where they spent the day very I njoyably, returning home about 6 o'clock in the I vening. I We are induced to give publicity to a curious eir- I Ctimstance related by a correspondent of the Register t I and represented to have occurred at Willunga. The | writer says — ' A gentleman suggested to me that he thought some notice should be furnished to your paper of a phenomenon that was witnessed on the hills in this neighborhood on Sunday, the 14th inst. Between 8 and 9 o' cloak is. the morning, the sky at I the time being cloudy, with occasional flashes of lightning, a meteroic flame was seen suddenly to shoot towards the earth, where it struck a dead and dry tree, instantly igniting it. The flame spread to the surrounding grass, and much loss and mischief must have inevitably resulted had not the occupier of the section (Mr. E. Chenouth) quickly seen the fire, and, by the aid of his neighbors, extinguished it after it had burnt two or three acres of grass. The impor tance of giving publicity to such an event as this will be perceived as furnishing a clue to many fires of diBpnted origin.' Perhaps some of our readers may have seen, or heard of similar circumstances, though we should certainly suppose bush-fires to be far more frequently caused by lacifer matches and cigar-ends thrown carelessly down, than by meteors such as tha one above spoken of. On Friday afternoon a person named Woolsey, employed by Mr. Cooper in driving a watercart at the Bay, made an attempt to poison himself by means of laudanum, but was providentially discovered before he completed bis purpose ; bnt as he threat ened those about him that he would accomplish the act the first opportunity, and as his friends feared he would do so, the assistance of the police was called in, and he was brought into town by a trooper, and safely lodged in the Station to await an enquiry into his case, which will be made before Mr. Beddoma this morning. On Friday evening, the Right Sev. Bishop Patteson delivered an address at St. Paul's Church School room with reference to his missionary labours. The chair was taken by the Rev. A. R. RusselL Amongst those present were His Lordship the Bishon of Ade laide, Archdeacon Woodcock, Dean Farrell, and various other reverend gentlemen of the Church of England. A meeting of the Vinegrowers' Association was held at the Institute on Friday. Mr. D. Randeu, one of the Vice-Presidents, took the chair, and there was present about 40 members. The Chairman opened the* business by expressing a hope that the reading of the papers promised would tend to dispel the ignorance which existed on the subject of wine-making. He then called upon Mr. E. J. F. Crawford, who read a brief but eminently prac tical paper upon the best system of crushing grapes. He argued in favor of thorough saturation of the must with the atmosphere before fermentation, and referred to his own experience as a wine maker in support of this. Mr. Babbage agreed with Mr. Crawford, remarking that exposure to the atmosphere largely assisted fermentation. Several other persons also agreed with Mr. Crawiord. Dr. Kelly next read an excellent paper upon the comparative merits of open and close vats for the fermentation of the must. For white wines we understood him to say he con sidered open vats were the beBt ; but for red wines he said close vats were preferable. A vote of thanks was accorded to the two gentlemen reading tha papers, and after some discussion on free distillation, the meeting ended. On Wednesday evening last the East Torren« Lodge of Faith, LC, after having disposed of tha usual routine of Lodge business, presented then? late W.M., R. I. Winter, P.M., with an appropriate address engrossed on parchment, as a mark of their appreciation of his services to the Lodge and of their esteem for him as a Mason. The address was ac companied by a very handsomely bound book, and was presented by the W.M., Brother Weir. Brother P.M. Winter, in a neat and suitable speech acknow ledged the compliment. The following news has been received from New South Wales:— 'The Scab Act has finally passed. The Chief Inspectorship has been conferred upon. Mr. Bruce, lately an Inspector of Pleuro-pneumonia on the Murrumbidgee.' A correspondent from Mount Barker writes most despondingly of the result of the harvest in that direction. He says farmers are getting thoroughly disheartened, and are talking of leaving — some for the Northern Territory, and others for other colo nies. ? » ? A MONSTER Cake — The largest cake ever made in the world is now on view at the shop of Mr. J. Arnatt, confectioner, St. Giles's, in this city. It weighs 3,0001bs., stands 7 feet high, and is 18 feet in circumference. It may interest our readers if we state that there have been used in the manufacture of this monster cake 550 lbs of flour, 3,000 eggs, 5 barrels of currants, 2 cwt. of orange and lemon peel* 300 lbs. of butter, 400 pounds of sugar, besides other ingredients. The cake will be cut by the Mayor at the annual conversazione of the Churchmen's Union, which is to be held in the Corn Exchange on the 4th of January. It contains 200 tickets, the possession of which will entitle the holders to various presents, comprising two elegant plated cake baskets, gold rings, gold baskets, silver fruit knives, silver thimbles, wedding rings, &c.; — Oxford Chronicle. An Affecting Incident. — A gentleman of Phila delphia, who went out to Gettysburg as a volunteer surgeon, came intoouroffi.ee last week, and showed us a most touching relio-of that terrible battle. 16 was a melainotype, or ambrotype on iron, of three children, and was taken from the band of a dead soldier belonging to the Union army. He had been, mortally wounded, and crawled to a sheltered place, where bis body was found, with the picture of his children so placed that it met bis dying gaae.— FAifa detyhia JPr&tuterian;, 73 