THE GWYDIR ELECTION. THE NOMINATION DAY. (From a Correspondent.) Our nomination day (10th December) came round in its due course, on which day a large and influential body of the electors of the Gwydir met together, for the pur- pose of hearing the different candidates. The nomina- tion had, however, to be postponed, as a numerously signed requisition has induced our much-valued resident (Mr. T. G. Dangar) to resign the office of Returning Officer, which honorable position he has for such a length of time so ably occupied, and come forward to represent us at the coming election. At noon, the meeting took place in the court-house, when Mr. Dangar briefly told the electors his reason for resigning, and promised to ac- cede to our urgent request, and come forward to represent us. Upon the fact being announced, a representative of Mr. John Single came on the hustings, and informed us that he (Mr. Single) had retired from the contest in favor of Mr. T. G. Dangar. Three cheers were at once de- manded, and immediately given, for Mr. Single, who is very highly respected and appreciated by us all. The name of our hearty and well known friend (Mr. P. Quinn) was next mentioned, and received the same honor. Mr. Dangar's name was next given, and the shouting that followed was, I am sure, sufficient to erase any doubts that might lurk in that gentleman's mind as to how he will be received by us when the nomination comes off. Three cheers were next solicited for our late member (Mr. Rusden), and the deafening and unanimous manner in which they were given must have told that gentleman that we are worthy of his best exertions on our behalf, as well as an occasional visit. At all events, the cheers drew from him a promise to hold a meeting the same evening, to explain to us the reasons for his actions during the time he has represented us. I am sorry, for his sake, to say that the meeting so declared to us did not take place. The meeting was of course over, and nothing could have exceeded the harmony that prevailed. The state of the electoral roll has given great dissatis- faction, and drawn forth universal oomplaint - several in- fluential men and voters having been omitted from the list entirely. We trust such egregious errors will be at once noticed and rectified at the coming collection of the roll, in February next. The election is now in statu quo, awaiting the appointment of a returning officer, which we hope will take place immediately-there being several gentlemen in the neighbourhood quite ready and com- petent to undertake the duties so satisfactorily performed hitherto byMr. Dangar. The report lately in circulation that the residence of L. P. Doyle, Esq., of Killarney Plains, was stuck-up by bushrangers, is, we are glad to hear, without foundation. The weather is now very hot, and bush-fires are fre- quently noticed. We have just been told of a large sheep station, huts, yards, &c.;, &c; , the property of W. C. Slyman, Esq., being lately totally destroyed by one of them; and should strongly recommend all persons having properties unprotected to burn all the grass for a short distance around its immediate vicinity. Wee Waa, Dec. 4, 1864. 