THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1864. The scandal which for the last nine years has been festering, like a loathsome sore under the surface of Melbourne society, has at length ripened and burst. The domestic life of the MOLESWORTHS is fairly before the world. It is a chapter which, let us hope, stands alone in the history of our social system. The credit of the colony was never so deeply touched as by this filthy tale of an ill marriage. A heavy responsibility at- taches to the man who, on any provoca- tion whatever, could so insult our public sense of decorum. The injury is to every honest man and every decent woman in Victoria. About this there can be no second opinion in the commu- nity. The scandal is one which never ought to have seen the light, at least in this colony. The wrongs of Judge MOLESWORTH bear no proportion to the outrage which he has inflicted upon our society in their revelation. Mr. MOLES- WORTH may have been as deeply injured as Mrs. MOLESWORTH was unchaste, but there was no excuse for thus occu- pying all the ears and eyes of this com- munity for four days with this brutal and disgusting story. The case is one of unredeemed bru- tality and profligacy from beginning to end; and the fact, that the principal cha- racters who figure on the stage are a judge of the Supreme Court and his wife, and an ex-Attorney-General, will furnish no small occasion for triumph to those whose habit it is to speak sneeringly of colonial manners and morals. The revelation of high life in St Kilda about the year 1855, is indeed more extraordinary than anything which an enemy of Victoria could have invented for her detriment. It requires the evidence of the peti- tioner and the respondent, together with the confessions of Mr. IRELAND, to make us believe that such a state of things could be possible in the heart of an English community. The Divorce Court is a record of many scandals, but we doubt if, either at home or in the colonies, there ever was a story to match this of the MOLESWORTHS in grossness and profligacy. There is something in the case, also, that is quite un- English, and with an odour about it such as only one nationality in the world could furnish. The scenes between husband and wife--the row in the inn at Castlemaine--the subse- quent reconciliation--the episode of the carpet-bag--the fighting--the kissing-- the letters--the uncouth bursts of jea- lousy, and the ludicrous and gross sus- picions--where can we read anything to match this very Irish story? For once, all the art of the counsel on each side has failed to heighten the true colour of either case. The real profli- gacy is, that such a story as this should be dragged into the light, merely be- cause the husband and wife could not agree as to the amount of the wife's allowance. As for the verdict of the jury, we must hold it to be a just and a sound one. No other opinion could have been come to by twelve honest and sensible men, with such evidence as they had before them. Mrs. MOLESWORTH clearly failed in making out any case of syste- matic cruelty against her husband. Mr. MOLESWORTH'S fault, indeed, was not that he was too cruel, but that he was too kind. As to the instances cited of his cruelty, it is absurd to attach any weight to them, or to suppose that they justified the wife's conduct. In the course of some twenty-two years of married life, Mr. MOLESWORTH struck his wife once with the handle of a fire screen, and on another occasion, after full con- viction of her unfaithfulness, turned her out of his doors with violence. Really, if this were all, the home of the MOLES- WORTHS would have been a very Eden of domestic bliss. But Mr. MOLES- WORTH, though not cruel in the vulgar manner--perhaps only affectionate, after the manner of his country --was cer- tainly not such a husband as Mrs. MOLESWORTH required. The glimpses of the interior of the MOLESWORTH household, especially during the time the couple were happy in the possession of Mr. IRELAND'S friendship, are a ter- rible scandal on matrimony. The hus- band, in all ordinary ways, seems to have been only too indulgent to his partner. He is charged with undue suspiciousness ; but while sometimes he is jealous to a most ludicrous degree, at other times he is but too trustful and too forgiving. He is aware of his wife's guilt, and yet admits her to a wife's privileges. He appears like a true philo- sopher in some parts of his conduct-- in others, he is like nothing we know in English society. He is coarse in his suspicions, and as stupid in uttering them as brutal in their conception. He turns out Mr. PENFOLD, lest Mrs. MOLESWORTH should be tempted with him ; and he will not have Mr. DUNNE to dinner upon his wife's invitation. He pitches into Mr. IRELAND, then hob-nobs with him upon whiskey- punch, "with " champagne upon the top of that." He sends his wife away for her ill-conduct, and he goes to the ship to bid her an affectionate farewell. He afterwards cor- responds with her in England, and sends his own daughter to visit her. When have we heard of such a husband as this? As for Mrs. MOLESWORTH, her character may be left to stand as she has painted it for herself in the witness-box. The op- posing Counsel have treated her leniently ; and it would have been well had her own advocate and her principal witness been equally merciful. We shall refrain from adding one word to the finding of the jury. As not unusual in matrimonial cases, the trial has ended leaving each party a little worse than before, and by injuring all the principals concerned. We may except only Mr. IRELAND, whose moral character comes out triumphant from the ordeal, and with quite a halo of glory round it. The victim of Mrs. MOLESWORTH'S awkward attentions and Mr. MOLESWORTH'S brutal suspicions, emerges superior to the nine years' scandal. What other good has society derived from the Molesworth case? The dirty puddle has been stirred, only to emit a fouler odour. Let us hope that the case may not be accepted by the Saturday Review as a true picture of domestic life in Victoria. The vexatious and inconvenient im- pediment to traffic caused by laying down layers of broken stone on the suburban roads must have been keenly felt within the last few weeks. Every one who has a carriage and horse, and been compelled to use the St. Kilda road, for example, must Lave suffered more or less from the practice. Indeed, we happen to know of moro than one instance whero horses on this very occa- sion have been permanently disabled by having to labour across such a mass of new metal. Prima facie, it is a cruelty as great as any which ever provoked the society for the protection of animals, that horses dragging heavy loads should be made to perform the additional task of making the roads-that the traffic on tbo roads should be compelled to con- solidate them. The system is not only cruel to the horses, but downright unjust to the public, who pay a heavy toll for the expresî object of having the roads adapted to their use. It is a fact, too, that the system is both wasteful and unscientific. General ¡Sir JOHN BUB, GOYNE, necessarily an authority on the matter, has given it as his opinion that it " occasions enormous sacri " fices by the parlies using the road, " and, consequently, a great loss to " the public in general." He enter- tains no doubt that the actual ex- penditure of the present system - " ia " greater than would be incurred by at " once operating thoroughly with the " roller." It is well known that the narrow wheels of heavily-laden carriages penetrate into the new metal, and force the lower part of it into the subsoil. In rolling, however, the surface is preserved entire, and the metal remains in its proper place. Tho displacement, the grinding, and crushing by carriage traffic are so great, that whereas ten inches of metal are required to bind into six inches of consolidated road, eight inches would be sufficient if well rolled. Sir JOHN BURGOYNE estimâtes that if the rolling only effected a saving of one inch of metal, " still the cost of " that one inch would exceed that of " tho rolling, including gravel." In France and on the" Continent rolling gene- rally pi evails. A roller, at first used in the Prussian provinces on the Ehine, has been introduced into France. It is a cylinder of cast-iron of about four feet three and a half inches wide, and four feet three and a half inches in diameter. It weighs about two tons, and will con- tain an additional weight of stone, bring- ing up the entire weight to five tons eighteen hundredweight. It is worked by six strong horses. The roller is first passed over the road once or twice without any loading, to obtain a first settlement of the loose metal j then follow ono or two turns with an entire weight of four and a-half tons ; and, lastly, the full loading of 5tons 18cwt,, with which it makes up the number of turns to ten. Tra- versing twelve miles, it will completely roll in one day about a quarter of- a mile of aroad twenty- onef eet wide. The expense in France includes six horses and two drivers, £1 4s. per day ; six labourers attending on the road, assisting at the roller, levelling inequalities, spreading gravel or some sharp gritty stuff on the surface during the operations, 7s. ; mak- ing a total of £1 11s. for nilling 3,000 square yards, or about one penny per run- ning yard of road twenty-four feet wide. One French engineer states that when the -rolling in this manner has been well performed, 300 square yards of road only required one cubic yard of broken stone during the following year. In one instance 1,500 square yards only re- quired to be mended by one cubic yard of metal. On another road, no fresh stone was laid for three years, Sir JOHN BURGOYNE says, that " however perfect the rolling may be, there will be at the end a slight elasticity and yielding of the surface, which will only become quite firm and hard after some days' traffic, say from six to ten, when toler- ably frequented, during which its form and smoothness must be carefully at- tended to. Add, therefore, £2 per mile for that extra work, and the cost will be £30 per mile," Professor MAHAN, in his essay on road making, speaks with approval of the French plan. He says : " Great importance is attached by the French engineers to the use of the iron cylinder for compressing the materials for a new road, and to minute attention to daily repairs. It is stated that by the use of the cylinder the road is presented at once in a good travelling condition; the wear of the materials ia less than by the old method of gradually consolidating them by the travel; the co3t of repair,! during the first years is diminished ; it gives to the road- covering a more uniform thickness, and admití of its being thinner than in the usual method." Another error, says the English writer who has supplied us with the material of our remarks, is in the large size of the metal thrown down. Mr. LAW, CE., says that the stones ought to pass freely through a ring of two and a-half inches in diameter in every direction. Sir JOHN BUK GOYNE proposes the upper inch of stone to be finer than the rest, " say to pass a " ring of one and a-quarter inch." The French engineers insist upon the im- portance of the metal being broken up. The French cantonnier is nob a mere stonebreaker, but an intelligent road maker. His business is to watch the road, not wait till it is covered with holes, and worn out of shape ; but with rammer and mallet ram down patches of fine stone into every little hollow or rut that appears. By this caro the outlay for material is reduced to a minimum. On one French road pub under the charge of M. DUMAS, the ex- penditure had been, in one year, in material, ¿872 ; and in road labour, £190. He boldly began by almost equalizing the expenditure :-material, £584 ; road labour, ¿6504. He weat on reducing the expenditure on mate- rial, until in four years the outlay on metal, efec, was brought down to £163, instead of £872 ; while the item of road labour stood at £4:45, instead of £195. The road was infinitely improved under his administration, concurrently with the reduction of cost in its maintenance. The French engineers, when they began to carry out the new system of less ma- terial and more manual labour, calcu- lated that a saving of £6,000,000 would accrue to the public by a method which maintained the roads in the best possible condition. In the name of humanity and eco- nomy, we ask, is there any just cause or impediment why the two systems-Sir JOHN BURGOYNE'S and the French should not form elements in our road administration 1 At any rate, if science has shown that we are more wasteful in the repair of our roads than we need be, common sense demands that we should adopt the latest improvements. Bazaars, expérience has oft proved, have at- tractions special and irrésistible for the bust- ling, pleasure-seeking, and withal charitable, community of Melbourne. At the present time such a bazaar as the soft sex and the stern do most affect claims the not unwilling sup- port of the public The Exhibition-build log is once more the scene of the gay assemblage; tho object in view-the exten- sion of the pretty, but only half-erected Anglican Church of St. John, Toorak -may be pronounced excellent in the 'comparative degree; the patronage, held under the immediate auspices of Lady Dar .- i ling, is fashionable In the suparlatlve. The old familiar structure certainly pieioatB just now a pretty and pleasant sight. In front of the annexe, arranged in a semi-circle, with flanking angles, aro the stalls, dressed out with eli manner of brave flat ry ; the middle of the hall is given np to a temple of Flora ; while in and about flatters a busy throng of customers aud purveyors. Lady Darling and Miss Duling preside over tho laige Eomiolrole; Mu. "Walter Fellows, Mrs. Buckley, the MÍE363 M Lichlam and Mrs. Buttera officiate in tho businen premises on either sido; and the impor- tant charge of the flower-stall, with its bsvy of attendant?, is entrusted to Mrj. Goodman. It [should be explained that, though the vari table stallkeepeis are few in number, they hove the assistance of a numerous corp3 of young ladies, who perform tho amateur shop- " girl business doubtltss with pleasure to themselves, and certainly to tho satisfaction of the visito». To attempt a catalogue, ora detailed description, of the arttcles composing tho fancy fair would be a vaia and futile (ask. Suffi« it tbat the ladies of South Yaira and Toorak have of late devoted themselves to the preparation of articles of adornment for the'.foir, of creature comforts for bachelor -who, but for convenient puiBc3, would b3 undeserving of such attention-and of knick knackB for yoimg and old. Those who wit- ness the result will applaud tho industry, style, and taste, which are manifP3tcd ; and those who do not, must imagino as oma- " mental and elegant a display as we have ever had in Melbourne, Just as samples of the articles " rich and rare" on view-and every- thing to be seen is also to be sold-we may mention some charming water-calour point- ings, the work of Mrs. Walter Fellows ; also, a set of beautiful coverets worked in Berlin wool by Lady Darling ; tho splendid arm- chairs and tho pretty fairyland views, like- wise at Lady Darling's stall ; the embroidery work and the model of a Swles chateau, at the Misses M'Lnchlau's ; and the staffed birds and the American fox which Mrs. Buttersoflers to the curious. Many of the artie'es would be too costly to find purchasers readily ; but aB the Attorney-General has sancüoned the use of raffleB and lotteries, everyone is able to secure a chance of obtaining these prizes. The bazaar was formally opened by Lidy Darling, at two o'clock. It wm closed at six o'clock, and reopened again from seven to nine. Tho same hours will bo observed to day, and also on Saturday. Throughout yesterday the attendance was good, including, in the afternoon, Sir Charles Darling, Sir James Palmer, and the Bishop of Melbourne, To-day, and especially on Saturday, now that the existence of the bazaar and its atti actions have been prominently put bi fore the public, the building will pro- bably be filled to overflowing. All the ar- rangements appear to bB satisfactory. Zep liu's band enllvons the hours with music; re- freshments can be procured on the spot ; and the admission fee is fixed at the moderato sum of one shilling. Apropos of the objects of the bazaar, it is thought desirable to ex- plain that the supporters of St. John's labour under no reproach of having it in debt. The building as it stands is wholly unencumbered, and the present effort is simply to obtain funds to complete the edifico according to the original design. A public meeting of the ratepayers of Eich mond was held yesterday evening, at the Council Chambers, " to adopt a petition to Her Majesty against the continuance of trans- portation to any of the Australian colonies." Mr. J. Eodsfo (the mayor) took the chair. He said that it wrs the wish of the inhabitants of richmond to join with other boroughs in tho colony in plotting against the continuance of transpoi tallon to these shores. Tho municipal elections in the borough had pro vented the meeting from boing called earlier, but it was yet time for their protest to go home by the next mail. The Hon. W. Hull moved the first resolution, and in doing so said that the Hon. J. G. Francis had not been invited to attend because it was not desirable to place him in the position of ex- pressing strong opinions. He might, how- ever, say, tbat he and all his colleagues wore opposed to the continuance of this evil. He (Mr. Hull) had many years ago taken so active a patt in the anti transportation movement that he need make no fur- ther remarks in introdncing the re- solution, which was as follows :-" That this meeting, having heard that it is the intention of the Imperial Government to continue to send large numbers of conviots to Australia, in disregard of the remon- strances of this and the neighbouring colo- nie?, and contrary to the assurances given by the Government in 1853, that after a short time the transportation of convicts to any of the Australian colonies should cease, views with consternation and sorrow the conti- nuar, co of so dire a calamity." Mr, E. L. Montefiore seconded the resolution, which was put and carried. Mr. D. S. Campbell moved the second resolution :-" That tho inhabitants of the borough of Richmond, who are most anxious to secure good moral and secular education for their families, aud who are anxious to possess thriving and happy homes for them, view the avowed intention o; the Imperial Qovernment with abhorrence, inasmuch aB the convict element, if allowed to filter amongst them, will sap and de stioy tho moral foundation and well-be- ing, to a greater or lesser degree, of every family in Victoria." He had when he first came into the colony leen told in travelling from Sydney to beware of the blacks. The only danger, however, he experienced was fre m white men-convicts and bushrangers. The spread of the crime of busbranging was a clear proof of the mischief which tho con | vict element produced. They were bound by evoiy possible constitutional means to protest against the infliction of this evil upon | themselves and their country. Dr. Wilson secended tbo resolution, and said that tho subji cfs of Her Majesty in Australia had as much light to be heard by their Sovereign as if they lived in the most populous town in EDglatd. They felt the evil of transporta- tion quite as much as it would be felt at home if it existed there. The meeting must also refhet that only the most depraved class of men were sent out here. The Hon. W. Hull spoke in support of the resolution, and said that he wished it to be understood that the Victorian people were not only loyal, but affectionate to the mother country, and had been first in every work for the alleviation of particular distresses at home. The resolution was earned unanimously. Mr. J. Judd moved the adoption of a petition to Her Majesty embodying the foregoing resolutions. This was seconded by Mr. H. Jones, and carried nan. dis. After the usual compliment to the chairman, the meeting separated. The friends and admirers of Mr. K. S. Anderson, who for six years represented Emerald-hill in the Legislative Assembly, but who was defeated at the last general election, gave him a grand banquet at the Mechanics' Instituto of that borough, last evening. Abont 130 gentlemen wore pre- sent. The cbnir was taken by Mr. T. Noble( chairman of Mr. Anderson's election com- mittee, and tho two vice chah mon were Mr. J. Whiteman, mayor of the borough, and Councillor A. Lyell. After the usual loyal and national toaBts, the Chairman proposed the health of the guest of the evening, who» when he rose, was greeted with enthusiastic and prolonged cheers. In returning thanks. he En'd that for nine ycara he ha 1 been con- nected in pobl'0 li'o with Emerald-hill. He had tco^a tit yeara mej^b;1 oí the municipal council, twice occupying the cHftir, and six years its iepies:ntative in the legislative A'-'-onibly, twlco c-cupyin° a seat in the Cabinet, brsidei bolus ore o' a Cabinet who:.; formation was abortive. In his capis'ty as Minkie-, ho mlsht say that he always felt the bo loar done to Ws d'otn'cl moro than to hlmceT. He had always tried to cany out the v'ows o" the dnlilot, and if he failed, it wn3 t^oauco he wai only one asfi'nsl many. Ile could not preiend tD state authoritatively what wa3 the cause of tho change of opinion in the distiict oí which he bad hitherto been able to gain tbo appro- bation. Some vovOrs, he knew, t'.mply de shed a chanse, and, without cavil, he hoped lucy would gain their object. Many, to, ¿ad heccme estranged b cause his opponent was preraied to go great:* lenslAs for protection than he was. From the commencement of his political career, he had advocated a re- vision of the ta'iff to favour a!r/c!s3 of keel manufacture, and he had given effect t > ihezi v'ews in a way he coe'd not expre. . Ho would have cone m far a3 the prceut Gove.nment, but perhap3 he waa op rcssd because he did not bjl'eve in the millennium which wus espcot:d from protec- tion. On the cou ti aty, he regarded immigra- tion as the more likely euro for tho prevailing depression- not the immigration of labour into a crowded market, but that of capital and ?enterprizp, wbicli «assure to follow the dls eemination at home of information respecting the cutltt3 for manufactures which existed here. Thiswould bung more money here-our ?own capital beiiig mostly tied up-and open fresh fields of employment. He had, from a feme of duty, not concealed hu opinions, and hence his defeat. Ha wos glad to find that little rancour had followed the con- test, and ho felt none himself. He was rather consoled to bo out of Parliament now, considering its present elements. At the same time, ho did not propose to abandon public life. His services would be always available in future, and wherever ho might reside, his dtuiie to forward the pros pcrily of Emeruld-till would always bo most prominent. Other toasts folio wed, including that of " The Purliamont," which was ac- knowledged by Mr. O'Grady, and that of the Chairman, who stated that but for voting by ballot, Mr. Anderdon must have been re- turned, seeing ihnt 1,031 votes were promised. The proceedings terminated in tho usual way. Wo should mention that the Hon. W. C. Haines wes unavoidably absent through illness. The twenty-first half-yearly meeting of the Prahran Mechanics' Institute was held on Tuesday evening. Mr Joshua Snowball, pre- sident of the institute, took the chair. The report and balance sheet submitted were unanimously adopted. Messsrs. McDowall Redoutt, Llewlyn, Blakemore, Fraser, and Hay were afterwards elected members of com- mittee. The usual complimentary votes to the office-bearers for the past year were passed by acclamation. No Bench sat at tho City Court yosterday, the day being a general holiday ; but his worship the mayor attended at the watch house, for the purpose of disposing of the police-list. Edward Warren, John Potter, John Donnelly, Peter Flanagan, Thomas Moody, and John Doyle, charged with drunkenness, were fined 6s. oaoh. Maria Flanagan, also a drunkard, was discharged. An old woman named Catherine Davis was sent to gaol for one month, as a vagrant. The following prisoners were re- manded till the next day r-Johanna Holland, charged with assaulting her husband ; James Smith, charged with deserting his family; George Williams and Ann Williams, both charged with petty theft ; and Henry Austin, «barged with assaulting Keppel White. Thomas Robinson, a sailor, charged with de- serting his ship, was ordered to return on board. John Stewart, for being drunk while in charge of a horse and dray, was fined IO. At the Richmond Police Court yesterday, Henry Duck, in custoJy for drunkenness, was discharged on payment of 2s. 6d. costs. Phoebe Simons, an old offender, was fined 10s, or, in default, to undergo four days' imprisonment. Louisa Oldham, a woman residing at Rowena parade, was charged with attempting to commit suicide. The attempt had been made by thrusting the point of a pair of scissors into her throat, but the wound inflicted was not of a serious nature, The prisoner, as to whose sanity doubts were entertained, was remanded for seven days, for medical examination. Thomas Jessop, charged with removing loam from Crown lands, was fined 5s ; and Margaret Moore, for abusive language, was fined 5s,, and 2s. 6d. costs. The magistrates on the bench were Mr. M'Crae (in the chair) and the Hon. Wm. Hull. At the Sandridge Police Court yesterday, a French sailor belonging to a vessel now io port was brousht up, on warrant, charged with being absent without leave. He was ordered to return to his duty, and was taken hack to his ship in charge of the police. The cases heard at Emerald-hill Police Court yestarday weie chiefly actions for tho recovery of small debt", in all of which, es c;pt two, verdicts were given for the amounts claimed, with costs. The case Bashford v, ¡Murray, a summons to show causo why certain articles alleged to be the property of the com- plainant should not be restored, was dls ?mircd by the Bench, with £1 Is. C03t". A houreholdcr, for allowing his goat to wander, was fined 2s. Gd. and 2s. Gd. coats. Messrs. T. Haig, P. J. Mai tin, and H. S. Gardner were the justices prc:ent. By the Robert Passenger wehavélhree dayB' later advices from tbe Mauritius. The Com- mercial Gazette of the 12th October contains a communication from its Madagascar corre- spondent, which states that " an Englishman ti ave! lin g a few months ago between Tama tave and Mahala, in the south, picked up in a very short time three pieces of gold embedded in quaitz, one of which has been sent to England ss a specimen, and another pre- sented to H.B.M.'s consul for Madagascar." The writer adds, that the Englishman " re- presents the quartz in which the gold was found OB jutting out fiom the red clayey bank of a gully or ravine, so steep that It could only be ascended with difficulty, having been apparent at some time violently acted upon by a flood of water or a rushing stream. Other persons have from time to time found gold or gold-dust in Mud aga-ear, and the Hovas admit that gold exists." Tho Very Rov. D¿an Hayes, on his de- parture from Gtclons, was presentad by his fiiends there with an elegant buggy and hal ness. Tho following le from the Border Post : "At the Albury District Court, last weelc, his Honour Judge Blake, and the learned counsel MeEsrs. Stephen and Forbes, appeared in court, rather to tho surprise of many, minus their wigs and gowne. It was thought at first that, as the weather was warm, the legal gentlemen were about to appear in the costume of Sayers and Heenan in the cele- brated fight ; but his Honour announced that the forensic paiaphernalia (as Sir Redmond Barry would call them) were missing, and could not be found. It is supposed by some that Mot gan, or soma of his friends, stuck-up ¡the police-court in the night; but if such a Ih'ng wme rea11y to happen, noboiy in Albury would b3 at all surprised. No one Bopposes for a moment that the police wopld pievent the judge's wij, or for that matter, tbo judge hlmse'f, from bolng cjriied off." The Alojo/cu Independent montions the fol- lowing cr-e of alineo of mind :-" On Sun- day, Mr. Noi they, fiaitcrer, of Talbot-slvcor, placed £16 in notr3 and £10 in silver in a st JW, for E&fe;íy. Next morning he lit a fire, and the notes weio entirely consumed. The eilver, although not destroyed, was very much defaced." The Seymour coircspondent of the Kilmore Free Press writes :-" Fish is BO plentiful at Seymour just now that it can b3 had for next to nothing. If we had a railway from Say monr to Melbourne, we could supply the fish- mongers with live ccd every doy." Robeite, the champion billiard player, is now at Sandhurst. On Tuesday night ho played with Mr. John Hadley, and sustained a defeat. Hadley received ß50 points, and made 1,000 by the time Roberts had scored 791. The differences betweon tho Council of the Victorian Rifle Association aud the Bendigo Rifle Corps, with respect to Colonel Ander- son's challenge cup, aio still unsettled. At a meeting of the committee of the Bendigo Rifles, on Tuesday evening, the chairman (Captain Taylor) read the following letter: "Melbourne, 18th November, 1804.-Sir, The Council of the Victorian Rifle Associa- tion has desired me to inform you, in answer to your letter of 10th November, that the council on receiving the cup from you, ac- cording to ono unquestionable condition of the match, will entertain your protest, and will be prepared to submit the matter to arbitration. Should you refuse to accede to tho council's demand for the cup, now repeated, the council desires to inform you that the council has no intention of taking law proceedings against you for the recovery of the cup, as the funds of tho asso- ciation were not subscribed for such pnrpoBosi but will consider it its duty to provide a cup for the 1st Castlemaine Corp*, and to dis qualify the members of the Bendigo Volunteer Rifles fiom membership of the association, and from competition at all future meetings and matches. I am, Sir, youri) faithfully,-M. H. Irving, Secretary V.R.A." Some discus- sion followed, and the committee resolved : " That the Bendigo Rifles having by the tenor of the resolutions passed at their last meet- ing, on Nov. l8, and Binco forwarded to the V.R.A., shown their desire to have the dispute concerning the challenge cup settled in an amicable manner, must decline to entertain the communication dated November l8, re- ceived from the secretary of tho V.R A, until Euch time es the threats contained therein are withdrawn." An instance of destitution in Geelong, brought on apparently by the indisposition of the head of a family to do work, except on his own terms, was made public during the holding of a coroner's inquest at Geelong, on Tuesday. The inqueit was on the body of a male infant, the son of Henry and Anne Giles, of Kildaie. The evidence showed that the mother of the deceased and her family had been for a length of time suffering much from misery and want. The midwife de- posed that great misery and distress were self evident in the house, and that the mother complained of having been unable to procure proper nourishment during her pregnancy. The mother (who was examined ia \¡iá) stated that she had lived very poorly of late, and had had to submit to very small meals, She had six children in all upon her hands. The father deposed that he wes unable, for want of employment, to furnish his family with the necessaries of life. He had been un- fortunate in this way for along time ; he had worked at MB trade, bricklaying, for as low a wage as Gs. a day ; had cut up a load of wood for a pound of sugar and two ouncco of tea, and would take 20j. a week if he could only get work. Twolve or fifteen shillings a week would be of no use to him towards keeping his family. Sergeant M'Sweeney deposed to knowing Giles for thelast three years; he had beard him generally spoken of as an idle lazy man. The coroner (Dr. Shaw) rebuked Giles for his treatment of his wife and family. He said he ought to bo only too glad for their Bakes to take 16s., 10s,, or even 53. a week, rather than bo idle and Bee them starve. Nothing, ho considered, could justify men sticking up for high wages, and preferring to let starvation and misery visit their famlllos to accepting low rates. Tho following particulars of an audacious robbery, perpetrated on Tuesday, at the store of Mr. J. J. Betts, at Mount Clear, Ballarat, are furnished by the Star :-" About half past nine o'clock in the morning two persons entered the store and asked to purchase a hundredweight of hoy. Mr. Betts proceeded to weigh the hay, and observed that one of tho persons was somewhat timid. A thought struck him that they were thieves, and he ran into a back room where he kent his cash-box. He immediately discovered that while he was engaged in the shop weighing the bay, two men, mates of those in the store, had entered the premises from the rear and had taken away the cash-box, which con- tained some money, the exact amount of which is not known, and scrip, to the value of £2,000, of various mining companies, besides specimens and some valuable documents. Shortly before eleven o'clock at night, De- tective Hudson and Sergeant Lamer arrested a man, named George Watts alias Stone hammer, on suspicion of being concerned in the robbery." The KourJ, Alexander Mail mentions that a much larger number of hawks has been seen at this season than at many others. It says:-"in the neighbourhood of Old Speci- men Hill, o few days (.ince, Mr. King was at an early honr in the morning awakened by loud cries from his turkejs, and on rising to ascertain the cause Baw a large hawk pre- paring to swoop up one of tho flock, in spite of the defence offered to its attack." The Ballarat Philharmonic Society con- template the performance of the oratorio of " Samson" at Christmas. Engagements have aheady been effected with Miss Ootavla Hamilton and other metropolitan soloists. Bush fires were raging last week in the neighbourhood of Majorca. According to the local papers, several hundred aores of grass were destroyed. The Horticultural and Poultry Society of the Talbot Borough held its " sec jnd spring show " yesterday, at the Cremorne Garden?, Chewton. Messrs. B. aud S. Johnson, of WilliamBtown, and Messrs.Handasyde, M'Mil lan, and Co. weie among the largest exhibi- tors. A petition to the Queen, from the women of Castlemaine, against transportation to Australia, is in course of signature. The first bush-fire of the season in the Ballarat district was visible on Monday even- ing. It appeared (says the Star) to be at tho foot of Mount Warrenheip, and to be of Bmall extent. The Maryborough A dvtrtiser observes :-" A roan named Chapel,-who resides at Bealiba, was in the act of getting into bed a few nights since, when ho found a large black snake coiled up at the foot of it. He immediately sprang out again, and despatched the rop tile." ,. On Tuesday an application was made to the Acting Commissioner of Road« and Bridges to proclaim a portion of the Glenlyon Rjad District as a separate district. The pir'shes which it was pror.xcd to detach wenj Drum- mond, Bourke, Coliban, and that poldon of the palish of Edgecombe at present included within the boundaries of the district;. The application was supposed by a deputation, headed by Mr. Shepperdcon, who presented a memorial signed by upwards of sixty of the persons on the ratopayers' roll in the several parish« named. The piinclpal reason urged in support of the memorial wai, that the interests of these placea were at va- riance with the interests of tho other por- tion of the district, and that it would bo to the public advantage to have two separate local governments. The proposed ceparation was strongly opposed by a deputa- tion from the Glenlyon Road Board,consisting of the chairman (Mr. Buscoro.be) and other gentlemen, who Btatcd that the four parishes in question contributed £287 out of a total revenue of £550, and that their separation would virtually destroy the other portion of the district. The arguments pro and con. were Btatcd at great length ; and Mr. Sullivan afterwards expiessed his opinion that no sufficient reasons had been given to induce him to accede to the prayer of the memo- rialists. If, however, it could be shown at any future time that the propased separation would be a benefit to the parishes who desirod it, and would inflict no injury upon the other portion of the district, he would be inclined to grant the application. Mr. Hull, M.L.O., and the following mombers of the Legislative Assembly were present during the in- terview:-Mr. Tucker, Mr. J. H. Wheeler, Mr. B. G. Davies, and Mr. Frazer. The Hamilton Spectator gives the following : -" A few doya ago, a girl «bout twelve years of age, the daughter of a German farmer, was walking barefooted through a paddock in which the grars was long, when she accident- ally struck a snake with her foot, and it turned and bit her just abivo the ankle. Sho at once returned home, and ber mothor scari- fied the wound, so as to induce bleeding, and then tied three ligatures round the leg, one "just above the wound, the other two above and below the knee. Dr. Stevenson was sent for, and was in attendance in less than two hours. So rapid, however, were the effscts of the poison, that by the time he arrived the girl was quite delirious, but not apparently suffering much pain. The doctor at once cut away the bitten part, applied caustic freely and allowed the ligatures to remain. At the same timebe administered fipquent small doses of brandy and am monia. This treatment was continued for soverel hours. After boin» in a sleepy delirious state for come time, the pa- tient got nearly c.omatcjo, but towards the evening, and about eisht hours öfter the in- fliction of the bite, this passed awoy, and she Beemed very much better, so that the doctor pronounced the period of dancer to be past. The next day the girl was still better, and has now completely recovered." A miner named CharleB Garland, working in a shaft at Tarnasullo, waa bain» wound np in a bucket, on Fiiday, when-through the rope "riding" on the windlass-he was jerked out of the bucket, and fell a distance of foriy fee:, receiving such injuries that he died immediately afterwards. The Daylesford flower show is fixed for Wednesday, the lath of December. Mr. Candler, district "corone1-, held inquests on Tuesday at the Yarra Bend Asylum, upon the bodies of two lunatic patients, who died on the 19th inst. One of these was named Philip Brown, aged about fifty years. He was admitted in December, 18G0, being then deaf and dumb, end suffering from dementia. His death teak place very suddenly, und was attributed, by the medical evidence and the verdict of the jury, to disaaso of the heart. The other deceaced was Philip Thoraburn, aged thirty-erven years, who was admitted in October, 1859. He was sent into the hos- pital on the 12th inst., suffering from acute dysentery, and his death was ascrib:d by the medical witne:3 to that disease. Verd'ct accordingly. Messrs. Seeley, Jackson, and Halliday, the London publishers, will is-uo the following during the approaching Beason:- Four Ser- mons Preachdbefore the University of Cambridge, by the Bishop of Melbourne. A new Anglican church at Tarnagulla was opened le«t week. Archdeacon Crawford took pari, in the cervices performed on the occa- sion. The church will be known as "St. Saviour's." Anti-transportation meetings have been held within the last ten days at Beechworth, Kyneton, St. Arnaud, Carlsruhe, Wangaratta, Daylesford, Walook, Belfast, and Hamilton. The Hamilton people are agitating for the holding of a circnit court at that place. The following gentlemen have been olected mayors for the ensuing year, but their names did not appear in the list which we published on Mondoy :-Avoca, Charles Pearson ; Beech- worth, J. B. Bowman ; Buninyong, Peter Hed- rick ; Dunolly, James Bell ; Hamilton, A. Learmonth ¡ St. Arnaud, J. W. Walker; Sale, Nehemiah Guthridge; Ararat, T. Walker; Carisbrook, W. A. Smith. At the Vaughan Police Court, lost week, five ChineEe were fined 5s. each 'for havlnt» unregistered dogs. A visit to the Hobson's Bay Soap Works would at once convince tho most determined advocate of protection that native industry does not require protection in this colony. The premises of the company, situate in La trobe- street west, do not externally attract attention, but any visitor shown through the works would perceive at once the vast supe- riority of the mode of manufacturing soap over that adopted in England. The heat which boils the soap is supplied by two steam boilers, heated by one fire, and is transmitted to the different vats by pipes so arranged as to cause ebullition both in the centre and at the circumference. The Bteam heat is found quite sufficient for the process of sapo- nification, and is more easily under con- trol. By the old process of making soap, when tho vat threatened to raise its con- tents beyond the rim, " fanning " had to be adopted-a troublesome and fre- quently an ineffectual woik. By the plan adopted at these colonial soap-works the steam can be shut off instantaneously. The tallow and grease used in the manufac- ture of the soap are " rendered," i.e. boiled down, in an establishment near the gas- works, and aTe brought to the soap-factory in iron vessels, capable of holding each 3001b. These vesselB are slightly heated by steam, and their contents are turned out in a solid mass. This saves the former troublesome expedient of " digging" out the tallow. No clay or argillaceous earth is used in the manu- facture ; and the soap, after a short exposure to tho air, becomes hard, and, whero no colouring matter is used, semi-transparent. The finer sorts of soap, and which are most in demand, are stamped with the number end hrand, by a peculiarly Bimple and Ingenious mechanical arrangement, peiformed with mnrvellouB rapidity. The toilet Eoaps aro packed in wooden boxes, sup- plied by contract. About thirty tons of soap are sent out weekly. The establishment also manufacturescandles to the extent of ten tons weekly. These are merely tallow, but are of so fine Q quality thut when held to the light they appear almost transparent. The tallow is heated by steam, and the wicks are wound by a hand machine., Tho soap produced in this establishment could lie sold in the English market at one half of-the price usually fetched theie by an ertiele of inferior quality. There wes a- geed hoaca at tho Theatre Royal hsi evening, when "Tho Tickot-of leave Man" ana "A Recular Fix" were re- peated. Tc-nigbt a complimentary benefit will to given to Mr. Jefferson, unler the patronoge of the Governor and Lady Darling. Mr. Jefferson will appear in two characters, namely, as Kip Van Wfnk'e in tho drama ofthat name, and a: Mr. Gollshtly in the amusing faice of "Lend Mo Five Shil linGS." The undoubi:d suc.crs of the Lenton troupo of artista on Tuesday evening bad the effect of drawing a crowded houseat the Hay maiket Theatre last night, and the whole of their portion of tbo entertainment from first to lest passed off even more successfully than on their üizl appearance. Mr. Loon Sam well's feats on the Binjie trapeze wero fcirfully at- tractive. Mr. G. Ridgeway, on the flying tiopm, surpassed himself, and was rewarded with a call bsfora the curtain at the oud of his performance. The audience was carried away by enthusiasm at the wonderful display of muscle and daring, and even the weaker c.x were tempted to throw their bouquets by way of acknowledgement. Scan a second time, the imiTecsion at first cieatcd is moro than con- firmed, and tho'ë eau be no doubt that the members of tbo Lenton troupe are by fir the ablest in their line who have a9 yet found their way lo Victoria. The " Diawms-voom Entertainment " was preceded by tho comedy of " Swcrthestta and Wives," aud followed by tho faice of " A Kiss in the Dirk." 