IUraUToxraTr j-iiD uuu season nas driven some of our con temporaries into snake stories, while others have sought refuge in enormous cabbages. The Gee- ong Advertiser, anxious for singularity, breaks out in the following budget of very unreliable politi cal gossip : " To begin, it is asserted that the Government, on the re- assembling of Parliament, n iu encounter a well-organised Opposition under ii ln?ss3r> anJ that the stock subject of debate will be in connection with the revenue derived from the sale of runs by auction, and the cur tailment of farmers' commons in the vicinity of certain, mining districts. Mr Heales, on the other hand, is stated to have said that during the recess he has so fortified himself with facts — and facts are stubborn things — as will enable bun to successfully combat the O'Shanassy faction, with the hon. Member for West Geelong and his party thrown in. There are, however, a number of political Saxby's who will prognos ticate impending storms, and confidently pre dict that the 26th and the following days of this month will be periods of great danger to the hon. Minister of Lands and Survey, if not to his colleagues generally. Many hon. Members who would feel uncomfortable out of Parliament, but whose constituencies are not over well pleased with their past services, are on the qui vive for " fresh fields and pastures new," while other aspirants for political fame are equally on the alert, and are anxiously looking forward to a dissolution. Among the changes mentioned is the rumour that Dr Evans will retire from the representation of Maryborough and seek the suffrages of the electors of North Melbourne, under the patronage of the Roman Catholic episcopacy. Mr Quinlan, a protege of Mr Hugh Glass, and whose deeds on the Loddon are still fresh in every one's memory, is spoken of as a probable candidate for Avoca. Mr Langton, who was rejected for Collingwood and East Melbourne at the last election, will be brought forward -with Mr Simeon Cohen to oppose Mr Graham Berry and Mr Don, provided these two gentlemen should again put up. In the event of Mr Berry being defeated for ColliDgwood, there is some prospect of Mr L. L. Smith, taking him in hand for South Bonrke. The O'Shanassy party are determined to oppose Mr E. Cohen for East- Melbourne, but no mention has yet been made of the coming man. Mr MTntyre is not unlikely to run with Mr Howard a close race for the representation of Sandhurst. Mr Humfiray, for'Ballarat East, will find an opponent in Mr Weekes. Mr A. Mackenzie has been alluded to as a candidate in the Opposition interest for South Grant. Dr Girdlestone and Mr Ramsay will again stand for their respective constituencies. Mr Wright and Mr Frazer appear to have become tired of Parliament, and the Ovens and Cres wick electors will have to look out for some one else. Mr J. H. Brooke will not abandon West Geelong unless compelled, and for North Melbourne a second candidate is likely to turn up in Captain Radcliffe. Mr J. D. Wood purposes trying Beeckworth, his recent visit to Warrnambool not being sufficiently encouraging to justify repe tition. An endeavour will be made to oust Mr J. T. Smith for West Bourke, and the Member for Evelyn, Mr Thomson, will find an opponent in a local candidate. A place will have to be secured for Mr Chapman, and as Mr Ireland has stated that he will not accept office for the next four years, we may look forward to Mr Chapman being one of the Law Officers in the event of a new Ministrv beincr formed. What distant hopes however !- -Herald, Jan. 9. The English mail is now overdue, and news maybe expected via South Australia, at any moment. On reference to our file of J anuary, .1863, we find that the Madras (which brings the mail on this occasion also) was four days after her time in reaching Melbourne in that month, a very heavy head gale having been experienced, lasting for six successive days in the Indian Ocean. It will be remember ed that when the Madras entered Port Philip Bay the weather was so stormy, and the smoke of many bush- fires made navigation ; so difficult, that the Ma dras brought ?up off Brighton, but was forced soon afterwards to slip her cable in a squall. r— Argus. ; Tub Insolvency Circular published on 1st Janu ary, contains a list of persons who have filed schedules in Melbourne and Geelong. In the former place there are entered 2 butchers, 2 boarding-house keepers, 1 blacksmith, 1 brick- maker, 2 bakers, 1 bookkeeper, 1 bricklayer, 1 county court bailiff, 2 carpenters, 1 coach pro-; prietor, 1 cabinetmaker, 1 cab driver, 1 dairyman, 1 engineer, 1 fancy goods dealer, 1 fruiterer, 2 farmers, 2 grocers, 2 gardeners,- 1 journeyman butcher, 3 labourers, 8 miners, 1 poulterer, 7 publicans, 1 ship 'carpenter, 1 storekeeper, 1 soap and candle maker, 1 traveller, (brewer's), 1 timber merchant, 1 unnamed, and 1 yeoman. In the Geelong district are entered — 2 carpenters, 1 farmer, 1 miller, 1 miner, 4 publicans, 2 store keepers, 1 sheepfarmer, and 1 tailor. The lia- bilities range from a few pounds to many thou- sands. In Melbourne, William Crossley, tim- ber merchant, sets down his liabilities at £7697 os, and his assets at £19,140 1s 2d. John Calder, miner, Melbourne, has his liabilities set down at £946 10s 4d, and his assets at £99 2s.. In Geelong, the liabilities of Duncan Cat- tenach, sheepfarmer, are set down at £78o2, and the assets at £3216. THE THEATRE was not well attended on Satur- day evening, in consequence of the inclemency of the weather. The Company, however, nothing daunted, went through their programme with credit and spirit. We fear Mr Holloway's " benefit" existed only in name. He certainly deserved a better fate. The manner in which he plays the part of the Ticket-of-Leave Man is highly creditable. He was well supported by Miss A. Lockkart, Mr. H. Edwards, Mr and Mrs McGowan, and in fact the whole Company. Mr McGowan deserves a special word of praise for the very clever manner in which he personates the old Jew. It is by no means an easy part. We hope the Haymarket Company will have fine weather and good houses this week. _ " Lady Audley's Secret" will be performed to-night. A YANKEE BELLRINGER.—A tall, awkward- looking chap, just from the Green IVlountains of Vermont, came on board one of the splendid North River boats at Albany. He commenced " peaking," as he called it, into every nook and corner in the boat. At last he caught sight of the bell. This was the crowning wonder, and 1 he viewed it from every position, walked round it "ot down on his knees and looked up it, and exclaimed, " Wall, this beats the bell on our meeting-house a darned sight. By this time the attention of the captain and several ot the passengers was attracted to this genius. " How much would you ask to let a fellow iipg this bell ?" " You may ring it for a dollar, Sir, said the captain. " Wall, it's a bargain, all fan and agreed to, and no backing out. It s a bargain, Sir," said the captain. Our hero went deliberately and brought a seat, and took hold of the bell-rope, and having arranged every thing to his satisfaction, commenced ringing, slowly at first, and gradually faster and faster, till everybody on board thought the boat was on hre, and rushed on deck, screaming with alarm. There stood the captain, and there sat the « Vairmounter, " ringing away, first slow and then fast, and then two or three taps at a time. The passengers began to expostulate, the captain .aid Ft was a bargain. But the passengers be came urgent that the eternal clangour should be stopped. All the while there sat our hero undisturbed, ringing more Am a cockney chimeringer ever dreamed. At last the captain bean to think it time to stop the . simpleton ; but his answer was, "A fair bergam and no backing out," and he rang away fq deal lite. « Wed!" says the captain, " what will you take to stop 3 " " Wall, cap'n I guess I shan t loose nothing if I take five dollars and a free passage to New York, but not a darned cent less. " Well Sir, walk down into the office and get oriAv and a passage ticket, answered the captain.— American Scrapbook. 