bEC'AY OF NATIVE An interesting article written by Mf W. L. Morton appears in last week's AuSlHitcisim, entitled " Physical Changes resulting from Australian Colonization," The subject more particularly treated-" the decay of our native forest trees" is one which must have engaged the attention of every one in the habit of travelling. In this district the forests of dead trees so frequently, met with, ai'e most noticeable features of the landscape, and the causes which have led to their decay have been the subject of much speculation. The theories advanced in the following extract may serve as a clue to. the unravelling of the mystery : Thodccny of, our native forests lion attracted tho notlcc of jmmy observers, mid various theories liave "boon propounded In attempting to account for their destruction. Some believe that the trampling find consolidation of,tho surface soil by stock, thereby pre venting' the descent of a sufficient quantity of water and air to tho roots of the trees, is the real cause j others think that it Is the otlbct of gnilw-tho ova of insects deposited in the bark becoming grubs, which cut their way under, tho bark and Into tho timber j others consider tho natural .term ofoxlstcnco has expired, and that the trees arc dying pf old, age, whilst tho growth of young trees to take their pliico Is prevented by the browsing of stock; a fourth class of oteervers hold that the des truction la caused by bush fires. » Fact.* ar<> better than -opinions and theories; hut unfortunately, in reference to great changes taking place silently in nature, facts havo often to lie supple mented with theories, My own observation so far as it has been extended, has led me to tho conclusion that nearJyail thn physical changes already referred to, as wqli as the remarkable increase of native animals and thp modification in climatc, arc duo to ouo causo, 'namely, the consumption of the natural grasses ,by stock; The following' seems to bo the chain of clr cumitaiicea producing these results;-Thu .natural grasses, are eaten off by stock; bush.fires, which in tli.i early days of settlement used to sweep over ,the wJioln face of tho country, are no longer possible; the recently- deposited ova of beetles (and-other Insects thum.wives, are not now destroyed, oxenpt it may bo by local burnings.. Inseotshave thus much mulH plied, The- great destroying agont which kept tlio ncreasc of insect life in check Jias been , ouddonjy ro-» moved, Yost annion of beettes:ni)d caterpillars .con sumo tlio leaves of trees,' and decay and death follow ns «. matter of course. Hero it mny.be remarked, that th<J destrufetitm of whole crops , of cereals , by .insects during recent years is to hi* similarly accounted for. Tlio trees which have polished and those, which are deciding In tho pastoral districts all'belong to the eucalypti genua, and consist chlcfly of tho following species :TThc m|uinn tree, tho lvdgum, \and the box tree. Tho CUKU minus,; the bmikslas, ami tho acacias., are all healthy, gmwiug ride by f;jde with the dead eucalypti. , 1 . It might bo, argued that IP tho trani|>lhfg of stock has killed ona species of tree It must havo had some ii^Jurious effcotuinou rithcra. Bush fire#, again, very seldom kill any. ortho'eucalyptij which aw admirably provided with non- conducting bark, whereas those species of trees which are. alive havo Jjavk; inferior In tlilarespect.; and they liro frequently' killed by bush ;flros, ? Gruos which cut their way into tho wood of trees flro notoriously the' bnuo of acacias and all tho" i^pe lies wh'ch are nliyc possess n foliaffo which cattlo ;arpfond of, whilst they seldom touch tho falirige of tho eucalypti. That old ago is not the causo is lipparent ft'om the fact that trees of all agtis aro dead. A ;littlo olwervntlon bestowed on those, trees now decaying renders all such arguments unnodessary.1 Tt clearly appears that, insects, are tlio destroyers. On many trees wlilch I havo examined there did not exist a perfcct loafj all tho leaves were more or less eaten, scarcely any portion of them remaining but tho con trol rib. As these continue to maintain their vitality apparently for a loiig period, fhoy probably prevent auy fresh, effort being made to renew the foliage, and as the leaves so mutilatod are ^wholly inadequate to supply tho want, of the trees, they soon perish. I have couuted as m«uy as'thirty eatjrnlllars reposing on asiu^l j'lcaf, pre.-erml apparently for the purpose, tho other leaves near being all consumed In the manner abovo referred to. In somo isolated spots the destruction of trees is doubtless duo to other causes. Itls found, for exiuuplo, that tho treeson cattle-camps are frequently all dead, a result probnbly of excessive tramping Of tile soil, combined with an over-supply , of liquid nianuro in dry weather. Iu slight depres sions, again, ail the trees are dead, whilst those 011 tho «lopes around ore alive; tho collection mid retention ot'suif <i: water, through the tram] ling of tho soil, is probably the du*troying cause, fbr.with-tho. exception of redgum and a peculiar variety of box, there aro few Australian tw.es which can endure a total sub mersion of their roots, for uioro than a short period.. Having mild tlila »>>!oh regarding the general decay of trees'I11 the pastoral districts,, it may bo proper hero to alludo to the samo results observed on tho slopes of the hills and mouutalus, In those localities the des truction is. not a consequence'of colonization. Over wide areas tho largo trees aro all dead, but tho same appearances wore observed by tho first settlors, A careful observation of facts can lead to no other con clusion than that bush fires havo destroyed them. The localities where the trees are ko destroyed are elevated and moist j tho soil Is rich j there is a dense undergrowth offe'rns, fern trees, or herbage j vegeta ble matter accumulates for perhaps half a century j some unusually dry season occurs, the vegetable matter Is consumed by bush fires, which destroy oven tlio largest trees. It in a very couious fact, that trees Srowing in such regions are usually' provided with d »Jn bark, uot adapted liko that of trees elsewhere to rosist intense heat, I Tho decay oi trees iu tlio pastoral districts will lend to a great improvement in tlio posturos, both as to the quantity and quality of tho herbage, l'or many Years hnwovcr, thn surfaco will bo greatly obstructed, as is already, by fallen timber. Tho soil, too, will bo raoro moist, and probably also in somo localities bo loss suilablo for sheep then formerly. : But where will the destruction end; If, after having destroyed tho trees II tlio pastoral districts, Insects extend tliolr ravages to other members of tho eucalypti 011 tho ranges and mountains, as tho will probably do, It is hard to say wfiut a ruMous.cfii'ct such a calamity might have upon tlio climatc.: , A GKNTLUMAN ; on bonni n steamboat with his family was nekml by -hia children, ' what innkos the boat go?' when he gave thorn 11 very minute descrip tion ofrhaehluory nndits principle, in tUofollowing1 ^yorUf;-' You see, my dears, this thingumbob here gbe3 dowu through that hole nnd fastens thejigronrce. nnd then connects with tho crinkum-crankum; nnu< then that mini-lie's the engineer, < you know-kind o' atiiM lip tho-wlmt-do-yoii-cnll-it with along poker mul they all shove along and tho boat KOCS a»head.' : A sour old bachelor says, ho always looks under the marrlago head it>r tho news of the weak, f Tins Nativjs COMFANION PHOTKCTIN« itb Yo VNo.~Oh' Saturday Inst,- Mr Smith, a Sniythea dnlogentloman,! had some business to transact with Mr Currisj 'owner of Mount Elephant Station, Whilo within some fifteen miles of his' destination,; alnrgc tract of.marshy ground lay before him,. - Having headed Ills horse to cross it tho rider was proceeding Very steadily through the swamp,- when a native com panion','apparently leaving its nost, emerged from the Tushes, and glided along a few yards,' Mr Smith at qncoToincd his horse in tho direction of tho n^st, intent on nwklngrhimsolf acquainted with whatever it might contain. ,Th<? fowl, on seeing this, turned pud rushed at tho horsewlth nlglititil S'eretmi?, and flapped ;it3'Win'g9l so fiercely' that tho> animal, though liko ^Mngiglo," " by thohand and heel admonishad;" not. ; only refused to go forward, but actually wheeled and ' ran luway. .Determined not tOfbb outdono, Mr Smith' brought his steed back to tho scene.pi' action. , Tltja. tirna fiowevor, ho was even lesj successful; tlio fen-' tliered warrior flow;at tho liorso, causing lilm to rear aikl plungo wildly, and ono of t,ho stirrups getting .broken in tho encounter, the rider was well-higli bbiug sowed in th(5 marsh; indeed ho was at last glad to'tako -Iiis dopavture,,..as tho male bird had now Arrived, and no doubt would have eoitio ferociously to' tho asswtorico of his mate. Tho high sounding- yabber in which the pair gnvo vont to their feelings as Mr Smith rodt) off was apparently tho vorhacular in which they chant their poeans; and they kept up tho humiliating concert of discord till ho was Ihr beyond tlio coniines of their lonoly territory. bOrcnvillo A(l~ vocatc* 