I TUESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1805. It would not Lavo boen in accordance w'tli etiquette for any member of the Miuisliy to be picsent at the meeting last evcD:Dg at St. George's-Jiall, or he would have obtained a lively illustration of the effecLs of the policy whick the Cabinet Las pursued duiing the present year, and a representation of the in congiuoua elements which exist within the Cabinet itself. To call it a coalition Ministry would not bo to give a just de- scription of it. It is a Ministry com- posed of men whose views upon public que3tiors are directly antagonistic. rrce-tratler3 and protectionists associate together withm the charmed circle, not only in amity but in loving fellowship. Having each distinctive views, they have mutually agreed to suirender them, to toss up for a policy, and' to accept the result. The meeting of last ever:ng was a motley assemblage also, and theiein it bore the likeness of the Cabi- net, It did not resemble the Govern- ment, however, in the coidiality existing among those who composed it. This may be owing, perhaps, to the fact that their interests wefe not identical, as - are those of the Ministry. Whatever may be the cause of the difference in temper and feeling displayed among those who constituted the meeting, certain it is that there was as groat a diversity of sentiment as is to bo found in the Cabinet itself. The proceedings ex- hibited a scene which may bo described as "confusion worse confounded." Cheers and counter cheers, groans and hisses, demands for order and appeals to the chair alternated, so as to produce an impression that all possible political elements had been brought together in order to betray their mutual repulsions and antipathies. Al- though the speakers who were announced to take part in the proceedings were men whose powers of oratory and argu- ment aro of the highest in the com- munity, their oratory and ratiocination were rendered all but unavailing by the confusion intentionally and persistently caused by the protectionist rowdies, who had rushed the hall in order to effect by clamour what they could not accomplish by argument. Had Mr. M'CULLOCH and his colleagues been among the lookers-on, they would hive seen in the meeting just such a diver- sity of Bentiment as exists among them ? selves ; and if the want of fellowship observable contrasted with the cordiality displayed in the Cabinet, they must in candour have acknowledged that they had themselves caused the confu- sion which was exhibited before thom. They have succeeded-can they deny it 1-in setting class against class, and in exciting animosities which but for them would never have been observed. Had Mr. HIOINBOTIIAM been present his equanimity would havo been dis- turbed. With a prejudice which is perhaps pardonable, the Attorney General attaches an importance to the opinion of a lawyer which he does not attach to that of a layman. He would hafte heard the opinions of lawyers expressed yesterday evening strongly condemnatory of the legality of the proceedings which have been taken, under the advice of himself and of Mr. MICHIE, and witli a force which must have disturbed even his self- conceit. The opinions of Mr. WOOD, Mr. DAWSON, and Mr. WiLBEiiroKOB STEPHEN-men at least his equals in professional attain- ments-might well cause him to rovlevv the proceedings of the law officers, if not to retrace his steps. And if Mr. "WOOD'S scathing exposure of bis incon- sistency had aroused his anger, he could scarcely have denied that the exposure had been richly deceived. Mr. ÛIGIN BOTHAM caused the stoppage of the supplies in deference to the consti- tutional powers of the Upper House, and yet he can not only counsel the col- lection of the duties under the new taiiff by the mere resolution of the Assembly, but also threaten with pen ii consequences those who question the legality of his procedure ! If the spectacle presented in Sb. George's-hall, however, should have been mortifying to any Minister who might baye been present, how much more so was that exhibited in tho Eastern Market? We are accustomed to hear strong Language when the stump is erected there, but at no previous period of agitation was the invitation to vio- lence made in plainer language. The text with most of the speakers was, that the law should be broken, that what they deemed to be right might be imposed perforce upon the community. To this complexion it has come at last. The Ministry appeal for moral suppoit to those who sympathise with them, and the Eastern Market re- plies as a Petorloo mob might have re- plied, by at once recommending the employment of physical force. That the vast crowd assembled round the furni turc-vnn, from which these revolutionary doctrines were preached, did not respond to the advice tendered to them, speaks for the good sense of the people. Thau the outcry failed to iuflame the listeners, however, does not lessen the vicious ncss of the attempt to lead them into evil. For the sentiments ut- tered and the hints given, we hold the Ministry directly respon- sible. They have called to their fol- lowers for support, and this is what their supporters give them. If it is possible for the Minister of Justice to blush-if it is within the bounds of chanco that the Attorney-General could feel ashamed of himself-if it is within reason to think that men who have brazened it out as Mr. M'CULLOCH and Mr. FXUNCIS have done could feel ashamed of their folly -this meeting in the Eastern Market, even more than this riot'in St. George's hall, should bring their better sense to shame them for the wilful and dangerous course which they have taken, and the reckless and injurious persistence with which they follow it. The meetings of last night bave a very grave lesson in them for the Ministry and the country. The resolu- tions adopted at the one contain a peifect bul of impeachment, such as could have been preseuttJ against no preceding Ministry in this colony ; nothing proposed at the other an- swered, or met to any extent, the plain unvarnished tale of wrong- doing done by the M Culloch Ministry. The speakers at the one sought by sound and unanswerable logic to prove piopositions which are held to be true by the bulk of the people of this colony, as to the conduct of the Ministry in provoking this crisis and aggravating its severity. No answer could be made at the other. Absence of argument could only be filled up by senseless threats, degrading to a community which enjoys universal suffrage and the bal- lot, and in which all artificial dis- tinctions between man and man have been removed. The protectionists of the Eastern Market argue that since they cannot establish the rightfulness of their cause by reason, they must give effect to their wishes by force ! What we must ask Mr. MICHIE and Mr. HiGiNBOTUAM-does this mean ? They aro responsible for it ; their advice has led to it : they must have foreseen it, or they weie but blind guides leading the blind. Are they prepared to take the advice tendered to them, aud try a resort to force 1 What else do they mean 1 If they aro not prepared for such a contingency-and we cannot yet think they have so far forgotten themselves and their duty-most heartily must they feel ashamed of the spirits which carne to their help last night. We ask them to pause and pon- der. It is better to dare the disap- pointment of their supporters by a retreat, than to draw down upon themselves the just auger of the com- munity by perseverance in a course which must produce mischief of acharac fermorcorless serious. They have brought matters to a point at which every man who respects tho law, and has a regard for the good name of the country of his adoption, must take b's stand against them. We trust they will not misread the lessons which last night's meetings ought to teach them. We are too much in the habit of ne- glecting the wants and improvement of our bush population. Out of sight they are out of mind, too ; and while every caprice of towns-people is a matter of study and debate, wo can scarcely be said to be even acquainted with the evils which affect so seriously the well-being and social condition of those who may be called the squatting working class. How great those evils are, we are reminded by Mr. .GIDEON LANG, in his recent address to the Deniliquin Mechanics' Institute, a society, the pro- gress of which we hail with satisfaction as the harbinger of a better era in the bush. Every one who has travelled much in the bush must have 'observed the miserably unsocial relations which exist, in too many cases, between the squatter and his men, the thoroughly demoralised condition of the class known as "station " hands." Living in blank solitude, or herded together in huts, without wives or families, spending their existence in dreary idleness, or engaged in hardoning pursuits, and far from the influences of civilisation, religiouB service's, or instruc- tion, these men, in any case, aro too much in danger of degenerating into semi-barbarism. Their own improvidence frequently completes their debasement. Every few months of this half savage If ind of life it is their regular custom to leave service, and basten to the nearest ,bush publichouse, to spend every penny of their wages in diink. At all times of the year, the traveller can observe about these bush shanties a number of wild, miserable lookiug men, either fiercely excited or helplessly prostrated by drink. When their score is nobblerised out, they aie quickly warned off the place perhaps cheated as well as brutal- ized, and with empty pockets tho dis piiited outcasts tramp off to seek by a few months' moro work the means of their next cheerless debauch. But, un- less in sheaiing time, it being no easy matter to get new employment, the misery these men often suffer in scekin» it is extreme, and, however owing to their own impiovidence, cannot be contem- plated without concern. Their difficul- ties are greatly increased by a still more debased class than themselves, the class of mere loafers, who Uve entirely by a system of forced benevolences levied on the squatters. These men spend the whole year in lounging along from station to station, claiming at each the night's lodging and a daily supply of food, robbing wherever it is safe, and often perpetrating the most atiocious outrages in revenge for denial of hospi- tality. Some of the most calamitous bush-fires owe their origin to these outlaws. Providing the wanderers of both classes with supplies has proved such a serious burden that many squatters refuse to receive any wayfarers at a'l, and thus the station hand, returning from his carouse, though really want'ng work, is often reduced to the brink of starvation before he finds it. Mr. LANG says that at one time he found the ex- pense of supplying the tramps so great, being over £500 a-year, that he re- solved to turn them all off for the future. However, the very first men who came broke down his resolu- tion. Idle or not idle, criminal or meri toiious, starvation was marked in every line of their haggard faces, no took them in, gave them employment, aud aftei wards learned that they really were station-men out of work, that they had travelled over 500 miles seek'ng it, and that before they came to him they had been living a week upon marsh-mallows. Whatmakes therecklessness of bush work- men the more deplorable is, that they all have it in their power, by the exercise of ordinary prudence, to make them- selves independent. Their wages aie good ; and, unlike employés in settled d'stiicts, they can save nearly every perny if they choose. A shephetd can get £50 a-year ; £40 of this ho cou'd easily put by, and thus, after a very few years' steady service, would have the means of starting himself in some rural industry. If mamage became more general among bush men, they would have greater in- ducements to steady conduct, and their everyday life would not be of that cheer- less hopeless kind which drives them to seek short respites in periodical seasons of intoxication. The voices of children and the welcome of a wife would de- prive the loneliest out-station of its dreariness. Nor would the exigencies of station work be so incompatible with married life as is sometimes pretended ; certainly not, at least, for that consider- able portion of the year during which the position of the huts can bo fixed. No prudential motives need re- strain marriage in the bush, for any employer would willingly pro- vide for the increase of rations to secure the permanent service of trustworthy men. Mr. LANG'S suggestion of cheap bush libraries, to supply light and useful reading, is well worthy of the squatters' attention. It is one of those very sim- ple means which can be easily employed, and which may produce the best îe snlts. The shepherd, loitering about all day after his flocks, is likely to be a much better man if he has a newspaper or enterla'P'ng book by bim, than if he is left to work himself cranky on his own vacant thoughts, " For the sum of £7," says Mr. LANU, " the employer could purchase 100 " volumes, and the library could after " wards be kept up for a couple of " pounds a-year. Many squatteis have " such libraries on their stations ; I " have had one for twenty yeare, " greatly to the benefit of tho men, " and, I believe, much to my own " profit, for my experience has proved " that leading men do not loso their " sheep." We hope that the attention of pastoral propiietors will not bo directed in vain to this subject. A wise self-interest should prompt them to improve, what the address before us calls in plain but just language, "the " miserable relations between themselves " and their workmen." Even some increase of actual expenditure would bo wisely made, if the steady sei /ice of careful and cared for men could be substituted for the haphazard job-work of the half savage nomads who prowl about the country. They must lemem ber, too, that property has its duties as well as its rights, and its duties are not all performed by the mere payment of wages to its workmen as to so many instruments of toil. A large number of squatters show that they appreciate these truths, and know how to combine interest with duty, and we trust that their example will not be lost upon their brethren. The following is the Parliamentary busi- ness on the paper fjr this afternoon.-Legis- lativo Courjcil-Comidcration of messines from the Legislative A^smbly on the sut ject of the Public Works Law Amendment and Consolidation Bi'i, and tho Mining Livr Amendment Bill. Legislative Assenibly Question by Mr. Girdlestone with rc3p'ot to quarantine arrangement:); question by Mr. Dane as to the propriety of a poUco mogla trato acting an director to an iDsnranea effie ; order of the day for the committal of tho Customs Duties Liwa Amendment Bill; ana two motions by Mr. Greevea-ono for tho tabulation of vital statistics, the other in favour of the establishment of a registry for Victorian debentures. It is to ba presumo! that while tbo Houses are sitting, tho message of the Legislative Asäjmbly, assenting to a conference on the subject of the Waterworks Bill, will bo conveyed to the Legislative Councl'. Mr. JameB G. Carr, who formerly rapro sented South Grant in the Loglalatlvo As- sembly, is a candidats for the Eaîtem Province in opposition to Mr.Halner. ; The general treasurer of tho Ilombrook Ragged Schools bega to acknowledge, with many thank-?, the receipt of £10 10J. f'om Mesera. Sargood, King, and Sargcid ; and. collected fcy MÎ33 Packle, the'sam of £7 la. lOd. The number of visitors to the National MOSOUMB of natural his-Lory, gco'ogf, and economic goology applied to mining agri- culture, and the ar.s, for the week ending Cth August, was 2,973 ; for the month of July, 7,378. The anti-Ministerial mceiingat St. George's Hal), yesterday evening, wa3 a successful but also a most uproatouB demonstration. The hall was certainly «over to densely p eked before. There was a largo and e irncsi majo- rity prceent to " condemn the lawk?1 and unconstitutional proceeding of the Ministry," but a considerable body of protectionist alao obtained admittance, and ma le np in noise for their deficiency in numbera, Toe spnkera -Mr. J. B. Woo], Mr. W. Sl^phen, Mr. J.W. Stephen, Mr. C. J. Djwcon, and Mr. W. K. Thompson-were forced to b3 contant for the most patt with inexplicable dumb show; fights were frequent, and alt pother there was realised a sceno of "most admired disorder." Necessar'ly the delivery of tbesp^chea, even aBfar as the reportsrs were concerned, was seriously interfered with, but tho two resolu- tions submitted were cairied by decided ma- jorities. Wo loam by telegram from Sydney that Ganeial Cameron has oriivcd ther», on his way to England, accompanied by Colonel Neill and Major-General Carey. Sir Duncan proceeds homewards by the next mail steamer. His request to be allowed to retui n to England was not complied with, it app-an, unti' it had been resolved to reduce the strength of the army materially. Five regiments are ordered home, and among them the dOth, so well known in Melbourne, where it was tlationed for a lengthened period. Brigadier General Chute succeeds b~> the command of the army In New Zealand. The detention of the s.s. London in quaran- tine has, we hear, been occasion; 1 by the re fjeal of six persons on boaid to bo vaccinate i. Their Dames were tran=mittsd to tho autho- rities, and an order of the Governor in Council to land them at the Sanitary Station waa sent down yesterday afternoon. Tho ship will be forthwith released. She has been thoroughly fumigated, and all on board are reported to be in Eound health. Those who have had the small-pox havo boen landed. An application was mado to the Miuistor of Roads and Bridges yesterday, by a deputa- tion, ihtroduced by Mes=ra. Randall and Pope, that tho road from the Banner of War Hotel to Carngham should bj proclaimed a main road to the Western district. Mr. Sullivan snggettcd that tho matter should b3 allowed to stand over for his consideration, as at pre- sent tho fund for main roads was exhaustsd, and beside-", ho Baw great objeotion ti taking action in the matter in consequonce of his having recently proclaimed a parallel ro^d between Smythesdale and the Lintons. Mr. Pedro Nisser, of Melbourne, has mado application for a patent for a now compound for blasting purposes, and a3 a substitute for the usa of gunpowder in ure arm«. M>. Nieser claims for his invention that the article can bo manufactured at a price balow that at which gunpowder can he imported, and that its explosive rower is from twenty to thirty per cent, greater. It is the patentje'a inten- tion shortly to have a public trial of his in- vention, which will afford an oppoilonity of testing its merits. In one only of the thre3 wards into which East Co'Ungwood ia divided for mun'cipal purposes will there bs a contest, viz.. Barkly Ward. Mr. Thomas Greenwood has withdrawn his candidature from Victoria Ward. A crowded meeting waa last evening held at the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald hill, Mr. J. Atkinson in the chair. Mr Edwards and Mr. Bees addressed the rate- payer^ and expressed their views as can didates for seats in the council at the en suing borough elections. Mr. Edwards was proposed by Mr. J. Stoad, seconded by Mr Kimmo; Mr. Bees was proposed by Mr Kecke, seconded by Mr. Wafers. Both gen tlomenwere very favourably rec :i ve J; and the meeting was, throughout the evening, mest ordorly. The nomination of offics-bearora for the North Melbourne Building and Investment Society took placo in the Court-house, Hotham, lait evening. The elections will be determined by a ballot, which is to be taken on Friday night. The result of tha ballot for nine membsrsof committee of the Third Victoria Building Socioty was annou-ced yesterday at the society's office, as follows :- Air. Alston, 434 ; M'Olure, 350; Valantine, 311 ; Mourifz, 328; Mason, HU., 319; Finn, 318; O'Qrady, 300: Stevens, 245; M'Donald, 21C. Early yesterday morning, a sun-fish was captured at low water on the mud flat at the head of the hay, by the boats of the ponai hulks. Its estimated weight is about 600 pounds. The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Melbourne Exchange Company was held yesterday, at the offices, Quemlnsuranco buildmgs, Queen-street. Mr. James Graham presided. The report, read by the secretary (Mr. John Bussell), showed a balance of £405 3s. Od. to the credit of the half year. The chairman stated that this amount would allow a dividend of £111s. Gd. p:r Bhare. On the motion of Mr. W. M. BeH, seconded by Mr. G. Martin, the report was adoptîd. Mr. >S. P. Lord proposed that a dividend of £111s. Cd. per share be declared. The motion was seconded by Captain D*ne and adopbd, and the proceedings thereupon clonrd. The South Yarra, Prahran, and St. Kilda Early Closing Association held a general meeting at the Eoyal George Hotol, Prahran, last evening. Mr. John Mitchell occupied the chair. After some delay, a snh committee was deputed to audit the account?, after which the financial statement was laid before the meeting. This document was a brief summary of the proceedings and position of the association, showing an adverse balance of £0 14a. Gd., elaborated as follows ¡-Cash paid AugUBt 7, £45 8a. Gd., against £41 4a. receipts, leaving £4 43. Gd. due to the trea- surer; by ball at the Town-hall, £24 153. £2810i. Gd. On the othor hand, the not profit of the fruit soiree and concert was set down as £19 ös., leaving the balança duo to the treasurer as £9 14a. Gd. The report was adopted, A general half-yearly meeting of the mem- bers of the Victoria Baclng Club was held at Scott's Hotel yesterday afternoon ; Mr. F. O. Standish in the chair. Tho businees con- sisted Eohly in the election of a committee, with whom rests the appointment of the other office bearers. The members cho:en wore Me6sie. J. Blackwood, H. Creswick, O. S. HOES, J. Henty, B, G. Goldsbrough, J. P. Maguire, H. Power, J. G. Dougherty, and H. Fiehcr. The hon. treasurer, Mr. Bagot, submitted a .half-yeaily balance sheet, which showed that the receipts fortbe period-inclu- ding a balance of £476 Ila. 4d. from 1861; entries at the autumn moeting of 1865,*£3B5 ; Pioceeds of autumn meeting, £328 8a, 9J. ; and spring meeting, Melbourne Cup entries £260 lB.-amounted to £1,833 Is, 2d. ; while the ex- penditure-including stakes paid, £1,962; and secretary's salary, £125,-amounted to £2,103 9«- 3d.; leaving a balance, of £270 8a, Id. due to the Bunk of New South Wales. The chair man remarked that hu considered the club'd position as eminently satisfactory, as it had cleared off Esma £C50 of tho debt it com- menced- with; pnd thero could b3 littlo doubt hut that, with the improvements made to the racecourse and the attractive pro- grammes put forward, the next two meetings would result in a brilliant financial sucse?3. Tho following genllemon wore elected stewards of the club for the present year ¡-Messrs. Hurtle Fisher, R. Goldabrougb, George Watson, J. F. Magere, and Captain Standish. The usual annual festival of the Indepen- dent Order of Rechabites, Victoria Tent, Hotham, was celebrated hit evening, at tho Wesleyan Schco's, Howard- sfcrcst.by a public tea-meeting. After tea, the prooecdings wore enlivened with some music«' solectlons ; and addreEseB were dellvored by tho Rev. J. Dare, and other advocates of the t9mperance cause. There was a very large company present. The monthly meeting of the Victorian Horticultural Improvement Society was hold last evening, at tho Mechanics' Institute. Mr. W. Somnor presided. Mr. W. Fergusson exhibited some specimens of the Persimmum, a Japanese orange, which, from tho character of the rind, is eminently adapted for con- serving, and is applied extensively to this purpose in China. It wai stated that the fruit wes well suited to this elimata, a3 was evidenced by the fest that trees iu the grounds of Mr. Hugh Glaäs, at Flemington, now four years old, had this eoason vieldod upwards of two bushels each. Au interesting discussion followed as to tho stocks best adapted for the several species of fruit-trees. An inquest was held yesterday by Mr. Candler, on the body of Joaoph Grave, aged »ixty-three jcars, who died from the effects of an injury received in an accidental fall down stairs on the 1st lust. Deceased had been lodging at a boardinghouso in King-street. He was said to be very weak and decrepit. On ihe day mentioned he was about to descend the stairs of the house, when one of the othor lodgers offered to as3ÍBt him. Deceased declined, saying that he could get down by himself. The lodgor then went into the front room, and hearing a noiee he returned, when he found tbtt deceased had fallen down twelve or foutteen stcpi. Beins taken up, deceased said that he was not injured. On the 4th inst. a surgeon wa3 called in to see him, and found bim suffering from para'ysis of the arm, and a coutusjd wound on the head. His death, which took place on Sunday, was found to 13 the result of on injury ta tho brain received in the fall. The verdict was in accordance with tho evidence. A meeliug of the shareholders of tho North Melboumo Building and Investment Society was held last evoning, at the Town-hall, Hotham, Mr. Joseph Whito in the chair, for tho purpose of nominating the office-bearers for the ensuing year, and adopting the rules of the society. There was a large attendance. No opposition being offered, Messrs. Flanagan, Davis, and Atkin, wero elected trustas ; John Barwisc, treasurer ; and A. Nash, secretary. Thero were twenty- two gentlemen nominated for the committee, nine of whom will be elected at the next meeting, on Friday even- ing. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. A purse containing 159 sovereigns, sub- scribed for by his friends in Sandhurst, was presented yesterday to Mr. Robert Strickland, lately one of the members of tho Legislative Assembly for that borough. At the Sandridge Police Court yesterday, before Mr. Call, P.M, and Dr. Plummer, James Foibes, charged with stealing a £10 note, was brought up and remanded until Thursday. The hearing of a complaint made by James Flood, a seaman, against H. P. Sewell, master of the steamer Blackbird, for leaving him behind before the completion of the voyage, was postponed until the 17th inst. Eleanor Hester, summoned by Mary Hudson for using abusive laugua^e towards her, was fined 10s,, with 6s. costs. Three other ca^es of a like nature, in which some quarrelsome neighbours were concerned, were dismissed. - Grossan, master of the Douglas, was complained against by di 'arent members of his crew for omitting to supply lemon or limejuice on the voyage out, for not providing sufficient accommo Jation for his seamen, for omitting to supply them with wholesome provisions, and for not keeping proper weight« and measure3 to apportion the provisions. The hearing of all these complaintî was post- poned until Thursday next. There were several charges of felony in- vestigated by the mae;lstrate3 at tho Fitzroy Police Court yesterday. A woman, named Mary Perry, was committed to gaol for steal- ing a boiler from the shop of James Miles; and a man, named John M'Kechuie, was sentenced to one month's imprisonment for robbing a little girl, named Louisa Walker, of 6d. John Crispin, charged with stealing fowls, was remanded to the East Collingwood Court. Maria Louisa George, a woman of bad reputation, charged a man named Wil- liam Payne with stealing her purse. There was, however, not the slightest grounds for tho accusation, and the Bench, in diecharging tie defendant, said that ho left the court without a stain upon his character. Lizzy and John Doyle, the children of an itinerating vocalist, were ordered to be sent, as neglected children, to an industrial school for seven years, and the magistrates directed that a wairant should bo issued for tho apprehension of the father for deserting his children. Ed- ward Fogarty was sont to gaol for one month for habitual drunkenness. At Prahran Police Court yesterday, before MeBBrs. Mason, Stodart, and Templeton' Benjamin Treloar was fined 10J. for having been drunk and disorderly. John Richard- son, a suspicious-looking elderly man, was charged with vagrancy. Isabella Williamson deposed that on Saturday last she attended an auction sale in Lang-street, South Yarra, and while in the room observed the prisoner three times attempt to pick the pocket of a female. WitneES called attention to the fact. Constable M'Loughlin arrested the prisoner. He had observed him pushing amongst the females at this auction, and had cautioned several persons. He wes off duty at the time, and in plain clothes. The woman upon whose pocket the attempt was made had nothing in tho one tried, her money being in another pecket, ,Tho prisoner was sent to gaol for one month, with hard labour. A charge of obscene language preferred by Robsrt Lester against Mary Whitty and Mary Ann Jones arose out of an affray brought before the Court last week, and for which both parties wero fined. Tho Bench, in dismissing this case, cautioned Whitty as to, her too frequent appearance, and ordered both parties to pay their own costs. Rebecca Duncan com- plained against David Blanchard for' illegally detaining wearing apparel. The detention was admitted, a pet off being claimed for maintenance and schooling of the child of complainant. The case was dismissed. At Williamstown Police Court yeBt9rday, a labourer named Thomas Richard (Taylor was brought before Mr, Call, charged with stealing £8 3s. 8J" the property'of a Mr. W. H. Wallen. According to the testimony of complainant and anumbar of othor witnesses, . the prisoner had beon employed as a labourer on the Williamstown Railway, and on Satur- day last Mr. "Wallen, an assistant pay-clerk in tbuRajlway department, commenced pay- ing oki the men. It appeared , that the. amount actually due to the prisoner was £4 4s. 4d, There was, howover, an it3m of , £12 8a. due ta another man, named Taylor, which wai paid t î tho prisoner by mistake. As soon as the error wai discoverc d- the olerk sought out the pi isoner, and demanded the money, which wai refuscl, the lattir denying that he bad been paid moro than was due to him. His statement in couti was, that when he was paid he went home end gavo the money to hil landlady for board, believing them to bo four £l-not:3, and that the orror was not discovered by him when the clerk first called at his house. The piiïoner sub- sequently handed to the pier-master the two £ö-notes, which he eaid had just teen, returned to him by the woman, whoec attention was called to their trno value on her t jndering thom in payment for rent. Tho woman, on being examined, swore that sho relumed tho money to the prisoner immediately on discovering berzniBtake, although she admitted having denied to the clerk afterwards that she had ever received more than the £4. His Worahip observed that the woman's conduct was mo3t reprebonsiblo, but that ho wai nevertheless bound to accept her evidence. The prisoner was committed for trial at the next Criminal Sessions in Melbourne, bat was admitted to bail in ono surety. William Bonker, alia John Gardener, who had bien remanded several times on a charge of being a prisoner of the Crown i'lesally at large from Westsrn, Australia, wai again brought up. An arrange- ment having been made for hil leaving the colony, tho Bench acceptai a bond of £1CD for his removal within coven days. At Flemington Police Court yesterday, Frank Hewitt, poundkeeper at Essendon, was charged by Mossw. Dalmahoy Campbell and Co. with illegally impounding 961 sheep on the 4th inst. The sheep wcro on the Essendon Common. Mr. Head, who appeared for the complainants, took objection to the pound keeper acting as herdsman, and as such im- pounding In his own pound. On the point as to where the sheep wero when the pouad keeper took them the evideuce was conflict ing. The Bench not agreeing, they decided on postponing the c2"o for seven doys. A charge of assault was preferred against Con- stable Sutton, of Flemington, by Mra. Cathe lino Bichardson. Damages wera laid at £10. The complainant's own witnesses exonerated the defendant; and without hearing witneaso3 for the defence, the Bench dismissed the case, with 5'. costs. At the He'delberg Police Caarfc on Monday, before Dr. A. R. Micdonald and D,\ Butler, Martin Dooley appeared to answer two sum- monses, chaiging him with having tnken an illegal toll from William Trenoweth. Dooley requested that the case misht stend over until a dechion had been given by tho Sapreme Court on the caEi 33nt up. The Bench said the cases must go on. They would adhere to their former decisions unti1 they were proved to ba wrong. The lessee still persisting to charge Is. for spring-carSa, after their repeated decisions that the proper toll was only Gd., was a contempt of court. The facts were not disputed, Tho Bench said that fines of 10a. seemel to have no effect, aud therefore in each case tho fine would be 21a., and 22s. 6d. coats. The Bench suggested that ponding the decision of the Supremo Court the lessee should charge Gd. under protest for spring-carts, as he could afterwards recover the other Gd. under the provisions of the Local Government Act ; if he still persisted in oharging Is., the Bench would be compelled to enforce the maximum fine of £5 in each case. Tho lessee declined to agree to chaTge only the lower sum. From tho Pattoral Times we loam that, from some unexplained cause, the fish in the Dar- ling are dying by thousands. The blacks cannot account for it, siy they never observed such mortality before, and are alarmed lest they may be deprived of that valuable por- tion of their focd. A most Impudent robbery has been com- mitted at the Penal Stcckado, Pentridge, by, it is supposed, a discharged prisoner, who had bf cn acting as servant to the warders, and so obtained the necessary knowledge of the pre- mises. In front of the inspector-general's quarters there is no Bantry stationod, and it is there the robber must have made his entry, making his way into a cellarogo underneath the mess-rcome, in which cellarago tho warders keep thoir boxes. These ho ap- pears to have broken open, and ho abstracted, amongst other things, a colonial gold brooch, a £5 note, and several articles of clothing, getting clear off with his booty. The QrenvilU Adoocilc, which haq the foregoing about the robbery, remarks-" This was certainly boarding tho lion in his den with a vengeance; but it is most piobahle that the culprit will not be long at largo. All the articles, with the exception of the £5 noto, can be Identified." The Daylesfcrd Mercury states that an old man, who was carried out of the Supreme Court, Castlemaine, insensible, during tho trial of Young, has since died, his death being accelerated by cold and want of the necessary comforts of life. ' The Wangaratta correspondent of the Ovens Constitution notices 'the following curious charge of wife desertion, which carno before the rolice-court there on Monday last :-"It appeared that about a month ago, the parties, who had been fellow-nervana, were married on a Saturday night, and that the husband returned to his work on Whitefield Station next morning, and beyond Eending hor £2 to pay her hotel bil', had not taken any notico of his wife since. The wife having heard ho was about to leave the district, summoned him for desertion. The defendant stated that his wife had enticed him, and taken ad- vantage of him when he was drunk, and married him; but the wife said, 'He axed mo would I have him, and I said I would.' The bench considered there was not sufficient evidence of desertion to warrant them in making an older for maintenance." We find the following in the Geelong Ré- guler:-"A most daring robbery was com- mitted at the Union Hofal last evening, by two strangera who arrived from Molbjurne on tho previous day. The men teak up their quarters at the hotel, and, asking for a bei, were placed in tho adjoining room to Mrs. Stonoman's, where tho robbory was com- mitted. Yesterday evening, it appears, one of them asked the landlady to change a fi- nóte. She went upstairs to got the silver, and the man followed her with the stated intention of going to his own room. How-" ever, ho watched his opportunity, and when the landlady was gone down stairs he went into her bedroom, forced op.n a drawer In the chest with a blunt instrument, and abstracted gold and silver coins, and other valuables, to the amount of nearly £83. Thoro was a cash-box in the chest of drawers, containing three £5-not¿s and twelve £1 notes ; about £7 In gold, and £5 in silver ; and among tho sovereigns was a twenty franc piece. One of the notes was on the English and Ssotthh Chartered Bank. There was alco a lady's patent gold lever wateh taken, with a colonial gold chain, and an English gold seal, without stone or engraving. They cut the drawer completely open, and forced the lock ; but in their hurry thoy loft a paper parcel of money behind them, as also a gold ling and brooch, and other mtides. The description of the men is as follows :-One man, aged from twenty-eight to thirty, in height about five feet six inches, complexion ruddy, with dark brown hair, cut short; fair whiskers and moustache, the latter short and crisp. He was of stout build, and wore a black suit, with low-orowned black hat. The other mon was thirty or th'rty five years of e^e, atout five feetten inches in height, stout built, of dark complexion, with dark brown ha'r, with whiskers of the same colon*, full, and worn all round the chin. Ile we"dw"-ci I in a black sait, and wore a black oval crowaed hat, with the lim tamed np at the s'des. The first man is described as having a low forehead and wearing his bair low clown, A carpet- bag was lefv behind belonging to one of the men, and containing article! that may assist in the identification of the mea." We observe from tho Auckland Soulhern C, oss that Major Von Tempsky and Captain Macdonald, of the Now Z;aland volunteer force, havo resigned theireommisslons, in con- sequence of the misunderstanding bstwecn the Government and the militaiy authori tier The mission of Mr. Graham to tho rabsl Maoric3 of the Wa'kato district does not seem to have been very successful. The Southern Cross sums up the reahU-j as followd. -" Mr. George Graham bas returned from the Waikato without having done anytlnug to- wards peace, boyond bringing 'a largo calabash filled with preserved pigeons,' and ' an oll fashioned hunting-watch,' which a mcrongor from R ,wi handed to him, with a request from that cMef that ho would loavo it with Mr. Mccrcady, in Auckland, for repair. On thero twocircumstinces Mr. George Graham founds the plea-ing tboiy that, ¡when the fatigues of the ensuin» ejssion of Parliament are over, he will be ablo to 'bring tho King, Rewl, and other principal ctilefs to Gone-ul Carey, at Kopuo, for the purpose of tendering the'r Eubm'^ion.' There is something truly touching in the eimple faith of Mr. Goorgo Graham." The Helson Colonist of the 11th ha" the fol- io wins important announcement :-" By pri- vate infouation rcoeivod yesterday from Taranaki, wo learn that a ama" company had been formed for the purpose of boring for petróleo m ia that province, and that thoy had begi'n thoir laboura on the Sngir Loaf Mountain. It is Eaid thit fifteen years ago petroleum was discovered in the ne'ghbour hood of this spot ; and lately further indica- tions of this valuable mineral o" have been found. This induced the formation of this company, who are now said to bo working energética1'^ aud are singuine of succès». In the Supreme Couu at Sydney, on Wed- nesday last, in Ror/c s v. Ly>la, an action wa3 tried beforo Mr. Justice Cheeke, in which MÍES Elira Brandon Rogerj, the keeper of a private boardinghouse, at the corner of Castlereagh and Hunter streets, was the plaintiff, and Mr. Frederick Lyster, a mombor of Lystcr's opera company, was the défend- ant. The declaration averred that the de- fendant had, on the 25th of April last, twlco assaulted the plaintiff with great violones. Also, as matter of special damage, that she had been under medical treatment and had been put to great expensa and inc jnvenience Damages were laid at £600. Tho defendant pleaded to each assault, first, that the plaintiff had herself assaulted him, and that he had only so far assaulted her in return as was necessary for the purpose of self-defence. Sejondly, that "the plaintif! was intruding into an apartment of which dofendant \v,\z in possession, that ho had desired pla'ntiff to leave it, and that on her refujj1 to do so he had "gently la'd hands 'on her" and used just so much violence, aid no more, as was necessary for her expu'ron. The Cydièy Mormnj Beralireports that the*a was a good deal of recrimination, chargea and counter charge, and the ewe wal one of those in which the result de; *idei upm which Eît of witnesses the jury bel'eve J The jury found a ve-dic upon tho fir_t count for the defendant-that thero bil ht m no as- sault ; and upon the se *nd for the plaintiff, with 40a. damages. The p'aintiS's counsel applied for a certificate for costs, on account of the FtcuUar nature and oircurnsv^ncT of the case. The defendant's counsel opposed the application, and h's Honour reserved his decision until he had fun>or considered this question. The trial of this case excited a groat deal of interest, and the com i, was crowded during the whole lime th-.t it waa goiis on. The Sydney Mornivg Eerala of Welnc: day mentions tho following myaterious oc- currence on the Randwick-road : - "At about half-pa°t three o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, a man, whoso name has not been ascertained, was found in a dying state, lying in the scrob, a few perches distant from the toll bar, on the Rantlwiok road. There was a deep clean cut inside his left aim near the elbow joint, and the loss of blcod which flowed f-om the wound appoars to have produced exhaustion and rendered the man insensible. Thero was no instru- ment found in the possession of the un- fortunate man by which the injury could havo beon infllcicl; and, although a diligent search was made, nothing could bo found to explain how the occurrence was b.ought about. It appears to J33 altogether a matter of conjecture whether the wound was inflicted by the man upon himself, or whether he suffered the injury at the hands of another. The peor fellow was seen hy three boys, who reported the circumstance to the police, and who, as it is understood, had seen the man walking about in tho bush au hour pre*. iouBly. The man was removed by some constables to the infi'-mary, wher« last night he was still unconscious, and it is feared that ho will not recover. Ho was respectably dressed, and doe& not appoar to hare been latterly accustomed to manual labour. Thero wore found ii his pocket a Bh'i'ing and somo c-.ppere, two printed bill hoals-' Bought of A. G. Hodgson, outfitter and tailor, 13 Lonsdale street weit, Mel- bourne'-and two printed handbil's, a Ivor tieing the medica1 businesses of a M-. Mac intosh and a Dr. G. F. Thomas, both of Lonsdale street, Melbourno. Ho is said to bo from thhty- fiva to foi ty yc*.rs of ago, five feot sevtn inches high, of a dark complexion, with dark whi«kerj and moustaches, mixed with groy; tho features oie regular. His dress consisted of a light tweod sac coat and trousers, light grey Oiimeau Bhir*, a plaid scarf, and a ll«ht coloured Californian hat." The Stverue ¿¡¿raid remarks that " another instance of the procrees of boat- building at Echuca, may bo C3tlmitcd from the tfo'lowing particulars, furnished us by Messrs. James Shackeî' and Co. They say that, af; -r careful computation, thoy estimate that tho sam expended in the construction of boats for the river trade at Echuca sinc3 Januaiy last, amounts to £21,SC0. We havo not gone Into figures on the sulject, but wo should certainly say that Mcesu. Shackell and Co. are within the mark in thoir estimate. And we furthei consider the Victoilan Government ought to foster in eveiy possible way the Mu* -ay Bivor ti ade. Such an oxp :ndituro ai the abovo hy private individuals deserves moro than a pnESins thought by our Legislature. Look after the river ti ade, and the railway will look after itself." The Port Dewson Times of the 15th July mentions that a report had reached Bowen of the murder by the blacks of two mon who were engaged fencing on Mr. Black's Glen- prairie Station. The bodies were found ia a frightfully mutilated 6tate. On the discovory, a party was organised, and started in pursuit of the murderers. Lieutenant Murray, in his report, complained of tho practice adopted by certain squattera of admitting the blacks on to their stations, and harbouring or pro- tecting them from tbe police, and whllo such falca humanity is shown, we must expect to hear of fresh atrocities. Tho Gipps Land Times observes that " so long as tbe only inhabitants of North Gipps Land were the squatters, and those dependent upon tHm, it was not likely that many eoznnlaints wou'd I e mado of the state of the main roads, or that, if made, they would be attended to ; but now that BO large a popula- tion hostittled upon land purchasedmoätly at a high pilte, and when thousands of minéis aro occupying our ranges, it becomeB a matter of Bupremo importance that the principrl avenuo by which supplies of all imi oited articles must reach them should bo HO far rendered passable that the traffic should not to liable to interruption on the cecmreneo of the first winter flcod." By way of Ly ttalton, we have Cape of Good Hopo jourun's lo tho 1st of May. We are glad to oleorve from them that the war panic has passed away. No apprehensions oro now entertained by the Govoinment, although the farmers on the frontier have not altosother recovered a censo of secmity. The papers to hand contain no commercial newa of the least importance in this colony. Somosma'l failures had occmred at Port Elizabeth, Ostriches seem to be lhing ii vrlue at the Cape of Gocd Hop's where thoy are now bred for the ecke of their feathers. We obäerve from the Graham's Tcvm Jou: nal that at a late sale of farming stock in the intorior, a pair of young ostrich? i were sold for £10 5e. Their introduction into this colony ha"3 often been recommended. 