IMPROVEMENTS IN MODERN HOEnp^MtDSE,' *n» Hjdropult—AlUipuill Hii* {a. nlublt tirita implementaaa&owbMU; ■ •Oine t$ne intattomirO Britain, £s do notoMT ofita being Waaghtbefon J Auitralien world op tone prewsi. MnJtilJdioM trejta nut i«ymgitoj»r foraanoe* may po aisNHiv.mi^ pluta, drofBingpo ■ tree* (torn *mmi. ith liquid manure, Ac. Tbb; fortbrowingwater' jpddbe la &• >oMpn rRwrdeu. Tbe pKoe ia ** . Button, 87 Lend* ■Ji tbe proprietor of 1 Irto the prim itS nets. It weigba but, sir - ttofreeind judkionf urn* A greenhouse or conservatory that does not enjoy this luxury /becomes a miserable Iscar house of vegetable incurables. Vermin and filth hold unbounded sway, and people become dufraated by their own want or success. Well do we re* collect the former days of plant culture, the days of 'collections, when the use of the syringe was yet limited or unknown. What a timt for red spider, soale, and green fly 1 What fumigations and consumption of to bacco and tobacco paper; washings with tobacco water, and all acuta of remedies were resorted to I We regard the introduction of the free use of the syringe as one of the eventa jn modern gardening. To this ia due the aucoeu o( orchard house management, Tine manage ment, and plant management; but tue old syringe, withita slow suck and squirt, ia now as much out of date in modern gardening aa an old stage waggon in modern locomotion. Many are tne im provement* and complications of the old simple syringe. We have tried several of them, but for ease in working and efficiency in result we have not, yet met with anything to equal the hvaropult." Here is an implement for annihilating at one awoop a whole host of insects; a plantation of rosea might be Awed from these pests in "no time." It is also equally serviceable as a fire-engine. This would be the thing to put out a bush-fire with, if water could be got; at any rate, the homestead and the hay ana corn ricks could be saved by its means. It is easy to work, as a boy could use it for some hours in succession. The foot is placed upon the sole, from which to the handle measures twenty-four inches. It will throw a gentle shower, or a power ful stream of water. _ The saving of time it effects, and the extinction of all garden insects by a well-directed shower, are enough to commend this contrivance to the attention of gardeners or amateurs. 