RED JIM. Five-inl-twenty years ago it was each s sammer, here in Victoria, as it now is in thc en i of February, 1805; that is to say, the bosh grass lay long and dead amid movelesi trees, or upon the level tiresome plains ; tb« heated air quivered against the low horiaon and danced above the withered verdure like the surroundings of a furn »ce. ... One night I was lying tossing about in the long grass of a bos-swamp, not a mile from my hat, I awoke with a sudden start to see, not twenty yards from me, three men bobbling their horses, and speaking to each othei about some bushfire. Ioould hardly persuade myself that I was not still dreaming. Ose ol the -men was soon engaged in lighting a fire on a bare patch of ground, and I waa about rising to join them »nd taste of companionship onse more, when à column of fi ame started up suddenly and dis- played a face that caused me to shrink biok again, with a muttered thanksgiving that I was not discovered. The fice tbat the fire re- vealed, was known to meat once, though I had never seen it before. The. one eye and hair lip of "Red Jim" had been freely spoken about in every shepherd'd hut on the surrounding stations. There was no mis- taking him. The bull-dog forehead, the heavy jaw, and -the thick neck, were features that in themselves would have sufficiently pointed out the iden i ty of this esoapad con- vict. Recalling the man now, aa I saw him then, I think I never beheld so perfect an im- personation of a bad criminal. It was well known that Rod Jim had escaped from penal servitude, accom- panied by three others, but had arrived in this olony alone. It was equally well known that he could only have survived the incredible journey by cannibalism. Red Jim had ruthlessly murdered one or two settlers against whom he entertained a grudge, and every effort was being at that time made to capture him. Th<re was nothing remarkable tn the faces of his companions, ihey simply showvd by word and feature all the evidences of ruffianism, usual, in men ol their class. They bal coarse longlimbg and heavy reckless faces, seared into revolting harshness by a long series ol crimps. Two of them were armed with guns. These thoughts and observât O as passed through my nv nd in much less time than it takes to wii e them. I was speedily recalled'from speculation by hearing th<¡ word \ "Hallelujah'-used. Hallelujah was tho soubri. ' quet given to my mister because of his strictly adhering to the habit of reading prayers in the family, morning and evening. Mr. Christmas was a kind benevolent man, (respected by every " band'.', on the station ; and by none more than by. myself.-- He had boan very considerate to me in a late illness, and eften soujçht by many subsequent atten- tions to cheer the loneliness bf my employ* ment. One of Red Jim's companions, in answer to something Red Jim said, replied , with an oath : " Yes, we'll see if his psalm singiag will save him now/' Then the other said : " There.are a couple pf women there, and we shall have time to give them a tsBte of bush life before morning." *' Look ye 'ere" growled tb© ruffian, " well roast Hallelujah first. That's our lookout. We'll see if the old prayerpattarer has nothing elsa to do but help to ron ns down. Give him a taste of fire before the devil gets him." I had no fever, no lassitude, now; the prostration of the last few weeks left me as by magie, and in its stead I felt a tierce delightful energy tingling along every herve. Dawn close amongst the dry tinker- ing grass, away with suppressed breath, and a wild feeling closing round my heart, I crept from the vicinity of the fire. I pursued my war, on my hands and knees, with a slow determined care that has ainoe surprised me, avoiding every branch or twig that might crackle in my path, I hurried on past the nook without so much aa disturbing a sheep. Not till a long safe distance intervened did I stand erect, and fresh for the events of the night. Whatever they might be. God in his mercy alone knew. I turned and saw the black forms of the bushrangers moviog about the ble zs, and with a ran I started for the but. Before a quarter of an hour passed, I saw it dimly against :he sky, and almost at the same inslaata frightened snort told me that the horse was within a few yards of my course. . Uttering a hurried thanksgiving that I had found him so providentially near, I unfast- ened the bobbles with qui ok steady hands, and led him to the threshold. I put on the patched saddle and bridle, and in another five minu'oj the fin* old cob was stretching himself toa swift free gallop. My mind was too full for thought ; but I can remember, uttering repeatedly the words, "Thank God I" . . . The door opened, and the gash of light streamed upon the darkness, glinting on tho sides of the reeking horse.' Mr. Christmas himself-old, but bale and vigorous as many a younger mao-peered out into the night with an expression of surprise. In boyond, were ; the evidences of calm and refinement. A quiet comfort dwelt in the little; glimpse j t bad of the room, that Bottled upon me even then, rjugh bushman as I was, wi tb;a pleasing sense. I oan recall myself, bending below the withers of the panting horse, to peer under the rather low verandah, my dress wet with perspiration from his heavy sides, and my hand pressing the moisture from his shoulder till I hoard it fall pattering on the gravel. Mr. Christmas thought it was the working overseer, for he skid, "lb that you; Curran ?.'* and without waiting for a reply,, he turned to place the light up on the table, and then stepped out to where I was. " Wei1, Curran, what is it? I thonght you were at the fire." " It ia not Curran, sir," I replied, " but Ned the shepherd. 1 have come to tell you--" ." Better have your supper fir«t¿ Ned. You've had a hard ride, I see. Axe the .heep »II rfgbt?"«Therflf»riotfmeforioDDBr: «ed Jin» r I hurriedly Md bim «II \ kTw He beard me to the end without onee ínter' rupting, and then said quickly, «« Come io Tbere is indeed no time to loee." I stepped «(ter him across the pleasant room, where there were seated two ladies reading "1-adíes," said Mr. Christmas, as gracefully as though I held the position of a g?mlem«n rather that that of a servant ; " this ii Ned Graham, the shepherd, to whom you remem- ber sending medicine and comforts daring hil illness." The ladies bowed pleasantly ai Mr. Christmas continued, " He is now come to" return your kindness with interest." The; looked at me with some surprise ; princi- pally, I think, because of he emphatic dlj tiuct way in which the last few words were spoken. After a pause, the master said, "Ame- lia, Emily- I wish to speak to you both fer a moment." They all three left the room while T, curious in such matters, looked at' the open books that were lying on the table. Oae was " Ivanhoe ;" a second some French work; and that opposite the eld gentlemans chair, a large family Bible. In a few minu'eg I heard Mr. Cbiistmab'* step as he returned with two double-barrelled guns. There wu a rigid exprès lion on bis face, very different to what I had ever seen tbere before : not tbs slightest evidence of faltering or fear. "Are you oool, and a good shot ?'' were the first words he uttered. " I am, sir," I replied confidently, " Are the guns loaded, and the' ladies aafe ? " " They are in as safe a posi- tion as I can find for them. Ned ; snd the guns are loaded with coarse shot and ball. You bad better see if the powder is well up' into the nipple. I am sorry to say my saps are none of the bast. A shot missed may be' death to us, and to those I value more than myself. However, we are in tbe hands of' God." " What plan do you purpose, Mr. Christmas ? ' I asked earnestly. .. Take half a glass oi brandy, and I will tell you." He signed to the'-sideboard, where a decanter stood. I was about to follow bis suggestion, when he said, " Stay 1 Don't pass between the ight and the window. Go routd the table. Everything must wear the appearance of . pesoe. We cannot tell where they,are now, »rd, it would not do to arouse their suspicions." In.' a few minutes the light was extinguished, the door was bolted, and we stepped quietly out oh the little parterre in front. "Now," said my master,1 slowly, " there are only our two selves to defend, my home and my children. My servants are all absent at a bush fire that was - reported this afternoon, and everything will depend upon our coohv.rs and determina*, tiou. We cannot do otherwise than shoot to kill. The gaog will, of course, enter bj the slip panels, for they will not run the risk of leaving the'r horses behind. Then, ss »he faintest noise can be beard on such a night. as this, they will not -hazard the pulling down ol the fence. - We will e ch laka up a position . behind the lar-^e easts, twit : sure aim,, and fire low. 'IM "BM- firs'.' As silently ag spectres we walked ncro*a to. tba paddock entrance, and stood, opposite each otb« at' the place indicated. With straining eyes gad ; beating, beait I peered into the obscurity. Afar I thought I could see a faint taint on' the sky, like the refleotioa of the ruffiin'i camp-fire. The night was terribly silent and oppressive. There waa nothing apparently; ion which to exercise the senses but a »ind ol overpowering hush. Tbere was «dirahiiy. curtain across the sky, and the night w«srof a black darkness. . . . At last thin ¿ame a thin faint murmur that barely caught the ear, and as I listened to kooir if it were' real, ' caught '-.' another bat l better defined noise that overpowered tbs first. At last I detected something that might be the footfall of a horse; somatim» ' it would die away and come again ; but each time more clearly than before. And yat I conld not feel certain that I was not deceiving myself. Eventually I heard a muffl d lound, distinct and defined, enough to. proclaim the approach of a horse br horses. Mr. Christ« mas heard it also, for I dimly saw him move. My hands felt along the cold barrell, and ! toyed with the hammers and triggers anxiously enough, and I put the gun to my shoulder against the sky, bit failed tore" the " view.'' Just as I had taken the weapon down again, Mr. Christmas said, in a clear low whisper, " Be sure you aim low, ind don't be in a hurry." As the Bounds of the hortet' hoofs, and of voices mingled, I di* tooted the double click from the op polite gun. I followed the example, and, with < both guns cocked, 'we waited the enemy's nearer 'approach. Gradually, I recognised the outlines of the men against the sky, cloudy as it was ; they were approaching ia single file, and as they became blacker and better defined, I heard a stifled laugh and in . oath. In a Bhort time they were within twenty yards of. where we stood, and they pulled up to consult. Although they spoke in whispers, I heard much that passed, for my sense of hearing had become extremely acute, as that of all shepherds does. It was impossible to distinguish by the tones nho the speakers were, but I heard one of them inquire : " Are you sure the hands^ ain't above 1" " 6 arlin-when Leary spun his yam about the fire, the cove sent 'em all away to it/ '«Hallelujah fast. If we fire the box,, it'll bring'em back.'' "And no grabbling the molls," whispered o::e of them, autboii. lively, and whom I fancied was Red Jin); " till I make the cursed old psalm-Binger s back log for the bonfire. Then "we'll'nuke love if you choose." " Coma on I" said an impatient voice ; "don't hold a prayermeet* ing over it." They then tied their horses to a fence that ran at right angles , to the poit against which I stood, and apprrocbtd the entrance, etil in single file. I determined to adhere strictly to tho orders I had received, and'waited fur the. opposite fire. I knew that my companion, would allow tbs men to advance a little, so that ; he . might nit endaoger me ; ind it , was with a' throbbing boart that I ssw ina black , form' of the first bushranger pass bet ween: us. I heard bim stumble with air oath over a cart-rut. Then a line of flatus cat its abrupt Bhort track on ihe darkness,ind the sound, had not passed to cohoes before a shrill cry followed \\\ as the villain stiggered ona few paces and fell, ploughing up tba dust. The light of; the discbarge had just died out, when I heard another snap, aä a sportsman shoots, when firing, right and left. I kDew that the master's gun wai now useless. Come on. Nix 1 It's the cove himself. I . saw him by the light of tbs shot ; his stings gone now." And one of tho men rushed to ' -Where my master stood, followed by his cow ' 'rade. I had one of them covered, but if I fire {I heard the noise of struggling) I might ki] my master. Thoa I stood with the gun ? aim, undecided and half mad. Tho voice c one «f the men, saying, " Damn' you, knif lim ! ' resolved aie, and I fired amongst them I eaw some one sink d iwn, but X oould ne tell who it was, and, as he appeared to let gi bis hold, and rush to the horses, I took i second hurried aim and fired ; then I boundei across the entrance, just in tima to see tb< wounded wretch bending over Mr. Chris m-: and trying to strangle him. In a moment tb* gun was poised and smashed to fragments ot his skull. But we hid exposed our strength, and tbe remaining bushranger, who believed ha had stabbed my companion, seiz-d ose ol tbe guns left standing at the fence, and fired. Tbe'ball was unpleasantly clore, and I had scarcely time to know that I was un injured, when Bed Jim himself was upon me with the weapon clubbed. I made a rapid spring at him before the blow oould fall, and grappled with him. We rolled on the ground ogether. With nil the force of my strength I resisted b¡B efforta'to grasp me by the thro&t;, but at hst his hideous f-co sank close to mine, and his teeth met beneath my chin. .« experienced a suffocating giddy feeling, and then I heard hurried voices and running feet just as I felt my grip relax powerless. But the frightful giipe relaxed too, and Red Jim 'rose to his feet, «nd jumped on my cheat with -all his force. When I came to conscious, ness, I found myself in tho cheerful -pai'our, and the ladies' hands were tenderly washing away the traces of the filch'.. Mr. Christmas bad fainted from loss of blood, 'but waa not dangerously wounded. Red Jim .escaped, but his two companions, neither ot' whom were killed, were given into the safe keeping of the authorities, and afterwards hanged. Three years after, the; affray, Mr Chris mas made me bis overseer, and final'y rbis manager. A longtime has passed since then, but yet * a dorer relationship exists 'between us. I am writing tbe tale of my .early - experiences at toe same 'able whereon I saw the Bit lo on that memorable night. There ia a lady who aits opp isiteto me. She .was the reader of " Ivanhoe," tbe daughter of Mr. Christmas ; and she is my wife.-AU tbe "Year Round. 