EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile the following from the various journals to hand. Last Saturday's 'Tamworth Examiner' states it has received information to the effect that the total numbers of votes for the candidates in the Gwydir election were —Dangar, 134; Single, 87; Rnsden, 41. But there was no poll taken atBreewarina, and a fresh day will be appointed for that j place. The present majority for Mr. Dan gar is 47.—A blind man named Kmchella has been swindling a number of persons in Tarn worth. Fortunately he has been com mitted on a charge of robbery, and a charge of frand has been preferred against him.—On last Sunday night and following day a ter rific storm of rain passed over Tamworth, accompanied . with peals of thunder that seemed to shake the houses, and lightning j that was truly appalling to look at. It cleared off, however, on Tuesday, and has ! remained fine since. Several trees were struck by the electric fluid and shattered to : pieces. On reference to " Sax by'a" pre- ; dictions we find that from the 28th to the 30th was set down as likely to be a trouble some period, and certainly, so far as this district is concerned, a marked change in the weather occurred ou the days men tioned.—650 acres were conditionally pur- ; chased at the land office on Thursday last.— On Thursday last, as Mr. Arthur Frazer Pitt was riding np Peel street, his horse be- j came restive and threw him, breaking bis i arm. He was taken to Dr. Scott's surgery, and the injured limb set.—The man who is believed to ha^fe stolen £35 from a carrier named John Walsh has been apprehended 1 at Bingera. He had been spending money freeiy at public houses. He gave his name ! as Thomas Ashworth.—On Sunday and Monday last accidents occurred to the mail coach between Singleton and Tamworth. On the first named day the roads were very heavy, in conseqaence of the great quantity of rain which fell that day and on Saturday, and the coach broke down between Tam worth and Goonoo Goonoo, delaying its ar rival an hour or two beyond the usual time. Ou Monday a similar breakdown occurred near Wallabadah, which delayed the mail until eight o'clock on Monday uight. The Grafton ' Examiner' of 31st ult. states that a lad named Edwin Baker had a rib broken, lately, from a fall while climbing up a tree to a bird test.—The anniversary of the foundation of the colony was cele brated at Grafton by a regatta. Judge Meymott denies, in a letter to the i ' Herald,' that he called back the troopers who had been escorting him when they hqd left him to pursue Hall and his gang, near Collector. A considerable portion of California has been visited by a severe drought. The ' Wagga Wagga Express' says :•— Last week a destructive fire occurred at Mr. Robert Morton's, Grubbin, by which five or six tons of wheat, two bales of wool, and various articles of farm use were destroyed, one horse also being severely burnt. The charge agaiust Parsons, the clerk in the money order office, Brisbane, has been dismissed. It appears that the Victorian Government is guided in its action about the Shenandoah by a confidential despatch from the Imperial Government. She is to be allowed to coal, provision, and make necessary repairs. A seaman named Joseph Wright died suddenly, at Sydney, a few days ago, from apoplexy, accelerated by intemperance and a fall. In a report by the Chief Commissioner on the re-valuation of runs, he says:—" Twenty runs have been appraised in the second-class settled portion of New England ; the rental of which has been increased from £1352 16s. to £1617 10s.; sales by pre-emptive right amounting to only 649 acres; but 4379 acres have been sold to selectors. The appraisements are low in amount; but not sufficiently so to call for special remark." " I have already admitted that the re-valuation by appraisement has no realised nly anticipations of the increase< revenue that would be thereby obtained I think that the appraisers have not, as j rule, taken sufficiently into account tb< special valne which some of the lands pos sess, and the increased value which the ad vancement of the colony, the opening uj of new markets, the improved supply o labour, increased facilities for communica tion and supply being conferred on all sue! holdings since the original estimates o pastoral capability (which were generally exceedingly moderate), upon which tbi changes under the old tenure were com puted, were arrived at. It is I think tc be regretted that it should have been ne cessary to refer to the appraisers ■ nol merely the computation of the rents by i standard of value, but tbe determination o; the standard by which they were to be computed. And the rates paid under the expired tenure, which they appear to have taken as a standard (the maximum staudarc in one remarkable instance), were not at equivalent of the interests which they re presented. But the determination of the standard having been by the Act limitec absolutely to sworn appraisers, whose awards the Government were bound to ac cept, it must be obvious that for the Go vernment to have presented a standard foi the appraisers' acceptance, or to have laic down rules for their guidance, woflld have been to render them not arbitrators bul agents, and to usurp the responsibility which was committed by the Act to theii consciences alone. I perhaps ought to con sider, however, how far the arrangemenl for carrying on the system of appraisemeni admits of modification in detail, so as tc prevent . the disadvantages which have become apparent in its operation hitherto and I trust lead generally to more satisfac tory results. Before quitting tbe subject i is right to point out that the object of re cent legislation with respect to the Crowi lands of the colony has avowedly not beer the augmentation of the revenue available therefrom. Had such been the object, ii must have been accompanied by the con ferriug of a more s cure holding anc greater advantages to the tenant thai are afforded by the present fugitive tenure, which hardly guarantees poss« s sion from day to day, gives little security and consequently offers Utile inducement for improvements. I entertain no doubt the revenue from the pastoral lands migh easily be quadrupled, and the productive ness and value of the lands permanently increased to a corresponding extent, if the public tenants were enabled to rely npoi such a tenure as no one would dream of dis pensing with in transactions with a private landlord. The natural conditions of the co lony offer peculiar facilities for instituting i system which would afford all the requisite guarantees for the beneficial occupation ant improvements of the lands by the firsi tenants, without interference with any in terests of subsequent growth. It is satis factory to be enabled to state in conclusioi that the revenue from the occupation o Crown lands "(br pastoral purposes, during the past year, shows an increase upon the year preceding ^notwithstanding the loss upon appraisement) of £9510 lis. 7d.; which is far in excess of the increase ir any previous year since the separation o: Queensland." Mr. Sfockbridge, overseer of the Elian- j gowan station, was lately riding across the new bridge over tbe Condamine, at War wick, when tbe horse slipped, fell, and threw Mr. S. with such violence that he died tbe ; same evening. -... The ' Queensland Guardian' says:—At | -the annual exhibition of the Drayton and j Toowonmba Agricultural and Horticultural i Society, in many cases no prizes were i awarded, although the exhibition is stated to have been very successful.—A woman named M'Coy, residing at the One Mile Swamp, South Brisbane, was violently as saulted by a blackfellow on Saturday last* She was struck on the b.ead several times with a nullah-uullab, and rendered insen sible. When she came to herself she was lying in a pool of blood, and bad to get medical assistance.—A dour mill is in course of erection at Toowoomba.—News fram tbe Talgai is promising; a quartz crnshing machine will be in operation there in a few days.—Land in Warwick is selling at from £80 to £100 per acre.— The other day a young man named An drew Ellis was drowned in attempting to crosB the Mackenzie at the new crossing near Caroora. Hostilities are daily expected at Wan ganui, where the rebels have erected a strong pah. A fire at Auckland lately caused damages estimated at £15,060. A penny postage has been placed upon papers in New Zealand. The first New Zealand Industrial Exhibi tion was opened at Dunedin on the 12th ult. A local journal says •-—Tbe Exhibi tion is, considering all the circumstances, a marvel of success, and by those who were witnesses of tbe Exhibition in Melbourne I is considered by far its superior. The na tural products 8ud manufactures of the co lony are well represented, and the collection affords striking proofs of the magnificent re sources of New Zealand, The Grafton * Examiner' states that the thermometer there on one day recently in dicated 98 degrees iu the shade, and on tbe following day 100. An elderly woman named Agnes Parsens died suddenly last week, at Sydney, from the rupture of a blood vessel on tbe brain. In a report from tbe Denominational Schools Board, the following passage oc curs:—The number of schools under tbe Board during 1863 was 331, against 305 in 1862\. The aggregate number of children whose names have been entered upon the roll during the past year is 31,1.93, being 1890 more than appeared for 1862. Tbe number" on the rolls ou the 3lst December, 1863, was 20.565, or 1981 more than that shown for 1862; and the average daily at tendance has risen from 13,199 during 1862, to 14,488—an increase during 1863 of 1289 children. Tbe Nulla Nulla correspondent of the • Macleay Herald* writes:—The road-party working on the New England line is carry ing on operations within about five minutes' walk of the Police Station, just above it. Tbe work already done reflects credit upon tbe contractors. The road from Kempsey to this place is far from being a bad one; but on the other band may be said to be a good road. The only thing tbat can be mentioned disparagingly of the road is, tbat just before reaching the Devil's Nook there is a rather high hill to cross, and also tbat there is one or two between that place and this. How ever tbe road is good over them—there being no difficulty to ride on horseback—and not ; over much to take a dray over them. If the road were as good all the way to New Eng land, the Macleay would soon be exporting wool, conveyed by teams from tbe forer . named place. i Tbe ' Empire' says:—-On Sunday last, as a gentlemen was standing by the wharf at the bottom of Erskine-street, he happened to throw a stick into the water tor his dog to catch. The moment be did so the animal jumped after it, but had scarcely fallen into the water when, to the astonishment of the ' by-standers, a shark made its appearance and pulled the dog under.tbe surface. Neither has been seen since. The 'Pastoral Times* says:—We bear that*ft small flock of sheep were overtaken by ! a bush-fire on tbe Tuppal Station, a few days since, and burnt. Many other bush fires have occurred, and are still burning in the dis trict, and here and there fences are destroyed. On tbe Yanko, the Messrs. Wilson lost two or three miles of bush fencing, and but for the assembling of a dozen willing bands wbo went ahead of the fire and made a gap in tbe j fence, at the same time lighting a second fire ! to meet the first, and stay its progress, the destruction would- have been great. On or near this station the grass is burnt on each side of tbe road for about ten miles.—On Mr. S. K. Miller, tbe National School master, opening bis door tbe other morning, be found hanging outside a magnificent wild turkey, weighing about twenty lbs. A gentleman passing by an early coach had thus left it as a momento rather more substantial tban a visiting card.—A young lad named William Booth was accidentally drowned at Tom's Lake on tbe 9th inst., whilst endeavouring to cross in a canoe. The accident was wit nessed from tbe shore by deceased's younger brother, but assistance was too far to be pro cured in time to save life. A few days ago a boy in Ebsworth's tweed factory, Sydney, bad his Foot crushed by it getting entangled in a cog wheel. Tbe 'Bathurst Times* says:—A con signment of four tons of copper, in plates and ingots, averaging about 14 lbs., was re ceived at Mr. C. W. Croaker's store, from tbe Cadiangullohg Mine, Canobl3S, on Mon day. morning last. it was an excellent samfde of copper, and was only an instalment of one-tentb of tbe quantity smelted last month, tbe total being no less tban forty j tons. The yield of the Cadiangullong mine, for some-months past, has, we are informed, | averaged between thirty and forty tons, the greatest quantity being tbe production of tbe last month—forty tons. There are about 500 persons now employed at these mines. The ' Herald* states tbat four peaches, purchased at Balmain for sixpence, weighed more tban a pound and a half. One was nine ounces, another eight, and the other two weighed six ounces each. They were but a fair sample of the heap from which they were taken. The ' Hobart Town Advertiser* says:— i The family of a mat) named Thomas Riley, ' consisting of himself, his wife, and four children, resided in a but. Between twelve | and one o'clock at night, while tbe husband was at Cambridge, the mother came home, tbe worse for liquor, and ^eft the candle upon the bed, and in charge; of tbe poor little children, one of whom upset it. Tbe bed soon caught fire, and the hut was all in flames. The little girl, only seven years of age, courageously dragged out two of the children, and was about to secure the third, when, the roof falling in, she became suffo cated, and was obliged to retire from the hut, leaving her little brother, only two and a half years old, to tbe mercy of the flames. The poor little creature was burnt literally to a cinder; not a vestige of the furniture was saved, and tbe unfortunate children were left entirely naked, every stitch of clothes being burnt. The mother, in a state of helplessness, managed to get out of tbe hut, and the , children saved were much burnt. 