t>f'i'" : ' iL'< I' ' ' :■! <-1 '■?>•{ ■' C OLONIA.L. , . Jbines'-W^llis/'Wv'Ko 'bas for some! time: filled a" respectable position- in; KlVlbpurne/as'a timber-mercbant in.-? an' extensive* way of business, was brought' boforo", tiie. City Court? on Saturday morning', and remanded till FriJay nest, on the charge of forging bills of fxcbange to the amount of frnnv £5,000 Yo'£6,01)0. No statement of 'this' nistj was tna'le, and no evidence was called} Jul' upon mquii v H-e. i.lvarri!-tlnU the cliiim: arose ■ in the followingmanner; A considerable time 'ago RIr>-Witllis. mad-* an arrangement with Mr A. 11. Warilrop/whrt wtis.woiking a> snw-mill somewhere in .the-.countuy which hp held as eeeui-iiy for a h>nir,-'l>y vntiie of which: tiniher^prepared • at- iilio^, tnill j was to l-e consjgned^.to. i.\lr j,,\V:allis : fori ■dHp:i!»nl;l -He dispused'of-nf good* deal ot timber in ibis "im\uueV,r! receiving m payment)) 1'ills- • di'a*vu in* hicn and' accapte-l '^hv'i rtieii-puTcliasers. These bills were p issed to Sir Ward nip, and iieg'Miiited .by htm at bis hank (the .Colonial.),;. It liasibeen recently ^ajcer Mainedxby- Mr. Whr.drop 'that: a-'large nuniW of bills- thus-'- received by ^liiin from Mr \Vallis ...duiiiig the Inst; nine or ten/months, and afterwards endorsed to the bank, bore what purported to be acceptances, but the names were those of persons who have no existence, and consequently ihn hills were valueless. The sutn represented by bills which have been 'found to b?ar fictitious acceptances amounts, as before stated, to £5,000 or £6,000.. The prisoner, it appears, has a defence • to offer, but in the meantime, the Bench declined to J;ac('opt bail. . ! We have the following information as to tlie state of the crops from the Warrnambool Examiner:—" In' the early pnit of the week some fine showers of vain fell throughout the district, lidding greatly to tlio chances of good crops, for the season. The crops from Coluc down to Warrnambool Jook very well, with the exception of oats, which appear generally to be a fuiluie throughout the colony. I„ roost instances the crop is being cut down for hay. When we btate thai the crops look very well from Colac to Warrnambool, our readers must not understand that there is-that'breadth of country under culture. We only allude, of course, to where there are crops, there not being in this district anything like the-eitent of land under crop in- comparison with ouv great grain-growing periods. There is, how ever, tirJarge extept^of land plantedi with pb'itoes, and. if the esculent is worth a paying price this season our farmersg have a good prospect before them."* The railway breakwater at Williams, town is being, altered, so as to be a still greater protection to shipping. Piles nre being driven along the eastern or outer face, so close together as to form a complete bulwark, preventing the water from- breaking through the supports. The consequence will he that the inside waters will he as still as in a mill-dam, and the vessels ns quiet as in dock. The work is only just begun; and practical lookers-on' are of opinion that, while the authorities are about it, they might leave a passage for boats to pass through. This would be a great boon to all thoso engaged in boat traffic and not a few others. The graving-dock now constructing at Williamstown,'adjoining the Govern ment [latent slip, will be a most .temarkable work, not only as the largest and best of its kind in the southern hemisphere, but it might be said in the whole eastern world ; moreover, as will be shown, it will be an important feature in tlie defences of the British dependencies in Australasia. Complete it will be 450 fret, long, eighty feet; _ across in- the clear, and fifty feet across at the bottom. It will take vessels of thirty feet draught of water, and thosa of-over thirty-two fet-t would scarcely be- able to find an entrance to the harbour at all. Thus,, the dock will receive tlie largest vessels now built,, excepting of course, the Great Eastern. j We take the following from the ' Tasmanian- Morning Herald:—" A few days since the son of Mr Joseph Richards, of Macquarie Plains, saw 'one solitary salmon playing in shallow water in Mr Price's sbeepwash, at the head of the Derwent, Macquarie Plains. Master Richards is quite" certain it nas a^salmonj the same as those in the salmon, ponds, which he had seen before. The Salmon in question ap peared to be about one foot in len«tl>.' The convict: Griffiths has been executed' at Hoba-t Town, for tt» Glenorchy irmlxl^rs.' He protested his innocence to the last. T , .'•the results' of.>the Civil Sm'w V'xariiinatiiiijjii conducted on 1 hursday luss.willi- he'iWcortained on Tup i <The heat in. the country (luring week seems tb have bpen more "ii was iq Melbourne. We oUai« •'froth 'the Talboi • Thnrsdav an extensive bush-fiie !<"' place .between Talbot and Mnryboiou ;The conflagration, which extended0 ^ : a distnnce of three- miles, is ^e>a) as having been most terrific, hiiRe • falliti"' in every diivctirtri, and tne "sheets of- flauie that niose as eJt « giant of t(M> forest " fell a victim 1 the flames were very grand. ^ Kvneto'i, also, bush-firft> Pre Tlie Observer says:—" Oo Fiid^ • « OIlH t"'0 S heat was most oppressive, tu three bush-fires were seen hurn c ^ various directions—onP Macedon, and one apparent'} ^ Jim Crow-road, burnt day i>ml was not ex ting"'-'1 night." 