FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1865. " We are to relinquish the controlling check of the Upper House ; we are to constitute one over-ruling, privileged, democratic body, and to trust it with au authority, not only unlimited, not only irresponsible, but secret and unseen. No, never will such a tyranny be borne I"- Sir R. Pul't Speech at the Qlatgow Banquet, January 13, 1837. The attitude assumed by the law officers of the present Government to- wards tlie judges is such as ought to attract the attention of every good citizen who is concerned in the future welfare of this country. It is in the highest degree indecent, and tends to the subversion of all respect for law and order. Putting aside altogether any question of politics, we cannot but regard the relations of the Bench with the Attorney-General as fraught with extreme danger to the safety of the one great institution which Englishmen of all classes and parties have hitherto agreed to hold in reverence and to main- tain in independence. That the judges should be held absolutely sacred in their position within the limits fixed by the Constitution, and that they should be kept free from all risk of being embroiled in party squabbles, are matters of the very first importance to every man in the colony. In the independence of the Bench is contained, indeed, our last and surest guarantee for the preservation of public liberty. Let this bulwark be once thrown down, and there remains nothing to separate our political condition from that of a pure American democracy. Let the judges be held to be responsible for their decisions to the Attorney-General of the day, and there disappears the one most tangible security which the people possesses against the tyranny of the ruling majority, and the one most precious privilege which is part of our heirloom of British citizenship. To any one who has watched care- fully the demeanour of Mr. HIGIN BOTHAM towards the judges, it must be evident that the Attorney-General has conceived a deliberate plan of degrading the Bench, and bringing its authority into contempt. Both by theory and by practice, he is resolved to make the judges only subordinate officers in his department. They are supposed to exist only to execute the will of the Crown Law Office. Their acts, even their movements, must be sub- mitted to his control. They are treated as though they/were created only to register the decrees of the reigning Ministry. They are to interpret laws not by the rules of justice and the light of reason but as the Ministers would have them interpreted. They are re- quired to regard the motives of the lawmaker at least as much as the natural meaning of the law-to con- strue the statutes not by their letter but by the spirit which the Ministry might, or could, or should, have given them And this they are required to do upon peril of being branded by the Attorney General in the House for partiality, for cowardice, for incompetence, or for dis- regard to the rights and privileges of the people. How completely Mr. HIGINBOTHAM'S practice carries out Mr. HIGINBOTHAM'S theory in this respect, was seen on that memorable occasion when the chief law adviser to the Government, the fountain of justice-the principal source of legislation-the consolidator-gene ral-he who of all men was under an obligation to show an example of re- spect to the constituted tribunals-in- dulged himself in a violent personal attack upon a judge, simply because that judge, in the execution of his office, had to give a decision unfavourable to Mr. HIGINBOTHAM. Never, in the worst days that the colony has yet seen, was the public decency more grossly violated than by the Attorney-General, in this wanton and cowardly attack upon a gentleman who, by his position, was precluded from any opportunity of de- fence. To kick an archbishop would be chivalrous revenge in comparison. That some low-bred fellow, living in a consti- tutional antipathy to law and to judges, should indulge himself in this manner, would not have been surprising; but what are we to say when the Attorney General himself, that model of conscien- tiousness, scolds the Bench as though it was the Opposition, and was trying to turn him out of office ? In that very speech, Mr. HIGINBOTIIAII was especially severe upon the "cowardice" of the anonymous journalists, who make a habit of assailing the purity of Mi- nisters. But what comparison is there between the worst cowardice of which any journal can be guilty and the cowardice of abusing a judge? When the journal at- tacks a Minister, the Minister has at least a ready and easy means of reply ; nor can the fact that the attack is " anony " mous " (even if it were really so) mike it any tho more or less cowardly. The circumstance of the anonymity, indeed, conveys no advantage, but rather the reverse, to the journalist. His charges, whatever they are, must rest upon their intrinsic truth. They derivo no weight i J from the name of Lim who utters them, and they canvonly hurt when they con- tain some evidence of being sincerely made. The journalist, unlike the Minister, cannot be perpetually producing hi» cer- tificates of personal good conduct and making appeals to his private goodness. The Minister is so far at an advantage in any encounter, that he has, by the nature of things, an audience predis- posed to defend him; and, moreover, that he may speak at any length, and as violently and furiously as he will, in perfect confidence that all the fury and the violence will be carefully reproduced in the next morning's paper. But for the Attorney-General who accuses a judge of being influenced by political motives in giving his decisions, what excuse can there be 1 What " coward's " castle" is so safe as a seat in the House of Assembly, guarded by the mysterious and awful right of privilege 1 "What is a judge to do when ho is so assailed 1 We have heard what Ameri- can judges will sometimes do in their own defence. Does Mr. HIGINBOTIIAM intend us to import this with other American institutions ; or what form of reply or explanation does he expect from the judges whom he assails? To a con- science so tender and so elastic, it might possibly be suggested that to speak of "political" judges-to insinuate thata cer- tain decision was given against the judges' oath out of favouritism or prejudice to mix up the Bench with his quarrel with a newspaper-is perhaps the most dastardly act which any man can be guilty of. The stability of a Govern- ment-nay, even the personal character of an Attorney General-is too dearly defended at this cost. The worst ravages of the acarus Urquliarti cannot do a thousandth part so much injury to the community as one such speech from an Attorney-General. The personal character of the whole bench of Ministers, with the reputation of the entire House of Assembly, is as nothing compared to the sanctity which ought to attach to the Supreme Gourfc of law in this country. And by far the worst calamity which Mr. HIGINBO TDAM'S fatal gift of conscience has yet brought upon Victoria is the example he has set in his administration of the responsible office of chief controller of the Judges' department. According to a statement made by the Chief Secretary, in the Legislative Assembly, yester- day, the Government propose that Parlia- ment shall adjourn on Friday next for the Easter holidays. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. Carpenter put a question to the Chief Secre- tary, with the view of ascertaining what steps the Government intend to take in order to give legal effect to tho tariff resolution?. The reply of Mr. M'Oulloch was, that he could give no further information oa the subject to that contained ia the anawer made to a question put sorno weeks ago. The Post-Office Law Amendment Bill was read a second time in the Legislative As- sembly last evening, and some progress was afterwards made with the measure in committee. The chief object of the bill is to create poBt-office savings-banks. The Chief Secretary stated that already there are fifty-Ave post-officep, in connexion with which savings-banks may be forthwith estab- lished. Deposits of sixpence and upwards will be received, and interest will be allowed at the rate of four per cent, per annum. The Government sustained a defeat in the Legislative Assembly last evening, on Mr. Wheeler's motion, having for its object the appropriation of £50,000 towards the con- struction of bridges within shires, roai dis- tricts, and boroughs, in special cases, where the revenue of local bodies is Insufficient to provide for the same. The motion waa carried by twenty-nine to eighteen. The Justices Law Consolidation and Amendment Bill was read a third time in the Legislative Assembly last evening. Elsewhere we publish an important cor- respondence between Dr. Mackay and Mr. Eiginbotham, on the subject of the consoli- dated statutes. We have received a letter from Mr. Thoa. Napier, in correction of our report of the Essendon case, stating that ho was one of tho magistrates who retired from the bench at the examination of Gonsales for perjury. We have received from F. S. J, a contribu- . tion of £1 to the sufferers by bush-fires. The treasurer of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum acknowledges the receipt of the undermentioned sums in aid of the funds: Borough of Fitzroy, £10 10a. ; Borough of Hotham, £2 2s. The following donations to the late bazaar in aid of the Magdalen Asylum at Abbots- ford are acknowledged :-Dr. Farrage, £1 -Is. ! Drs, Garrard and James, £1 Is. ; Mr. Da graves, £1 ; Stevenson and Sons, £2 2i. ; Bright Brothers, £2 2*. ; Hon. A. Frasor, £1 Is. ; Mr. Lalor, M.L A, £2 2s. ; Dr. Wilkin, £1 Is. ; Dr. Madden, £1; lion. H. Miller, £2; Mr. Matheson, £1 Is ; Mr. W. Selby, £2 2s.; Dr. Crooke, Fitzroy, £5 ; Miss Keily, £1 ; Mr. J. B. Martin, £1 ; Dr. Bindley, 10a. ; Mrs. Morris, 10s,; Mr. Morton, £1 ; Mr. A. Boas, lOí. ; small sums, £1 7s. Gd. Wo have been requested by the Lidies' Leichhardt Search Committee to say that subscription-lists aro lying at all the banks. The annual soiree of the St. Peter's Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association will take vince this evening. The annual meeting of the Church of England Sunday School Institute will be held this evening, in St. Paul's School-room. Swanston-street. His Honour the Chief Justice is expected to preside, At the weekly meeting of the Committee of Management of the Benevolent Asylum, yes- terday, the superintendent reported the state of the houso to be as follows :-Men, 270; women, 93 ; total, 809. There were 11 applica- tions for admission ; of these, 4 were ad- mitted, and 9 refused for want of room. The Burke and Wills monument was re- moved on Wednesday evening from Mr, Summers's studio to its future abiding-place, at the intersection of Collins street and Rus- sell-street, and yesterday was raised on to the pedestal. The ceremony of unveiling the monument will take place on an early day. The following legal opinion as to the value of a miner's right has been furnished to the journals hy the Mining department, for pub- lication :-" Counsel is referred to the3rd and 111th sections of the Gold-fields Act, and to the b.ie-laws of the mining board of the district of Beechworth, sent herewith, and his opinion is requested on the following matters:-l. Under theso bye-lows, is the holder of a miner's right entitled to take up and possets one or moro claims in any or each division of the mining district; or, must he hold one claim only at a time? 2\. Can he hold several claims in one or more divisions of the district if he take out a minn's right .for each claim? 3. And generally as to the rights and privileges which the holder of a miner's right Ja en .titled to under the bye-laws. 1. We think that under the bye-law* the holder of a miner's right ia entitled to take np and possess one or more claims. The proviso at the end of tho second paragisph of bye law No. 7 and bye-law No. l8 evi- dently contemplates that a person may have more than one claim, and shares in more than ono claim. 2 and 3. Referring, however, to the definition of claim in the 1st section of the act No. 32, the 3rd section, and the powers given in tho 111th section to mining boards to determine the form of the land which may be occupied by virtue of any miner's right, we are of opinion that the holder of one miner's right eau, under it, occupy or be possessed of shares in only ono claim. The 6th section of the act No. 22, --y-» which provides that words importing the \ singular number Bhall be deemed to include / r' " the plural, might, perhaps, be held to sane- \ tion a different construction ; but, upon the \ whole, we aro of opinion that it does not. We think, however, that if a person takes out eeveral miners' rights, he may occupj or bo possessed of shsreB in several claims. (Sigaed), John Atkinp, 27th Febiuary, 1865. (Signed), J. Denistoun Wood, 27th February, 18CS." AmongBt the supplementary contributions to be forwarded from Victoria to the Dublin Exhibition are two map», modelled in plaster -one illustrating the geological features of the colony, and the other showing the agri- cultural arcas and the lands which have bees, alienated from the Crown. The former ha3 been coloured by Mr. Mcnde, of the geological survey department ; and the latter by Mr. Philp, of the surveyor-general's department. Thovgh the models are not upon a large scale, they are exceedingly clear and distinct, and have been very well executed. Several gentlemen interested in mining matters attended at the Park Side Ironworks, Flemington-road, yesterday afternoon, to witneES a trial of a new amalgamating machine, called the centrifugal amalgamator, for which a patent has been taken out by Messrs. Evans Brothers. The machine is simple in ita construction and action. A circular catt-lron basin, shallow and with a flat bottom, contains the mercury, which is put in in sufficient quantity to cover the bottom, about half an inch deop. In this basin and floating on the mer- cury revolves a cast-iron "muller" with curved radiating grooves on the lower surface. This is worked by an upright shaft. The stream of sand and water enters a funnel around the Ehafr, and flows along the grooves between the mullor and the mercury, and by the rotary motion ia carried round and round, al- ways at the same time making its way towards the edge, where the sand aud water eecape between the margin of the muller and the rim of the basin. The patentees consider that their machine willsecure a perfect amalga- mation of the gold with tho mercury, aud at the some time will prevent any waste of the amalgam. It is calculated that the ma- chine will operate upon fifty tons of tailings daily. A meeting of shareholders of the Monarch Gold-mining Company (Strangways, near Castlemaine) was held, at the Hummums Hotel, last evening, for the purpose of electing a directory and a legal manager; Mr. Geo. llubhall waa in the chair. It waa resolved that the directory should bo composed of eight directors, each holding not less than four Bhares, six of them to be residents of Castlemaine, where the board meetings woro to be held, and two to be residents of Mel beurne. The following gentlemen were elected ¡-Messrs. L. L. Smith and W. Boss, of Melbourne, and Messrs. J. Slattery, H. 0. Thornburn, W. It. Bythell, T. Vincent, J. B. French, and T. W. Jones, of Castlemaine. Mr. Samuel Milligan was then appointed legal manager, which concluded the bu'inoss of the meeting. The half-yearly general meeting of share- holders in the New Chum Mining Compiny, Bendigo, was held yesterday afternoon, at the offices, 89 Market- street. Mr. W. B. Jone?, chairman of the company, presided. In the report submitted by the board of director?, it was stated that, although the results obtained during the past half-year had been satisfac- tory, yet they would have been much more profitable if the lessee, at the beginning of the year, had not been compelled to resort to extreme measures to enforce payment of the drainage assessment from claimholders along the line of reef who had allowed the water to accumulate in their workings, and thus prevented the rich lead at the 312ft. level from being worked. The dUpute ia now, however, in a fair way of being adjusted. During] the half-year ending the 28th of February, 2,915 tona were paEsed through the Btampers, all of which, with the exception of 167 tone crushed for the public, wa9 the com- pany's stone. From the 2,718 tons of quartz there were obtained l,768oz. 7dwt. smelted gold, which realised £6,828 193. Oomp.vred with the previous half-year, this retnrn showed n decrease of 1860 tons in the number crushed, a decrease of 228oz. in the yield of gold, and a decicase of £899 3¡j" in the amount realised. In the financial statement, tho receipts for the past half-year amounted to £6,919 17d. 6d, of which £6,828 19a. was received from gold, £71 7B. 6d. from public crushing, and £19 Ils. from transfer fees. The profit on the half jfar's trauEactions amounted to £2,836 10s. 10d.,of which £2,778 83., at 81. per share, or equal to forty per cent, per annum, was distributed amongst the shareholders. The report and accounts were received and adopted, on the motion of Mr. J. Dane, M.LA., seconded by Mr. J. J. Seife. Tho following gentlemen wera then appointed a committee of management for the ensuing six months :-Messrs. W. Bailey, Goold, W. B. Jones, M'Keogh, D. Moon, J. J. Selfo, and E. Hughes. Messrs. T. Thorp and G. E. Cowley were re-elected auditors for the Eame period. The secretary (Mr. H, SchleEinger) stated that, since the mine had been let on tribute, namely, from December 1, 1863, the company had received £16,376 17s. lOd. from the sale of gold. Some remarks were then made on the condition of the mine and its workings by Mr. D. Moon, one of tho Sandhuret directors, and the proceedings terminated. At half-past nine o'clock last night, a fire bioke out in Nott-street, Sandridge, in a boarding-house owned and occupied hy S. WilliamB, which was totally destroyed. The fire communicated to the adjoining house, occu- pied by J. Simmonds, and owned by J. M'Oul locb, and it also was totally destroyed. The next house, owned and occupied ^by A Holland, was slightly damaged. The pte mises destroyed were constructed of wood and insured. The cause of the firo is un- known. An inquett waa held yesterday, at the hospital, by the city coroner, upon the body of Catherine Moore. Deceased waa a washer- woman, and had for some time been in very bad health. She had been attended by a woman who lived in the same house with her, but had had no medical attendance. On Wednesday, she was visited by a clergymau, who took Dr. Knaggs to see her; and, on seeing the state deceased was in, the doctor sent her to the hospital. A cab was at oncs procured, but deceased died when on her way to the hospital. From the post-mortem exami- nation which he had made of the body, Dr. Turner attributed the death of deceased to disease of the heart, and a verdict was given in accordance with that view. Dr. Youl held an inquest at the hospital yesterday upon the body of Robert Johnston Russell, an accountant, aged thirty-six years. Robert Showers, a publican, of Fitzroy, stated that the deceased, for the last three weeks, had lodged in his house. He had a bedroom there. He was away from last Wed- nesday to Saturday, and when he came back he appeared very ill, and could hardly speak. He was assisted hom by a lad. He went to bed and remained there until brought to the hospital. He always took a glass of cherry brandy when he went to bed, and another was taken to his room for him to drink in the morning. He was accustomed to put four white powder into the brandy, and a section from it always remained in the jar. He did not do this for the last two days he was very ill on Sunday last, drank large quantities of water, and was vomiting this day. George Binge, chemist, knew the man, who had returned from New Zea- land two months ago. Whilst there he was treated in the hospital at Dunedin for dropsy. Since his return he bad been constantly drinking. He had been out of occupation. Witness saw him last on Monday ; he was then sober, but had been drinking for the three previous days. He was in a very bad, feeble state, and, finding him so ill, wit- ness took him to the hospital. Deceased was in the habit of taking opium, but witness did not know that he had bad any on that day. He told witness that he had taken some during the days that he had been away. He was a determined drunkard, and nothing could be done with him. Dr. Turner, resident physician at the hospital, stated that when admitted on Monday afternoon, deceased was semi-comatose, and could only be aroused with difficulty, He was almost pulseless. He died the same night. On one occasion, when witness had roused him, deceased said that he had taken four grains of morphia that morning. In accordance with Dr. Turner's inference from the post mortem ap- pearances, the jury found that deceased died from the combined efftcts of poisoning with morphia and alcohol. Several tradesmen were summoned before the District Court yesterday by W. J. Sugden, revenue inspector for the city corporation, on complaints of selling spirits of wine, not being licensed under the Publicans Act. The inspector had employed a man to visit the shops of the several defendants, and to pur- chase at each a gallon of the spirits. Evi- dence as to the purchase and strength of the spirits having been taken against the de- fendants in the first case-Frederick and Josiah Hemmons, wholesale druggists, 42 Collins-street east - it was argued on their part that they were exempt from the operation of the statute, firstly, be- cause splirits of wine were not within the meaning of the terms of description used in the act; and, secondly, because they were sold by defendants in their trade as druggists, and even as spirituous liquors -were permitted to be sold when intended for medicinal purposes. It was presumed, the defence alleged, that all persons pur- chasing such spirits at a druggist's shop intended to employ them in the preparation of drugs ; and further, spirits of wine were included as "therapeutic agents in the Phar- macopoeia." Mr. Hackett set aside the ground of defence based on the inapplica- bility of the act to spirits of wine, Inasmuch as they were decidedly spirituous liquors, and were, by the evidence, many degrees above the strength mentioned in the act. He, however, consented to state a case for the opinion of a higher court as to " whether wholesale and retail druggists may sell spirits of wine indiscriminately without a spirit licence." He said his own opinion was that the act left no doubt on the point. Pending the decision of the higher court, a penalty of £6 6s., with costs, was inflicted in the first case ; and two others, in which the same question was raised, were withdrawn on payment of costs. In cases in which Richard Harvey-a-cork importer, and John Brett were similarly complained against, the defendants, not beiog considered to come within the category of druggists, were fined as in the first case. At the Fitzroy Police Court, yesterday, a carpenter named James Patterson, who is not a stiangcr to the place, was summoned for ill-treating his wife. The man, it ap- peared, had some provocation, for the wife when put in the witness-box displayed a pro- ficiency in the mother tongue which made it evident that there was much to be said on both sides. The Bench met the case by binding the husband in sureties amounting to £80 to keep the peace for a term of three months. A man named Patrick Daly was lined 10s, for ciuelty in diiving a galled horse, and Hamilton Sloane, an habitual drunkard, was committed to gaol for three months for again giving way to his besotting weakness. A serious assault caso was lightly disposed of at the Hotham Police Court yesterday." The defendant was a woman named Susan Webb, and it was proved by the evidence of Dr. Moore that she had used an axe with such -violence on the head of the complainant, Mary Ridge, as to fracture the skull, several pieces of bone having been removed by the medical attendant. The plaintiff having in- timated that she would rather sue for damages than prosecute the defendant criminally, the Bench made an award of 40/., and there the matter terminated. At the same court, Archi- bald Beaton, a butcher, was fined 10s., for using abusive language to the inspector of nuisances while the latter was examining his premises. John Conyngham, who had been brought up as a lunatic some time ago, waB discharged, after three weeks' confinement. At tho Sandridge Police Court yesterday, 'William Strahan was sent to tho hulks for four weeks, for neglecting bis duty as 'cook on board the ship Summer Cloud. From the sfatenunt made by the captain, it seemed that the pilscner was frequently in the habit of getting diunk, tho result being that no provisions were cooked for the ship's com- pany, Wm. Pasgate, Thomas Gordon, Peter Morrison, and Thornes Ogilvie, were charged with disobedience of orders on board the ship Nimrod, but were dismissed with a repri- mand. Jane Doyle and Anne Dickson, two . disorderly women, were sent to gaol for fourteen days for disgraceful conduct in the streets. A seaman, named Thomas M'Guin ncss, belonging to the ship Cheviot, was brought up on a charge of deserting from his vessel, and proof bting given that he had absented himself withe ut leave, he was sen- tenced to four weeks' imprisonment in the hulks. rAt the Prahran Police Court yesterday, Charles Dick, a lad of sixteen years of ago, ' residing at Windsor, was brought up on war- rant, charged with stealing books from the Pfcinraii Public Library, and waa remanded *8?~i-o_day for the production of evidence, \--___t Wc8t and Willialn LBe- two DDys *ge_>respectively fourteen and ten ysars, .were charrred with stealing fruit, but it appeared that the prosecutor declined to go on with the case, tho boys' parents having undertaken to administer a mo- derate and suitable chastisement. The juvenile thieves were therefore discharged. John Davidson, an old offender, was sent to gaol for twenty-four hours for drunkenness. David Booth, a " neglected child" of twelve years of age, was sent for "five'years to the Industrial School. Richard Hill, charged by Mr. P. J. Martin, J.P., with being illegally on premises, was discharged, after hearing the case, which was to the effect that the de- fendant had been employed by complainant in the Prahran Hotel, and had refused to leavo when ordered to vacate the premises. There were two charges-one for being illegally on the premisea of P. J. Mar- tin, and the other for being illegally on the premises of William O'Connor ; but the last-named, on being called aa a witness, stated that he bad never received any pro- ceeds from the business, and had no interest in the hoUEc, although he was tho licensee of the prcmlecB, the Prahran Hotol. The only case of any importance in the civil cause list was a plaint against one Charles Wyett, for board and lodging at an hotel, and a verdict of £20, with costs, was given. At the Williamstown Police Court yester- day, James Qulgley, a man sixty-three years of age, was brought before Mr. Mason, charged with arson. Tho inspector of police stated that, about five o'clock on the previous after- noon, the prisoner went into the house of his brother, William Quigley, in Macquarie street, and, seizing from tho hearth a fire- stick, rushed into an adjoining room and placed it on the bed. A quantity of clothes and other effects were destroyed, and had it not been for the efforts of a few persons who hap- pened to ba near the spot, the premises would have been burned to the ground. The case was adjourned to the following day, to secure the attendance of witnesses. A man named Henry Jones, an old offender, waa fined 10a., or three daya' Imprisonment, for drunken- ness. The miners in and around Castlemaine are about to mako a demonstration in favour of the Coliban water scheme. To-morrow they aro to gather from all quarters, with bands of music. They aro to march to the market reserve, where probably resolutions on the subject will be submitted. The Coorong puts us in possession of our files of the Adelaide journals to the 28th inst., but they contain no news. The Coorong made a veiy smart run of only forty-seven honre from port to port. The quarterly inspection of the Williams- town Naval Brigade took place on Saturday last. The men mustered at tbo drill-room, under Captain Elder, at three p.m., and marched to the four-gun battery, where they were met by the inspecting office», Major Pitt and Captain Payne. Having been put through infantry drill by the officers of the company, arms weie piled, and the guns were manned for shot and shell practico at a target moored at a diBtanco of 1,300 yards. The firing was excellent, nono of the shots being very wide of the mark, and the target being struck several times. At the conclu- sion Major Pitt expressed his pleasure in being able to make such a satisfactory report of the brigade to head-quarters, the guns having been well worked by both officers and men, who appeared to thoroughly under- stand their different duties. As for the field movements, he could only say they woro executed in the brigade's usual steady man- ner. The number of men on the ground waa about eighty, exclusive of the band. By the Alexandra, which arrived at mid- night, we have our Sydney files to the 28th inBt. They contain particulars of the at trocious murder of the Bev. Mr. Volkner by the Moori fanatics, reported a day or two ago by telegraph, and which will bo found in another column. The Herald íeports, by tele- gram from Forbes, a fresh outrage by Hall's gang. It ÍB said:-"Between eleven and twelve o'clock on Saturday night, Gilbert and Dunn entered Mr. Jones's stores, Bankin-street, Billabong. They wore armed with four revolvers each, and each of the villains, presenting two revolvers at the young men in the store, ordered them to tho upper end of the counter. Two other assistants, who arrived shortly after, were treated in a similar manner. All the young men were guarded by Dunn, while Gilbert rilled the till, which contained betwoen £80 and £90. Hall and another ruffian were posted outside. The bushrangers took a supply of winter clothing to the extent of about £30."_ 