THE WEATHER OF MONDAY. DESTRUCTIVE BUSH F1P.ES, AND GREAT LOSS OF PROPERTY. Tho hot winds which perevailed in Melbourne, on Monday, appear to havo been prevalent throughout tho colony, nnd bush fires, which proved more than usually destructive, seem also to have been of very general occurrence. We tuko the fol lowing particulars from our country contem poraries : — BALLAARAT. The fiercest hot wind day of tho season occurred on Monday, and by tho the middle of tho day Ihe whole air was charged with d;i3t, which the gales from tho north drifted violently into every cranny and crovico. What with dust aud smoke, the hori zon was scarcely visiblo at all, and frequently it was entirely hidden, while the hot blasts uud stifl ing dust kept tho streets clear of all but those per sons who were compelled to bo about town. At about four p.m. the wind veered round to tho south ward, aud with a cooler air (here camo nlso slight showers of rain. About midday tho thermometer kept at tho District Survey Office showed 09 deg. in tho shade. By telegram from Sandhurst it will be seen that thero tho thermometer showed 10G deg. in tho shade, and that tho placo was surrounded with fires. By telegram also wo iiud that Daylea ford was similarly situated, and tnere was great ex citement to provent tho destruction of Riddel! and Tredennick's steam eaw-mills in Bullarook Forest. —Star, February 28. LEAItMONin. The Learmontb. district has again boen the scene of extensive fires. Ou Sunday night two stacks of oats, on the farm occupied by Mrs Hynes, at Ercil doun, were discovered to bo on fire. Tho stack3 were situated fully 11 quarter of a milo from the road nnd every precaution as to ploughing around them for the purpose of protecting them from fire had boen attended to. There is every reason to sus pect that the lire was tue net 01 an mceuuiury. About ono thonsand bushels of grain wero de stroyed. Tho Learmontb. police are in activo search for information which will lead to the detection of the incendiary. On Monday, a firo occurred ou the run of tho Messrs Learmonth. Several constables who were in attendance at the Learmonth polico court, when tho lire broko forth, woro sent off to the scene of conflagration. Particulars had not been received when tho mail left Leormouth, but from the appearance of matters from the township, thero is reason to fear that ' all the grass upon the run has been destroyed, and probably buildings as well. Mr Vaughun, Happy Valley, has had a stuck of wheat believed to contain 3000 bushels, completely des troyed. Mr Holgate, of Mount Bolton, has had tho wholo of his fences and grass (that is all that escaped a fire on Thursday last) completely des troyed. A butcher named Smith, ut Muuut Bolton, had his place on firo, and with difficulty saved his dwelling house alone. His outhouses were all con sumed, and somo pigs wero actually roasted alivo. At Burrmnbeet, among tho farms held under tho Messrs Learmonth, much damago hus been dono by fire, but we had not received uny particulars at a Lite hour last night. On BIr Robertson's run, Burn bank, thero was also a great, and it is feared des trnctive, fire. On Monday, too, a large portion of tho country at Smeaton, between tho Three Cnstles Hotel and Smeaton Hotel, was on fire. The flumes also extended to Kingston, aud much property has been consumed. Tho Smeaton Hotel and tho large stock of liquors, &c;, contained therein (valued at about £800) was, notwithstanding tho utmost exertions of fifty men, utterly destroyed. There was also consumed a stack of oats and another of hay (worth about £200), belonging to Mr Andrew Mather. A farmer at Gleudonuld has had three stacks destroyed. A number of persons at Spring Gully have been burned out. Coffey's grass pad dock at Spring Hill bus been burned up. A farmer, named Flanagan, at Birch's Creek, has had a good deal of property destroyed. Large fires aro burn ing near Mount Prospect, near tho Deep Creek; also in Bullarook. The stocks of grain and dwel- linghouse of Mr Adam Broomfield, junior, at Bulla- rook, as also the stacks and dwelling of Mr John Ray, havo been burned. Thero was a largo firo at Scrub Hill. Hundreds of acres on the runges, be tween Ballaarat and Buuinyong, havo been on fire during tho day, and aro still burning. Passengers by tho night train from Molbourne, last evening, reported to us that tho bush was in flames from Warrenheip to Lai Lai ; that a groat many cattlo had boen destroyed, and many more, appallod by the flames, were running madly about in all directions. —Star, February 28. BENDIGO. Yesterday in Sandhurst was the hottest, the dus tiest, the most miserablo, and Iho most unbearable day wo have had, not only this season, but for many seasons provious. Early in the day a fierce hot wind commenced to blow, driving an atmosphere like tho blast from a furnuco in the faco of uny one who had to go into tho street. While scorching tho unfortunate foot passengers with its heated breath, tho wind was strong enough to lift that horrible road mixture of tho town clerk's from the surface of tho stroets, and, iu addition ti being half scorched by tho hot wind, ono was totally blinded by tho elands of dust. Between two und three o'clock tho thermometer marked 105 degrees in tho shade in Pall Mall, whilo about that timo largo bush fires were observod in nearly every direction around Sandhurst. The glare from tho bush fires was dis tinctly visiblo on Iho horizon round about tho town. A large fire, which appeared to bo burning in the direction of the Upper Sheepwash, threw up a reflection which led inuuy to believe that a large firo was consuming some of the houses situated in the nontln:ni portion of Sand hurst; while another large fire, to tho eastward, aiso illuminated tue sity 111 mat direction, lester day, it may be staled, was one of Saxby's days — or, rather, followed closely one of his duys — on which was predicted ira atmospherical disturbance. About nine o'clock a perceptible change to a cooler atmos phere took placo, aud, after ono or two threatening showers, the rain commenced to como down with considerable force until about cloven o'clock, when it ceased. Tho gale did considerable damage amongst frail buildings. Botween twelve and ono o'clock the galo sceinod to bo blowing its hardest, and at that time the roof of Jones's brewery, M'Crae street, was blown off. The iron roof and verandah of Mr Savern's dwelling, Bcrnal street, was also carried away by tho wind. One of tho front win dows of tho Mechanics' Instituto was blown in, and fell on a beautiful specimen of coral in a glass case, both of which wero smashed, tho damago done being estimated at £G. In othor places the roofs of houses not firmly tixod wero ulso lifted up by tho strong gusts of wind. Tho bush fires which were burning during tho day in ovory direction around Sandhurst, wire unprecedented in tho memory of tho oldebt resident of tha district. To tho southward, in tho direction of tho Upper Sheepwash, and between that and Mount Alexander, the immense volumes of smoke in tho day time, and tho red glare at night, indicated that an extensive bush firo was burning, while in a souih-eastorly direction similar appearances told of tho progress of firo in that direction. One just beyond the One Tree hill, at the Sheepwash, burnt fiercely last night, and another apparently between the Axe and the Campaspo seemed extensive though further off. We aro informed by u gentleman who arrived from Echncn by tho evening train, that the whole of tho bush in the neighborhood of Goornong, and indeed on both sides of tho line from Rrmny medo to tho latter-named pluce, was burning fiercely. In tho direction of Huntly, and between there and tho Whipstick, there wero bushfires. Away towards Myers's Flat immense bodies of smoke und flames ware to be seen throughout the day, and again in tho direction of Bullock Creek and Loekwood there wore txtensivo fires. To the north-east a large fire was also visible last evening, but at a great distance off. The appear ance of tho horizon around Sandhurst last night before tha raiu began to full was remarkable ; for in every direction fires lit up tho dark canopy of clouds with a lurid glare. We have not heard whether any damago to property has been caused in the vicinity of Sandhurst, but wo fear that ouch extensive conflagrations must have involved valuablo property to a considerable extent. Those who wero in tho colony on Black Thursday must have been struck with tho similarity of yesterday to that me morable day. Thero was the same fierce, rushing, hot, north wind, the sky and tho surrounding land scape obscured by the smoke of innumerable fires and tho dust, and at night the grateful change of a cool breeze from the south with refreshing showers. On tho arrival of the train, last night, from Mel bourne, we wero informed by a gentleman who was a passenger by the train that on both sides of the line, all tho way from Woodend, the bush was blaz ing fiercely. On every Bide of Mount Mucodon, tho timber, largo and small, was on lire, producing a spectacle of magnificence' aud terror. In the locality of Tiiradalet Elphinstono and Mouut Alexander, the whole country appeared to bo one mass of fire.. 'While the train wns stopping a few minutes nt Loncefield, it was staled that two or thrco valuable farms had been consumed by the fires, which had canght the growing crops and extended to the home steads. — Advertiser, February 28. CASTLEMAINE. Yentorday was by far the most opprensivo nnd disagreeable day that hns beon experienced during the present Benson — perhaps, indeed, for several years past. A hot wind wns blowing violently nnd scorchingly for many hours, and the clouds of dust that were driven through the streetg wero quite enough to suffocate, and blind pedestrians. The thermometer was at fever hent in the shade, and wo are afraid fo make an estimate of its register when exposed to the sun's rays. 2?unc est bibendum was the common motto, and this is not to be wondered at, for certainly we havo seldom — oven in this colony — experience! so intensely the thirsty effects of n geuuine hot wind. Towards evening the sky became overcast, the wind veering round, and, at the time we write, rain had commenced to fall. The terriblo heat of yesterday is accounted for to tt grent extent by tho occurrence of very large bush lires in the vicinity, and nt a comparative distance from Castlenuuue. A gentleman who came up by tho train informs us that, on either sido of the railway from Taradnlo to Moonlight Flat and the mount, the wholo country was in a complete blaze. Two miles in length of tho railway fencing between Taradale and Elphinstonohas been entirely consumed, nnd it was rumored thnt tho property of Mr Hull, O,E., hnd also been completely destroyed. Our informant states that tho farm of Mr Reynolds, of Taradnlo, together with valuablo stacks of hay, havo been reduced to ashes, and that Mr Urquhart'a placo narrowly escaped tho power of tho devastating elouient. Tho scene, as witnessed from the railway cars, is described as being grand in tho extreme. Lofty trees were nil in Humes, looking in tho dis tance like huge candelabra. Tho smoko wns intole rable, and travellers by tho trains wero glad to shut tho windows to keep tho nuisance out. Speaking of bush iires in tho neighborhood of Taradale, a correspondent writes : — ' This (Monday) afternoon, the inhabitants of Tnrndalo wero terrified fiy the approach of flro towards tho township. Tho fire-hell was rung, and the inhabitants turnod out en masse. Tho mayor, Messrs Jansen, Graham, Wilson, and other of tho principal men of tho town directed tho efforts of tho men iu extinguishing the fire. The whole country north and west of Tnra dale, appeared in ouo sheet of flame, and tho sky was filled with smoko. The fire seemed to have come from tho direction of Mount Aloxauder, con suming everything iu its course. It is asserted that Messrs Hull, Reynolds, and Gillespio havo suffered severe losses, nnd that tho estate of Frog jnore has been almost wholly destroyed. The iiro towards nightfall presented a magnificent spectacle.' From another source, wo learn that the farm of Mr M'Clellan, in tho line of tire near the Jauction, narrowly escaped destruction. As it was, two stacks of hay of two tons each were burned. At this placo the fire was about ouo mile in width, and other largo farms in the viciuity wero placed iu great jeopardy. Looking in the direction of Heathcote, there is every probability that tho bush fire has also committed great ravages in that quarter. At present it is impossible to estimate accurately tho extent of the damage done, but it must be very considerable. At night, Castlemaiuo was surrounded with a zone of flame, or rather tho reflection of burning timber, and the atmosphere was most oppressive and un breathablo. There is no doubt that considerable damage has resulted from these fires. Since the above was written we havo heard that about eighteen homesteads, lying between the mount and the Junction, havo been totally destroyed. Mr Dainty aud Mr 'White have been considerable losers by the fire, nnd it is reported that the child of Mr Thomas was burned in the flames. A valuablo racehorse was also killed. Wo give these additional particulars exactly a3 they reached us at a late hour last night.— M. A. Mail, February 28. NEWSTEAD. Newstead was yesterday surrounded by bush fires, and many of the inhabitants are apprehensive for the safety of tho town. As a girl was washing in Marsden's yard, sparks from a fire lighted outside flew on to a dry dung heap, the straw immediately ignited, and hnd it not been for the strenuous exer tions of a score of men, several of the houses would most probably have beon consumed. The bush fire on the rango near the Bridge Inn was, at three o'clock, towering yards high. Some horses, startled by tho blaze and smoke, broko away, and tho resi dents were in a state of excitement and dread. — M. A. Mail, February 28. MOUNT MORIAC. Moant Mbriac was yesterday the scene of a con flagration that will bo remembered for some time by many of tho inhabitants of the district. It was n road board day, and during the sitting, the alarm ?was given that tho whole mount was on firo. Tho board at once adjourned, and ^ach member sallied forth armed with a sack, the bongh of a tree, or anything that camo first, in fact, to hand, and pre vented the fire crossing the Mill road, in which case a large quantity of easily combustible property would have fallen a proy to tho flames. From about a hundred yards from the board office some idea might bo formed of the extent and rapid progress of the fire. In front, on top of tho mount, a portion of Mr Tindnle's vineyard was on fire, but the vines, from the moisture in them, offered a check to tho flames which wero spreading over a fiold of long grass, and here and thore portions of the vineyard fence might be seen burning. Below the vine yard, at tho foot of the mount, was Mr Richa's homestead, and as Iho wind wus blowing fiercely in this direction, tho whole of tho buildings seemed inevitably doomed to destruction. Just as tho firo approached the homestead, however, the wind sud denlv veered round, and with the gust the firo j swept round the corner of Richo's farm, leaving the homestead uninjnred. On it came, curling and crackling through the long stubble, towards tho Mill road, igniting n large stack of straw, and coming right up to the woodwork of tho small chapel used by the Bible Christians. From ten to twenty men here worked energetically to boat the firo down, and by dint of great energy the ehapel was saved, but tho smoke was so dense thnt the men were fairly prostrated by the suffocating vapor. In the mean time tho firo was rapidly rolling onward to tho right in the direction of tho Barrabools. A man named Mahoney had only threshed out his wheat on Sa turday, and had some two or three hundred bushels on the ground, tho whole of this and nearly tho entire homestead were consumed in almost less time than it takes to write it. Mulligan's farm buildings fell next, tho house escaping almost by a miracle. On it went till it reached tho hollow in the Mill Road, where Reuben Clarke's house was situated, theru was no time to removo anything, the dry weatherboards Beemed to lick up the flames, till the whole was, in a minute or two, in a blaze. Far away to the right, as now and then the wind partially cleared the atmosphere of the dense smoke, bodies of fire wero distinctly visible as of burning buildings or stacks. A splitter saw, at some distnuce, bis hut, in which be had left his wife and child, in flames, and he took the first horso he could get and rode to them through tire and smokn, so fierce and suffocating at times that it wns dangerous to approach it. The damage dono is far greater than can at present bo estimated, for it was only from what could bo dis tinctly seen at a distance that our account is penned, and the fire appeared to he spreading with consi derable rapidity. It appears that on Saturday a fire was kindled by soiue bplitters on the mount, aud it is probable, therefore, that yesterday's disastrous confiagravion was owing to tho embers then left smouldering. — Geclony Advertiser, February 28. TEEMBLE CONFLAGRATION AT KVNETON. The bush fires that have beon raging in this district during the last few days havo gained in in tensity day by day. Miles of bush country have had to 3'iuld to the devouring element, nnd in many cases farms and grass paddocks have beon one after the other destroyed. Between Carlsruhe and Kyne -ton, towards the Bald Hill, a large fire has been rnging for moro than a week, and yesterday and Sunday if. increased iu intensity, sweeping away farms and homesteads in its relentless path. Yes terday, between ten and eleven o'clock, the fire swept across the paddock of Mr Argyle, and attached tho fences of Mr Halliday, whose farm ia just ?verging on the township. Sweeping across the farm, the flames quickly canght tho outhouses ; the bay stack, a stuck of straw, stables, and everything except tho dwelling- house itself were soon en veloped in fire. The fire wes Been from the township, and n largo number of townspeople ?went across to render what assistance wan in their power, and they succeeded in saving the dweilinghouse, which was literally tho onlv thing upon th'j farm that was not destroyed. A large stack of hay, supposed to weigh forty tons, a stack of straw, the stuble, in which was the har ness, ont!)on.se.s and barn3 wero nil destroyed. Four times llie lire caught tho dwellinghouse, but the number of those about succeeded in saving this from the pitiless tyrant. All the furniture, bed ding, etc., had to bo removed, and, of course, tho removal, although executed as carefully as possi ble, irreparably injured it. The property, nfter tho firo was somewhat subdncd, presented a most deplorablo aspect, tho ground baro and black, stumps of trees still burning, and the house — a mero wreck — tho only object above the level of the soil. A crop of potatoes facing the road wns par tially, but not altogether destroyed. Mr Halliilay, as is well known, has been bedridden for some time past, and it was with difficulty he could be per suaded to submit to removal, so nttcrly unconscious was ho of his danger. We regret to loarn that none of the property was insured, so that, although wo are not yet informed of tho extent of his loss, we know it must bo very severe. Sweeping along townrds tho pound, the lire next attacked tho farm of Messrs Mills aud M'Donald. Hero tho firo caught about three o'clock, and swept everything before it with the force of a whirlwind, bidding defiance to any steps to stay its progress. Tho dwelling, outhouses, barns, ifcc, two or tbreo stacks of corn, and the entire produce, wns completely bnrned down in an incredibly short space of time, effectually prevent ing any efforts to save a portion of the farm produce or furniture. The next place that caught was that of Mr Crawford, and the same fierce rapidity charac terised the manner in which tho firo destroyed his farm. Two stacks of corn, outhouses, fencing, and, in fact, everything, except tho animals, wero destroyed. Tho next placo to succumb was that of Mr Marlin, popularly known as Rosemary Garden, and, without exception, this was — beforo destroyed by tho fire — ono of tho liuest gardens in this district. What was once tho garden is now ono burnt black patch of barren soil, denuded of every vestige of cultiva tion. Tho buildings, outhouses, piggeries, &o.;, are all destroyed, together with a quantity of outs and other produce. Tho farm of Mr Cr. Pell was tho next to submit to the mastery of the devour ing elemont, audtho same relentless fury which pre viously prevented anything being sftTed, also had effect 'here. Mr Poll's dwellinghouso, his barn, outhouses, two waggons, 4000 to 5000 bushels of grain, and tho entire crop of the season was des troyed. Next was that of Mr C. Poll, whoso barn, stable, and an immonse quantity of oats, roughly computed at between 5030 or G000 bnahols, woro destroyed. By immense oxortions on the part of those about, the dwellinghouse was saved. Mr Darby's place wns on fire almost simultaneously, and everything on tho farm of this gentleman was com pletely destroyed, not a stick or vestige remain ing. Mr Ycainan's place -was also on fire, but we are not in a position to state tho amount of destruction. Tho farms of Mr Gallagher and Mr Welsh caught, and their houses, stacks of hsiy and straw were all destroyed. It is of course impossible as yet oven to estimate tho amount of damage that has been dono by this firo, but it will bo immense, and will cause the completo ruin of many hardworking, thriving families. Tho manner in which tho fire originated is, of course, not known, nor is it ever likely to bo, aB it has now been burn ing, though within a more confined area, for more than a weok. Up to Saturday it had been princi pally confined to tho grass lands, and it was not till yesterday it reooived such an impetus from addi tional fires, tho extreme heat and strong wind. From an early hour yesterday morning tho wind brokewith extreme violence, and the heat — ahot wind blowing — became most intense. Many of the oldest residents in the district say that not oven on the well-remembered ' Black Thursday' was tho heat so intense as it was yesterday. Tho scene where the fire had been, as it swept in its onward course, was deplorablo to witness. Miles of laud that, a short time before, bad presented all the evi dences of tho highest cultivation, and on which wero erected good and substantial dwellings, were no more than blackonod and useless forest laud, fences destroyed, and, in fact, every vestige of cultivation swept away. Whatever Black Thursday was, Monday, tho 27th of February, 18G5, will long be remembered as an evil and terrible day in this district. Last night, as the sun went down, tho picture presented was terribly grand — miles of country presenting a face of continuod fire, with tho flame creeping up and spitting forth from tho top of tho forest trees, reminding one more of a raging volcano than of what is ordinarily known as a bush fire. Where it will end, if rain does not quickly fall, it is impossible to predict, and we dread to think of it. Wo have since heard that, in addition to those mentioned above, Mr Kearny's placo took fire, as also that of Mr O'Brien adjoining, and nearly everything on tho two places was destroyed. Mr Kearny, who was confined to his bed, had to be carried out of his bed for fear tho firo should catch it. A largo stack of corn and other produce, be sides fencing, was destroyed on Mr Kearny's farm. It is also rumored that Mr Govett's station ha3 been devastated by tbe fire, and tho homo station, dwel lings, &c;, completely swept away ; but we are net aware whether it bo correct or not. There is littlo doubt we shall hear of very much moro destruc tion yet. We are glad to be able to stato that, since the above wns in type, a smart shower of rain has fallen, putting an end to further danger at present, but the fires are still burning in patchos, especially amid the trees. — Observer, February 28. Supposed Murder of an Aboriginal. — A singu lar discovery was made near tho homestead of the Maryvalo station at tho end of last week. There is a spot of sandy soil there, which for a consider able time has been patronised as a camping ground by the blacks. Hero a spot was seen that had evi dently been recently disturbed, and only a few inches below the foot of an aboriginal was found. Tho earth was removed, and the body discovered at a depth of two or three feet. On a post mortem examination being made, it was impossible to dis covor the cause of death ; tho circumstance, how ever, which excited suspicion, was that the arms of the deceased wore strapped behind his back with a stirrup leather, — certainly not a usual mode of treatment. Tho body wan rolled up in a blanket. The deceased was well known in the neighborhood, and another blackfellow, also well known, is strongly suspected of having contributed to his death. — Hamilton Spectator, February 25. Fatal Accident. — Intelligence reached us, yes terday, that a man, named Donald M'Leod, met his death, on Wednesday last, onNewlands Station, be longing to Mr Gordon, near Ap3ley. The deceased was engaged ns bullock driver, and had camped with his team at n large swamp. On tho morning in question he had commenced getting in his bul locks which had strayed into the awamp. Ho was on horsoback. The swamp, which is in most places only eighteen inches or two feet deep, has several holes in it called ' run-a-way holes' or ' sink holes.' Of these dangerous places, M'Leod (who was a stranger there), had been warned. They are of that nature that they are hardly visible. In spite of the warning, however, ho went incautiously over the swamp, and he and his horse wero suddenly seen by tho men at the camp to disappear into one of tho holes. The horse came out without its rider, who appeared never to rise. The other men attempted to render assistance, but, as may bo sup posed, tho difficulty of so doing was very great ; indeed, it was only in tho afternoon, in spite of every exertion, that tho body of the poor fellow was recovered. An inquest was, wo understand, held on the body yesterday. — Hamilton Spectator, Feb. 25. Burned to Death. — A snd calamity occurred in Albury on Wednesday evening last, resulting in the death of Kate Farmer, aged about ten or eleven years, tho eldest daughter of Mr T. C. Farmer, of Albury, and formerly of Mount Prior. Mr Farmer, who had come from Wodongn, wont to bed about nine o'clock, and Mrs Fanner went out to visit her mother, who resides a few hundred yards off, leaving the children, four in nninber, in tho house, and telling the eldest to go to bed. Instead of doing so, it appears that she laid down on a sofa to learn her school lessons for next day, and began studying them with n candle in her hand. It is supposed that the child fell asleep and let the candle fall upon her clothes, for a lady, residing in tho next house to whero Mrs Farmer then was, observed, from the ve randah, some ono run out of Mr Farmer's cottage into tho darkness of tho night enveloped in flames. It proved to be tbe nnfortunato child, who shortly began to scream and run wildly about. Mrs Farmer and several neighbors hastened to tho cottage, and found tho poor littlo thing with every vestige of clothing burned off her, and her father in a state of bewilderment, and his hands much burned in his endeavors to put out the flames. Medical assistance was got, Dut beforo Dr. Wilkinson could return with remedies, several present poured flasks of oil over the little sufferer, and got her to bed, covering her with flour. She was perfectly conscious and sensi ble, speaking freely and clearly, but before daylight next morning reaction set in, and death ensued. The poor child presented a fearful sight, the whole of the body from tho ankles to the shoulders being burned. The police magistrate held an inquiry on Thursday ufternoon, and a verdict was recorded of ' accidental death.' Thus another nnd u fearful in stance is given of the dangers children aro exposed to from fire. — Alburn Banner, February 25. 