: LOCAL INTILIJGENCE. - '^The appointment of '.Mattjievt Cpuwflfi «s kcePef «f the powder magazine afcAYQca, is.ga2et»ed.' A reward of (£40 UoftettKl for inforraation wliich shaltietd to the conviction sf the person or persons who, on the night of the- 24th ultimo, maliciously set fire toa dividing fence near Glenlogie, the pro perty of Mr Charles Williamson. On Wednesday l«t, the residents of Elmhuret nd the torrounding district celebrated the comple tion of the Church on the Wlramera, by a tea meeting. Considerable preparations were made by the acting committee, and their efforts were crowned with success. More than a hundred persons of both sexes sat' down to an excellent and sumptuous re past, which took place in an umbrageous banquet ting hail, improvised for the occasion. The chair was occupied by the Rev. D. Galloway, B.A., who gave a brief account of the design of the gathering, and the state of the finances. Thereafter, a collec tion was taken up, which amounted, with the tickets sold, to more than £20. The church is t hus nearly free from debt.' The Rev D. Bertram, in a speech replete with much Wisdom, inculcated a spirit of Christian brotherhood amongst the various sections into which the community ii ecclesiastically divided The remainder of the evening was most agreeably spent. The bustle and excitement of the election, and the consequent full holiday everywhere kept, hail the effect of the Avocaans for the nonce waiving the usual Wednesday weekly half-holiday, the result of which was (hat the cricket match between Avoca and Homebush was indefinitely postponed, by mutual consent. Next Wednesday, the Avoca team have a tnal of skill with the Moonambel learn, on the ground of the former. By a notice in the Govern ? Cnt Gaeette of Tues day last, t he whole of the land which was to have been offered for sile bv the Government, at Moon imbet, yesterday, were withdrawn, at the instance of the Maryborough Mining Board, the etme being reported upon by the District Surveyor as aurife rous. The Mining Board have taken measures to prevent any auriferous land within their jurisdiction being alienated, and the Surveyor's report will henceforth guide them whether any crown lands be disposed of or not. A crown land sale is ap pointed to take place at Moonambel, on the 24th instant. Mr Barker's motion for the payment of members of the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly for their parliamentary attendance, was revived in the Lower House, on Tuesday last, and met with the support of t'vo-thirds of the members present. Mr Marker, in bringing the motion again before the House, did so in amended.forin, meeting the two objections which had been raised on a former occa sion. The first of these was, by including the members of the Council ; and the second (that it was unseemly for the House to pass a vote for the payment or its own members), lie proposed to meet by letting the scheme apply only to members who were elected after the passing of the bill ; and no present member of the House, unless he went back to his constituents, would receive any payment for their services. The first meeting of the newly-elected Mining Board for the Maryborough District, was held on Tuesday Jast, at the Board. Room, Maryborough. MrE. O'Farrell was unanimously elected Chair, man of the Board for the ensuing year. Amongst the correspondence read aud disposed of wab a letter from the Mining Uepsrtment.in reference to a pro posed sale of land at Moonambel. The Clerk in formed the Board that he had forwarded the plans of the land to the District Mining Surveyor, who reported that the greaterporiion was auriferous, and should not be sold. The remaining business was un iraportantf-and, after the tabling of several notices of motion, the Board adjourned until Monday, the 10th April. ' The wheat producing quality of the soil of the district of the PyrenesA is instanced' in the following paragraph from the Ararat Adeertuer, and which is of a most encouraging nature to farmers in this district:— 'The largest yield of wheat which we have yet heard of, as the produce of any Victorian farni,'this year; was grown by Mr Manly, of E|m. hurst. Prom an acre and a-half of ground, one hundred bushels of wheat were obtained { and the whole wu sold for Seed wheat, at twefity*hillinRB: per bubhel. This is the kind of farming that pays.' The following has been] banded to us for publi cation :~M At the sixteenth annual general meeting of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, held at, the Society?? office,' Sydney* on Monday, the 27th February, the result of the: business of the year eoding. the 31st December, 1865, was1 thus stated — Life policies, 1084 ; annuity policies, 19 ; e'ndbw ?*$ WW&&3 i. ^!.^Rb&ies;, Vai$: , i;hi s«ms newty.assjiipd amounted, to *S63,372 ? *jie nev-^omiwintlferoon to £25,847 } total poHeieV ii force on 31st December, 5189 ; tptal^suma as M'red, ^{HyMfli ' ' totaf -prennum income, J 86,4 JO; investments 4tore»w*VbyijW3;6O0 (tfmy1 ki m9xt&uatlto;*£&I0ftO0;}.- -;«dl uvfl864i^M*ri»f - 42ifa&; i-efch ?1»oi*u^i!A8!J»tJW4u^dreV ojhly 68-7 of that anticipated,^, the tables of ;mor». tality/'i . . ?: ,::, ;., V,. '.. -, ,..., M Shortly; afteV noon on tyondai', last, Leonard Worsley, Bsql, the Returning^Officer, attended « the Shirt Hal£ anil declared *he ; three , candidates nominated— Charles Kelvey Pearson, John For ward Kelly, and Edmund Snell, Eaqrs.— duly e^ed, toaerre as Coundllon for the South Biding oftbeflbiitof Avoca. : . , ™* We hear that itns the ihtenUoH, of the Avoca Amateur Dramatic Clubrmwiirto- giT* a perforoi itice in aid of- the^ * onto ^of -*« jM*rj*Ofollgb Hosplul. The (ocarEthioplinsereindert «fW^«J«a- contribute their share In the' performance. . Mr Little, of Eversley, is fl6w^»doptbig a plan for the improvement or the pasturage of hbgraat, pai'docks which, if more generally followed, would be productive of very Mtnfcetory; resttluto breeder! of stock and farmers generally. ? -The gentleman alluded to has lately purchased a oone.*rusblng machine, whicb, if our memory servw, turni, out two tons of bone dust per diem. This be intends spreading upon his paddocks, and then laying them down with prairie* red iclorer and other grasses ; the borders will be so*n.with the English no-grass, and as this remains green all the fear round.lt will ensure safety against the! danger of bush-fires. AU though the bone crushirijt-machine is now being worked by three horses, Mr Little purposes buyjng a small engine, which will turn out the dust at a a much cheaper rate.'— Ararat AdvsrHier. Mr Macre£or*6 Registration .'Act 'Amendment Bill pawd through it« ihird. re'adinK.iri.lhe;LegiB- lative Asponhly on Weilnesdfly evening;. The most important feature in the amendment is that, it place; holder* of miner's rights in the same position a« -oroug!», road district, and shire ratepayers with respect to having their names enrolled iri (be elec toral lists by virtue of those rights. A destructive an-1 ularmirie fire broke ou' in the bedrooms at the back of the Telegraph Hotel^ Maryborough, on Sunday night last, hut through the prompt action and activity displayed by the Ftre Brigade, and the facilities for (he supply of water offered by the fire-plues, t'-e flames did not reach beyond these bedroom*, with the exception of de stroying the roof of the adjoining premise*, belong ing to Mr Willan. * The equity unit or Dallimre and f-ihtr$ v. Jhe Queen came on for hearing An ..Wednesday last, before his Honor Mr Jus* ice Molesworlh. This was a petition in form of a suit, for specific per formance of a contract ente-e'TTnTff~rry the proper officers acting under the crown with' the: plaintiffs, for granting n lease of the Lam plough Ran for 14 ypars, to be renewable for another 14 yeara, sub ject to any portion of those lands being required for public purpose*, directed by Orders in Council. The basis of the contract was Hie Act of the Im perial Parliament, 0 and 10 Victoria, No. 104, which gave power to make Orders ift Council for. the purpose of making arrangements for the occu pation of crown lands. This Act clearly defined the powers to deal with the waste lands of the colony, and provided that it should, be lawful to demise on lease for a period of 14 years. The re. gulations were set our in the Order* in Council, and it was submitted that (hesc ordera1 tiad given a contract right to t he lands in question. The Case was adjourned to Friday. 