PASTORAL LABOURERS. [From The Australasian.] We are too much in the habit of ne- glecting the wants and improvement of our bush population. Out of sight they are out of mind, too ; and while every caprice of towns-people is a matter of study and debate, we can scarcely be said to be even acquainted with the evils which affect so seriously the well-being and social condition of those who may be called the squatting working class. Every one who has travelled much in the bush must have observed the miserably unsocial relations which exist, in too many cases, between the squatter and his men, the thoroughly demoralised condi- tion of the class known as "station " hands." Living in blank solitude, or herded together in huts, without wives or families, spending their existence in dreary idleness, or engaged in hardening pursuits, and far from the influences of civilisation, religious services, or instruc- tion, these men, in any case, are too much in 'danger of degenerating into semi-bar- barism. Their own improvidence fre- quently completes their debasement. Every few months of this half savage kind of life it is their regular custom to leave service, and hasten to the nearest bush publichouse, to spend every penny of their wages in drink. At all times of the year, the traveller can observe about these bush shanties a number of wild, miserable looking men, either fiercely excited or helplessly prostrated by drink. When their score is nobblerised out, they are quickly warned off the place, perhaps cheated as well as brutalized, and with empty pockets the dispirited outcasts tramp off to seek by a few months' more work the means of their next cheerless debauch. But, un- less in shearing time, it being no easy matter to get new employment, the misery these men often suffer in seeking it is extreme, and, however owing to their own improvidence, cannot be contem- plated without concern. Their difficul- ties are greatly increased by a still more debased class than themselves, the class of mere loafers, who live entirely by a system of forced benevolences levied on the squatters. These men spend the whole year in lounging along from station to station, claiming at each the night's lodging and a daily supply of food, robbing wherever it is safe, and often perpetrating the most atrocious outrages in revenge for denial of hospi- tality. Some of the most calamitous bush-fires owe their origin to these out- laws. Providing the wanders of both classes with supplies has proved such a serious burden that many squatters refuse to receive any wayfarers at all, and thus the station hand, returning from his carouse, though really wanting work, is often reduced to the brink of starvation before he finds it. Mr. Lang says that at one time he found the expense of supplying the tramps so great, being over £500 a-year, that he resolved to turn them all off for the future. However, the very first men who came broke down his resolution. Idle or not idle, criminal or meritorious, starvation was marked in every line of their haggard faces. He took them in, gave them employment, and afterwards learned that they really were station-men out of work, that they had travelled over 500 miles seeking it, and that before they came to him they had been living a week upon marsh-mal- lows. What makes the recklessness of bush workmen the more deplorable is, that they all have it in their power, by the exercise of ordinary prudence, to make themselves independent. The wages are good ; and, unlike employes in settled districts, they can save nearly every penny if they choose, A shepherd can get £50 a-year; £40 of this he could easily put by, and thus, after a very few years steady service, would have the means of starting himself in some rural industry. If marriage became more general among bushmen, they would have greater inducements to steady conduct, and their everyday life would not be of that cheerless hopeless kind which drives them to seek short re- spites in periodical seasons of intoxica- tion. The voices of children and the welcome of a wife would deprive the lone- liest out-station of its dreariness. Nor would the exigencies of station work be so incompatible with married life as is sometimes pretended ; certainly not, at least, for that considerable portion of the year during which the position of the huts can be fixed. No prudential mo- tives need restrain marriage in the bush, for any employer would willingly provide for the increase of rations to secure the permanent service of trustworthy men. Mr. Lang's suggestion of cheap bush libraries, to supply light and useful read- ing, is well worthy of the squatters' at- tention. It is one of those very simple means which can be easily employed, and which may produce the best results. We hope that the attention of pastoral pro- prietors will not be directed in vain to this subject. A wise self-interest should prompt them to improve, what the ad- dress before calls in plain but just lan- guage, " the miserable relations between " themselves and then workmen." Even some increase of actual expenditure would be wisely made, if the steady service of careful and cared for men could be sub- stituted for the haphazard job-work of the half savage nomads who prowl about the country. They must remember, too, that property has its duties as well as its rights, and its duties are not all per- formed by the mere payment of wages to ' its workmen as to so many instruments of toil. A large number of squatters show that they appreciate these truths, and know how to combine interest with duty, and we trust that their example will not be lost upon their brethren. 