PARLIAMENT LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, Tuesday, April 4. The PRESIDENT took the chair at twenty minutes past four o'clock, and read the usual form of prayer. PETITIONS 'Petitions in favour of the new tariff were presented'hy Mr. Miller, from certain of the inhabitants of Warrnambool, and by Mr Pettett, lrom certain of the oluc'ors of the Beveiidge division of the dUtrict of West1 Bourke. PAPERS Mr.'HERVEY presented the anntnl report of the director of tho geological survey, papers regarding the defences of the colony, a return as to ftiendly societies for 1864, correspondence regarding the great southern telescope, and regulations under the Neglectad and Criminal Childrens Act. NOTICE OP QUESTION. Mr. HULL intimated that, at t'ie nett sitting, he would ask the Minister of Public Works whether it was the intention of the Government to rccommlesion the Victoria us a sloop of war, In accordance with C jmmodore Wiseman's report on tho defence* ; and »lso whether the Government would lay any de- spatch received from the home Gjverninont in reply to the Treasurer's memorandum on the table of the House. QUARTZ REEFS DRAINAGE LAW AMENDMENT BILL This measure was received from the L°gis latlve Assembly, bat no hon. member took charge of it. JUSTICES LAW CONSOLIDATION BILL. A message wasrecrived from the Legislative Assembly transmitting this measure. On the motion of Mr. Hervey, the bill was read a first time, and o dored to bo printed. The second reading was appointed for the followiog day. HOSPITAL AND CHARITABLE INSTITUTION BILL A message was received from the Legislative Assembly transmitting this measure, and stating that the Assembly had «greed with certain of the Council's amendments, au! had disagreed with otheis. Mr. SLADEN moved that the mc33ago be taken into consideration. Mr. ¡ FAWKNER objected, on tho ground that the amended bills had not been cir- culated. The consideration of the message was post- poned until the following day. PUBLIC MONEY AND AUDIT LAW CONSOLIDATION BILL This bill was further proceeded with In committee. Mr. HERVEY reminded han. member j that the bill had baeu postponed ia ord.ir that au answer might b3 obtained to Mr. Strachan's question regirding tlio aporopiii tion^ of the immigration fund. Ile now read the answer as follows-" The umount remaining unexpended nt tho closa of the year 1864, < n account of the ap- propriation for the yeai 18(33 for immi- gration purposes, has not been subsequently so expended; neither has it b:en applied ti . any Bpecial purpo=p, apart or in excess of the votes of" the Legislative Assembly, but ha3 been dealt with as money lapped to the gene- ral revenue in aecordanos with section 29 of ? 22 Vic, No. 86. The amount remaining unsx- I pended on account of the appropriation for the year. 1804, for immigration purpiso', continues liable for the arrears of 1801 ; j but if not expanded by the 81st Dd cember, 1805, it will also lapse into the general revenue, and consequently bo available to meet -the general votes of the Legislature*. The expenditure of the money appropriated for immigration is made under regulations which have been sub- mitted to Parliament in accordance with law, and under their provision a larger sum could not have been applied within the limits pre- scribed hy tbe-itidit Act." Mr. STRACHAN remarked that it re- quired a lawyer to understand this pscullar reply. He gathored from it that the money set apart for' immigration purposes had been paid into the conbolidated revenue, and this being the oxse, ho would move that the bill be further postponed, ¡n order that on a future day ho might propose the amendment ho had already signified his in tion of bringing forward. Mr. FAWKNER maintained that the Go- vernment ought not to be allowed in futuro to deal with special appropriations in the way they had with tho immigration vote They had simply buen playing ducks and drakes with tho money. Mr. HERVEY Baid that the broid reply to Mr. Stiachan's question was that the Govern- ment had acted according to tho law, which was a mandatory law. Thu24th Bection of the Audit Act declared "except wlieto by any not now or hereafter to he In fore, it is or shall 'bo expressly enacted to the contrary, all sumH of money which are or shall be appropriated to the public ser- vice in any vear, and which shut! not be expended during such year, shall lapse " It was plain, therelore, that no Ministers would linve dared to deal othtrwlso with the iinml «mtlon fund than the Government had don ). The clause intho Land Aot wai simply to the effect that one fourth of tho land rovtmue should be spent ou Immigration, nnder régu- lations to bo njiproved of by Parliament; and the Legislature having adopted certain regulations, the Government could not po oulBido these. Instead of being bl'iinr-d. the Government ought to be congrituHted upon having acted in stiict accord with tho dictutoB of Pailiament. Tho previous speakers had entirely tra\ oiled out of their way In their rcfltctions upon the Govern- ment. If thry r to, they would seo thut the Government was fnlln insHfilwl muy Justinen. Mr. FAWKNER sitid tho hon. memiier blinked the real question. Th's was, why did not tlia Government discharge their dutv, and endtavour t« spend 'the wholo of thu money ? The fact was, that one of tho Mi- nisten had pandered to his constituents, who desired togtt 20? or !¡0¿. per day wag,.?, aud would ptop immigration to do so. Mr. CAMPBELL did not bjllovo.that the 24th clause rendered it imperative that the imniigration voto should 'lapse into tim cdii solidnted revanne. The.olauso distinctly e\ cepted ensps in which a contract or engage- ment had been entered into before the end of the year, and he maintained that every purchaser of land under tho act hud a cou trnct and enongoment with tho state to re- çoive back a. fixed proportion of his purchase money in tho form of immigration. Mr. HULL disagreed with tho position token by tho Government. Mr. STRACHAN pointed out that, accord- ing to the Minibter of Publie Worfee, a regula- tion was to be allowed to override on act of .Parliament. Mr. HEUVEV surgeBted that IA would bo .betier to amend tho Land Act, Mr. STRACHAN thouifht tho Council had bad quite enough of land acts. Mr. HERVEY said his object was not to imperil the passage of a measure whleh con- tained many valuable suggestions made by tho audit commissioners. Action might In taken on tbo immigration regulations about to bo submitted, tho same as might have been done-bofore. Mr. -STRACHAN remarked that tho regu- lations adopted by Parliament did not limit tho expenditure, and that was tho reason why hop. members had not thought it neces- sary to provide specifically açainst the misap- plication.of tbo vole. The fact wa", that the Government had checked immigration, Mr. HiRRVBY.-No ; thoy cairied the regu- lations out as far as thoy possibly could. Mr, STRACHAN.-Tho Ministry could have fpent avery shilling of tho money if thoy hod wished it. As the discussion had been pro- ceeded with, bo .would withdraw his motion, that tho Cuaii man -report progress, and would test the opinion of the House by proposing thol tho following proviso be added to the 24th clause of the bill :-" Provided always that the provisions of be considered to apply to the 28th section of tho Lvid Act of 1802/' Mr. SLADEN agreed witt the bon. member, Air. Campbell, that every mon who had spent a shilling in purchasing land under the act of 1802 had a contract with the Governmont ¡for the introduction of labour. It was alto- gether an assumption to say thutiho immigra- tion section of the Lend Act came undor the operation of the Audit Act. The Audit Act referred to sums granted for tho nuMJc servies in any year, while tho Immigration fund was the special appropriation of an unknown sum-asum tho amount of which could only bo ascertained two years after the sale of tho land, when, according to the Julinu of the Government, the voto would have lapsed. Ha emphatically denied the assortion that the money could not have been npent, as when tho Government found that the one set of regulations would not; absorb the fund, they bad perfect liberty to introduoo additional icrrnjafiopg, JJ wouhj bo a bad pwCiHlent ^veie Parliament to allow a special appro- priation to be dealt with m chis ona hid been ; and he must say that it was never la tended that the Treasurer should havj the .-power of robbing any particular vote, with the view of balancing his accounts. Ha ex- pressed his approvul of tho line of con- duct adopted by the Audit Commnsionura ; and remarked tbat the fact that the Go- vernment had acted upon a var bil opinion from tho law officers of tho Crown showed a -very loose way of conducting public affairs. Surely, in a matter of so much importance, a written opinion should have bseu givan. The Ministry was assuming powers which it was cleatly the duty of the Legislature to curtail. The amendment was put, and carried with- out a division. The remaining clauses were agreed to, and the bill was reported to the House. The 'report was then adopted, and the tbitd read- ing of the measure was appointed for the following day. ELECTORAL LAW CONSOLIDATION BILL This bill waa further proceeded with ia committee. The remaining clauses were adopted, and the report on the bill having 'been adopted, the third* reading was ap- pointed for the following day. CEMETERIES LAW AMENDMENT BILL This bill was considered in committee. The . clauses were adopted ; and it was. provided that the measure Bhould operato from two months of the date of its passing. The adop- tion of the report was appointed for tho following day. COMMON LAWS PROCEDURE LAWS CONSOLITATION BILL. This bill wes further considered in com- mittee. Mr. PELLOWS remarked that the measure was so bulky that he found he was unable to go thtough it. ne was aware that it con- tained many imperfections. As ho had already stated, tho 09th and the 441th clauses wore transcripts of ssctions of au old and a modern act which did not fit into each other ; and In another instance, he found sections tran- scribed which revived old laws already con- solidated In the Landlord and Tenants Act. The 'bill was passed through committee without amendment, and the bill having been reported, was read a third time aud passed. Tho Jlouse adj turned at thirteen minutes .to six o'clock. .LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TuEsnAV, ArRiL 4. The Speaker took tho chair at half paît four-o'clock. notices or MOTION. Mr. HOWARD gave notice that, on Thurs- day, ho would move a resolution in favour of the Government wharfs being transferred to trustees, with power to collect tolls on all goods passing over them : and declaring that that olfject would bo facilitated, and tha public convenience served by the Govern- ment exercising the right of resumption (under tho powers contained in the Crown grants of the same) of the sold lands kuown ne Cole's and 'R ileigh's wharf», according to the recommeudation of the îeport of tho Select Committee on Private Wnarfs. Mr. HARKER .gave notice that, on the fol- lowing day, he would move that on Friday the House resolve 'itself into committee, to consider the Governor's message in relation to compensation to members of Parlia- ment. Mr. VERDON gave notioa that, on Thurs- day, he would move that the nouse reçoive itself into committee, to consider a propos.il to borrow £500,000 for the supply ot the country distncts with water. Mr. ZEAL gave liotica that, on the follow ing day, ho would move for a copy of the lait complete return of works executed by Mesan». Colliir, Burry, and Co. on each section of their contract; and ft statement showing the samowoik priced out according to the sche- dules of the two next lowest tenderers. NOTICES OF QUESTIONS Mr. M'LELLAN gave notice that, on the following day,'ho would ask the Minister of Justice whether it was the intention of the Government to make any material altera- tions in the magisterial list, with tho view of omitting the names of gentlemen whose qualifications for the commission of the peace were doubtful. Mr. THOMSON gave notice that, next day, he would call the attention of the Aoting Commissioner of Roads and 'Bridges to the inconvenience to which the workmen em- ployed in the Jordan track wore bubjected in being paid by cheque instead of by cash ; and ask if he would pay them in cadi for the future. THE LATE BUSH FIRES Jil reply to Mr. Sands, Mr. M CULLOCH said bo could not appoint -any day foi the discussion of the motion in favour of voting a sum of money towards the relief of the sufferers by the late bush-fires. PAPER Mr. VERDON laid on the table, in com- pliance with an order of the House, a return showing the grants made to the Scotch College. PETITION. Mr. J. T. SMITH presented a petition froji thoiRev. J. Y. Wilson, incumbent of-St. Ste- phen's Church, Portland, and senior chaplain of-the Church of England In the colony of Victoria, praying the IIouso to take his caso into- consideration, as set forth in the petition ; and that in the event of any legislation affect- ing his pecuniary intorPBt, the House would give him such compensation as it thought just. THE NEW TARIFF Mr. 'BERRY asked the Chief Secretary to elvo 'information to the House as to tho course .which tho Government intended to adopt in'reference to the Tariff'Bill. An uneasy feeling (said the hon. member) pro vailed in'tho public mind that the Ministry had not finally determined upon the courso^of action which thoy indicated to tho House a fow weeks ago. The delay which had taken place in the matter, the comments madala tho public press, and tbe replies to rjuostions which had been asked in that House and in another place, seemed to give some encourage- ment to the rumour ; and although his confidence intho Government was not in any way shaken, he thought it desirable that thoy should take tho opportunity of makin;; some statement which would be reassuring and satisfactory to'the country. Mr. M'CUIJiÜCH was aware pi the Tu- mours which had been circulated in reference to the announcement made by the Govern- ment some time ago, of their intention to luck tbo tariff to the Appropriation Hil!. The Government, however, had not changed thoir views on the subject. It was their intention to send the tariff to tho Upper Houeo ,along with the Appro- priation Bill. lïe regretted that there had been so much delay in passing the Esti- mates, but very little -blame was attributable to'the Government. Tho fault lay with the illouse, which had occupied much valuable time in discussing questions of a trivial and uuitnportant natuie. Considering the peculiar position in which the country was at present placed, the House ought to have aided the Go- vernment in passing tbo Estimates as quickly ob possible, it was tho intention of the Go .vernmiiifc to go on with .thom night after nlght.untll they wurepassod. .Unfortunately, the EnBter recess waa approaching, and three weeks would bo lost; but the Government would do »vbat they could to get the Eitl mates through this week, if thoiïouae would BRsint them in rlntnrr cr. POST-OFFICE LAW AMENDMENT BILL. The House went into committee for tho further consideration of this bill, tuting it up on tho 18th clause, which provided that let- ters which required to bo re-directed should be charged with extra postage. Mr. CONNOR proposed that that portion of tho clause bo struck out. Mr. M'CULLOCII Eaid that a very large number of letters required to be re- dlrected, and tho extra postage was intended to cover the cost of the trouble and labour incuired thereby. No lees than 3,500 of the letters which arrived by tho last English mail re- quired to be re-dircotcd. After some remark« from Mr. L. L, Surra, Mr. Crewh, Mr. Orr, and other bon. mem- bers, against the provision, on tho ground that its operation would bo unjust, Mr. CONNOR withdrew bia amendment, on a ptomiBOgiven by Mr. Higinbothutn that the objectionable portion of the clause fhon Id b3 expunged. Tho clause was then postponed. The four following clauses wore adopted with little or no discussion. On the 23rd clause, providing that no latter or newspaper shall be dellvoreu to any perron not named in the addross thereof without tho consent or direction of the writer of the address, Mr. RICHARDSON Eaid that this provision prevsnterj Jettera addressed to a wife boluc delivered to hex husband, or vice versa. It was aslander upon the colony. (Liughter.) Mr. HIGINBOTHAM remarked, thit, though most married people lived upon sufficiently amicable terms to allow them to open each others letters, yet casca might arise in which such a provision as the claude con- templated might be necessary. Indeed an in . Btance of the kind had arisen. Mr. HARKER thought 'the provision would cause considerable inconvenience. The clause was then passed. On clause 24, authorising a poätma'tor to detain and forward to the General Post-office any letter containing gold, or suspected of containing obscene enclosures, or bearing an obscene address, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM remarked that the clause had been amended to permit of enclo- sures in newspapers to bo detected, "and a'so by adding the word " libellous" to " obscene." Mr. THOMSON complained that this clause would prevent any one from sending small articles of jewellery by post. Mr. M'CULLOOH asked why Buch articles Bbould not pay the duty on gold. Every facility would be given for tho transmission of duty paid articles of that kind. The clause B3 amended was then agreed to. On clause 35, respecting the delivery of ship mails inward?, Mr. BLACKWOOD wanted to know if the shipmasters who brought mails here were not to be remunerated for their trouble. This clause called upon them to p*y a hoivy penalty of £100 for rofusioR to deliver over such malle, and it was only fair that they should be paid for what they did. Mr. M'CULLOCH presumed that the lion, membtr would admit that the penalty was reasonable enough. If so, there was birdly reason for complaint. This colony paid for all iel tera eent hy ship away from this colony, and it was only fair that other colonies or countries should do tho same by us. The cluuso was then agreed to. On clause 37, requiring shipmasters to take mails with them on their outward bound or coastwise voyages, Mr. DANE asked if any arrangement had been made for a bi-monthly mail or not? Mr. M'CULLOCH, in reply, stated that two months ago a despatch from the Imperial Government was rtceived, informing this Government that, in 18G0, the present mail con ti act would cease, and asking if thiscoun tiy was prepared to continue its subsidy to tbo Peninsular und Oriental Company, and also to subsidize for a fortnightly mail. This Government replied that they were prepared to continue the subsidy for a monthly or fortnightly mail, but at the same time urged strongly on the Imperial Government the necessity of seeing that the rate should bj kept down to a much smaller amount than in past years, in consideration of the large amount of freight received by the mail steamers, which ho biticved had amounted to not less than £00,000 on gold in one year. Suth a fact ought to be a great inducement to other steam navigation companies to place lines of steamers on this route, providod'the Imperial Government made the cessation of the present mail contract sufficiently known. At the Eorae time, this Government wai asked if it watr prepared to take up any proportion of the subsidy which the other colonies might refuse to piy, and tho reply sent home was that in the event of the other colooies refusing to subsi- dise the line by that route, the Victorian Go- vernment was prepared to take up one-half on being allowed to make arrangements with the other colonies for payment for the benefits they received. Ho had intended to have brought down the despatch and reply to the House that night, but had inaivdrtently omitted to do so. The documents should bs laid before the House next day. Mr. DANE hoped the fact, that the interest on gold lying hero would causo a Baving of £120,000 n-year in the event of a fortnightly mail, would not b3 lost Bight of. Mr. raCHARDSON hoped that the coming competition of other routes would be borne in mind in dealing with the P. aad O. Company. Mr. M'CULLOCH believed that we should have to pay less for two maila than for one under the present system, His belief was that the 1'oint de Galle route was by far the best. Mr. BLACKWOOD did not seo why ship- masters should be called upon to carry news- papers for nothing, when the Government got Id. each. Sometimes these newspapers were tons in weight, and he knew of 110 boxes of newspaper.!1 going to New Zealand in one steamer, ne moved that Jd. bj paid for each newspaper so conveyed. Mr. M'CULLOCH leplled that it would be an unusual course to pay for newspapers. Tiro custom wob toEend them hy the regular mails, and therefore it was very few that woald havo to bo-carried in ordinary ships. Sjalng that by carrying newspapers aliipmaiters wero in fact spreading knowledge, and thivs thus enlarging the acquaintance of the world with thin port, nnd increaBiug their own trade, they should hardly raise any objection Mr. M'BAIN asked why the Government should get the money and tbo shipmaster nothing ? The amendment was put and negatived, and the clause agreed to. " On clause d6, which was the first dealing with the new post offico savioga banks, Mr. VALE expressed a belief that the amount of the deposits-seeing such large interest was given-should bo kept down to £250. Mr. M'CULLOCH pointed out that matters like this would bs provided for in the regula- tions. The clause was then aureed to. ?On clause 48, providing that in císcb whore a married woman had deposited money with- out giving notice of her being married, the postmaster should return all or a portion of the money to her or to her husband, at his discretion, Mr. BERRY observed that ho could not see "-why this should he a mattor of discussion. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM: said the condition wat. inseited to save the institution of legal proceedings at the aamo time against theJPotit mastor-Guneral by both husband and wife, and also to give him power to act In oases oí a legal separation of man and wife. Affer some remarks from Mr. Kerferd and Mr. IIiuiNBOTiiAir, Mr. BERRY remaiked that it appeared to bim that the powers which would bo given to the ¡Postmaster- General would override the law. If thnt was the case, why not make tho language of the clause absoluta? Mr. HIGINBOTHAM did not know that there would be any objection to adopt this course, except that it would be contrary to precedent. After some observations from Mr. Kebpekd and Mr. Obews, Mr. BROWN moved an'amendment, giving the Postmaster-General power to maka re- payments to married women uucondi tinnnllv. Mr. BINDON thought, if rights wero con- ferred on married women at all, they should not bo restricted by any condition* such as prescribed by the clause. Ile ehould there- fore voto for the amendment. Mr. KERFERD said that In some cases magistrates made ordeia to protect the earn- ings and property of married women, and if tho Poetmaster-Gentral exercised tho power given bim in tho clause he would be toting ia opposition to tho law. The question, " that the words proposed to be omitted stand part of tho clause," was then put, when there appeared : Ayes. ". 25 Noes.2-3 The following is the division list :- AYES. Mr. Casey Mr. Groove« Mr. Michie \- Cohen - Harbison - Orr \- Cram Ick - Ilnrhor - Smith, Q. V. \- Croua - Higlnuoltiitm - Smith, J. X. \- Davie» - Jonc« - Sullivan \- Fairbairn - Macgregor - Thomson \- Franc!» - Mason - Verdon \- Gillies - M'Culloah - Wardrop. \- Grant N0F.8. Mr. Ilciry Mr. Halfey Mr. Popo \- Blndon - Koifunl - Richardson \- Blackwood - Levi - Robinson j- Brown - Iioti'iinoro - Sand» \- Buttt - M'Baln - Smith, h. L. \- Campboll - M'Lollan - Tucker .- Carpenter - Moora - Valo \- Connor - O'Grady - Zeal. \- Cunniujrliain Tho CHAIRMAN said that, in accordance with custom, ho should give his voice with tho "ayes." The amendment was therefore negatived Mr, HIGINBOTHAM, to meet the sugges tton of tho hon. member for Beechworth, would insert words which would mike thu clause apply only to cases in which ne» order had been made for the protection of the wlfe's property. An amendment to tiri* effect wai theo adopted, and the clause as amended wa agreed to. On clause 49, which contained a provision empowering tho trustees of penny savings bar k-ä to lodge in the Post-office hanks ttw moneys which had been doposited with them, Mr. ORR raised the question as to whether or not all the penny saviags-banks should b3 compelled to close. It nppeared to him, and it had been confessed by the Attorney General on a previous occasion, that there was no legal guarantee tha1; the business of these instrtutioriB would ha carried on in a proper way ; and, although the public had every confidence in-the gentlemen who no* managed these institutions, changes might take place which would not be so satisfactory to the public. He, maintained, als j, that there waa no reason why two institutions of Buch a similar character should be in op»ra tion at the same time. He had been told that in Borne instances the preliminary expenses of starting tho penny bank* had been consider- able, and it was ttrgned that it would be unfair to close these institutions before they had had an opportunity of re- placing this outlay. The Government, how- ever, might undtrtake to pay all the prelim- inary expenses incurred in establishing these institutions, and be thought the sacrifice in the aggregate would be small. The bon. member proposed an amendment embody- ing his views. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM agreed with the bon. mombtr, that it would not be desirable to ex- tend the syBtetn of penny Sivings-banks, when the post-office saviogi- bauks had bsen once established ; and the clause under dis- cussion liad been introduced for tho ciprcss puipose of inducing tho trustees of tbo penny banks to lodge the moneys which had been derositcd with'them in the Post-office savings banks. He thought, however, that it would be inexpedient to make it compulsory upon the trustees of penny savings-banks to lodge the deposits in this manner, as many depo- sitors might prefer to get back their money at once. He thought H would bo better to leave the matter as it stood, and altor ti« system by fresh legislation if necessary. Mr. M'LELLAN considered tho amend- ment to be in the wrong direction. The persona who used the penny 6avings-b.iuks were children, wbo3e enthusiasm would abato and perhaps cease altogether unless they had the encouragement of the gentlemen who acted as trubteea to theîo institution*. The present s>stem was working well, and there was no reason why it should be changed. Mr. CREWS trusted the Government would not give way in the matter. It would be better to allow the new system to come into operation by degrees. Mr. HARKER supported the clause. Progress was then reported, leave being given to the committee to sit again next day. SUPPLY The resolutions agreed to in Committee of Supply, on Thursday, were reported and adopted. The House then resolved itself into Com- mittee of Supply. The following votes for salaries and wages were agreed to without opposition:-£1,305 for the museum ; £5,010 for the audit office. On the next vote, £3,083 12s. 6d. for salaries and wages for the Industrial Schools, Mr. BERRY remarked that this was a new vote, rendered necessary by the operation of the act passed last session for the establish- ment of industrial schools and reformatories. It appeared to be the commencement of a very expensive system. The item of £800 a year for the salary of the superintendent was most exorbitant, especially as the gentleman appointed to the office of superintendent had other sources of income, being connected with a private lunatic asylum at Cremorne, and also with the Immigrants' Home. Mr. M'CULLOCH admitted that the amount for salaries and wages for the Industrial Schools was a large one, and regretted that, in all probability, it would have to be considerably increased in future. Numbers of children were sent to the institution almost daily. At the commencement of the year, there were 600 children in the institution ; during the last-three months there had been an increase of 200; and, if the number con- tinued to increase at the present rate, there would be not less than 1300 children in the institution at the end of the yoar. It was to be regretted that so large a staff as the vote provided for was necessary, but he believed that it would be impossible to conduct the school efficiently with a smaller staff. The superintendent had only been temporarily appointed, as the Government did not think it desirable to make permanent appoint- ments until they had had some expe- rience of the working of the institution. The salary which it was proposed to give the superintendent was £600 per annum, with house, fuel, and water ; but as no house had yet been provided for bim, the extra £200 was given him in lieu thereof. He believed Mr. Harcourt to be an efficient man for the posi- tion of superintendent of the institution. (Mr. M'Lellan.-" No.") The reports of the visitors who inspected the school gave most satisfactory accounts of the way in which it was managed, especially considering that it was placed in a very disadvantageous posi- tion. Mr. Harcourt had no charge of the Immigrants' Home but he (Mr.M'Culloch) was aware that he had some connexion with a private lunatic asylum. At the time he was appointed Superintendent, he was dis- tinctly told that he must devote no time to the asylum ; and the rate which the Govern- ment intended shortly to adopt would pre- vent him devoting his timo to anything but the Government service. Mr. M'LELLAN stated that a report of the Commissioners of Lunacy in England severely censured Mr. Harcourt for his treatment of patients in that country; and he therefore considered him unfit to occupy the Posi- tion of superintendent of the Industrial School. The salary of the superintendent was enormous, especially as he had no pro- fessional or special qualifications for the post. There were schoolmasters in the colony pos- sessed of the highest qualifications who did not receive more than £250 per annum. Mr. VALE considered it preposterous to give the superintendent of the Industrial School £800 per annum, when the Governor of the Melbourne Gaol, an old public servant, and whose duties were far more onerous, only had £485. Mr. KERFERD susgosted that the item for the salary of the superintendent should be reduced to £600, and the £200 for house allowance placed under the head of contin- gencies. Mr. PANE considered the whole amount extravagant, and urged the Government to withdraw the vote until hon. members re- ceived full information as to the alleged cen- sure passed on Mr. Harcourt by the Lunacy Commissioners in England. Mr. G. V. SMITH thought £600 was quite sufficient for the salary of the superintendent. Referring to the remarks of the Chief Secre- tary as to the probability of there being 1,300 children in the institution at the end of the year, he suggested that branch in- dustrial schools should be established in the country districts, and asked if there was likely to be one in the Ovens distict? Mr. M'CULLOCH said it was the intention of -the Government to establish branch in- dustrial schools up country-probably in the Ovens, and other districts. Mr, GILLIES recommended the committeo to amend the item of £800, by stating upon the face of it that it included £200 for house and other allowances. Mr. GIRDLESTONE regarded tho salary proposed to bo given to the superintendent as very large, but he did not object to the amount so much as ho did to the superin- tendent following other occupations to in- crease his income. Mr. HARKER believed that, excepting the allowance of £200 for house-rent, the pro- posed calary would bo only the same this gentleman bad hitbeito received 88 the super- intendent of an establishment whose manage- ment reflected great credit on him. Such an amount was not too much to pay for satis | factory management. Mr. RAMSAY objected to a separate vate for rent, as it wbb absolutely necessary that tho superintendent should reside on the spot. Mr. M'CULLOCH eaid that it was impos- sible just now to próvido house accommoda- tion tor the superintendent. Ha reminded hon. numbers of this gentleman's qualifica- tions, which ho invitod them to test by visit- ing the establishment of which he had now the charge. Hon. members would then see how that was managed, and he could say himself, having bad some expsrience of this gentleman'd management, that the Govern- ment were justified In making this temporary appointa en f. Mr. BERRY moved the reduction of the vote to £600, including everything, which, ho contended, would ba regarded as good pay- ment by many able ana willing to porform the cervices. Mr, CREWS could not conceive of any duties which this gentleman would be called upon to perform that should demand so larga a salary. Mr. O'GRADY warned the House against false economy. Hon. members seemei to forget that Mr. Harcourt had occupied for years a position which proved him to be eminently the right man in the right place. He (Mr. O'Grady) questioned whether there was another man in the colony so competent for the office of superintendent. (" Oh, oh ;" and a laugh) Mr. CAMPBELL suggested the withdrawal of the vote. He did not think the qualifica- tions required were in exceBS of those to be found In any common school in the country. Mr. RICHARDSON would Bupport the amendment, loaving tbo individual concerned entirely out of the question. Mr. JONES reminded the House that the appointment was only temporary, and that hon. members seemed too much driven by personul considerations. Mr. M'LELLAN would, for the information of hon. members, read from the Tenth Report of the Commissioners in Lunacy, something of the previous qualifications of this gentleman on whom it was proposed to confer a salary of £800 per annum. Some few years ago he had a private lunatic asylum near Southam, in Warwickshire, named Harbury House, and the Commissioners reported that they found only three patients, all females, in the house : two were quiet and comfortable, but the third young lady was found in the kitchen in a dirty dress, and tied down to her chair with a rope. No satisfactory reasons for the restraint and seclusion were given in the medical journal ; and the place of seclusion appeared to have been a small place, without a window, near the stables, and which there was no means of warming. Here this poor young lady had to sleep up to the 6th December-the middle of wintor-till the magistrates ordered her removal. The Commissioners ordered her removal to another asylum, - where, under treatment suited to her case, she shortly recovered. In justice to Mr. Harcourt, however, he would read the appendix to the report, which stated that the previous entries relating to this house had not been of an unfavourable cha- racter, and that the evils alluded to must have arisen in consequence of the establish- ment, which was small, not possessing ade- quate means for the proper treatment of cases of that description. He thought, however, that a gentleman who had been guilty of such cruelty should not be allowed to have the management of a number of children. Mr. LEVEY considered the hon. member's remarks to be somewhat unfair, because the sting of the matter was removed bv the appedix, which completely explained the previous portions of the report. , Mr. CONNOR thought a salary of £600 per annum would be quito large enough for this officer. After some romorks from Mr. Cowell, tho committee divided on the amendment. Tho numbers were : Ayes.20 Nocb.25 Majority for the amendment... 1 The following is the division list: AYES. Mr. Berry Mr. Dano Mr. Richardson \- Brown - alrdlostona - Robinson \- Burtt - Grooves - Sarnia \- Campbell - Halfoy - Smith, O. V. \- Connor - Harbison - Smith, J. T. \- Copo - Longmore - Tucker \- Cowell - Mason - Va'o \- CrewR - M'Lellan - Zeal. \- Cunningham - Macpherson NOES. Mr. Bindo» Mr. Harker Mr. Michie \- Blackwood - Hlginbolliaui - Moore \- Carpenter - Jones - O'Grady \- Casey - Kerferd - Orr \- Cohen - Klnrr - Riddell \- Creswick - Levey - Sullivan J \- Fraud» - M'Baln - Verdon \- Gillies - M'CulIoch - Wardrop. \- Grant Mr. GIRDLESTONE would like to know what were the duties of the medical officer at £106, and whether be was to be a properly qualified practitioner or only an amateur doctor. Mr. M'CULLOCH said the officer in ques- tion would merely visit the establishment periodically, and would not be precluded from other practice. In answer to Mr. Dake, Mr. M'CULLOCH stated that there were at present about 800 children in the school, but it would be impossible for him to say how many the establishment would contain winn finished. He miqht state, however, that it was the intention of the Government to aboliíh the establishment at Princd's biidge altogether. Mr. DANE thought it would be well to have a permanent medical officer for such a large establishment. Mr. VERDON said the Government would be responsible for the management of this eBtublihhment, and if it was found necessary to appoint n resident medical officer, the House would ba asked to vote a sum of money for the purpose. Mr. LONGMORE objected to the low rate of wages (£1512*. per annum) proposed to be given to some of the wardsmeD. Mr. M'CULLOCH explained that the per- sons in question were inmates of the Immi- grants' Home, and would be very glad to periorm the duties of wardsmen at those salaries. In answer to Mr. Dane, Mr. VERDON eaid it was not the intention of the Government to appoint inspectors of industrial school;. The next vote was £5,900, for scab preven- tion, viz.:-For inspectors, Including travel- ling expenses-ono chief inspector, at £700, ten at £500, and one at £200. Mr. LONGMORE considered £700 waB a very high sum to pay to the chief inspector, and moved that it be reduced by £59. Mr. M'CULLOCH hoped tho House would not aEsent to the amendment. The duties of theee officers wero important, aud it was necessary that they should receive good sala- ries. They were put to great expense In con Eequence of having to travel so much about the-country ;.Bnd he would remind the House that the revenue collected by these officers amounted to something like £14,000 por nil Till m After remarks from Mr. Cokkob and Mr. Vai/E in support of tho amendment, Mr. LEVEY pointed out that the scab in- spectors had to travel over a large extent of territory : and, in addition to hotel expense?, were obliged to próvido themselves with horses. Mr. M'PnEBSON remarked that the ex- penditure would be necessary, even supposing the inspectors collected no revenue at all. After remarks from Mr. Brown, Mr. Sands Mr. M'Cullocb, Mr. G. V. Smith, and Mr Riddell, Mr. DANE remarked that in the Urquhart caso the person who was blamed for every- thing was the scab-inspector-a circumstance which scarcely agreed with the high cha- racter the Chief Secretary had given these officers. Again, if the inspectors had re- covered penalties, where did the amount appear in the revenue statement? Mr. VERDON said in the miscellaneous re- tint.. Mr. DANE complained that the Estimates were wholly unintelligible. Mr. Cheswich, Mr, Richardson, and Mr. Zeal opposed the amendment. The committee divided on the amendment for the reduction of the salary of the chief in- spector by £50 per annum, whon there ap- peared Ayes.10 Noes.di Majority againBt the amendment 31 Tho following is the division-list : AYES. Hr.IBrowu Mr. Dana \- Connor - Ilalfoy \- Crews - Harbison \- Cunningham - Longmore NOES. Mr. Sands \- Vale. Mr. Berry \- Bindo« \- Blackwood \- llurlt \- Campbell \- Carpenter -. Casey \- Coben \- Copo \- Crckwlik \- Davies \- Francis \- Gillies \- Girdlestone Mr, Grant \- Grooves \- Harker Mr. Michie \- O'Grady \- Orr \- Jonos - Robinson \- Kerferd - Smith, G. V. \- King - Smith, J. T. \- Kyto - Smllli, L. L. \- Levoy - Stdllvau \- Mason - Verdon. \- M'Bain - Wardrop \- M'Culloch - Zoal. \- M'LoIIan Mr. VALE movod that the salaries of the other inspectors be reduced by £50 each. After some remarks from Mr. Dase and Mr L. L. Smith, the amendment was negatived and tho vote was agreed to. Mr. VERDON moved that tho sum of £150,100 be granted for contingencies in the Chief Secretary's department. Mr. L. L. SMITH objected ta tliHsum belog taken in piolo. The tltpii tinenta should ba token tmatim. Mr. VERDON reminded the com mitte.) that the vote was taken last year in g'.obo. Mr. LEVEY thought it was a proper time to ask the Chief Secretary whether something could not be done to improve the ventilation of the House? Matters were worse than ever during the present session. Mr. KYTE took the same opportunity to draw attention to the dirty, greasy state of the Beatp, which was enough to spoil go-*i coats if hon. members came in them. One reason for the Government tticking a3 long to their places as they did was to ha found in the preEent state of the b nches opposite them. Mr. M'CULLOCH agreed with the nec3S slty of something being done to improve the ventilation of the chamber ; but he pointed out that tbc uiatt-r lay in the hands of tho Parliamentary Buildings Committee. Mr. CREWS Btated that a meeting of the committee was to be held the following day, end ho would promise that the question should then be considered. In «ply to Mr. M Lellut, Mr.HIGINBOTHAMsiidtheservic3Softho Parliamentary draftsman, for whose rdmunora tion £8C0 was proposed, would bB available for private members introducing bill». No selec- tion of a gentleman to fill the office had yet been made. The Government had not consi- dered the question whether the draftsman should have offices in the Parliamentary buildings, or should have a privato offici in town. It would probibly bs found conve- nient that he shouli have an office in the Houm\ at all events during business hours, The draftsman would be required to give up the whole of his time, or such pirt of it as might be necessary to prepare btlUf ir private member?, and to assist the Government ia the same way. Mr. HOWARD had undoratoad the Attor noy-General to state the previous Eession that the Government would send to England for a professional gentleman to fill this office ; but a rumour was now current that a gentleman connected with the colonial press was to re- ceive the appointment. He wai inclined to believe that rumour, from the extraordinary efforts the perton in question had made lately to fasten himEelf upon the members of the Houee-efforts which, nodoubt, would render it necessary to do .something to get rid of him. The Government organ had'lately shown it Eelf nn " honour " to the press, and a " credit " to the Ministry. Mr. GRANT roso to order. Mr HOWARD presumed a little latitudo had been allowed lo members The A'tjr ney-Geneial said the appointment was not filled up, and he rnerAv advised the Govern- ment to be very guarded in appointing an in- dividual or a myth connected with the jour nal which had lately tilcen buch a very free course- such » " Mickey Free" course-with public men. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM Hald that the hon. member for Sandhurst's statements wera alto- gether enonenu?. He (Mr. niglnbotham) did not say last session that it was the intention of tho Government to Rend to England for a diafisman, but he bslieved there were gentle- men in the calony perfectly competent to fill the office, and willing to accept it for the salary proposed. With respect to tho rumour to which reference had been made, he cdu.11 only express his Burprise that tho hon. member for Sandhurst should bavo re- peated the tittle-tattle which he had heard in the streets. It wob an unfounded rumour, without a particle of truth in it. Mr. MICHIE repudiated the insinuation which the bon. member for Sandhurst had made against him. Hh had no connexion with any journal, and if ho wished to make remarks upon any member of the House, he did so openly, and not in the furtive fashion which the member for Sandhurst seemed to think him capablo of. Mr. DANE submitted that if the Govern- ment had no connexion with the papar re- ferred to, they ought to stand up and say so. Mr. VERDON said the only answer which could be given was a distinct negative. The Government had nothing to do with any nowspaper in the colony except the Govern- ment Gaieite. (A laupb.) He supposed the committco would beluve that statement, publicly made ? (Mr. Carpenter.-" No.") The membor for Castlemaine had imputed a falsehood to bim, mid that was an insult to which he would not submit. Other members might do so, but he would not permit such an insult to be offered to him either there or anywhere. He called upon the Chairmau to demand that the hon. member should with- draw the insult. Mr. CARPEN TER.-1 withdraw it with great pleasure. Mr. M'CULLOCH sail that the lion, mem- ber ought to apologise in the usual way. Mr. CARPENTER stated that ho had great pleasure in withdrawing the remark which he mode. The CHAIRMAN said the expression hav- ing been withdrawn, he would remind hon. members that the discussion was altogether out of order. Mr. KYTE proceeded to make some ob Eervatlons as to the rumour relative to the appointment of draftsman, and was called to order twice or thtico by tho Chairman, but still continued to allude to the subject. Mr. GILLIES called upon tbo Chairman to enforce his ruling. The CHAIRVIAN said ho had no power to do so. The only mode waB to report tho bon. member to the House, and that tested with the committee itself. Mr. E.YTE would bow to tho rulins of tho Chair. Ho only wished to explain that he had no objection to anybody being drafts- man, if he had ability to fill tile office. In reply to Mr. L. L. Smith, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said the duties of the draftsman wera not yet strictly defined, and probably they would be brought under the notice of tho House when the appointment was made. It might bs desirable to decide Hat the draftsman should only assist private members in drafting bills which had bsen read a first time. In that case it would be necessary for the House to exercise more circnmEpection as to the reading of bills a first time than it now did. Mr. LONGMORE moved that the subdivi- sion relating to tho refreshment rooms, amounting to £950, should be struck out. lie could get food much cheaper elsewhere, and he thought it would bj uo loss to the House if the refreshment rooms were done away with. (Oh, oh.) It was in tho refresh- ment-rooms that all the rows occurred, which were a d ii gi ace to the Ilouje. Mr. L. L. SMITH sold the hotelkoepere could provide refreshments cheaper than they could be obtained at the Parliamentary re freBhmcnt-room?, because they got paid cish down ; but that was not the case with tho con- tractor for the refreshment rooms. He consi- dered that the refreshment-rooms were of great utility, because one-third of tho legisla- tion was carried on there. (Laughter ) Many acrimonious disputes were amicably Bottlud in the refreshment rooms ; and members who left the nous« in an irritable mood often re- turned with sweet tempers after visiting the refrtshme nt-rooms. Mr. HOWARD, a3 a member of the Re- freshment-rooms Committee, was in a posi- tion to Btato that the bon. member for South Bourke was wrong in asserting that the caterer did tot got paid for the refreshments wbich be supplied. He bad heard no such complaints, and he could state that no ac- counts wero duo from lion, members to the keeper of tho refreshment-rooms. The hon. member for Ripon and Hampden had stated thut bo could procure refreshments cheaper outside ; and no doubt that was the case, as the botelkcepera had their bar trade and other sources to depend upon for their profits. The hon. member could even obtain, froe lunches, but that was no reason why the re- freshment- rooms contractor should reduci his charges. The chargée, however, "were not fixed by the contractor, but by the joint com- mittee of the two Houses. The refreshment rooms were of great utility, inasmuch as on many occasions members had not time to go beyond the walls of the House for refresh- ments. Mr. ZEAL protested against wasting time by a ditcussion of these items. Mr. VALE desired that the opposition to the vote should be regarded as evidence of the feeling that the management of the roiresh ment-rcom was faulty. Mr. LONGMORE threw back with scorn the suggestion that he availed himself of the opportunity of getting freo lunches. Mr. COHEN said it was impossible to got refreshments of an equal kind ia any other place in town for less money. i Mr. HOWARD siid if the charges were reduced tke allowance to tho caterer must be increased. Mr. VALE thought perhaps opening the ofiico to tender might mend the nutter. Ha believed that in the best clubs in London a man could get his chop for Gd. Mr. KERFERD remarked that the charges 1n tthe refreshment-room were not «*B than tthose at the Cafó de Paris. t| Mr. KïNG thought the House wail paying sulhViIètit respect to the Refresh J rooms CommitAtçe. The Café de Paris it jE be remembered, hmd the advantage of a M connexion. -N jj Mr. XEJEY believecT the dignity of S Hoirse suffered m debites ol^thid kind, Mr. RAMSAY thought'Hie' eibarga. rally were reasonable, but Is. 01. linrt-i a slice of bread and batter was euonuiatjj Mr. M'LELLAN regarded the «¡w exceedingly moderate, when quality wa¡« sidered. He suggested that it would b3,, economical if the Government p-iid iir.' Mrs. Gregory a salary, and provided thV freshment themselves. Mr. SANDS moved thatjjj/ógress h>$ ported. Bl E This motion was negatirCj; as al-to waifl amendment-proposed by ïSTLongcnori In reply to Captain Dane, Mr. M'CULLOCH promised to furnliai formation as to the number of horses ini police force. In reply to Mr. M'Lellan, Mr. M'CULLOCH said that if any ofJ waB guilty of hiring out Government inn he would be discharged the fotoit. Mr. HOWARD complained that the tx>! horses were dtpieelated in value by thai sightly crown brand on the cheek. Mr. L. L. SMITH drew attention to 1 item of medical attendance, autt to tlnfi that the police complained of bjing restrict to cne dccior-Dr. Ford-when they olí wish to consult another. In the eise o'm ried men it was inconvenientthat they elie, in sickness be separated from their tth He had abo been given to understand ti one-half of the men's pay was forle-ito.1 duri Richness, and that the money so lost wirri the medlo»! gentleman who attended th» He bud further been infotmed that, thurn)! ciL.cs wero dispensid by a sergeant of pole instead of by a properly qualified person. Mr. VERDON promised to inquire Intofi natter. h'r. DANE moved that the item of £i allowance to visiting justice of the penaH pnilmcnf, be struck out. There wdrofe . magistrates In Mtlbonrne who reciived fí lies of £600 or £700 per annum, and t work could bo very well performed by then Mr. M'CULLOCH said it was nece-naiyi have a visiting justice for this departme; Dr. Youl was the officer in question, and ¡ gave general satisfaction. Mr. L L. SMITH remarked that a ihitii juttico was a very necessary officer, as I FUpi-rvifion prevented the officials of then ^ from abusing the authority they possessii Mr. VERDON said the bon. member ii Warrnambool had overlooked the fact thatil appointment of visiting justico hal bit made in accordance with an act of Pjrlii nii-ti t, in which the duties of that oliicer we defined. With reference to tho four mar fiâtes who had been alluded to, ho tnlf EtatothatMr. Panton was now on duty 1 the!country, ond Mr. Templeton had to tL so many districts tbat his services could ni be relied on. This left only two magistral -Mr. Sturt and Mr. Hackett- whoso ord . nary duties were quite sufficient to cmplc the whole of their time. In reply to Mr. L. L. P.mith, who con plained that the fees to tho official visitorji the Lunatic ABjlum (£250) were ngt/jat] clent, . ;mi. ' ' Mr. M'CULLOCH said he did not se,.;,ii, these gentlemen were remunerated a should b?, and it was bis intention to a I colleague, the Treasurer, to bring dQwa ; plemcn'ary estimate for tho purpose ? creaeing tho vote. In answer to a question put by Mr. , who objected to the allowance of £. annum tor house rout beiog paid to the lian of the Public Library during his a from the colony, Mr.VERDON said that, nlthough thf in question was on leave of absence, !.. employing the greater portion of his t the Continent in furthering theinteri the institution, and he had already si.. several lots of valuable books. In reply to Mr. M'Lellan-, Mr. VERDON said that no person hn state had auy claim to the articles doitó t in the museum. With reference to the oU*f of site, bo had received a letter from Práíoth M'Coyl expressing a hope that the vtftlW/, contlngtncies might not be wlthdrawn.Sitei should be happy under any clrcumstan... assist in carrying out the plan of a ntftou museum. Mr. L. L. SMITH complained of th{rl of supervision in the induslrlal schoc1 case had cometo his knowledge in whit, boy had escaped from the establishment, the condition in which he was found vv . disgrace to the country. Mr. VERDON promised to cause inq'ui to be made into tho matter. The vote was then agreed to. The sum of £7,000 was next voted fort' aborigines to meet all expenses for salaria of guardian and teachers, rations, clothio stores, medical attendance, &c.; On the vote of £0,000- for electoral - peuEes, Mr. M'LELLAN asked what these exp. were ? He had understood that the Go, . ment had been paying registrars to rid horseback from station to station, in* pi* . where there were few inhabitants, in or.lc, .j pet people to register themselves. '". Verdon -" No.") Notwithstanding tho a».« tien of the Treasuror, what he had stated wa a fact; and he contended that such a thing was never contemplated by the Electoral Acf, Mr. M'CULLOCH said the registrars ra tin- cases referred to had paid their expenses oji of their own pockets- they had not beeri piii by the Government. Mr. CAMPBELL was prepared to supv the statement made by the bon. morah; Ararat. In the district he represented, su notions of the kiud referred to had foiwardcd to tho registrars : and he had a document from the Chief Sïcretary'a « signed by tho Under Secretary, which siructed iho registrars to go froni'statii« station ; and contained the statement they were to be paid £1 per diem for work. Mr. M'CULLOCH.-Did the bon, men see the instructions? Mr. CAMPBELL.-I did. Mr. M'CULLOCn affirmed that no do meut had been issued from the Chief See tury's office authorising personä to Bpc money in any such way. Every fac'.lHy w given, previous to the lust general election, - persons who wished to have thtir man placed on the roll ; but no b ti eh instructlo as brid been mentioned wero ever Usued fr ¡. the Chief Secretary's office. -. Mr. CAMPBELL Baid the Chief Secretor. must be labouring under some straugi m<¡ take ; for he (Mr. Campbell) had see decununt, and would undertake to duco it. j Mr. M'LELLAN explained, that he not said the document in question ai- med the Kgietrars to go fiom-statio ? Station, but that their instruction« au. rlssed them to visit certain p!ac¿s, a i > receivo £1 per day for doing fo. It > not be in order to allude to matters! wero now under the consideration of a . committte, or else ho could give some m uti on which would op.n the eyes n Cloven.nient as to the conduct of some c> registrars. Mr. ORR thought the bon, meath" Armât bad exaggerated the faots of th-j t lu one instance he knew that an applied, made to the Chief Secretary'sdepartmct. peimission to visit from station to station distkctly refused. Mr. G. V. SMITH Fttid the fact was thii* document alluded to by tho hon. me-1 for Ararat was properly worded and pro drawn np, but an extravagant ann warrantable liberty had been taken w.* hy tho registrars. The registrars wera ' blamed, not the departmmt. The vote wai agreed to. Mr. VERDON said that ho would not n the educational vote that evening, as a 1«. fiom the Boatd of Education, setting . the detailed cost of tbo education givec, now being printed. He proposed tha*.r sum of £17,300 ha voted fur «ranti, uaoKifí. . Board of Agriculture, £0.000; purchaíffV* hooks for mechanics' InstituteB or ü'v libraries in country districts, £3,000 ; >u Acclimatisation Society, on cmdilion an amount equal to one half of tin grr raised by private contribution, £3,050; to"" industrial and reformatory sehn il« support by private contributions, £3,000 ; ti the H'1 (icultural Society (iu consideration of damn done by the floods), £250 ; toward« a nation gallery, £1,000; commissions of iuiiu'r £1.0C0. lu reidy to Mr. Vale, Mr. VEBDON said that, with a view ? facilitate the distribution of the vote f<> t iLcii.auics'inttitutep, the divisionwjili . W&~ fnr~th!8 year on tho bails/of the sub Wtt\,n» -S.C., for the year IWtf. Kir I ON ES urged thec>fainis of the Bil *5aïreeLibrary and >5ther similar iastitu fnta on tho consideration of tho Govera Ift RICHARDSON risked what spjcial fm the Hnnticultnral Society had upon îGoverriîmeut more than many country »t.^VÈKDON said the society would ba fch'ed by tho damage dono to its grounds by ¡late floods, if it were not assisted to thU ¡eat. The society bad received very little Manco from the state, and it performed (íes such as cttltiviting and distributing ¡It trees, wcik* the Botanical gardens could tundeit'ikff J ha vote was qfl-ipted, as were the follow ¡j-£200 rcwllte for apprehension of enders; JG1C0 for exrensea of Bnrd of aminers under tho Civil Service Act. The following votes were a^reod to for tries and wages in the Attorney- General's »artment:-Their honours the jud;»ô3' bciatcp, £1,200; law oflicers of the Crown, §18 G>. 8d. ; Crown solicitor. £3,12t 131. j; prothOTiotary. £3,101 13s. ah; mvätar in »ty, £1,1)78 63.81.; chief commissioner of lohentchtates, £2,783. Ilr. VERDON withdrowtbe item "Orovu icitor, £1,0C0," at the request of (he Attor j-Gcneral, who contemplated proposing an iteration in the vote. S5n tho vote for the commissionsr of tito, $17Suí. 8.1., mt. DANE asked how it was that the com ¡pionrr of titles rccaived £2 030 P3r annum Mlle the chief commissioner of insolvent Sites only obtained £1,200. He understood jp the first named officer would bo contant Hh a much lower saUry, if the item were anoved from tho annual vote of the Houso per these circumstances, what reason was gre tbat tho appointment should not be ildea permanent one? air.HIGINBOTHAM said the House had Iedly fixed thosalary of the commission3r les at £2,000, and had advisedly left the to be annually dealt with. He thought the chief commissioner of insolvent oa was inadequately paid. . RICHARDSON referred to a current t, that tho lay clamoat waa balcg ellmi I from this department. . IIIG1NBOTHAM said the ramour was ally correct. It was found that profe3 mm! management was required. The facfr, It the commissioner of titles was a pro felon ni man, placed the lay element in a Jordinate position, while tho recent attard- as in the law had considerably weakened I However, no departmental changes in the me directifin were propasad. Mr. VALE directed ;tbo Attorney-General's tjintion to a statement contained ina para aph in a newspaper published at Wood's iint, to the effect that the clerks in the mmissioner of titles' office were allowed to »ive feco from persons in order to expedito e transactions in which they were in ta- it ed. IMr. HIGINBOTIIAM said the rumours to foich tbo hon. membc-r referred had ob lined extensive currency. The practice of ¡ving fees to clerks to expedite business was 6t justified by the rules of the department, 8d auy officer proved to have received ex pa jtlon fees, would be instantly dismissed, ia}, mm cover, would bo liable to be tried for Ibizzlemenr. From inquiries which he had ade ." -''believed that there was foundation i*. oure. One solicitor had stated that s gratuity of 10s. to one of the officors t^.-iJ 'epartment, but be declined to disclose ¡(?ii üeer'ß name ; and another solicitor bal Vj^atilmt be himsolfhad paid fees on seve- re tosióos, but ho oleo declined to state j i -;i ved the monoy. He was surprised that ij'jAyoDftl gentlemen bhould spread infor |i, '(injurious to the department, and not II <;pp courage and manliness to support f> i "tftrges. Ho could not make any inves r i unless he had information to show j i ,," whom the investigation ought to bj jï ^Vhile referring to this -subject, ho «'¡unireot attention to a paper, which fc iJHtd lay on the table, showing the jT sr °* business which hod taken place j1"' ^'commissioner of titles' department i ñ the past year. In 1803, there were I i pplicationB for titles under the iwtJuoperty Act, and in 1801 therj were >l '. 1863, the fees received for hearhag were d in 18G1 they were £tf5B. The value iropf-rty brought under the act was in 1803, and in 1864 it was £115,271. ;, the total fees received were £2,119, $ aii.<18Ga they amounted to £6,701. The liflpl.iiit also gave instructions by which any ;tr j, without professional assistance, might jV^is property under the Real Property Si ¿it all events in cases of simple p. j. t "Great misapprehenEioa existed as ['¡¡¿"fees charged for bringing property te xthe act. The whole of the teo3 for in p Ration on the hearing of an application it an fed to £2 10j. Of ourse, where the P-11'involved a protracted investigation ps. charges had to be made by the depirt Uit. There was also the charge for adver Ë(,-whtoh would be considerably reduo.d fj])ill to amend the Rial Property Act, itptopo3ed to render it unnecessary to IveitHe in the Government Gazette, as wall as ¡{hu .ordinary journals. The contribution f4<V insurance fand was only ¿d. in the it t!, and the certificate of title cost, is,bad tho case of a simple title, therefore, It îïùwge for bringing property under the ilia oi nominal, compared with the co3t of ¡saatigating a title through a solicitor's i ic-Jii-t !i 5S/- Borne remarks from Mr. Howard, Mr. . AKawor, Mr. Tvokeb, and Mr. Dane, tho i >ta wa» agreed to. ? The following votes were also agreed I £-£12,115 for bheriffa' salaries, and £23,030 IntlngencleB in the Attorney General's de , »Jment. piccgreEs waa then reported, and leave given i iRij again next day. ¡¡The remaining business havin? been post- ineo, tho nouse adjourned at five minutes pnqcgjve o'ciogt tin. four o'clock on the äl'Ütibg (this) dav. _ ¡-?ii ,i . i 