ADELAIDE. Thursday evening. The Annual Cattle Show took place to-day, and was very successful, there being a large attendance of the public. It is reported that Mr. R. R. Torrens intends re- turning to the colony. The English mail brings news of the death of Y. W. Earl, assistant-councillor and police-magistrate at Penang. The Government Resident and party at Camden Harbeur are te be removed without delay to Tien- tsin, near Nichol Bay. Wheat is getting scarce, and very little offering ; buyers offer 8s. 10d., but sellers ask an advance. No alteration in flour. ARRIVED.—City of Adelaide, seventy-two days from Plymouth ; Cassina, Contest, Elizabeth and Fanny, from Newcastle ; Emily Smith, from Batavia and Singapore ; Southern Cross, from Sydney. A NEW TALE.—We have to inform our readers that in the next issue a tale of domestic interest will be commenced. CLEARING THE MURRUMBIDGEE.—The Wagga Wagga Express has been informed "that the proprietor of the Nangus steamer has sent in an offer to the Government to effectually clear the river from Gundagai to Wagga Wagga for a certain sum, and as the navigation of our principal rivers as far inland as possible is calculated to very ma- terially assist in promoting the general progress and prosperity of the country, we hope the Government will give the proposition favourable consideration. But whether Mr. Jenkins's offer be accepted or rejected, the expenditure of moderate sums of money by the Government in the clear- ance of rivers of the Murrumbidgee class, under proper supervision, would be an expenditure in the right direction, inasmuch as the liability to loss by snagging would thereby be greatly lessened, and a fresh impetus given to river trade ; we therefore trust that any reasonable proposition for the clearing of the Upper Murrumbidgee will be received by the Government." ROYAL SYDNEY YACHT SQUADRON.—The usual club meeting was held at the club rooms on Thursday afternoon. Several new members were elected, and others proposed for election at the next monthly meeting. We learn that the annual club ball is fixed for Thursday, the 26th instant, to take place at the Sydney Exchange. WRIT OF ELECTION.—A writ has been issued by the Speaker — and the following arrangements made for the election of a member to serve in the present Legis- lative Assembly of New South Wales, for the electoral district of West Sydney, in room of the Honorable John Robertson, resigned :—Place of nomination, Wynyard- square ; date of writ, 11th October, 1865 ; date of nomina- tion, 18th October, 1865 ; polling day, 20th October, 1865 ; return of writ, 24th October, 1860. APPRAISEMENT OF RUNS IN THE MURRUMBIDGEE DISTRICT.—We learn that Mr. Augustus Morris's station, Tala, Murrumbidgee District, which paid annually £437 10s. rent and assessment, has been appraised by Mr. Campbell, acting as sole appraiser, at £1150. This is equal to 6d. a sheep on its natural depasturing capabilities, or at the rate of 1d. per acre. It is believed that this appraise- ment may be taken as a fair indication ot the rate of the appraisements which were going on yesterday at Deniliquin. ARMSTRONG GUN DRILL.—A course of instruction in the use of a 40-pounder Armstrong field-gun was com- menced, on Thursday, at the Volunteer Office, Hyde Park. We believe that a number of Volunteer riflemen have expressed a desire to receive instruction in this important portion of a soldier's duties, which will be of very great value to them, and it may be to the country hereafter. At present there is only one field Armstrong in the colony ; so that only a single squad can be formed at a time. The clearness, however, with which the instructor from the Royal Artillery explains the principle of working the gun will, if due attention be given to him, soon lead to the formation of a body of men sufficiently well up in artillery science to give valuable aid to their Volunteer brethren of that arm of the service. The first squad is composed of Captains Raymond, Harbottle. and Baynes ; Lieutenants Brewer, Chatfield, Wells, and Hunt ; Colour- sergeants Strong and Cranna ; and Sergeant-major Lees. These Volunteers who are desirous of going through this course must make up their minds to punctuality of attend- ance, as each of the drills are so connected with the other that all must be attended to become perfect. RIFLE AND CARBINE PRACTICE.—The volunteers both in town and country are now practising vigorously for se lection to represent their respective companies at the ap proaching annual rifle meeting at Randwick, the propor tion of men allowed to compete in the matches by the Rifle Association being one man in seven of the entire strength of the company in the first match, and one in ten in the second. A new feature in the forthcoming meeting will be the competition with the carbines issued to the Volunteer Artillery and Naval Brigade. A CASE FOR SYMPATHY.—In another part of this issue we give a report of a fire at Pyrmont, caused by lightning. The owner of the building was Mr. Richard Puckeridge. He is, we understand, a respectable hardworking brickmaker, and has a large family. In consequence of the late catas- trophe, he is reduced from circumstances of comfort to absolute destitution, his premises being entirely destroyed by fire. Tbe property which was accumulated by the hard labour of Mr. Puckeridge was estimated at between £200 and £300, and the whole was consumed in the space of about half-an-hour. CORONER'S INQUEST.—On Thursday the City Coroner held an inquest at the Bricklayers' Arms, Newtown, con- cerning the death of George Risby, which occurred on Wednesday. Deceased was about three years old, and his parents keep a store at Newtown. The evidence showed that the child was playing in the yard at 11 o'clock on Wednesday morning, and that he was missed by his mother about an hour afterwards. Diligent search was made for the child, but he was nowhere to be found until 1 o'clock, when the body of diseased was discovered by his father in a cesspool near the yard. The place was constructed in the ordinary way, and was not supposed to be dangerous. No one saw the poor child fall into the pit, but there can be no doubt that his death was the result of accident. Verdict : "Deceased died from suffocation by falling into the cess- pool of a privy accidentally." . Attempted Prison-breaking at Bathurst.— The Australian Nation of Tuesday says : — Last Saturday fore noon a most determined attempt was made by a number of convicted felons and others to break through the outer wall of Bathurst gaal and hence to effect their escape. The part of the wail selected was close to the plaoe where eome con victs had succeeded in malHng- & hole and escaping nearly two years since. The attempt on Saturday . was very similar to the successful one made in the previous oase, a number of prisoners covered the men who were working out the bricks, bo that they should not be seen bv the warder on duty. They had so for succeeded that in a few seconds had they not been observed by the warder they would have effected their puipose ; but a timely alarm was raised, the governor mustered the warders, and the prisoners were con signed to the oells, and many of them pat in irons. Shortly after the men were in irons Dr. Palmer, with senior sergeant Waters and three constables, were on the spot. As the magisterial enquiry has not yet been held we refrain from publishing any further particulars of the attempted out break, which was eo nearly successful that the inner bricks of tbe wall had been removed before the alarm was raised. llieee repeated attempts at prison-breaking by convicts re quires the serious consideration of the authorities, and although we should be sorry to find the triangle resorted to, we feelassured that unless some severe examples are made, very serious consequences are likely to follow.— The Bathurst Times adds : — To prevent the recurrence of these attempts, it is intended to have a low fence erected all along the yard, three feet from the wall ; and if a prisoner at anv time shall be found between the fence and the wall he will be liable to be shot. The Rust.— Tbe Ulmana correspondent of the Clarence and Richmond Examiner regrets having to record the ap Canceof the rust, in the wheat crops, in that parish. It not yet shown itself to any very great extent, but quite sufficient to cause great nnnarinnw to our farmers, especially .as we have it on reliable authority, that the wheat both down and up the river is in some places completely destroyed. A Cube for tee ^pkis and Orange Blight.— A Comer at Olmarra, named Taylor, who has made a large quantity of arrowroot this year, was led by observing the glutinous and apparently poisonous qualities of the water in which the arrowroot had been ground, to by its effects on some cabbage plants, affected by the aphis, and orange trees that had the blight, and in both cases it was com pletely guoceeefal, in freeing the plants from the Insects, a single application only being neoessaiy. If this is proved on farther trial a certain cure for those peats, it will indeed be a valuable discovery, as every gardener oould grow a few bulbs, snd prepare the liquid himself, quite free of expense. — Clarence ana Richmond Examiner. Death prom Animal Poibon. — A person of the name of James Seaman, residing near Carooar, died a few days ago from the effects of a sting, or through getting eome poisonous matter into hiB system. A day before he was taken ill one of the unfortunate man's horns died, and he had been examining it. Shortly afterwards his cheek com menced to swell and became very painful, when he came and consulted Dr. Rowland, who did everything that he could for him, but foiled to check the swelling and pain, both of which continued to increase for several days, when death put an end to his suffering. — Twnut Times. * Desecrating the Sabbath. — The Tumut Times states that en Friday last, Peter Kelly, a former residing at Bombolee, was brought up by the police, charged with desecrating the Sabbath, to wit, by firing off a gun, con trary to me Act. The defendant pleaded guilty, and in ex tenuation stated, that on the occasion referred to his crop of com was attacked by a number of 'possums,, and he had recourse to the gun as his only remedy against their ravages. Their worships (the Police Magistrate and Mr. H. Hayes, J.P.), in inflicting the lowest penalty for the offence, could not help remarking on the apparent hardness of the case, but they were there to uphold the law, and, however painful it was to them to inflict a fine on a man who was merely protecting his crop, still they had no alternative, and defendant was fined £2, with 4s. 6d. costs. The Wheat Crops in the Singleton District. — The Singleton correspondent ef the Maitland iftrcury says :— The timely nun with which we were favoured last Monday week has been very beneficial^ the wheat orops in this district ; and from all quarters we^eam that the orops continue to look well. As the time occupied with sowing the wheat in this district this season was rather consider able, so the harvest will also most likely extend over a more lengthy period than usual, provided the later crops are visited with some more rain before long. Many of our farmers who have planted the early varieties at an early period expect to be able to commence reaping in about a fortnight; the wheat, having been in ear for the last week or two, is now filling well since the late rain, and some is already assuming that glorions golden hue whioh has of late years been so eeldom presented to us. It is these early crops which now stand the oest chance of suoeess, for even should the dry weather continue for a few weeks longer, the only damage that oould be occasioned would be that the grain might be slightly pinched by the hot winds. For thelater crop mote ran Is wanted ; aad from the changeable aspect ofthe weather for the last day or two we have every reason to hope that we will be favoured with more rain before long. Some of our turners whs have sewn rather large breadths of land with the early varieties expect to be able to house pretty fair crops. We know one former who fully antici pates a crop of nearly 2000 bushels, several others 1000 buehels each, and others less quantities, although, as we stated on a previous occasion, the quantity of land cropped with wheat this season in the Singleton distriot is consider ably smaller we have noticed for some years past. Fuhtheb Fall op Rain. — Another break in the drought, end a most benefioial foil of rain, ooourred here on Sunday night last. Abeut midnight a very light drizzling rain set in, which continued all ni^ht, and throughout the whole of Monday, but increased in volume considerably in die afternoon. The beneficial effects of this opportune rain foil can hardly be overrated ; it will do incalculable service to all descriptions of crops, as well as supply, to a oertain extent feed for the famishing sheep ana cattle en the plains. We bear that the rainfall extended a considerable distance down the river. On Tuesday it again cleared up, and remained fine sinoe ; but from appearanoes, we should say that another shower is close at hand. This season has been a remarkable one in many respects, and in none more than in the intensity of the frosts. Although the hot weather has permanently set in, we are still visited by frosts, a veiy heavy one, for this season of the year, | having fallen tan Tuesday night last, which has done some damsge to the more advanced potato crops, and destroyed tbe early buris on the vines. Pumpkins, melons, and other similar vegetables, have suffered tn Mffi manner.— TVim- uvrlh £immr, Octobit 1, WbsIiEyah Missions. — On Thursday evening, a pufclla meeting was held in the Wesleyan Church, Glebe Road, on tho part of the Wesleyan missions to the heathen. Mr. G. W. Allen presided. The proceedings were commenced, at half- past 7 o'clock, ' by psalmody and prayer. The chairman, after a few preliminary remarks, called upon the secretaiy to read the report— that of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Missionary Sooiety — for the year ending April, 1865, already in print. An abstract of the report having been read (together with an account of the contributions received for the year 1864), the Rev. 8. Rabonc— fosmcrly a missionary in the Friendly Islands — moved the adoption of tne report, and advocated the support and extension of the mission cause, 'i he rev. gentleman expressed his satisfaction at the pros perous Rt.itc of tho missions as disclosed by the report and urged upon those that heard him the necessity or con tributing with increased liberality towards the work. He knew, from personal experience as a missionary, how great ai;£ hair substantial was the progress made by natives of Polynesian Islands in vital Christianity under the lunching of the missionaries of that socioty. He was happr to be enabled to bear testimony to the sincerity of the conversion of the natives of those islands, and their know ledge of the love of God, and earnest persistency in prayer. The Churches which had been there established bad become almost self-supporting, so gladly did the Churoh members gathered from heathenism give of the substance with which God had blessed them for the dissemination of the Gospel. The Rev. James Bickford seoonded the reso lution, and, in so doing, adverted to the fact that this was their first meeting in that church. The resolution was put from the chair, and carried unanimously ; after which, the Rev. James Calvert— for many years a missionary in tlie Fijian Archipelago— moved the following resolution 'That this meeting, having learnt that pressing calls are made upon the committee for an increase of missionaries ia that part of Polynesia the Great Head of the Churoh has confided to our care, resolves to be more oonstant in prayer, and more liberal in gifts to aid the oommittee in their desire to respond without delay, by sending farther additional labourers into tbis harvest field.' In speaking to tnis resolution, the rev. gentleman described his own conversion in his youth, and went on to show that he had, ever sinoe tbe change God had so wrought in him, been convinced that the Gospel was the only thing that was adapted to the wants of man's fallen estate. He had gone out to the Fijian Archipelago in 1638, and had there set about his master's work. In his labours he had at the outset met with heavy discouragements, but he had gradually, through the providence of tho Almighty, been the means of induo ing great numbers to forsake their false gods. The reverend gentleman then gave several interesting details ofthe way in which God had opened a way for hira at the town of Yandrana, in spite of the opposition of the heathen chiefs. From that town he wss enabled, ere long, to obtain about twenty young men to assist him ; volunteering to go and teach the elements of th' true faith in the worst parts of the entire grou^. Mr. Calvert also gave the particulars of the introduction of Christianity into the island of Ono (an island lying to the south of the Eastern Group of the Fijie), how the peeple, happily found predis posed' to receive Christianity, bad received the word gladly, and had since been their zealous co-labourers. Amongst them was the daughter of the Chief of Ono, baptised by Mr. Calvert, and preserved with her friends (by God's good providence) from the designs of the barbarous King of La ketnba, who. in a hostile expedition against them, from which he had been earnestly dissuaded, lost several of his canoes ; drifted out of bis course as far as Tutoia ; and so eventually, and with difficulty, managed to get baok to his island home, a sadder and a wiser man. The speaker also described die present state of the Fijian group in its Christian aspect, ana glanced at what had been recently done there in the way of establish ing civil government. The kind reception given by the Fijians at Kandavu to the helpless survivors of the All Serene was slso adverted to ; ana mention was made of the planting of cotton and coffee, which had been commenced in Fiji. He begged them to continue to support the society for the good it had done, and for that which it had yet to do. Mr. Palmer seconded the resolution, which was carried at before. A collection was than made, from seat to seat, in aid of the Mission Fund. After a vote of thanks to the chairman the meeting terminated with the Doxology. I The Weatheb and tre Crops. — The early dayB of this week were exceedingly warm, and even at night-time it wes very close and sultry. On Tuesday the thermometer stood 94 degrees at 9 in the morning ; at 11 it rose to 98 degrees. A thunder shower or two fell about the middle of the day, and slightly cooled the air. At 6 o'clock in the evening the fnermometer still stood at 80, and at 8 o'clock at 74 degrees. Yesterday, the weather was much cooler, a slight breeze blowing from the aouthward, and the sky being overcast. - Auhongh, as we reported in eur last, the rustnas shown itself in several localities around Maitland, some very encouraging aooounts come in from other places as to the condition of the wheat crop. The wheat at the Sugarloaf is said to be extremely promising. At Buchanan, in one direction, and at Phoenix Park, in another, rust is still absent. At Tillimby, in the Paterson district, so fine is the crop that ears nine inches in length are freely scat tered through it. From our Singleton correspondence it will be seen that encouraging anticipations are entertained in that district. Referring to our late statement about the appearance of rust at Nelson's Plains, a corres pondent writes : — ' From all the information I can father, I fancy your authority has made a mistake, j t would appear that the wheat is only affected in small - patches where the straw has shot up very strong, and the j wheat haa fcllm down through the effect of winds, &c; ; but the bulk of the wheat is said to look as well as it poa- ! sibly ran, and, in feet, at one place on Nelson's Plains, the grain is so forward as to be almost fit to reap at the present time.' — Maitland Mercury of Thursday. : THE SEASON.—Strong hot winds, clouds of dust, and a thick hazy atmosphere continue to be the prevailing cha- racteristics of the weather in the district of Bathurst. On Saturday and Sunday last, the smoke from the enormous bushfires raging around us in every direction, hung over the plains like a huge fog, exceedingly oppressive, and totally concealing from view the surrounding mountains. On Monday, the wind rose higher than usual, and, to a great extent, relieved us by clearing away the smoke. There was also every appearance of a thunderstorm ; but the clouds dispersed towards evening, and no rain fell ; though from the vivid flashes of lightning that appeared between 7 and 9 o'clock in the north- east, it is probable that the coveted storm broke in that direction. Many of our farmers have already turned their cattle in upon the young crops, and the rest have almost ceased to hope for any chance of saving than. It is thought that if rain came soon, some of the crops might be converted into hay ; if so, doubtless, much distress may be averted, for the failure of the hay crop has already had such an effect upon the market, that, whereas two months ago hay could be bought at £3 10s. a ton, it is now commanding £10; and to quote a case within our own knowledge, a few months ago an acquaintance bought a lot of hay, which for some time proved altogether unsaleable; but purchasers are now glad to give him from £8 to £9 a ton for it at the stack. In the failure of the wheat harvest, therefore, hay would still be a remunerative product.—Bathurst Times, October 11. CONTINUED DROUGHT AT ARMIDALE AND ITS EFFECTS. —It is a matter of extreme concern among all classes that the dry weather continues so long, the small quantity of rain that has fallen lately is not near sufficient even for agricultural pursuits alone. Sheep and cattle are in want of provender, and those parties having the remnants of teams of bullocks are losing them by degrees, mainly attri- butable to want of feed. Our stores cannot keep up their supplies, and I know from one storekeeper that his goods are on the road, the team disabled, and it is quite uncertain when the teamster can get it up from Tamworth, It would be, indeed, gratifying were the Clarence line of road re- paired, and fit for general traffic, to save the longer distance from Singleton. We still suffer from a scarcity of many useful and necessary edibles from the cause stated, and it is but an accident that we see young calves. Although our town presents now an appearance, still I can assure your readers that the general depression of trade is unparalleled for many years past.—Clarence and Richmond Examiner. Mukicifautt of tbe Glkbe. — A quarterly meeting of the council was held In the 'council chamber, on Monday, the 9th instant. Present — the chairman, and Messrs. Monro, Simpson, Harstoofl, and Blacket. The minutes of the previous meetiag were read and confirmed, and the chairman brought up the fol lowing reports From the finance committee, showing an ex Sendilure since the previous meeting of £118 10s. 6d. ; from the gbting committee, recommending that an additional Btreet light be erected in Pyrmont Bridge Road ; and from tbe improvement committee, clause 1, showing that permission had been granted for the erection of an iron-roofed verandah in Franklyn-place, and clause S, showing that estimates of the cost of metalling por tions of Glebe Road had been prepared ; section A, extending from Pyrmont Bridge Road to Hereford-street ; section B, from Hereford-street to Ferry Road ; and section C, from Ferry Road to Leichhardt-street The correspondence was then read. The reports of tbe finance committee were adopted, on the motion of Mr. Harwood, seconded by Mr. 6impson. Mr. Blaeket moved ' that the report of the lighting committee now beforethe council be adopted,' seconded by Mr. Munro, and carried. Clause 1 of the report of the improvement committee was approved on tbe motion of Mr. BlacVet, seconded by Mr. Simpson. Tbe coun cil clerk laid upon the table the specification and plan of a fence to be erected in Arundel-terrace, It was then resolved ' that the conncil go into committee for the purpose of examining the tenders which hare been received for fencing required in Aron del-terrace.' Council resumed, and the chairman reported that the lowest tender was that of Mr. Goodwin, at £1 per rod, and that the committee recommended that this tender be accepted. ' It was thereupon moved by Mr. Simpson ' that the tender of Mr. Goodwin, for the erection of a fence in Arandel-terrace, in accord ance with the plan and specification now upon the table, for the sum of £1 per rod, be accepted,' seconded by Mr. Blacket, and carried. The council then adjourned. MtwicrrAUTT of Cook.— A meeting of the council .of this municipalitv was held at the Council Chambers on the 9th instant. Present— The chairman (Mr. James Larkin], and councillors Bartley, O'Brien, Flanagan, and M'Grath. Correspondence— 1. Notice convening meeting for this 'day. 2. Letter from the -Works Department, In reference to kerbing and guttering the southern side of the Psrrsmatta Road, within the village of Camperdown. S. Letter from the Colonial Secretary, informing the council that instructions had been given to the Government Printer to supply the statutes requested . Reports— The chair man brought up report from the finance oommittee, recommend ing paTment of accounts, amounting to £50 12s. 6a. ^ Moved by councillor Bartley, and seconded by councillor O'Brien, 11 That the report be received and adopted, and cheques drawn for the amount;' carried. The council then proceeded to consider notice of motion by Mr. oounciilor Bartley, 'to kerb and gutter the Camperdown Boad, from the bottom of Dowling-street to the Parramatta Road on the east aide, and from the top of Smith's lane to the Parramatta Road on the west side of said Camper down Road.' After due consideration of the matter Mr. coun cillor Bartley begged to withdraw the motion by leave of tbe council. Tne ohelnnan laid on the table accounts amounting to £81 12b. 6d. Ordered to be referred to the finance committee. Tbe meeting then separated. Resignation. — A suffering but godly man was once asked if he could see any reason tor the dispensation which had caused him so much agony. 'No,' re plied lie, ' but I amjust aB well satisfied as if I oould Me ten thousand. God's will is th? perfection of all Ktton#.'— 