MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1865. _____________ The honourable member for Rodney said in the Assembly on Tuesday last, " if " in ceasing to collect the old duties, the " Government had suspended or dis " persed with the law, he for one would " no longer support them." The tariff acts are eight in number. It is contended as to all these acts that each ought to have been reserved by the Governor for the signification of the Queen's pleasure thereon. This propo- sition we affirm to be the reverse of the law. The Victorian Constitution Act, which forms Schedule 1 of the Imperial Con- stitution Statute, l8 and 19 Viet., cap. 55, by section 1 enacts that separate Legislative Houses shall be established in Victoria ; and then enacts as follows : " and Her Majesty shall have power " by and with the consent and advice of " the said Council and Assembly to "make laws in. and for all Victoria in " all cases whatsoever." But inasmuch as that portion of the legislative power of the colonial Legislature which lies in Her ¡Majesty has principal'y to be exercised by proxy, through her representative in this colony, direc- tory regulations were needed to secure the best practicable combination of discretion with speed in such exercise. Certain regulations had a^eady been tried under tho older constitutions, and found to meet their aim. The colonial Legislature which framed the Constitution Act proposed new and hithertountriedones. Thelmperial Legis- lature rejected the new proposals, and ad- hered to the old expedients. It struck out of the Constitution Bill the new proposals, authorised the Queen to assent only to the bill as amended by the omission, and by a specific enactment adopted in the Victorian Constitution the old regulations. The specific enactment as to the old regulations was section 3 of the Constitution Statute, which leads thus :-The provisions of the Acts 13 and 14 Viet., cap. 59, and Sand G Viet., No. 7G, " which relate to the '? giving and withholding of Her Ma " jesty's assent to bills, and the re3er " vation of bills for the signification of " Her Majesty's pleasure thereon, and " the instructions to be conveyed to " Governors for their guidance in re " lation to the matters aforesaid, and " the disallowance of bills by Her " Majesty, shall apply to bills to be " passed " by future Victorian Legis- latures. "What, then, are the provisions of these two acts relating to the giving, withholding, and reserving of Her Ma- jesty's consentí It is a most note- worthy thing that any auch provisions are only contained in one of these two acts. "Why the other act is referred to as relating to such provisions will pre- sently appear. The provisions of the first of the two, 5 and G Viet., No. 76, are simply these : Every bill (section 31) shall be presented for Her Majesty's con sent to the Governor, and the Go- vernor shall declare according to his dis- cretion, but subject to this act and his instructions, that he assents in Hku Majesty's name, that ho withholds Her Majesty's consent, or that he reserves such bill for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure thereon. Aud all bills altering or affecting the duties of Customs sball in every case be so ro served, except such temporary bills as the Governor shall expressly declare neces- sary to be forthwith assented to by reason of some public pressing emer- gency. Whenever (section 32) any bill shall by such Governor have been assented to in Her Majesty's name, he sball »end home an authentic copy ; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty at any time within two years after it bas been received for Her Majesty by Order in Council to de- clare her disallowance of such bill; and such disallowance, when duly signified to the Legislature of the colony, shall make void and annul the same from and after the date of the signification. Theso being the regulations contained in the first of the acts referred to, what are the provisions of the second " rela " ting to " thern-there being, as ob- served above, no regulations" whatever " contained in " the second of these acts. The first provision on the subject is this :-Section 12 enacts, among other matters, that " sub " j cet to the provisions herein con " rained," all the provisions of 5 and G Viet, cap, 7G, as explained and amended by the 7 and 8 Viet, cap. 74, concerning " the giving and with " holding of Her Majesty's assent to " bills, and the reservation of bills " for the signification of Her Majesty's " pleasure thereon, and the bills so re " served, and the instructions to be " conveyed to the Governor for " his guidance in relation to the matter " aforesaid, and the disallowance of bills " by Her Majesty," shall apply in the colony of Victoria, as if here repeated, and the name of Victoria substituted for the name of New South Wales. The above words, " subject to the jy^visions " 7tereÍ7i contained,'' make it necessary to see what other provisions are in this Act 13 and 14 Viet, No. 59, which might qualify the enactment thus adopted by it from 5 and G Viet, cap. 7G. In section 27 it is enacted, " that subject to the pro " visions of this Act" [13 and 14 Vic, cap. .59], " and notwithstanding any act of " Parliament now in force to the contrary, " it shall be lawful for the Governor and " Legislative Council" of tho colonies of Victoria, eke, " to impose and levy " such duties of Customs as to such " respective Governors and Councils " may seem fit," with an exception of differential duties, as between different countries, and duties contrary to Im- perial treaties. Now, as the Constitution Statute adopts the provisions of the two prior acts as a consistent whole, as the first act alone contains regulations, and as the second act has seemingly no relation to any regulations at all except so far as it repeats those of the former act in order to alter them, it can only have been the intention of the Constitution Statute to adopt the regulations of the first act, as al- tered by the second. How, then, aro the regulations altered by the latter act? Thus-the latter act, for the first time in the history of the Australian constitutions, inserts a specific clause (27), expressly giving to the colonial Legislature a power to pass customs laws; for the first time gives such legislative power, freed from any directory regulations as to Her Majesty's assent, and so enacts, " notwiihhtandivff any act or acts of " Parliament zvhaiever now in force lo " the contrary." It is obvious that sections 14 and 27 of the Act 13 and 14 Yict, cap. 59, are repugnant to section 31 of the Act o and G Viet., cap. 7G, in so far as the latter places the exercise of Her Majesty's portion of the legislative power under restrictions and regulations as to Customs bills, and the former leaves such exercise free from all restric- tion and regulation as to such bills. But we believo that in the interpretation of statutes where two enactments are re- pugnant, the latter in date prevails aud repeals the former. We believe also it is a maxim that any derogation of the rights of the Crown must be express, and must be kept within the strict letter of the restriction. It follows inasmuch as the Act 13 and 14 Viet., cap 59, was passed in 1S50, that no Governor of this colony has ever at any time been bound by the law to reserve for the signification oí Her Majesty's pleasure any customs act; that none of the tariff acts aro illegal because not reserved; and so far as this objection alone is concerned, that all the tariff acts are in forco at this day. The Government has therefore sus- pended or dispensed with the law, and Mr, Macgregor, with every other intelligent, candid, and independent member of the Assembly in his position ought no longer to support them. It is a strange coincidence that, with- out any relationship in the causes Australia having no trade with England in the article-the prices of butchers' meat should have risen so extravagantly at the same time at the opposite ends of the world. But that which is only exceptional here, occasioned by the drought, seems to be regarded as too likely to be more than temporary in he old country. Tor the economists say, that even if the cattle plague wero stayed to-morrow, the prices of» meat will not again descend to their former evel. Before the murrain appeared at all the increase in the supply was not keeping pace with the enlargement of the demand. With a denser population every year, England finds it necessary to call more and more upon the foreign pro- ducer. Within three years she has nearly trebled her imports of live stock from the Continent. We find that those im- ports during the six months of the cur- rent year ending 30th June, numbered 382,095 head of all sorts- black cattle, sheep, and swine-against 140,873 in the corresponding period of 1863. And in many of the countries whence those shipments are drawn—in the Nether- lands and Germany, for instance— there is likewise a large annual increase of population and consumption of the food which they are now ex- porting. It is in-view of theso various circumstances that so little prospect is discerned of cheap or even moderate prices for meat again in England. And let it be remembered that, even at the former charges, the article in any suffi- cient degree was quite beyond the reach of the labourers in tho agiicultural coun- ties, and whole masses of the inhabitants of the towns. "The homo newspapers havo for years been making us aware that the peasantry in many of the western and midland shires are as ill- fed, and as devoid of a sufficiency of the necessaries of life, as the bulk of the London poor in the most crowded quarters of the metropolis. So, now that the murrain is enhancing its usual dearness, meat will be to them a wholly unattainable luxury. We may judge of tho priva- tions which will be endured, and by numbers of the middle as well as by the humblor classes, when it is expected that butchers' prices will rise to eighteen pence a pound, or higher still, in 18GG. Meat is much more a necessary of health and strength for the working man in England than in many other 'equally cold, or colder countries, because the other nitrogenous varieties of food, which elsewhere supply its place, are just as proportionately dear and hard to procure by the English labourer. If milk were even as occasionally obtain- able by him as by the peasant of Connaught, or if fish were as abun- dant in Dorsetshire as in the Hebrides, the total deprivation of his present scanty and infrequent rations of beef or bacon could be better borne. Indeed, it is the opinion of thinking men, that the greatest problem of the future for the attention of statesmen in the crowded countries of Europe will be, how to make the supply of nitrogenous food keep pace with the growth of popula- tion. The only adequate remedy for such a state of things is the natural and the historic one-the transfer of popu- lation, not by units, but in whole masses, from the over-peopled to the vacant parts of the earth. This, which was a state undertaking among the ancients, equally in civilized Greece as among the barbarous tribes of Germany or Sar matia, is loft to private hands by modern statesmen. As a consequence, the trans- fer is either performed in driblets and inadequately, and does not sensibly relieve the pressure at home ; or, if accomplished on the needful scale, it is under the compulsion of some frightful calamity, attended with terrible loss of life, like the exodus produced by the Irish famine. The time will come, though probably not in our day, when Governments will esteem it wiser, more humane, more economical, truer national policy in every sense, to anticipate fa- mine in this way, not wait until it knocks at the door-when it will be an axiom with Governments to anticipate even wide-spread distress by transferring over sea and settling on vacant territories, the superabundance of their industrious poor. Some twenty years ago, a scheme was proposed by a Mr. Buchanan for the colonisation of 100,000 persons annually in Canada at the public, or rather at the parochial expense ; and it was shown that this number of persons -that is, 20,000 families of five indivi- duals each-could he conveyed in hired vessels to Upper Canada, settled on two millions of acres there, and with a loan to each family on settlement of ¿30, at a total outlay of £1,043,000 sterling. Mr. Buchanan's scheme met the ap- proval of many practical men at the time, but we are not now discussing the precise accuracy of its details and calculations. We merely glance at it as roughly affording evidence that, whatever causes may induce Govern- ments to postpone undertaking such operations, the means of carrying them out effectively are certainly within their reach. And with the various machinery at their command, such things could be accomplished at far less expense by the state authorities than by the municipal, or other local bodies contemplated in the proposal wo have referred to. Indeed, though wo shall hardly see it in this generation, the time may come when Governments may employ their navies in timo of peace as vessels of transport for such a national purpose, and when it may he considered truer economy to apply to this object half the annual amount of poor rates, which are so heavy a tax in the United Kingdom,. than disburse them wholly and unreproduc tivelyin workhouse relief. Sooner or later England must relieve, in some such adequate fashion, the exi- gencies of her millions, the pressure of her multiplying population ; but neither Australia nor South Africa will be the sites selected for the emigration on such a scale. They are far too distant for the purpose, and, with the exception of the south-west portion of this con- tinent, and certain scattered localities at the Capo, their climato is too arid and their soil too light or barren for close and extensive agricultural settlement. It is the two Americas which will re- ceive the outflow-the vast arable tracts within and beyond Canada, and the boundless pampas, fertile and tempe- rate, watered by the La Plata and walled hy tho Andes. There British colonies may take root, and expand as widely and still more rapidly than did the plantations founded by the cavaliers ?who sailed -with IUleigh, or by the ? Puritans who quarrelled with Charles. Thero were 334 prisonors confined in tho Con ' tial Gaol on Saturday last, the following buing their classification :-Awaiting trial before tho Supremo Court, 8 males, 3 females; before Magistrates, 11 malea, 8 females. Under sen- tence to road gang, 1 malo; to hard labour, 123 males, 19 females. Detained for ImpriBonmont only, 75 males, 42 females; as lunatics, 3 males, 3 females; ia default of bail, 14 males, 3 females¡ aadebtors, 13 males; and 1 female, for contempt of court. Total, 251 malos, and 80 females. The treasurer of the Melbourne Orphan Afylum desires to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of the under-mentioned sums in aid of the Building Extension Fund :-Messrs. M'Culloch, Sellar, aud Co., £20; Borough Council of Williamstown, £6; Professor "Wilson, £5. The hon. secretary of the Ladies' Com "-mittee of tho Melbourne Orphan ABylum do tires to acknowledge, with thanks, tho under- mentioned sums in aid of the Building Ex tension Fand :-Church collection, per the Bev. T. G. Wilson (Portland), £9 63.; Rev. E. G. Pryce (Daylesford), £2 2s. ; Daylesford Ladies'Bonevolcnt Society, £5 ; Mr. Daish, £2 2*. ; Mrs. Rutherford, £2 ; Mr. Sutton, £1. The ni« prius sittings of the Supreme Court commenco this morning. The numbar of causes entered for trial is eighty-six, viz., fourteen before special juries of twelve, and seventy-two before special juries of four. At the Supreme Court Criminal Sittings, 011 Saturday morning, the sp2cial juty ia the libirl ca up on Friday night, were brought into court, and discharged without having agreed to a verdict. Counsel for the prosecution then applied that the defendant should b3 re- manded to the next Criminal Sittings, but ob- jection was raised to the right of counsel to appear in the caße any further as representing tho Clown, on the ground that their autho- rity as private prc3ccutorB had expired with the close of the trial. In the absence of any intimation from the Crown on tho subject, his Honour said he would consult the other judges, and give his decision on Monday morning. Edward Hill, late rate collector of the borough of Richmond, wag tried for em- bezzling money received in his official capa- city, and acquitted before the case for the defence was closed. His Honour said ha entirely concurred in tho verdict of the jury. The City Counsil will meet at thy usual hour this afternoon. The notico paper is pretty long, but contains little beyond the ordinary routine reports. By one of these the council will he recommended to choose an officer of health for the city, from the candidates-Messrs. H, 0. Curtis, ;it. Fades, A. F. A. Greeves, J. Keeno, and J. E. Neild. Tho convictod prisoner, Mejnard, or "Yan- kee Toni," was executed at Geelong on Saturday morning. He made no public con- fession of his guilt, but it ia reported that he has left a written admission to be sent to the authorities. The number of youthful outcasts at present under the charge of the Government, pur- suant to the provisions of the Neglected and Criminal Children Act, is over 1,200, which shows an increase since the commencement of the present year of about 770. The children are thus distributed :-600 at the Prlnce's bridge depot, 330 at Sunbury, 150 at Geelong, and about 150 on board the naval training ship Sir Harry Smith and the hulk Deborah. The increase, which has been at the rate of seventy per month, has exceeded all anticipation, and has taxed the re- sources of the department to the utter- most. The number at Prince's-bridge in excess of the accommodation is about 200. The works at Sunbury are actively prose- cuted, and as each new ward is completed, children sufficient to fill the additional space are detailed from the central depot. Thirty were sent up last week. A special meeting of tho Anglers'Protection Society will be held this afternoon, at the office of the Acclimatisation Society, Swanston street, for the appointment of water-bailiffs. The annual meeting of the Melbourno and Suburban City Mission will be held this even- ing, in the Mechanics'Institute. HisHonour Judgo Pohlman will take the chair. The re- presentatives of the contributing chutches will meet at the close, to elect tho working committeo for the ensuing year. In consequenco of tho rapid rise in the value of flour, the price of bread will bs, on and after to day, Is. Id. per 41b. loaf. The metropolitan volunteer corps assembled for battalion drill on Saturday afternoon, at the Princes-bridge Parade-ground, Colonel Anderson was present. There was a good muster, and the men did very well, firing with more than usual steadiness. Saturday witnessed the launch of the paddle steamer Reliance, from Findlay and Co.'s building-yard, South Yarra Bank. The launch, which was of course quite an event for the district, passed off with success. Miss Annie Sumners christened the vessel in the usual festive manner ; and a little delay having been surmounted, the Reliance was soon safely afloat on the stream. She is a pretty craft of over 100 tons measurement quite a creditable addition to our list of Melbourne -built vessels, and is intended for the Schnapper Point, Queenscliff, or Gipps Land trade. For employment of this nature she appears to be remarkably well adapted, as she is strongly constructed, will be fitted with powerful engines, and has a very light draught of water. She is built on the composite principle-that is, of wooden planking secured on an iron frame- an arrangement which, while it gives strength, inasmuch as the heavy angle- iron used is stouter than any timber, also secures room and comparative lightness. More than one vessel of the class have been built here, but perhaps the best known of all "composite" ships is the Confederate cruiser Shenandoah, which lately visited our port. As to the timber employed, the keel of the Reliance, and the five keelsons which she is strengthened with, are picked bluegum ; the planking is 3-1/2in. Oregon pine, and the deck is Kauri pine. Her length is 102ft. over all, her breadth 17ft. 8in., her depth 7ft, 6in., and her estimated draught of water, with eight days fuel on board (calculating twelve working hours to the day) is 4ft. 3in. The Reliance has a sharp entrance and a fine clean run aft, not extreme either way ; and of course, to secure her light draught, she has a long flat floor. She has an upright stem, and a pretty elliptical stem; so that altogether her model is of the latest and smartest style. The machinery of the vessel will be entirely of colonial manufacture. The engines, of fifty nominal horse-power, working up to 100 horse-power, are being made by Messrs. Laughton and Co., Soho Works, North Melbourne, and are what are known as " combined expansive" engines. They are the first made on this principle in Melbourne, and their trial is looked forward to with much interest. Economy of fuel and a steady pressure throughout the stroke are the advantages claimed for them. The boiler, which is ready to put on board, is from Messrs. Langlands's Port Phillip Foundry, and, with the other parts of the machinery, has been constructed under the superintendence of Mr. Dauglish. The vessel itself has been built under the inspection of Mr. Paxton, late of the Yarra. She is owned by a company who found the materials for her, and took a contract for the labour-an arrangement which appears to have worked very well. It is satisfactory to learn that the vessel costs less than she would have stood the owners in had she been imported, while, as she will be completed within the four months, a whole season's time has been saved by building her here. A man named David Shaw was brought to the hospital on Saturday afternoon, suffering from a fracture of the baso of the skull caused by a fall from a scaffold at tho Roman Catholio Church, Hoddle-street. John M'Leod was tuleen in yesterday morning, with his wrist badly cut, the effcot of a stab received in a public-house row at Sandridge. A case of burglary occurred at Emerald hill on Saturday evening, Between nine and ten o'clock a man named Thomas Harris, was discovered in thehouse of Captain Black, in Montague-street, by the neighbours ; but on telling them that he had gone to tho phca for the purpose of getting an order for some boote, ho waa allowed to go. Afterwards, I however, information of tho circumstancu was g'ven to the police, and the man waa arrested in tho next street by Sergeant Ellis, who found, on visiting the promises, that an entrance had been forced, and that several of tho drawers in tho house had been broken open, although nothing appeared to have been stolen. The sergeant also found in the yard a tomahawk and two BhoemokerB' knives, intended, pro- bably, for forcing open doors or boxes. The man will be brought up at the local police court this morning. A little girl named Mary Howard Ford, aged nearly three years, was accidentally drowned on Friday by slipping into a water- hole, upon the side of which she was playing, with two other children, in the garden of her father, Mr. W. Ford, chemist, living at East St. Kilda. Dr. Youl held an inquest on the body on Saturday, when the jury returned a verdict in accordance with the facts. At the Emerald-hill Police Court, on Saturday, Wm. Flonnery applied to havo hie licence transferred to the Queen's Arms Hotol, but the application was opposed by the police and refused, the objection, being that the applicant, when occupying the house formerly, had kept a dancing saloon, contrary to law. At tho Richmond Police Court on Satur- day, Thomas Monis, a coloured man, was brought up, on remand, charged withstoaling two sheets, three shirts, and some other articles, the pioperty of Mr. Dugald Little. The articles were stolen from an outhouse attached to the prosecutor's residence. The prisoner was committed for trial nfc the sessions. Edmund Cotter, the collector at the Richmond toll-bar, summoned Henry E. . Merriman, for non-payment of toll. The de- fendant is a merchant's clerk, and also a local preacher in connexion with the Wesleyan body, and he claimed exemption from the payment of toll on the ground of being a minister of religion. Tho object of the BummonB wbb to test the question of whe- ther ho was entitled to be exempted from the payment of toll. Tho magistrates considered that he was not exempt; butas it appeared that he was goinß to attend public worship at the timo at which lie declined to pay the toll for the noji-paymont of which he was sum- moned the summom was dismissed. At the Williamstown Police Court on Saturday, Mr. Robert Rodgers, chief officer of the Pride of the Ocean, appeared to prose- cute Thomas Daniels, the second officer of that vessel, for an assault alleged to have been committed last Tuesday evening. Ac- cording to complainant's statement, he had ordered Daniels to cover the hatchway with a sail, and, observing afterwards that it was not done, he again spoke to him about it, when the defendant got into a passion, and, seizing two iron belaying pins, offered one of them to Rodgers, with an invitation to stand forth and fight. The challenge, however, was declined, upon which Daniels pulled off his coat, and struck the chief officer two or three blows on the face with his fist. This assault was witnessed by the captain, who merely requested the defendant to be quiet. Prose- cutor also stated that he had been previously assaulted by the second officer in a most brutal manner, but that at the captain's request he had overlooked the offence. The chief officer of the Asiatic corroborated Rodgers' statement relative to the assault on the 21th instant. On the other hand it was alleged that the chief officer, on finding his order disregarded, called Daniels by an op- probrious name, which was the cause of the outrage. Mr. Call censured the captain for permitting such disorderly conduct in his presence, and said that the Bench would be remiss in their duty if they did not impose such a penalty as would teach the defendant to conduct himself with propriety towards his superior officer. As the latter appeared to have given some provocation, the Bench im- posed a fine of £5, or, in default, fourteen days' imprisonment. Captain I/averty, of the barque Bessy, was summoned by Mr. Gossetc, of the Customs department, for neglecting to holbt a blue Hag on his arrival ia Hobson's Bay. As it was shown that the captain had not committed the offence intentionally, it was overlooked on his paying the costs of court. A woman named Ellie, charged with using obscene language in Douglas-parade, was ordered to leave the neighbourhood within three days; and Charles Ruff, a re- pulsive-looking man, was ordered to pay £2 12s. Gd. in liquidation of a small debt, and for using abueive language to a Mrs. Jones. Messrs. Call, Mason, and Williams were the adjudicating magistrates. At Donnybrook Court of Petty Sessions, on the 20th inst., before Mr. Thomas Wilson, J.P" William Edwin, a young mon of respectable appearance, but with several aliases, was charged with stealing a mare, saddle, and bridle, from the Key. Duncan Frazer, of Ballarat, on the 2öth of August last. Several witnesses were called to prove tho charge, among whom was Mr. Frazer, who stated that, having left his maro standing at tho door of the houseof one of his parishioners in Ballarat, he found on coming out that she waa gone. Senior-constable Skinner brought evidenco which connected the prisonor with the robbery, and he was committed for trial. The magistrate commented on the conduct of Senior constablo Skinner as having beon most praiseworthy. A theft of a curiously and ingeniously exe- cuted writing of some value (says the Ballarat Star) was committed some time last week at the stall of Mr. Taylor, in the Western Mar- ket. Tho writing consisted of clevor counter- feits of bank-notes, representing a total valuo of £100, in £5, £10, and other notes, and the writing was enclosed in a glass case. As it is just possible the notes may bo offered as good ones, tradespeople and bankers should be on their guard. An adventure which an enthusiastic apiarian had a few days ago with his bees (savB the Daylesford Express) is ludicrous enough to remind ono of the disciple of Izaak Walton who, at the close of an unsuccessful day's angling, consoled himself with the re- flection that, although he had not had a Bingle " bite," he had got " a gloiious nibble !" Tho beo-maBter in question haB a theory that his interesting little friends will not hurt any- one who is in the habit of handling them. With this impression, ho was endeavouringlto secure a large number of young onos that had left their home, and wore about to set up in busi- ness for themselves. The insects had settled by hundreds upon his head, his beard, and even his face, without exciting uneasiness, till one of them, in playful mood, drovo its Bting into his forehead. This was too much for the philosophy of their owner, and in an unlucky moment ho gave the offendor a vigorous slap. In an instant the wholo troop inserted their lances in his flesh, and, roaring with pnin, he was compelled to beat a hasty retreat. Still ho had courage to return to the scene of action, and though suffering Bovorely from the wounds he had received, seemed to derive ample compensation from his having secured, to use his own words, " another mag- nificent Bwarm." Tho Talbot Leader of Friday last describes the preparations for the dinner thereto Messrs, Frtizrr nnd Wheeler, representatives of the district in the Assembly, and Baye ;-" Prepa- rations for entertaining Mesera. Frazor and Wheiler, M.L>. A.'b, and the bon. tho Minister of Lunda and the bon. the Minister of Mines, at Talbot this evening, are now completed, and thtro is overy probability of the affair proving one of the most successful of the kind that has ever taken place in this town. Messrs. .Grant and Sullivan, and their party, are to reach Talbot, via Caralulup and Learmonth, and at the latter place they will bo enter- tained at luncheon by Mr. Ogilvy and other gentlemen resident in that locality. At the Springs a triuro pliai arch is to bo erected by tho farmers, as a token of their approbation of the land policy of the present Govern- ment. The mayor and town clerk of this borough ?will meet the party at the Evansford Hotel, and from thonce escort them into Talbot Meanwhile Messrs. Frazer, Wheeler, andDavies, M.L.A.'s, and other gen- tlemen, will reach Talbot by way of Mount Greonock, whore they will be met by several members of the Testimonial Committee, and thus escorted into this town. Mr. Medley, tho contractor, is making extensivo prepara- tions for the banquet, to take place in the Borough-hall, and the destruction going on for this event among the feathered tiibo in the dis- trict is something frightful to contemplate. A most successful gathering may be expected, the committee having worked with a Bpirit of unanimity and an amount of energy mest satisfactory to behold. The following gentle- men have been appointed a committaa to spe- cially watch over the success of tho banquet, namely-Messrs. Stewart, J.P., Andrews, Wood, Mather, Holmes, Nicholson, and Davis. Tho number of guests at the banquet is cou- , fidently computed at 160." Several cases of poisoning by fish, (re- marks the ST. À. Mail) occurred in Castle- maine on Friday, but we aro happy to say that no serious results are anticipated. The fish was of the fiat-head class, and to all i appearance as fresh as could be desired, yet in almost every instance in which it was used the effect was felt. It is most probable that the météorologie disturbance of the pre- vious evening had something to do with the tainting of the fish. A heavy bushfire (tho Ararat Advertiser re- ports) was raging during the whole of Tuesday and Wednesday, on the northern end of the Grampian Ranges, in the direction of Rose's Gap. This is an alarming indication of the state of the country at this early Boason of the year ; the grass is parched to such an extent in many places, as is frequently unknown until January, On Monday last the ther- mometer showed WOdeg. in tho sun at Stawell, or a temperature higher than was experienced on Black Monday, last year, in Melbourne. We tako tho following from the Ararat Advertiser :-" A siugular description of bird that nppears to bo altogether unknown in this district, web perceived a few days ago, by two gentlemen who wero engaged in fishing on the Hopkins River. The bird, as described to us, appears to have had all the character- istics of a waterfowl, aud was from twelve to fifteen inches in height. The plumage was a bluish grey, and the neck was short, having the appearance of that of a barn-door fowl, although the bill was Hat, and rather duck shaped, under which wero two scarlet ap- pendages, commonly called jowls. The wing feathers appeared to bo of a dark blue colour, and the legs partook of the wador species. The bird seemed to be comparatively tamo, although when approached too clo3oly, it usually ran with great speed for a distance of twelvo or fourteon yards. The duck bill, and tho very peculiar bluish grey shado of the plumage, distinguishes it as a species of aquatic bird different from any wo have yet heard of as a habitat of this district." Our Tasmanian files are to the 25th inst. Two candidates-Mr. P. O. Fysh and Mr. J. W, Wilson-are in the field for the represen- tation of Hobart in the Legislative Council The trial of William Griffiths for the Glen- orchy murder was proceeding. We observe from our exchanges, that a quantity of the ova of perch has been sent from Launceston, as a present to tho Acclimatisation Society here. The annual meeting of the Royal Society of Tasmania was held on the 10th instant, but the proceedings were not reported till the 18th. From the Mercury we observe that "Mr. M. Allport brought under the notice of the meeting the fact that the black cormorant (Phalacracoraz carboida) had lately been seen in unprecedented numbers about Hobart Town and the country districts in its vicinity. Many had even visited the pond in the society's gardens. Of these two had been shot and on opening their stomachs a number of tench were found. They were very trouble some in the vicinity of the salmon ponds, where upwards of ninety had already been shot. Many other rare water-birds, including the Nankeen night heron (Nyctocorax Caledonicui), the maned goose (Bernicla jubata), the tippet grebe (Podiceps Australis), and the Australian egret {Herodias syrnatophorus), had also made their appearance in very unusual numbers. Theso visitations wero probably duo to the long continued dry weather in the centre of the Aus- tralian continent ; and Mr. Allport thought it was advisable to place the matter on record, in order to see if in future years a drought of this character should be foUowed by Bimilar phenomena. Dr. Officer corroborated Mr. Allport's statement as to tho troublo which the cormorants gave at the salmon ponds, where the greatest vigilance was necessary on the part of Mr. Ramsbottom and others to guard the trout and salmon from their felonious attempts. Mr. Allport also reported that the English perch (Perca jhtriatilis), intro- duced by him, afler Eeveral failures, four years ago, had at length spawned. These fish were placed on their »nival in a small arti- ficial pond in Mr. J. Allport's garden, con- structed co as to rcBcmble ob nearly as possible a weedy pool in a rivulet, 15ft. long by 12ft. wide, 3ft. Gin. deep atone side, and gradually eloping to a few inches nt the other. The spawn is hung in a ribbon-like mass amongst the weeds, upon closo inspection it is resolved into a netwoik of beads, eighteen inches long by two broad. That from ono fish probably contains 300,000 ovn, The labour involved In keeping the parent fish supplied with tad- poles (their favourite food), worms, &c;, has been at times vory great. Besides tho fish, this pond has been instrumental in thoroughly establishing the English white waterlily, and other water-plants, and two species of the larger English pondBnails, of which our own streams are singularly deficient. The habits of several interesting ciustaccanB and the metamorphoses of a large numberof ephemeral flies have also been observed ; tho pond thus fnrnishing a very efficient aquarium on an extensive scale." Wo aro much ploasod (says the Tasmanian Morning Herald of the 25th inst.) to notice the first shipment of the products of tho Pyro lignito Company. By the brigantlne Mac- quarie, for Melbourne, cleared out yestorday, twenty casks of pyrolignite, or acetate of lime, were Bbipped by Mr. Askin Morrison, to Mel- bourne, for transhipment to London. We shall look anxiously for the result." Sausages of kangaroo meat have boon made in Adelaide, and aro described as being vory palatable. Tho Queensland Guardian of tho 21st inst. states :- " The Lady Young, steamer, on her last ttip to Sydney, had the usual monotony of a coasting passage broken by a little episode which afforded amuEemont to all, and was rather an interesting fact to ba recorded by a naturalist. The boatswain bird is well known in the regions fatthor west, hut its appearance on tho Australian coast is not frequent. The fanciful name given to it by sailors has aiiscn from the peculiarity of the I bird's tail, which closely resembles a mnrling spiko carried behind. On the ovoning of the 11th inst., acouplo of those birds, male and female, flew into the topsail of the Lady Young, andbelngeitherstunnedorfrightenod, fell down upon the deck. The male bird was immediately secured by Mr. Graham, the chief engineer, while Mr. Hammlyn, the chief officer, with bis usual gallantry, flow to the assistance of tho injured female, and suc- ceeded in making her safe. The captain, how- ever, claiming his right to all waifs and strays, jetsam and floatsam, but albeit with consent of all parties interested, took possession of tho birds, and presonted them to some scientific institution in Sydney, whoso museum, no doubt, they now ndorn. The boatswain bird ia common enough about the Capo of Good Hope, but it seldom finds its way so far east as our coast." The first part of " Henry IV." (ending with the battle of Shrewsbury) was tho play at tho Theatre Royal on Saturday night, and it drew a good house. Mr. Barry Sullivan's Sir John Falstaff was the principal feature of tho performance. On this, a* on previous occasions, it was evident that Mr. Sullivan had studied Falstaff as carefully as he has other creations of the great dramatist. His impersonation of the fat, cowardly, witty Back-loving old knight is a very effective one, though occasionally both voice and manner batray that the character is one out- side the actor's usual role. Tho fiery Hotspur was well represented by Mr. Robtrt Heir, and Mr. Fitzgerald waa quite au fait as Prlnco Hal. The rest of the characters were fairly maintained/and the curtain fellatnidBt cordial' applause. Tho musical farco of "The Two Gregories" waB the afterpiece. The Christy Minstrels are bringing their season to a close. Their laßt production " Used-up v. Dramatic Criticism," ia an unin- telligible farrago. It was played to a good houso on Saturday, but was not much of a bit. Notwithstanding the bleak and squally nature of the weather, the bowling green of tho M. li. Club, adjoining Ohapel-strect Sta- tion, presented an animated aspect on Satur- day. The challenge match of eight members against the eight directors, terminated in fa- vour of the former, by a majorltyof threepoints, after a contest of two and a half hours' dura- tion. The results in each rink were as fol- low:-No. 1 Rink-Messrs. Thomas Reed, Charles Bright, J. C. Paterson, and J. C. Robertson, twenty-nine points, for the members; against Messrs. G. Y. Fishley, James Wilson, J. Evorard, and J. Camp- bell, directors, twenty points. No. 2 Rink Members-Messrs. Wm, Paterson, Austin, Hick, and Rusden, twenty pointa; against McBsre. H. M. C. Gemmell, W. G. Baillie, Josh. L. Clarke, and George Young, twenty-six points. The return match is fixed to come off on the 18th proximo. Tho drawings for the champion gold medal, president's prize bowls, and vice-president's gold medal, will tako place in the course of this week ; and memberß are reminded that those only who3e annual subsc.iption is paid up will be eli- gible to enter the lists. The cricket match between the first elevens of tho Melbourno and tho East Melbourne Clubs was concluded on Saturday afternoon. The East Melbourno men had a narrow eocope of being defoated in one innings. The Melbourne team terminated their ñrst innings for ninety rune, and their opponouts were got out in their second innings for fiffcy-ono. Tho M.C.C. had then only eighteen or nine- teen runs to make to win, which they suc- ceeded in getting without the los3 of a wicket, Kelly scoiing thirtoen and Fraser four, the byes contributing the remain- der. The following is tho score of the second innings of the EaBfc Melbourne Eleven .--Fleming, b Turner, 2; D. Wil- kie, b Wills, 2; M'Phereon, lun out, 7 ; W. Campbell, b Turner, 0 ; R:e3, c Fowler, b Wills, 11; A. Campbell, b Wills, 12; Yewers. b Wills, 1; O'Mu' lane, run out, 2; M'Qnun, b Wills, 7; Jones, not out, 1; Phillips, absent; bye-, 8 ; leg-byes, 3. The match between the second elevens of the same clubs resulted in a draw, though, had it been played out, the Melbourne team would moat probably have been defeated, Tho E.M.C.'s score was as follows :-First inning?, 148 ; second innings, 81. Their oppo nents made 91 in their first innings, and had lost two wickets for ten rons in their second innings, when timo was called. On the Rich- mond ground tho firat eleven of tho Rich- mond Club played sixteen of St. Kilda. Tho St. Kilda team were all e'lsposed of for sevonty-four runs, of which Hepburn made fourteen, none of thoothers getting into double figures. Richmond, with the loss of ono wicket, ecoredeighty-five, of which Gibsoncontributed thirty, and Mortimer (not out), thirty-six. Tho South Melbourne and Warehousemen's Clubs met at the Oval. The game resulted in a victory for South Melbourne, which scored 102 to their opponents' sixty-one. The bowl- ing of Elliott waa much admirod. A match was played between the Union mid the East End Cricket Clubs, on the lattei's ground, which resulted in the defeat of the former club by 101 runs, tho East End making 13d, of which Yeo contributed twenty-nino and Greon twelve. Tho Union made thirty- three. Wade bowled exceedingly well for the E.ist End. _^^^^ 