MISCELLANEOUS. IMPORTANT SALE OF STATIONS.-Messrs; Cuningham and Macredie report having sold Messrs. Hervey and Cockburn's sta tions ''Groongal" and" Bringagee," on the Murrumbidgee, with 7000 cattle and 30,000 sheep, to the Messrs. Learmonth, of Ercildoun, for £109,300, usual terms. Testimony. to tlievalue of thistles was given by Mr. W.:J. T." Clarke, during the discussion on.the Land Bill in comn-. mittee of'tho Legislative ,Council; last' eveninie.. The hon. gentledman stated that' he. was tho'largest grower of thistles in' the colony, and that he believed the plant' to,be. eminently, useful, inasmuch as both sheep and cattle fed upon it. A.sailor once had a friend who read Shakspear'e plays for lhiim, He criticised them all'pretty freely, but when he camo 't'd 'tlhe' pasnsae ;'in. the "Midsuammer, Night's Dream ' In which the mermaid is made to ride upon the dolphin's back; he pronounced it . an unqualified, hanibug ; "for," said he, "a dolphin's back is as sharp as a razor, and no mermaid could possibly ride the beast unless she had first saddled him." The Daylesford.l1fercury is responsibile for the following account of a project for seizing the. Shenandoal :--" The closo noes of the watch maintained by the police over this 'vessel, especially after her lear. inig.the slip, prevented an attempt resolved son by a number of Federal sympathisers to capture,her and:carry her oil' to Cali forniai. The. scheme was the subject of correspondence between them in various parts of the colony, and of private meet Ings in Melbourne ; beats were, engaged to convey 150 armed inon to her: sides in the night; and all risks short of actual collision with the colonial authorities wero t6bb encountered in eoffecting.t'io object. MoKiy t6 aniy o;ttent was forthcoming.to' 'aid'thoe schme, which,'iut for'tlio'"cre exhibited by the authorities, arising:but of the suspicions engendered by the dise corery of stowaways, would probably have been put in execution. This infer .mation comes to us from a trustw'orthy oudrseo, and we believe it to be authentic. \- By a fire which broke outin Walworth. London, an old lady named Durraut, so moth -r of twenty-two children, was burnt th to deaith- at Mr. George Bugshaw, of Norwich in city, has at this tiuie the extraordliuary at number of ten thousand geese, which he so is fattening for the London clubs and e: markets. T On the settling day for the Launceston p Champion Meeting, a large sumiwas sub- p scribed to fobrt a fund for the next race p meeting. There will be a Launceeston cup of,£500, added to a sweepstakes of .h £30 each, and other good prizes. .1 Mr. Spooner, miller, of Futringtoi, I went recently, upon one of his mill sails e to do a little repairs. While on the sail i the wind blew very strong, and the mill c ran through her break. He held fist, and f was taken three or four times round ; and I had it not been for the timely assistance of a neighbour, who ran into the mill and i lowered some of the stones, which hap penued to be in gear, there is no doubt but he would have been killed. When r taken off the sail he was quite black in the face. The revenue of Tasmania appears to be less flourishing than the Ministry of that colony could desire. The total amount received- from all sources for the year was £111,074, as against £183.455 in 1803. In the Custom-house the decline was £2,809. There would have been a larger decline but for an exceptional pay muent of £20,000 on account of preesmp tire rights. The Treasurer, in the course of the year, submitted twoaestimates of revenno to Parliament. Theresults show that his first calculation exceeded the actual returns by £14,846, and his second wesS also 'in 'excess, to :the extent of £12,228. A case (Halland TVifev. Glynn) in the County Court yesterday gave some curious illustrations of that law of Victoria which treats poverty as an offence against the state, and gives to magistrates the power to send debtors to prison like felons. The femnale plaintiff (then. a ividow, by name Mrs, Ellison living at Sandridge) had dealings with Glynn, a draper, and obtained goods 'on credit to the amount of £22. Somnepayments were made on account, and she was sued in the District Police Court, and judgement ob. tained. Glynn, through his attorney, proceeded to execution, and subsequently Mrs. Ellison was ordered to be committed to gaol, in default fur three weeks. In theinterval between judgement and exe cution Mrs. Ellison became Mrs. Hall, by marriage with the co-plaintiff-a fact which it was alleged was well known, and particularly to the constable of police who took her into custody. Mrsa?.-all was imprisoned for one night; ando:in an ap plication to Mr. Hackett, the iinagistrate, although the marriage certificato was pro duced. le refused to make an order for release. Messrs Hall was only released by her husband paying Glynn's demand. The plaintiffs nows jointly sought to re-' cover damages for malielous prosecution and false imprisonment. It was urged that there must be a nonsuit, on the l authority of a ase cited, but not named, decided in the Court of Exchequer. ' The Judge of. the County Court now, how. ever, held that a case, likewise unnamed, in the Court of Queen's Bench overruled the other; and he held that the action was imaintainable, and that the person who sets the law in motion is answerable, and, t not the magistrato. The case was at tended to with some difficultitm', but lihe took this view so far as regarded the im prisonment of the female plaintilt. The , claim for damanges for malicious prosecu. i tion, and also the damages claimed hby the husband, could not .be maintained. The result was, for the fidalso imprionment of Mrs. Hail as Mrs Ellison, verdict for the plaintiffs,.damages.£20, with costs on the second scale.--Argus,- Friday.. Tadvuats OF:A OanDERLY SsRnoEAN.- I: The Newu York Times,publishes an extra. ordinary letter sent.lately to General i Thomas, commanding ,the. army of the t Cumberland, by. an orderly sdrgeanit of the 5th Tennessee .Cavalry, on duty in various quarters of the middle sectiontof the State. It might be supposed to be in. tended as a burlesque, but it is stated to 1 be a letter wrung from the writer by his troubles and perplexities. The following 1 are the most striking passages in this 3 strangeepistle:-"Iajor-GeneralThomas. \--Dear Sir,-Wliore a company boards at a hall-a-doien different places, ranging from 100 yards to a quarter of a mile front headquarters, is the orderly sergeant y bound to make out regular and irregular details, notify the men, and have them if ready to start on a scout or. other duty at e a moment's notice'? If the orderly sergeant tries to get the privates to fal ,e into roll-call. and privates tell him to go h- -, is the - orderly sergeant bound to d go there ? In cavalry service how often a, must the orderly sergeant notify a private to goon duty before he is clear of any wrong himzelf? And, aftei notifying private soldiers the proper number of times to go on duty, is the sergeant bound to catch and saddle all their horses, s; and after putting on all their equipments, g and furnishing those who by carelessness a- or otherwise have. no arms with the neces in sary weapons, to take said private soldiers d by the napes of 'their necks and the seats I, of, their breaches and put them in their saddles? After serving as orderly ser as geant in a company over thirteen months ig -the company being disorderly, unruly, n.. contentious, ' boarding-out' at as many It different points'of the compass from com at pany headquarters"as they" could find in places to board at, and being troublesome it 'goierally, and nsing every exertion to ;h gd'thte orderly sergeant toresign and re tiri to srinate life, in order that some one d of thso might get the 'high position' of d orderly' sergeant of the company, is it i treating said orderly sergeant withl justice ir -to take a private from the raniks-one of is the most contrary men, too (and I know to who is cositrary)--nd put him over said ; iergeannt as second lieutenant, just because as the colonel of the regiment is afraid of Id his men, and is afraid to take control of d and, govern them? If there is maiming and killing men a day or two afnRter their li surrender carried on by the menof aregi or ment whose duty it is to put a stop to e- such conduct-I mean if such conduct is o wrong P (If it is all right, no one ought e. to put a stop to it.) Have commissioned d officers, non.commissiohed officers, and rs privates in the United States' service any li- right to take horsesefrom the enemy and of sell them, and apply the proceeds of such as sales to thoeir own use P If so, an affirma-. \- tivro answer to that question may be of id great benefit to my wife and sick boy. If in such horse trading is lawful, I am willlng al to resgn my position as sergeant and wo r to tradlg n thiem.' I-can mak. it:pay I. itter, an4l so far s my dbservation- oes to it isa ggreat deal les troubleeiepeially' if rthe m'en board oat." · On these and other. it points 'the orderly sergeant, eritreatsethei: . co~imanding offic?b? to enlighten" him. ly The. correspondent of theo NVese York Tirme,.in 'sending 'ip the letter for pnubli. Scation, 'eharacterises it as by far the queerest war paperof the 'day..... THE FURTHER COUNTRY.-On Tuesid v some fifteenor twenty men passed throwu the township en route to SMr. Desaill stations, where we hear some extenvi,. improvements are about to be commencei among them a considerable cutting :. some miles into the Lachlan river, at a expenditure of some £7000 or £8n; The wages given are, we belive, £1 , per week and rations, while during 5t. period occupied in travelling a reduc. pay is allowed.-Deniliquin ChrLdicle. Mn. Liscot i' FRasT SP en.--ht Ab ham made-his first political speech . .1832, when nominfiated tbr the lllinm.i Iegislature; adi-thlis was it:-G entlem.e, fellow-citizens,-I presume you all know' who' I aem. I am humble Abraham Lie coln. I have been solicited by manlr friends to become a candidate for th'. Legislature. My politics are short al..l sweet, like an old woman's dance. I a:; in favor of a national bank. I am in favor of the internal improvement system, and a high protective tariff. These l.t e my sentiments and political principles. If elected, I shall be thankful. If not, it will be all the same." NEW ZEALAND CATTLE TRADE.-TWO proclamations by the Superintendent o, the Province of Wellington, New Zealand. have been issued, prohibiting the iml o; - tation of cattle from the several coloni., in the continent of Australia, the colen y of Tasmania, the colony of Cape of Goctl Hope, the province of New Plymouth in New Zealand, and the islands of Grca~ Britain and Ireland; provided that the if Superintendent may allow cattle to Le lauded from Great Britain and Ireland e subject to such conditions as he may d think the circumstances of each case shall )f require . 1. The scarcity of water, from the want e of rain, is becoming serious on some of the gold-fields. The Mount Alexander SMail remarks that 'to those having the t interest of this district at heart, its con dition from the want of water is truly distressing. On every hand, puddling i machines are standing idle, and only one t or two of the more higbly-favored crush. ing-nmahines are, with difficulty and ex' Spense, kept going. At present there ap. pears no likelihood of rain. Yesterday was a real Australian summer one; not a cloud intervened to shield the rays of the scorching sun, whicl seemed uninfluenced lby the light.ansmoky film occasioned by the bush-fires that in every direction tended to maintain a most uncomlortable and exhausting degree of heat." SHARPENIsao E"?E TooLS.-We trans. late the following from a German scien tific journal, for the benefit of our mechanics and agricultural luborers: "It has long been known that the sim -leat method of sharpening a razor is to pint it for half-an-hour in water to which , has hber. added onoe-tvenitieth of its rweight 'of muriatic or sulphuiic acid, then lightly wipe it off, and after a few hours set.it on a hone. The acid. here supplies the place of whet-stone by corroding the whole snrface uniformly, so that nothing further than a good. polish is necessary. The process never injures good blades, while badly hardened ones are frequently improved 'mby it, although the cause of such improvement remains unexplained. The mode of h sharpening here indicated would be found Sspecially advantageous for sickles and o sythes."-Mark Lane .E.pree.. I As a piece of news for the Argus, and at tihe seame time to furnish the public e with the truth, we may state that the escort returns from Wood's Point for the e three months ending. December 31st, t. 186, amounted to 18,935 oes. 10 dwats.; so that if the return upon which the Airgus 1C makes its calbulatioas be correct, there if remains 12.992 eos., as the result of the e alluvial work and the proceeds of the , Lochfyne. cruslhnsg. not included in the asibdivision reported upon. We leave the SArgus to settle itself upon the horns of a dilemma, feeling sure that a district so young which has yielded gold at the rate of 7031 ozs. per month for the last three f quarters of the year 1864, can very well manage to run alone without re li lying upon beingproperly represented by the Argus or even receiving its support; but at the same time we cannot refrain from pointing out the extreme caution it is necessary to exercise when reading tihe specious articles contained in the leading journal of the colony.-- ountlaineer. t The female domestic dilficulty is illus n trnted by the Daylo.sfrd Mercury as as follows :-"The wia of a professional it gentleman residing in this town, last week tr hired a female servant at one of the Mel a bourne marts; wages £36 per annum; at work, to keep a four-roomed cott-ago y clean, to cook and. wash for the family, 11 two in number. The young lady, who to has been in the colony six months, reached eo Daylesford on Thursday last, her fare i (26s 6d) being paid for her. On Monday, to she gave notice that she intended quitting iy the service. 'What do you want to ig leave forP' inquired her mistress. 'Alt of sure, insa'am, the -work's a dale too hard.' at 'Too hard ! Wht do you mean ?' Oh, ms, na'amn, doesn't master put on a clean ; shirt and another pair of stockings every ss day, and who can stand that? Sure, s. didn't I think he'd be wearing ia coloured rs shirt!' Her mistress remonstrated with ts the foolish girl, but without avail; the air valuable 'help' was inexorable, and she r-. is now seeking another situation. This is Itse a positive fact." If, The Geelong circuit court commenced ay its sittings on Tuesday, and the whole of n thie criminal business on thie calendar was ad got through. Thie offences, with two ex no eaptions, were ligl t In that ofan aboxli. to gainl, charged witi the murder of a man e- belonging to hIis own tribe, there was an eo acquittal, on a 'curious point which was of raised as to receiving as evidence the it dying deposition of an aboriginal. Mr. co Aspinall, wrho appeared for the prisoner, of objected to sucnl a document being ad sw mitted. He held that, to render such id testimony of any value, there must be at oc least prima fa?ne proof that the person of making it had a belief in a stae of flstura of reward and punishssent. The liability to Stemporal puniehment for making a false i statemnent was of no arvail in such a ease, \- for it was simply' tantamount to saying to that when the declarator was dead. his is body should be put in gaol. The point ht was argued at some length, and 'finally a ed lubra, named Lizzie, was, at tihe nstance ad of Mr. Thomas, the guardian of abori. y glnes. placed in the box and examinied an d to her religious .belief. At first eshe lh scarcely comprehea'dcd thie menuinif of a. the'questions put to her but after n little of time she gave a' 'ery ielarand satisfactbry if. exposition of 'the natire notion' of fiuture ig rewards and 'pnishments, His Hoior, o howevear, expressed himself as not still. y eiently satisfied, because the woman 'ad s mitted that she neither went to church if nor' ehpel; and the deposition of tihe r. dying man .was therefore rejected. Mr. To: 'rhonias'incidentally mentioned, during 1 thse prbgrbss bftthe trial, that only thirty " aborigines.remained : but it is to bepre i. sumed that the statement had reference a only "to the tribe to' which' deoe~iased bholonged. Accounts .from tho Far i orlhtth eport ncreoasing distress from wrant f-rain. Great efforts tre being madeto Procure inspector Potinger's reinstatemnent. The racehorse 'Tarragon was landed in Adelaide without a scratcli.' Thelhalf- caste, Bobby, convicted of rape pon a woman in the south=eastern district, .ias been seiitenced to 10 years' imprison nient, with hard labour. IsQUIRY BYr AN AnGRcULTrauiL SrOCK BIaoEa.--WVbat are plough shares in the mnarket?-- Punh. \--A NEw "ORDEa."- The editor of nn Ohio palier publishls thfe names of his subscribers who pay up promptly- under the head " Legion of Honr." " lATrrra or Hisrorr.--Whieh of Lord Byron's servants did he probably like best P-Most likely his Mad-fred. P.unch. CUnIors CASIns ron COMPENSATION. -Among the claimis for compensation for danages sustained by the late inundation at Sheffielil are several of a niovel and amusing character. A rat catcher put in a clnimi because the rats he used to claim had been drowned bytthe flood. A grocer made a claim blecduse n numbier of his customers liad been drownedd; and a surgeon asked for dimages because nimany ladies, whotn' e would otlheru'ise )rare had to attend in their confinements, had been swept away. Tile visit to these wnters of the Con fedesrate cruiser Shenandoah has led to the tabling of two motions in thie Legis. latiro Council. The one, by 'Mr. tlighett is for the produntiori of copies of all in tslriclions received: fiom the home Go .vernument relativo to" the reception of sliips of war belonginga to belltierect powers which nm?iy arrive ii tliis port. Tlie other. by Mr.. Cole, is for the pro \- duetioi ofthle 'coi'rcDpondehco whlich took 'place :betiwecn tle Govrenient and Coaptans Widdel. h.il eleetions' and quaclificuiions com S nitteo of' the Legislative Assembly sat osagin on Tldsday, for the purpfose of hearing ciouns?'with respect to costs in. the mnatter of th. Sandrigo election. Mr.: -: onny was licaid in suppbrt'of an appli cation that the petition might be declared fiivolous and vexatious: . Mr. "G. 1. Smrnith proceeded to reply, bui anas in formed:that it was lnnecessary for him to do so, beyond the Iqustion of costs as regarded witnessess:. Wheln le had' con cladcd;e the 'committee deliberated, and aftesrwards announced that they lhad come \--='to the followiing decision :--Thlmtthe peti lion 'a's neither frisilous nor veiations; -"c:hnd that tmhe committee saw no'redson' to .:.declare any objection 'to any particular. elector. frirolous or vexatious. Theimre sult of the decision is that botl parties hare to bear their own expeases. The annuarl meeting of 'the Ballanrat Building Society was'held at the 'Mfehan ics' Institute on:Thursday evening, 'Mr. WV.Cameron in the chlnir. The following report was read n"nd" adopted:-- The committee in submitting their third nn nual report,' with thie accompanying a balance sheet; have the pleasuro'-to an. t nounce the steady, and "satisfiaetcr- pro-. gress of the society. The premiulis paid .by borrowing muembers on twenty siares, satisfied during the past year, have aver.' aged £38 iper share, and the estimated profits secured for the investing members during the three years of the societyi'se Cx istence, amount to £19 7s 0W per share. The arrears d?e 'lby borrowing members,: amounting to £237 12s, although exceed ang the preyious average, is no indication of a decline in the securities held, all the lonns" inido; by the society-: being in a healthy and satisfactory conditi.on. 'he committee harm-n commenced thoiyr y with a' liability. of £3500, have approlri :atd the income mainly to the liquidation of this amount, whici hnas redaced thdl :number of shares satisfied befoir tliat of :previous years ; but the' prospects of the ::npproaching season are such as to encour. age the ed?ectatiosn of a large increasei;to the operations and profits of the society during the current year." The ba lance sheet, which was also adopted, showed that the 'society's operations had been' highly' sueressftll. A Apioliit of £7806 5s 9d nh tlio three ,years business 'was shown,, or a :.profit iof £19 7s 0(d on each share. These results, inust be very gratifying to tihe investors and they certainlycompare very favorably irith the operations of the Melbourne naSI General Building: Societyiwicles ?was b . tablish 'ed abott thl', same, time. The. latter society's 'bahlnee sheet :shows a profit per share of only £16 3si 8 s'd, while the different" policy observed ..by. the Bal.lanrt Society in regard to working on borrowed Capital, may really, be,taken as making the profit per slhare still, more in favor, of the, local: socicty, by s.ome 2 At least, this is. tllo c.alilation made by Sthe very cnpable actuary of tllo Ballaarat i. oeioty, whoso conlusions we Iea;, no " reason to dispute. After the reports had i een discussed and adoptd tleo. election rf officers was prgqcecded .witll, Messrs J. ILendersol and..A, .Anderson .were elected trustees in thoeroom of Messrs 'Park g;di :fassgl resigned. , Messrs. "i?rrigt,, J oges, T'1. 1Eyres,.:rSui.n. and h.:?oppee were el cted as a comnmittoo fop - the ensulng: yearn, n,di? Messrs faukpy eind., 1n0wan woro re-olectedi auditors Tihe meeting closedwith a voto of thanks to the cshnir.,. -: .The Board of Trade -:returns for the rmonth of: October2 were?.issued to- day.. ,Ve subjoin a statement of ,the: total do . clared. glue of, the exports ofBiritislh and Irishlprsqducq and mnu!ififtures for the o month and ttel lonths in lthe last thhree years:- r S For the mn(thil. F,r the ten moantlhse el .18512 ...tO18,816,835 ... £103,519,29 fo 18603 ... '15,03 2 .. , 119,377,045 18614 .. 1,871,491 ... 1361,27i,652 ' The montli's exports areo shiosn to han~ beon less by 2,2t0,841', or 14:, peri cent. than in the same month of 1803, but ly larger' by £d,024?,t5,5 o 10 poer cot., than in in 5Oetober, 1862; while, as; ieggrds thbi& ten months' cobiparison, the nrieaseo is4 11.,898,607, or 14 per cent., over 1883; b Sand 32,756,383;r 1 i. per pent;, over 18112: b; ; Those figures 'afforid evidenco of the fi eriousa check. which has beei given to the export trade by the eseptionid'eon dition ': of our. nondy ?iarket, A dcre~Iso of £2,210,811 or 14 Iei" cent, ii thd ibxports S.for October,qs co?ompred lvitlha thi samo mionth of isgt yeqr, ubeds no' ommant, more esectilly wlion it is''borne in mihndT tht ast, alsboo slisIT, thioe xports 'r th ' ten montlis, of 1861 'hilev: exceeded those iH of?t?l ten months of 18b0 bj no oss tihai ,"£16,89 8,i 7, or 14 poi 'cdnt. It cno searcely bedoubtcd thgt, hadl it not bo forthe..abstacles ioterposed by the con- 7 ".ditobnofth'o discoust market,, ur', expr! u'tbesiess woeld tiaro made as goi~d p.ro T gr?:?ess October as it did in tlho prevlmous T -spntl ofthe 'yg?r, 't rests with th sol ,bigottd ~idvocates .of .tlhe Bank Charter SAct to denmonstrat iteo ::tho th , t a o , systemn wslhich thihus erreste trad nd a Io-labren tlihlr uresperors caecr, lj pr :"dosing,' in tlsd intrc'esl? of b' limitedc :-ji jt i fidit' faihneo"t tle eriuilnting, 18) 'medium, is ndsnlitaigsos to this inditsail and f:iooboiml country.- 2ls T "Timac, l'pve 24r 