MONDA Y, DECEMBER 11, 1865. The second of "the two able lawyers" who entered an appoarance before his constituents at Prahran on Friday even- ing, is certainly second in the order of importance as well as of time. Fo" a long period it has been apparent that Mr. Michie is content to play second fiddle to his more earnest and impas- sioned coadjutor. The equal with Mr. Higinbotham: in official rank, ac- cording to express stipulation on entering the Cabinet, Mr. Michie has not been equal to Mr. Higin- botham in any public appearance whicTi has been made by both daring the late protracted Parliamentary campaign. This has been matter for speculation, and cause for wonder, too. There is no one more ambitious than Mr. Michie ; no slight charm, therefore, can bave been thrown over Lim to compel bim to yield precedence in the Cabinet and in Parliament to his more resolved and eaioest associate. The fact may be owing to the mere force of the enthusiasm of the Attorney-General's character upon the fickle temperament of his volatile colleague, or it may be that the indis- putable sincerity for which, with a1! his errors and conceit, Mr. Higinbotham is remarkable, has extorted an involuntary homage from the member for St. KPda, to whom sincerity and consistency have proved to be impracticable virtues. Of course, Mr. Michie pretends to have been consistent, and declares that he is sincere ; but the man who recklessly flings about him charges of falsehood and hypocrisy in reference to his opponents, is the man of all others to be suspected of indulging the most in these odious vices. It would have been strange if so expert a nisi pñus pleader had noi made out a plausib'e case before his constituents, especially when assisted by those rhetorical arts of which he is so con- summate a muster. It may be questioned, however, whether any one left the town hall at Prahran, on Friday even'og, with any other impression than that he had been listening to a clever orator, who had contrived to make many of his audience for- get the subject in hand by concentrating tbeir attention upon his rhetoricid arti- fices. Mr. Michie is probably content to have achieved sucli a result. If so, we wish him joy of his triumph, and the Min'«try joy of the possession of so dexterous a juggler. No one, however, who has marked Mr. Michie's career will have been imposed upon by his cunning ad- dress, as no one will be disposed to envy him the position which he occupies in relation to his colleagues. The con- stituency to which be appea^d for a renewal of tbeir confidence have the honour to be represented by a gentle- man who, dubious as to tbe force of his personal character, and feeling himself in danger of sinking in the mire, clings to the skirts of the Attorney-General and of the Minister of Lands ! In Mr. Michie's ad captandum appeal to his audience as a consistent land refoiiner, he really presumed too far upon their patience and credulity. When, it will be asked, during his long career, has ho enunciated h's faith in the American system which he now pra'ses 1 Did he imagine that any of his audience could bo cajoled into be- lieving that he was but the political double of Mr. Wilson Gray, that great apostle of the seleclion-before-survey Bystemî We aro utterly at a losa to rccal the time and the circum- stances in which Mr. Michie has shown himself to be the foo to the squattocracy on the one hand, and the earnest advocate of an agrarian law upon the other. All that occurs to memory at the moment is Mr. Michie's sarcastic allusions to tho efforts of land reformers whom he represented as little bettor than dreamers, who imagined that agri cultural settlement could be facilitates by any artificial expedients i whatever The credit which should be taken bj Mr. Michie to himself and his col leagues for the settlement of the lam question is that belonging to thoso who at the close of an arduous campaign, corni in to Bhare the honours of a victory-i victory it should prove. It certainly required all the artific and all the effrontery of which Mi Michie is possessed, to pretend that h has been guilty of no inconsistency i reference to his free-trade profession: Who that remembers his repudiation c JonN Stuart Mill's exception: clause, aa scarcely less than an imper- tinence in political economy, "will acquit bim of tbe guilt earned by a renegade, when found now not simply apolo- gising for tbe rejected tariff, as im pored upon tbe Ministry by the force of circumstances, but actually defending it Î Mr. Michie, with the sleight-of- hand which we look for in the conjuror, holds up to view the figures ¿£150,000 old duties remitted, and then the like figures of £150,000 new duties imposed. Where, he asks, is the incon- sistency of a change of duties with the doctrine of free trade ? No one knows better than Mr. Michie that his presen- tation of the matter was fallacious. As a correspondent pertinently observes : "No amount of duty impose i on t:~. and sugar would be a protective duty, Bimply because tea and BUgar aro not produced in th's colony ; the amount levied on Bach is Bimply regulated in référença to tbe consumption, so that it may not press too heavily on con- sumers, and bo defeat ita object by reducing consumption. But to impoBo taxes on wear- ing apparel, bo as to enhance the value of the colonial-made article, is an infringement of the principles of free trade, no matter what may be the amount of such enhance- ment, great or small." We cannot stop to point out other fallacies in Mr. Michie'8 laboured ad- dress, although it is set thick with them Nor is it necessary. The bon. and learned gentleman's character is pretty well understood by this time. For this very reason it is unnecessary that we should do more than caH attention to his studied attempt to make it appear that the opporition which the Ministry have encountered has been attributable to an unholy alliance of squatters and others anxious to prevent the success of the Land Act, If it could be shown by even a scintilla of evidence that such an alliance has existed or exists, Mr. Michie might be excused, but as he cannot produce proof, or even show ground for probable conjecture, that it has been caused by anything else than b/ the reckless and illegal course taken by the Ministiy, in many instances, Mr. Michie's charges must be classed among the invectives in which certain bel- dames indulge when fairly worsted in a fray. If anything more were needed to show how thoroughly alarmed the Minister of Justice is as to h's political prospecte, Lis alliance with Mr. Crews, and that devoted patriot's abnegation of se"; for the sake of his co representative, would furnish th e proof required. Michie and Crews ! Tempora mutanlur, nos et mutamur in iVis. Three or four years since, ii another town- hall, not far from the scere of Friday evening last, Mr. Michie selected as his type of the mischievous mobocrat the gentleman to whom he now convulsively clings for patronage and help ! Meetings continue to be hold, and other electioneering proceeding3 ara in progress, in anticipation of tho dissolution of Parliament. Mr. FianciB Quinlan was at Kyneton on Saturday, addressing a meeting of electora of Dalhousie, for the representation of which constituency ho is a cmdidate. To- morrow evcniriR Mr. E. Mulray Smith, who intends to contc3i "Williamstown with Mr. Verdon, ?will malse a public declaration of his political sentiments; and Mr. L. L. Smith, one of the sitting membara for South Bourke, will hold a meeting at Hawthorn. Mr. Dane proposes to offer himself to Warr- nambool for re-election, and will attend a public meeting in that borough imme- diately after the arrival of the European mail. The Banner of Belfast states that Mr, G reeves has intimated his intention of not again seeking the suffrages of that consti- tuency, and that no candidate for the dis- trict has yet besn fixed upon by the Minis- terial party. Tho Ballarat Star says that a great many signatures have bean affixed to a requisition to Mr. Aspinall to contint Gren- ville. Mr. Macgregor is unable, through illness, to visit his constituent? ; but the M'lvor Times declares that his election can be conducted " without troubling him in any way, or putting him to any expense what- ever." At a meeting of the sleators of tho Avoca district, held on Wednesday evening at Avoca, a committee was appointed " to secure the return " of Mr, Grant and Mr. Davies "freeof ccot." On Saturday evening a meeting wag held, at the Old England Hotel, Heidelberg, to elicit the opinion of the electors as to what candi- dates Bhould be supported at the ensuing election. The Hon. Mr. Jenner was ci'ledto the chair. Mr. Fridham said the coming election would be one of moBt vital import- ance, and it therefore behoved the electors to consider wel' whom they would suppDrt, as many falEC issues would bo raised, to throw the electors off the'r guard. In his opinion, the question was, whether the people were to have a real power or only a sham one. It waa moved by Mr. Fridham, and seconded by Mr. Boswell-" That this meeting thank the Go- vernment and the majority of the Legis- lative Assembly for thoir zjalous endea- vours to promote the prospeilty of, and to maintain tho rights and liberties of the people; and hereby resolves to sup- port the return only of Ministerial can- didates at tho ensuing election." It was moved by Mr. Studley, and seconded by Mr. Wadeson-" That the electors are hereby requested not to pledge themselves to any particular candidate, but to reserve their choice until the whole of the candidates and their principles be lally ascertained; and that the electors of the different eleotoral divisions of East Bourke favourable to the views enunciated at this meeting be invited to form committees, and namo correspond- ing secretaries, to act in unison in deciding upon and supporting proper candidates." It was moved by Mr. Sherwood, and seconded by Mr. O'Mora-" That a committee be appointed in accordance with the foregoing resolution, Mr. Sherwood to b3 the secretary." All the resolutions were carried, only one band being held up asaiint them. A rather amusing scene occurred during the evening. The chairmaD, before putting the second resolu- tion, was about to favour the meeting with a speech, but had hardly got over the first sen- tence when Mr. O'Keefe objc3K_ to the chairman Icing heard, he not bsing an elector. The meeting wore, for hearing Mr. Jenner, but Mr. O'Keefe persisting, he was voted out ; but instead of delivering a spc;:h, he simply thenked the electors for putting him in the chair, and bruie them good night. The business to be submitted to the City Council this aftemcon, in addition to tho usual routine mattei;, includes several items of more than ordinary importance.. One of these is a report of the Public Works Com- mittee on the subject of water supply, arising out of a suggestion from the water and sew- erage department, that the practice of water- ing the streets of the elly by water-carts should bo returned to. Another report of til o same committeo recommends a conference wilh the councils and road boards within the metropolitan limits of tbe public works statute, 'with a view of makins arrangements for the formation a Metropolitan Board of Works for the purchase of the waterworks, and carrying ont of a complete system of sewerage. The Health Committee will aleo bring up a report in favour of communication with the East Collingwood Council, suggesting the desirability of their deferring the construction of drains until a general system of draine -;e for the metropolitan districts north of the river can be decided upoD. It would appear from the introduction of these propo;'t'.or'i that the council is now fully alive to the importance of the tubjeci, and of takins prompt and energetic action towards t^e supplying of a long-felt and ever-increasing need. The bazaar in aid of fie Melbourne Orphan Asylum-one of the mo3t successful ever held in Melbourne-has not yet terminated. On Saturday tho doors were opened at noon (two horns earlier than on the four pre- vious days), and from that lime until ton o'clock p.m. the building was crowded with visitors. There wes again a vocal concert by several lady and gentlemen sincera, both amateur and professional, and in the evening the baud of the Collingwood Rifles per- formed some of their best marches. Mr. David Lee, organist of St. Mark's Church, played several organ solo3 in tho after- noon. Successful as were the first four days of the bazaar, none of them compared with Saturday ia productiveness, the amount realised on the last named day being nearly ¡£800, and this notwithstanding that many of the articles went at a positive sacrifice-a most unusnal thing at a bazaar-owing to tbe desire of the lady stallholders ta tarml nate their business on the day otlginally ad- vertised for closing without resort to an auc- tion. The receipts of ihe week were as under. -Tuesday (first day), £379 Kb. ; Wc.1ne:day,' £446 17s. 8d.; Thursday, £43113i.; Friday, £288 13s. ; Saturday, £741 7s. lid : total, £2,306 Is. 7d. This amount ia exclusive of the sum of £116 to b3 handed In by tho con- gregation of one of the Melbourne churches In lien of a stall, and a donation of £3 3s. from Signor Católo. There are still some goods to be disposed of, and for tliis purpose the bazaar will remain open a few hours too- day and tomorrow ; and we understand that there will be such a reduction ia price3 as will cause an entire clearanca. The music-1 entertainments given In connexion with the bazaar have been creditable alike to the talents and the genercsity of the profe3sors and amateurs who gratuitously afforded their services. We have received from Mr. Stephens copies of his beautifully illuminated card almanac for 18G5. Mr. Sturt desires to acknowledge the receipt of £6 5s. from Mr. J. Sutherland, and £3 3*. from Mr. Travers Adamson, in aid of the Melbourne Orphanage bazaar fund. The results of the Civil Service exami- nation, conducted on Thursday last, will be ascertained on Tuesday, the 19th inst., and will be made known through our columns on the next day. There were 372 prisoners under detention at the Central Gaol on Saturday last, classified as follows :-Awaiting trial before the Su- preme Court, 11 males, 5 females ; before magistrates, 19 males, 3 females ; at other stations, 3 males ; under sentence to road gang, 7 males ; to hard labour, 133 males, l8 females. Detained for imprisonment only, 93 males, 35 females; as lunatics, G malea, 3 females ; in default of ball, 19 males, 7 females ; as debtors, 4 males, 1 female. Total, 300 males, 72 females. Four new attorneys were admitted In the Supieme Couri on Saturday, the lest doy of Hilary Temi. In the Supreme Court, on Saturday, a sep3iat3 application w_s male on bakalf of the Crown, in each of the vaiioui tariff actions, for leave to appeal under the statute for facili- tating appaals to the Privy Council. In two of the cases where the verdict was under -SOO, leave to appeal was^ refused. As to the other cases, the Coutt said that the same points were involved in all. If the Crown would r.nandon the separata applications, and uurj'üidate them a'l Into one on the whole of the points involved, and alco paj the amount of tho verdict in each caie, taking security for a return of the money ii the appeal were successful, the Coart wonld grant a consolidated appaal. The Crown re- fused to accept the:e tarma. The application for leave to appeal under the statute wa< therefore refused. In the case of the Queen v. Mackenzie walden, a rale nisi for a mandamus to t warden on the gold fields was made abjolutt by the Supremo Court on Saturday, dlrectln; him to hear a complaint which he had refusée to hear. Th e Court also noticed with censun a fact sworn to hy one Bide, and not contra dieted by the other, that after a warden' decision had been made, on the 3lst July, an< the warden's clerk had, at the dictation of th warden, entered in his book the decision thus, " Application refused," and after a cer tlfkd copy of the entry of such decision ii that form had bean given by the warden' clerk on the 4th AuguBt, and registered witl the mining registrar, the said entry In th warden's book was " altered by the additioi after the word 'refused,' of the words ' a 1 there was no appearance for defendant.' " The police believe that they bave succeede in capturing the burglats by whom th daring and systematic depredations whic have been reported within the last weak c two have bcon committed. A man name William Chambars wes brought bafore th City Court on Saturday, by Detective Hut eon, on the charge of bang concerned wit another man, previously remanded, In th burglary at the house of Mr. Mark L. King, week ago. Two men named John Suthe land, and James Howard, who had been a rested by Deteotlve Black, charged with burglary and extensive robbary at the Glas house Hotel, East Collingwood, on the 6t i_st" were also brought before the Coutt, an with the prisoner before mentioned, wore r rnanded till Tuesday next, when the casi will be proceeded with. James Wallis, who has for some time fill« a respectable position in Melbourne as timber-merchant in an extensive way of bus ness, was brought before the City Court on Saturday morning, and remanded till Friday next, on the charge of forging bills exchange to the amount of from £5,000 £6,000. No statement of the case was mad and no evidence was called, but upon inquiry we learn that the charge arose in the following manner. A considerable time ago Mr. Wallis made an arrangement with Mr. A. B, Wardrop who was working a saw-mill somewhere in the country which he held as security for a loan by virtue of which timber prepared at the mill was to be consigned to Mr. Wallis for disposal. He disposed of a good deal timber in this manner, receiving In payment bills drawn by him and accepted by the purchasers. These bills were passed to Mr. Wardrop, and negotiated by him at his bank (the Colonial) It has been recently ascer tained by Mr. Wardrop that a large number of bills thus received by him from Mr. Wallis during the last nine or ten months, a afterwards endorsed to the bank, bore what purported to be acceptances, bat the names were those of persons who have no existence and consequently the bills were valueless. The sum represented by bills which have been found to bear fictitious acceptances amounts, as before stated, to £6,000 or £6,000. The prisoner, it appears, has a defence to offer, but in the meantime, the Bench declined to accept ball. At tho Emerald-hill Petty Sessions, on Saturday (before Messrs. Finlay, Whiteman, Martin, and Gardner), John Parker was fined for leaving bis horse and cab unattended. Two boys named Jack Bon, brought up as neglected children, were sent to the Indus- trial Schcol for five years. Their father went io Hokltlka come months ago, leaving them in charge of a woman who now declared that she was unable any longer to support them. The following rewards from the poltco fund have been paid in the couk3 of the week:-"To Constable Luke Mills (982), at Malvern, tho sum of £5 for his energy and courage in the re-arre3t of Enoch Buck, under circumstances of difficulty and danger. This man had, after sentonce for anothor offence, escaped from custody, and on balng again brought before the Bench was sen- tenced to one year in irons for escaping fiom legal custcdy, and assaulting a con- stable in the execution of his duty. To Detectives (third cla^s) Hugo Johannes Christen (2,081), and John Duncan (2,088,) at Melbourne, £3 each, for their tact and couran in the arreBt of ceveral gambier?, under cir- cumstances of risk and difficulty. To Con- stable Edward Flanagan (1,915), at Molbourne, the sum of £3, for his promptitude and atten- tion in the arrest of James Humphries and El'zjbeth Fatrell, for highway robbsry. The following rewards have been made in acknowledgement of the part taken by vari- ous mombsrs of the police force in connexion with the prosecution of David Young, lately executed for the murder of Mary Ann Gra- ham:-To Senior-constable Henry Michael Brady (131), at Daylesford, £35; Detective (first class) Thomas Walker (1,272), at Dayles- ford, £30 ; Detective (first class) John Wil liams (1,298), at Melbourne, £30; Constable Henry Wilkinson (1,457), at Smeaton, £25 ; Detective (first class) David Rourke (1,103), at Castlemaine, £15 ; Sergeant (second class) Lau rence Whelan (1,277), at Daylesford, £5 ; De- tective (second class) Otto Berliner (1461), at Melbourne, £5; Constable Bernard Conlon (783), at Daylesford, £2; Constable James Dawson (345), at Daylesford, £2; Constable Thomas Grelis (458), at Glenorchy, £2; Con- stable Samuel Mansell (981), at Daylesford, £2; Constable John Sullivan (1,165), at Daylesford, £2 ; and Constable Robert Tandy (1,757), at Maldon. £2. The convict Griffiths has besn executed at Hobart Town, for the Glenorchy murders. He protested his innocence to the last. A man namrd Michael Walker wa3 taken to the hcipital yesterday afternoon, suffering; from the effect of some se-riouB injuries to tho face and Bide, caused by bis boing jammed between the wheel of a spring cart, which he was driving, and a wall. It wn considered by the surgeons that bil sir.to was a very ciitical one. Mr. Candler held an inquest on Saturday at Mulgrave, on the body of Nicholps George Pearco, ap;rd six years, con of a farmer living at Mulgrave. On Fiiday morning deceased was sent by his mother on rome errand, and not returning at tbe time expected, tearch was mado for him, and his body was found in a neighbouring waterhole. The verdict wai, " That decesssd was accidental'y drowned." Joseph Ohc3. Hairis, who had been arrested, on warrant, on a charge of threatening the life of Anne end Robt. Scott Iugles, was brought before the Richmond Polic3 Court on Saturday, and remanded until tho 13th inst. Inqucets were held by the district coroner on Saturday, on two decea-.cd inmate? of the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, named Richard WoKe, aged twenty-iwo years, ad I mittcd Decsmbar £7, 1864 ; and Anthony Canagban, r^rd twenty-four ye^rs, admitted Marsh 17, 1864 In the former case death wes Bhown to be tho rosult, of disea^o of the brain, in the latt°.r of ab3ce3ss3 in the liver. In the report of Mr. N. Levi's spiesh to the electors at Maryborough on Thursday last, the quantity of sugar in bond wai stated at 8.CC0 begs. Mr. Levi's figure was 80,000 bogj. Wetîkcfbe fol'owing from the Tasmanian Morninj Herald :-" A few days since tho son 1 of Mr. Joseph Richards, of Macquarie Piara*, saw one solit-uy salmon playing in shallow water in Mr. Price's sheepwash, at the head of tbe Derwent, Macquarie Plains. Master Richards is quito certain it was a salmon, the same ai those in the salmon ponds, which ha had scon La fore. The salmon in question appeared to te: about ona foot in length." The heat in the country during the week seems to have been more Bovere than it was in Melbourne. We obssrve from the Talbot Leader that on Thursday an extensive bush- fire took piece between Talbot and Mary- borough. The conflagration, which extended ovir a distance of three miles, is described as having been most terrific, huge trees falling in every direction, and the vast sheets of (lame that arc: 2 as each " giant of the fores!." fell a victim to the flames were very grand. Near Kyneton, also, bush-fires prevailed. Tho Observer says:-"On Fiiday the heat was most oppreceivo, and two or three buBh- fires were seen bnrning in various directions-one on Mount Macedon, and one apparently in tho Jim Crow-rcsd, burnt fiercely all day and wn not extinguished at night." Wa tnke the following from the Geelong Advertiser :-" There are no less than from thiity to forty cases of ophthalmia and low fever among the children of the Industrial School in Kyric-strcet, hut none of the cases are of a serions character. Indeed, the late officia1, medical inspection showed a much cleaner bill of health at the local institution than at Sunbury, and if care and attention to cleanliness and diet be any safeguard against sickness, the local school should be particularly free from disease of any kind. It must, however, bs borne in mind that theEe infants are the cast outs chiefly of Bomo of the dirtiest dens and stews of our most populous towns, and that disease is biought into, and not engendered Id, the asylum it- self." We have the following information as to the state of the crops from the Warrnambool Examiner :-" In the early part of the week some fine showeis of rain fell throughout the district, adding greatly to the chances ol good crops for the season. The crop3 from Colac down to Warrnambool look very wal', with the exception of oats, which appeal generally to be a failure throughout the colony. In most instances tho crop is belnj cut down for hay. Whon we state that the crops look very well from Colao to Wannan* bool, our readers must not understand thal there is that breadth of country under cul ture. We only allude, of course, to when there aro crops, there not b3lng in this dia trict anything like the extent of land unde crop in comparison with our great grain growing periods. There is, however, a larg extent of land planted with potatoes, and 1 the esculent is worth a paying price thl season our farmers have a good prospect be fore them." " The prisoner Thomson, who escaped fron the Geelong Gaol," says tho Advtrtistr, "»n viblB arrested in Adelaide, is reported ta have effected another cltver escape ftom tho South AuBtiollon authorities. Whl'st under re- mand, he obtained patmksion-b:lng of an activo turn of mind-ti work in a gardon adjacent to the Adelaide Gaol, which was overlooked by n warder. The ' det:nu ' inanfgcd to get access to the clothe, he had been deprived of when ai.c3ted, and bafore he was invested in the gaol habiliments. He made an trEgy by stuffing out the prison suit with the refuse of the garden, and placed it In a position leaning over a spade, thus creating an illusion that he wai intently engaged in disging. Ckallenscd by the ?warder, the effigy made no sign, when it occurred to the vigilant officer that possibly ihe Victorion runaway bad been afUlcicl with a sunstroke, the thermometer at the lime approximating to ninety. The circum- stance was pioptrly and promptly reported. The cfligy was found Bupportad by the spade ; but Thomson from that day ha", not been heaid of, and his la'tescape from 'durance' 3b more clever than tho ono ho effeatel be- forehand." On the Melbourne Cricket-ground, on Saturday afternoon, there was a consider- able attendance of spectators to witness the match between eleven of the twelve cricketers from whom the intercolonial team will be chosen, and seventeen players selected from the Richmond and East Melbourne Clubs, with R. W. Wardill, who will be one of the representatives of Victoria in the intercolonial match. The chief feature of the game was the small score made on each side. The eighteen, owing principally to the effective bowling of Wills and Conway, were all disposed of in their first innings, for 60 ; but the Eleven only scored 41, Kelly heading the list with 8\. The bowling of James and Downes, which the Eleven had to contend against, was certainly remarkably good, and with eighteen smart men in the field, it is not very easy to run up a score ; but it must be admitted that the batting was not up to the mark. The Eleven will have to make a better show of batting in the approaching match, or it is more than probable that the victory will be with the New South Wales cricketers. The details of the eoore are as follow :-Tbe Eighteen-First Innings -Moiilmor, run out, 0: Wardill, c Stewart, b Conway, 9; Gorman, c Fowler, b Wills, 4; V. Cameron, 1 b w, b Wills, 10 ; Tlemlng, run ont, 2 ; Yewers, b Conway, 7 ; Downes, b Conway, 0; Jamc3, b Conway, 1 ; A. Campbell, b Conway, 1 ; Simmond?, b Wil's1, 1 ; Birk myre, b Wills, 0; J. Stawart, rnn out, 0; Hnndfield, c Kee:, b Conway, 3 ; J. O. Stawart, b Wills, 1 ; O'Mullane, c Conway, b Wills, 7; Thomas, b Wills, 1; Wray, b Conway, 3; Davidson, not out, 4 ; byes, 3 ; leg-byes, 3, Total, CO. The Eleven-First innings-Gibson, c O'Mullane, b James, 0 ; Phillips, c Mortimer, b Jomc3; Conway, b Jamc3, 7; Kelly, b Downes, 8 ; Fowler, b James, 5 ; Greoves, c James, b Downca, 7 ; W. Campball, o Stawart, b James, 0 ; W. C. Reos, b Downes, 2 ; Turnor, c Stewart, b Jame?, 6; Wilkie, not out, 1; Wills, b Downes, 0 ; byes, 2; le_-bye, 1; wide, 1 ; total, 41. When the Btumps were drawn, the united team had made fifteen In their second innings, with theloEB of three wickets, The score was-Wray, ron out, 3 ; Mortimer, not out, 11; Birkmyro, b Wilkie, 1; J. C, Stewart, b Wilkie, 0. Mortimer gave an easy catch in the second inning?, which was not taken. A rifle match between the St. Kilda and East Melbourne Artillery corps tcok placo at the Sandtidge Butts, on Saturday. The Eist Melbourne men fire! with breach-loading carbines, and scored G61 points, while the St, Kilda men, who UBed Lancaster rifles, ob- tained a total of 702, and won by 41 points. Captain Stokes headed the bat with 88, and Lieu ti nant Sargood, on the other side, was next, with 79. " Airnh-na Pogue," and that capital farce, " The Captain's not a-Miei" constituted the programme at the Theatre Royal, on Satur- day. There was a gocd house. Tho Irish melodrama will be repeated this evening, and also on Wednesday, when Mr. Harwood, whose Mike Feeney has bean a feature of the performance, take3 a b ncfit. Tho season at the Haymarket Theatre will be brought to a clere this evening with a complimentary benefit, tendered by the dra- matic company, to Mr. Hoakim-a popular manager and an admirable comedian. Cole* man's " Poor Gentleman" is the piece selected, and Mr. Ilorjklns will play Cornet Ollapol On Saturday the Lenton troupe made their last appearance previous to the Christmas pantomime. The athletes went through som« of their mest striking feats with their nsual dash and skill. The Mesira. Rldgeways Samwelis, Nilson, Skelton, and tho othei membeiB of the troupe, nero In turn rcaallec to receive the plaudits of the audience. Goldsmith's comedy, "She Stoops to Con quer," waa performed at thePrincesa's Theatri on Saturday night. Miss Joey Qou_enhein asMlBs Hardca8tle, was vivacious and pleasing and Mrs. Phillipa bad quita a congenia character as Mrs. Hardcastle, though occa sionally she passed from the bounds o comedy to burlecquo. Tho best piece o action waa that of Mr. W. B. Gill, aa Ton; Lump- in. He portrayed the eccantrlcltie' of the " young hopeful" to the life, and wa heattily applauded. The other prominen characters did not appear to advanta^o, bul taken altogether, the play went very smoothly Ill-Treated Trovatore," the burlesquo whiol had heeu played during the whole of the weak waa repented after the comedy, and evokeJ as usual, rounds of laughter and acclama tion. _ 