MONDAY MARCH 6 1865 I --- I If would be an impertinence to dis- claim all feelings of gratification at the result of the trial of Urquhart versus The Argus. At the same time, we should be untrue to our vocation and our trust, if that gratification was not very con- siderably enhanced by the reflection that our triumph is really the triumph of the community. The province of jour- nalism, like the province of the Privy Council, has never boen defined, yet no one would dispute that the area of its operations is really coter- minous with society itself. There may be a debateable ground somewhere between the confines of public and pri vato life into which its encroachments are restricted to rare and signal occa- sions, but, on the whole, the sceptre of the journalist commands a willing alle- giance, and numbers its subjects among every grade. The orator who talks about the third estate, and descants on the Palladium of British liberty, is using no idle figure of rhetoric. In spite of a secret jealousy, of a latent apprehension of its supremacy, the press is recognised as the foremost among those dynamics which regulate the action of the social machine, and every fairly-won triumph on the part of the press is felt to be one more protest in favour of constitutional liberty. For ourselves, in the very heat and fervour of success, ive can very well afford to overlook the persoilal victory in contemplating the results to the public good. We can appeal to the manner in which the contest has been conducted on our side, from first to last, in proof of the public spirit in which it was undertaken. That wo ad- vanced nothing in malice is shown by the fact that we have justified at law all that we advanced. It is, as we have said, a difficult problem to reconcile the two great objects of pro- tecting free discussion from abuses and preventing attacks upon character, to find the exact quantity of liberty and the exact quantity of restraint which secure to the press the greatest amount of free discussion, and to the individual the greatest amount of security. But difficult as is the task, it is not in- surmountable ; and there is one motive which should actuate those who attempt it, namely, a scrupulous sense of their responsibility. Nothing can be more fallacious than the notion which obtains in a certain class of minds, that the pres3 wields its great censorial powers reck- lessly, and without fear and trembling ; that by instinct it is opposed to the privacies of common life, and that to pry and to publish is its peculiar mission. There are, doubtless, journals who live by a diligent application to this sort of trade, to whom scurrilousncss and abusiveness are a luxury essential to their sickly existence, and who feed and fatten upon the weaknesses and vices of mankind, just as the gourmand feeds upon the diseased livers that make up his j>âlè-de-foie gras. But this coarse appetite not uncommonly leads to the ultimate depletion in one form or another of the constitution that indulgos in it. And, indeed, anyone who has had any experience in a wholesomely con- ducted press would testify both to its bad policy and its bad taste. With such an exception, an exception due as much to the peculiar civilization where it occurs as to the individual idiosyncracies of its authors, the tendency in exposing the abuses of society is to err on the other side, on the side of delicacy and prudence . on the side of delicacy, because no man of education would will- ingly indulge in the vulgar bravery of the tongue j on the side of prudence, because no man who has money to pay would williDgly risk paying it in a cause in which he reaps no direct benefit. The best protection that society has against the journalist is the penal consequences that overtake the abuse of his office, and its best solace is the conviction that, without duo precaution, those consequences would never be incurred. By a studious recognition of this principle, we tako credit to ourselves for our immunity on the present occasion. All that we have done we did deliberately and in order. Wo brought our charges only when wo felt ourselves sufficiently provided with the means of supporting them. Those means had accumulated in our hands till it would have been a cowardly dere- liction of our duty if we had not inado use of them. We did not say that Mr. TJequiiaht was a notorious delinquent, that he had scabbed a , whole district with an impunity for which the Go- vernment was to blame, till wo had the proofs ; and tho result is, both tho proofs and the judges who weighed them have justified us. It is, indeed, not one of the least satisfactory reflections that the,facts brought to'light at the trial have, with singular distinctness, confirmed and borne out the statements which cave rise to it. Even the newspaper rhetoric which charged Mr. Urquhart with accli- matising the acarus on the Murray is proved to be no hypeibole. It would be impossible to estimate the exact amount of damage which has been inflicted by the scabby sheep of the gentleman who owes so much to Mr. Irbiand's eloquence and Mr. Matthew-J^Wy's I memory ; but the evidence n J asso. ciates was sufficient to^sííúw that a squatter who has the good fortune to possess political influence with the ' Cabinet of Mr. M'Culloch may turn out i to be a very expensive neighbour. j As far as the merits of the case be- tween the plaintiff and defendants are i concerned, the final award' has been given, and its further discussion can ! enlist the public sympathy only so far as it involves the public interest. We have done our duty, and the decision of the ' jurj , while it can be no equivalent for the j sacrifice it has cost us, is a guarantee that we shall not be found to shrink from our responsibility when the oc- casion demands it. But behind the legal question between ourselves and the plaintiff is a constitutional one, of far more import, between the Government and the public. If, as Justice Williams averred, we were perfectly justified in discussing the one, wo need not insist upon our right to comment on the other. Our vindication is safe ; it only remains for the virtuous statesman referred to by the judge who vindicated U3 to ffreji , himself and his department. Till .jp&f;' [ is done, the public may have some fanst for doubting whether the tribunas tita', absolved The An/vs did not virtually impugn the Attorney-General and his colleagues. As Mr. Dawson put it in his masterly peioration, the issues of tho trial affected the administration of justice-the right of the public to have even- handed justice administered to the poor and the rich, and on the verdict of the jury depended the perpetuation or the suppression of " a system which would be most rcpre " hensible in a free country, by which " the law could bo diverted from ita " course by a garbled memorial to ,1 " Minister of the Crown." Statistics, like medicines, may be either properly ap2>lied by a qualified practitioner or administered by a quack. When the famous wit of the last cení tury, who is made to father all tin jokes, good or bad, of the timi was refuted by a Greek quotation, hi replied by another, which was as gooi as Greek to the House for the occasion,! but turned out to be a bit of the gram- mar. Statistical quotations, as handled in Parliament, both here and elsewhere, are generally nothing but a boro and a deception, and as candidly and usefully applied as Shxridas's Greek. Nothing so safe, or apparently so respectable, for clenching a conglo- meration of baseless assertions as a reference to a bluo-book. When Sharpeyes, M.L.A., wishes to stultify Muff, M.L.A., he has only to refer the lion, member to such and such a nume- rical summing up in such and such a repoit, peifcctly well knowing that neither the Mr. Muffin question, nor tho rest of the Muffs of the House, have ever looked at the report, or intend to look at it. It is, indeed, a question whether one member in ten in the Bri- tish, or still less in the colonial, Parlia- ments, reads the voluminous documenta which annually, with great care and ex- pense, aro laid upon the tables of tho Houses. Upon these reports, how- ever, the only safe legislation for tho country must be based. They aro the landmarks which show the Parlia- mentary pilot how to steer. If in the piesent session the doubtless very well meaning but not very brilliant legisla- tes of the Assembly, instead of mean- dering about their. subject for horns, and pelting each other with quotations, each more inapplicable than the other, out of M'Culloch and Mill, had studied the clear and accurate tables of Mr. AEcnDit and the official report of tho Colonial Treasurer, of which, however far we may differ from the crotchets of the Treasurer, we do not doubt tho accuracy, they would havo found abundant ground for modifying man)^ of their opinions. The portion of til* Treasurer's report which bears upon tho vexed question of protection we have no intention at present, except pa- renthetically, to notice. That question has passed out of the province of reason- ing, and is being tossed about aimlessly and hopelessly upon the angry sea of the passions. Neither House, for instance, would just now condescend to notice îho fact that wbile in England,, on thr average of the last fifteen years, the «? eise duties have stood to the customs in tho ratio of 3^ to 5, the aggregate of the two ranging'above thirty, milli« in Victoria the figures stand as £89,*'? to £1,054,160, which, when further rô; duced by the abstraction of the licence duties, leaves the total return from the excise at £6,240; or, in other" words, the proportional value oft« excise duties to the customs is « 170, while in England it is 3 to 5. Ad* ing the export duty of gold and rents of the auriferous lands, the to» return of our internal production to tar revenue is under £150,000. FWtaJ" is, it seems, so far premature that tier is nothing as yet to protect, and wem tenderly legislating for an -mfant J« unborn. There are, howe^r, n»"j other data given which do not-. ^«P the vexed question of the day, anr-f» which both sides, therefore, maybe«? posed to hear reason. When from » sections which deal with the raising«» revenue we come to the details of j» » pendituro, we aie struck at once witm? inequality of some of the payments as the needless multiplication of mo» f an instance of the first, we find Prole» M'Coy receiving £1,350 a-year,,* Dr. Mueller £600, which ia re*» to £400 by the necessity of bis W his own books. While admitting «? high qualifications of the &«> must remember that the other,J», throughout the civilized world, is «.>?,. with distinctions from the highest powers of Europe, and that Melbourne owes an indelible debt of gratitude to hint for the creation of her chief glory and charm, the exqui- site Botanical Gardens. Upon what ground rests the difference of the pay 1 Of the host of officials chronicled here, truly it may bo said their name is -Legion. To detail their exaggerated multiplications would require columns as ample as" the pages of the reports them- selves. Victoria seems to spawn officials as Egypt did fiogs. It is not the highest officers of couise who are the most fuijjunierous, nor are they commonly over uf-'Mtinid. But from the nucleus spreads out * "'.Sail expanding as it moves, like that of our late celestial visitant. , The upper cleik who does little is aided by any number of under clerks who do less. Take, for instance, the bill we pay for the services of tho Parliamentary short-hand writers. These gentlemen aie only required for a short portion of the year, their work is dono at a time which leaves them always able to follow other occupations and they follow them accordingly without interruption, and to their very largo profit. For this work, which could be cheaply done for £800, we find the following bill :-"Shorthand writer,at £G10 ; as- sistant, at £600; clerk, qualified to " act as assistant, at £300 ; clerk, at " £225 ; articled clerk, at £150 ; mes " senger, at £100. Total, £1,819." In the same way, for the sheriffs and their clerks in Melbourne, we pay £4,343 . at Geelong, which can be reached from Melbourne in an hour and ?a. half, £1,283 ; at Castlemaine, £1,237 . Sandhurst, £458 ; Ballarat, £1,283 ; Beechworth, £931 ; Ararat, £931 ; Maryborough, £412. Total, £10,882, of which one-half might as well be thrown into the sea. Two real property solicitors, one at £2,000 and one at £1,200, are paid, we presume, in antici- pation of their one day having some- thing to do. Of all the items, however, the most astounding are the police ma- gistrates-51 in number, 49 in the coun- try-at £650 each, collectively £30,317 ! On turning to Tasmania, we find that four magistrates, with salaries nowhere exceeding £450, and some eight or ten íesident country gentlemen at £100 each, keep at least equal order in by far the most dangerous population of the Australian colonies. The difference of the population is, indeed, as six to one, but the difference of the expense is as tliirteen to one. Among all these appointments runs one common pecu liarity of the immense amount required of what is called "clerical" assistance. No upper clerk, it seems, can write, no magistrate conduct his own cor jeSpondence . there must always bo one or more assistants to do it for him. Of course, every ono of our readers knows the real reason of this crowd of supernumeraries, whatever the ostensible one. Just as in Leaden hall-street, London, the unconscious tur- tle is labelled " to-morrow's soup," so the sons and nephews and first cousins of influential electors are practically ticketed for the next prospective vacancy. The majority of the Government em idoycs are the walking rcpiesentatives of «o many votes, past, present, or to come. We know all this, every one of us, and put up with it ; but when we are told that the poverty of the exchequer neces- sitates the attempted fiscal revolution we are at liberty to inquire how far this poverty is necessary. It is too much to be told that we must pay 5s. in the pound more for our coats and boots, in order that Jones, Smith, and Brown may be paid out of the taxes to assist Robinson in what Eobinson could do perfectly well without them. It will, of course, bo said, according to the cus- tomary platitude, that the extent of an evil must necessitate its continuance, and any reductions will inflict imme- diate injury upon a numerous and struggling class. We reply, from a toler- ably long acquaintance with their real position, that the extinction of the pre- sent system would be, on the contrary, the greatest possible benefit to those supposed to profit by it. The Govern- ment employes of the subordinate order are, in reality, but genteel paupers, with very little chance of ever becoming other- wise. To give a young man, with a scintilla of ability and industry, a minor Government appointment, is to give him one of the apples of Sodom-tempting without, dust and ashes within. His chance of ever rising to the higher po3ts is very problematical, for these are mostly the guerdon of the larger order of Par liamentaiy sharks, and if ho have through life bread and cheese, a coat not absolutely threadbare, and a house free of danger from the bailiffs, he may ?think himself lucky, for this is seldom the case. Upon the strength of his ap- pointment he commonly marries, and though with years his receipts may in ciease, his children and his debts grow faster still. The true way of having the public well served is to pick out the best men, and as few as need be, to pay them very well, and "work them very liard. In Victoria, we have gone, and rare going, on exactly the opposite line, lo the great detriment of departmental .efficiency and the exceeding waste of the .revenue. The worst is, thero is no pre- ssent prospect of amendment. \------?» The ordinary weekly meeting of the Olty ?Council will take plnce at the usual hour this ' afternoon. The business on tho notice paper 5s of no particular importance, and is vory limited in quantity. Before Mr. Justice Williams, on Saturday, in an action, Terry v. Terry and another, there was an array of the colonial brewing "pro- fession," as it was termed, to enlighten justice on some of the mysteries of the craft which included Oliver Cromwell as a professor, and ministers to democratic thirst. A practical man and ex-manager sued his former em- ployer and brother for wages. The conten- tion was that the plaintiff, according to the custom of the trade, was entitled to three months' notice, while the defence was that one week was sufficient. Three brewers supported the plaintiff, and four the defen- dants, including the latter persons themselves, and the jury found for the plaintiff for the amount claimed. There was a great passage at arms and interchange of compliments be- tween counsel and one of the professional witnesses on the merits which cause colonial beer-makers and barristers to shine at their respective bars, and various unsuccessful efforts on the part of a celebrated forensic joker, one of the leaders, to draw fun from colonial beer. Close v. Cox was an action of ejectment, in which the Dean of Carlisle re- covered possession of land on the Goulburn on which he bad advanced money on mort- gage. A jocular lounger caused a small rush, of sightseers hy the declaration that tho famous Dr. Close, of Cheltenham, was In court. Tho number and classification of pri- soners under detention at the Central Gaol on Saturday Jasfc are shown by the fol- lowing return ¡-Awaiting trial- Bofore tho Supreme Court, 14 males, 1 female; before magistrates, 13 males, 3 females. Under sen- tence-To road gang, 9 males; to hard labour, 164 males, l8 females. Detained-For impri- sonment, 72 males, G4 females; as lunatics 2 males, 4 females ; . in default of bail, 16 males, 10 {females; as debtors, 14 males, and for contempt of court; 2 males'. Total, 290 males,-100 females.' Tho police have in their possession a gold hUDting-watch and gold chain, which were found on Saturday, by a young" woman named Elizabeth Martin, in Swanston-3fcreet, ntar the Public Library. We have been requestedito acknowledge the receipt by the Treasurer of'10a.; in postage stamps, forwarded to the Customs depart- ment as " conscience monoy." Also, the re colptof 10s., in postage stamps, anonymously forwarded to tho Treasury. Beth sums have been paid over to tho credit of the consoli- dated rovenuo. From the number of robberies recorded in the Police Gazelle, it would appear that Mel- bourne and ita environs are at present in- fested by a band of thieves, who do not scruple te add violence to robbery from the person. Bourke-streec east, the plank road to Eme- rald-hill, and Fitzroy-gardens, have been tho Eceno of these outrages. Wo trust the perpe- trators of theso offences will speedily be in the hands of the police. Only three prisoners havo been discharged from the penal department during the week onding 28th ult. These were Ah Lunn, alias Ah Camm, Bobert Ireland, and William Ken- nedy. The offences committed by the firettwo were larceny ; the latter was guilty of cutting and wounding. Ko ticket-of-leave appears to havo been issued during the week. The following rewards to constables for meritorious services have been made from the Police Reward Fand during the week : To Constable James Byrne, at Maldon, £5, for arresting, under circumstances of peculiar difficulty, John Cobden, since sentenced to impilsonment for horsestealing j Constable Thomas Molloy, Ballarat East, £1, for atten- tion in the arrest and prosecution of Mathew Kelly, since sentenced for robbery from the person; Senior-constablo George Blane, and Constables James Carroll and David Hamil- ton, at Landsborough, £2 each, for the arrest of three Chinese burglars; Constable John Gleeson, at Newbridge, £3, for exportnesa in the arrest of John Moore, for horseatealing; Constable George Black, Melbourne, £2, for his attention in tho arrest of three men, since convicted of forgery; Constables James Irvin and John Keyte, at Mount Pleasant, £1 each, for resolution displayed in the arrest of five men for assault with intent to rob; and to Senior-constable Henry William Frood, at Horsham, £2, for perseverance and tact in the arrest of Bill Postman, an aboriginal, for the murder of Barney, an aboriginal. Judging from the report presented io the depositors at the half-yearly meeting on Saturday evening, the operations of the St. Kilda Penny Savings Bank, during the first six months of ita establishment, havo been highly satisfactory. Owing to the very recent appointment of borough auditors, who by the rules are constituted tho auditors of the insti- tution, and the neglect of many of the depo- sitors to send in their passbooks for exami- nation, the committee were only able to pre- sent a progress report. This, however, showed that the 621 persona who had availed them- selves of the advantages afforded by tho insti- tution, had made deposits to tho amount of £390 8d. Id., whilst the withdrawals had been only £43 3?. Id. The-total amount duo to the depositors for deposits and interest was £358 7s. Id., and to meet this there were funds to the extent of £301 Is. 7¿d., leaving a balance of £2 15?. OJd. in favour of tho bank. The report further stated that Messrs. Brodribb, Dyer, Lewis, and Johnson, had resigned, and that their places had been filled by Messrs. J. A. Smith, Shaw, Ure, and Dobson. The resignation of Mr. S. Smith, ono of tho bon. secretaries, was alluded to, and Mr, Philp, his brother officer, waa commended for the warm interest ho had taken in the affairs of the institution. The Hon. A. Fraser, who occupied the chair, made a few congratulatory remarks on the success which had attended tho efforts of the bank's pro- moters ; and tho report having been unani- mously adopted, tho business of the meeting concluded. The laying and blessing of the foundation sione of the Boman Catholic Church of St. John's, Hoddlo-street, East Melbourne, took place yesterday. The large increase in the Roman Catholio population in tho eastern portion of Collingwood and Molbourno has rendered the erection of a place of worship in the locality highly expedient, and receutly the Rev. H. England, to whose exertions the establishment of the Otter-street Church is m «inly due, proceeded on a mission through the country to Taiso the necessary funds. Snccess has so far attended his efforts as to justify the commencement of a building on an eligible allotment, granted by the Govern- ment, of neariy one acre in extent, and situated adjacent to the junction of Hoddle-street and Victoria-parado. The church is to be ahand some building of bluestone and brick, in the Gothic stylo, with nave, cloisters, porch, tower, and steeple, The ceromony attending its com- mencement attracted a large gathering of the residents of tho district, and of the members of the Boman Catholic community generally. Bishop Goold 'Baid high mass in a largo marquee erected for the purpose by Mr. Denny, the architect of the building; after which ho, together with the Rev. J. Fitz- patrick, vicar-general ; the Rev. Dr. Dunne, of Brisbane; and the Rev. H. England, perambu- lated the waIIb of the building ; and then, havicg doposited the customary coins and documenta under the foundation-stone, con- secrated it according to'the ritual of the Church, A collection of upwards of £50 was mado on tho spot, and it is hoped that tho liberality of the community will enable tho building to be speedily completed, so that the wants of an extensive but far from wealthy district may be efficiently Bnpplied. The ensuing Volunteer field-day at Bal- larat is to bo a smart and interesting affair. Not only will the Ballarat and Geelong corps be present, but the metropolitan and sub- urban corps are to be well represented on the cccasion. A fixed number of men will be taken from Melbourne, and the various com- panies will learn early this week the propor- tion they will be expected to contribute. Wednesday, tho 15th inst., is the day ap- pointed for the review. The weight» for the Steeplechase and Hurdle Race at the Melbourne meating this week have been published, as follows: Steeplechase-Beaufort, list. 101b.; Vandyke, lOet. 121b. ; Baron, lOat. 71b.; Comet, 9st. 101b. Hnrdle Race- Beaufort, list. 71b.; Ivanhoe, lOst. ; Coroner Oat. 101b.; and Grimaldi, Set 71b. The watermen of the upper Yarra, who a few weeks since took all the children of the Protestant Orphan Asylum for a trip ia their boats to the Survey Paddock, havo not woaried in well-doing. A few days since Mr. 0. Car- rick, of the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, on tho river side at Richmond, was commissioned hy the same watermen to offor a similar kind office to the children at the Immigrants' nome, reckoned by them to number from 350 to 400. The offer was gratefully accepted ; and Tufsdoy nest has been fixed upon as the day of the treat. The Turf Subscription-room, at the Albion Hotel, will be open this evening, and every evening during the week. Some racing came off on Saturday, at Essendon, in a paddock near Wood's Ewan- don Hotel. There was a moderate attend- ance of spectators. The Maiden Plato was won by the old steeplechaser Chanco; the Essendon Handicap by Mr. Waldock's gr g Torjboy, aged, 8st., beating Mr. Cleelands br m Fleur-de-lis, who was handicapped at Ost., and ran second. Grasshopper, Shamrock, and another, also ran. Dan Tucker won the Hurdle Race, beating Arabian Knight (second), Nelly Groy, and another. Mr. Wal- dock's Cardigan won the Essendon Cup. The races were all post entry, and the first event, announced for one o'clock, was not run until three. The East Melbourne Artillery Company, tompted by the fino weather and tho neces- sity of putting the men through the annual course of musketry instruction, the close of which is now near at hand, enter upon an encampment this week, at the Sandridge, bat- teries. The men will be in camp and will discharge routine duties in tho morning and evening, and will proceed to tholr business in tow n every day. A week or ten days will pro- bably be spent under canvas ; and it is hoped that time will permit, not only of the comple- tion of the musketry instruction, hut also of a course of drill at the heavy guns. The Col- lingwood Rifles are also to pass the week in the tented field. The Eceno of the encamp- ment will bo near the company's butt", in order that the men may proceed vigorously with the musketry courso, passing through a certain portion of which is one of the qualifi- cations of an effective. These local camps have uses manifold and apparent, and the spirit in which they have buen entored upon this year speaks highly for the zeal of the force. Captain Tonkin, of tho Norfolk, has re- turned from his trawling expedition in the Government schooner Falcon. Uufort'i nately, the weather proved unpropitious, the wind being too light to enable the trawl to be let down more than threo times, and then without success. Unfortunately, Captain Tonkin's 6tay ia this port is of too short duration to admit of another trial being made by him. We are requested to acknowledge the dona- tion of £4 for the Molbourne Hospital, from the employes of Mr. Henry Brooks, plate-glass merchant. In consequence of tho rise in the value of Hour, the price of bread has been raised to lid. per 41b. loaf. A deputation from the Board of Agricnl tme, including Mr. Ramsay, M.LA., Mr. Townsend, the bon. secretary of the Ben- digo Agricultural Society, and Mr. J. M. Matson, Secretary to tho Board, waited on the hon. Commissioner of Railways on Fri- day, to aek that the regulations for the freo transit of exhibits for the Ballarat National Show should bo oxtended to the case of coun- try shows. In^be discussion which ensued Mr. To wnsendsuggostedthatexhibitora should pay the carriage of the goods in the first in- stance, and if they were for exhibition and not for Bale they should bo returned free, and the first rate refunded. Mr. Francis complained that tho privileges heretofoio granted by the Government had beon made use of to obtain the free carriage of bulky implements, tho owners of which mainly desired to exhibit for the sake of orders. The practice in England was to remit the return charge only in the case of bona, fide unsold exhibits, of which, of course, a certificate would be given by those who had the conduct of the show. Mr. Ramsay sug- gested that, as the railways hero wore public property, this fifty per cent, remission should loo increased to seventy-five per cont. A long discussion ensuod, which ended in Mr, Mr. Francis's agreeing to adopt the following system for a twelvemonth, and then, if in- fringed or abused in the meantime, it would be stopped. All agricultural Implements were to pay one woy, and return freo if certificated to be unsold. Stock and produce were to bo treated in tho samo way; but on production of a certificate from the secretary of the show to the eflVct that the exhibits bad not changed hands, half tho first payment would also be remitted. Such rémission was only to ha made when the exhibits were carried on goods or oattle trucks by "goods trains; but if passenger trains or horse-boxes, or other passenger roll'mg-stock were used, thero would bo no re- mission of the first charge. Of course, if there was no certificóte of the kind described, the full charge both ways would bo mado. The interview then terminated. A new Presbyterian Church, situated at Upper Hawthorn, near tho Town-hall, was opened yesterday, the opening services being performed in the morning by the Rev. J. Ballantyne, in the afternoon by the Rev. P. Brown (the pastor of the church), and in the evening by the Rev. J. W. Inglis. The church is a neat little structure, built of white and red bricks, with cement dressings, and is cal- culated to accommodate about 180 persons. Collections were made after each service on behalf of the building fund ; and the proceeds of a soiree, to be held on Thursday evening, at the Town-hall, will be applied towards the same object. Dr. Candler, district coroner, held an in- quest on Saturday, at tho Yarra Bend Asylum, upon the body of Hugh Creighton, a lunatic patient, aged thirty- fivo years, who died on the 2nd inst. In accordance with tho medical evidence the jury found that death was the result of disease of the liver and peritonitis. During tho next ten days, the Exhibition building will bo devoted to the reception of products intended to bo forwarded to the Dublin International Exhibition, per Great Britain, which sails on the 15th inst. In addition to the lists we have already pub- lished, the following promises of contribu- tions have been received by the board :-The Victoria Sugar Company, various samples of sugar and spirits ; Messrs. Watson and Pater- son, two licroes of beof and cured bacon ; Messrs. Olnrson and Shallard, book work and general printing ; Mr. Jamo3 Miller, samples of rope-making ; Mrs. Mealy, straw plaiting; Jamos Macmeikan and Co., superphosphate manures, animal charcoal, &c.; ; Mr. Nettle- ton, photographic views ; James F. Fallon, wines ; Messrs. Anderson and Wright, sam- ples of useful colonial timber ; Messrs. Der mott, specimens of gold and other minerals from Wood's Point district ; Messrs. Wild and Co., bottled ale; Jas.H. Turner, scoured wool ; G. MurkB, Ballarat, pottery; Messrs. Clark and Son, leather; D. V. Pettavel, wine. The following gentlemen have kindly far nisbed specimens of choice grown fruits, to be modelled by Mr. Todt ¡-Messrs. J. Carson, Kew; T. O. Cole, Boroondara; J. Oole, Richmond; G. Cole, Gardiner's Creek; Huncock, Brighton ; Holt, Boroondara; Huntley, Brighton ; Johnson, Thomas town ; Johnston, Hawthorn ; Roberts, Hawthorn! Stone, Brighton; Whatmough, Queeneberry ; J. W(eat, Brighton ; G. Perry, Heidelberg ; and ' D, V. Pettavel, Gee- long. A model of the Pyramid designed by Mr. J. G. Knight, F.B.I.B.A, is in coursa of execution by Mr. Riley, the decorator. "It is on a scale of one and a half inch to the foot, and is tlierefore very insignificant com- pared with the original, exhibited at the Melbourne Exhibition of 1801. Tho funds at the disposal of tho' board would not allow a full-ßfecd object to bo sent on the present occasion, so that " facts and figuroa " must bo appended to the model to show the progress we have made in gold-mining sinco 1801\. From returns furnished by (the depart- ment of the Regiatrar-Gonoral, it appears that from the 1st of October, 1801 (up to which date the pyramid was posted), to the end of the year 1804, 7,302,005 ounces of gold wera produced, This quantity, according to calcu- lations made by Mr. Knight, ia equal to 223tons lOcwt. lqr. 8?!b" of the valuo of £20,211,080 sterling; In hulk equal to410ft. 7Jin. cube: which would add a base to the original pyramid 10ft. 2in. square, and 4ft Opin. high, The model will embody this important addition. The gros* weight of gold produced from the Victorian mines in little more than thirteen yoars is 1,024 tons 8cwt. Oqr. 15ïlb., of the value of £138,801,708 sterling. As tho prospects of gold mining were never more hopeful than at present, wo need not ho ashamed of publish- ing such figures as the above. The collection of grain is likely to be equal to that sent to London in 1802, which was pronounced by the jurors to be the finest ever sent to an exhibition in Europe. The samples of wool are also very fino. Additional contributions, illustrative of the condition of our general industries, are still needed to make the Vic- torian exhibits complete. Amongst the cases which came before the Richmond bench of magistrates on Saturday waa a charge against a man named John D. ReeveB, of stealing £50, the property of Anne E. Bank. There wai, however, not the slightest evidenco against the prisoner, who was discharged without the facts being gone into. It was understood that a warrant had been issued for the apprehension of another person foT committing the robbery. Thomas Rossiter, grocer, was summoned by the nui- sance inspector, under, the act for the pre- vention of adulteration of articles of food or drink, for selling impure and unwholesome ale and porter. Ho lind sold some ale and porter at 4d. per bottle, the ale being labelled " Best East India Pale Ale ;" and both liquors were sad traBh, but, as the evidenco went to show that they had not hean " adulterated," the magistrates held that tho case did not como within tho act, and dismissed the in- formation. John Courtney, of tho Firo Brigade Hotel, waa'fined 40s., for Boiling liquor in his house on the previous Sunday; anda similar amount for permitting card-playing on the premises on the same day. Several persons were fined for allowing the Yan Yean woter to run to waste ; and one or two for permitting goats to wander in the public streets. There were not very many cases disposed of at the Emerald-hill Police Court on Satur- day. A Chinaman named Ah Chong waa charged with stealing two saltcellars from a shop, in the temporary absence of its mis- tress, and sent to gaol for two months, with hard labour. Frederick Selton, charged with hovlng no visible means of support, waa sent to gaol for three months. Mary, Ellen, Joseph, and William Stacey, children of the man in custody on a charge of murdoring a child at Emerald-hill, were brought before the Court, having no one to protect or pro- vide for them. The first-named was ordered to be Bent for five years, and the others for seven yean?, to the Industrial School. A painter named R. F. Wilson waa oharged with having made use of obscene language In a public place. The defendant did not appeor, and a warrant was ordered to bo issued for his arrest. Messrs. Martin, Gard- ner, and Whiteman were the presiding magistrates. A robbery of a daring character is reported from Ararat. The Advertiser Bays :-"A most daring burglary waa perpetrated in tho Main- street, Reefs, Pleasant Creek, on Wednesday night laet, the store belonging to Messrs. Childe Brothors_ having been entered, and property abstracted to the value of over £100. The thieves had romoved one of the shutters of the shop fronting the street, and had re- placed it after the robbery was effected. Tho property Btolen consisted of five bottloa of quicksilver, and about 1301b. of tobacco. It is thought a cine to tho guilty "parties haB been discovered, and that they will bo brought to justice. We aro informed that a rewaTd will shortly be offered by Mesar3. Childe for tho apprehension of the offenders." A now lodge, called tho Loyal Little River Lodge, No. 31, of tho Ancient Independent Order of Odd Fellow?, was inaugurated at the Station Peak Hotel, Littlo River, on Thursday, the 2nd March. The Grand Mas- ter, Brother J. C. Mogs, preBldod, and oponed tho lodge, supported by the G. Stc, Brother A. J. Cohen ; G. Treasurer, Brothor J. Hed- rick; and Eovcral members of the Geolong district. Eighteen membera were initiated, after which tho several officers wore elected for the current six months, and duly installed by iho G. M. A frigbtfnl nccidont occurred during the storm of fire on Monday last to Mr. Cochrane, a fflimcr at Barford, near Kyneton. The Observer soya :-"Ho had crossed to a paddock to let out somo horses, find having succeeded in his object returned homoword, to endea- vour to let some cattlo out of his own pad- dock aa well. The fire in the meantime had gained rapidly, and was fast closing in upon him when, by a desperate effort, ho spurred his horse litoinlly through tho flames, the faithful animal that bore him fall- ing dead in the effort, her legs being almost burnt from under her. Mr. Cochrane managed to extricate himself from tho saddle, and crawled away from the flames in on almost unconscious state, no reached within about a quarter of a milo of his own place when he became quito blind, and waa unable to proceed. He was |thon taken into a neighbour's house. Ho presented a fearful spectacle, the face being singed so as to be scarcely recognisable, and tho eyes and nose were dreadfully burnt." At a meeting held in Ohowfon on Wednes doy, a sum of £1G0 waa subscribed in aid of tiro sufferers in Mount Alexander and Faraday districts from the bush- fires on Monday lost, A committee, composed of tho principal resi- dents in tho borough, waa named, for the pur- pose of collecting subscriptions and admi- nistering relief. Thelosses sustained by the farmers in Emu Creek, Bendigo, by the late buBh fires, aro estimated at £1,500. ~ A miner named Richard Panglazo was filled in a drive at Ironstone-hill, Epsom, on Friday last, by earth falling upon him from the roof. The Bendigo Adverlittr narrates aa fol- lows the escape of a prisoner from tho cus- tody of a county court officer :- " A few days ago the bailiff of the Connty Court had occasion to proceed somo miles into the boah, for the pnrpose of making an arrest, and he took a cab with him in which ho might bring back bis prisoner. The nrrcst was made, and the man was placed in the cab. Tho bailiff, seeing everything secure as usual, got in tho cab with the prisouor, and at once proceeded on his road homewards to the Sandhurst Gaol, in which his clnrge once deposited, there could afterwards bs no anxiety for his safety. The 'charge,' how- ever, was not satisfied with the prospect, for, havlDg travelled quietly for some distance, by a sudden spring, and taking tho bailiff completely unaware*, he throw himsolf out of the cab, falling on his face on the ground. Ha was quickly on his feet, and before the cab could be stopped, was at least forty yards a head, and at last succeeded In hiding Trim self so well that he eluded the vigilance of those in search of him, making good his escape for this time." A very painful incident has occurred in the County Court, at Talbot, in the sudden death of a solicitor-Mr. John Deane Wolla-while addressing the court for a client. Tho Talhot Leader states tho circumstances as follows : "During the whole of the morning the de- ceased conduoted the defence- with his accus- tomed ability, and nothing occurred then to antiripato the sad disaster which af tor wards happened. Aftar the adjournment for dinner, the deceased entered tho court and proceeded to address the judge for the defence, when a certain fpnsmodic action ob'ervable in him, and a difficulty of speaking, catted Mr. Hos kins's attention to him. Mr. Hoskins rose from his seat, and called his Honour's notico to the fact that Mr. Wolls was unwell, and scarcely had tho words been spoken boforo Mr. Wells fell towards his friend, and a fit immediately supervened. Much confusion at once occurred in the court, and several of the deceased's friends carried him into the porch of tho building, where the usual restoratives for a fit were applied ; but it was soon seen that the disaster was of a far moro alarming character. Ho was then carried to the rear of the building, where, having been placed on a sofa, kindly fnrnished bv the olerk of the court, Mr. Monckton, Dr. Carr, who had just ariived, bled him. A considerable number of leecheB were alto placed on the temples, and cold water applications, and other romo dics, were freely administered. But, although the stertorous breathing subsided, conscious- ness was not restored." Tho Ballarat Star lately pave the following good advice to tho Legislative Connell. Its force ia not lessened by tho course now tnkon by the Ministry with reference to tho new tariff.-" Until the Ministerial Protcofion Tariff has been rejected by the Legislative Connell we must be careful not to show any disrespect to that auRust body, and yet duty demands that wo should admonish it to sub- mit tamely to tho indignity It haa j list suf- fered at the hands of tho Lower House in the reiectlon of its amendments on the Land Bill, and pass tho measure when again sent np to it even withont its own amendments. This will be a Tathor bitter pill for legisla- tivo councillors, but thero is no help for it. All are agreed that tho Dufty Act must be amended-moBt people consider Mr. Grant's bill a reasonably good amending measuro hon. gentlemen of the Upper Honse will therefore, we hope, proie magnanimous, and allow it to become law, even though not quite whot thev should have mado it. A Treat opportunity now lies heforo the Upper House. In the conree of politicsl events a tide has como to its very door, which if taken at tho flood will certainly lead on to fortune. Only two things havo to bo dono, both per- fectly within the power of the Upper House to do, and it will bo the popular branch of our Legislaturo-or nt all events It will have Fown seed which ere lorn? (whon juster views on economic questions have regained posses- sion of the artizan mind) will produce for its reward an exuberant orop of public gratitude nnd esteem. Those two things are-to reject the tariff, and adopt the Land Bill with their own amendments and additions elimi- nated." By woy of Otago, wo havo dates from Inver- cargill to the 25th uH., Auckland to tho 13th, LyHelton to the 22nd, Wellington to the 18th, and Taranaki to the 4th ulf. Wo observe that Mr. Borlase hns announced himself as a candidato for the office of superintendent of tho provlnco of Wellington. Dr. Feather- stone is also in tho field. By the Alhambra, we havo our files from Dunedin to tho 25th ult. Miso Rosa Cooper has assumed the direction of the dramatic Beacon at tho Princess's Theatre. A sum of £5,000 has beon paid by the General Government to Messrs Mnekenzio and Cam, on account of tho debt duo to that firm by tho Provincial Go\crnmentof Southland, for work done under railway contract, and it was probablo that colonial debentures for the balance would bo token in full liquidation. Mersrs. Mackenzie and Cora are the creditors nt whopn suit the wholo of tho Southland Government piopeity was lately levied upon. Tho escort which Teached Dunedin on tho 24th ult, brought down ll,809oz of gold, tho produce of tho mines for tho previous fortnight. A man named John Scott, had been brought to Dunodin, on a chnige of hav- ing murdered Donald Weir, at Matanaka, in a quariel. They were servants together on a station. We hove files fiom Port Louis (Mauritius) to tho 23rd January. A letter from our cor- respondent, containing tho latest nowa and market reports, will bo found in anothor column News from Madagascar has boon received by woy of Port Louis, to tho 4th of January The Commercial Qaietle says :-" Tho stato of the country appears quiet, and tho now Ministry, with Roinilaiorivony at thoir head, seem united. The present nova Govei nment is represented as the best constituted since tho reign of Quoen Ranavalo, and as capable of satisfying tho legitimate aspirations of all parties. Their policy towards foroign powers is apparently a conciliatory one, without com- promising thole independence, and thero ia overy hope of all foreign complications buing shortly settled amicably. At tho samo timo tho HovaGovernmont state their determination to compel all foreign rosidonts in Madogascar to respect the laws and customs of tho country, or to leave it. As the laws of Madagascar require tho natives to conduct themselves in an orderly and peacoablo manner, wo cannot blame tho Malagasy authorities for requiring foreigners in their country toabstaiu from troubling the general peace." The return cricket match betweon the Gentlemen and the Players was commonced on Saturday, on the Melbourne ground. Tho wholo of tho afternoon was occuplod with tho first innings of tho professional team, who Ecored 102, as shown by tho following de- tails:-Greaves, run out, 3; J. Huddleston, c Timms, h Conway, 0 ; Oosstick, b Conway, 1; Hewitt, c Timms, b Wills, 32; Caffyn, st Gibson, b Wills, C8; Marshall, run out, 8 ; Bryant, ron out, 20 ; Smith, run out, 12; Ashton, 1 b w, b Conway, 2; DunkinsoD, not out, 1 ; Boom, b Conway, 0 ; bye, 1; leg byes, 5; wides, 3; total, 102. Some first-class cricket was exhibited In the conreo of tho gamo. Caffyn'a largo score waa obtained by one of the most brilliant displays of batting which oven he has ever shown, and to speak of it In terms of highor praise would bo irapor-slble. Hewitt and Bryant also played In good style. Several changes had to bo mado in tho bowllDg, Wills, Conway, TimmF, Wardill, and Mortimer, each trying lils band. Except Wills and Conway, nono of the bowlers wfre eucccsaful. Green, ormorly a Rugby ciicktkr, and a recent arrival I in the colony, had a few overs, but did not produce any great impression. The fact thot five of tho men wete run out is a snffi cient proof of the smartness of the fieldlntr ; but in Marshall's carie the decision of the umpire was very generally disputed. The number of spectators was not large, consider- ing the interest of the match; but perhapB the charge of sixpence made for admission had something to do with limiting the attendance. The retnrn match between tlio East Mel- bourne and South Melbourne Clubs waa on the ground of the former. The South Mel- bourne players hai what might appropriately be called a good afternoon's leather-hunting, aa the East Melbourno team were at the wickets the whole of the time, and scored 209, of which Willie Campbell made 43, Allen Campbell 41 (not out), Phillipa 37, Yewors 20, Birkmyre 15, and Olav 11. Both matches aro to be resumed next Saturday. Notwithstanding the rather trying heat of the afternoon, tbero was a large turn-out on the green of the Motbourue Bowling Club on Saturday. The match, Married Men v. Bachelors, took place, four rinks engaging in the game. On this occasion, the Married Men proved themselves more than a match for those rejoicing in frepdom from matri- mony, and at tho close of tho match-twenty one np in each rink-it was found that victory had declared decidedly in their favour, the numbera being seventy rix to fifty-two, There will most likely i« ? rftu-n match heforo the end of the Beason. f- m or-.l single-handed matonea in tho fii it diiwiu^ ' for the club's gold medal also took i Ip.i o , A number of ladies onjoyed au hour or twoV play at their favourite game ot croquet | Tho championship of tho watermill f I the Yarra, for this season, was settler! '>»i j Saturday last, and the occasion proi ed Jnchfy interesting. A handsome nnd valuableis:!*, er cup, presented by a Rentleman from Wou _Point, whose sympathies the rich yields of the Morning Star Reef havo not contracted, waa rowed for in scullin g-boata by six watermen, the understanding being that the honour of | being the champion of his year went with it. The courue was from Church-street bridge to Turnbull's Point, just above the Botanic gaïdens bridge, and over this it was arranged the competitors should row in heats, three in each, the two winners, after an hour's in- terval, entering upon the final struggle. Tho event was regarded the mor6 becauso it woa known that tho race would 1)3 tho- roughly contested, and that the mon would draw lots for boats and stations. At tho appointed time, the atari was mado for the fiTBÈ heat, and tho competitors were Tom Bryant in the Alhambra, J. Brown in the Little Star, and Harry Lawrence in the Eve. Bryant won by a'ehort length, leaving Lawrence o long way astern. In tho second heat, Ned Bryant started In the Alhambra, Jesse Barrow in the Little Star, and Tom Groves in the Eve. Barrow won fairly, and there waa a capital race for second place, which waa won by GroveB. After on hour's interval, Barrow and Tom Brjant, a mere lad, rowed for the oham picnihip, the former in the Eve, and the latter in the Little Star. Barrow took the lead, and after tho first quarter of a mile got five or six boats' lengths ahead. As thoy rounded Cremorne-point, Bryant was cheered bj his friends, and thus stimulated, set to work to make up leeway. Passing the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, ho was within two boats' length of hia opponent, and in the end lost by within half a boat's length. The race was very good nil through, and doubtless Bryant will stand well for the soulling watormon's races next regatta,for, by pre- arrangomenf, his victor is not to compete. Tho race waa witnessed by at Iea6t 1,200 persons, who crowdod the banks, and the Sir Honey Barkly was gaily dressed up with flags in honour of the event. Tho Ararat Advertiser tells the following story of a repentant wandering magpio :-" A resident of this town was made a present of a fine young magpie early in the season, and, under careful training and tuition, It became Bcemingly attached to its home, and vory ac- complished in speaking and whistling. It was bo tame that it was allowed to run about the place without any check, amusing itself by hunting np food in the garden, and whist- ling whllo so employed, with great spirit and brilliancy of execution, ' Merrily dance tho quaker,' and several minor airs. One day ' cockey' was misslni?, and a 6trlct soavok waa accordingly instituted, but without avail ; every likely nnd unlikely placo was rigidly scrutinised, and cockey was regarded as hope- lessly stolon or strayed. Ou Wodnosday, wbilo tho owner and tutor of the bird was en- gaged in the garden, ho hoard a rustió of wings behind him, and, turning, saw thovcri tablo wanderer coolly walking up to lum and examining him critically, with its hoad very much on one side The master said the mnglo 'cockey,' and, tho bird replying ivith'a bar from ' Merrily dance,' tlio recognition was mutual, and the prodigal taken into favour. Cockey has evidently had a very troublous timo of it ; ho is much thinner than whon ho took to flight ; and, altogether he possesses a vagabond and rakish appearance that for- merly ho was a stranger to. Cockey has thought better of the 'orust of broad arid liberty' business; ho evidently baa a weak- ness for butcher's meat and kitchen Bnaeks." Tho Auckland correspondent of tho Otago Daily Times, writing on tho 13th ult., says : " Tho ícbels, having been defoated at Wan- ganui again, seem to be roturning northward», threatening to wreak their vengeanco on tho 'friondlles' as ntn for their loss at Ntrku maru. Information has been received from Maketu tbat tho southern natives had arrived in that neighbourhood, and the troops and the Arawa natives wero nil undor arms on tho ' night of tho Otb. Au engagement is shortly [ expected to como off in that district. Native affaira at Tauranga aro also lather gloomy and foreboding. A number of the escaped rebel prisoners aro known to havo passod through Remuera a few days ago on tholr way to tho Waikato. They wore hoavily burdened with camp equipage and cooking Utensils." Tho Lyster opera company, after a success- ful campaign in Now Zealand, havo returned to Melbourne, and will make their appcar anco at tho Theatro Royal on the conclusion of the Wizard's engagement. Tile company will be strougthoned by tho vocal nnd dra- matic talents of Mrs. Georgo Loder, better known professionally os Miss E. Neville, and Mr. Loder will conduct a very strong or- chestra. AmongBt the productions novel to Melbourno will be " Massaniello," " Israel in Eg) pt," and " Robeit lo Diablo." It Is almoat needless to say that a report that Madame Escottand Mr. Squires had gone to California, is untiue. I The drama of tho "Colleon Bawn" was produced at tho Haymarket Theatro on Saturday, with Mr. O'Noil as tho Irish boro, Myles na Coppalecn. All who rtmombor the original success of the work in ita lengthened run at tho Adelphi Theatre, in London, will acknowledge that much of it was due to the admirable acting of Mr. Boucicault hlmBelf, who fairly earned the fortune he made by that lucky venture, in ono of tho best Irishmen eton on the ttago since. the days of Tyrone Power. It would bo oxtraraganco to say that Mr. O'NoU's effort carno up to the original, but In the natural ueartlneas of the Éf-hial Irishman, Mie honest lover oi the per- secuted Eily, ft was tho best Myles we havu seen sinco Miss O'Connor became ono of tho wondcrB of tho world. Iffs excellent style of singing was well diBpfayed In "Eily, dear," tho over- fresh "CruisKeert Lawn," and "Whiskey in the Jar ;" nnd the parting wish, that the repentant husband would k ndly bequeath him his " widdy," with tho accom- panying merry twinklo of the eyry was a nicer ¡bit of humour. The drama* requires a good cast, and it was, on tho whole, vory fairly played. Mre. Walter Hill sHowed feeling in the heroine ; Miss Edith Mitchell had'a part suited to her artistic study in Ann Chuta; and the Sheelah of Mrs. Alfred Phillips waa a capital sketch of Irioh character, brightly coloured. Mr. Gardner throw oon siderablohumourintothe kindly punch-loving priest, Father Tom. "Barney, the-Bttion," in which Mr. O'Neil first gave a testo of lils quality to a-Melbouino audience, was-the con- cluding piece. Miss Edith Palmeraton's entertainment continues to attract largo audiences to tho Polytechnio Institute. Thero was a very good houso on Saturdaynight, and the enter- tainment passed oft very successfully. Mt33 Palmerston waa in good voioe, and the songs Incidentally introduced wero sung with tasto and feeling. A new feature of the entertain- ment was tho appearance, for the fiist timo, of Mies Palmerston as Lord Dundreary, and her verBion of the caricature is a very good one. i '----^ 