DALBY. (FROM OOR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) hi April 6. hi STILL dry, hot weather by day, though with cool nights, and oven cold mornings. The dust is thick in the streets, and rises in clouds behind and around tho numerous bullock drays und mobs of horses and eattlo which pass ulong. Tho grass is dry and yellow, tho plums full of groat cracks, and tlio smoko of bushfires visible on all sidc3. We aro in great fear ol' a con- tinued drought, and a most sovero winter for horses and entilo. Ono consequence of this dry weather is, that those who buy waU>r have to pay for it at tho rato of 2s. per cask. It bus been the talk ol' the town that our O.P.S., Mr. Bower-man, has been offered the post of 0. P.S. at Warwick. The hopo seems ulmost universal that ho will declino this offer ; for having been so long in the town, and so courteous and obliging, and ut tho sumo timo so upright in his dealings, bo has boconie a general favorite, and wo should not ut all like to lose him. Besides, wo have so much faith in the future of our town that wo think that the removal woultl bo but a questionable promotion. It would cause less regret if tho Government would give our Police Magistrate some promo- tion or other. Ho is too good for us altogether, so wo cannot duly appreciuto him. It bus never boen my lot to meet with any man who is so univcrsnlly unpopular. From his brother magistrates to the laborer the feeling scorn- to bo tho same. People say that he is arrogant ; cringiug to tboso who hnvo power of any Bort ; harsh to thoso who havo none. I boliovo that ho says that it is his infloxiblo justico und uprightness which is the cause of his unpopularity with so dishonest a race as wo are in Dalby, who shall decide? A timely promotion to soino moro en- lightened and moral community would bo tho best solution of tho difficulty which presents it-elf to my eyes. Tho members of tho elocution class in con- nection with tho School of Arts gave their first publie roading on Wednesday night. Thero was a rather small but respectable audience, who seomed well pleased with the entertainment piovidod for them. Tho following piecos were read i-Macaulay's "Speech upon tho Jewish Disabilities," by Mr. Boworman ; Aytoun's " Execution of Montrose," by tho Rov. Mr. Moberly ; ono of " Mrs. Caudle's Carrum Leo tares," by Mr. Soxton ; Tennyson's " Godiva," by Mr. Wakoling ; Dickens' " Tho Tuggsos at Ramsgate," by Mr. Rider. I would suggest to the members of this class that they should in futuro prefix to their readings a short explana- tion of the subject or history of the pieco thoy are about to deliver, as this would considerably increase tho interest of tho niidionco. This criticism docB not apply to the moro comic pieces, which aro their own interpreters. Mr. Coxon, our member of Parliament, who is now in Dalby, was requested to tuko tho chuir-Mr. Sidney, one of tlio vice-presidents of tho institution courteously retiring in his favor. At the close of tho proceedings, after tendering tho thanks of the m.-eting to the gentlomon who had read, tho Chairman warmly congratulated tho committee upon their general management of tho School of Arts, which he usmrod thom was a mo.Iel worthy of imitation by other towns. So you 600 that tlio smoking and bigu telle table, which I strongly condemned in your columns some timo ago, bus proved after all a wiso and suoee3s"ul concession to tho public tastes. I confess my error, but wish never- theless that the committee, or librarian, or whoever it miy concern, would enforce the aso of the Bpittoons which woro provided, but which now generally stund a3 a sort of orna- mental column in one corner of the reading room. Wo are informed that Mr. Coxen bus brought up a well-bouud edition of the Lfritish Essayists, m 30 volumes, and other books, us a donation to the library. Jt never rains but it pours, for it is only about a week since the Rav. Mr. Moberly presented tho same work in 45 volumes, lins euition, however, is only slightly bound, in board, and tiiereforo less fit for circulation. AprU 7. Wo were somewhat startled last night by a report that two armed bushrangers had stuck up a number of poople at Campbell's Camp, a township reserve, aboat 48 miles from Dulby, to tho westward or north-west. A party of police was at once sent out to the place, und the Police Magistrate was very busy collecting and trying revolvers and other weapons. I do not know what further steps ho intends to take. If he intends to head apirtyto go in pursuit of the raauraders it will bo a creditable display of zeal, which would doubtless stimulate plenty of volunteers to follow his examplo, if only the danger was brought close enough to our own doors. But if he is only thinking of the protection of the town, I fear ho will but bo laughed at for his pains, for people do not seoin much alarmed at present. Wc cannot conceive that the bushrangers will muster up sufficient ourage to attack D dby, nor that thoy e.in have a long career in a country where they would have few to harbor or warn ibera of danger. I am credibly informed that the committee) of tho School of Arts was sudiciently collected to hold a meeting and go through a considerable amount of business ; my informan!; avers that some of them were armed, aud that they did not turn palo every time a heavy footstep was heard in the outer halt ; but as he was present, and therefore might be interested in concealing the truth, you had better give the latter statements the amount of beliofyou think they deserve. P.S."-Hind fliarf havo been writing far'too flippantly on the serious topio of our imminent danger. Tho worthy P. Al. has taken wiser and juster views of the subject, and has collected all tho rusty blunderbusses and dilapidated pistols in the town, and stored thom up at his own house, that we may at once know where to run for thom in un emergency. Meanwhile tho per- sons on the outskirts tiny protect themselves with uullah-nnlialis and yam-sticks, if thoy like to do so. It is the futo of all great geniuses to be misunderstood, so these wiso dispositions meet with nothing but derision from an unsyin pnthising public, But wo shall seo. Finit coroiiat opus (1 think I may venture on this abstruse quotation without fear of making a blunder.) Whou the bushrangers como I shall have another story to write lo you, as I think 1 am too insignificant to excite ttieir enmity, so I trust you will not have to go into mourning for the untimely fate of " your own," 