THE FAMM.-NOTES ON T IE MONTH. (From the Australasian.) So we are likely to have a department of woods and forests, at least every one soome to think so since the appearance of a reporl upon the destruction of the timber trees in the inland districts. Every colonist who wishes well to his adopted country will be interested in the suggestions contained in the report being put into practice. Want of sufficient trees in the interior means a concurrent want of moisture. There appear to be certain districts always more favoured than others in haviug opportune showers of .rain. These districts range along the coast line, or, as has beeoon previously noticed, the tracts of country of .a mountanious or well wooded description. The rain which fell about the middle of last month soon dried up, and we are now nearly in as groat a strait as ever. The hay and corn crops will be extremely deficient: in some local ities (as above indicated) they promise to yield fair crops; but, dn the whole, it must be anticipated that prices will rule high during the ensuing winter. On worn-out and inferior soils, rye has done remarkably well; land which would not grow a crop of oats has borne five crops of rye, both in this and in previous seasons. This fact is not alluded to with the object of encouraging exhaustive farming; such farming will never pay in the long run. The offects of bad farming tell most disastrously in the event of long-continued droughts. On those farms situated in districts which have boon favoured with rain, and where manuring and deep cultivation has boon practised, together with early sowing, few complaints are made of expected losses from drought. Lucerne and chicory.-Of all the greon ULUpa, &uuuruo; anu ciucory navo SLOOU le drought best; those plants form d(loop tap roots, which, when the plants become estab lished, may be found at a depth of five, ton, and even twelve foot from the surface. A plot of chicory was sown three years ago upon a piece of ground which had boon subsoiled twenty inches in depth; the ground has boon ploughed several times since the chicory crop was removed, without destroying the plants which sprung from the roots accidentally left in the land. Indeed, the crop of chicory from the old roots is this season growing most vigorously, and fur nishing an extraordinary amount of fodder. There are no fodder plants to compare with chicory and lucerne; their strong woody roots withstand the effects of the severest droughts, and continue to afford good cut tings. The proper way to grow these crops is to sow the seed in drills twenty-four inches apart, and cultivate the intervals between the rows with the plough and horso-hoe; give plenty of manure. Woody-rooted plants are generally of a shrubby or half-shrubby habit; such kinds as do not need regular cultivation are likely to engage the attention of squatters, or those who farm extensively. We are acquainted with a few useful plants of this description such as the whin or furze ; there is a kind known as the Irish Whin (Ulex stricta), which is different from the bommon whin in having no spines. It is very evident that. the attention of Australians should be directed to other-fodder plants besides the grasses, as many of the runs are now as bare as the highway. Pastures.-It is in such seasons as the present that the pasture grasses get so much destroyed, by stock continually travelling over the ground; such are the effects of overstocking runs. The finer sorts of grasses suffer most under such circumstances. 'The native grasses as the silver grass, are withered very quickly in droughty weather, and have so little root-hold that sheep or cattle cannot graze on them without pulling them up by the roots. This grass is only an annual, therefore totally unfit for permanent pastures, though in most natural pastures we find little else but this annual grass. The nutritive qualities of the native grasses are inferior to those of the grasses and clovers usually sown for pasturage. Maize, sorghum, &c.-The; remarks made in the notes for the previous month are also applicable to this. Heavy crops of green stuff impoverish the soil ; but if consumed on the land, may be regarded as one of the most economical modes of manuring. The cry with the farmers is that they can't get manure, and in the meantime they neglect to grow fodder plants, one of the very best things belonging to modern husbandry. Mangolds, carrots, &c.; \- Horse-hoeing mangolds' had better be dispensed with while the drought lasts; soils of a moist nature can be hoed, as the moisture from below supplies the excessive evaporation from the surface. Tobacco.-The remarks just made about hoeing apply to this crop in like manner. This is the worst season that the tobacco grower has experienced, and particularly in the northern districts, as the drought is parching up vegetation of all descriptions. If rain falls in sufficient quantities, hoeing and earthing the advanced crops may be at tended to. Potatoes.--Reserve sets for the chance of rains falling either thi? month or early in the next. The Brighton farmers and market gardeners regularly plant such as the lap stone and the fluke kidney potatoes in January or Febuary; these come in for early spring use. The potato crops will be very deficient in yield, therefore it will be pru dent to plant in the autumn, upon suitable soils (see mangold for remarks upon hoeing). .In excavating for reservoirs, ponds, or water-holes, where the bottom and sides are not retentive (i.e., so as to prevent the escape of water), claying must not be omit ted. If clay cannot be lihad, loamy, and even somewhat sandy earth, l,y abundant work ing, can be made to retain water. Brindloy, the celebrated engineer, was the first to make known and practise this method. Work for the season, such as the plough ing of fallows, harvesting grain crops, and taking care of a good and clean sample of seeds for next seed-time, and, above all, guarding against bush-fires, are among the things to be looked to. 