PRECAUTIONS AGAINST FIRE. (From thIe ;Mlltand MIrermy.) -TxD the disastrous firo of Tuesday last begun at the western end of the town instead of the eastern, where would it have ended? Fanned by the wind, and raging like a blast furnace, it would Irave spread from house to house with a rapidity moore fearful than it is now easy to conceive. What means thlat wre ilad nvailablleo could hiave checked it ? Thie buildings destroyed on Tuesday, though situated close togetlier, were not actually contiguous, and were surffi ciently solid to absorb the violence of the flaRrcs to some extont, and render thie efforts to arrest tleir progress practicable. B3t a fire starting nearer to the western end of tihe town would have hiad alrnost uninterrtiptcd rows of buildings before it; and of these very rnrany would hIave served to hasten rather th!n to retard its advance, feeding the oflames, and leading them onwards, instead of placing obstacles in thIeir way. There are spots, indeed, at which, in tihe event of fire, gaps could be readily made by pulling down some of thie smaller tenements; and if this were doro in time, it mighit be done with some hIope of success. But with tihe scene of Tuesday befurore us it is obvious that a stop of this kind would have to ibe taken a lhng way ahead of thie flames, and would hIave to be carried throughl with no shlrinking hland. And who would incur thie responsibility of taking it under those circumastances? Thie time hras come when we oulght, as a community, to face our drangers, anrd do whart we can to provide against contingeoncies, that, as we now see, may hiappen to us any day-or any night, when we may be least prepared to meet them. Our long period of comparative immunity lhas beeon broken up in a manner startling enoughr to warn us against counting on its continuance, and to arouse us to a serious consideration of whaft it is that we really need to protect us against eoven worse calamities--worse, possibly by reason of loss of lifo. Various suggestions at once present them solves. We want a Building Act adapted to tie circumstances of thie town ; not too stringent for tile present sthgeo of its hlistory, buit suffi ciently so to imrpose urponr persehs bluildinrg the necessity of taking some preo?eiifions fr their own and their noighlbou??'?safoty. Some good mighlt possibly be done by f~ramuing municipal by-laws for the slppres sion of out-door fires, arnd other kindred nuisances, such as the storage of hay anid straw in places exposed to the danger of sparks from chlimneys in tie vicinity. We want a stronger fire brigado: stronger in numbers, and what is at least equally necessary, in organisation and disci line; stronger, not only as a mero body, ut as a body under thie effective control and guidance of a head. WeVo wrant a man, of cool self-possession, energy, and decision, qualified to assume thie general direction of operations at a fire, duly aruthlorised to assumo it-an officer whose presence and active authority would check tie confusion, lesson thIe wastefil dissipiatisn of strengthl, and reduce the danger to lifo and property that almost necessarily prevail where lhundredus of willing hanrds are working under as many dilfereont impulses. A poweorful, weoll-discipliied, and well-directed brigade would not, perhaps, in all cases supersede tie efforts of the public; buit would concen trate their force, and render them doubly useful by bringing them to bear at the right time and place. It is scarcely necos sary to point out the necessity of procuring a full supply of needful apparatus-another engine, and plenty of hose, ladders, and fire buckets. But the rad~cal want, after all, is sufficient water supply. WVhen so mush difficaulty was felt on Tuesday in procuring anything ap proaching to an adequate supply, on the very bank of the river, what would be the case were a fire to break out in other parts of the town? Wherever a feeding engine could Ibe lowered to a position halft-way down the bank, a supply might be readily procurable; but to how small a portion of the town would this means of relief be available. The ten dency is and will be, to get away from the river; and the futuro increase of the town will be beyond the range ofthis protection. Even as it is, there are many parts of High street itself practically cut off frlom any such direct supply from the river. What we want is mains traversing the streets, and carrying to every part of the town, from a sufficieontly elevated reservoir, a supply that would be always available audin abundance. We re quire nothing less than public waterworkls. It is not for us to enter upon details, or to indicate either the source of supply or the locality of storage. But it is evident that even if we had nothing better than an exten sion of MIr. Youdale's arrangement-a num ber of casks or tanks raised on a stage a few feet above the highest street level, filled by a npumping engine of moderateo power, anil furnished with pipes laid along the chief streets of the town, our position would be immensely improved. Of course a large high- level reservoir would be greatly in ad vance of this. It is a rematrkable flct that such a degree of safety against fire ihas beoo established in Melbourno, by the oefficient action of fire brigades wielding the crushing force of the Y?an Yean waters, that the in surance companies were lately considering the propriety of withlrawing their aid from the brigades, as in the absence of danger people began to drop their insurances. Our circumstances forbid the expectation that in a town like this we could provide ourselves with such a head of waters; but a modest undertaking within our means would give us a supply that would serve our purpose. Had there been but a pipe laid from Mr. Youdale's waterworks down IHigh-street, and had a free supply been thus availalle when the engine arrived on the ground on Tuesday, there would have been at least the possi bility of confining the fire within much narrower limits. But one great advantage of waterworks, as a precaution against fire, is that they would be self-supporting, if not at first wholly, at least in great part. A water-rate that would cost the great body of our people less than they now pay for the water they buy, would give them a better supply, and probably pay the interest on the cost of con structing the works, besides the working ex penses. As, the population increases, a better supply than we now possess will be come absolutely necessary, on sanitary :grounds. The usteflnessofthe undertaking, as a precaution against fire, will be a merely secondury view of the question. The works will be required independently of that. But the danger from fire is, in the meantime, none tihe lessimminent. It may be renlised any day, iti spite of niall our care. Why not then, whilst tile pressure of the lanto calamuity is still upon us, accept it as an inducemont for promptly engaging in a work that we must engage in sooner or later, and that will, by its early completion, add inmmensely to the comfort, thle health, and the safety of the townspeoplo? Thoae is anotlher reason, and not the least, for "speedy execution," as the lawyers say. The work is one that falls properly within the province of the municipal council. The council at prosont obtaiins fromn government an endownmoet equal in amount to tlhe rates it collects. Within a few yoai's toe proportion of endowment will be ro duced to one-half tihe amount of the rates and assessinents. After anothler interval, it will fall to oue-fourtlh; and after a third, thIe oendowmneont will ceaso altogethero: Tlhesr, tlheon, are the palny days of the couiicil; and utloss the progress of the town he rapid iil the extreme, so ns to compensate foibr the re duction of the endowment, we shall have groeatoidilclealties to overcomeuo in executing a heavy work like this, as year after year passes away. Not long ago Deniliquin was supplied with vogolables from Sundhlurst; Clhinese gardonors driving from the one town to the othor, a distance of 120 miles, and finding a lprofitable market for tihe garden produce they carried. Tho Culestials, howover, dis covered that the plains woro not inhlospiF rable, and were the first to form gardens on tlhe river Edwards. ThIe results are alluded to in thIe Pastoral Times as follows: Thanks to the three Chinese gatdeners, wvho somno months since settled down in the town, theoro has been, this summer, no scarcity of fresh vegetables. In former years a cabbage, unless it was brought from Sanldhlrst as a treasure, was never seoon, whilst lettuces, or even radishles, were never thought of. The Chlinanmton showed the way to grow vegetables in thIe hottest part of the year.; and this example is being followed by lotellkeeopers and otlhers, much to the bnoeit of the health of the community. If such happy results cln be obtained by watering the garden thrico daily, wlhat could not be done o an oextonded scalo of irrigation? Many .of our plains are as level as a land ltcked lake, and are most admirably adapted for irrigating purposes. The great expense of levellinig would be entirely avoided, and a Cornish engi,,e on the river might give a supply ol water that, after being used for irrigating ilrpsoes, could be conveyed in a ,nace to back Iblocks. Tho power of the plains is liut little understood; their latentt wealth is enormous, and must be utilisod. The smiuggleor sooeems to be busy in the out-lying districts, though hlis:cunnming is uteqiull' to thIe task of proventinig detection. A seizure of some imnointnnco is recorded, as follows, by tlhe oKyneton Observer :-Thi scene of operationis was in (i wild and rugged dell, in the neighbourhood of Glenri Impie and Langley, and no place more suit able for carrying on extensive- operations cbuld be conceived. About twelve o'clock at night the -police, havirg tatiken every precaution" ini tih endeavour- to 'effect a surprise, arrived at the scene of opeoi;rations; but the nature of the country prevented their approach remaining undiscovered, and they found that thie birds ihad flown. - It had, Ihowever, been so well managed by Inspector Gieon, that no time was givez?i ti'ein to re cover any of tie things, and tithe police seized a plint with oevery appurtenance for carrying on extensive operations. There was even a quantity of pot-ie ready for the still. The entire plhmnt- and working gear were most artfully concealed in a thick mi mi scrub by the bed of thie creek, which runs through a very steep and precipitous ravine. Possessioh was taken of the ap purtenances by Inspector Green, and all that was of any value was forwarded into I~yneton, thie rest being destroyed. Great credit is due to tile inspector and the police for the persdverncee and energy they have displayed in endeavouring to put a. stop to illicit distilling in this district. It was calculated by Mr. Moody, chief inspector of distilleries, that thie amount saved to the revenue thlrough the reent seizure at tine Green-hill, by comnputing thie amount that could have passed through the still, was Ie tween £4000 and £5000 for one year only. The still now seized is of equal proportions to the one referred to. Messrs. Degraves and Co. have set an ex ample worthy of all praise in connexion with thle late bush-fires, as appears from the fol lowing advertisement in the local papers : "Notice.-Those frnmers who have lost so severely by the late fires, being indebted to sis, are requested to call and obtain receipted accounts. WV. L)egraves and Co., Campnspe and Montpellier Mills, March 10, 1865." A simple but effective means of preventing petty crimes by Chinamnen was latey resorted to-that of cutting off their tails. It seems, however, to have been defeated at Sandhust by a practice, of which the higher authori ties would not seemn to be aware. The Bendigo Independent has tihe following on the subject :-MIost of our readers are aware that when Chinese prisoners enter the Sandhurst gaol their tails are cut off. Amongst the Celestial fraternity the loss of a tail is considered a lasting disgrace; and no doubt this system inflicts a severe punish mout on the ollBnders. But it appears that whellon the prisoner's time Ihas expired, lie is presented with his tail, which lhe carries away in triumph, and it is very soon placed in its original lpsition. This, in a great measuro, does away with tihe severity of the punislimint originally intended. THE BusHnsnaGsoIco Acv.-Theo Felons' Apprehension Bill lhas passed the Repre sentativo Clhamber, and in a few days will blot the statute book of the country. Pre pared by those lwho seek to supplement tlhe niotorious inefficiency of their police by3 investing them with unoesxamploed and dan gerous authority--carried amidst a state of unreasoning and disgrscfful terrorism, it is not too much to predict that the measure will be found as usoloss as it will inevitablly be unpopular. That it will be of tihe slight est service in niding the operations of the polico we cannot believo. They haveo hitherto manifested no great tenderness for humani lifo, exceplt their ow'n, in their en counters with the bushlrangers. They have shown no disinclination to fire upon the out laws, have exhibited no apprehensions about taking lifo which would justify the legisla tiro in presuming that tlhey would be more confident if protected by the provisions of such an act as this. They have fired suflfici ently often-the subject of complaint is that they never hit their objects. It is really 1pinfil to read tile speches of some honor hle membors of the Assembly, who are manifestly under the delusion that accuracy of nimn on the part of tile police can be secured by Act of Parliameont. It is humili-. ating to notice with what eagerness the most sweooping innovations upon our criminal law wore accepted, and how loudly the proposers of still more' dangerous measures were applauded. Can anyone believoe that under the law as it stands at present any police officer requires protection in shooting down such ruflians as the band now infesting the interior? With regard to tlhe provisions against persons harboring or assisting the bushrangers, furnishing false or withholding true information about them, what can be said but that these clauses are in the worst dogree loosely constructed, capable of being mnde the instruments of groeat oupression, end insufforable despotism. It is inpossible to believe that the people of the interior are to any appreciable extont sympathisers with those criminals. It has been over and over again asserted that this is the case; but the assertion is made by those whose incapacity is screened by tile charge. What are the hcts establisheod by any trustworthy evidence of the existence of this complicity? We have had one or two prosecutions of aban doned persons for this offence, extending over a period of several years. If the police know of this harboring-why were not the harborers prosecuted, their houses watched, their crimes discovered ? The law has been always sufficiently strong to deal with this class of offenders. Nothing was required but their approlehension and satisfactory proof of their guilt. As it is we have withdrawn many of tihe safeguards of our constitution, whllich guaranteed the sacredness of human lirfe, not from tihe weakness of the law, but firomn the incompetency of its ministers. We have placed in the hands of imperfectly edu catod men, exercising nuthority in remote parts of tile country, and not subject to any great control,'powers so vast that despotic sovereigns would hesitate to invest with such privileges their highly disciplined eom mnnders. We lhave no fiaitlh that anything will he accomplished by Mr. Darvall's act but increased bloodshed, insecurity, and con fusion. -Freeman's Journal. - -Mr. Leitoh Hitchio, the well-known author, died recently at East Greenuiclh. Mlr. Ritchie resided for several years in Edinburgh, while acting as literary con ductor of Chambers's Journal. As an author Leitch Ritchie enjoyed an extensive reputa tion, acquired by some fortunate hits early in life, and which his industry and persever aice, combined with his natural talent and excellent taste, enabled him steadily to sus tain throughout some forty years of hlard literary labor. Shrewsbury has beeoon the scene of a swindle so origlinal in conception, and. so bold in the carrying out, as to claim a special page in the annals of crime. The other night a quiot-looking Welshman called in at the police-office, and apked for the assistance of one of the men in order to offect the capture of a thief whom hlie was in search of, anld who had just taken up his qiuarters in the town. The applicant intro duced himself as John Morgan, of Carmnr thon borough police forco, and produced a warrant, duly signed, for the apprehension of a man charged with stealing a gold ivatch, ring, chain, and other articles, from an hotel in Carmarthen. An officer was ac cordingly placed at his command, and the two men went to the Raven Hotel and tookl into custody a gentlemen who was staying there, and whom Morgan pointed out as the party wanted. The prisoner was searched, and a gold watch, chain, and ring, which he wore, were at once recognised by the Car marthen policeman as the stolen property, and, as such, he took charge of them, in ad dition to about £9 in gold, which was found in the prisoner's purse. On the following mornirug Morgan and hIis charge appeared in thIe local police-court, and on his again pro ducing'tlhe warrant, and swearing that tihe property found in the possession of the prisoner was thalt which had been stolen, the magistrates granted a remand until the next day The prisoner gave his name as Charles Aslrwortl, and protested that he knew nothing about the charge. . He requested per mission to communicate with hIris friendc but on receiving from Morgan a hint thlt thero was another concerned in it, and that a elegram might spoil his chanco of effeoting a second capture, the magistrates refused the 'equest, and Mr. Ashworth was removed in custody. The next morning the prisoner Igain duly appeared in court, but the prose etutor was gone, and so were the watch, chain, ring, and money; and several facts began to transpire which raised grave doubts as to whether they would ever be seen again. A gentleman well known in Shrews buiy came forward and declared that Mr. Ashworth lived atEgerton-hall, near Bolton, and that his father was chairman of the Manchester Chamber of Commerce. Of course Mr. Ashworth was immediately dis charged, with many apologies for the incon oenience he had been put to ; and the police authorities wrote to their brethren at Car marthen, demanding explanations of the ex traordinary conduct of their representative. The explanation came after the lapse of another day, when it transpired that the Shrewsbury police and bench of magistrates had been tools in the hands of a sharper. Measures were promptly taken to discover the whereabouts of John Morgan, of the Carmarthen borough police. The culprit, on being arrested a few days afterwards, ad mitted his guilt; and said that if the police or the magistrates had read the warrant on the day of Mr. Ashworth's arrest, they would have found it was dated 1851, being an old one of the county of Brecon. The prisoner was committed for trial. A story that General Hooker las been left immensely rich by the death of a. Mexican wife, is thus disposed of by the San Francisco Alta:-1st. General Hook or's wife was not rich when he married her, nor at any other time. 2nd. General Hooker's wife was not a Mexican. 3rd. General Hooker's wifo is not dead. 4th. Genera l .ooker never had a wife. The Rev. Mr. Macnaught, one of the most popular preachers in Liverpool, and who for some time was incumbent of St. Chrysostom's Church, in that town, having been censured by the Bishop of Chester for some connoxion with tile authors of Essays and Reviews, seceded from the church, and has been called to the bar. A curious resolution has been submitted to the United States Senate. Mr. Saulsbury (Dem. Del.) submitted the following: " Resolved, that the chalplain of the Senate be respeotfully requested hereafter to pray and supplicate Almighty God in our bohalf, and not to lecture him, informing Ihim, under pretence of prayer, his(said chaplain's) opinion in reference to his duty as tihe Almighty; and that tile said chaplain be further requested as aforesaid not, under tihe form of prayor, to lecture the Senate in rebtiton to questions before the body." In the Norwegian mines a singular cus tom is observed in paying the weekly wages of the men. They all present themselves on Saturday evening to the inspector, who, having settled accounts with each, bids him turn round, and writes in white chalk upon his black back the sum due to him. Thus numbered, the man goes to the cashier, who also turns him round to look at the figures, and pays him withouthavig a word to say. -Buildor. The honour of being the best slhot out of the ontire British army falls this year upon Sergeant Farncomb, of the 4th 3Battalion Riflo brigade, at present stationed at Win chester garrison. At the Adelphi Theatre, Liverpool, on boxing-night, while the pantomime was leing performed, an alarm of fire was raised by some one in the pit. The crushing? thant ensned was terrific, and several persons were trodden under folot and injured. The gallery was packed with a number of young persons, and on the alarm being given there was a terrible rush made for the staircase, and the utmost confusion for a time prevailed. On order being restored, it was shown that tlhe alarm was entirely gronndless, and that no fire had taken place. It was found that in the crush several persons, chiefly boys, had received contusions, bruises, &c.; They woro taken to St. Anne's dispensary, where they received every attention. The staircase leading f'om the gallery of the theatre and other parts of the building were somewhat broken in the crush, bht beyond that no s1erious damage occurred, and after order was restored the performance went on as us ll.l1 Major-General ]3relkirmidge, commanding a Confederate division, has issued thle fol lowing order:--leadquarters, West Vir giia and Elist Tennessee, Wythesville, Va., Dec. 2nd, 1864. In accordance witl instruc tions received from the ordnance department at Richmond, that it has become of vital importance to husband small arms, ammuni tion, and lead, the following order is pub lishled :--All lead which can be gleaned from battlefield, or otherwise obtained, will be collected by the brigade ordnance offieirs, and be sent to the nearest arsenal. All arms relieved of their loads for cleaning the balls should be drawn,'if practicable; other wise tie loads should be discharged into' boxes of sand or dirt, so that thle lead may be recovered and turned into the ordnance departmcnt. Tie attention oftheconnmmand ing officer is called to thie necessity giving rise to this order, and its rigid enforcement is strictly enjoined by the commanding officers. (Signed) 3fajor-General Breekin ridge. M. Louis Boyer, a dramatic author, who was for a time director of the Vaudeville, Paris, was in bed when his son entered his room and said, " are you not going, father, to get up to-day ?" "For what purpose ?" was tlhe reply, "it is not yet daylight." It was then ten in the morning. During the night M. Boyer hIad become blind. A celebrated engineer being examined at a triil, where both the judge and counsel tried in vain to brow-beat him, made use in his evidence of the expression, " tthe creative power of a.meclhanic," on which thie judge rather tartly asked him what he meant by "the creative poner of a mnecihanic?"' "'Why, iny lord," said the engineer, " I mean thlat power which enables a man to convert a goat's tail into a judge's wig.", The Rloyal Alfred is at length to be armed. There has been a vast amount of indecision about her fate, but the conclusion arrived at is tlhatthe platingis toube of heavier descrip tion, six-imnch for the most part. She was clad amid;ships with fotir and a-half inch plate, which is to be supplanted with six-inch plate. There are to be ten 300-pounderrs workled on a broadside in a square tower of six-inch metal. For tile first time in the history of the Corporation of London, a Parsee gentleman applied to the Court of Aldermen for per mission to practice the profession of a broker in tle city of London. The applicant was Burzorgee Doraljee Burzorjee, and he asked to be permitted to act as a produce general broker. The court gave the reqluisite per mission with every mark of respect.-Globo. A New York editor says:-To be a woman of fashion is one of the easiest things in tihe. world. A late writer thus describes it: Buy everjthli g you don't want, and pay for nothing you get; smile on all mankind but your husband; be happy everywhere but at homoe; neglect your children and nurse lap dogs; go to church every time you get a new dress. "You say," said the judge to a German, who was tried for bigamy, "the clergyman who married you to your first wife author ised you to take sixteen? What do you mean by that? "-" Yell," said Hans, "lie dold me dad I should have four patter, four vorsoer, four richer, and four boorer--and in our country four dimes four make six deen." "This is the last rose of summer ! " ex claimed a wag, as he rose from his bed on the 31st of August. A CONSIDERABLE SUM Or Sonnow.-The national debt incurred by the Federal states up to the present time is calculated to ambunt to about £600,000,000. Almost all that money has been spent in mnaking widows and orphans. How many wives and children would half of it have made happy? A rascally bachelor calls the friendship of two women "always a plot against a third." Can the incoherent expressions of a man in a fit be considered words fitly spoken. When a telegraphio operator is killed by a flash of lightning along the wire, he gets a despatch. Freddy is a little one of seven years' growth, the son of a minister, who, with his wife, has just arrived at a new field of labor. Hearing his mother say to his father that she lhad been deceived by his saying the parsonage was a three-story building, when, in fact, it was only two, he said: " na."-" Well, Freddy ? "--"' Pa is right ? "-" How is that, Freddy ?" " The kitchen is one."-" Yes."-" This floor is two, and the story that pa told is three!" A contemporary tells us of a well-known character, who frequently figured on juries. Whoen on a jury, as soon as they lhad retired to their room to deliberate, hlie would button up his coat and turn in on a bench, exclaim ing, "gentlemen, I'm'for bringink in 'a verdict for tile plaintiff (or defendant, as he had settled his mind), and all creation can't move me. Therefore, as soon as you have all agreed with me, wake me up, and we'll go in." m , a Punish a hungry man as they used to punish the bodies of suicides- drive a stealk into him. "Did you know. I was here ?"" said the bellows to tile fire.. "Ohl, yes, I:'al??,ys contrive t) get wind of you," was the reply. " Confusion to thei man," as the carpenter said, "who first invented working by candle-: light." ' "Aye, or by daylight: either," re joined his apprentice. " Do you endorsoe a scoundrel whnoa you make your mark upon his back ? "That man is a thief," said a wag, point ingr to a reportor. "Why so?" inquired his friend. "Why," cried he, "' do you liot see ho is taking notes?" 