TELEURA PillC D ESP A TCHES, DAYLESFORD, Saturday-It has been discovered that the Union Gold Mining Company have driven under the Church of England reserve, endangering the foundations of the .school-house, and it is said that about 600 ounces of gold have been taken out. Application is to be made to a court of equity for an injunction. Another large bush-fire is raging within about half a mile of the town. SYDNEY, Saturday-Telegraphic communication has been extended to Araluen. Business is without much change. Eice is held for an advance of L.2. Sailed- City of Melbourne and Bar won, steamers, for Melbourne; and ; iberator, for London Additional items, extracted from Messrs Greville and Bird's (ileuter's agents'; telegrams : SYDNEY, .March 4-The Sydney Morning Herald, in an article this morning, suggests that How's Island might bo made into a penal establishment for the Australian colonies. ADELAIDE, March 4-The ship Blackball is ex pected to arrive at Port Augusta in the beginning of November next,with 100 camels, from twenty to fifty - two years old; some Persian donkeys, Angora goats, and twenty-live Arab grooms, for the firm of Elder, Smith and Co.-Argus. EAGLEH\WK MINING. - People have ceascd crying for water in the Eaglehawk district, and are now patiently waiting till it conies, as to when that will be Saxby, of course, must be consulted. The yield ofAlluvial gold for the past week is very small. Among the cakes are four reported by the Bank of Nc.v Sc,u!h Wales, namely, from Pascoe and Company, North Specimen Hill Reef, 35'ozs 3 dwts ; North Specimen Hill Company, 45 ozs 17 dwts; Cook and Company, 3:) oz-.; North Catherine Jleef Company, 118 0Z3 2 dwts, from thirty-six tons of quirtz. Ma GIBBS' LEAS;:.-We are requested to state, in reference to a notice which appeared in yester day's i3su?, notifying that an application for a lease o:i the Victoria R^ef to George Gibbs had been, refused, that two applications by G. Gibbs had been made for the same ground, and whereas one was gazetted, on the 17th of February as beiag granted, the other, as a matter of course, bas been refused. 