Local & Domestic Intelligence. We regret to announce the death, at his residence in Fremantle, on Monday last, of Mr Daniel Scott, after a somewhat lingering illness. Mr Scott was among the first settlers, arriving in August, 1829, by the Calista, which was the first ship after the Parmelia had landed the Governor and Staff. The death of this gentleman reduces to a very narrow compass the number of the actual pioneers of our colony, and he is lamented by a numerous family and circle of friends, as one of large-hearted enterprise and benevolence. A NORTHAM CORRESPONDENT says— "The bricks are being got ready for the erection of the Northam school, and the proposed addition to the church ; so that the educational requirements of the young, and the spiritual welfare of the adults will at last be cared for. It is still a disgrace that nothing is being done towards the erection of a lock-up, or court-house, in which the Newcastle Magistrate, when he condescends to visit us, could hold his "levée," while meting out the law to the delinquents of the district. I am sorry to say that several of the cockatoo farmers were lately burnt out by bush-fires, and that we have in conse- quence been infested by "beggars on horseback" in seeking subscriptions." ONE of the bad effects of the late depression of the sandalwood trade is the scarcity in our market of some necessary articles of Eastern produce. There is at present no brown sugar to be had in quantity at any price, nor has any grain been obtainable for some time past. The increased production of barley may with advantage replace the latter, but the former is indispensible. The principal buildings in course of erection in Perth are now nearly completed, or in a forward state. The first portion of the new Pensioners' Barracks is now nearly finished externally, and, elevated as it is on the declivity of Mount Eliza, begins to have a very imposing appearance. An additional wind facing the river, is also, we hear, to be erected. The external work of that unique building the Trinity Independent Chapel, is also finished, and the internal arrangements are to be of a neat, plain description, the structure will very soon be ready for the performances of divine service. An addition is being made to the tower of the Roman Catholic Cathedral, which is nearly all the work that is required to complete this building. ON Thursday the searching party for the missing explorers (Messrs Panter and Harding, and Constable Goldwyer) left Fremantle in the Clarence Packet. They will be accompanied by the mate of the vessel, who will from time to time take their position while prosecuting their search, so that on the whole, the party has been rendered as effi- cient as circumstances would allow. It would, however, have been more satisfactory if the Govern- ment had used more despatch, as there was no occa- sion for nearly a fortnight's delay from the receipt of the melancholy intelligence to the date of departure of the rescuing party, Mr Padbury having immediately placed the Clarence Packet at the disposal of the authorities. Many are the surmises and fore- bodings as to the fate of the unfortunate explorers, but as the utmost expedition will be used by the enterprising leader, Mr M. Brown, we may reasonably hope that ere many weeks have elapsed something tangible will be known about them. WESTERN AUSTRALIAN RACES — On Monday 31 horses were entered for the races, to come off to-day and to-morrow. The following is a list of the various races and the horses to run : — FH2ST DAT, Maiden Plate of £50, with a sweepstakes of £S each, Mr- OWTs gy. gid. Brukland, Mr. H. L. Cole's m. Calypso. Mr. J. B. Socket b. gid. Garrogin, Mr. T. Wilding's * gid. Goldwire, Mr. C. Voa Bibra's g. h. The Insolyent, Mr. C. -SS^sch.m. Lofty, Mr. G. Slater's dark b. gid. Koyal Cbaxde. and Mr W; B. MiteheU's bay or br gid. Southerner. POBHCASS* Pdkse, of £—. Sweepeiakis £3, each. Mr BL Wilson's ch. a. Publican, Mr. T. Wilding's g. g. Gold wire, Mr. Xi. Von B3-re*B b. 'h. Marksman, and Mr. W. B. MUAett's «. g. Star^Hhe South. liAons1 FimsB,ofdSO, witti a sweepstakes of £2 each. Mr. J. B. Locke's b. gid. Garrogin, Mr. G- C. Attfield s b~. rid. Bnshman, Mr. G Chitty's ch. mare Fanny, and Mr. Wrs. Mitchell'8 ch. gid. Star of the South. SECOND DAT. Volunteer Pi^te, of £ — Sweepstakes of £i 10s Mr G. C Attfield'8 b. gid. Bushman, Mr. C, Von Bibra's i-. h. H»ri''''tr, and Mr. G. Slater's dark b. gid. Boyai Charlie. Setters' Stakes of £—. Sweepstakes £2 each. Distance, 1* mfles; heats* Mr. H. L. Cole's m. Calypso, JCr. Gull's gy. gid. Bruckland, Mr. J. B. IiOcke's b. gid. ?Garrogin, Mr. Purser's ch. gid. Publican, Mr. a Von ffib ra'fi iron gy. entire The Baron, and Mr. W- B. Mitchell s bay or brown gid. Southerner. Queen's Plate of £100. Distance, 3 miles. Mr. G. C Attfield's b. eld. Boshman, Mr. T. Wilding's s. gid. Gold wire, Mr. C. Von Bibra's The Insolvent, Mr. C. Von Bibra's Marksman, Mr. C Chitty's m, Fanny, Mr. G. Slater 8 dark b. gWL Eoyal Charlie, and Mr. W. B. Mitchell's ch. Star of the South. Consolation Stakes, of £—, with a sweepstakes of JEl each. For beaten horses. Hack Race, lA miles. Sweepstakes of £1 With £— added. Catch weights. ? ♦-^ ? To CoBBESWMTDEKTS. — «H,' u Happy Jack,*' and a H. S. R.,' must stand over untilnext week. 