THE BUSH FIRES OF "BLACK MONDAY." The following detailed account of the terrible disasters occasioned by the bush-fires on Black Monday," as the 27th day of February is now known by, will no doubt, be found of interest: Monday in Sandhurst was the hottest, the dustiest, the most miserable, and the most un bearable day we have had, not only this season, but for many seasons previous. Early in the day a fierce hot wind commenced to blow, driving an atmosphere like the blast from a furnace in the face of any one who had to go into the street. While scorching the unfortunate foot passengers with its heated breath, the wind was strong enough to lift that horrible road mixture of the Town Clerk's from the surtace of the streets, and in addition to being half scorched by the hot wind one was totally blinded by the clouds of dust. Between two and three o'clock the thermometer marked 105 degs in the shade in Pall Mall, while about that time large bush fires were observed in nearly every direction around Sandhurst. The glare from the bush fires was distinctly visible on the horizon round about the town A large fire, which appeared to be burning in the direction of the Upper Sheep- wash, threw up a reflection which led many to believe that a large fire was consuming some of the houses situated in the Southern portion of Sandhurst; while another large fire, to the East ward, also illuminated the sky in that direction. Monday, it may be stated, was one of Saxby's days-or, rather, followed closely one of his days- on which was predicted an atmospherical disturbance. About nine o'clock a perceptible change to a cooler atmosphere took place, and after one or two threatening showers, the rain commenced to come down with considerable force until about eleven o'clock, when it ceased. The gale did considerable damage amongst frail build ings. Between twelve and one o'clock the gale seemed to be blowing its hardest, and at that time the roof of Jones' brewery, McCrae Street, was blown off. The iron roof and verandah of Mr Savern's dwelling, Bernal Street, was also carried away by the wind. One of the front windows of the Mechanics Institute was blown right in, and fell ouna beautiful specimen of coral in a glass case, both of which were smashed, the damage done being estimated at L6. In other places the roofs of houses not firmly fixed were also lifted up by the strong gusts of wind. From Mount Alexander to the Cam- paspe, along that side of the country, and from Bullock Creek to the Whipstick on the other, the fires ranged in a greater or lesser degree. An informant, who arrived in Sandhurst yester day from the neighbourhood of Mount Alexander, states that the fire first showed on the Eastern side of the mount, about 11 o'clock in the day, and in a few hours had extended some eight or ten miles, no exertions which the settlers, who had farms in its track, could make was sufficient to arrest its progress, the flames, it is stated, flew along with as great velocity as a gallopping horse. Many portions of that locality consisted of scrubby bush and long grass, which fed the flames as they roared along. We have been unable to ascertain the exact losses sustained, but it is stated that as many as twenty homesteads, with crops, and everything they contained, have been totally destroyed, and their owners rendered homeless. The homesteads of Mr Kelon and of Mr M'Lennan were amongst the number. The large paddock of Mr Jamieson and the Mount Alexander paddock have had every blade of grass and stick of timber burned off. The large fire which was observed to the south of Sandhurst at night has burned a tract of country from eight to ten miles in extent. The greatest destruction appears to have been caused to the homesteads on the Emu and Myrtle Creeks. On the former, the large farm of Mr Michael Brennan has been consumed, with the exception of the house, which, by great exertion, was saved. All the crops, hay and corn, which had only just been stacked, fell a prey to the flames, the loss being estimated at about £500. Mr Brennan's next neighbor, Mr Osborn, also had his stacked crops totally destroyed. On the farms of Mr Tobin and of Mr Howard, situated lower down the creek, the fire was carried be yond the fences, despite the efforts of the people, who were trying to drive it back, and caused considerable destruction to the stacks. At the Sheepwash, although the fire was burning with equal fierceness in the bush, it caused less destruc tion to the crops of the settlers. Messrs Goudge and Sibley's extensive premises on the Sheepwash Creek had a very narrow escape, the flames, in more than one instance, penetrated beyond the fences, but by the unceasing exertions of the men engaged in cutting away the burning timber, and the plentiful use of water the place was saved. At Lockwood and Bullock Creek, although no au thentic information of any destruction has been yet received, we believe that the homesteads and farms of several of the small settlers have suffered. The fire at one period of the evening of Monday was so close to the fence of the Police Paddock at Lockwood that the constable in charge got out the horses and made other preparations for removal. The property of Judge Skinner had a second narrow escape. The bush fire which occurred near Bullock Creek some few days previously, destroyed between two and three hundred acres of the grass in His Honor's paddock. Between the Whipstick and Lower Huntly the fire travelled, we are in formed, with great rapidity, but fortunately with out meeting with anything more valuable than the bush timber. The foregoing account contains we fully believe only a tithe of the destruction caused. Previous to the occurrence of the fire of Monday, the long-continued drought had caused the crops in the district to be less plentiful, and the grass to be scarcer than has been experienced for some seasons past; but the devastation caused by the fire, and especially to the grass, has produced still more disastrous evils that will be felt by many for some time to come. Late last evening we re ceived information that the bush fires which had raged furiously on the previous day along the railway line, had, in most places, been ex tinguished by the smart shower of rain which fell. On Mount Macedon a number of stumps and logs were still smouldering, and should any fierce winds arise, would, no doubt, set the moun tain in a blaze again. It is stated that two saw mills have been destroyed on the mountain. At Harcourt the bush still continues to burn. The following communication, received from a resident at the Emu Creek, gives a painful history of the disasters there: - " I hasten to inform you of a few particulars of the losses occasioned by one of the most extensive bush fires that has ever happened in the district of Bendigo. As you are aware, we have been for some time surrounded with the fiery element, which has raged with fury, defying the joint exer- tions of the settlers to subdue it. It broke out yesterday with all the intensity and appearance of a burning fiery furnace, carrying consternation and ruin in its progress, and at night the sight was one terrible to behold, the trees, in burning masses casting their lurid glare around, and then the loud thundering clash of their falling was enough to make one tremble for their safety. The sight of the burning stacks of wheat, oats, hay, and dwellings of one's neighbours brought the tears from many an eye, knowing the sorrow and distress which invariably follows such unforeseen calamities; and, Sir, you may judge of my feel ings, whilst I have been so signally preserved, to find my rich neighbours caring for the loss and ruin of those rendered houseless and helpless, by coming forward to suggest a meeting at the Emu Creek school house to-morrow evening (Wednes day) to alleviate the distress of the unfortunate, and whilst my friend, Mr Brennan, though a sufferer to the extent of some L500, when asked, generously exclaimed, I am not stuck for a pound, but do all you can for Mr Osborne, and others that need it," shows at once the manliness of character under such painful circumstances, and recommends self abnegation to others." The following account is also from a corres- pondent at the Emu Creek: Monday, the 27th day of February will be long remembered by the people of the Upper Emu Creek and its neighborhood as one of their " red letter'' days ; let us hope that it has not a more extended application. From an early hour in the morning the day had a most unusual look, and about ten o'clock when the sun shone forth, it was with a wild red glare, as if partially eclipsed. At eleven o'clock the Thermometer stood at 90° in the shade, and in half-an-hour rose 5° more. The wind was now blowing half a gale from the North, varying a point or two to the West. Unfortunately right to windward lay a piece of scrubby country, ex tending from the head of the Sheepwash Creek to the Emu, this was the only spot in the neighborhood that had not been burned; for the district had already during the season been visited by no fewer than four bush fires. At a quarter before twelve o'clock the heat be came oppressive, the glass rose suddenly to 105° and large volumes of smoke came up from windward. From the point from which the smoke was coining Mr Brennan's house and pro perty stood in most danger, and the inmates began to remove the furniture and throw it into the creek, which is close at hand. In about ten minutes the fire made its appearance on the top of a hill, about three quarters of a mile in front of the house. I have had many opportunities of seeing bush fires, but this was not an ordinary one, instead of creeping along the ground, as it usually does at various paces, the fire in question came sailing in mid-air through the thick stringy-bark trees, with which this part of the district is covered, and before the main body had reached within half-a-mile of the place,the ceiling of Mr Brennan's house caught fire, a few timely buckets of water extinguished this. Next, a plot of grass at the east end of the house burst into flames, this was a more formidable enemy ; one hand was left to watch the house and all the others went at this; the wind had now the force of a gale carrying the fire in a southerly direction, and as there was no brush a few seconds conveyed it over the light grass, strew ing it past the stack-yard, and taking it within three feet of a stack of wheat. Another hand was left to watch this, when all the available help rushed to the west side, where the main body of the fire had now come up, only separated by a well-trod den road, in fact in a different parish. The first who endeavored to cross the road was beaten back. One man opened the pig-stye where there were six pigs, three of which, got burned alive in trying to escape, the other three are still living. Plenty of help now came up, and the houses and stack-yard were still safe; the stack yard, piggery and an old, straw-stack, on the Mandurang side were in flames, the glass now marked 130°. The main body of the fire had now gone by the dwelling house, but a current of flame kept falling in the stackyard; water was poured over the stack, and all the available wet blankets used, and Mr Brennan kept cheering the men, telling them that if they could hold out fifteen minutes longer the worst would be over; up to this time the stack had caught fire three times, and the fire been as often extinguished by the daring efforts of some individual; in one case when an oat stack caught fire a young colonist, son of Mr M'Encroe, jumped, into the flame and with a wet blanket extinguished it. But this could not last much longer. An- oat stack to leeward caught in several places at the same moment; then the wheat; and next the hay, and in a few seconds the produce of about eighty acres of land was in a flame, and no ves tige was left of the whole of the season's crop, and not one shilling's worth had been disposed of up to this time. The houses were saved with strenuous exertion. Mr. Osbourne's farm was the next to suffer, and there being no help the contest was an unequal one. He had put the fire past on the Mandurang side, but ere the fire entered his paddock from Mr Brennan's, Mr Osbourne's straw stack caught from flames carried more than four hundred yards; he saved his dwelling-house ; every other thing is gone-crops, carts, harness, fowls, and all his fences, his boots were burned on his feet, and his face scorched, and the worst fears were enter tained that Mrs Osbourne and the children could not escape ; indeed had the dwelling-house caught fire there is reason to believe they could not have got away, as it was their only protection , from a very sea of fire. The next in order was Mr Drecksler. He had come down the creek to meet the fire; when looking back he saw his place in flames ; he ran back; saved one box and a spring cart. A charred chimney now marks the spot where a few hours before was a home, and all that makes it dear. Mr McEncroe's barn came next. The intensity of the heat had become considerably modified, from the fact of the ground being ploughed, and no scrub being near; still the yards and the stack caught, but the flames were extinguished without much damage. Mrs Howard (whose husband is in the Hospital with a broken leg) was the next to suffer; she picked up what things she could carry, and ran for safety. All else is gone. Further up the creek I have been unable to ascertain the amount of damage, but on Wellington Flat, and along the eastern slope of the Mount the greater number are entirely burnt out. A little after seven o'clock, a cloud which had for a long time been gathering in the west, and had not made up its mind whether to burst in rain or thunder, yielded a very tempest of wind ; the buildings shook to their very centre, and for a few seconds threatened to collapse; the fire suddenly turned round and now came roaring down the creek over the ground from which it had been turned off at an earlier part of the day. The remains of the burning houses and stacks mounted high in the air, and whirled round in twisted columns. As the darkness closed in the aspect was appallingly grand, and if I could find any simile, it would be a stormy and broken sea all on fire. The thermometer soon fell to 85°, and fresh cool breezes set in from the south, the ground begun suddenly to cool, and the fire, as if satiated with its goodly meal, seemed willing to rest; men bathed their temples in cold water, and women and children began to come forth from their hiding places, and people began to think what they were to do. Not the least calamity of this fire is the fact, that since its occurrence cattle have not a bit to eat, during the fire they collected about the farms and nothing would induce them to go away. About forty small birds took shelter in Mr Brennan's kitchen, and most of them stopped all night. The M. A. Mail gives the following :-" The terrible heat of Monday is accounted for to a great extent by the occurrence of very large bush fires in the vicinity, and at a comparative distance from Castlemaine. A gentleman who came up by the train informs us that on either side of the railway from Taradale to Moonlight Flat and the Mount, the whole country was in a complete blaze. Two miles in length of the railway fencing between Taradale and Elphinstone has been entirely consumed, and it was rumored that the property of Mr Hull, C.E., had also been completely destroyed. Our informant states that the farm of Reynolds, of Taradale, together with valuable stacks of hay, have been reduced to ashes, and that Mr Urquhart's place narrowly escaped the power of the devastating element. The scene, as witnessed from the railway cars, is described as being grand in the extreme. Lofty trees were all in flames, looking in the distance like huge candelabra. The smoke was intolerable, and travellers by the trains were glad to shut the windows to keep the .nuisance out. Speaking of the bush fires in the neighborhood of Taradale, a correspondent writes;-"This (Monday) afternoon, the inhabit ants of Taradale were terrified by the approach of fire towards the township. The fire bell was rung and the inhabitants turned out en masse. The Mayor, Messrs Jansen, Graham, Wilson, and other of the principle men of the town directed the efforts of the men in extinguishing the fire. The whole country north and west of Taradale, appeared in one sheet of flames, and the sky was filled with smoke. The fire seemed to have come from the direction of Mount Alexander, consuming everything in its course. It was asserted that Messrs Hull, .Remolds, and Gillespie, have suffered severe losses, and that the estate of Frog more was almost wholly destroyed. The fire to wards nightfall presented a magnificent spectacle. From another source, we learn that the farm of Mr M'Clellan, in the line of fire near the Junction, narrowly escaped destruction. As it was, two stacks of hay of two tons each were burned. At this place the fire was about one mile in width, and other large farms in the vicinity were placed in great jeopardy. At night, Castle maine was surrounded with a zone of flame, or rather the reflection of burning timber, and the atmosphere was most oppressive and unbreath able. There is no doubt that considerable damage has resulted from these fires. Since the above was written, we have heard that about eighteen homesteads, lying between the Mount and the Junction, have been totally destroyed. Mr Dainty and Mr White have been considerable losers by the fire, and it is reported that the child of Mr Thomas was bnrned in the flames. A. valuable racehorse was also killed. We give these additional particulars exactly as they reached us at a late hour last night. The Ballaarat correspondent of the Age says, I am credibly informed that nearly the whole of what is called Navigators' Village is on fire and that the residents there, both men, women and children, are employed beating it down with boughs of trees, &c.; The Smeaton Hotel, situ ated in the township of that name, was burnt to the ground to-day, and the loss to the proprietor is estimated at Ll,200. A stack containing thirty-five tons of hay and all the garden and fencing were also consumed. I am informed by one gentleman who has just returned from the Castlemaine and Creswick districts, that it was quite melancholy to see the poor people standing in the centre of the roads with hardly any cloth ing-and all their property destroyed by fire. A few miles from Creswick the Chinese could be seen on the tops of their huts pouring water on the roofs while the flames were raging in all di rections. Never since the memorable Black Thursday has this district presented such an ap pearance. At the end of his letter he adds: Fresh news has arrived of some alarming fires in the surrounding districts, but I am unable to send you. any particulars. It is said that Mr Lear month's station is on fire, and that the telegraph posts- towards Ararat have been destroyed. 