GENERAL NEWS. — oo— - In the Melbourne District Court last week, Mr Woolf Davis, a dealer, was fined £100 for import- ing a number of indecent prints, by a vessel lately arrived. They were concealed in a false bottom to a tin case, which would have escaped the attention of the Custom House officer but for the nervous- ness of the importer, who, when desired to explain the value of some of the contents of the case, re- quested the officer to examine for himself. One day last week, a woman named Mary Lynch, who had been placed in the lock- up at Brunswick, on some charge, was discovered by the visiting constable in the act of committing suicide by strangulation with her own hair. So tenaciously and determinedly did she hold fast to the ends that the combined exertions of two constables could only release her by cutting the hair on one side of her head. There is no doubt she would have attained her object, as she was quite black in the face, had she not been opportunely discovered. A case of some interest to Chinese gardeners (says the Ballarat Star), was heard in the Eastern Police Court, on Friday. Some Chinamen were fined by the Bench for having in their gardens some ' unwholesome animal or vegetable matter.' The matter complained of was a solution in jars ; and for the defence it was stated to be only dis- solved guano or bone-dust, and that if the fining was good, it would put a stop to gardening. The magistrates refused to state a case or to stay pro- ceedings. The Free Trade League has a new contem- porary in the ' Yackandandah Beef League,' which was inaugurated on the 4th, when the following re- solution was passed :— ' That this meeting views with alarm the enormous rise in the price of beef by the local butchers ; that they pledge themselves to pay for fresh beef 4d per lb for joints and steaks, corned beef 3d per lb, and 19s per cwt by the quar- ter ; that they advertise for one who will carry on the business of butcher at the reduced rates, and pledge themselves to support him ; that in the event of not meeting with such a party, they form a co-operative society, and that each shareholder contribute the sum of £5 in aid of the required capital.' Another of Morgan's latest atrocities is fur- nished by the Wangaratta Dispatch : — ' On Thursday, as a shepherd was quietly feeding his dogs on the Wallandool Station, about 40 miles from Albury, he received a shot in the thigh from Morgan's revolver. The bushranger afterwards came up to him and said he had mistaken the shep- herd for some one.else. Such was the demoralised state of the people in the neighborhood that the wounded man had to apply to 17 different people before he could get any one to convey him to the Albury Hospital. The wound is not dangerous, and the patient is going on favorably.' Praisworthy Conduct. — The Kyneton Guar- dian says : — ' We see by our advertising columns that Messrs Degraves and Co announce to farmers Who have been losers by the late bush- fires, and are indebted to them at either the Montpeilier or Cam- paspe Mills, that on calling upon them they can ob- tain, a receipt of the amount of their debt. Persons in the position of Messrs Depraves and Co are so frequently oblivious to the sufferings of those in their neighborhood that an instance of such sterling generosity as this should not pass unnoticed ; and we feel it is but due to remark that Messrs Degraves and Co deserve great credit for this liberal action.' Smuggling on the Murray. — Smuggling is carried on to a considerable extent on the Murray, but perhaps very few know how large a trade is car- ried on in this way. Some astonishing revelations have been made to us within the last few days, but not being revenue officers, nor caring very much to lend the Government any assistance in carrying out a most obnoxious system, we do not feel bound to state what we have heard. We can only advise the Customs officers to keep a sharp look-out. At the same time, we do not believe they will benefit in the least by the advice. In some places smuggling is carried on quite openly ; in others with a secrecy and skill which would almost defy detection.— Riverine Herald. Australian Snakes. — A correspondent desires us to inform him what is the largest description of snake in Australia, and to what size the biggest of them attain. The diamond snake in some parts of New South Wales has been found exceeding 15 feet in length. The carpet snake, on the Lower Murray, runs to about 10 feet in length. There is a brown snake, in the mallee scrubs, which has been seen of great length and girth. Some say specimens have been killed measuring nearly 20 feet. Certain it is that many have been seen of so large a size that men who have been in the habit of killing snakes were glad to let them alone. There is also a black snake on the Lower Murray which is very scarce, but is described by several persons who have seen them as being of prodigious kize. The blacks say they are harmless. We have never heard of one having been killed. On the whole, we believe the brown snake of the mallee, called by the blacks ' naudi,' is the largest known species of Australian snakes. When the Murray was first settled, the blacks used to advise the squatters not to venture into the mallee for fear of these reptiles. They have not been found either so big or so numerous as described by the aborigines ; but that they do exist, and are sometimes of enormous size many credible living witnesses can testify. — Riverine Herald. Gold on the Loddon. — A party of men, known as the Loddon Dredging Company, are carrying on boring operations on the reserve between the pad- docks of Mr Menzies, of Park Hill, Two quarts of stuff obtained from a depth of 15 feet were washed, and yielded two bits of gold, each of the size of a very large pin's head. The metal does not possess any water-worn appearance, but of that of gold ob- tained from the matrix. We have the gold before us but not a sample of the earth from which it was washed. The shallow depth from which the pros- pect was obtained would seem to indicate that a trial of the neighborhood for what is meant generally by alluvial workings, might result in the discovery of auriferous deposits attainable by the ordinary miner. The question is one which we should lose no time in solving. Sir Frederick Murchison was, we be- lieve, the first to assert that rich deposits of gold would eventually be found not only under the basalt, but in the granite rocks of this colony. It was a long time before the opinion was proved correct, but under the basalt in the Loddon district the first de- posit (a heavy one) of gold was found, and since that time, in Fiddler's Gully, at Moonlight Flat, it bis been obtained in the granite.— M. A. Mail. ' In one of the English Courts lately, there was a long and learned discussion as to whether a witness Should be allowed to answer the question, ' What did Mary say '? Three Judges gave long and ela- liorate opinions in the affirmative, and the question being repeated, the answer was, 'Not a word'. 