FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1865. In the Legislativo Assembly, yesterday, Mr. VERDON gave notice of his intention to move, on Tuesday, for leave to introducá a bill to authorize the raisjng of a loan not exceeding £600,000, for railway purposes. Mr. HIQINBOTHAM moved for leave to intro- duce a hill to amend the Licensed Abattoirs Act, and explained that the object of the measure was to enable the corporation of Geelong to erect abbatolre within the limits of that town, and to extend to shire councils the powers at present possessed by borough councils with respect to abattoirs. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was brought in and read a ii tat timo. The resolution relating to hanks and cur- rency, passed in committee, WOB reported and adopted, and a bill founded thereon was introduced byMr. M'CULLOOH, and read a first time. The order of the day for the committal of the Public WorkB Law Consolidation Bill was withdrawn, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM intimating his intention to introduce tho measure afresh. The hill, he said, proposed such an amend- ment of the existing law as would require it to be dealt with as an ordinary measure. On the motion of Mr. IIIGINBOTHAM, the Justices Law Consolidation and Amendment Bill was read a second time. The Houso having gone into committee on the bill, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM explained that the mea- sure 'was the same as that passed last seBBion by the House, and assented to by the Legis- lative Council with certain alterations, most of which were now embodied in the bill. The principal alteration was that which deprived the mayors of Melbourne and Geelong of pre- cedence in magisterial courts, and gave to tho Governor in Council the power of suspending those officials from, exercising magisterial functions. The mayors of Melbourne and Geelong would thus be placed on the same footing as the mayors of other boroughs. Mr. J, T. SMITH contended that the At- torney General, instead of seeking to degrade the mayors of Melbourne and GeoloDg,should have endeavoured to elevate to their level tho mayors of other boroughs. Seeing that he had occupied the civic chair as many as seven times, he looked upon the proposal as a reflection upon himself. With regard to tho suspension of mayors, ho begged to observe, that, under the existing law, a mayor who became insolvent, or had to compound with his creditors, was bound to resign. Mr. COHEN expressed similar views. Tho corporations of Melbourne and Geelong, ho observed, existed by virtue of special legisla- tion, and he could not undoratand why tbut special legislation should be Interfered with, He moved that progress ba reported. The motion was agreed to, and progress was reported accordingly, The House adjourned at twenty minutes to seven o'clock, until Tuesday next. The monster evil of the day is begin- ning to develope its monstrosity to au extent which, however satisfactory to a man who argues for a theory and is callous to its consequences, is anything but agreeable to those who, bound up in interest with their brethren, regret to Bee the Bufferings of the many under the stupidity of the few. Possibly if the various loafers of tho metropolis who, with the perfect certainty of securing when it so pleases them, by the honest Bweat of their brows, broad, meat, clothes, a decent houso over their heads, and a steady balance at the savings bank, impudently require a double value for their produce out of the | earnings of the community, and the Mi material quartette, who, for reasons known doubtless to themselves but invisible to all others, indorse their im- pudence, wero to become aware of the practical working of their absurd abor- tion, they might be disposed to recoil, if not from shame, at lcas't from the sense of self-preservation. Even puppies are competent to see after thoir nine days, and our Ministerial pup- pies havo had at least nineteen. Let us see how the matter stands. The cry has been among the very few who have had the audacity to pass from the programme of the scheme into its . details, that tbo complaints of its injurious action are the complaints of the interested few, while the many are hopping about like young lambs in the verdancy of their regene- rated exchequers. Melbourne gives the lie to them. She is beginning already, in her salt, cheese, boots, shoes, coats, <fcc., to feel only too bitterly the result of electing noodles for legislators. Of all description of imports upon which her commercial prosperity depends, tho soft goods are the most important by far. With these she not only supplies her- self and the far-spreading ramifications of her interior population, but through her hitherto upon the whole sagacious policy, has become the entrepôt of the neighbouring colonies. Some half-a dozen years ago the merchants of her minor neighbours imported largely from the mother country. Latterly they havo ceased to do so. Why 1 Because it suited their turn better to buy at short dates in Melbourne cheap, what- ever was at hand, than to undertake the risk of purchasing at even cheaper rates in the English market what might turn out in the long run to be an unprofitable investment. What was the result? A. stream of gold, unin- terrupted in its influx, which poured the life blood of honourable industry through hundreds and thousands of self dependent homes. This steady stream that has been, and might be still, should the Parliament so will it, is at once ar- rested. The petition, which will be found in another part of our columns, from five of the leading importing firms of the city, shows the extent to which their operations are paralysed. The total range of the operation of the tarin' in their cases is an incieased duty of from, 3 to 170 per cent. This is the pressure upon the importer. To the consumer it may be as much, or twice as much, or three times. The merchant, in the natural course of things, recoups himself out of the wholesale dealer, the wholesale dealer out of the retail dealer, the retail dealer out of the public. It is ! hard to reckon the gyrations of the stone once rolling, but woe to those who have started it. The signers of the petition are rich men, no doubt; and so much the better. We cannot have too many rich men among us. Let us see how the Ministerial effort to reduce them to poverty affects those they employ. The petitioners do not say that they cannot carry on business-they can-but it is in the same way as a man restricted in his superfluities very speedily begins to make the effects felt upon those around him. First of all go the clerks, married men with wives and children, who, though not of the chosen race of tailors and shoemakers, are, after all, human beings. They have no cash, and they buy no more boots and coats, and those they bought them from begin to find the difference. Then go the brick- layers, masons, plasterers, et hoc genus omne, who found hitherto ample wages in the constantly-increasing palaces which these merchant princes were erecting, and no doubt, with their hands in their penniless pockets, bless Mr. FRANCIS in their hearts. Buildings in Flinders-lane, erected by one of the firms who sign the petition, recently cost £14,000, which was just so much out of their pockets and into those of their employes. No fear of any more lumps of £14,000 going in this direction. Four buildings of the same kind have been already stopped. At the present time there are lying in the bay seven first-class steam-vessels, which came out under the idea of not finding the colony managed by maniacs, and, till the mania subsides, are riding at anchor without cargo and without crews. Another ..time, the ex- penditure of each would have averaged a very large sum per month. It is of no use to go into more details. The mob clamoured for King Stork, and they have got him with a vengeance. It would be scarcely fair to .ourselves or the British people if they were allowed to interpret the lull in the agitation against convictism as the setting-in of a laisser-faire policy. It would be idle to disguise the fact that such a lull has taken place, that an interval of compara- tive repose has followed the exhaustion of months of irritation ; but it is very far from being symptomatic of a reac- tion in the public mind. The public feeling has doubtless been soothed by the determination of the Imperial Government to yield to its complain- ings, but it is not at all certain that the sense of injury and wrong does not still rankle beneath a comparatively calm surface. It will take something more than an act of Parliament, grudg- ingly given and sulkily worded, to remove the impression which the controversy has left behind it. It would be mere flat- tery to deny that the relations between the mother- country and her wealthiest dependency have received a shock which more or less interferes with the prospect of their friendly readjustment. The re- sentment will probably be in proportion to the wrong. Where so much has to be forgiven, it will be difficult to forget. The discussion has perhaps been con- ducted with as little acrimony as the gravity ot the occasion would allow j but in the course of it, it has been impossible to prevent the rising up to the surface of indications of the current of thought and feeling that underlay it, We have learnt much, and the opportunity may come when wc shall not hesitate to better the instruction. In the candour and heat of the debate we have heard ourselves spoken of in tones, not very gracious indeed, but most certainly sincere, and without disguise. We have sat for our likeness, and our standard has been measured out to us. The Colonial Office has given us its official opinion of our politics, and Earl GREY has passed his judgment on our ethics. Wo aro a nation of democrats, and the scum of the peoples. However, we can ?Very well afford to bear the abuse, so long as we are not thwarted in our righteous ends. The effects of it may not make themselves apparent at the moment, or in tho form they might rea- sonably assume ; but the issue will come at last, and when it does come, it may be found that it has not been re- tarded by recent events. The student of history may learn without a very profound research how colonies are lost and kingdoms made. We believe that we are not over- stating the facts of the case, or raising our expectations too high, when we state that we have yet to be favoured with the neighbourhood of some three thou- sand additional convicts before transpor- tation to Western Australia finally ceases. This is the limit of the concession which we have obtained from the mother country-this is the qualified boon for which we aro called upon to express our national gratitude. This number repre- sents the residuum of the rubbish which is to be shot upon our dustheap before the nuisance is abated altogether. We must, we suppose, be thankful for the smallest mercies, but can we be blamed if we complain that the manner of giving has gone far towards modify- ing our ieelings of thankfulness for the gift ? Can it be wondered at if the pros- pect of having a small population of ruffians domiciled among us, in defiance of all our protests, does not create that profound satisfaction and contentment which The Times exhorts us to feel ? We have been asked not to take undue ad- vantage of our late victory, not to be unduly elated ; and there can be no doubt a better precaution for moderat- ing the pride of conquest and temper- ing our triumph could not have been devised. Another such victory on such terms would in fact undo us. To make it one of the conditions of our success that we should submit to surrender so much of what we fought for, would be to reduce us to a worse state than before we joined battle. It would have been better to prolong the war than to treat on such terms. The results of the negotia- tion, as far as the immediate benefit to be derived from it is concerned, are certainly not such as to awaken a very lively gratitude. We have, with an excess of good nature, allowed our- selves to be satisfied with a treaty which for some time to come must be as disastrous as the grievance about which we originally joined issue. Our oppo- nents have really gained a diplomatic victory, and the spolia opima which fall to our share are of the most doubtful character possible. In fact, so trifling is the immediate advan- tage to ourselves, that the question of peace depends only upon the in- tegrity with which the terms of peace are observed on the other side. The slightest violation of them, any attempt to get rid of the letter or spirit, would be the signal for a renewal of hostilities. We havo no desire to grumble at the hardness of the stipulations into which inferior powers of strategy may have led us ; we have not forgotten the homilies which have been read to us by the English press on the virtue and efiicacy of loyalty and faith ; but we have no hesitation in saying that so little has been done to deserve our confidence that every item of the bargain must be ful- filled in order to keep it. The Legislative Assembly sat a little over two hours yesterday, and then adjourned until Tuesday. In the course of a discussion, yesterday, in committee of the Legislative Assembly on the Justices Law Consolidation and Amend- ment Bill, Mr. Kerferd inquired whether the Government intended to issue a new com- mission of the peace. The Attorney-General replied thot the subject was under the con- sideration of the Minister of Justice. The Hon. T. T. A'Beckott, who has ob- tained a twelvemonth's leave of absence from tho Legislative Council, returns to England by the mail steamer, leaving to day. An ad- dress, numerously signed by the clergy and laity of the Church of England, was presented to Mr. A'Beckett yesterday, in acknowledge- ment of the " conscientious zeal and eminent ability" be has displayed in hi j important offices of bishop's registrar and hon. secretary to tbo Church Assembly. Wo have received from Mr. 0. F. Nicholls, the author, a pamphlet on The Probability of a Deep Lead of Qold Round Melbourne. A meeting of the council of the Anti Transportation Leaguo was held in the Town hall on Monday last, at which the honorary secretary read a letter received by him from the private secretary to the Governor, for- warding copy of a despatch from tho Secretary of State for the Colonies, acknowledging the letter addressed to him by the league in Jane, 18G4, and referring for answer to his despatch of 2Cth November last intimating the inten- tion of Her Majesty's Govemmoat to pro po5e,.to Parliomenr, in the next session, mea- sures which, if adopted, will in three j ears render transportation to Western Australia unnecessary. The council resolved that there should be forwarded, through His Excellency the Governor, a letter expressing the gratifi- cation of the colonists at the intelligence of the intentions of the Imperial Govern- ment. That the members of the League have felt that only a full and careful review of the subject of transportation in all its bear- ings was necessary to secare compliance with the prayer of our petitions, being assured that our fellow-conntrymeu in Great Britain are incapable of knowingly acting harshly or unjustly. That, in this belief, the League h as uniformly repudiated the adoption of measures of a retaliatory or offensive cha- racter, and has confined its suggestions to a recommendation that the laws for preventing the influx of criminals into this colony should be rendered more stringent. That the League confidently anticipates that Par- liament will favourably recelvo the measures which Government intend to propose. And that, though the colonists be numerically weak, und are unrepresented in the Legisla- ture, mero generosity will prevent their juBt remonstrances from being disregarded. And finally expresses a hope that the number of convicts to bo Eent to Western Australia may bo as small as circumstances will permit, and that a termination may be put as early as rossible to a system which, so long oA it continues, will keep up a feeling of un- easiness tending to diminish the affec- tion towards the mother country always entertained by the colonists of Victoria, whose loyalty and respectful attachment to their Sovereign has never been impaired. A letter in these terms has since been prepared Bígned by tho lion. W. O. Haines, chairman of the LeuRue, and by lue bon. secretary, and forwarded to tho private secretary, for the purpose of transmission under sanction of His Excellonoy. Arising out of resolutions adopted at the same meeting, a lettar of thankB, on behalf of the League, is forwarded by this mail to Mr. Childers, M.P., for hisser vices to this colony in respeot to the trans porlation. question ; and also a letter to Mr. Westgarth, of acknowledgement of the assist-' arico which ho bos given to tho League. About half-past four o'olock yesterday morning, a fire broke out in a five- roomed wooden cottage in Shlpley-Btreot, South Yarra. The house was unoccupied. Beforo tho fire brigade could leach the spot the premises were destroyed. They wore folly insured. The cau6e of the fire is unknown. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday at the Lying-in Hospital upon tho body of Anne Barton, a widow, who died rather suddenly on the previous day, while staying at the in- stitution as a patient. Tho medical evi- dence proving that death was tho result of diaeaso of the heart, a vordict was returned to that offect. An inquest was hold at Klchmond yester- day, by the district coroner, upon tho body of Sarah Peers, wife of Edward Peers, landlord of the Union Hotel, Richmond. The hus- band of deceased stated that on Tuesday last she complained to him of a pain in her side and asked him to give her some castor oil! He accordingly gave her some In brandy, and afterwards at hor request gave her brandy and water several times. On Wednesday, at one o'clock, ho heard her call to him from upstairs, but fearing that abo wanted some more drink he did not go to hor. At four or five o'clock in thu afternoon he wont upstairs and found her dead in her bed. HeBtated that for years she hnd been in the habit of drinking spirits, and he could not keep her from it. He did not think that she was so near her death or ho should have called in a doctor. In accordance with the surgical evidence the jury found that the deceased died from internal disease, brought on by the constant use of ardent spirits. On Wednesday afternoon, a little boy, named James 0. Tagçart, between four and five years old, was accidentally drowned in a water-tank at Williamstown. He and a younger sister had gone to play in some unoccupied promises in Little Nelson-streot, when the deceased fell into a t»nk which had been left unsecured, and befare he could be got out life was oxtinct. At the inquest held yesterday before Dr. Wilkins, the jury severely censured the practloe, now so com- mon, of leaving water-tanks hi aa unsafe state. At the Fitzroy Police Court, yesterday, be- fore Messrs. Fawkner and Donovan, there was a rather long list of small-debt cases, of the usual kind. Two summonses for wilful damage to property, were dismissed for want of jurisdiction, and thero was a warrant of committal to gaol for seven days, in default of payment of a small debt. Daniel Hughes, on the complaint of Ann Sprout, was fined 10s., with 20s. cos's, for an illegal distress. Amongst the police cuseB, Georgo Donaldson, on a charge of being drnnk and disorderly, was sentenced to he imprisoned for twenty four hours, with hard labour, atid for usiDg obscene language in the public street fined 40f>., or seven days' imprisonment. On a third charge of threatening the life of his wife, he was ordered to find sureties to keep the peace for three months, himself in £50, and two of £25 each. Several persons were fined Is. and 2s. 6d. costs, on account of wan- dering goats. . John Culhane, Michael Culhane, and Ed- mond Dempsey were brought up at the Hotham Police Court for the third time yes- terday, charged with violently assaulting Patrick Gorman. The prosecutor, however" now declined to press the case, and tho dé- fendants were discharged. George Murray, charged with striking his wife on the head with a stone, was discharged for a similar reason. Catherine Ryan, for breaking win- dows in houses, and for using abusivo and threatening language, was fined in the aggregate £3; or, in default, twenty one dayB' imprisonment. Fifteen house- holder, summoned by the police for allowing the Yan Yean water on their premises to run to waste, were fined Is. each, and costs. The greater part of yesterday afternoon was occupied at the Sandridge Police Court in hearing the cases of Robbins v. Muir and Muir v. Robbins, the former being a complaint of abusive langnage, and the latter a charge of assault. It appeared, from the evidence, that on the night of the 18th inst. Muir, who is a stevedore, waa in a boat in com- pany with a person named Riley, looking for Captain Ross, of the ship Maria Ross, from whom they wished to obtain payment of an account. They had taken three passengers off to the Shenandoah, and were continuing their search for Captain Ross, when they came in contact with Robbin's boat. Some words were exchanged which led to Robbins striking Muir with the oar on the back of the neck, while he used the weapon on Riley with such violence as to break his arm. The de- fence made by Robbins to the charge of as assault was that he had acted only in self-defence, but both parties admitted having made use of violent language. The Bench dismissed the charge of abusive language, on the ground that both parties had been in tho wrong, and tbey also dismissed the charge of assault, partly in consequence of the conflicting nature of the evidence, and partly on the ground that Muir had been acting illegally in taking persons to the Shenandoah. Mr. F, Stephen appeared for Muir, and Mr. Read for Bobbins. A case (Ball and Wife v, Glynn) ia the County Court yesterday gave Borne carious illustration of that law of Victoria which treats poverty as an offence agalnBt the state, and gives to magistrates the power to send debtors to prison like felons. The femalo plaintiff (then a widow, by namo Mrs. Elli- son, living at Sandridge) had dealings with Glynn, a draper, and obtained goods on credit to the amount of £22. Soma payments wore mado on account, and she was sued in the DlBtiict Police Court, and judgment obtained. Glynn, tbrongh his attorney, proceeded to execution, and subsequently Mrs. Ellison was ordered to be committed to gaol, in default, for three weeks. In the interval between judgment and execution Mrs. Ellison became Mrs. Hall, by marriage with the co-plaintiff-a fact which it was alleged was well known, and particularly to the constable of police who took her into custody. Mrs. Hall was imprisoned for one night ; and on an application to Mr. Hackett, the magis- trate, although the marriage certificate was produced, he refused to make an order for release. Mrs. Hall was only released b; l^ her husband paying Glynn's demand. TI: Vi plaintiffs now jointly sought to recov«: - damages for malicious prosecntion and false imprisonment. It was urged that there must be a nonsuit, on the authority of a case cited, bnt not named, decided in the Court of Exchequer. The Judge of the County Court now, however, held that a case, likewise unnamed, in the Court of Queen's Bench overruled the other; and hrheld that the action was maintainable, and that the person who seta the law in motion is answer- able, and not the magistrate. The case was attended with some difficulties, but he took this view so far ap regarded the imprison "¡ToTihe female plaintiff. The claim for I SuBBßM for maliclouB prosecution, and also 111 damages claimed, by the husband, could nt be maintained. The result was, for the false imprisonment of Mra. Hall as Mrs. EIIIEOB, verdict for tho plaintiffs, damageB. m with costs on the second scale. Several shopkeepers were summoned beforo üa prahran Court yesterday by tho inspector "f weights and measures, for having light Lights in their possession. Their names Ire-John WatBon, John Evans, John W. Jacobs, David Blanchard, Adam Smith, J. Lidget'wightman, and Edward Bule. They were fined 5s. or 10s. each, according to the circumstances of the caBe, the light weights being of course forfeited. William Heelam, tacausiii^sauisance, WM flned 10a- Michael Quinlan and Frederick Batcheldor were fined in small penalties for allowlng cows to wander in the street. X deputation from the Balla Bulla Road Board, consisting of the chairman (Mr. Clarkt), Mr. Molesworth Greene, and two "(lier members, bad an interview with the ¿cttos Commissioner of Hoads ond Bridges yesterday, relative to sevorul matters of local interest. The most important was an appli- cation for the proclamation of a new main toad. The deputation Btated that the road from the township of Lancefield to the Lance- field Ballway Station was already a main road ; find they were desirous that the route from the Lancefield Ballway Station to a point near tho Sunbury Station should also te declared a main road. Mr. Sullivan pro- mised to grant this request. _ A ciowded and at times rather boisterous meeting of the ratepayers of Prahran waa leid last evening, at the Town-ball, for the purpoEo of considering the subject of tho clarks proposed to be paid to borough officials. The mayor of the borough pre- sided. The occasion on which tho meeting lad been convened having been stated, a motion wos made by Mr. W. M. Bell, and seconded by Mr. Leslie Moody, to the effect (bat the council being the legitimate autho- rity to fix the salaries of the municipal officers, the meeting declined to inter- fere with the functions of tho council. fbis «solution waa received with consider- able disapprobation, and its was with difiicully a hearing could bo obtained for itsBupportcrs. Councillor Crews, as one of tie minority of the council who had opposed the proposed increase of salaries, entered into aütatemeut of the details of the matter, con- cluding by movioS an amendment, that the meeting had a perfect right to take the matter into consideration. The Mayor declined to receive the amendmont, on tho ground, as was understood, that it was but a negative to tie original motion, a decision which gave rifcto loud dissent, Mr. Pilley then moved, end Mr. Weymouth seconded, a resolution Elating that the meeting were of opinion that they bud the light to interfere in reference to tie proposed incroase of salaries. Being put to tho vote, the amendment was carried nearly unanimously. In accordance with a résolution proposed by Mr. Scott, and Hconded by Mr. Monroe, it was then resolved that the meeting had heard of the proposed increase of salaries with great surprise; and, as nothing had occurred to justify the pro- posed increase, the council Bhould be requested to abandon all further action in the matter. Tie JIayor said he should report to the coun- cil the opinion expressed by the meeting, «lieh he then declared was closed. Tho pio-tariff meeting held at Castlemaine last night, which was attended by about 250 ol the burgesses, has caused the Protec- tionists to raise their voices loud and strong in triumph. It was a hollow victory at the tel, hut everybody at all conversant with fteviay in which political meetings are " got np"to Castlemaine sets it down for what it u really was-a party demonstration. Tho recMeflsness of assertion almost amounted to (lie ridiculous. One speaker Btated that " it lad taken England 1,750 years to find out ihatcern should be'admitted free into her ports, and that England owed her present greatness to protection." The published object of the meeting deterred any great number of free-traders from attending, as of course it would be useless to speak at a meeting convened to " adopt resolu- tions iu support of the fiscal policy of the Government." It is stated that the major either wrote, or caused to be written, therequisition to himself to call the meeting ; the reply to which of course did not require much consideration from him. But the worst feature of all was tho discourteous treatment of the mayor of the adjoining borough of Chewton, who (being a free trader) esBajed in vain to obtain a hearing from the meeting; and was peremptorily ordered off tie platform by tbe chairman (the mayor of Castlemaine) on the ground that he was not a burgess of Castlemaine. The same gentleman subsequently attempted to address the meeting, but this time the chairman, in an excited manner, actually threatened to "sendfor a policeman," and to "give him in charge." The mayor of Chewton is about to have his revenge by organising a great anti tariff meeting at Chewtorj, and ono will very shortly be convened in Castlemaine. The female domestic difficulty is illustrated by tho Daylesford Mercury as follows:-"The wife of a professional gentleman residing in this town, last week hired a female Bervant at one of the Melbourne marts; wages £86 per'annum; work, to keep a four-roomed cottage clean, to cook and wash for the family, two in number. The young lady, who has been in the colony six months, reached Daylesford on Thursday last, her fare (26s. Gd.) being paid for her. On Monday, ebo gave notice that she intended quitting tho strvice. ' What do you want to leave for?' inquired her mistress. 'Ah sure, ma'am, tbe work's a dale too hard.' ' Too hard I What do you mean?' ' Oh, ma'am, doesn't master put on a clean shirt and another pair oí stockings every day, and who can stand tbat? Sure, didn't I think he'd be wearing a coloured shirt I* Her mistress remonstrated with the foolish girl, but without avail ; the Taktnble 'help' was inexorablo, and she is now Beeking another Bituatiou. This is a positive fact." A small detachment of police, headed by the officer in charge of the Heathcote dis- trict, bas proceeded to Benalla, to look after Ball and his gang, who aro stated to have made an irruption into Victoria. A joint-Block foundry company is being formed at Buninyong. The capital is to be »20,000, in £6 shares. A site for tho works baB been secured. Tho scarcity of water, from the want of »in, is becoming eerious on some of the gold- fields. Tba Mount Alexander Mail remarks wat "to thoso having the Interest of this dis- trict afjieart, ife condition from the want of **ÍJ5"*0 tru,y di8tre9sing. On every hand, i ¥^imachlnes are standing idle, and onlfoue or two of the more highly- favoured «ashing machines are, wita difficnlty and «Pense, kept going.' At pre«ent there ap pears no likelihood of rain. Yesterday was ? rea' australian summer one ; not a cloud intervened to shield tho rays of the scorching «B Bun, which seemed uninfluenced by the v? i\eniolly fllm occasioned by the bush-fires «at m «very direction tended to maintain a heat"nCOmf0rtable and exhtta8tÎD8 degree of t T! h6ve our fileB from ffobsrt Town and wwioerton to the 21st inst. The journals of I both cities condemn, in strong terms, tho I conduct of tho Victorian Government in the matter of the tariff, for,which they can find no justification in the state of the finances of .this colony. The Mercury remarks:-"The tariff appears to have been shaped mainly, if not entirely, with the view to conciliate and secure the support of a variety of members who agree In nothing but a dread of Mr. O'Shanassy's return to power. The colony will have good reason to be sincerely grateful to the Upper Houso if it refuses tosaddlo Victoria with a reactionary, tariff, based on the worst principles of an exploded. fiscal economy, hostile to the real interests of Vic- toria, and entirely destructive of her inter- colonial trade." The Launceston Examiner anticipates nothing less than the extinction of the intercolonial trade of Melbourne should the new tariff become law, and condemns tho proposal from tho experience of a somewhat similar tariff in Tasmania. By the South Australian we have our Adelaide files to the 21st inst. Tho news they contain has been anticipated by tele- graph. On the settling day for tho Launceston Champion Meeting, a large sum was sub- scribed to form a fund for the next race meeting. Thero will bo a Launceston cup of ££00, added to a sweepstakes of £30 each, and other good prizes. Two Chinamen have commenced a fhh curiug establishment at Battery Point, Ho- bart Town, for tho preparation of fish for the Victorian markot. The process observed is stated tobe very simple. The fish are pur- chased from European fishermon. They are tben cut open, and thoroughly cleaned ; after which they or« placed on the drying plat- forms, where they are carefally dried. This is rather a delicate part of the operation, as tho fish are liable to turn bad if not constantly watched, and tho heat rcflocted by the sun's rays BO regulated as not to stream upon thom too Etiongly. To prevent thiB a tarpaulin is attached to tho platform, and spread or rolled up as occasion may require. During the pro- cess the fish are dry salted, and when suffi- ciently hardened, they are packed away in odd-looking Chinese baskets, to undergo tho procesa of packing. This consists simply in casting them up in brine, when they aro ready for shipment, and present a similar appearance to a good white herring. The fish, which have been already cured, consist chiefly of salmon, perch, mullet, flathead, and the mock trumpeter. A " leviathan" coach, such as " Cobb" had on the Castlemaine and Sandhurst line years ago, was employed between Hobart Town and Launceston during the late race meeting. The journey to Launceston was accomplished without accident; but on the return the leaders shied when near Moiton Mowbray, and the coach was upset. Several of the pas- sengers endenvoured to jump off the coach, and sustained injuries. Mr. Warner, of Hobart Town, did not clear the vehicle, which fell on to MB legs, crushing them both very soverely. Ho was also much hurt about tho side of the face. Mr. Biiynton received some severo bruises about his head and logs. Fisher, the driver, had his hip put out; while a passenger named Giles was much cut and bruised. A gentleman named Brice or Bruce, from Melbourne, was also burt, sustaining a fracture of the collar- bone. Mr. John Davies, late M.L. A., who was riding inside, received a severe and danger- ous wound, extending from the top of tho head to the neck, and laying the skull barol occasioned by the head coming in contact with a bolt. Mr. Norton was slightly out on the leg, and Mr. Hedberg was cut on the arm. A Mrs. Maloney, and Miss Halloran, ladies from Sydney, travelling inside, were badly but not seriously cut about the face and body. The revenue of Tasmania appears to be less flourishing than the Ministry of that colony could desire. The totBl amount received from all"sources for the year was £181,074, as against £183,465 in 1863. In the Custom- house the decline was £2,809. There would have been a large decline but for an excep- tional payment of £20,000 on account of pre- emptive rights, The Treasurer, in the course of the year, submitted two estimates of re- venue to Parliament. The results show that his first calculation exceeded the actual re- turns by £14,840, and his second was also in excesp, to the extent of £12,228. At the Geelong Police Court yesterday, a decent-looking man, named Absalom Hunt, was charged with tho careless use of fire, through which upwards of a thousand acres of grasaron Mr. Gollatley's land was burned, on the 0th of this month. There was no direct proof that the defendant lighted tho fire in question, and none whatever that if he did light a fire it waa it which communicated with the grass on Mr. Gallatley's land. The Bench said there was sufficient circumstan- tial evidence to warrant them in believing the defendant lighted the fire which did the damage, but under the circumstances they would act leniently. Ho was fined 20¿. The sensation drama of the "Colleon Bawn" was repeated last night at the Theatre Royal, to let Mr. Shiel Barry give a taato of his starring quality in the Hibernian hero. Thackeray set the fashion of writing novels without heroes, and it would not be a bad thing if Irish dramatists, in.providing for the display of charaoter, would follow the ex- ample, and make Paddy less heroic. Mr, Boucicault's masterpiece is not the subject for much critical enthusiasm, but it is so far legitimate in keeping the man with the brogue and shillelagh in subordination to the play. And here Mr. Barry finds work enough to test his powers as a painstaking actor, and his Myles-na-Ooppaleen is on the whole a respectable and entertaining por foimance. The cast ia otherwise a very good one, in which Mr. Fitzgerald's Danny and Mr. Lambert's Father Tom stand prominent ; the latter only wanting a touch of the brogue to carry us back to the admiral act- ing in tho famous Original production ut the Adelphi. The laughable fatco of " Catching an HeireBS " gave Mr. O. Young, as the Baron Sowerctoutzcnsausengen, full scope for his humour and accomplishments comic and vocal, aided and abetted by Miss Harriet Gordon as Sally Giggle, a sentimental lady's lady. 