TORNADO AT BEECHWORTH. (From the Ovens Advertiser.) LAST Thursday evening Beechworth and the surrounding neighbourhood were visited by one of the most violent storms ever experi enced in the Ovens district. During the day the heat was most oppressive, and the heavy copper-coloured clouds which gathered in the sky gave hopes of a speedy downfall of the long-wished-for rain. The sun set amidst clouds of dark purple, the atmos phere appeared charged with electricity, and there was every appearance of a heavy thunderstorm setting in. From half-past six until seven o'clock the wind rose and blew in sudden gusts, at intervals. For about half an hour a comparative calm ensued, the wind dying away with a strange mournful sound until half-past seven o'clock, when it suddenly rose, and blowing nearly due north, swept over the town with almost irresistible fury, carrying with it clouds of dust so dense that it was impossible to see lights across the street. Houses were unroofed and blown down, large sheets of zinc, huge beams of timber, and large stones were hurled by the tempest to an incredible distance, and one sheet of galvanised iron striking against a post was doubled up like a sheet of paper. The citizens were in a quandary, the perplexing question being whether they had better remain in-doors until their houses were blown down upon them, or venture in the street to brave the shower of debris that would there assail them? The whole front of the common school, in Ford-street, was blown out, and foll upon the footpath in a huge mass. Mr. Kerstein, butcher, of Newtown, was stand ing for shelter between the school and the building known as Craig's store, which adjoins it, when this happened, and it is a matter of congratulation that he escaped unhurt. A window of the Church of Eng land was blown in, and part of the ridging stripped off. The premises of Mr. M'Lean, in Ford-street, used as a coach factory, received severe damage, a portion of the roof being stripped and part of the front blown down. The Baptist chapel, in Ford street, was also nearly blown down; and although at present it is kept up by props, it is doubtful whether it can again be placed in a perpendicular position without being pulled down and rebuilt. The house of Mr. Robert Cunningham was entirely unroofed, and many other buildings either completely or partially so. The end of the forage store at the police station was blown down, and numerous windows in the town have been broken by stones blown against them. To enumerate all the damage which has accrued to buildings through this tremendous storm would be next to impossible, as there are few houses in the town but what bear some evidence of its violence. That " the battle is not always to the strong" has been exemplified in the wonderful fact that our Town-hall, although in a most shaky con dition, and evidently on its last legs, has withstood the fury of the gale, while many an apparently stronger building has come to grief. During the half-hour that the hot wind continued to blow with such fearfill violence it occasionally veered round to the westward, and at times appeared to blow from nearly all points of the compass. The moon shone brightly the whole time, and the south-western horizon was lighted up by shoot lightning. The accounts received from the bush speak of trees uprooted in all directions, iences blown or dashed down, and bush-fires fanned into fury by the wind. The road to the Nine-mile is rendered in many places impassable, through the num ber of broken trees lying across it. Great damage has been done to the telegraph wire throughout the entire district. Near the Reov. John R. Macmillan's house a large tree fell on the wires, and broke them. The same thing has happened near the Vine hotel; also between Beechworth and the Black Springs, and at various other places along the line of telegraph. At Stanley, a stable of Mr. Dyring's in course of erection was partially blown down, and eighteen trees are lying across the main road between that town and Beechworth. At the Three mile it is reported that a digger has sus tained some injuries, though not of a serious nature, through his hut being blown down upon him. During the fury of the storm the Rev. Father Tiorney was preaching in the Roman Catholic chapel at Beechworth; the walls were seen to shake, and a sudden panic seized upon the congregation, which was with difficulty quelled. Had a rush to the door taken place the consequences might have been serious. We are sorry to have to record that at Chinaman's Flat, near Hurdle Flat, a large branch of a tree was blown down, and fell upon a hut in which were two Chinamen, crushing it in. One of them died before he could be conveyed to the District Hospital, and the other at present lies in a very precarious state in the same institution. An inquest was held on the body of the deceased yesterday, and a ver dict in accordance with the facts returned. At about half-past eight o'clock the wind fell, and the night became beautifully calm; and, with the exception of an occasional gust of wind, continued so until morning. Every appearance of rain had vanished yesterday, and only a few drops fell during the night. The heavy blocks of clouds travelled in a south-easterly direction, and the sky became serene and clear. Every one is busy examining into the extent of damage done, and looking after missing portions of their property, some of which were carried to a great distance. 