SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Two subjects have all but engrossed the attention of the public during the past month. These have been, the alterations proposed by the Ministry in the tariff, and the visit to Australian waters of a cruiser of the Confederate navy, the Shenandoah, formerly the merchant steamship Sea King. The nature of the alterations proposed in the tariff was stated in the Summary number of The Argus for January, and the effects which they would have on the trade of the colony, if adopted, were predicated. The tariff was discussed at great length in the Legislative Assem- bly, item by item, and some few altera- tions were made―such as the omission of the item "oils," and the substitu- tion of 3d. per bushel on barley and oats. The tariff, as it was finally agreed to by the Legislative Assembly, will be found in another column. There is still ground to hope, however, that the scheme will not pass into law. The Legislative Council has not the power to amend it in details, but it can reject the proposal altogether ; and it is strongly pressed to stand between the colony and the serious injury which threatens it, in its intercolonial trade, if the preposterous proposals of the Ministry become law. Already, from all the neighbouring colonies advices have reached the warehousemen of the city which show that if the new tariff is carried much of the trade which Mel- bourne now enjoys must be transferred to freer ports, such as Sydney and Ade- laide. Hands have been dismissed from the warehouses, and at least one large steamship, hitherto engaged in the New Zealand trade, has been withdrawn, to await better times, and has been added to the fleet of unemployed steamers now at anchor in the bay. On no occa- sion for many years, if ever before, have the trades of Melbourne been so thoroughly aroused by an act of political aggression. Public meetings and private meetings of importers and trades of all kinds, and of employes in mercantile establishments, have been held, and at all of them the Ministerial scheme has been most vigorously denounced, and its anomalies, absurdities, and injurious tendencies pointed out. A last effort is now being made, with a view to influence the Council. A petition, most numer- ously signed by all classes in Mel- bourne, praying for the rejection of the tariff, was presented to the Council yes- terday. It was accompanied by a monster petition from Ballarat to the same effect. There is no deficiency to provide for, and no excuse on the score of revenue for the gratuitous attempt which we owe to the McCulloch Government to engraft Protection on our institutions. We trust, therefore, that the Council will be true to itself and the colony, and reject the proposal. The excitement on the subject has already had one good result, in the formation of a Free-trade League, of which Mr. E. Langton, an able lecturer and writer, is the secre- tary. The Land Bill has been considerably altered in the Upper House, the mem- bers of the Council having disagreed with the Assembly on many points, and restored the bill nearly to the state in which it was introduced by the Ministry. The Council, however, has not been equally tolerant as to the views of Ministers with reference to the qualifica- tion of members and electors of the Upper House, and as to the period for which members of Council should be elected. A bill to reduce the quali- fication, and lessen the period of service, has been thrown out. The numbers were equal, fourteen to fourteen, and the President gave a casting vote with the ayes, remarking that an absolute ma- jority of the whole House―sixteen votes ―was required to carry the second reading ; and the bill, therefore, fell to the ground. The Legislative Assembly, after a protracted discussion, has again declared against the principle of payment of members. The visit of the Shenandoah was alto- gether unexpected. She entered the heads on the 25th ult., and anchored in Hobson's Bay on the same evening. She required coals and repairs to her ma- chinery, and on application by Captain Waddell, the commander, leave to ob- tain stores, and to have the necessary repairs effected, was granted by the Go- vernment. Her presence, however, was a source of much annoyance to the consul for the Federal States, and to several merchants whose interests aud leanings are with the North, and to their influence over a merchant Minister― the Commissioner of Customs―whose sympathies are also said to be with the Federals, we probably owe the acerbity of the tone of certain letters which are given in another column, if not the letters themselves. We need not report here the story which is told elsewhere of the attempts to interfere with the repairs of the ship, or of the unseemly demonstra- tion of policemen and military at the slip on which the Shenandoah was placed, made at the instance of the Commissioner of Customs. Suffice it that on Saturday last, at an early hour in the morning―a day earlier than Captain Waddell had promised―the Shenandoah steamed down the bay, and passed out through Port Phillip Heads before noon. She was last seen off Cape Schanck, and is be- lieved to be waiting off the coast, to intercept American ships, several of which, from New York and Boston, are now due. It is stated that during the night previous to her departure a very large number of men went on board, under various pretexts, and did not re- turn on shore again. The vessel was visited during her stay by large numbers of townspeople. From Auckland we learn that Wil- liam Thompson, the chief of the Waikato tribes, and the principal personage in the rebellion, not excepting the " King " himself, has surrendered. We may hope, therefore, that the war, which had re- commenced somewhat savagely in Wan- ganui, will now be speedily brought to a close. The British settlements in the conquered district of Waikato progress satisfactorily. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Northam, with the December mails from Europe, arrived at Melbourne on Satur- day, the 18th inst. Lady Daly, the wife of the Governor of South Australia, has this month, been on a visit to Sir Charles and Lady Darling. The Right Rev. Bishop Perry is now on a confirmation tour in the Western District. The petition presented against the return of Mr. Nicholas Fitzgerald, as member of the Legislative Council for the North-Western Province, has fallen through. The petition alleged that Mr. Fitzgerald was not qualified, inasmuch as he was not seised of a freehold of the value of £5,000. It was, however, con- tended that the Constitution Act named two property qualifications-a freehold of the value of £5,000 or a freehold of the yearly value of £500-and that if Mr. Fitzgerald had not the one, as asserted, yet he might be possessed of the other. The Elections Committee agreed that the disqualification alleged was not suffi- cient to unseat the sitting member, and therefore dismissed the petition. The petition against the return of Mr. David Moore, as the representative of Sand- ridge in the Legislative Assembly-on the ground of bribery and treating -after a lengthened inquiry, has been dismissed. Mr. Moore has been declared duly elected. The city und suburbs were visited, on the night of Monday, the 6th inst., by a violent storm. Many light-framed buildings were more or less damaged, verandahs were un- roofed, fences laid flat, and trees in the various reserves were uprooted. The discoveries of Mr. Duncan M'Intyre. noticed in our last summary, have dictated the surmise that Leichardt, the explorer, or some of his party, may still be alive in the interior of Australia. A ladies' movement is being organized for collecting the means of sending out un expedition in search, taking a starting-point from the head-waters of the Flinders River. A lecture in aid of the object was delivered by Dr. Mueller, the Go- vernment botanist, before a crowded audi- ence, at St. George's-hall, on the 9th inst. The estimated population of Victoria on the 31st December last was 604,858 (viz., 347,954 males, and 260,904 females), showing an increase during the year of 30,527. The increase by arrivals over departures was 14,377; and by excess of births over deaths, 16,150. Two vacancies in the Corporation of Mel- bourne have occurred this month-the one by the death of Alderman R. E. Hill, the other by the resignation of Councillor Samuel Thorp. Councillor Edward Cohen has since been elevated to the aldermanship, and Mr. T.Moubray and Mr. J. S. Butters have been elected to the other vacant seats. A report issued by the Commissioners of Savings Banks shows that, during the year ending July 1, 1864, the increase in the num- ber of depositors in Victorian savings banks was from 14,920 to 17,201 ; and in the amount of deposits, from £701,425 to £769,681. The number of volunteers who qualified themselves during last year to rank as effec- tives was 2,832. The strength of the corps, exclusive of paid officers, was on the 1st of January 3,301, so that eighty-five per cent, of the force passed through the course of drill required by the state. In addition, 1,283 men have passed in gun drill, and have thus quali- fied themselves for work in the batteries. Mr. T. H. Fellows and Mr. Henry Miller, both leading members of the Legislative Council, are not at present in a position to vote in the election of members of that House, through failing to comply with the provlsions of the law which requires every elector, to obtain a document called an elector's right. The fact was mentioned in the course of a recent debate. The latest reports as to the progress of the salmon experiment are of the most satisfac- tory character. At a late meeting of the Council of the Acclimatisation Society, a letter from Mr. Green, of Badger Creek, was read, stating that the salmon continue in the best of health. Mr. Green also forwarded a memo- randum of the temperature of the creek, by which it appears that on the hottest day, when the temperature of the air at noon was at 98°, that of the creek was only 61° ; thus proving that from this source no danger is likely to arise that will in any way imperil the undertaking. According to the report presented at the annual meeting of the contributors to the Melbourne Hospital, held a week or two ago, the number of recipients of the benefits of the institution during 1864 was stated to be 17,960-2,675 being in-door, and 15,285 out- door patients. The expenditure for the year was £22,141. Another charitable institution creditable to the colony is the Melbourne Orphan Asylum. The inmates of this place at the close of the year numbered 249, viz, 153 boys, and 96 giris. The erection of a Presbyterian Church in West Melbourne is contemplated. The Immigrants' Aid Society, which has grown into the more enlarged character of a national refuge for the distressed, held its twelfth annual meeting on the 7th inst. Although the passing of the " Neglected and Distressed Children Act" relieved the society of the responsibility of nearly 500 children, transferred to the Industrial and Reformatory Schools, it has had heavy demands on its resources during the past year. It relieved 4,790 persons, or about one third more than in the previous year. A painful feature is the number of deserted families-the society having had a daily average of eighty souls, wives and children. Among the Victorian contributions to the Dublin Exhibition will be the following : Tobacco, cigars, and snuff, sent by Messrs. Loughnan, Mr. Politz, Messrs. White and Co., and Messrs. Owen and Co.; maizena and starch, by Messrs. Urie and Co. ; oat- meal, groats, patent barley, &c;, Messrs. Ben- craft and Co. ; grain, A. Clark and Co. ; soap and Candles, Hobson's Bay Soap and Candle Company ; oilmen's stores, F. Fordham ; woods and turnery, Alcock and Co. ; malt, J. Gough and Co. ; ale and porter, P. J. Martin, Burke and Power; dyed emu feathers, J. Robertson ; brushware, J. Zeven- broom ; colonial-grown seeds, J. N. Rey- nolds ; chemicals, J. Hood and Co. ; confec- tionery, L. Girand, Dillon and Burrows; patent plough, H. Lennon ; biscuits, Guest and Co. and Smith and Son ; colonial-made blankets, rugs, and specimens of work by prisoners at Pentridge, Colonel Champ, sketch model of Burke and Wills' monu- ment, C. Summers ; Mount Macedon timber, R. Barbour ; samples of alluvial gold, Bank of Australasia ; quartz specimen, containing gold, galena, blende, and various forms of the sulphides of iron, Latham and Watson ; ores of antimony, J. T. Strong; ten parcels of sifted ores, La Trobe Mining Company ; tin ore, and bar of metallic tin, smelted at Beechworth, Mr. Warden Barnard ; col- lection of iron ores, gold in quartz, and other specimens, Colonel Bull; Victorian blue, curry powder, bitters, quinine wines, flavouring essences, yeast powders, and pre- pared whiting, A. Felton ; tierce of mess beef, neatsfoot and trotter oils, H. Bignell ; portion of a railway carriage of blackwood, W. Wil- liams; lignite and bone manure, J. C. Lyons ; essential oils, J. Bosisto, - Slater, and - Boardman; assorted cordials, E. J, Prévôt and Co., G. P. Dixon ; colonial bent woods, J. Perry ; Geelong and Heads limestone, Lang and Co.; model of mining machinery, O. Bobardt ; colonial-made portmanteaus, M. Murphy; machine-wrought mouldings, J. Swinbourne ; wine, De Dollon and La Molle, T. J. Everist, C. Mapleston, S. Schubach ; native-cat skins prepared for furriers' use, J. Dillon ; woollen flocks, Thronson and Hill ; boas, muffs, and colonial furs. S. Alexander ; samples of alva, hair, and flock, G. T. Usher; chicory, spices, &c;, J. F. M'Kenzie and Co. ; arrowroot, J. Hall; statistical tablet, the Registrar General. We may add that the Board of Land and Works have given permission to Mr. Todt, the accomplished modeller, to prepare a set of casts of fruit and vegetables, in the style of those executed by him for the International Exhibition of 1862. A cast of the interesting raised model map of the colony will be forwarded by the Surveyor General's department, M. B. Brough Smyth has undertaken to furnish a collection of Victorian rocks and minerals. The splendid collection of silk; by Mrs. Timbrell, to whom was awarded the first prize lately given by the Board of Agriculture, will form an in- teresting contribution. A model of the world-renowned gold trophy designed by Mr. Knight, with the addition of a pedestal em- bodying the gold produced from October 1, 1860 (to which date the pyramid was posted up), to December 31, 1864, will also be for- warded. Several cases of typhus fever have occurred durng the month, and all are traceable to the Black Ball ship Golden Empire, and the premature release of that vessel from quaran- tine. The Government have appointed a board to inquire into the circumstances under which the release was made, and into the qua- rantine arrangements generally. A complaint against the master of the Golden Empire for the bad arrangements on board his vessel was heard a lew weeks ago before the Wil- liamstown magistrates. Their worships said it was not questioned that the necessary hos- pital accommodation had been provided, or that it had been used for any other purposes ; but the complaint was, that it had not been used to its full extent, sick passengers having been kept in their own berths, to the discom- fort and fear of the more healthy ones. That the surgeon over so crowded a ship was not more experienced, or did not avail himself more fully of the facilities provided, was a matter of regret; but the Bench could not hold the captain responsible for the surgeon's inefficiency, and the case must, therefore, be dismissed. The Bench further remarked that dirty ships and fevers might always, be ex- pected, unless proper precaution was exhibited in the selection of a surgeon. The sanatory state of the Golden Empire, they said, was almost wholly left to the surgeon's manage- ment ; and for the owners and health officers to entrust the care, cleanliness, and treat- ment of between 300 and 400 passengers, difficult at best to manage, to a young gentle- man who had had no previous ship experi- ence or land practice was highly reprehensi- ble. Several ships which reached Victoria this month were placed in quarantine on their arrival. These were the John Frazer, from Liverpool; the Douglas, from Batavia; and the Southern Ocean, from Liverpool. The last-named had thirteen deaths from fever during her passage hither. The names of the deceased are-Barbara White, aged 28 ; Jaco- bina White, aged 51 ; Bridget Cornan, aged 35 ; Emanuel Joseph, aged 41 ; Esther Becker, aged 92; James Dunn, aged 72; Richard Screach (second mate), aged 28 ; Matilda Kin- kade, aged 29 : Robert Kinkade, aged 3 years ; John James Kinkade, aged 6 months; Samuel Ogden, aged 14 months ; Ellen Ogden, aged 3 years ; G. A. Metcalf, aged 6 years. The steamship Great Britain, on her arrival on the 17th inst, was detained for several hours in quarantine, on account of a case of small-pox having appeared on board ; but she was re- leased on the authorities being satisfied that the case occurred fifty days before reaching port, and that the ship was in a thoroughly clean condition. The Melbourne Sailors' Home was opened on the 13th inst. The institution is situate in Spencer-street, opposite the railway station, and within an easy distance from the wharf. It is conducted on the principle of the Sailors' Home of the mother country. The charge for board and residence, with the advantages of leading-room, smoking-room, &c.; is 18s. per week, or 3s. per day. At the Williamstown Police Court, on the 27th ult., Captain Ross, master of the Maria Ross, was charged with boarding the Confede- rate war-ship Shenandoah before she was cleared by the immigration officer. It ap- peared that the defendant had climbed up the mast of a pilot-boat alongside to cheer the new arrivals, and in his enthusiasm had got on to the side of the ship. He was fined £5, and 5s. costs. George Joseph Yates, an elderly man, has been sentenced to one year's imprisonment for forging a bill of exchange for £115, and embezzling moneys to a large amount be- longing to his employer, Mr. H. Ritchie, mer- chant, of Collins- street. The hare is now thoroughly acclimatised at Barwon Park, near Geelong, the seat of Mr. Thomas Austin. Thirteen have been recently seen in a paddock where only four were turned out. A great many bush-fires have been reported this month. David Young, alias Tatham, has been com- mitted to take his trial for the wilful murder of Margaret Graham, at Daylesford, on the 28th December last. Two large gold nuggets have been discovered during the present month in the Castlemaine district-one, weighing 190 ounces, at Fryer's Creek ; the other, weighing 338 ounces, at the Whipstick. In the action, Union Bank of Australia v. Stewart, tried before Mr. Justice Williams, at the Ballarat Circuit Court, on Friday, the plaintiffs sought to recover the sum of £500, the amount of a bond given by defendant for the good behaviour ot a clerk named Ken- nelly, who subsequently embezzled moneys of the bank to nearly £14,000. This robbery was committed while Kennelly was in charge of a branch, at Smythesdale ; and the prin- cipal point of the defence consisted in the plea that at the time Kennelly signed the bond he was a clerk, but at the time the embezzlement took place be was acting as manager, and therefore in a position of greater responsibility. The removal having been effected, the defendant contended that his liability ceased. The jury found for the plaintiffs, with damages to the full amount claimed. A labouring man, known as Wilfred Stafford Cholmondely Perrot, died about a fortnight ago at Albury. It is said that he was heir to the earldom of Stafford, and £13,000 a year. A change of Ministry has taken place in New South Wales. Mr. Martin and his col- leagues have resigned, and Mr. Cowper has reeumed office as Colonial Secretary, with a Cabinet which includes most of the members of his former Ministry, Bushranging is still rife in the sister colony. The murder of a constable named Nelson is one of the last outrages of " Ben Hall's gang." VISIT OF THE SHENANDOAH. For the first time, the peaceful waters of our bay have been visited by a ship of war in the performance of its mission, namely, the destruction of the merchant vessels of the enemy. Foreign men-of-war, French, Dutch, Austrian, and Russian, have come here, but not to fight, and not a gun has boen fired in anger on these seas in our time. It was enough that the Austrian frigate Novara was devoted to the purposes of science, that our French and Dutch visitors were here to pro- tect their countries' interests as in time of peace, and that the Russian Bogatyr accepted out hospitality and slily surveyed our coast- line. Now, however, the terrible fratricidal strife between the United and Confederate States of North America has been brought to Australian seas by the Confederate war steamer Shenandoah, which arrived here a very few hours before our January mails left us. She was entirely unexpected. A tele- gram from Cape Otway first informed us that a large steamer was passing one of the most southern points of our coast, but she was thought to be the Royal Standard, an idea soon dissipated by her entrance through our Heads, with the Confederate ensign-a cross of stars in a red square, on a white ground-flying. As she steamed into Hobson's Bay she was seen to be a handsome, smart looking, full-rigged steam-sloop, of 1,260 tons register, fitted with a lifting screw, and engines of 240-horse power. Without permitting any visitors to board her, Captain J. J. Waddell, who announced himself as her commander, sent his first lieutenant on shore with a letter to His Excellency the Governor, repotting her arrival, and asking permission to effect certain necessary repairs and obtain the supply of coal to enable him to get to sea as quickly as possible. He also asked permis- sion to land his prisoners, and intimated that he should observe the neutrality. On the fol- lowing day a reply was sent by Mr. James G. Francis, the Commissioner of Trade and Customs of our present Ministry, who stated that His Excellency was willing to allow the necessary repairs and coaling, but demanded information of their extent ; and conveyed a warning that she would not be allowed to leave till twenty-four hours after the depar- ture of any vessel, armed or unarmed, of the adverse belligerents. The Shenandoah thus fairly located in the bay speedily became an object of intense interest, and visitors crowded her decks as soon as permission was given to them to come aboard. Her real character was then made more plain. Built for the mercantile service she looked like a merchantman, except for her guns, which she carried on her upper deck. Her armament consisted of four smooth bore sixty-eight pounders, two thirty-two pounder rifled Whitworths, and two smooth-bore eighteen pounders, the last chiefly used as signal guns. The rifled Whitworths were cal- culated to possess a range of above three miles. Her crew, though small, had been largely recruited from her prizes, and num- bered seventy-five men. Her principal offi- cers were - Jas. J. Waddell, lieutenant com- manding; Wm. C. Whittle, jun., 1st lieute- nant ; Jno. Grimball, S. Smith Lee. F. T. Chew, and D. M. Scales, lieutenants; J. S. Bulloch, acting-master ; M. O'Brien, acting chief engineer ; C. E. Lining, passed assistant surgeon ; W. Breedlove Smith, noting assist- ant paymaster; O. A. Brown and J. T. Mason, passed midshipmen; F. J. M'NuIty, acting assistant surgeon; and W. H. Codd, first assistant engineer. They made a favour- able impression on all who met them, and Captain Waddell and Mr. Whittle, the latter being "executive officer," were both regarded as the beau ideal of naval officers. The former had been twenty-three years in the navy, and found acquaintances here who had known him when in the United States frigate Independence, stationed in the Mediterra- nean. Mr. Bulloch, master; Mr. O'Brien, engineer ; and Mr. W. B. Smith, paymaster, held the same posts in the Alabama when she fought the Kearsarge and went down. The officers uniform was French grey and silver, The crew were a fine set of men-well-built, smart, above the ordinary stamp of seamen, and apparently liking the service, and be- lieving in their commander. Owing to the extreme expedition used in effecting repairs, we were unable to see the ship's decks in order; but one would be led to think there was hardly room at present to work the guns. Before she left she proved herself to possess good speed under steam or sail. Since October last the history of the She- nandoah has been an eventful one. There is no doubt she is identical with the Chinese Clyde-built steam clipper Sea King, noted for her speed, and which when she brought troops to Auckland last year made one of the shortest trips on record. As far as we cau gather, the transformation of an English merchant steamer into a Confederate States man-of-war took place thus. The Laurel, blockade-runner, started from Liverpool with a cabin full of likely-looking young men," as the pilot called them, on the 8th of Oc- tober last, and Friday, the 14th, saw her in Funchal Bay, Madeira. The "passengers" did not go on shore, and were believed by the Madeira folks to be "Polish emigrants." Three days afterwards a large steamer, ship-rigged, steamed in and then out the harbour, the Laurel following to the east side of the island, both flying British colours. Here, it is said, the strange ship was purchased for £45,000, and the passengers and cargo of the Laurel transferred to her. The Laurel then went her way, and the strange steamer stood out to sea, none of the packages brought by the Laurel being broken. When beyond the neu- tral marine league from shore, Captain Wad- dell summoned the men aft, and read his commission as commander of the Confederate sloop of-war Shenandoah, ordered to cruize and destroy the enemy's commerce. At that time twenty-five men constituted the whole crew, a number which, deducting officers, left five men in each watch. To put his ship in order, and arrange its armament, were the first things Captain Waddell set about doing. Sailing by day, and steaming by night, the ship now called the Shenandoah was taken to a quiet place in the "trades," and then, compara- tively secure from the enemy's cruisers, men and officers set to work with a willing mind to get her into trim. This done, the Shenan- doah entered on her functions, selecting for her cruising-ground the track of vessels bound for the South American ports. Success attended her. Her plan was, when she crossed a vessel, to show English or French colours and fire a gun, after which, if the other proved to be Yankee, she was taken and de- stroyed, and her captain and crew made pri- soners. The following is a correct list of the vessels captured and destroyed by the She- nandoah : Alina, barque, - Staples, master, from Akyab to Buenos Ayres, cargo of railway iron. Scuttled 29th October, lat. 16° 47' N., lon. 16° 43'W. Charter Oak, schooner, Gillman, master, from Boston for San Francisco, assorted cargo. Burnt 5th November, lat. 7° 38' N., lon. 27° 49' W. D. Godfrey, barque, - Hallet, master, from Boston to Valparaiso, assorted cargo. Burnt 7th November, lat. 6° 28' N., lon. 27° 6' W. Susan, brig, - Hansen, master, from New York to River Plate. Scuttled 10th Novem- ber, lat. 4° 20' N., lon. 26° 39' W. Kate Prince, for Bahia, neutral cargo (coals). Ship bonded 12th November. Adelaide, barque, of Baltimore, to River Plate, neutral cargo. Ship bonded for 23,000 dollars. Lizzie M. Stacey, schooner, New York to Sandwich Islands, assorted cargo. Burnt 13th November, lat. 1° 40' N" lon. 28° 24' W. Edward, whaling vessel. Burnt 4th De- ember, lat. 37° 47' S., lon. 12° 30' W. Delphine, barque, from London for Akyab. Burnt 29th December, lat. 20° 10' S., lon. 69° E. The larger portion of the sailors taken prisoners volunteered to join the Shenan- doah, and were accepted ; the remainder, all but a few, were transhipped to other vessels met with on the high seas. The remnant were eight men, besides Captain Nicholls, of the Delphine, and his wife and stewardess, who were brought hither. Unassisted, but unimpeded, they made their way out of the Shenandoah very shortly after the vessel's ar- rival in Hobson's Bay, and before the per- mission to land them, for which application was made to the Government, could be afforded. As might be expected, the history of the Shenandoah while here has been a remark- able one. At first the latent Southern sym- pathies which are almost universal among Englishmen influenced our commuuity to afford the officers and men the warmest re- ception possible. They were made welcome wherever they went, albeit a strong desire was everywhere expressed not to make so much demonstration as should offend that large class of our citizens who by birth and sympathy are connected with the United States, and further more not to exhibit a spirit contrary to the Imperial proclamation of neutrality. They were received into many private circles, were feted by some members of the Melbourne Club, and at a semi- private ball given in their honour at Ballarat. Their presence was invited at the theatres, and they attended ; but their worst enemies could not deny that, under all circumstances, their extremely modest and unassuming bearing disarmed all personal pre- judice. The men were allowed, to come on shore, and, of course, as sailors will, occasionally drank more than was good for them ; but their conduct was generally speaking, supe- rior to that of English man-of-war's men. It would have been well if the visit had passed off altogether in this way, but it was not so ; and this brings us to the story of the dealings of the Government with the ship's authori- ties. In the very early part of the corre- spondence the Government intimated through the Commissioner of Trade and Customs who, instead of His Excellency the Governor, maintained relations with Captain Waddell that a commission would be appointed to supervise the repairs, lest anything should be done to increase the ship's speed, or add to her armament. To this Captain Waddell as- sented, and, after some delay, owing to the difficulty of the investigation, it was found that the outer stern-buck and composition castings of the propeller shaft were entirely gone, so as to render it necessary for the vessel to be placed on the Patent Slip. About this time, and in answer to a hint from the Go- vernment respecting the need of an early de- parture, Captain Waddell addressed the Go- vernment thus, in one of his letters : " I am extremely anxious to get the Shenandoah to sea. The procrastination by the parties employed under His Excellency the Governors permission for the necessary repairs to this ship seems to me un- necessary; and if I appeal to His Excellency the Governor for further Instructions to those employed to hurry up the work on this ship, I hope His Excel- lency the Governor will see in it the spirit of a law abiding man, and one impatient to be about his country's business." The Government by their action appeared to admit the necessity of the delays, and not till twelve day's after the ship had been in port asked that a day should be named for her departure. Captain Waddell again re- plied that the delays were caused by the diffi- culty of getting the vessel on the slip, and the notorious effects of some severe gales, which once caused the Shenandoah to get adrift, and nearly occasioned very serious damage. These reasons were apparently admitted to be good, and eventually, on the 14th February, Captain Waddell announced to Mr. Francis that he expected to get to sea by the Sunday following. Hitherto the only public expres- sion of ill-feeling emanated from Mr. Berry, a member of our lower House of Legislature. In his place in the Legislative Assembly, he called the attention of the Govern- ment to the subject, stating that the She- nandoah being in reality the Sea King, and an English vessel, should be seized under the neutrality proclamation. In reply, the Chief Secretary pointed out that there was nothing which could be accepted as proof of the hon. member's assumption, and Mr. Berry received an unmistakable snubbing at the hands of several other mem- bers of the House, including Mr. O'Shanassy, whose remark that Mr. Berry might as well have let the matter alone was cheered in all parts of the House. Meanwhile, as time went on, it was gene- rally understood that the American Consul, urged by more than one American merchant in Melbourne, was striving his utmost to get the authorities to interfere with the vessel ; and as a few of the ship's crow had deserted, their testimony was said to be used to in- fluence the Government. The first conse- quence was, perhaps, the most extraordinary ever heard of. On February 13 a police- inspector presented himself on board the ship, as she lay on the patent slip, with a warrant for the arrest of a man named " Charlie," said to be a British sub- ject enlisted in the Confederate service, and concealed in the Shenandoah, which was known to be short of men. Captain Waddell was away, and the officer in charge refused to allow the vessel to be searched. Next day, Mr. Beaver and Mr. Superintendent Lyttleton (his superior officer) came on board again with the warrant as before, which they desired to execute. Captain Waddell received them courteously, but declined to allow them to search the ship, intimating that it was as much as his commission was worth to allow his flag to be be disgraced. He also gave his word of honour on the faith of an officer and gentleman that he had shipped no one, nor enlisted any person for service since his arrival ; and that, in fact, no such person was or could be on board. The next event that occurred took place that very afternoon, the vessel being still on the slip. About fifty armed policemen entered the slip-yard, ex- cluded all the workmen, and practically stopped the works and prevented the launch. The instructions given to the police will be best described in the following telegram : " Telegram from Mr. F. C. Standish, Chief Commis- sioner of Victorian Police, to Mr. Beaver, police In- spector, stationed at Williamstown. " I have to direct that you communicate with Mr. Chambers, the lessee of the patent slip, that the Gover- nor in Council has given directions that he and all other British subjects in this colony at once desist from rendering any aid or assistance, or perform any work, in respect to the said classed Confederate ship Shenandoah, or in launching the same. You will at once proceed with the whole of the police at your dis- posal - to the patent slip, and prevent, at all risks, the launch of the said ship. Superintendent Lyttelton and fifty men, also fifty or the military, proceed at once to Williamstown, telegraphing anything that may occur direct to me. "F. C. STANDISH. "Tuesday, 14, 1865." The military -fifty men of the Royal Artil- lery- started, but were countermanded. When affairs, were at this stage Captain Waddell received a letter from Mr. Francis, on behalf of the Government, charging him with having refused permission to execute the warrant, and calling upon him to reconsider his deter- mination, pending which the permission granted to repair and take supplies was sus- pended. Captain Waddell at once replied that the execution of the warrant, had not been refused, but only permission to "' search" the ship, whose deck represented the majesty of the flag that flew over it. He added, more- over, that the shipping articles had been ex- hibited to show that no one had shipped while the vessel was in port, and that he had ordered two commissioned officers to search the ship, but they had found no strangers. He concluded by entering, in the name of his Government, his solemn protest against any obstruction that would cause the detention of his ship. The day's proceedings were closed by the captain giving orders for the launch of his ship early next morning. An episode occurred here that belongs to this narrative. At a few minutes after nine p.m. on that evening, the police, who were stationed all round the vessel and within a very few yards of her, saw four men come down the gangway into a boat alongside. The water police close by followed this boat, which was rowed swiftly away, but the end was that the four men were arrested on shore and subsequently identified by some deserters as men whom they had seen concealed on board, one being the identical " Charlie." Next day they were brought before a magis- trate, and remanded until the following day, Thursday. Meanwhile, on Wednesday morning, Cap- tain Waddell finding that the launch of his ship, which was securely fast on the Patent Slip, was prevented by the order of the Go- vernment, wrote at once to Mr. Francis, de- claring his vessel to be seized, and asking if the Governor approved of this ? At forty- five minutes past one o'clock on the same day, the Governor, by proclamation, revoked the prohi- bition of the launch, and a letter from Mr. Francis to Captain Waddell intimated that as it was reported that the safety of the ship was endangered by her position on the slip, the suspension of the permission to British sub- jects to assist in the launch was withdrawn. In consequence, the ship was launched the same evening. Late at night Captain Wad- dell received the following communication : " Custom-house, Melbourne, Feb. 16, 1865. "Sir,-I am directed by His Excellency the Go- vernor to further acknowledge your communications of the 14th and 15th inst., in which, alleging that the vessel under your command had been seized, you ask whether the seizure is known to His Excellency the Governor, and if it meets his approval. " I am to inform you, in reply, that this Govern- ment has not directed or authorized the seizure of the Shenandoah. "The instructions to the police were to see that none of Her Majesty's subjects in this colony rendered any aid or assistance to, or performed any work in respect of, your vessel during the period of the sus- pension of the permission which was granted to you to repair and take in supplies, pending your reply to my letter of yesterday's date, in regard to a British sub- ject being on board your vessel, and having entered the service of the Confederate States, in violation of the British statute known as the Foreign Enlistment Act, and of the instructions issued by the Governor for the maintenance of neutrality by Her Majesty's subjects. " In addition to evidence previously in possession of this Government, it has been reported by the police that about ten o'clock last night four men, who had been in concealment on board the Shenandoah, left the ship, and were arrested Immediately after so leaving by the water police. " It appears from the statements of these men, that they were on board your vessel both on Monday and Tuesday, the 13th and 14th Inst., when their pre- sence was denied by the commanding officer in charge, and by yourself subsequently, when you declared that there were 'no persons on board this ship ex- cept those whose names are on our shipping articles.' This assertion must necessarily have been made by you without having ascertained for yourself by a search that such men were not on board, while at the time you refused pemission to the officer charged with the execution of the warrant to carry it into effect. " Reffering to that portion of your Communication of the 14th inst., in which you inform His Excellency the Governor ' that the execution of the warrant was not refused, as no such person as the one therein specified was on board,' I am in a position to state that one of the four men previously alluded to is ascertained to be the person named in the warrant. " I am also to observe that, while at the moment of the despatch of your letter it may be true that these men were not on board the Shenandoah, it is beyond question that they were on board at the time it was indited, your letter having been despatched at five minutes before ten o'clock. " It thus appears plain, as a matter of fact, that the Foreign Enlistment Act was in COMBO of being evaded. " Nevertheless, as the only person for whose arrest a warrant was issued has been secured, and as you are now in a position to say, as 'commanding officer of the ship, and on behalf of your Government, whose faith is pledged by the assurance, that there are no persons on board this ship except those whose names are on our shipping articles, and that no one has been enlisted in the service of the Confederate States since my arrival in this port,' His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to revoke the directions issued yes- terday, suspending permission to British subjects to aid and assist you in effecting the necessary repairs and taking in supplies. "I am to add, it is expected you will exercise every despatch, to as to insure your departure by the day named in your first letter of yesterday-viz. Sunday next. " I have the honour to be, Sir, " Your obedient servant, (Signed) "JAS. G. FRANCIS. " J. J. Waddell, Esq., Lieut., Commanding C. S. str. Shenandoah." To this Captain Waddell replied next day by thanking His Excellency the Govomor for his observance of the rights of belligerents, denying that the men arrested formed any part of his complement, but were stowaways, detected after a further search, and at once ordered over the side, and declaring that in no way could he be accused of an evasion of the Foreign Enlistment Act. He ended thus, addressing himself to Sir. Francis : " In conclusion, Sir, allow me to inform you that I consider the tone of your letter remarkably dis- respectful and insulting to the Government I have the honour to represent, and that I shall take an early opportunity of forwarding it to the Richmond Government." This closed the correspondence between Captain Waddell and the Government. A letter was sent by Captain Waddell to the Attorney-General, asking what was regarded by the Crown as British waters ; but only an informal reply, written by a clerk, and stating that no reasons had been given why the in formation should be afforded, was received, This "reply" Captain Waddell handed back to the messenger, with the simple answer that it had better be taken back, with his compliments. It must be added that the four men arrested were brought up before the Williamstown Police Court on Thursday. Four deserters from the Shenandoah, one a negro, gave evidence against them, and it was remarked that the witnesses all sat together in court and gave their evidence against each prisoner one after the other without any hindranoe to their communica- tions with each other, or to their hearing each other's testimony. The tenor of their evidence was that the men had been locked up in the forecastle of the Shenandoah when visitors were on board, being let out when the ship was clear, and that several of the officers had themselves told " Charlie," who wore Confederate uniform, to keep out of the way. No ono appeared for the prisoners in any way. One, being an American citizen, was discharged, and the other three com- mitted to trial. The public feeling in Melbourne on these matters ran very strong, and a crowded public meeting, called together in the middle of the day, strongly reprehended the Government for their seizure of the ship. This sentiment was considerably heightened when the terms of Mr. Francis's last letter were made known, and of course the subject became the princi- pal topic of conversation when next day the whole correspondence between Captain Wad- dell and the Government was published in The Argus, together with declarations from a number of the officers directly contradicting the testimony of the four deserters. One of these contradictions set forth that the negro deserter was the only person ever kept in the forecastle while the ship was in port, and that for drunkenness and insults to visitors. An address to Captain Waddell, expressive of regret at the annoyances to which he had been subjected as a belligerent obtaining his undoubted rights, of belief in his observance of the neutrality, and in his unsullied reputation as an officer and gentle- man, had been prepared, and was very numeroubly signed, but the Shenandoah left before it could be presented. As for the ship, the men worked double tides night and day to get her clear, and on Satur- day morning at daybreak she tripped anchor and steamed through the Heads at noon, eventually taking a southern course. It is not denied that during Friday night a num- ber of men-ascertained to be not more than twenty-seven or thirty-found their way on board the Shenandoah, and did not return on shore again. It is not improbable that we shall soon hear more of her, as many Yankee vessels are expected to arrive here soon. Several were fortunate enough to outer our waters just as she was steaming out, THE GOLD-FIELDS. The continuance of dry weather is throw- ing many men out of employment on the gold-fields, and seriously diminishing the yield. Puddlers have been obliged to cease work in all directions, and very many of the crushing mills are at a stand-still owing to the drying up of the small reservoirs. The deep lead companies alone are able to find occupation for their full complement of men, and as a matter of course there is a large pro- portion of the alluvial miners in shallow ground who can do little good for themselves. Such is the unsatisfactory aspect of affairs at a time when water is more scared than it has been for many years past, but on the other hand everything promises well for the future. In every district the deep loads are extending, and the number of new and valuable quarts reefs discovered during the last month has been very large. Nothing more has been done to prove the value of the lead struck at Col- lingwood, as the company and the contractor have been squabbling ever since about the right of possession to the mine, and have so managed their affairs as to prevent any work being done ; but there is no reason as yet to doubt the existence of a lead through the valley of the Yarra, and if so it must have a long course. We directed attention last month to the very great importance of the discovery of a deep lead at Morse's Creek, in the Ovens district, under the false bottom from which such large yields of gold had been previously obtained there, and the prospect- ing party on this have since driven into the gutter to a distance of upwards of forty feet, without any appearance of even the centre of it being reached, so that the lead must be a very wide one, and judging from the small quantity of washdirt tried, it must be asto rich. A few weeks more will afford some certainty on this point, but present in- dications favour the idea of this being the greatest, if not the richest, of the deep leads yet uncovered. In other districts the search for new leads is continued with spirit, and no sooner is a company formed under any- thing like favourable auspices than every share is taken up. This desire for the in- vestment of capital in mining enterprise is as strong as ever, but it is well regulated, and no project has a chance of being well sup- ported unless of a bona fide character. Spe- culation theie is certainly, but only in the shares of companies likely to begin paying, or to have no increase iu their dividends, and there are so many of these that over-specula- tion is little to be feared. As a proof of the accidental manner in which reefs are sometimes found, we may point to what happened near Malmesbury a few days since, when a farmer, in ploughing his land a little deeper than usual, turned up some specimens glittering with gold, as he might potatoes, and on further examination these were found to be from the cap of a very rich-looking reef, on which operations were commenced at once. A new tract of auriferous country has been taken up on the Black River, a tributary to the Goulburn, and running into it about ten miles below Wood's Point, where both rich-looking reefs and alluvial ground have been opened. The quartz was found cropping out of the ground in large blocks, with plenty of gold to be seen in them, and the only wonder is that it was not stumbled on before by some of the many inspectors out through these ranges. No large yields have been announced lately from any ot the Wood's Point claims, but a trial lot of ten tons from a reef at Gooley's Creek was put through the mill with an average of ten ounces to the ton. In the neighbourhood of the Crooked River several more new reefs have been opened, one of them said to be the richest of all yet known, aud as there will be plenty of machinery soon in operation, the first crushing mill being already at work, their value will shortly be tested. Another branch of mining promises also to be- come of importance amongst the moun- tains, a number of companies having been formed to work for tin, of which there appears to be a great abundance in the sands of come of the rivers, at least on the upper and little-known portions of their course. A valuable lode of tin is said to have been also found within two miles of Beechworth. The older quartz districts have not been without their discoveries, and a fair proportion of large yields, even though water is scarce, and things generally are dull. In the last quar- terly returns from the mining surveyors, we find particulars as to the average yield from the quartz in different districts, which tend lather to disturb some of the ideas generally entertained on this subject. Thus, the Wood's Point district, far from being the highest, only gave an average of 1oz. 11dwt. 6gr. to the ton from the 3,800 tons of stone crushed during the quarter, while the average from the Donnelly's Creek reefs, on the other side of the range, and about which so little is heard, was 2oz. 8dwt. 14gr. to the ton. Then the still higher ave- rage of 3oz. 10dwt. 17gr. was obtained in a portion of the Beechworth district: but one of the Ballarat companies crushed 12,584 tons, with an average of only 1dwt. 12gr, to the ton. The yield from the deep lead compa- nies at this place continues as high as ever, the Band of Hope Company having washed out 1536oz. 16dwt., 1,364oz, 948oz. and 1,226 oz.9dwt,, during each of the four last weeks respectively. The Koh-i-noor obtained 1,000oz. for one fortnight, and nearly as much for the other ; the Great Extended Com- pany washing out 850oz. during the two first, and 1,779oz. 5dwt. during the two second weeks. It is long since we have had to announce the finding of two such large nuggets as have been disposed of this month-one namely of 190oz., and the other of 338oz. 8dwt. The first was found by a lad, at a depth of two feet and a half from the surface, in a small gutter in Nuggetty Gully, Fryer's Creek ; and the other by two men, at a depth of eighteen feet, somewhere in the Whipstick tract of country, in the Bendigo district. AGRICULTURE. The grain harvest is now over, and as the threshing-machines come into operation, the yield is found to vary widely, but to be on the whole good. The ravages of the cater- pillar and grub, and the losses from blight, have been nowhere extensive ; while the wheat may be said to be quite free from the effects of rust, although a little was to have been seen in places on the straw. Very good crops were grown from seed much shrivelled by the rust last year ; but this year there was not moisture enough either in the ground or the atmosphere to allow of its developing sufficiently to do any mischief. An investigation has been made into the causes of this disease by a subcommittee of the Council of Agriculture, (and in their report they say that, on analysis, all soils and subsoils from fields which produced badly- rusted crops, proved to be remarkably deficient in the phosphates and in lime, especially in the former. Rust was also found to have prevailed om all descriptions of land, rich or poor, drained or undrained, manured or not manured, but to have been worst on new land ploughed immediately before being sown, and this irrespective of geological formation. The use of seashells or salt was found to be no pre- ventive. Farmers are, therefore, recommended to apply the phosphate and alkalies as ma- nures wherever they can, and to plough their land as early as possible, so as not to be obliged to sow wheat for at least a month after. Early sowing is also advisable, as in the affected districts late crops suffered by far the most. The white Tuscan, red straw white wheat, and red spring wheat, suffered much less than the golden drop, the white prolific, the velvet, club-eared, and Winslow wheats; and the latter sorts are therefore to be avoided for the future; but we must hope that very many years will elapse before we have such a season for rust again. This summer has been, on the contrary, too dry, and the potatoes have suffered in consequence, the roots being everywhere small, and the crop light. Other root crops are not grown to a sufficient extent to be of any material conse- quence, but all are poor alike, and vegetables are becoming very scarce. The fruit, too, is mostly small, and much of it is withering on the trees where the soil is shallow. The grapes still promise well, and if the yield is not very heavy, the quality will be good, but the price is likely to be low, for there will be few pur- chasers, as wine-making has hitherto been so unprofitable. A collection of plaster casts of some of the best specimens of our fruit and vegetables is being prepared for the Dublin show, but it is a pity that a little longer time could not have been afforded for getting together suitable samples of our grain, as the best will be kept for the National and other principal shows, which are not to be held until after all the things intended for the Dublin show will be sent away. Still, the collection will be one of which we need not be ashamed, as the grain is all of a very superior quality this year, and we have plenty of good, if not of our very best samples to spare. For the reason mentioned, the National Show at Ballarat is likely to be remarkable for the superiority of the prize samples of grain at it, even if the competition is not so great from all parts of the colony as such prizes should insure. On this point, however, it is too soon to form a de- finite opinion, and the show may yet re- ceive more general support than we have reason to anticipate. The complete agricul- tural statistics for the twelvemonth ending on the 31st of March, 1864, have been pub- lished, and, excepting details, those add little to the information given when the returns were collected. We then know that our average yield of wheat had been reduced from eighteen to nine bushels to the acre by the wide-spread failure of the crops, and that we had grown but little over two bushels for each unit of the population, instead of the six bushels a-head needed for their consumption. Thus two-thirds of the bread stuffs required for the year had to be im- ported, but this year, although there has been a reduction in the extent of land under wheat, we have grown much more than half of what we require. The numbers of the live stock are given in these returns for the first time, and these were :- Of horses, 86,067 in 1863, and 103,328 in 1864, an increase of 17,261 ; of cattle, 576,601 in 1863, and 675,272 in 1864, an increase of 98,671 ; of sheep, 6,764,851 in 1863, and 7,115,943 in 1864, an increase of 351,092; and of pigs 52,991 in 1863, and 79,655 in 1864 ; an increase of 26,664. NEW ZEALAND. The month has been fruitful in events of grave importance. The leading incidents are the surrender of Wiremu Tamihana, the Maori King-maker, and the blazing out of active hostilities on the western coast. The great native meeting at Hangatika, at which Thompson, had intimated that Go- vernor Grey's peace proposals would be con- sidered, was duly held. It was attended by more than a thousand Maories, and both Thompson and Rewi, the leading Ngatimaniopoto chief, by whom the war was originally fomented, were present. Thompson spoke for peace, while Rewi de- clared for war to the knife, and the latter is understood to have carried the tribes with him. He is reported to have left tor the scene of operations at Wanganui, at the head of the fighting men of his own and the dis- possessed Waikato tribes. The next heard of Thompson was that he had communicated with Brigadier General Carey, who commands in the Waikato, offering to surrender to any officers who might be deputed to receive him. The Telegraph briefly informs us this Captain Blewitt, of the 60th, and Captain Baker, of the 18th, proceeded on this mission, and have returned to head- quarters, accompanied by Thompson. This redoubtable chieftain, it will be borne in mind, is the founder of the King move- ment. He it was who conceived the idea of uniting the tribes under a monarch that they might act together to resist the advances of the white man ; and he has carried out the scheme with equal zeal and ability. It has long been known, however, that he is con- vinced of the failure of the movement, for a failure it is, as shown by the facts that the war was entered upon against the King's wishes and commands, and that of late the monarch has sunk into a nonentity. How far Thompson is acting in concert with the tribes which once acknowledged his influence we have yet to learn. The scene of action is now shifted from, the Waikato to the western coast. A distinguish- ing feature in the war policy of the Weld Ministry, is the construction of roads through . the disturbed districts along the west coast to Wellington and the adjacent settlements. This the very thing the natives have always forbidden Europeans to do, and the local rebels, with their Waikato allies, are now ereting pas to stop the progress of the troops, of whom there are upwards of 3,000 in the district, under the command of Brigadier- General Waddy. In the meantime, the loyal natives and the out-settlers about Wan- ganui are suffering severely. In one in- stance, a chief named Rio, together with many men, women, and children, were surprised and brutally murdered on account or their refusal to join the rebel cause. In another, Mr. J. D. Hewitt, a member of the Provincial Council, was shot in his own house, and subsequently his head was cut off. A severe action has already taken place. The natives had erected a pa on the Waito- tara block recently purchased by the Govern- ment, but the sale of which the rebels dis- pute. General Cameron ordered Brigadier Waddy to form an advanced camp close to this piece. On the 24th, a skirmish took place, in which we have to regret the loss of Lieutenant Johnston, D.A.A G. 40th Regiment, an officer who has served with distinction, and whose death will be sincerely regretted. Three men were killed and seven severely wounded. Next day the Maories attacked the camp in force. They opened fire upon an out-lying picket of the 50th, drove it in with severe loss, and while the fighting was proceeding here, they burst in on the otherside of the camp in such force and with such fury as to drive the troops before them in a hand-to-hand fight, in which they used their long-handled tomahawks with deadly effect. The British soldiers were soon rallied by their officers, a detachment of Mounted Artillery charged the natives in the rear, and without having actually penetrated the camp, the Maories were driven back to the bush. Our loss was seventeen killed and thirty three wounded, the list of the latter including Lieutenant Wilson and Ensign Grant, of the 60th. Twenty-three Maori bodies were re- covered, and the total loss of the enemy is estimated at sixty or seventy men killed. 300 men of the 18th Regiment and 500 men of the 60th were engaged, ond the Maories are believed to have been 600 strong. It is said that 2,000 fighting men are in arms at Wanganui -as many as took the field last year in the Waikato. The country is most difficult to operate in, for there is no river to facilitate transport, and where the land is not covered with an impenetiable forest, it is overgrown with the tall native flax plant, which af- fords a dense cover. The Wanganui natives have abandoned themselves to the delusions of the mad prophet who has been recently preaching a crusade against the Europeans, ordered, as he says, by the angel Gabriel. Our troops have, therefore, to en- counter fanatics as well as savages. The adhe- rents of the Pai Mairre superstition, as it is termed, were promised invulnerability, and this, it is said, induced them to make the bold and open attack on the Nakumaru camp. It is hoped that they are now unde- ceived. MUSIC AND THE DRAMA, The past month has been chiefly remark- able for the first appearance of new Irish comedians, both houses having put forward attractions in this way. The debut of Mr. W. O'Neil, an entirely new actor on our stage, at the Haymarket Theatre, was a de- cided success. High praise, won in the United States, preceded him, but it was at once proved to be substantially true by his Barney, in " Barney, the Baron," and Paddy Murphy, in " The Happy Man." Nature has given him most of the requisites that go to the makiug up of an Irish comedian-a face strikingly expressive and flexible, a bright eye sparkling with native fun and humour, and a rich brogue that brings laughter in the very sound of it. He was very happy in giving expression to the humorous points, either in the narrative or dialogue set down, the intonation was so harmoniously suited to the varying humours designed to stir the mirth of the spectators. Though not highly gifted with powers of voice, he sang in a very pleasing manner "Paddy's Wedding:" and in the farce, with a capital drum accom- paniment, " When Johnny Comes Marching Home ;" and without any accompaniment at all, "The Birth of St. Patrick" -the latter delectable production affording, in another form, an example ot the artist's power of pointed and expressive intonation. Mr. O'Neil was eminently successful in his first ap- pearance and received the warmest applause from a crowded house. Mr. O'Neil subse- quently sustained his reputation as an artist in the "Irish Lion" and "Handy Andy." We understand that it is his intention shortly to make his bow before a London audience. Mr. Shiel Barry, who has won some fame in our provinces, is the representative of Irish character at the Theatre Royal. He made his appearance as Pandeen O'Rafferty, in " Born to Good Luck," and "Handy Andy." Mr. Barry has humour, vivacity, an expressive face and mellifluous brogue, and with these qualities more experience of his profession will gain him some position on the stage. We are to have the novelty at this theatre on Saturday of a new tragedian, in the person of Mr. J. H. Allen, from California Mr. Allen won some fame in the United States, and his efforts have been mentioned in highly-lauda- tory terms by the press. Mr. Barry Sullivan has obtained some of the latest dramatic noveltities, which will be produced during Mr. Allan's engagement. Foremost amongst the musical memoranda of the month we have to note the close of a successful engagement by Mr. and Mrs. Heine at the Haymarket Theatre. Mr. Heine's powers as a violinist have been tested in selections from the works of Beethoven and Spohr, and other classical compositions, which are usually considered to be quite be- yond the appreciation of mixed audiences, and listened to with breathless attention. Madame Heine executed some brilliant piano- forte solos, and has already made a steady advance to popularity as a musician. Signor Cutolo, who introduced himself to the Melbourne public some time since as a pupil of Mercadante, and a pianist of unusual merit, has made another successful re-appear- ance at a concert given an St. George's-hall, His playing combines exquisite lightness, softness, delicacy, and modulation of emphasis. His best effort was the "Sonata Pathetique " of Beethoven. An "historical" concert in contribution to a fund for a testimonial to Mr. Dredge, who has been mainly instrumental in organizing our Philharmonic Society, was given on the 7th inst., in the Exhibition building. The design of the performance was to illustrate the pro- gress of oratorio from 1735 to 1840, in large selections from four of the greatest masters in sacred composition. These were taken from Handel's "Israel in Egypt," Haydn's " Crea- tion," Beethoven's " Engedi," and Mendels- sohn's "Lobgesang," or Hymn of Praise. If not distinguished by any striking ex- cellence, the concert was marked by the conscientious efforts with which this so- ciety always strive to attain excellence, The obituary subsequently records the death of the lamented gentleman in whose honour this interesting performance was got up. Mrs. George Case (Grace Egerton) is now performing in our suburbs. Miss Edith Palmerston (Mrs. W. Alexander), in "A Folio of Fun." assisted by her husband, and Mr. James Gee at the pianoforte, take the vacant place at the Polytechnic- hall. SPORTING. The turf business in Victoria during the last month has been limited to several minor provincial meetings, at which no now good horse has appeared. The best Victorian quadrupeds have been employed in endeavour- ing to win the Champion prize offered by the Tasmanians of Launceston, which was, how- ever, eventually carried off by Mr. S. Black- well's horse Panic, bred by Captain Alexander, in England, foaled on May 28, 1858, by Alarm, his dam by Melbourne -Birthday, by Panta- loon-Honoria, by Camel. Panic's pedigree is therefore as good as that of any horse in the world, and combines several of the finest and most approved strains of blood. He never raced in England, nor until he ran third in the Champion Race in December, 1861, at Hobart Town, where his stable com- panion, Shillelagh, belonging to the same owner, ran second. It is somewhat singular that upon that occasion there were nine horses entered from Tasmania-Merryman, Promised Land, East Field. Charles XII., Livingstone, Panic, Shillelagh, Sir Hercules, and Flying Doe; two from New South Wales- Talleyrand and Kyogle ; one from Western Australia-Ben Bolt ; and only one, the winner, Mormon, from Victoria. It is believed that on that occasion Mr. Blackwell, of Melton Mowbray, Panic's owner, be- lieved Shillelagh to be quite good enough to win the race, and that less preparation and care were bestowed on Panic than on his other horse. Two days after the champion race. Panic was again beaten by Mormon, to whom he ran second in the great Tasmanian Handicap, whereupon he was withdrawn from the turf for along time, and placed in the stud, whence he has returned to the turf only during the past year. The horse was brought on the course very fit, considering the difficulties inseparable from training under the circumstances of his past treatment, although this season Panic has been saved especially to win the Champion race in 5min. 50sec. The Champion race re- sulted as follows : THE CHAMPION RACE Open to all the Australian colonies. 500 sovs., with a sweep of 50 sovs. each added. The second horse to receive 100 sovs., and the third 50 sovs. Weights:-8 yrs old, 7st. ; 4 yrs old, 8st. 6lb. ; 5 yrs old, 9st. ; 6 yrs old and aged, 9st. 5lb. Distance three miles. Mr. S.Blackwell's blk h Panic, 6 yrs (P. Kelly) .. 1 Mr. James Wilson's br m Musidera, 5 yrs .. .. 2 Mr. I. Pear's b c Poet, 4 yrs ........ 3 Mr. B. Lyall's mouse-coloured g Ben Bolt .. .. 4 Mr. Harper's b c Banker, 4 yrs .. ...5 Mr. J. C. James's b h Ebor, 6 yrs. Mr. Keighran's br h Mormon, aged. Mr. J. Harper's b h Barwon, 5 yrs. Mr. Hurtle Fisher's ch f Hose of Denmark, 4 yrs. Mr. Adye Douglas's b c Railway Harry, 4 yrs. The race seemed to be altogether between Panic, Musidora, Railway Harry, and Poet, the first-named winning easily by two lengths. WINNERS OF THE INERCOLONIAL CHAMPION SWEEPSTAKES. Weights-Plying Buck, (6st. 5lb.; Zoe, 1860, 9st. 31b.; 1861, 9st. ; Mormon, 9st. 2lb.; Talleyrand, 9stl2lb.; Ladybird, 9st. 1lb.; Barwon, 8st. 10lb.; Mormon, 9st. 101b.; Lady Bird, 9st. 12lb. ; Panic, 9st. 5lb. Year. Owner. Winner. Age. Time. 1859., 1860. 1861. 1861. 1862. 1863. 1863. 1864. 1865. 1865. Mr. Yuille Mr. Tait.. Mr. Tait.. Mr. Keighran Mr. Tait.. Mr. Bellwood Mr. Harper Mr. Keighran Mr. Lance Mr. Blackwell Flying Buck. Zoe .. Zoe Mormon Talleyrand . Ladybird Barwon Mormon Ladybird Panic .. 5 57½ 5 59 5 57 6 14 6 10 5 55½ 5 53 The cricketers have also had their inter- colonial champion match, between the Mel- bourne and the Albert (Sydney) clubs. The Victorians won easily in one innings. The score was as follows : ALBERT CLUB. FIST INNINGS. Thompson, b Conway .. Gilbert, b Caffyn .. Stack, b Caffyn Jones, b Conway Curtis, b Caffyn Laurence, c Cosstick b Conway .. Gorman, c and b Conway Rowley, run out ., ., D'Arcy, c Kelly, b Conway Gordon, b Conway.. ., Foulis, not out B, 4; lb, 2 SECOND INNINGS. 8 c Fowler, b Wills 8 O b Wills .. .. O cWardill b Cosstick 0 c Fowler, b Wills O b Wills .. 2 not out .. O tun out .. 6 b Cosstick.. O bCosstick.. 10 c Kelly b Cosstick .1 run out O 13, 5; lb, 1 .. 16 Total.36 Total .. .. 47 MELBOURNE . 47 FIRST INNINGS. Wardill, b Laurence . 5 Cosstick, b Thompson . 10 Caffyn, b Laurence. 20 Hewitt, b Thompson . 6 Holly, b Thompson. 40 Tait, c Thompson, b Jones .. .. 13 Wills, run out . 7 Conway, 1 b w, b Jones. 0 Greaves, not out . 3 Fowler, b Thompson . 6 Hope (disabled) . 0 B, 3; 1 b,4 . 7 Total. 142 BOWLING ANALYSIS. ALBERT CLUB -FIRST INNINGS. Balls. Runs Maidens Wicltot-i. 66 .. 15 .. ti .. 3 65 .. 15 .. 7 .. 0 SECOND INNINGS. Balls. Kims Maidens. Wickets. .. 100 .. 'IP .. 10 .. 4 Caffyn Conway Cosstick Wills Laurence Thompson Jones .. Gilbert.. Gordon.. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. The Northam, with the December mails, reached King George's Sound at noon on the 5th Inst., and left on the following day, making the run to this port in five days and ten hours, and arriving on the afternoon of Saturday, the 11th inst. The present mails will be conveyed by the Madras, and will leave Hobson's Bay at two o'clock to-morrow, two days earlier than usual, to allow for the shortness of the current month. STATE OF TRADE. The mercantile community has been anxi- ously watching the changes effected in the proposed tariff during the month, and busi- ness has consequently been thoroughly un- settled. The duties proposed by the Ministry, a list of which was given in our last summary, are still being levied, under the authority of a resolution of the Legislative Assemb'y, taken on the night the Treasurer's financial statement was made. The tariff has since passed through the Committee of the House, and considerable alterations have been effected in it. The reductions suggested in the Government scheme were adopted in their integrity, with the exception of the propo- sal relative to the export duty on gold. In the Ministerial list, this was set down at Is. per doz. The shape in which the resolution has been carried is- 1s. per oz. for 1865, 6d. per ounce for 1860, and at the end of that year to be abolished. The new duties brought forward have undergone considerable modification. Jewellery and watches, which the Govern- ment intended to tax by the ounce, have been made subject to an ad valorem duty of ten per cent. In place of the duty per cubic foot measurement, proposed for articles of silk manufacture, as well as for musical instru- ments, furniture, toys, woodonware, earthen- ware, brushware, &c.;, a similar ad valorem of ten per cent, has been adopted. Oils, which were set down for a duty of 6d. per gallon, have been struck out, and in their place sub- stituted oats and barley, with a duty of 8d. per bushel. The tariff is not yot released from the Lower House, and even while we write it may be undergoing fresh mutation. It has yet to pass into the hands of the Le- gislative Council, where its fate is uncer- tain. Apart from the mischief arising from the operation of a tariff affecting such a vast number of articles, the uncertainty relative to it has tended greatly to injure trade, and has almost crushed anything in the shape of speculation. In but two or three articles have sales of magnitude been effected. Teas, sugars, and flour, have been, as will be seen by reference to our detailed reports, dealt in to a considerable extent. In the first men- tioned import, the character of the market has been somewhat impaired by the intro- duction of large quantities of the most rub- bishy description. Considerable publicity has, however, been given to the attempts to palm this trash off upon the public, and it is now difficult of sale. The attention of the health officer of the city has likewise been directed towards it. After analysatlon, he reports that it consists of " exhausted tea-leaves of several varieties, and of leaves other than tea-leaves, coloured with Prussian blue, chromate of lime, indigo, black lead, and earthy matter ; in effect, being little more than woody fibre artificially coloured." Instructions were given this official to pre- vent as far as possible the imposition of this article upon the public. In good teas of all sorts a fair trade has been done. Flour con- tinues to be sold at an abnormal price for the season of the year, in consequence of the South Australian growers holding their pro- duce in hopes of a further advance Arrange- ments are said to have been made by some Melbourne houses for the obtainment of fresh supplies from Chilian ports. Three meetings of creditors have been called during the month, viz, in the estates of Mr. Henry Ritchie, Messts. Douglass, De Little, and Co., and R. Dunn and Co. In the first two, the estates are of a payable character, and in that of the last- named firm only a brief time was de- manded to pay all liabilities in full. The Insolvency Circular for February, supplies a list of the insolvencies of the month of January. The number of schedules filed in Melbourne in that month is fifty, and in Geelong eleven. The total of the liabilities of the former amounts to £18,209, and the assets to £7,398 3s. The particulars of five estates out of the fifty, however, are not re- corded. MONEY AND EXCHANGE. The inactivity which has characterized mercantile business for some time past has now extended itself to banking. Money has fallen in value since the departure of last mail, but, notwithstanding, bankers complain of a deficiency of paper. This is, doubtless, attributable to the limited quantity of mer- cantile business which has been transacted consequent upon the introduction of the new tariff. So much is the supply of money in excess of the demand in some quar- ters, that a considerable amount of local capital has recently been lent to a neigh- bouring colony for investment. Rates of discount are quoted at eight, nine, and ten per cent for two, three, and four months' paper respectively, but we hear of considerable concessions on those rates having been made ; as much, indeed, as a half or three quarters per cent, all round. For exchange on London, a limited demand exists. Little, if any, alteration has taken place since the departure of last mail, and from par to half per cent, discount for sixty days' sight drafts continue as the ruling rates. THE NEW TARIFF. The following is the proposed tariff, as amended by the Legislative Assembly: Spirits or strong waters, of any strength, not exceeding the strength of proof, by Sykes's hydrometer, and so in proportion for any greater or less strength than the strength of proof, per gal. .. .. 10 0 Spirits, cordials, liquors, or strong waters, sweetened or mixed with any article, so that the degree of strength cannot be ascertained by Syke's hydrometer, per gal. .. .. .. 10 0 Spirits perfumed, per gal. .. 10 0 Wine, per gallon, in wood ; or for six reputed quart bottles; or for twelve reputed pint , bottles .. .. .. .3 0 Ale, porter, spruce and other beer, cider, and perry, per gallon, in wood ; or for six re- puted quart bottles; or for twelve reputed pint bottles .. .. .. ..0 6 Tobacco, manufactured, per lb.2 0 Do., unmanufactured, per lb.1 0 Do., sheepwash, per lb.0 3 Snuff, per lb.2 0 Cigars, per lb. .5 0 Hops, per lb.0 2 Malt, per bushel .0 0 Coffee, and chicory, cocoa and chocolates, per lb. 0 2 Rice, per cwt... .. ..2 0 Opium, per lb. .. .. .. .. 10 0 Tea, per lb... .. .. ..0 3 Sugar and molasses, per cwt... .. 3 0 Dried fruits, per lb.. .. .. 0 1 Preserved fruits and vegetables, nuts of all Kinds (not including cocoanuts), butter, cheese, candles, bacon, lard, hams, starch, soap, con- fectionery, biscuits, comfits, sweetmeats, suc cades, jams, macaroni, vermicelli, maizena, preserved meats and fish, per lb., or packet of that reputed weight .0 1 Salt, per ton. 20 0 Varnish, per gal. 2 0 Salted provisions, including fish not otherwise enumerated, and not caught by vessels owned in the colony, per cwt..5 0 Doors, each. ... 1 0 Window sashes, per pair.1 0 Gold plate, per oz. troy .. .. .8 0 Silver plate, per oz. troy... .. 1 0 Watches, jewels, and jewellery of all kinds, 10 per cent, ad valorem. Millinery, and all articles made up from fabrics of silk, or of silk mixed with other materials, per cubic foot, measuring outside the package, or for any package less than one cubic foot .. 5 0 Apparel and slops, and all articles made up, wholly or in part, from fabrics of wool, cotton, linen, or mixed materials, boots and shoes, hosiery and gloves, hats, caps, and bonnets, saddles, harness, and leatherware, per cubic foot, measuring outside the package, or for any package less than one cubic foot.. ..4 0 Vinegar, per gal. ..0 6 Oats and barley, per bushel .0 3 Manufactures of silk, or of mixed materials of which the greater part is silk, woollen 10 blankets and rugs, musical instruments, carriages, glass and glassware, chinaware, and porcelain, furniture, toys and turnery, woodenware, brushware, and wickerware, earthenware, oilmen's stores net otherwise enumerated. Export duty on gold- 1s. per oz. troy for 1865, 6d. per oz. for 1866, and at the end of that year to be abolished. PUBLIC COMPANIES. The half-yearly meeting of the proprietors of the Bank of Victoria was held on the 7th inst, at the head office, Collins-street. The Hon. H. Miller, M. L.C., chairman of the board of directors, presided. The report showed that the net profits for the half year ending the 31st December last, after providing for bad and doubtful debts, were £37,203 17s, 10d., and there was a balance of undivided profits on the 30th of June amounting to £7,200 5s., making the total profits available £44,404 2s. 10d. The direc- tors recommended that a dividend of twelve and a half per cent, should be declared, being of opinion that this increased rate was justified by the profits made during the half- year. The sum which would be ab- sorbed by the proposed dividend was £31,250 ; and of the remainder, it was recommended that £6,000 should be carried to the bank premises credit account; leaving a balance of £8,154 2s. 10d. as a balance of undivided profits. The reserve fund, it appeared, was £100,000. The report was adopted, on the motion of Dr. Farrage, seconded by the Hon. W. Hull, M.L.C. ; and thanks were accorded to the ditectors for their services during the half-year. This concluded the business. The dividend will be payable in London on the receipt of advices. At the half-yearly meeting of the share- holders of the Australasian Fire and Life In- surance Company, held on the same day, at the Mechanics' Institute, a statement was submitted showing net profite for the six months ending the 31st of December last of £31,888 7s. 4d., and for the year of £58,268 15s. 1d. A dividend at the rate of ten per cent, per annum was declared, and a sum of £25,000 was appropriated for the purpose of capitalizing 10s. per share on the 50,000 fire and marine insurance shares held in the com pany. This still left an amount of £4,328 to be placed to the credit of profit and loss. The report was adopted, and a vote of thanks passed to the chairman and directors. The half-yearly meeting of the Colonial Insurance Company waa also held on the 7th inst. After a stormy discussion of nearly three hours' duration, the shareholders de- cided to refer back the balance-sheet and report to the auditors, the shareholders being dissatisfied with the manner in which the accounts were stated. A special general meeting it was resolved should be held in six weeks from the above date, to receive the amended report. The directors of the Southern Insurance Company, a marine insurance company established in Melbourne in September last, presented their first report and balance-sheet to the shareholders at a meeting held on February 6th. The profit up to the 31st De- cember was shown to be £8,734 19d. 1d., the premiums received up to that date being £14,863 8s. 4d. The directors proposed to transfer £6,000 of the profit towards a reserve fund, and allow the balance to remain to the credit of profit-and-loss account. The report was unanimously adopted. The directors were re-elected, and their remuneration was fixed at £1,000 per annum. A proposal has been issued to form a com- pany for the purpose of constructing a graving-dock on the south side of the River Yarra, and a meeting in support of it was held on the 14th inst. Captain W. H. Smith occupied the chair. After a careful perusal of the plans and engineer's report, it was unanimously resolved to form a company forthwith ; for which purpose a sub com- mittee was appointed to confer with the com- pany's solicitor, with a view to preparing the necessary deed of association. The capital of this company, which is to be called the "Yarra Graving Dock Company (limited)," is moderate, being only £7,000, nearly half of which was subscribed on the spot. At a special meeting of the committee of the Australian Lloyd's Society, held on the 21st inst. (the Hon. S. G. Henty, vice-presi- dent, in the chair), the surveyor's report of the barque Glenshee, Geo. Macallister, master, and owned by Mr. J. Paterson, of Melbourne, was submitted and considered. The vessel having undergone a thorough repair, her con- dition was reported to be in all respects satis- factory. The owner had also complied en- tirely with the requirements of the society's rules. It was thereupon resolved that the Glenshee should be classed and entered in the register-book of the society, with the character "A" for six years, dating from the expiry of her former classification. A certificate of cha- racter was issued accordingly. This is the first vessel classed by the Australian Lloyd's. SALE OF STATION PROPERTIES Since the departure of the last mail, the following sales of station properties have been effected:-The Binduck Btation, on the Murrumbidgee River, with 1,000 cattle, and the brand given in, to Messrs. Severne, for the sum of £17,600. The Yarra Wonga sta- tion, in the Benalla district, with 1,700 cattle and 17,000 sheep, to Mr. John Rutherford, at a satisfactory price. Mr. Hervey's Tonge- omingy and Bindi stations, in the Omeo district, with the stock thereon, to Mr. W. Degraves, at the usual terms. The I Y U station, with 4,180 acres purchased land, 900 cattle, and thirty-five horses; also the Tallaboon station, 10,000 acres, 1,000 pigs, 600 cattle, and 140 horses, at prices satisfactory to the owners. The Great Annes stations, in the Kennedy district of Queensland, with 3,000 head of cattle, for £15,000; and to Messrs. Wood Brothers and Kirk, the Lalbert station, in the Avoca district, together with 13,000 sheep, 640 acres purchased land, horses, and working plant, at a satisfactory price ; also, the Talla- rook station, on the Goulburn, together with 12,000 sheep, to Messrs. M'Kenzie, for the sum of £13,565, no purchased land or buildings, these being retained by tbe owner, Mr. Brooke ; and the Longlands station, on the Glenelg River, with 640 acres of purchased land and 13,151 sheep, at a satisfactory price, on the usual terms. Mr. J. Docker has become the purchaser of Mr. David Reid's Hermitage property, Mr. D. Reid being about to take the management of his brother, Mr. R. Reid's, property, at Moorwatha; and Mr. S. Bowler has negotiated the purchase of Tullandoon from Mr. A. C. Kidd. BANK RETURNS. The returns of the average liabilities and assets for the fourth quarter of the year 1864 of the nine banks give the following aggre- gate averages; Notes in circulation .. £1,306,809 Dills in circulation. 85,892 Balances due to other banks. ... .. .. .. . 74,008 Deposits not bearing interest - .. .. 3,430,302 D0., bearing interest... .. .. .. .4,538,149 Total liabilities.. ... .. .. . .9,435,162 Coin .. .. .. .... .. .1,382,152 Bullion. .. ... .. .. . .. 469,438 Landed property .. .. . 511,638 Notes and bills of other banks .. .. 160,506 Balances due from other banks .. .. 262,609 Government securities.. .. .. .. . 93,424 Debts due to the banks .. .. . .. 10,553,590 Total assets... .. .. .. 13,433,409 Capital paid up ... .. .. 7,618,969 Amount of last dividend ..... .. 456,669 Reserved profits.. .. .. . .1,594,805 Comparing the aggregates averages of the nine banks last quarter with those of the preceding one, we find an increase of notes in circulation of £31,695; a decrease of bills in circulation of £15,599, and of deposits not bealing interest to the amount of £164,133; an increase of deposits bearing interest, £379,000, and of total liabilities, £323,848 ; a decrease of coin, £88,497 ; an increase of bullion, £34,258, of landed property, £14,757, of Government securities, £7,789, of debts due to the banks, £219,947, of total assets, £67,994, and of capital paid up, £265,180 ; a decrease- in amount of last dividends equal to £44,041, and an increase of reserved profits equal to £185,275. For the purpose of affording further com- parison, we give in the following table the aggregate averages of the nine banks quarterly for two years past : Notes in circulation Bills do. Deposits, not bearing in- terest Do., bearing interest Total liabilities .. Coin Bullion Landed property.. Government securities Debts due to banks Total assets Paid-up capital Amount of last dividend Reserved profits 1st Quarter, 1803. £ 1,432,803 76,144 4,065,875 3,838,777 9,563,482 1,772,833 407,616 511,310 86,017 0,743,056 12,800,153 6,075,958 405,185 1,405,250 2nd Quarter, 1863. £ 1,372,876 68,087 8,736,623 3,794,677 0,128,240 1,604,353 371,544 496,614 62,233 0,033,096 12,924,377 6,742,623 432,712 1,427,515 4th Quarter, . 1863. £ 1,360,239 87,019 ' 3,472,954 3,873,812 8,887,093 1,237,602 534,171 508,132 86,701 10,440,468 13,202,317 6,827,0 .-5 402,200 1,401,005 1st Quarter, 1864. £ 1.402,033 85,900 3,838,103 3,850,845 9,262,036 1,337,781 444,324 605,143 81,804 10,018,101 12,026,132 7,122,000 402,200 1,420,073 2nd Quarter, 1864. £ 1,846,051 102,681 3,760,025 3,900,631 9,204,217 1,103,891 479,556 601,526 80,000 10,054,433 13,028,931 7,377,420 482,700 1,436,459 3rd Quarter, 1864. £ 1,275,114 101,491 3,591,435 4,109,149 9,161,314 1,170,649 435,185 490,931 85,635 10,333,613 13,305,415 7,353,780 500,700 1,409,530 4th Quarter, 1864. £ 1,306,809 86,892 3,430,302 4,588,149 9,485,162 1,382,162 469,438 611.683 93,424 10,653,590 13,413,409 7,118,960 4.16,669 1,691,805 THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET Messrs Baillie and Butters report of the transactions in the stock and share market for the last month - " Our monthly review of the stock and share market for January indicated a large and satisfactory business for the ensuing month, and our expectations have been fully realized for since the mania of 1859 and 1860 there has not been so much business trans acted in any one month in our market than has passed through our books during the last four weeks. Money has been abundant, both for investment and speculation Debentures, bank, insurance, gas and other stocks have all had a fair share of support, and the transactions in some of them have been very heavy indeed. Allusions were made in our last to the amalgamation of the Hobson's Bay and Melbourne Railway Companies, which is progressing favourably ; also the Otago Harbour Loan of £50,000, and the General Government eight per cent loan of £200,000. The former has been partially completed, while the latter has not found so much favour as was anticipated, and negotiations which were then pending fell to the ground. There have been no other financial operations of any great importance brought forward since then. A bill has, however, been laid before Parliament, for au- thorising the sale of the Brighton Railway, for the sum of about £100,000, to be paid in debentures having thirty years to run, and bearing five per cent interest This line will no doubt fall into the general amalgama- tion of suburban railway interests, so that one com- pany will manage the whole. The result will doubt- less be beneficial to all parties concerned. The meeting has been held of the shareholders of the Bank of Victoria, when a very satisfactory balance sheet was submitted, and the usual dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per annum was declared, and also a bonus of 1¼ per cent for the half year, making the dividend £1 11s. 3d for the half year, or at the rate of 12½ per cent per annum. The Australasian Fire and Marine Insurance Company also held their meeting, and presented their usual satisfactory statement, showing the net profits for the half year to be £31,888, the gross receipts being £75 518. A dividend at the rate of ten per cent per annum was declared, and the sum of £.25,000, equal to 10s per share, capitalized. Their life branch has also made very good progress, their premiums for nine months amounting to £3,158. The Southern Insurance Company, which started under such favourable auspices, has given a sub- stantial proof of the support it has received, by show ing receipts for four months of £15,730, and a net profit of £8,734 The Collingwood Gas Company have declared their usual dividend at the rate of twelve per cent per annum. The Bendigo Gas Company have paid a dividend at the rate of ten per cent per annum. The Colonial Insurance Companys sheet has been less satisfactory to shareholders, and shows a loss if £3,239 on the half-year's business. No dividend was paid, and the fire branch of the business has since been disposed of to another company. Humours are also afloat of negotiations pending for the purchnse of the remaining portion of the business. The Bendigo Waterworks Company, after all expenses and interest on bonds, show a profit of £663, which has been held over for the present, their prospects are improving There is some prospect of a resuscitation of the Minmi Colliery Company, or rather of the purchase of the old company's interest by a new one, and re- lieving, the shareholders of the old company of all responsibility The Melbourne Exchange Company has paid a dividend at the rate of six per cent per annum, and the Geelong Gas Company at the rate of ten per cent per annum, and carried £345 to the credit of profit and loss. The position of our mining affairs is at present most satisfactory ; the yield of gold from all the mines which are in full operation is very gratifying to shareholders. Large and regular dividends are being paid and such is the confidence at present existing, that new companies are almost of daily formation. New quartz reefs are dally being discovered, and deep alluvial leads are being found in many places where hitherto the plough has been the only implement at work. Ballarat, however, still holds the palm, and is likely to do so for many years to come, for the working of her rich alluvial deposits appears to be only in its infancy. Our quartz-reefs are almost innumerable ; the new districts in Gipps- Land are evidently the depositories of untold wealth. On the Black River a reef has lately been discovered which is so rich that bulldogs and firearms have been resorted to as a protection from intruders. Indeed, our mining interest altogether promises to be in a few years the most important interest in the colony, and will absorb an enormous amount of English as well as colonial capital Debentures. -Considerable business has been done by us in Victoria Government debentures, six per cents, at £105½, Otago Provin- cial Government debentures, eight per cents., at £100. A few Collingwood Gas eight per cents, have changed hands at £101, and in others there have been no sales. Banks -Colonial have been steadily ad vancing to £8 10s , at which they have been dealt in, and are now firm. National have also been improving, they have advanced from £5 8s to £512s 6d, at which they are now difficult to obtain. New South Wales are steady at £40, but there has not been much business in them Victoria we placed at £40 cum dividend, and subsequently at £40 ex dividend, at which rule there are still sellers, with buyers at £39 Gas Companies -Ballarat are seldom offered in the market. Bendigo have changed hands at £4. Castle- maine are paying off a loan, and have few supporters. Collingwood and Fitzroy have receded somewhat from last month's prices, sellers at £6 15s. ex divi- dend, with buyers at £6 10s to £6 12s 6d. Geelong are steady at £4, and Melbourne have varied very little. Sales at £4 6s cum dividend, to £4 1s 6d ex dividend ; they are now firm at £4 2s. 6d. In- surance -Australasian Fire and Marine have been freely dealt in at 90s cum dividend, 90s ex- dividend, and 89s., at which they close firm, with few sellers. Australasian Life have been moving at 10s 6d to 11s ; a very large number have changed hands at advanced rates, 11s 6d , 12s, and 12s 6d having been paid, at which rate they are now obtain- able but not under. Alliance have been dull at about 10s 6d , but are expected to improve shortly ; very few of them have changed hands. Colonial have re ceeded to 11s and 11s 6d , at which there are sellers ; buyers offer 10s, 6d/ Southern went up from 32s 6d. to 35s., and many thousands changed hands, they have again receded a little, and have been dealt in at 33s 6d and 33s. Victoria Life and General and Victoria Fire and Marine have not been dealt in, but both would find support if offered at present buying rates Miscellaneous - Hobson's Bay Hallway are seldom dealt in, being chiefly held for permanent investment ; £62 to £63 is about the market rate Bendigo Waterworks are in better favour, and would be taken at 21s., but there are no sellers under 25s to 30s. There has been scarcely any business in any other stocks under this head, but something may be expected front the Minmi Colliery shortly. Quartz Mines -Agamemnon are somewhat firmer lately, in consequence of their getting a new reef. Age of Progress have declined, from lack of water, and there being pressing sellers in the market, they have rallied a little lately, and find buyers at £37 ; sellers at £40. All Nations have also been heavy, and may now be quoted £20, at which there are a few buyers. Ajax have been rather unfortunate lately ; what with poor yields and want of water, they have been severely tried, but hold their own well, and will doubtless soon recover ; sales at 30s. and 31s. Bee- hive have been doing well, and are firm at £8. Bird Reef are in some little favour after a period of depression. Caithness Reef is improving a little. Catherine Reef, Keith's, are also firmer. Ca- therine Reef United have got their new and powerful machinery all ready for work, the shares have ad- vanced to 13s., and are now firm at 12s. 6d. ; large sales have been made at the intermediate prices. Comet, Bendigo, has had a great many admirers, and rose to 19s., in consequence of the new reef found in the claim ; they have receded to 15s., but a reaction is expected shortly. Eaglehawk Union are the turn firmer. Fear-Not United, Daylesford, are at low water; latest sales, £30 ; two years ago they were worth £400. Grand Junction, Maldon, are still doing well, and in good favour ; sales at 17s. 6d. to 18s. 6d. for 15s. paid, and 24s. for 20s. paid. Hercules are taking their old position in the market, and getting good re- turns ; a now reef has been struck showing good gold. Hustler's Reef are very well held for a claim paying no dividend ; the faith of the shareholders is strong; 21s. to 21s. 6d. offered. Johnson's Reef have had a slice of luck in discovering a rich vein of quartz ; shares have risen from 8s. to 21s., and are firm at 80s., with numerous sales at intermediate rates. Loch Fyne are rather easier. Loch Fyne and Fern-tree have had a sudden rise in consequence of their late yield of thirteen ounces per ton ; there are buyers at £11. Nelson Reef promise business at advanced rates ; latest sales, 11s. New Chum are not quite so firm, the yields are small, and a portion of the workings being flooded with water. St. Arnaud Silver are about 5s. per share. Sandy Creek, Poverty Reef, find some sup- port, at very low prices. Specimen-hill, Daylesford, are in great demand, and some enormous dividends are being paid ; last fortnight it was £85 per share. Star and Tyson's reefs have both improved, And are held for 6s. 6d. Victoria Reef are likely to improve ; the Hercules Reef is close to their boundary. Edward's Reef, Wood's Point, are dull ; there has been some acci- dent to the machinery, which has interfered with the yield of gold, a can of oil having been upset in the stamper-boxes. A few of the leading reefs in the Wood's Point and Crooked River district have been dealt in, but there are hundreds of others which are scarcely known in Melbourne. The more prominent are the Pioneer, Jeff. Davis, Good Hope, New Ame- rica, Uncle Tom, Collingwood, Malvern-hill, Prince of Wales, Globe, Victoria, Britannia, Bose and Sham- rock, and Union Jack, Jungle Creek, besides nu- merous others of which we as yet know almost nothing. The Pioneer will commence crushing in the first week of March, and the yield from the first 500 tons, which are now at grass, is expected to be ten ounces per ton. Alluvial Mines.-Albion are very steady at £10 to £20. Alston and Weardale have re- ceded to £17. Avoca are steady at £18. Bonshaw are the turn firmer. Buninyong have been dull for some time, but we have had business lately at £30. Chryseis we have sold at £58 and £60. Cosmopolitan at £13. Essex have had a sudden rise from £60 to £120, and are firm at that rate, Golden River are steady at £14. Great Estate are firm. Great North- west are much inquired for, and have risen from £20 to £50 premium ; but still shares are scarce. Great Extended, Blanket-flat, after a period of dulness, are again on the move, £30 and £35 having been paid. Great Extended, Redan, are steady at £30. Koh-i-noor havo receded a little, but have been largely dealt in at £50 to £51. Leviathan are a little, higher, £21 being offered. Nelson are moving at £21 10s. Newton are dull. Prince Alfred have had a sudden jump to £45. Royal Saxon are easier ; £15 offered. Royal Standard, which fell from £250 to £60, are again on the move upwards, £100 offered. Scarsdale Great Extended expect soon to be in the gutter ; shares are at £40. Sons of Freedom are getting heavy gold, and shares are high. St. George United have been a trump card lately ; large sales have been made between £25 and £100 ; they have receded to £80. Band of Hope continue to yield well, and shares are steady at £125 to £130. United Red Jacket are higher ; £18 10s. has been paid. Waterleo are again advancing ; £18 asked, and not many offered. Wendouree are firmer, and White Star have gone up considerably. There has as yet been nothing done to prove the ground adjacent to Melbourne, as the Government have not planted the leases; but as these are daily expected, there will be plenty of mining in the vicinity of Mel- bourne in a very short time." WOOL, TALLOW, AND HIDES. Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co. furnish the following monthly report: " Wool.-At the date of our last monthly summary the season was virtually brought to a termination, nearly the whole of the clip being on board ship. Since then the quantity coming forward has been very limited, only two auction sales having been held, at which a total of 1,591 bales were submitted to public competition. The late news from England of the un- favourable progression and termination of the Novem- ber and December series of sales in London has had a depressing effect on the market, as was apparent at our sale held on the 15th instant, when prices ruled at a reduction on previous rates of from ½d. to ¾d. per pound. Quotations during the season have evidently been too high to allow of a margain for profit; still, it is not generally antici- pated that operations will on the whole have been conducted at a loss, as the early clip, being in ex- cellent condition, would doubtless command fair rates at the March sales. At this period last year we ventured to predict that the export of wool from Vic- toria would, during the season of 1864-5, reach the large aggregate of 150,000 bales. We based our cal- culations, not only on the natural increase of stock in the colony, but also on the anticipated greater aug- mentation that would be derived from the opening of railway communication with the interior. We ex- pressed a belief that the extension of the Government railways to Echuca, on the River Murray, would effec- tually and permanently secure to Melbourne nearly the whole of the trade of the vast Inland Riverine dis- tricts, as the settlers would have the advantage of speedy and cheap transit to the metropolitan market of the colonies, and we felt assured that such induce- ments would readily be made available. It has now, however, become our unpleasant duty to state that the injudicious policy of our Government has not only checked any befefit the colony might have derived from this important accession to its com- merce, but has also, as it were, destroyed the very sources of revenue from which the principal support of the railways would in a few years hence have been derived. We allude to the Border Customs question, and the heavy duties now enforced by the neighbour ing colony of New South Wales on all goods imported from Victoria. A glance at the map of Australia will show that from our geographical position in relation to the south-western portion of that colony, we must, under ordinary circumstances, command its trade, and such was the case to a great extent, even long before the railways were con- structed. This would have continued to the present date, and we should gradually have obtained the business, not only of the district referred to, but of a large proportion of the interior of the continent, had our Government shown any disposition towards an assimilation of tariffs. As it is, however, the inhabitants of Riverina are compelled to change their agencies, and make arrangements with the merchants of South Australia, who, by a liberal free trade policy, and amicable arrangement, of the new tariff, are enabled to offer goods at such low rates as to place competition from this colony out of the question. There being no return freight obtain- able at Echuca. In consequence of the heavy duties enforced, the steamers refuse to convey wool there unless at excessively high rates, and it is consequently carried down stream to South Australian ports, from whence it is shipped direct to London. From the Darling River alone fully 10,000 bales, which would probably have been consigned to Melbourne, have in this manner been placed on board ship, and we estimate that our export of wool this season has been diminished to the extent of nearly 15,000 bales. When, in addition to this, we consider the vast field for business enterprise that is at present lost to our mercantile population, it would be evident that the speedy settlement of the dispute is a matter of considerable importance to the commercial in- terests of the colony, and we trust the rumours which are now current of an amicable adjustment being in progress are correct. The protectionist policy of the Government, as evidenced in the recent now tariff, will unfortunately tend to further complicate matters, but doubtless this will be modified to a considerable extent when its evil effects become more apparent. January 26, 1865- Wave of Life, from Melbourne, for London, 2,714 bales ; January 26-Queen of the Colonies, from Mel- bourne, for London, 6,133 do. ; January 28-Pride of the Ocean, from Melbourne, for London, 4,382 do. ; Feb. 4-London, from Melbourne for London, 2,032 do. ; Feb. 13-Red Rover, from Melbourne for Lon- don, 2,802 do. ; Feb. 23-True Briton, from Melbourne for London, 1,006 do. ; total, 18,069 ; previous ship- ments, 100,778 ; total, Oct. 25, 1864, to date, 118,847. Prices current-Greasy, Inferior to ordinary, 7d. to 9d. ordinary to average, 9d. to 10d. ; good to superior, 11d. to 1s. 1d. ; do. do. (cross bred), 1s; 1d. to 1s. 2d. Fleece-Inferior to ordinary, 1s. 3d. to 1s. 5d. ; ordi- nary to average, 1s. 5d. to 1s. 7d. ; good to superior, 1s. 9d. to 2s. 1d. Scoured-Ordinary, 1s. 4d. to 1s. 7d. ; good, 1s. 8d. to 1s. 10d. ; superior, 2s. to 2s. 2d. Hides.-Prices remain about samo as quoted last month, viz.-inferior to ordinary, 7s. to 8s. 6d. ; average to good, 9s. 6d. to 10s. 6d. ; and superior heavies, in shipping condition, 12s. to 13s. each. The only clearance reported during the month has been a lot of about 5,500 per Wave of Life, for London. Tallow.-During the past few days there has been an improved inquiry for colonial consump- tion, and prices have advanced about £1 per ton. Our present quotations are-Beef, £27 to £30 ; mixed, £30 to £33 ; and mutton, £32 to £36 per ton. Clearances have been :-Jan. 20-Wave of Life, 132 casks ; Feb. 4-London, 50 casks; Feb. 13-Red Rover, 568 casks; Feb. 22-True Briton, 30 casks ; total, 786 casks." Messrs. J. H. Clough and Co. furnish the following report for transmission by R.M. s.s. Madras : " Wool.-Since the Bombay left, on the 20th ult., there have been only two sales of wool by public auction, when about 15,000 bales were catalogued, and about 700 found buyers at fair rates. The un- usually early close of the wool season this year has limited the number of auction sales during the season, and in accordance with our usual custom our more recent sales have been confined to private contract, in which way we have placed about 1000 bales during the month at generally satisfactory prices. The wool now coming forward consists principally of rem- nants of larger clips which have already passed the hammer, or consignments from the Far North, upon which the principal fall has taken place since the recently-received London advices. The latter class of wool is generally neglected in consequence. A review of the season, and a reference to the earlier reports Established by us, will show that our anticipations have turned out to be correct with regard to the European markets, and the effect produced hereby the rates ruling at home. Those of our constituents who have followed our advice and sold in this market may be congratulated upon having done so, as they have realised higher prices than they would have done had they shipped direct to Europe, The shipments which have taken place during the month have been as follow :-Week ending January 21, 3,789,386 lb., value £282,771 ; January 28, 1,385,561 lb., value £100,292 ; February 4, 617,354 lb., value £41,661; February 11, 150,115 lb., value £13,801 -. February 18, 443,267 lb., value £33,210 ; total, 8,304,0231b., value £471,735. Add previous ship ments from October 10, 1864, to January 14, 1865, 17,575,711 lb., value £1,330,506 : total, 23,970,334 lb. value £1,802,241. The following ships have cleared tor England since our last summary:-January 26-Queen of the Colonies (including extra clearance), 6,101 bales ; January 20-Wave of Life, 2,714 do. ; January 27-Pride of the Ocean, 4,412 do. ; February 4-London, 2,032 do ; February 13- Red Rover, 2,802 do.-17,124 bales. Add previous shipments from 10th October, 1864, 102,875 bales. Total, 119,999 bales. Tallow.-A considerably brisker demand for local consumption has shown itself in this market, and former rates are fully maintained. For beef and mixed, we may quote from £27 10s. to £32 ; and for mutton, from £32 10s. to £35 per ton. The following have been the shipments of the month :-Wave of Life, 132 casks : London, 50 casks ; and Red Rover, 583 casks ; total, 750 casks. Hides.-There has been a fair amount of business transacted during the month, and former rates are easily obtainable. The only shipment since our last has been 5,211 hides and 355 calfskins, por Wave of Life. Sheepskins.-As the season advances sheepskins become more valuable, and are more eagerly sought after by fellmongers. We have sold several heavy lots privately during the month, at rates varying from 5d. to 10d. per pound ; but in the latter case the skins were in unusually good condition." IMPORTS AND EXPORTS. The following table gives the imports and exports since the commencement of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1864: Week ending Imports. 1864. Exports 1864. Jan. 7 Jan. 14 Jan. 21 Jan. 28 Feb. 4 Feb. 11 Feb. l8 £ 395,417 397,094 313,858 329,898 256,739 510,608 397,694 242,376 303,547 279,812 146,967 234,683 329,310 217,019 £ 145,343 242,394 166,278 443,861 285,603 137,266 242,394 £ 269,007 167,653 406,736 524,143 123,939 101,133 103,309 2,506,308 1,753,714 1,663,139 1,695,920 Curing the first period the account stood thus : Imports £2,506,308 Exports .1,663,189 Balance of imports over exports Dnring the second period : Imports Exports £843,169 £1,753,714 1,695,920 £57,794 Balance of imports over exports STOCKS IN BOND. The subjoined return shows the stocks in bond at Melbourne on the 20th inst.: Brandy, 7,666 hhds. 71,760 cases ; rum, 1,013½ hhds. 1,112 cases; geneva, 32 hhds., 111,857 red cases, 2,801 green cases ; whiskey, 1,154 hhds. 31,942 cases ; gin, sweetened, 80½ hhds., 15,810 cases ; cordials, 2,043 cases ; spirits of wine, 127 hhds.; other spirits, 81 hhds. 19,282 cases ; wine, 4,301½ hhds. 22,646cases; colonial spirits, 1.671 hhds. and casks 31 cases; beer, 2,612 hhds. 3,880 cases and casks; tobacco, manufactured, 1,297 half- tierces, 2,333 quarter tierces and kegs, 11,337 throe-quarter boxes and boxes, 6,293 cases : total, 3,194,7451b. ; do., unmanufactured, 165 hhds. and casks, 117 cases, 2,936 bales : total. 466,995 lb.; cigars, 528¼ cases : total, 65,162lb, ; snuff, 35 pack ages; tea, 19,930 chests, 48,461 half-chests, 40,212 boxes; coffee, 5,069 bags, 5 tierces, 455 casks, 449 barrels : total. 1,053 090lb.; molasses, 62hhds.; sugar, Mauritius, 39,624 bags; Java, 3,870 bags; other, 73,154 bags, 22 casks and cases ; chicory, 780 packages ; opium, pre- pared, 192 packages (9,211lb.); do., unprepared, 81 packages (4,4831b.) ; dried fruits, 11,857 packages; hops, 1233 pockets; rice, 50,950 bags ; malt, 4,033 bags. Under the New Tariff.-Goods Warehoused 22nd January to 20th February-Bottled fruits, 348 cases ; candles, 2,024 boxes ; cocoa, 10 cases ; choco- late 10 cases ; preserved fish, 201 cases ; sad- dlery, 26 cases ; leather, 5 cases ; mustard, 78 cases; furniture, 34 cases; musical instru- ments, 3 cases ; drapery, 29 cases ; woollens, 12 bales ; jams, 80 hhd., 817 cases, 12 quarter casks and tubs ; cheese, 20 cases ; vinegar, 115 casks, 25 casks ; hams and bacon, 18 tierces, 55 cases : confectionery, 58 cases: soap, 200 boxes, 4 hhd. ; oilmen's stores, 34 cases ; earthenwate and glass, 33 packages ; jewellery, 1 case ; oil, 118 cases : pickles, 100 cases ; salt, 40 cases. Home Consumption 22nd January to 20th February -Candles, 359 boxes ; preserved fish, 52 cases ; saddlery, 1 case ; drapery, 24 cases ; woollens. 2 bales ; cheese. 20 cases ; vinegar, 100 casks ; hams and bacon, 18 tierces, 45 cases ; oil, 100 cases ; pickles, 100 cases ; salt, 10 cases. Expor- tation 22nd January to 20th February Candles, 400 boxes : musical instruments, 2 cases ; woollens, 1 bale ; hams and bacon, 10 cases. Stock in Bond, 20th February Bottled fruits, 348 cases ; candles, 1,265 boxes ; cocoa, 10 cases ; chocolate, 10 cases ; preserved fish, 149 cases ; saddlery, 25 cases ; leather, 5 cases ; mustard, 78 cases ; furniture, 34 cases ; musical instruments, 1 case ; drapery, 5 cases ; woollens, 9 bales ; jams, 30 hhd., 817 cases, 12 quarter-casks and tubs ; vinegar, 10 casks: confectionery, 58 cases : soap, 200 boxes, 4 hhd. ; oilmen's stores, 34 cases ; earthenware and glass, 33 packages; jewellery, 1 case; oil, 18 cases. IMMIGRATION. The returns of the Immigration Depart- ment for the month of December, 1864, have been published. The arrivals at all ports of the colony numbered 2,573, the departures 1,743, showing an excess of the former over the latter of 830. Of the arrivals, 1,700 were adult males, 618 adult females, 131 male and 97 female chil- dren, and 27 infants. The intercolonial migration shows a balance in favour of the colony of 404. The following is a digest of the returns : 51 New South Wales .. South and Western Aus- tralia . Tasmania (the departures, as given in the Govern, ment returns, are exclu- sive of those for Laun ceston). New Zealand, South Seas, and Queensland.. Total neighbouring colo nies United Kingdom .. Foreign ports Total Deduct decrease.. Net increase 830 NOTES TROM THE SEA. The Sydney Morning Herald of February 1 records the following :-" In yesterday's publi- cation mention was made of the steamer Star of Australia, with two punts in tow, being long overdue at Rockhampton, when, strange to relate, at ten a.m. one of the punts was safely in port, having been fallen in with by the schooner Storm Bird, eighty miles from these heads, while on her passage from Taranaki to Newcastle. The following are the particulars of this truly fortunate escape : -The Star of Australia sailed from this port on the 9th inst., for Rockhampton, having in tow two punts for the use of the dredge. Each punt had three men in her, and were connected by strong warps, and veered astern of the steamer. They had not been at sea many hours (the wind blowing fresh from E.S.E.) when both punts broke adrift, but the following morning they were a second time secured to the steamer. The 13 th and 14th inst. it was nearly a calm, but towards the evening of the latter date a heavy gale from S.W. set In, and at two a.m. on the 15th, both punts again broke adrift from the steamer. Owing to the high see and strong gale, she was un- able to render any assistance, but remained in close proximity until the 16th, and during that night the two punts got adrift from each other ; end when day broke on the 17th, the steamer and one of the punts had disap- peared. The one that remained had on board four men, one of whom, named W. Day, was in charge ; but, of course, without instru- ments of any kind, her position could not be ascertained, and they drifted about until picked up by the Storm Bird on the morning of the 30th ult. Fortunately, they had provi- sions and water on board, or a still more horrible fate would have threatened them. Day is of opinion that when they finally parted company they must have been about 100 miles to the northward of Moreton Bay. The Star of Australia is the property of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company, and is insured in the Pacific office for £6,000 ; the punts are also insured for £1,500 each." Nothing bas since been heard of the Star of Australia, and she is now given up for lost. The agents for the missing ship J.E.H., Messrs. Woodville, Jarrett, and Co., have handed to us correct lists of her passengers and crew. The former is as follows :-Cabin. -Miss Lever. Miss Bartropp. Mr. H. O. Walker, Mr. F. Boase, Mr. J. Motherwell, Mrs. Kerfoot and two children, Dr. Starling. Steerage.-G. Smallwood, R. Sutherland, G. Church, J. Martin, Mrs. Dickenson, Alex. Gray, Mrs. Gray, and four children ; G. Zin- tanovitch, J. Thompson, J. Young, J. Gomez, S. J. Santos, Mrs. Santos, and four children; Miss Gomez, Miss E. Barnes, Geo. Dowson, John Wilson, Joseph Jackson, Mrs. Joseph Jackson, J. G. Schwelmfurth, W. Holland. The following ia the crew lists-William Alfred Abbott, master ; James Graham, chief officer ; Wm. Woodman, second officer : J. W. Wright, purser ; John Greene, M. Teddimaine, Jos. Davies, John Thompson. Henry Wilson, S. Beadham, Wm. Robertson, John Heawick, Samuel Morrison, O. Grachum, T. Wallace, C. Benshaw, Wm. Smith, Albert Souch, Alex. Mason, Hans Clannon, L. S. Clinch, Wm. Booker, M. Gregory, and two others, names unknown. The coasting steamer Trio, reported in our last summary as wrecked at the entrance to the Gipps Land Lakes, was subsequently dis- covered to have merely run aeround, and to have sustained little or no injury. She is now again plying between this port and Sale. SHIPS TO ARRIVE. Ship. Agincourt.. Agra Arabian Astoria Chatsworth Cheviot .. Dunalkier Eichie Eliza Blanch Ellen Florence Nightin- gale General Michaels.. Gironde Jas. Montgomery. John and Mary .. Kiltran Kooria Mooria .. Lady Melville .. Maria Diederika .. Norman Ocean Eagle Ohio Princess Professor van der Boon Mesch Rowena .. Sabrina . Sophia K. der Nederlanden Stranger Suffolk Summer Cloud Tell Teviotdale Transatlantic Vanguard Wellesley Ton- nage. Where From. Calcutta Deal Holyhead Sundswall, via Cork., Deal Glasgow Shanghai Valparaiso Colombo Hong Kong Liverpool Rotterdam Charente Boston Shanghai Bordeaux Gravesend Gravesend Rotterdam .. Port Louis New York Gravesend Deal Rotterdam (Cher bourg, Nov.26, for repairs) Deal Foo Chow Rotterdam, ) passed Deal, New York Gravesend Leith Foo Chow Liverpool Deal Liverpool Gravesend Date of Sailing. Nov. 2. Dec, 15. Dec. 8. March 23 Dec. 10. Dec. 2. Nov. Aug. Jan. 15. Dec. 29. Dec. 0. July 10. Nov. 1. Nov. Nov. Nov. 15. Oct. 11. Dec, 16. . Oct. 22. Oct. 25. Nov. 2. June 7. Oct. 15. Dec. 10. Oct. 21. Oct, 2. Nov. 10. Dec. 23. Dec. 20. Nov. 6 Aug. 11 Dec, 10. Dec. 9. Nov. 7. EXPORTS From the Port of Melbourne from the 18th. January to the 17th February, 1865, com- pared with the corresponding period of 1864. Agricultural im- plements Alkali-Soda, tons Apparel and slops Arms and ammu- nition Asphalte, tons Bags and sacks Bark, tons Beer Bottled, gals, Draught, do. .. Biscuit, tons Black sand, do .. Blankets and wool- lens Bones, tons Boat, No. Books Boots and shoes. Bran, bushels . Bricks, No. Brush« aro Building materials Butter, tons Candles, do. Canvas Carriages, carts, &c.; Carpeting.. Casks, empty Cement .. Cheese, tons Chicory Chinan are Coals, tons Cocoa and choco- late, lb. Coffee Confectionery Copper Copper oro Cordage, tons . Corks Cottons Cutlery Drapery Drugs DnJsrgisU' ware. Earthenware Eegs .. . Fancy goods Fish Salted, tons . Preserved Flour, tons Fruit Dried .. Green, bushels Furniture Glass Bottles.. Window . Glassware.. Gold, ounces Grain Beans aud peas,! hush... Malt, do. Maize, do. Oats, do. Wheat, bushels Rice .. Grindery .. Haberdashery Hardware and ironmongery .. Hair, cwt. Hats and caps .. Hay, tons.. Hides, No. Hollow are Hops Horns and hoofs Hosiery Indiarubber goods Instruments Musical .. Scientific Iron and steel, tons] Jewellery Lead,tons Leather, do. Leatherware Lime, bushels Linen Live stock Horses. No. Pigs, do. Sheep, do. Machinery Matches and vestas Mats and rugs .. Meal, oat, tons Metal, yellow, do, Millinery., Molasses .. Nails and screws, tons Nets Nuts Oars Oil, gals... Oilcloth .. Oilmen's stores Onions, tona Opium .. Paints Paintings and en- gravings Paperhangings Perfumery Photographic goods Pitch and tar Pipes, tobacco .. Plants and seeds.. Plate and plated ware Plumbers' ware Potatoes, tons Preserves.. Printing materials Provisions Preserved Salted, tons .. Quicksilver Rags, tons Kesin Saddlery Sago, lb. Salt, tons Shipchandlery Silks Skins Slates, No.. Soap, tons Specie, gold Specimens of Na- tural History Spelter, tons Spices Spirits Brandy Cordials Gin Of wine.. Perfumed Rum .. Whiskey Undescribed Starch and blue Stationery Steel, tons Stoneware Sugar Tallow, tons Tea Tents and paulins.. Timber .. Tin.. Tinware .. Tobacco Cigars Tobacconists' ware) Snuff Tools and utensils] Toys and turnery Turpentine and) varnish, gals Twine, cwt. Vinegar, gals. Watches & clocks Wine Woodenware Wool, lb. .. Zinc tons.. Undescribed goods 2,614 680 4,940 9,036 2,727 2,685 2,401 3,320 1,505 609 3,053 2,850| 1,159 200 5,620 1,035 1,871| 548,335 4,140 1,130 1,170 8,748 145 180 4,850 60 842 1,819 I8,310 400 12,960 4,0271 1,077; 1,1001 Quantities. 1865. £ 288 245 4,091 912 2,327 2,191 2,314 1,344 2,911 100 774 1,042 547 135 77 1,310 589 23 1,133 181 327 91 22,157 68 10,644 1,7314 102 975 465 485,606 30 304 1,044 4,207 8,617 300 50 6,389 2,263 75 4,741 100 600 1,664 163 3,477 444 127 600 337 9,523 22,725 5,000 30,000 7,598 20,297 16,310 179 11,007 120,984 13,195 176 120 25,055 tar 1,502 47,555 4,286 1,713 1.080 34 2,247 136 234 5,919 4,103 11,576 140 2,259 378 258 18,203 2,663 97 25 2,322 190 240 225 121 1,168 510 424 81,844 5,716 3 2,548 18 233 446 299 294 21 1,236 162 79 10,609 3,280 14,216 180 2,276 136 17,547 7,517 135 735 213 49,494 12,000 50 22 316 5,619 459 205,242 438,035 183 158 2.484 2,165 46,610 Printed and published by HUGH GEORGE, at THE ARGUS Office, Collins-street, Melbourne, for WILSON and MACKINNON, proprietors 