TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES, from our own correspondent. VICTORIA. ft I Melbourne, Wednesday. I I promised you to prut your* Jail aftair in train to- be brought before the House. Your member, Mr Kerferd, will give notice, to-night, for the production of all the papers- and.- correspondence-con nected ■with the investigation and its causes, I have- reason to believe- that my information for - you' on the- subject was perfectly correct. Mr Kerfertf in tends, als^o, asking as to some .previous charges that had been made* against Mr' Castieau,..and whether that gentleman was reprimanded by the Chief Secretary on account of those charges if* so, by whose evidence were the charges sup ported, and on what, grounds was- the reprimand made: T hear that Sir Smith, also -feels very strongly on' the same- subject; in. fact,, your members are beginning to be talked about- as much, for the manner, in which they work'into each others' hands; as for* the acknowledged ability of both* ' The" question of the1 tacking-on of the Tariff to the Estimates', before being remitted to the Legislative Council', is the great topic of the day both as re gards the "press and the public- The British Constitution has been thoroughly overhauled, and any quantity of notes made of'ft. So many allusions' have Been made to' the' House of* Lords, and so numerous have been the comparisons Between it and the Legislative Council, that ■- several of our M.L.C.-'s already comport themselves with an extra de gree: of- dignity (if - su'ch is" possible,)' and look as";if they were ready to* march-- to a colonial Runnymede, to-morrow, either to assert their own' liberties or deprive somebody else-of theirs. Asto Mr Graunt your information wherever you got it was correct. He has been orcfered'to take charge'ofBeech worth forthwith, andr left town by coach yesterday:- He -takes Beechworthy Yack andandah, and Stanley,. Sir Carey' going to Chiltern and" Biutherglen^ Mr Bar nard-goes- to Woods- Points I ba- ve> not been •eble't'o learn anything concerning Judge Cope's leave, nor as to contem plated reductions in your staff of officials', hut will enquire further, as to latter- pro bability. ' ' Captain McMahon has been spoken: of as not unlikely to go to- Sydney,, to reform the Police system. The inhabitants" of Echuca, Denili quin,.and Eiverina generally, have been holding meetings, passing' resolutions, &c.;, &c.;, for the purpose of getting- the Border Customs abolished, but as yet all their indignation-and all their-" efforts have been in- vain. Wizard Jacobs is- astonishing the Bight seers of Melbourne,, who throng.' to witness his performances at the Theatre Eoyal, by the ease with which he slips from the strongest cords, no-matter how securely fastened, and thus exposing the imposture by means of which the Davenport Brothers- so' completely' hoaxed the Cockneys; The other por tions of his entertainment are- equally marvellous. . Mr^O'Neil, the Irish' comedian; takes his benefit, which is- likely to- be- a bumper, at the Haymarket, to-night, i He'appears as CBryari, in- '' The Irish Emigrant.' The Christy Minstrels also' take • part in- the eveningls-. entertain ment. . . From all parts of the country the* great cry is for rain. Saxby and all-the other weather deities have- been- in voked, but still it comes not.- Bush fires continue very general. 