TRAVELLING STOCK. TO TUB EBITOB OI ZHB AXTBTEAIiASIAH. Sir,—I desire to direct your attention to a matter winch affects the public welfare. Farties travelling with ahecp to the Mel bourne market complain bitterly of the utter selfishness displayed by tome squatters along the main roads of the colony, in interfering with the pasture which is intended for the use of trowelling stock. It appears that now the greater portion of the runs, especially in the Western district, are fenced in, tearing merely a road three chains wide. At intervals there are reserres of about 640 acres, where trarelling sheep are supposed to find pasture, and camp during the night. But it is alleged that such reserves are kept eaten down by the flocks of neighbouring squatters; that when a flock of fet sheep come to them to obtain pasture and camp for the night they are found occupied, and thus those in charge of the travelling sheep get little grass for them and no peace; and, further, it is alleged that certain district road boards can do with such reserves whatever they please, end thus can and do give permission, for a consideration, to adjoining squatters to put their ahecp upon them. : If these allegations are correct, they point to a state of things which ought not to erist. Bat more than this, it is said that some squatters are in the habit of burning off the grass along the tliroe-cliain roads, merely to prevent their own pastures from being consumed by hush Sres—if there liappens to be a bush-fire on Brown's run on the one side of the public thoroughfare, there is no danger of its mossing to the ran of Jones if all the grass on the three-chain roed has been -carefully destroyed. This may be squatting philosophy, but it in dicates great sdGshnies, and more, for every squatter has stock to send to market, and if ail were to act so foolishly, all will feel the in jury. . Ibere must be on end put to snob aetate of things. Sheep cannot be brought to. market in anything like oondition without a proper allowance of food, and if they are, through the shortsighted policy of squatters or road boards, to have nothing but air and water to live upon, they cannot be brought to market at ell, The consumers of mutton most feel the effects of such sriflishiicss—not so much in the want of mutton, as in the high prioe, and the poverty and toughness of the artiole. * Having thus directed your attention to on evil of far greats? importance thou it may appear to some to possess, l.hopo that it will be lost sight of by yourself and others, more sensible and lets selfish policy is pot tx till a adopted. I am, Sir, yours to order, • AJsTEGRASPALL. 