SPIRIT OF THE PRESS. PASTORAL LABOURERS. (ffcOKTH* ttOCS.) Wearetoo much fa the habit of ne glecting the wants and improvement of our huah population. Out of tight they wp out of mind, too;. and whileevery reprice of townspeople is a oaten ol study and debate, we can scarcely be aaid to be even .acquainted with the evils ; which sffisrtsoseriously the well- being: and social condition of three who may; be called the eg netting wotting class. How great ihoee sails are, we are reminded by Mr. Gideon Lang, in his recent address to the Deniliquin Mechanics* Institute, a society, the pro gress of which we hail with satisfaction i as the harbinger of a better ere in the bush. Every ofte Who has travelled much in .the bush must have observed the! miserably unsocial relations which exist, in too many cases, between the squatter and hie men, the thoroughly demoralised condition of the class known as "station " hands." living in blank solitude, or herdeil together in huts, without wives or families, spending their existence in dreary idleness, or sagged in hardening pursuits, and far from the influence- of civilisation, religious services, or instruc tion, these men, in any case, are too much- in danger of degenerating into semi-barbarism. Their own improvidence frequently completes their debasement. Every few months of this savage kind of life it is their regular custom to leave service, and hasten to the nearest hush pubbchouse, to spend every penny of their wages in drink. At all timaq 0f the year, the traveller can observe about these bush shanties a number of wild, miserable looking men, either fiercely excited or helplessly prostrated by drink. When their score is nobbleriaed out, they are quickly warned off the place, perhaps cheated as well as brutal ized, and with empty pockets the dis pirited outcasts tramp off to seek by a few^ months' more work the 0f their next cheerless debauch. But, un less in shearing time, it being no easy matter to get new employment, the misery these men often suffer in tutfh'ng it is extreme, and, however owing to their own improvidence, cannot be contem plated without concern. Their difficul ties are greatly increased by a still more debased class than themselves, the class of mere loafers, who live entirely by a system of forced benevolences levied on the squatters. These men spend the whole year in lounging along from station to station, claiming at each the night's lodging and a daily supply of food, robbing wherever it is safe, and often perpetrating the most atrocious outrages in revenge for denial of hospi tality. Some of the most calamitous bush-fires owe their origin to these outlaws. Providing the wanderers of both classes with supplies has proved such a serious burden that many sauatters refuse to receive any wayfarers" at all, and thus the station lmnd, returning from his carouse, though really wanting work, is often reduced to the brink of starvation before he finds it Mr. Lang says that at one time he found the ex pense of supplying the tramps so great, I being over £500 a-year, that he re solved to turn them all off for the' fMure. However, the very firstj men who came broke down bis resolu tion. Idle or not idle, criminal or meri torious, starvation was marked in every line "of their haggard" faces. He took them in, gave them employment, and i afterwards learned that they reallv were 1 [ stattoh-men oiitof work, that they had travelled over 500 miles seeking it, and that before they came to him they had been living a week upon marsh-mallows. Yr'liat makes the recklessness of bush work - men tire more deplorable is, that they all have It in their power, by the exercise of ordinary prudence, to make them selves independent Their wages are J good; and, unlike employee in settled districts, they can save nearly every penny if they choose. A shepherd can get £50 a-year; £40 of this he could easily put by, and thus, after a very few years steady service, would have the means of starting himself in some rural industry. If marriage became more general among bush men, they would have greater in ducements to steady conduct, and their everyday* liie would not be of that cheer less hopelees kind which drives them to Seek short respites in periodical seasons of intoxication. The voices of children and the welcome of a wife would de prive^ the loneliest out-station of its' dreariness. Nor would the exigencies Of Station work be so incompatible with married life as is sometimes pretended; Certainly not, at least, for that consider able .portion of the year during which the position of the huts can be fixed. No prudential 'motives need re strain msrrisge in the bush, for toy employer would willinely pro vide for the increase of rations to secure the permanent eervice of trustworthy inen. Mr. Land's suggestion of cheap push libraries, to supply light and useful padraK'is well Worthy of the squatters' attention. it is one of those vew'eim jrle means which can be easily employed, ♦nd/which/msy pfbduce tht best re Vults. The shepherd, loitering about jdey, after Jus Hoiks, is likely to be a vnudh better man if he Jf* « newwwr or entertaining book by bim/raanif he is left to. work himself cranky on 'his own vacant thoughts. IFor toe Sum of £7,'' ssys Mr. Lang, 7 the eniploygt oould purchase 100 * volumes, ahd tbs library obuM after ? ***3# be -kept up tot a couple of ' i**™8 toyeto Many squatters have " amSf libraries on their idatitos j' I i have bid' one for twsht" ^greaBy td the benefit .of " tod# I '■ WKeve, much to , profit, for my experience has " that: reading men do 'not t ** * W« hope that thfc" T-JCtod In run to ♦Ws edf-fattereat ahouM prAnfi 'fc im^Ove, whit th'n Sililnaii frniiMiwl^nriidiflBa'f ' "'andthfeir increase Of . w towta^'mide,Hthe tod'oaiWliKr •titoMd'fol'ihe' IBBSfl? fcer.toOj'tot; we}l as its.rights, atui'MSdfctillH 'iJI ' " ' " instnuBeataitfl squatters! nihow" these truthe,«4 jfcfrow '#»■" interest Kith * their example Wi0JM)t}>elait opoefi trtdiKnu •' ■■•". . „ * s 