DAILY ISSUE. SATURDAY, lira NOVEMBER, 1865. IT is matter for congratulation that the ex periences gained during the itinerations of the Twenty Acre License Commission Lave been serviceable in inducing' certain influen tial and practical officers connected with the departments of Lands and Mines to address the Legislature through the Board of Land and Works on a subject of the most pressing necessity-one not surpassed in national im portance. We refer to the report on the advisableness of establishing state-forests, laid before the Legislative Assembly on Tues evening. Long before the officers of the Twenty Acre License Commission gave the suggestion the force of its recommendation, this .journal accepted its full share of the responsibility which devolves upon tho press to urge upon governmental acceptance mea sures which it is believed will be conducive not only to our political but to our social well-being. Very particularly and persist , ently have we advocated the necessity of the State undertaking the conservation of forest lands, and the planting of treeless tracts for purposes which involve a wide circle of require ments of the highest national importance, even including the permanence of our Btaple indus- j tl I'es and the ultimate habitableness of the tem/-ory itself. We feel some satisfaation in knowin v .^at our representations have been influential JO iaduciZZ many private'persons, landowners, to seC about of re-oloth ing* with timber tracts, which hwo een denuded of their original covering, p. aQt'nf> bare or unpromising spots that only needed iu." assisting hand of man to convert, to usefulness, and in a variety of unobtrusive ways doing much towards the amelioration of local climate, which always follows upon even the 1 smallest attempts at arboriculture. We care not to examine at present how much our counsels have influenced the departments which have latterly interested themselves in advocating- the conservation and planting of forests, but are content to welcome the earnest and comprehensive recommendations of the report which if adopted in a liberal spirit, will constitute a measure oi which any government might feel proud. Other countries, not excluding the United States of America, have for years past been engaged in repairing the thoughtless ravages of past times, and bringing into profitable use large tracts of land which art can redeem from all but utter barrenness. Experience in all countries is rife, with examples of the evil results at tendant upon the destruction of the- natural clothing of the earth, and the wonderful cli matic and other benefits conferred upon regious where pains have been taken either to compensate for the natural absence of timber or to replace it after its accidental or inten tional destruction. The report points out that even " in this colony we can see how important umbrageous forests on lofty ranges are in the general economy of nature, when We contrast these dense forests with the imperfectly wooded districts. In the height of summer, when the sun and the winds have diied the soil ot the lower lands, and withered the herbage ou the plains, we have only to travel fifty or sixty miles to the heavily wooded mountains to find perennial streams of water, vast trees, delicious shade, and, where the fern tree attains its greatest dimensions, complete protection from the sun's rays. In such places evaporation is at the minimum, and the foliage of the lofty trees condenses mois ture even when the air on the lower lands is relatively dry." The writers remark that we should endeavor to preserve these conditions, 3nd show that "if the forests are properly managed there will be abundance of timber for the supply of the mines. All the overgrown trees will be removed, and other valuable trees planted in the va cant spaces." There is at least one circum stance to make us hopeful that the report will meet with acceptance within a reasonable pe riod, and that is, that certain extensive forest-reserves have already been proclaimed, and means adopted for theirstrictconservation. The state-forest of Ballaratis a thing accom plished, if a governmental fiat is worth any thing, and we presume that the Executive Council will, on the recommendation of the President of the Board of Lands and Survey, proclaim similar reserves in the vicinity of other gold-producing regions, without the necessity of referring the whole measure for the immediate deliberation of the Legislative Assembly. As we have shown, apart from the mere necessity of keeping up the supply of timber for mining purposes, the urgency of the measure on climatic and social grounds cannot be overrated, and it should not be de layed. Having in view the peculiar interest with which the subject is at present invested by the alarming recurrence of drought, the Bendigo Advertiser remarks :-" Meteorolo gists in vain make out to their own satisfac tion by a system of averages and generalising, that climate does not and cannot alter; popu lar opinion is against them, and popular opinion founded upon experience and suffering is generally right. It is certainly generally held here that the climate of Bendigo has greatly changed since the days of 1852, and that the cause of the change is to be found in the destruction of the immense forests of timber which covered the whole of the dis trict to the hill tops in the old times." With our contemporary just quoted we agree in establishing a marked distinction between growing timber for manufacturing uses or for inducing amelioration of climate, and growing timber for fuel purposes, the writers of the report " possibly restrained by official and departmental etiquette forbear to notice the iact that the reason why the enormous destruction of timber for fuel only which is going on, and must go on at Sand \ hurst and at JBallarat, and in the Castlemaine I district, might be checked if the charge for carriage of coal by the railways were not ex cessive and absolutely prohibitory. The commissioners might have suggested, but have not, the expediency of revising the rail way tariff, under which, coal now pays 4d per ton per mile. At a reduced rate of carriage, coal with its vastly greater heating powers, would be as economical as wood, or more so. This matter has been evaded by the commissioners, as was very natural; but it is to be hoped that it will in time attract the attention of Parliament. To grow valuable timber trees for fuel would be a preposterous misapplication of the public money in a coun try where coal oaght- to be obtainable at a price as cheap as wood) all things considered, if the railway officials only understood their business. It is for them to show that less than 4d per ton per mile would not leave the railway a fair profit." The writers of the report themselves admit that as the timber in | forests adjacent to mining districts is at pre sent dealt with, more is wasted than is used, and that enormous destruction is caused by the prodigal use of what is yet to be found in some abundance. It has been ascer tained that the wasteful manner in which wood-carters at present conduct their opera tions and the increase of dead timber by in judicious removal of the bark, form two severe provocatives to the frequency and ex tent of bush-fires. It has been recommended that persons should not be allowed to settle within forest-reserves, and it will probably be found equally necessary not only to put sundry restrictions upon timber- felling in future, but to discourage as much as possible the use of timber as fuel by bringing the fossil material more within the reach and means of consumers. " It is certain," (re marks the report), " that if steps be not taken to enforce a more economical use of native timber and to conserve the forests, there will soon be a difficulty in getting timber for the uses of the miner in any of the forests adjacent to the gold-workings." Other portions of the report deal with the kinds of trees which it would be well to plant, in the various descriptions of soil and at different elevations, with judicious sugges tions as to the means to be adopted for the preservation of plantations during the earlier years uf their existence. The report suggests that the best course would be to vest the proposed reserves in trustees who would from time to time advise the Board of Land and Works as to the rules and regulations expe , dient for the board to adopt and confirm under the powers conferred on the board by the 67 th section of the Amending Land Act I of 1865. These officers would also corres pond with foreign governments and arrange i for the exchange of seeds and plants; pre pare and promulgate rules for the guidance of woodmen; and generally exercise immediate control over state-forests and the exnanrii ture of the funds derived from the Bale of timber therein. That we do not overrate the vast importance of the proposed measure in its ultimate as weil as. in its immediate re sults, is very happily illustrated in the fol lowing passage from the writings of the Portuguese author Senhor Jose Bonifacio d'Andrade: Without wood, that humidity necessary for other plants Ejid for animals cannot exist, and the land becomes arid and naked. Without dews and shower a, epfings dry up, and rivers lack their natural sup plies, The want of woods apd water 19 doubtless the cause of the agues and maligusnt fevers so pre ~«ilcpt on the exposed and scorched fields of Portu ' I ^itljput woods and fhickets, what is to absorb tlie'nCBtilenu"1 °;the feD8? What will!Pre:ld ly our dvera' sides the'?t *!?.».«? W will imbibe the Tapers arising from tbo sea, from rivers, Bnd from lakes, which, in part dissolved and supported in the atmosphere, fall in rain, and in part decomposed in gases, purify the air, and support animal respiration? What will absorb the carbonic I gas which animals respire, and release the oxygen 1 which invigorates the blood nnd supports liie ? If canals for irrigation and navigation cause agriculture and commerce to flourish, they cannot exist without rivers, neither rivers without sprioga, nor springs without rains and dews; these in their turn, have their origin in humidity; and humidity in woods; it being notorious that a tree ten years old distils 30 lb of water daily, which is carried off in the atmos phere around, while34 square festal exposed ground loBes 30 lb of water in the eame space of time. With out humidity there can be no pastures, without pas tures no cattle, without cattle no agriculture. Trees make land fertile and delightful, nnd produce wealth; the want of them causes sterility, bleakness, ami poverty. In fine, without an abundance of wood and plantations throughout the country, in vain may the Government pretend to encourage mining, manufac tures, navigation, agriculture, or any other source of employment to social and civilised man. 