VIOTORIA. Anvione Fon LiexL.-The aetion , for libel brought .by: Mr. George Urqubart, squatter, -against Msser. Wilson and 'Msackinnon, the proprietors of. the Asrgtsin which £10,000 damages were claimed, terminated on 3rd ip mtantiafter a three days' triaL The jury,' who ware in deliberation for about two hours and throe-quarters, found a verdict for the plaintiff on the first three counts, with 40s damage, and a verdict for defendants on the three re maining 'counts, so that Mr. Urquhart has virtually lost the case. The libels complained of in the three first counts were extracts from a pamphlet entitled, " The History of a So vere Misfortune, by an Unfortunate," which was a reprint of some articles which had pre. viously appeared in the Riverine herald, and was printed at the defendants' job printing office. With reference to these counts, the defendants did not plead any justification, but stated that the pamphlet had been published without their knowledge, in the ordinary way of trade, and in the belief that it had no per sonal referonce. When their attention was drawn to it, they offered to make a public apology, and give up the name of the gentle. man who gave them the order to print the pamphlet. The alleged libels set forth in the other three counts related to a flock of sheep, said to be scabby, whichi Mr. Urquhart had driven over the northern parts of the colony, infecitag a number of the stations with the disnase. A bench of Magistrates fined him £1235, which he paid by cheques. These were dishonored, Mr. Urquhart alleging that they were given merely as security, and that he would prosecute an appeal against the fine. The fees were not enforced by the Govern. mont, and were after some delay remitted altogether. The defendants commented on the allhir in three articles published in the Argune. To those counts the defendanits pleaded "justification," and thnoresult of the verdict was to establish and support that plea. 'After the verdict was given, plaintifls coun eal-asked thie judge-Mr. Justice Williams to certify for costs, bhit his Honor refused to do so. Mr. Ireland, Q.O., Mr. Billing, Air. Wood, and Mr. G. 'P. Smith wore counsel for plaintiff; Mr. Dawson, Mr. Follows, and Mr. Harris for the defendants. The Age under stands it is the intention of Mr. Urgahart to move for a now trial of the issues contained in the 4th, 5th, and tth counts. The proposed now tariff continues to excite much attention. Almost for the first time the free traders have got a hearing in Melbourne. A publie meeting to oppose the none tariff was called by the newlyestablished " Free-trade and Financial Reform League," and took pluc on 3rd instant, at the Exhibition-building, Melbourne. The vast area of the ground floor and the long galleries were densely crowded, and it was plain at the commence. {meet that public feeling was very strongly excited. The chair was taken by Mr. Georget Iarker, MIL.A. for Collingwood. It. was stated that £5000 had been subscribed to the league in two days, ned over 20,000 signa. torus appanded to the petition to the Legis. Iutive Council to 'disagree With the proposed new tariff. Sievral resolutions against' the' tariff were all but undibiiMesly'paased. The I meeting, perbaps the largest.over hold within walls in Melbourne, separated in good order. On the night of the 28th ultimo, a man named John Stacey murdered a little boy named Daniel Gleeson or Macdonald, aged two years and nine months, by throwing him into a privy. The child's screams were heard by a neighbor, who went to see what was the matter, and on going into the privy saw the foot of the child in the night soil. He at once pulled the child out, but life was ex- tinct. It would seem that Stacey, who had been cohabiting with the child's mother, had a quarrel with her, and in his passion took up the child, and murdered him in the horri- ble manner described. The bush-fires on Monday, 27th ulto., have devastated the country in all directions. From almost every district necounts have been received of terrible desttuction of pro. perty from this cause. Some settlers on the outskirts of large stations have been great sufferers, and many families are left not only houseless, but almost destitute. The quantity of water consumed in Mel. bourne and the suburbs every twenty.four hours is 9,750,000 gallons, being at the rate of ninety gallons per boad per diem, or a larger consumption per head than takes place in any other city of the world, save Rome, Now York, and Marseilles.-Argue. The sentence of death passed upon the on. fortunate young woman Vary Malone, at the last Criminal Sittings, for the murder of her infant'child, has been commuted by the exe cutive Council to that of ten years' imprison ment. A woman named Elliott fell down a abaft at Epsom diggings, fifty-four feet in depth, on Satnrday. last. There was four feet of water in the hole, and she escaped with only a severe out on the knee, from a 'bucket' which was at the bottom. The ship Eli Whitney, the name of which has so often appeared of late in the reports of ahe Supreme Court, has been sold by auction for £700, for the purpose, we believe, of being broken up for firewood.-Argue, 3rd inst. The. Melbourne Autumn Races are to take place on Friday and Saturday next, March '10 and 11. A'A most extraordinary accident is reported 'in' the Oastlemsine Daily News. About two weeks ago, as a man accompanied by a child was in a cart driving along the Bendigo road, the cart wheel sinking into a ball rut, the living freight was suddenly precipitated into the road. The child recovered his feet com paratively unhurt; but the man, not so for tunate, had fallen immediately in front of one of the wheels, which had passed on to his head, and had then become locked in a stump. The child tried to move the horae either way, but could not; and next finding it impossible to lift the wheel, actuallyswalked two' miles before assistance could' bo 'found. Some men immediately hurried to the scene, .ind there found the poor man with his head still under.the cart wheel. The wheol was lifted forthwith, and the man extricated from his most extraordinary and perilous position, apparently unhurt. A medical man shortly after Cxamitled the skull, and pronounced it to be unfractured ; he, however, prognosticated that it was most probable important internal injuries would 0oon nake themselves appa rent. Sure enough, albhough moving about, the man alluded to has complained ever since of his head,; and his brain, there is too much reason to fear. has received lasting injury. In the Assoelbly, on 2nd instant, Mr. Verclon stated that no definite reply had' yet barn received to Ilis application to the Home Uovernment for a block-ship for the harbor, but he had boon given to understand that the Admiralty were disposed to favorably 'con sador this request. We have seen an ingenious and simple in- vention just patented by Mr. Frith, photo- grapher, of Collins-street. It merely consists of a slide, with exact register rests, in four positions at right angles, to take four different views of the face on one plate. It appears to be a great improvement on the complicated slides and hooks adopted for the same purpose in England, and not possibly liable to the same clogging and mistakes of wrong hook- ing. It also posesses the great advantage of being easily attached to any camera. 