LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. A notice has been served on the Treasurer of the Shire and the Manager of the Bank of Victoria, attaching tbe Shire funds now in the Bank until the matters in dispute are settled. This notice was signed by eleven of the Councillors and Mr J. H. Gawith as President, and was intended to pre vent the Moonambel members using the Shire funds to defend the position they have taken up, as Cr. Lowe is said to have threatened they would do. On Sunday evening last, a roan named Denis Sheehan assaulted, with the intent to commit a more serious offence, a little girl, about nine years of age, the daughter of a man named Giles, residing near the Deep Lead. It appears that the little girl was on a visit at the house of a Mrs Cooke, a neigh bour, and was left in charge of the house, together with an infant, during the temporary absence of the parents. She was sitting inside, nursing the baby, when Sheehan walked in, took the child from her arms, and prepared for his vile purpose, when ap proaching footsteps furnished a moment's hesitation, during which the little girl escaped. The passers by happened to be a Mr and Miss Rose, who noticed the child's strange flight, but made no in quiries. We are sorry to add that Sheehtn got away, and although the police have made an active search, he is still at large. The serious consequences resulting from tamper ing with the secrecy of the ballot, was brought pro minently before the Ararat Police Court on Friday last, in the case of Shawv. Walker. The case excited the most intense interest amongst tbe inha bitants of Ararat, as the defendant, Thomas Walker, ib the Mayor of the borough. The charge was laid under the 100th section of the Municipal Institutions Act, which, if proved, left but one course open to the bench — namely, to commit the offender to be tried for a misdemeanor at the Cir cuit Court or Court of General Sessions. The evi dence adduced showed that at a conversation which was held in the Council Club Hotel, Melbourne, between members of rival deputations sent from Ararat to support and oppose an application for a grant for building a town hall, and at which one or both of the members for Ararat were present, the subject turned on the late municipal election, and the Mayor, speaking of Shaw, stated that this voter had promised to.vote for him ; but, being suspicious of the promise so made, he had observed the manner in which Shaw erased the names from the ballot paper, and particularly noticed the manner in which he folded the same. The Mayor also told those present that at the close of the election he took out the paper, which he knew by its peculiar fold, and found that Shaw had voted for a William O'Cal laghan, and ' blackened the faces of all the rest.' The Town Clerk produced the sealed bundle of bal lot-papers, and on being ordered by the magistrate to open it produced the paper in question. It was found that Shaw had scratched out all the names except that of W. O'Callaghan and James D. Smith. The bench regarded the case as sufficiently clear to 6ent it before a jury, and his worship was committed for trial to the next Ararat Circuit Court, to be holden on the 7th February. He was admitted to bail in his own recognizance of £100, and two sureties of £60 each. Tbe appointment of C. Warburton Carr, Esq., P.M., as Returning Officer for the Maryborough Mining District is gazetted. The Shire of Avoca haviDg been subdivided into Ridings, the following are the polling places ap pointed in last Tuesday's Gatcttt ! — South Riding, Avoca ; North Riding, Moonambel J West Riding, Landsborough. Through pressure on our space, we are Com pelled reluctantly to hold over Mr Todd's letter. Bush-fires are of almost daily occurrence on the run of Messrs Roberson and Son (Mount Mitchell), and several of the farmers adjoining the run have had a very narrow escape from being utterly ruined } and as there is no doubt that it is the work of in cendiaries, we understand that the Messrs Robert son have offered a reward of £50 to any party giving information that will lead to the arrest of the perpetrators. We are requested to call attention to the sale by auction this day, by Mr Lovelock, at his Avoca Sale Yards, at two o'clock, of the shop and dwelling now in the occupation of Mr Peter KiDg, baker, vide advertisement. 