WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1865. The Revenue Statements for the past year, published in last night's Govern- ment Gazette, have the peculiarity at- taching to them that they anticipate on this occasion the financial address which is generally their precursor. Tlie figures for the entire year's transactions are allowed to present themselves una- dorned by the Treasury eloquence which customarily smooths their way to public acceptance. In adopting this course, Mr. Verdon displays the bold- ness which might be anticipated to arise out of the apparently secure posi- tion of the Ministry in the new Parlia- ment. We should be loth to shake his confidence by any premature criti- cism, and shall therefore content our- selves for the present with taking a merely general survey of the field of figures he has opened up to us. The fact most prominently presenting itself is, a difference on the wrong side of the revenue accounts, in a com- parison of tlie receipts of the year with Mr. Verdon's estimates. The latter amounted to ¿£2,973,000, the former to a fraction over ¿2,847,295, leaving an apparent deficiency of about £125,705. This is a slightly larger sum than we anti- cipated would have been shown when the statements of the last quarter lay before us. The quarter ending tho last day of the year has not, however, fully borne out the promise of its predecessor. The former Bhowed a considerable increase as compared with the similar quarter of the preceding year; the quarter just ended displays, on the contrary, a de- crease, upon the same comparison being instituted. The revenue of the last quarter of 1863 reached the sum of £860,898; that of 1864 amounts to £766,979, exhibiting a decrease of £93,919. This concluding declension is, however, more than compensated for by previous advantages ; and this year, as a whole, compared with the preceding year, has the advantage, The revenue receipts of 1863 were £2,722,299, those of 1864 have been £2,851,712, indicating a balance in favour of the later year of £129,413 ; notwithstanding which fact, the revenue receipts fall short of Mr, Verdon's expectations by the sum already named. The largest item of deficiency is, of course, tho land revenue, from which the Treasurer computed to receive £849,200, but which has brought in only £773,891. At the same time, this latter sum is £68,098 more than was obtained from the same source last year ; and therefore Mr. Verdon, while,-doubtless, proposing to lay the greater portion of the burden of de- ficiency upon this item, and to congra- tulate himself and the country upon the fact, can hardly in fairness claim great credit for simply having placed his pro- babilities of revenue derivable from the sale of land at such an elevation that it was practically out of reach. The next item in which there is a heavy falling off in the comparison be- tween Mr. Verdon's expectations and results ia one over which he had no control, and wherein ib is matter for regret that his too sanguine anticipa- tions have not been justified by facts. We allude to the income derived from our railways, Mr. Verdon's estimate of the revenue to accrue from this source amounted to £520,000 ; the sum obtained is £480,332, showing a deficiency of £39,668, Here again, however, there are "materials for exulta- tion, which may possibly not be for- gotten when the day at length arrives for the Treasurer to unfold himself. The revenue coming in from this source is gradually increasing, though at a slower rate than, considering the recent exten- sions to the railway lines, was to be hoped for. At the end of the previous quarter the railway income showed an increase of about £3,500 compared with that of the similar quarter of 1863 ; the quarter just terminated shows a relative increase of £18,173; and on the entire year the increase, when com- pared with the preceding year, ia £46,716. This is not railway progress it is true, but still something may, doubtless, be made of it in the Bhape of^r national gratulation at' the coming de-^ velopment. We have termed the deficiency of which these form the principal items an apparent one, because we doubt not to see it meit away under the eloquence of the Treasurer. The public have seen much larger suma than this disap- pear like summer clouds under the sun of Williamstown. Even in these days, when curtailed estimates and appro- priation by act of Parliament have made the task of public financier so much easier than it once was, it cannot be expected that a Treasurer should allow himself no margin. We look forward, hopefully, therefore, to seeing Mr. Verdon coming out trium- phant from the approaching ordeal, and proving, by dint of savings and lapsed votes, that his apparent deficiency is in reality a surplus. It is only to be regretted that his opportunity should liave been so long deferred, and that the year 1865 should have opened before its financial prospects had been pour frfty*í*' ,. , ,. The tabular statements which ho before us are very conclusive in one respect. They show clearly that the task Mr. Verdon is popularly under- stood to have taken upon himself in the formation of a new tariff, by lightening or removing the duties upon some of the staple articles of consumption, and abolishing the gold duty, is no light one. The revenue derived from these sources is a large" one, and will ask some replac- ing. During the/past year, our tea drinkers have given us £99,195 ; our consumers of sugar and molasses, ¿92,439 ; and of coffee, £11,042. The export duty on gold has further yielded £115,G97. If Mr. Verdon contem plates sweeping away these imposts, in pursuance of what are accredited him as protective predilections, we shall be anxious to learn by what means he purposes reimbursing the "state. How -will he find a tax more easily collected, more profitable, or more equitable than the gold duty, which can only be re- garded as a rental paid by the miner to the state for the permissive occupation of the land 1-a rental based on the unim- peachable principle which commended it so forcibly to the mind of the darkey,that of " no havee, no payee." - Amid all the outcry which has been raised against this duty, not a tittle of sound reason has been advanced in opposition to it. Yet we believe we are justified in surmising that Mr. Verdon is regarding it with a destructive eye, and would willingly, if we could, make him pause before it is too late. It is easy to abolish sources of revenue-difficult to create them. Even a Gladstone has had occasionally to give way in the latter attempt, which may well, therefore, tax the energies and capacity of a Verdon. The Mail 1 Mail day has come round again, but not the mail. Many have been looking towards the Telegraph Office, eager to descry the accustomed signal, and not a few have returned dis- appointed to their offices, and shops, and places of abode. Always of interest as the arrival of the mail is, it is some- times absorbingly so. We do not say that there have not been periods at which its coming has been of greater moment than at present ; but none can dispute that there are reasons weighty enough to make us wish that the tele- graph may immediately bring us intel- ligence of it. \ The merchant wishes for it. Earnestly ¡ as wo have striven to persuade ourselves Î that the collapse of some English firms, .under the stringency of the money market, will not seriously affect us, if at all, it is impossible to stille the-desire to receivo the latest news. We may be fated to learn that there are more in- terests involved in the insolvencies which have actually occurred than we at first suspected. This uneasy feeling will not be set at rest until we receive our com- mercial intelligence from home. The political horizon has been so dark and threatening at intervals, any time during the last three years at least, that it will not surprise us to learn that fresh complications have arisen, which may in- volve us in a quarrel with the Federal States of America, if not with some European power. "We have become so 'accustomed to the Palmerstonian policy, -that weare never slow to predict that the English Ministry will find a way out of the difficulties in which they from ^'time to time involve themselves. We are always gratified to learn, however, upon |"each arrival of the mail, that there is no [. cause for apprehension that peace will ["be interrupted, and the interests of com- merce imperilled. We cannot but watcha moreover, with feelings far deeper and worthier than those of mere curiosity, the contest raging in North America. There will be an end to it "assuredly. But what will 'bo the issue, and when shall it be seen? Shall we be allowed to rejoice , at any time during 'this new year that wise and peaceful counsels have gained the ascendancy in the Federal 1 Cabinet, and that opportunity has been I given for negotiation, with a view to a permanent peace? Wô are sufficiently cosmopolitan in this new country of oura to desire the highest good of both parties in this insane quarrel, and cannot therefore but wish that the mail may bring us news that the two armies have gone into winter quarters, and that com- missioners from both sides have met, to arrango the terms of a permanent peace. The sympathies of individuals with ¡their friends and kindred in Vaterland ¡dispose them to look, if not with impa- tience, yet with deep solicitude, for tidings of those whose weal or woe is Klatter to them of nearly as much im ortance as their own. Who shall cal- culate the pangs which may be inflicted, the anxiety which may be relieved, or the gladness which may be excited, as the letters with which the mail-ship is freighted find their way to those for ffhom they are destined 1 Had we the power, we might sometimes be tempted '» arrest the missives on their way fftich are carrying the news of calamity br death which has befallen friends or relatives left behind. To do this, how fver, would be an act of doubtful kind were itp^issible. In the hope, however, thatj/-;i news will infinitely Jutweigh the tidings of evil to the thou ands of our population who think of 5omo and its social ties, we must wish jiat thero may be no further delay in be arrival of this month's mail We are bound to express our satis ction with the manner in which the mail service has been performed by tlie Peninsular and Oriental Company. If a table were furnished of the dates on which the steamers of the company have been due, and when they have actually arrived, it would be seen that we have good ground for this satisfac- tion. Making reasonable allowances for the uncertainty of the winds, the com- pany's arrangements have secured* for us a regular course of post such as no other mail line could ensure. Our Sydney neighbours seem resolved to commit themselves to the route via Panama. We are induced to wish that they may make the experiment without further delay. Sure we are that, not- withstanding their presumed advantages of geographical position in reference to this route, they will discover that the line via Suez is practically shorter for them, as well as for us. A recent arrival from New Zealand brings us word that the Government of that- colony has concluded a con- tract with the New Zealand and Aus- tralian Boya! Mail Company, almost ia the terms of Mr. Crosbie Ward's con- tract. The Government will not be obliged to continue the contract for more than seven years ; and the course of post between England and Sydney is not to exceed a period of four months, going and returning. So far from being hostile to the route via Panama, we have reason to wish it success. We repeat our conviction, however, that the line via Suez will be found the speediest and the best foi our Sydney neighbours, as well as for our- selves. Nor shall wo be surprised to find that the New Zealand Government have gained nothing by this intended arrangement. Time will show. How much longer shall we have to wait for the fortnightly service which the P. and 0. Company are willing to guarantee to us on such reasonable terms 1 Our connexion with Europe is too intimate and important, and the in- terests of the colony in speedy commu- nication with England are too manifest, to allow us to rest contented with a monthly mail. The fine new clipper ship Ethiopian, be longing to the Aberdeen line, arrived in the bay yesterday afternoon, about three o'clock, bringing seven days' later news from England than tbat received by the last mail. The Ethiopian left London on the let, and Fly mouth on the 3rd of November, and has, therefore, made a splendid passage of sixty eight days at sea. She is commanded by Captain Edward, late of the Moravian. By the Ethiopian wo have received London papers to the 2nd November, our extracts from which will be found elsewhere. Á narrative elsewhere shows that the sailing-master and five men of the steamship Loudon, supposed to have been lost off the island of Trinidada, arrived in Hobson's Bay last" evening, on board the clipper ship John Bunyan. The unfortunate men, it appears* were for thirty two hours in an open boat, when they were rescued by the whaler Henry Taylor, from which they were transferred to the John Bunyan. An investigation will doubtless be held on the matter, if only for tho satisfaction of the public mind. We learn by telegram from Daylesford that the man Young, who was arrested on Monday evening on suspicion of being the murderer of Margaret Graham, waa brought before the magistrates yesterday morning, and remanded for te\en dayB. He was fonnd by the con- stable who arrested him camped in a field at Kingston, near Creswick. When interrogated, he acknowledged all his aliases, and admitted that be knew Margaret Graham, and that he had lived in a tent near her house. The committee of the Protestant Orphan Asylum waited upon the Chief Secretary yes- terday to obtain the co operation of the Go- vernment in an attempt which is being made to abolish the system of apprenticing- the children who leave the institution, as this system is not now working satisfactorily. Captain J. Balfour stated the facts of the case, and asked whether the Government would receive the children into the new industrial schools. This arrangement (he pointed out) might be made reciprocal-the Orphanage taking the younger children who fell into the hands of the Government, and the industrial schools receiving tho children whose pre- liminary education had been concluded. Mr. M'Culloch admitted that the scheme was an excellent one, but he did not think the law would allow of ita being earned out. The act under which the industrial schools were established referred solely to unpiovided children brought up before a magistrate and convicted of vagrancy. He saw no prospect of the act being amended during the present tear. Captain Balfour said that it would be necessary, then, for the conductors of the asylum to extend their scheme of operations, and teach the children useful trades themselves. He asked if the Government would çrant, within a reason- able distance of a railway station, a section of land, upon which agricultural operations, the giowth of vines, &c;, might Decanled on. Even if the existing law were so amended at a future period bb to permit of the proposed transference to the industrial schools, a country station, which would supply the town institution with vegetables, &c;, would be a great convenience. Besides, the pressure upon the'asylum, even now, was so great that new buildings had to be erected in one place or the other. Mr. M'Culloch replied that the Board of Land and Works was the depart- ment directly concerned in the request, hut he had no hesitation in saying that the Go- vernment would accede to it. The second session of the third Assembly of the Church of England was opened yester- day afternoon. The members partook of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, at St Paul's Church, Swanston-street, and after, wards adjonrned to the Mechanics' Institute where the sittings of the Assembly will be held. There waB a numorous attendance both of clerical lay and members. The pro- ceedings yesterday afternoon consisted pria ci ly of the bishop's annual address on the general church affairs of the diocese. On Sunday last the Catholic Bishop of Mel bourne dedicated to St. Patrick, Erin's pa- tron saint, the new church of Lillydale, in the Upper Yarra district The Rev. W. M. Finn, lecal pastor, celebrated mass, and the bishop preached the dedication sermon. The annual meeting of .the seat-holders of St. Andrew's Church, Brighton, for the elec- tion of churchwardens for the year 1865, was held at the schoolhouse on Friday evening last, the Rev. Samuel Taylor in the chair. The retiring churchwardens submitted the accounts for the past year, from which it appeared that the gross income was £810 6a. 7d" and expenditure £786 11s. 10d" leaving a balance of £24 13s. 9d. When all claims were paid, however, there would be a deficiency of £09 l63. 3d., Colonel Mair and Messrs, J. M. Smith and O. Webb were re elected as churchwardens ; and a committee, consisting of McsBrs, Thorpe, Salmon, Bus den, Simp, A. J. Agg, Black, Greville, Byan, and Blown, was formed to advise and co operate with them. The services in connexion with the eleventh anniversary of the North Mtlbsurno We3 leyan Sabbath School were held on Sunday and Monday last. Ou Sunday sermons were preached, morning and evening, by the Bev. Joseph Bare; and in the afternoon the chil- dren were examined in Scripture history, after which prizes weie distributed. On Monday evening the tsacherB and friends of the school partook of tea provided In the schoolroom by the ladies of the congrega- tion. After tea, a public meeting was held in the church. Captain Price, of the steam- ship Great Victoria, presided over the meet- ing, which was addressed by the Bev. Messrs. Watsford, Flockhart, and Ironsides, from South Australia ; the Bev. Jos. Dare, and other friends. Tho half yearly meeting of the shareholder« in the Pheonix Gold-mining (Wood's Point) Company was held yesterday afternoon, at the offices, 63 Flinders street west, Mr. Jno. Whittingham in the chair. The balance sheet to the 81st of December showed the receipts on the gold account to be £80 8s. 4d., and tho expenditure to be £260 18a. Thora was also a balance in hand of £53 10j. 4d. The board of directors was re-elected, and Messrs. Kellett and Dalrymple wore ap- pointed auditors. It was agreed, on the motion of Mr. Wright, that should the opinion of the Government surveyor be favourable to continuing the sinking of the shaft, the board should ba authorized to take a fresh contract for sinking forty feet, and to make such calls as would bo necessary to cover the expense. The meeting then ad- journed. A new tariff of charges for the carriage of goodB on the Victorian Railways is published in the Gazette of last night. The following applications for incorpora- tion under tho Hospitals and Charitable In- stitutions Act have been received by the Chief Secretary, viz. :-Melbourne Hospital, Daylesford Hospital, Castlemaine) Hospital, Castlemaine Benevolent Asylum, Kyneton Hospital, Maryborough Hospital, Kilmore Hospital, Melbourne Lying-in Hospital, Heathcote Hospital, Ballarat District Hos- pital, Dunolly District Hospital, Amherst Hospital. . The committee of the Melbourne Home report as follows for the month ending Dec. 81, 1864:-Registrations.-Governesses, 9; needlewomen, 8 ; servants, 81. Total, 98. Engagements.-Servants, 70. Inmates.-Go- vernesses, 8 ; needlewomen, 8 ; servants, 35. Total, 61. Number in Home, 23. We have received from Mr. A, J. Smith, book- seller, the first part of the Sunday Magazine, edited by Dr. Guthrie. The Lyster Opera Company will probably make their reappearance at the Theatre Boyal after the pantomime. A concert will bo given at the Town-hall, Prahran, this evening, by the St. Kilda Glee and Madrigal Society, for the benefit of their conductor, Mr. Samuel Kaye, who is about to leave the colony for Europe. The members of the society will be assisted on the occasion by several lady amateurs. The Head-quarters Band will play this afternoon, from four till six o'clock, at the south gate, St. Kilda Park. The following is the programme :- Grand march, Tatton ; quadrille, serenade, Balfe ; selection, " Buy Blas," Glover ; overture, " William Tell," Bos elni; valse, Russian, Laurent; selection, "Malino Fallero," Donizetti; polka, "Oar nival," Mellier. A moonlight parade of the St. Kilda Ar- tillery corps will be held this evening, at eight o'clock, the men mustering at their UBual assembly-place, at the corner of Chapel and Argyle streets. An accident, which might havo been of a very seiious nature, occurred yesterday after- noon, in FlinderB-street west. A mare, in- cautiously lett in a dray, bolted from the wharf, and completely overturned the vehicle in the middle of the road, leaving the bottom uppermost, One of the axletrees. was broken, but, although the animal was thrown vio- lently, she escaped without any serious In- jury. An inqueBt was held yesterday by Dr. Youl at the Morgue, upon the body of the man who was found drowned in the river on Saturday last. The body had not been iden- tified. The evidence taken was that of one of the men who saw a man ßink while swimming in the river on the 4th inst., near Jolimont ; of the constable who took posses- sion of the clothes found upon the bank; and of another constable, by whom the body was recovered from the river on Saturday laBt. The jury found that the deceased was found dead and floating in the river; and expressed their opinion that the deceased was the man who was seen to sink in the river on the 4th inst., and that ho was ac- cidentally drowned while bathing. It may be useful to give a brief description of the deceased. He was a man of about twenty Bix years, of fair complexion, about five feet Bix inches in height, with sandy whiskers worn rouüd the chin. His clothes and general appearance were those of a digger, and he is supposed to come from the neigh- bourhood of Malmsbury. The man David Gillespie whose wife was found drowned a fortnight ago, was brought up at the City Court yesterday, and com- mitted for trial on the charge of assaulting her on the day before she was found dead. In reference to some reflections that have passed current since the evidence taken in this case has been published,—to the effect that the inquiry into the ill-treatment which the deceased received from the hands of her husband should have formed part of the proceedings at the inquest upon her body,—it is as well to remark that these comments are at once answered by the fact that when the inquest was held the police had been un- able to get the deceased woman identified. Shortly after the inquest was over she was recognised by a neighbour as Mrs. Gillespie, and the news of her death getting about, several acquaintances came forward and made statements of the ill-usage which she had suffered. Upon these statements police proceedings were instituted against the hus- band. A charge of assault and robbery was yes- terday, at the St. Kilda Police Court, preferred by Peter Cooney, a serving-man, against Florando Fernandez, an East Indian, servant to Mr. Gregory, solicitor. The defendant, who had been arrested on warrant, appeared on bail, and was defended by his master. After the evidence had been heard, the case assumed very small proportions. The parties had been drinking together at a public-house when a quarrel arose, and a challenge was given to fight, which ultimatum, however, did not then take place.' On the way home they met, a scuffle ensued, and the prosecutor, who had lost 2a., a knife, and a handkerchief from his pocket, came off second best, and thereupon gave information to the police. The prose- cutor, it was shown, was the worse for liquor at the time, and as the case was clearly a drunken brawl, and there was no evidence of a robbery, it was dismissed. A summons against a female domestic servant for in- subordination-postponed for hearing-was apparently amicably settled without the in tervention of justice, the complainant having failed to make appearance. At the East Collingwood Police Court, yes teiduy, John Taylor was fined 10s. for wilful damago tg properly, and ordered to pay £8, the amount of the damage which "he had occasioned, and £2 costs. Ko other case of interest occurred. The magistrates ou the bench wore the Hon. J. P. Fawkner and Messrs. W. Thomas and J. B. Halles, The net annual value of all rateable pro- perty wlihin tho borough of Ballarat for the present year Is £98,992 The Albury Banner of Saturday refors as follows to tho recent gold discoveries in that neighbourhood :-" The event which has so long been expected in Albur; appears to be likely to be realized, and in addition to all the attractions of the .district for energy, industry, and enterprise, those of an extensive gold-field will probably in a few days be placed to the account. Already the Black Bange has its COO to 700 persons Interested in the Bearch for gold. The ranges swarm with busy people, the hill-sides re echo the sound of the hammer, and familiar faces are met with from the diggings far and near in both colonies. The shaft put down by the pros- pectors, with the money chiefly advanced hy the Albury Prospecting Association, gives great encouragement in washings of from eighteen to twenty- five pennyweights to the load. Last night, in Robertson's claim, No, 6, a depth had beon reached of ninety five feet, 6very washing showing better pros- pects, and the last at least two grains to the pan, although they did not expect to bottom in lees than ten feet more. In No G claim, eighty-six feet had been reached without touching wash dirt ; and in No, 7, the China- men had sunk ninety-six feet, and from that depth were driving into the hillside, not being on the lead. In No. 8 the party had commenced sinking, and were in good courage. Two or three duffers had been sunk below, coming on rock or boulders at ninety and eighty-five feet, the reBt arc shopherding, waiting tho bottoming of Nos. 6 and 6. A few days will prove the result. At present, payable gold is taken every hour from the prospectors' claim, and great confidence is Mt In those sinking. No more can fairly be said at present. We do not wish to draw anyone to disappointment or failure, but we still have the confidence that we expressed years ago, that Albury is destined to bo a great gold-produoing locality." The Mount Alexander Mail of yesterday BajB that the preliminary magisterial exami- nation of the Italian who is charged with the murder of Margaret Graham at D ii les ford was conducted in private, a circum- stance which has caused considerable indig- nation among the inhabitants, It is gene rally believed that very strong inculpatory evidence has been elicited. By the s.s. Black Swan we have Tasmanian dates to the 9th, and onr files to the 7th inst. The news is of no importance. By the City of Melbourne we have our files from Brisbane to the 3rd inst ; Rock- hampton to the 29th ult. ; and Port Denison, to the 17th ult. A correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser gives the following account of some disastrous bush-fires which havo occurred recently near the Little River :-" One of the most de- structivo bush-fires that ever occurred in this neighbourhood broke out on Wednesday last on the Bulban portion of the Farmers' Com- mon. The wind was blowing from the south- west, and the morning was intensely hot. It appeared that a shepherd accidentally allowed a spark from his pipe to fall on the long dry grass with which that portion of the common was covered, and in spite of all his exertions the flames rapidly gained the mastery, and speedily extended over a very large area. The farmers and their families at once turned out to endeavour to extinguish it Hour after hour they tolled under a, broiling sun, in their endeavours to beat back the devouring element, and at length, with the assistance of a party of men acting under the directions of Mr. Edgar, succeeded in stopping its progress near the river. In a very short time news was brought to Mr. Edgar that a fire had broke out on his own run on the opposite Bide of the river. Off he started to the fresh scene of destruction, and in spite of the almost superhuman efforts of himself, hia neighbours, and his own men-one half of his run was entirely denuded of evory vestige of feed for cattle or sheep. The fire then took a northerly course, and swept over and de- voured the whole of the grass on Mr. Chirn slde's run north of the railway. It continued its devastating progress till it reached nearly as far as Staughton's Ranges, when, the wind moderating, the men in the employ of Mr. Chirnside and Mr. Edgar, assisted by neigh- bouring farmer?, were at length enabled to check it, but not before about 15,000 acres of Mr. Ohimside's grass lands were burnt up, one-half of Mr. Edgar's run, and about 2,000 acres of the Bulban portion of the Little River Farmers' Common, The loss will bo severely felt hy Mr. Edgar, who haB not been very long in the neighbourhood. Mr. Chlrn alde's loss will be far greater, hut as a millionaire it will not be of bo much importance to him as it would be to a less wealthy man. Tho Little River farmers will also feel the loss, as they dopend mainly on their dairy produce to keep the wolf from the door. The You Yangs portion of their common had a very narrow escape from destruction on Boxing-day. A spark from the midday train to Geelong Bet fire to the grass in the paddock rented by the pleuro pneumonia commissioners. The wind was blowing from the same direction as on Wednesday last, and had it not been for the prompt action taken by Constablo M'Wil llams,* nothing could have prevented the whole of the You Yangs grasa, &c;, being destroyed. The importance of the service rendered was on Saturday laBt recognized by the commoners, who, at a meeting convened to tako action to eradicate the thistles grow- ing on the common, passed a vote of thanks to M'WilliamB for his services, and expressed a hope that his superiors would not overlook his meritorious conduct." 