I NEWS AND NOTES. ? BY A SYDNEY MAN. I LXX Saturday, December 16. You have the telegrams of the October news, and had better make the most of tbpm, for it would not be easy to say when you are likely to have the news itself. The steamer Madras is taking it easy round the coast, at]the cautious and deliberate pace of about seven inile3 an hour, so we shall not have her here in a hurry, and as the out- ward mail leaves Sydney on Friday next, you of Queensland at least must give up all hope of answering your letters. It is too bad, but affairs will never be mended under the present contract. The Madras will probably not be in Sydney before "Wednes- day night, and by that time your outward mail will be nearly here. The loss of the Duncan Dunbar has" caused much regret, but happily no life was lost with her. Mr. George Thornton, formerly Mayor of Sydney, was on board with his family, as was also Mr. Galloway. They had all been sent on to London by the Brazilian mail steamer. Lord Palnierston's death has created the less impression here because it was con- stantly expected for, several mails past. He was born ou the 20th October, 1784, and would consequently have been exactly j eighty-one years old if be had lived two days longer. It would be impertinent to attempt to remind you or your readers of the extraordinary events which this veteran statesman has witnessed or taken part in since the year 1806, when he first entered Parliament ; but I eau myself remember when the caricatures of the versatile and tough old Priemier were pre- sented in guise very different from that which has lately been familiar in the pages of London Punch-when the pinched waist, the high coat collar, the " cossack" trousers, and the inordinate shirt collar represented the beau of a generation just passing away. However, he has gone to Westminster Abbey. Mr. Bright said, not long ago, that the great Premier " would not die." He has done it at last, and, though the hollowest of politicians, he has left behind him a name which Englishmen are proud of, because he defended their nationality whenever it was threatened. The good news of the wool market will be cheering in the north, where some of the oldest and worthiest are believed to be in some straits owing to the application of the Sydney screw. May they soon be well ' out of it. The manner in which the tariff and the whole financial scheme of our Treasurer has been kicked out by the Assembly con- tinues to afford general matter for conver- sation. The House sat up all night and did not separate until half- past ii o'clock yesterday, leaving then not a vestige of the ministerial policy. The amendment of Parkes was defeated, but ministers gained nothing by this, and the utter defeat of their financial scheme is tantamount to the severest vote of want of confidence, and under other circumstances a resignation might be expected, but it is understood that this will not take place, and that the Trea- surer will merely be got rid of. Mr. Cowper, however, declines to state the intentions of Government until the next meeting of the Assembly, which will be next Tuesday. The following are the particulars of a most shocking story, as told by the cor- respondent of the Pastoral limes, writing from Wentworth : A most melancholy event has just como to our knowledge, the particulars of which ave ' most distressing and harrowing to our foelingB, and elicit our sympathies for suffering humanity. A family of sovon, father, mother, and five children, had recently left tlio service of Mr. Gell, of Lake Victoria, and had, in search of employment, gono up the ana branch ; thoy had been travelling somo five weeks with- out success, and wero on their way down. Tho extreme heat of the woathor had inado their journey a vory toilsomo ono, and tho absence of feed had caused their horso to bo quite unablo to draw their cart further, which was aban- doned, and what material he was capable of carrying was packed on him. On Monday, tho 20th ultimo, the family had reached a point on Mr. PyVs run, which would necessitate a stage of IO miles to reach tho next water j here it would appear their horso ontirely failed them, and with tho intention of gotting through tho stage as they best could, they all started on foot. The day, however, being intensely hot, they made but little prpgrcss, and the want of water was extremely folt. Tho father, it would seem, turned back along the track to get somo, taking with him tho only vessel they had for carrying it, viz., a email billy -with this ho returned-but tho quantity was too small to afford tho relief that was now so much needed, as the wifo and children wero quite prostrate from thirst 5 towards ovening they made on effort to push through, but on night coming on they lost the track. On Tues- day morning tho fathorsot out to find tho track, or seek water-deceived, after going somo dis- tance by tho mirage, he made, as ho thought, towards some water seemingly rot far off. .Not finding the object of his search, ho ondcavored to retrace his steps, and had not gone far before ho thought ho again saw water closo by, and which ho had passed in his eagorness to securo some of that ho thought he had just seen in the distance. Horrible to relate, disappointment met him at every turn. With difficulty he got back to where he had left his wifo and children, only to find them either dead or dying-and no help, no succor, no ministering angel near to snatch them from thoir impending late, or »oothe their laßt agonising moments. From Monday till ^Friday, this awful scono was enact- ing, when chance sent succor, but too lato to eave any of the children, who woro ull dead, and far advanced in decomposition. The futhor and mother still lived, the former only being conscious. They wero discovered by Mr. Pyle, the owner of the run on which thoy were, and who happened to pass near iho spot with some cattlo. It was by tho merest accident ho discovered them, as the mon only was capable of any oiTort, and ho raising a portion of a blanket fortunately caught attention. What must have been the feelings of tlio individual thus, and so suddenly brought to Buch a »ceno, I will leave my readers to imagino. They could not, I think, be described. Every assistance that could bo rendered wa« most promptly given, Tho father, quito exhausted, who must havo shared tho fate of his children had another day passed by without help, was quito conscious ; the mothor, poor creature, was iu the very last etage of disBolutiou, and was only with great difficulty snatched from the jaws of death ; by force only could her mouth be opened to receive the drop of water that wos to bring back lifo and consciousness. Mr. Pylo had thom care- fully removed to his station, whore overy atten- tion necessary was bestowed ; and thoy aro, I believe, now approaching convalescence. The children's remains had to be interred on the spot, as thoy were eo far advanced in decom- position as to prevent reniovol. The heat on three days, viz., Monday, Tuesday, and Wed- nesday, out of the fivo that witnessed the suffer- ings of this wretched family, must have been terrific. From what was experienced here, tho thermometer would havo stood at 125 degrees to 130 degrees. J trust it will nover bo my Jot to record auch another frightful tragedy as this. Tho Kinder murder caso will not come on until next sessions. It is expected that Bertrand and Mrs, Kinder will be indicted on Monday next, but that tho trial will not come on until next gaol delivery, and that Mrs. Bertrand will be admitted Queen's evidence as against Mrs. Kinder. In the meantime, the " sensational " business that is being made out of this awful case is truly disgusting. Mr. Palmer, the father of Mrs. Bertrand, writes to the Empire as follows : I have suffered much amioyaneo from soveral publishing catchpennies applying to mo for a likeness of tho cruelly treated Mrs. Ber- trand, to publish the same for thoir profit, by pandering to a morbid curiosity, regnrdloss of tho feelings of her afflicted family. To rid mo of somo of thoso importinont posts, and punish sucli audacity, I handed a gont tho likenoss of a femólo that had accidentally boen loft in my place of businoss soveral years since. How tho bait was greedily Bwallowod, and tho public hoaxed, I lcavo your numerous readers to judgo. On Thursday last a letter on this sub- ject generally appeared in the Herald, from which I make au extract. The writer, who signs as "A Mother," after adverting to the morbid taste of those who seek such publications, proceeds in a strain which will meet with a general response, whether the writer be a mother or not. She says : But it is with no vain idoa of impressing in tho slightest dcgrco those whom tho lovoof gain has blindod to all other considerations, that I now write ; but with the hope, as a mother, to iufliicnce, if possible, othor mothers to be on thoir guard, not only to provcut tho introduc- tion of this poison, but to instil into their young daughters such tastos and feelings as will load thom voluntarily to turn away from tho lifting of tho inner veils of guilt and crime. Pow, if any, educated porsons are ignorant of the poet's assertion Vice Is a monster of such frightful melu, Thut to 1)0 tinted, needs but to bo seen ¡ nut often, grown fnmillnr with lier faco, Wo flrst cnduio, thon pity, thoa ombrnce. Yet fow practically recognise the melancholy truth of it. I havo boen astonished at the sub- jects unhesitatingly in this colony discussed by fair young girls, apparently carofully brought up, and whoso modest appearance would have improssed mo with the idea that though tho ex- istence of crime could not in the course of thingB bo unknown to thom, yet that such knowledge lay in their minds Uko tho dim recollection of a far-off horror; thankfully cast into the lowest dopths of possiblo oblivion. It is not Boldoin the caso that much of the caro and watchfulness of a faithful mother has been neutralised, in somo dogreo, occasionally by gossiping servant girls ; but moro by far, by the evils attendant on school companionship in this colony. Pew people aro sufficiently aware of tho exton' of lilis ovil. I must pause a moment to say thot I do not reflect on the managomont gene- rally of the Bchools ; so far as I know, tho ladies who conduct them do all in thoir power to dis- cover and counteract the ovilä which thoy know from experience to exist-but when amongst twenty or thirty girls, two or three uro present who have already learned much they ought not to have known beforo over they joined the school, thoy soon teach tho rest ; and the unfor- tunate preccptross often docs not discover tho mischief until it is well grown. This reflection leads ino back to my subject. I have spoken of careful mothers-but it is from careless ones that tho greatest evil arises ¡ not unloving ones, for of thoso I boliovo there aro but fow-but from mothers who dross their children, display their children, aro at a great espense for schools, masters, and amusoments for their children, and then flatter themselves that they arc oxeuiplary parents, and that be causo their children havo never seen any crime at home, nor hovo over boon allowed tho com- panionship of any but proper pcoplo'a children, that they aro perfectly safo from ovil or any inclination thereto. If this view be really correct, how is it that when the mothers destroy or hide newspapers containing roports of coses such as form the subject of this letter, such newspapers ave smuggled eagerly into tho school-rooms? and that, as will bo seen, pamphlets of which there will be numbers sold this morning, -»ill find thoir way thither in like mannor? And young ears will drink in tho polluted and debasing know- ledge of sin-that knowlodge of tho treo of good and ovil which seoracd so pleasant to tho oyo while it brought death to the hoart, Oh, mothers ! indulgo yourselves in no liconso -no curiosity that you would blush to soo in your daughters. If thoy find the forbidden fruit hidden in your chamber, of what avail will bo your admonitions ? And, lastly, anothor scarcely acknowledged, noy, sometimes oponly countenanced evil not unconnected with the foregoing-somotimes pre- paratory to it-is tho silly, imprudont flirtation, that seems to bo the rule in this colony, A girl, as soon as sho is in her teens-Bho does not even wait for long dresses-and a boy who has grown as much moustache as may be represented by a used U23 tooth brush, equally vote it a sine qua non to havo a " sweetheart," or two or threo perhaps, as may bo convenient. Letters, nnd walkings homo from school, and moctings in tho Domain-which aro Uko most other things, least known by those most concerned-follow, and aro of constant occurronco. But somotimes it oven happens that mamma does know, and sho smiles at tho boy and girl devotion j and if a dozen puppies danglo after her pretty but thoughtless daughter, matorfumilias proudly asserts that her Julia is such a favorite, all tho men (?) aro in love with her. Where is the young English girl gone who, fresh and pure, and full of life and joyousncsB, yet so respcots herself that not tho veriest puppy that ever walked behind a moustacho would over dream of paying her a fulsome com- pliment, or imngino that his slang conversation and impudent familiarity would by her, as by too many young ladies here, bo token for tho lively wit and graceful caso of a well-bred man ? I have given this long extract because it is certainly well worthy of perusal. How it applies in Brisbane I know not, but I don't believe that it is one tenth part as applicable as here, where the warnings and the cautions of the writer might be worth gold and rubies if tait en in time. I give from late Victorian and South Australian papers some information which may not be uninteresting on the subject of the weather, the crops, and the pastoral question : The heat in the country during the wcok seems to havo been moro severo than it -was in Melbourne Wo observe from (ho Talbot Leader than on Thursday an ovfensive bush fire took placo between Talbot and Maryborough. The conflagration, which extended over a distance of three miles, is described as having been most terrific, hugo (rees falling in every direction, and the vast sheets of llamo that nroso as each " giant of tho forest" fell a victim to the llames, was very grand. Near Kyneton, also, bush-fires prevailed. The Observer says ; -" On Friday the heat was most oppressive, and tvo or threo bush-fires woro seen burning in various directions-ono on Mount Macedon, and ono apparently in tho Jim Crow road, burnt fiercely oil day, and wbb not ex- tinguished at night." We have the following information as to the stale of the crops from the Wu7-niam bool Uxumiiicr : In tho curly part of the week some fine showers of ruin fell throughout tho district, adding greatly to the chances of good crops for the season. The crops from Colac down to Warrnambool look very well, with the exception of oats, which uppear generally to bo a failuro throughout the colony. In most instances the crop is boing out down for hay. Whon wo stnto that tlio. crops look very woll from. Ooloo to Warrnambool, our readers must not understand that thoro is that breadth of country under oui turo. Wo only alludo, of course, to whero thoro thoro aro crops, thoro not boing in this district anything like tho oxtont of land under crop in comparison with our great grain-growing pe- riods. There is, howovor, a largo extent of laud plautedwith pototoos, and if tho osoulont is worth a paying prico this sooboh our formers havo o good prospect boforo thom. Tlio following letter appears in the Advertiser : After all, your warning about tho ro-oponing of tho squatting question was much neodod. A drought has ovortakon us-ono that is nffooting squatting in all tho colonies and in ovory direc- tion, moro or loss, according to tho managomont and to the provision mado by tho lessees in anti- cipation of somo such revorso. Tho drought has visited us onco in twenty yours, nnd wo havo had dry seasons sovoral timos. Through thoso tho squatters havo dono woll onough, but tho farmers havo been ruined by tho scoro. A year's drought, soab, plouro- pnoumonia, and a fniluro in the crops, are all matters that havo to bo borno by tho individuals concerned, whether frooholdors or leaseholders, in ovory country in tho world. It is true a tonant may ask consi- deration becauso of such visitations, with reforenco to a reduction or romission of rout, but ho cannot expect his landlord to remit his rout, and to grant him a reduction of it for the noxt fourteon years, muoh. less doniand it. Nor would any tenant, oxcopt a squottor, even dream of doing anything of tho kind. If tho drought has completely ruined tho squat- ters, and left thom doBtituto of moans to carry on with, lot thom say so, and ask for a voto of publio money, for I hold thoy have no claim for recompense, nor any right to state-aid, unless they aro in this condition. Their claim appoors to mo to bo for o yearly voto of monoy to bo grantod them ¡ if not, what does a long tenure at a low rent mean ? Thoro is great fear that in overlooking this fact members of parliament may inflict a serious injury upon the country, for it must bo romoinbered if what is now dono should be afterwords found to bo what I affirm it is, there will bo no chanco to re- open the matter. An attempt to do so would of course bo repudiation, spoliation, and all tho other étions. It is quito right for individuals to ro opon questions the country has decided in favor of, and declared shall not bn ro-oponed ; but it would be downright tyranny for tho country to ro-opon any question decided in favor of individuals. That is Bquattors' logic. Let tho drought be dealt with as a drought, as a failure in stock farming, and in the saino spirit and upon the sumo terms as a foiluro in wheat farming would bo dealt with j but I cannot seo what o drought in 1865 has to do with profits that dato to 1860. I can- not forget that tho first claim was for continual ronowols at a valuation ovory flvo years, ot each of which valuatious tho squatter was to hove a nominoo to ineist upon the sarao reut, with a right reserved to the squottor to object to the valuation if ho disapproved ou his part, &.O. Tho country will bo leased for pastoral purposes for generations, and it is tho bounden duty of tho country to insist upon its right to resume, and its right to ix the rent. I can hardly sup- pose any largo portion of tho community will sign away the futuro prospects of the country at tho dictation of a few capitalists-our would-be aristocracy. It is altogether too soon for men who have boon soliciting our support through tho Press, in the salo yard, auction mart, and store, to expect on uncovered and unreasoning ocquiosconco in any such assumption. We have had a thunderstorm and rain to-dny, and the sky looks still unsettled. 