COUNTRY NEWS. A singular occurrence took place at a publichouse at Talbot on Wednesday. On the evening of that day the landlord, named Ross, and a lodger named Wheeler, were playing at skittles, at the rear of the house, when Wheeler suddenly picked up what car penters call "a brace and bit," and rnushing upon Ross, said " I'm a soldier and must stab you," suiting the action to the words by stabbing ross on the left shoulder, leaving a wound an inch and a-half in length, from which a considerable quantity of blood flowed. Having accomplished his purpose so far, Wheeler gave Ross a violent blow on the head with the handle of the tool, and then left him. A doctor was promptly called to the spot, and found that although the wounds inflicted upon Ross were severe they were not likely to prove fatal, and subsequently Wheeler was arrested and lodged in the lock up. The most singular feature of the affair is that no quarrel had taken place between the parties with reference to the game they were playing, nor was there anything in the ap pearance of Wheeler, until be made use of the words described above, indicative of his insane conduct. It is supposed that Wheeler was suffering from an attack of temporary in sanity when he perpetrated the outrage. A series of bush fines of an alarming cha racter have taken place recently in the neighbourhood of Wangaratta. The follow ing particulars are taken from the Wan garatta Dispatch of Thursday:-- Bush fires for the last three weeks have raged around us on all sides; during the last week, how ever, they have become very alarming, and have caused great anxiety to the settlers and farmers in the neighbourhood. The ranges from Glenrowan to the Bough-yards Station may literally be said to have been on fire, while the flats and paddocks bor dering on the Three-Mile Creek have at times been more or less surrounded with the element. On Monday last, Taminick Station, the property of Mr. B. Warby, narrowly escaped the fire, having at one time reached the haystack, in close proximity to the home station, and it was only by the combined ex ertions of all employed about the place that the fire was got under. A dividing bwfc few*. trurted |oma Hum vuli •» faa Tvni^ttnndkt. H. K. flnuun'i AUr; ,wkftt A nprt if AlfSO, *" eo^afieU^fea^•', ,«« H'PUAm'v *&».. U*' duuav wm ffanRytM. 3WteinlI«i of buih fonoloft f$tpted Mtk oat of itQQ, two jmzi . -WW RduotdioavbMjttvibBViAf noiuMM «t*tfoo. M«i nwhRadoty WM iiu for Uteptoftxif. Tbv BoDgVjwi* Station stood in jeopardy for eome time; by judicious measures, however, its course was altered. The otlgln of the fires hag not as yet been traced; suspicion, however, rests on 1 some of the shepherds who recently have I hern thrown out of employment owing to the fencing improvements that have been made in the localities above alluded j to. Tanawlrgto, also, on Sunday last stood i In the greatest danger. Tewaida sundown many of the farmers were in each fear for the ! safety of the crops of gialn that they had al most prepared themselves for a move. For tunately, how ever, a change of wind set in from an opposite direction, and the flames weie'directed subsequently towanls the El Dorado. North Wangarstta was at the same time in imminent danger. Some of the for mers there, besides removing the furniture from their houses, set to work and oommenoed operations in banking their stacks with earth, and covering in the grain in beds. As yet thete seems to he no abatement in the fierce ness of the fire, and nothing short of heavy fall of rain can tend to diminish the I anxiety felt amongst both our settlers and [ fanners." It is reported by a local paper that on Sun- ; day night the whole of the western side of J the Black Range, near Albury, was on fire, and the bright red flames, thrown into the | shapes of bluing houses, churches, and streets, presented a most striking appearauoe, visible for many miles ronnd. During the week, says the Deniliquin Chro- nicle of Saturday, we have had some three or four hot days, reminding us of the worst features of former summers. Last Saturday, Sunday, and Thursday, were the warmest, the thermometer registering 101° and 102° in the outside shade. The following gossip about Morgan is ex tracted from the Federal Standard of Friday: —"A report was circulated in Albury last Monday morning that Morgan had shot another person just outside the town of Albury. The report turned out, like several others of the kind, to be only a hoax. A short time back it was said that Morgan was seen near Howlong, bathing in the Murray, and that the two spectators on the bank, as soon as they recognised the notorious bush- ranger, ran off as fast as possible, instead of impounding the rascal's clothes and revolvers, as they should have done. According to another canard, Morgan keeps an account at the Bank of New South Wales in Albury, and every now and then rides into town to pay in." It is stated by a New South Wales paper that the entire sum paid by the Government to Detective M'Glone for the capture of Gar- diner was £15, and that his position in the service is no higher now than it was pre vious to that event. When the performance of special and dangerous duties, such as the arrest of the most notorious bushranger that even New South Wales ever produced, is thus inadequately recognized, there is little in ducement for what in the navy is termed " zeal for the service " in the police force. The Pastoral Times of Saturday states that whilst the inhabitants of Denliliquin were enjoying themselves at a ball on the previous Monday, a burglary was committed at the shop of Mr. Evans, a watchmaker, and watches valued at £300 were stolen. Two men, both " old hands," were ultimately ap prehended, and about two thirds in value of the stolen property was recovered. The net annual value of all rateable pro perty within the borough of Ballarat for the present year is £96,992. The Mount Alexander Mail of yesterday says that the preliminary magisterial exami nation of the Italian who is charged with the murder of Margaret Graham at Dayles ford was conducted in private, a circum stance which has caused considerable indig nation among the inhabitants. It is gene rally believed that very strong inculpatory evidence has been elicited. A correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser gives the following account of some disastrous bush-fires which have occurred recently near the Little River:—'"One of the most de structive bush-fires that ever occurred in this neighborhood broke out on Wednesday last on the Bulban portion of the Farmers' Com mon. The wind was blowing from the south west, and the morning was intensely hot. It appeared that a shepherd accidentally allowed a spark from his pipe to fall on the long dry grass with which that portion of the common was covered, and in spite of all his exertions the flames rapidly gained the mastery, and speedily extended over a very large area. The farmers and their families at once turned out to endeavour to extinguish it. Hour after hour they toiled under a broiling sun, in their endeavours to beat back the devouring element, and at length, with the assistance of a party of men acting under the directions of Mr. Edgar, succeeded in stopping its progress near the river. In a very short time news was brought to Mr. Edgar that a fire had broke out an his own run on the opposite ride of the river. Off he started to the fresh scene of destruction, and in spite of the almost superhuman efforts of himself, his neighbours, and his own men—one half of his run was entirely denuded of every vestige of feed for cattle or sheep. The fire then took a northerly course, and swept over and de voured the whole of the grass on Mr. Chirn side'e run north of the railway. It continued its devastating progress till it reached nearly as far as Staughton's Ranges, when, the wind moderating, the men in the employ of Mr. Chirnside and Mr. Edgar, assisted by neigh bouring farmers, were at length enabled to check it, but not before about 16,000 acres of Mr. Chirnside's grass lands were burnt up, one-half of Mr. Edgar's run, and about 2,000 acres of the Bulban portion of the Little River Farmers' Common. The loss will be severely felt by Mr. Edgar, who has not been very long in the neighbourhood. Mr. Chirn side's loss will be far greater, but as a millionaire it will not be of so much importance to him as it would be to a les wealthy man. The Little River farmers will also feel the loss, as they depend mainly on their dairy produce to keep the wolf from the door. The You Yangs portion of their common had a very narrow escape from destruction on Boiinf-day. A spark from the midday tods to Geeloogoetfireto : ihe great in the paddock rented by the pleura paramenia homatretonem. The wbid Wowing bore the name . direetion .ee in' Wedpe*bV fed, and had it not bpan fartbe I prompt action takenhy OoontiMe M1TU Jlams,';boiUag' oould Rave 'poearohttd )ha whole qf tto Tos Vaugt gran/rioi 'bring f destroyed. The Importance of the'-tfltlir xendesed yae on flatU^ lariniMigaiie&bri; ife& TOMtiflif vi to talreaorinato on&eate; the thirties grow- i jsMTpitofalff abopetbsV Ueanpwiore wimid sotwvreleok (blsmedfcr,\c , The Mhtia wanfo of tho DonwByVi fade j dteMcMii ' oftbaiav, srere Weaj&t; widaxiho ribti ... isriMb ponrieHag ofthe gos- ^fR|b«y. " ^jCtoa.E.Marifoy,gad Means.CLF.Mlobolls s'la dtW-l-fo.' ?' ^ < ' ** i ' U waegtrtod '«dt baler the ffflT1! * 'WBW3M 9 tfka to M*ritkt% 'did-j hence unprincipled men wore left to do much as they liked. A public meet ing Wat recently hold to ooneldar the sub,j<qt,and* momorlal was adopted, asking for the appolutment of a warden and polloe maglstrate, whose head-quarters would he the Edwards Beef, and whose district would be COO square miles In extent. Mr. Hlgbett and Mr. Nloholla spoke in support of the memo Hal; and it was stated, in reply to Mr. Ulohte'a questions, that the Edwards Beef might fairly and properly be taken as the centre of opera tions. Mr. Michle remarked that the matter had already received consideration. Recently a valuable report on the Crooked River and Donnelly's Creek district had been obtained from Mr. Warden Bntler, who had pointed out the great want of a larger police force, and had also sent in suggestions as to the boundaries of a new dis trict^ which he proposed should be established outside those of Rale and Wood's Point. The recommendation as to the Increase of the polioe force, Mr. Michle stated, had been re ferred to the polioe department, and he understood that it was to be Immediately acted upon. As to tbo creation of a new district, and the appointment of a warden to attend to It, he declined giving a positive pledge, until he had consulted his colleagues on the point. Ills own opinion was that it ought to be done, and, unless unforeseen obstacles arose, that opinion would In due oourse be given effect tot A decision would be arrived at upon an early day—probably within a wo-k, and this deci sion he undertook to commuuioate to the deputation. To the appointment of a terri torial magistrate, by whom a court of petty sessions could be held, he saw no objection; and it was arranged that the names of the residents willing and qualified to act should be submitted to bim. He admitted, also, that it was both desirable end reasonable that an electoral registrar should be appointed, and a premise was obtained that this should be done. The Specimen Hill Quarts Company, Daylesford, have obtained 413 onnoea for the week. 