TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1865. " Wo are to relinquish tho controlling check of the Upper House ; we are to constitute one over-ruling, privileged, democratic body, and to trust it with an authority, not only unlimited, not only irresponsible, but secret and unseen. No, never will such a tyranny be borne!"-Sir R. Peel's Speech at the Glasgow Banquet, January 3, 1837. The accord which exists between the law officers of the Crown seems to be perfect. But, however charming, it is somewhat embarrassing when seeking to apportion the responsibility which may respectively belong to them. Upon the whole, we are inclined to bold them as jointly responsible for the advice which they give to tbe Cabinet; but inasmuch as Mr. HlGINBOTHAM puts himself forward upon most occasions in which a defence is to be made of the conduct of the Government departments, we will deal with Mr. HIGINBOTHAM in reference to the misappropriation of the immigration fund. It may appear to be the height of presumption in us to argue with so ac- complished an expert in a question of law, but-with becoming modesty-we beg to put in a plea for logic, if need be, in distinction from law. If an interpretation of law be irreconcilable with the principles of logic, it will re- quire a higher authority than that of the Attorney-General, even when backed by that of the Minister of Justice, to insure for it any weight beyond the limits of that circle in which they reign supreme. The 38th section of the Land Act of 1862 declares, "there shall be appro- " priated to the purpose of assisted " immigration into Victoria in every " year after the 31st of December, " 1862, one-fourth of the net moneys " received in such year from the sale or " the leasing of land, or from licences " for the use thereof under this act," etc. Nothing can be plainer than this language. The enactment is not that one-fourth of the moneys realized by the sale or leasing of lauds in one year, may be so appropriated ; but it is ex- pressly declared that they shall be so appropriated. In the following part of the clause provision is made for the issue of regulations by tho Governor in Coun- cil, to be submitted to the approval of both Houses of Parliament for the proper expenditure of the moneys so ac- cruing. By the application of the most inexorable logic to the interpretation of this clause, it can bo made to mean nothing else than that the Executive of the day is bound to expend these moneys upon this object, and upon this object alone. It is no answer to this rigid and faithful interpretation of the clause, that under the existing regulations for the expenditure of " those "moneys," the whole amount has not been disposed of. As the faithful executants of the law, Ministers were bound to frame other regulations with a view to carry out the intention of the act in regard to immigration, if those existing were not found suitable to the purpose. With the known sentiments of several members of the Cabinet upon tho sub- ject of immigration, it was scarcely to bo expected, however, that they would show any earnestness in carrying out this provision. We have good reason to be- lieve that, from the day of his entrance upon office, the Commissioner of Customs has done all that he legally could to render the existing regulations inoperative. Nor is it to be wondered at if, agreeing with Mr. FRANCIS in opi- nion upon this point, the Attorney General's im« should be found to sup- port the policy of the Commissioner of Customs. In the debate in the Assembly on Thursday evening last, Mr. HIGINBO .THAM attempted to justify the absorp- tion into the general revenue of the un- expended portion of the immigration fund for the last two years by a reference to the 24th clause of the Public Moneys and Audit Statute, which provides that " except where by any act " now or hereafter to be in force it is or " shall be expressly enacted to the con " trary, all sums of money which are or " shall be appropriated to the public " service in any year, and which shall " not be expended during such year, " shall lapse, and shall not be issued or " applied in any future year to the par " ticular service for which the appro " priation shall have been so made," (fee. Now, we contend that, unless the Attorney-General's law he determined by some recondite principles, of which non-legal persons are unablo to judge, and which are inconsistent with ordinary logic, this clause provides only thal annual appropriations shall so lapse if unexpended. But that the immigra- tion fund is an annual appropriation we utterly deny. The immigration fund is created by an express act of Parliament, and is not dependent upon an annual vote. The expenditure of " these moneys" is authoritatively provided for by the Land Act of 18C2 ; nor is it in the power of the law officers to prove to the convic- tion of any unprejudiced tribunal, that it is open to the Government, which ha3 negligently and reluctantly, if not un- faithfully, disbursed a part of the fund in aid of immigration, to apply the remainder to the general necessities of the public service. And that we aro right in our interpretation of the 24th clause of the act just cited is clear, from the circumstance that the Commissioners of Audit-sufficiently good judges of the meaning of the statute in question, we should imagine-demurred to the At- torney-General's law, and required the express authority of Parliament to an appropriation of the immigration fund to the general purposes of the revenue. We leave the Upper House to vindi- cate its own action in amending the 24th clause. To our non-legal minds, however, the object of the amendment seems simply to be to provide that the existing law shall be faithfully executed. The Assembly, under the guidance of the Attorney-General, has very unneces- sarily thrown itself into an attitude to defend its privileges, not really, as we conceive, assailed or intended to be assailed. There is a very marked consistency in the conduct of the Attorney General in this as in other instances. Having given a formal opinion upon the law, he is naturally impatient of an amendment, which perhaps implies that his dictum is not entitled to the regard which would have been due to it had his political views been known to be in op- position to it. We fear that, notwith- standing the facility with which the Attorney-General falls back upon his conscious rectitude, and trusts to his legal accuracy, he will not readily lead the public to believe that his political bias has had no influence upon his in- terpretation of the law. There seems to be a general agree- ment at last that a system of under- ground drainage for Melbourne is a sanitary refoim which cannot be much longer delayed. The action taken by the City Council is one of our reasons for thinking this ; but it is not the only one. We know that body too well to be over-sanguine as to the result of its labours, notwithstanding that it has recently conducted its business with propriety and despatch ; and we cannot forget that it has taken preliminary steps more than once before in this matter, and nothing has come of it. Our main reliance is placed upon tho fact, that the revival of the project has been marked by an entire absence of all oppo- sition from those whom ignorance, pre- judice, or self-interest, had hitherto arrayed on the side of filth and disease. It is not so very long ago that the pro- posal to drain Melbourne was met by indignant opposition at the City Council, and some of the members of that august conclave were as vehement in their denunciations of cleanliness as if it had been proposed to experiment upon themselves. The Eoyal Society, also, found a difficulty in appreciating the utility of underground drainage, and more than one philosopher de- clared his disbelief in the connexion between a sewerage system and health. Happily, however, all this is now changed. Swanaton-street passes its re- solutions with charming unanimity, and Latrobe-street is silent or convinced. The opportunity appears to be fa- vourable, therefore, for calling atten- tion to the probable expense of a system of sewerage for Melbourne. There is no part of the subject, perhaps, upon which a greater amount of misconcep- tion prevails than upon this question of expense. The universal belief seems to be that some enormous sum will be re- quired to do the tiling efficiently. We have heard it surmised, by people who ought to have known better, that be- tween two and three millions would havo to be expended on the drainage of Melbourne, and tho most moderate guess ever essayed in our hearing was £500,000. Yet tho colossal sewerage works which are now being carried out in London are not expected to cost more than five millions at the outside, and to comparo Melbourno to London is like comparing a pigmy to a giant-the whole city and suburbs would not fur- nish out a moderate-sized parish in that huge metropolis. The real fact is that the sewerage of Melbourne can be carried out for a sum, which, considering the wealth of the city, is not at all formid- able. It is true that, ten years ago, when the Sewerage and Water Com- mission investigated the subject, they put down the probable cost of the main sewers at between ¿£500,000 and £ G 00,000, but there ia reason to be- lieve that this estimate is a great deal too high. It must be remembered that we arc not called upon to embark in any new and strange undertaking, in dealing with which everything must bo left to conjecture. Tho thing has been done over and over again in England, and the cost of the works for the drain- age of any given locality can be calculated with a close approximation to fact. It has been reckoned that between the years 1850 and 1802,178 English cities and towns borrowed money to the extent of nearly four millions for the construc- tion of sewerage works ; and it is stated by an engineer whose calculations may bo relied upon, that the cost of main Bewers may be taken at an average of £1 per head of the population of the place in which they aro executed. And this assertion is amply borne out by the evidence of statistics. In Birmingham, a city with about double the population of Mel- bourne, 120 miles of sewerage was con- structed at a cost of £150,000 ; and Carlisle, with a population about equal "to that of Geelong, carried out a system of sewerage at an expense of ¿£23,000, or 17s. 8d. per head of the population. A careful analysis of the expenditure on sewerage works in nine other Eng- lish towns- having an aggregate popu- lation of 116,000 persons, living in 18,800 houses- showed that the average cost of the works was X3 18s. Sd. per house, or 12s. 9d. per head of the popu- lation. If we make a liberal allowance for the enhanced cost of labour and materials in this colony, and fix our average at £5 per house, the expense of underground drainage for Melbourne proper would be something consi- derably under £50,000 ; and for a moro extended area, embracing nearly the whole of the Melbourne municipalities in one great scheme of drainage, it has been calculated that £300,000 would be the sum required. It is clear, therefore, that the people of Melbourne need not hesitate to undertake this most neces- sary work from any fear of the ex- pense. The City Council sat yeaterdiy for upwards of four hour?, and then adjourned until to- day, at noon. The greater portion of tho time was occupied with the hearing of ap- peals agninBt the annual value of the rate- able pioporty of the city. The nppeals against assessments ia Lonsdale and Smith 'Wards, as well aa some orders of tho day which were postponed yesterday, will bo disposed of at the adjourned meeting. The tender of Mr. Hugh Hunt for the leaso of the cattle market for twelve months was accepted yesterday by the City Council. The amount of Mr. Hunt's tender was £1,625, being £125 mora than the tender of Mr. G. Robinson, who was the lessee during the past year. The number of visitors to the National MuBeums of natural history, geology, and economic geology, applied to mining, agri- culture, and the arts, for the week ending 8th April was 836. The museums ore open to the public daily (Sundays excepted), from ten a.m. till ûve p ID. At the weekly meeting of the executive committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, the superintendent made the following return :-Namber of inmates in the home, as reported lost week, 189 ; admitted since, 78 ; persons who have received out- door relief, 2GG, or 79 families. Total re- lieved, 638. Discharged from the home during the week. 83. Total at present remaining. 184. Number stonebreaking, 5 ; oakum-picking and horpehair-teazing, 11. The following subscriptions have been re- ceived during the week per Mr. Goff, col- lector, viz. :-Mr. W, Morton, £1 Is. ; the Hon. Mr. Francis, £2 2s.; Mr. S. Mullen, £1 Is.; and Messrs. Wood and Wore, £118. The committeo of the Melbourne Home report as follows for the month ending 31st March :-Governesses-Registrations, 4 ; en- gagements, 5 ; inmate", 4. Needlewomen-In- mates, 11. Servants-Registrations, 142 ¡ engagements, 92; inmates, C1. Number in home duiing month, including staff, 71. Mr. Nash, tho collector of the Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution and Female Refuge, thankfully acknowledges receipt from the Borough Council of Fitzroy of £5 Si. ; Borough Council of Hotham, £2 2j. ; Hon. T. II. Fellows, £6 5 £1 Is. ; Palmer and Hedderwiok, £1 Is, ; and Cuningham and Macredie, £2 2s, in aid of the former institution ; and David Oßilvy, £5; Thoa. Chirnside, £5 ; Wade and Gowan, £1 Is.; and Pyne, Beath, and Co., £1 Is. in aid of the latter. At the weekly meeting of the Committee of Mnnagement of the Benevolent Asylum, on Saturday, the superintendent reportad the Btuto of the house tn be as follow« ¡-Men, 279 ; women, 93 ; total, 372. There went 13 applica- tions for admignioa ; and oftheBal was en- tertained, and' 12 refused for want of room. The committee acknowledge a donation of books from Mr. Donald Munro. A public meeting, in connexion with the anniversary of the Richmond Wenleyan Sab bathgRohool, will be held this evening. Mr. Tho?. Vasey will preside. Tho meeting will be addressed by several ministers and friends. Tho scholars, assisted by the choir, will sing a selection of music. A public lecture, in behalf of the Colling- wood Tract Distribution Society, will be de- livered by the Rev. Isaac New, on " The Fa'l of Jerupalem," this evening, in tin Oxford Btreet Church, Collingwood, at eight o'clock. Mr. Geo. Harker, M L.A., in the chair. Telegraphic communication was inter- rupted yesterday between Geelong and Cape Otway. Tbo Free-trado and Fiaanclal Reform League held a meeting in the South Turra Orderly-room last evening the Hon. W. C. Haines in the chair. About 300 persona at- tended, and the resolutions, which wcro of the UBual kind, were cairied by largo majorities. Ihe prociedings weie much interrupted, mostly by a collection of ill-behaved boyej. Tho workmen of Melbourne and the Buburba aBf i vnbled in considerable force at St. George'ij hall last evening, for the purpose of express- ing their opinions in favour of tho now tariff. Resolutions approving both of the fiscal («ilicy of the Government and the manner in which they propoBa lo carry it Into law, were lasnd without opposition, and a deputation «as appointed for the purpose of acquainting tlie Chief SiciotaTy with the result of the meeting. Tlie fhaTt'holderâ of tbo South Crinoline Amhignumted Qnaitz-mining Company (Dou nelly'B Creek) held a general meotlng at tho Albion Hotel jTtBteida),to8ittleafewof the pre liminarlea required before regular operations bega», The lesul t was the election of Messrs. B. G. Bayldon, S. W. Graham, S. R. Groom, R. W. Johnston, Henry Moss, John Aubin, and Joseph Clark, as directors -, Mr. Vf. H. Campbell, as legal manager; Mesers. II. F. Norton and J. Lees, as auditors ; and Mr. B. A. Atkyns, as solicitor. We understand that the Government do not at preeent contemplate any works for carrying off the flood waters of the Yarra beyond lowerin; the Palis by three foot. Thiswoik is now proceeding. During thj removal of some of tho boulders, the disco- very was made that about twenty of the wooden piora which Bupport the Fulls-brt; t> were nearly sawn through. The eating'i casewasmadc aslant, and there is little dbuuc that, but for the timely detection, tho btidfij would have been swept away by the next floods. Prompt miaiures will be taken tj remedy tho injury ; and it is to be hoped that the perpetrators of the vile act will speedily be brought to justice. Tho monthly meeting of the Victorian Horticultural Improvement Society was held last evening, at the Mechanics' Institute; Mr. Somner, president of tho society, in tho chair. A paper was read by Mr. \V. Ferguson, on tho " Shrubs best adapted for planting in Victoria," the paper bsiiig a counterpart to one read at the last moeting by the same writer on ornamental trees. The writer re- marked that the present exceptionally dry season had severely tested the powers of endurances of the various ornamental shiubs usually planted in this colony. Tho colony naturally contained a largo number of ever- green shrub?, which only required to bo more generally known to be introduced as orna- mental shrubs into our gardens. Early au- tumn planting was in all cases recommended, as enabling the plants to attain such roothold in the wet Eenson as would put them into a position to withstand tho drought of the follow- ing summer. The paper then proceeded to enu- merate and dosciibe the shrub3 best adapted for general cultivation for ornamental pur posec. Tho eeverul species of acacia were highly recommended, on account of the beauty of their foliage and the fragrance of theil bloEBominspriugtime. Theazaleas, tho flame- tree, the Murray pine, and the New Zealand giasB-trees were described, and all pronounced worthy of cultivation as ornamental shrtilK Tbe hawthorns (pink and white) and tho holly wero all well suited for the Victotian climate, as were also the rhododendrons, in spite of a prevalent belief to tbe contrary. Amongst various other" plants the cnlturo of which was recommended was the olive, which the writer considered would, in time, be cultivated largely for the sake of the fruit, wbich it produced here so abundantly. At the conclusion of the paper, a report w»3 brought up from the committee appointed to judge the exhibits laid on the table. To a collection of dahlias exhibited by Mr. Fergu- son, gnrdenor to Mr. Hugh Glass, a first-class certificate was awarded ; and a hollyhock of the same exhibitor was favourably spoken of. A collection of two dozen appleB, sent by Mr. R. Hepburn, of Hawthorn, received a label of commendation. This concluded the business of the meeting. A meeting of the promoters of the Victoria Deep-sea Fishing Company was held yesterday afternoon, at the Freemasons' Hotel, Swiin ston-street. Captain B. R. Mathews presided, and read the prospectus, which Bet forth that the object of the company was to furnish a constant supply of good fish, hitherto unob- tainable, to the Victorian market. Mr. \V. C. Weekes called attention to the fact that in laying the submarine telegraph between Vic- toria and Tasmania fishing-grounds were discovered of larger extent than those on the east coast of England, which Bupplied so large a portion of the mother country with fish. From the fact that sole, turbot, and brill had been caught in the neighbonrhood of Capo Otway, he believed that those grounds would bo pfofitobly explored if the Govern- ment would only grant the loan of the cutter Lcelia. Alrondy tho subscriptions to the company amounted to £325, which sum, with the assistance of the Government, would he sufficient to try the experiment. Mr. F. A. White moved that the following propoaitions should be submitted to tho Government-" 1. The Government to lend the Lcelia for six months, the company undertaking to provide the necessary gear, and work the vessel at their own expense. 2. The company to make known to the Government, as soon as possi- ble after its discovery, the hearings and sound- ings of any bank on which they may take Ash, to make public within twelvemonths all dis- coveries in connexion with the experiment. 3\. The Government to add a capstan and wnrprails to the vessel ; and no other altera- tions to be made, eave witli the consent of the Government." Tho motion was agreed to. Mr. Sheldrake, who stated that he had been engaged in tho fishery trade for upwards of forty years, observed that there were no fish whatever to be taken in Hobson's Ray save a few flathead at night ; and to go outside with such a cutter as the Loelia a much moro powerful trawl than that brought to the colony by Captain Tonkio, of the Norfolk, was required. The company, to sneceed, must not proceed in a "tinpot" way. On the motion of Mr, Coleman, a deputation was appointed to wait upon the Minister of Cus- toms ; end with this business tho proceedings ttrminated. Tho firet general meeting of shareholders in the Victoria and Riverina Pastoral Asso- ciation was held yesterday aftemooD, at the Criterion Hotel. A very favourable report on flic condition of tho runs in possession of the ftf6ociation wa9 received from the manager, Mr. J. Miller, who considered that for a comparatively small cost the whole of the country taken up could be made nvailnble for any description of stock. The balance-sheet presented showed a sum oi £1,161 2s. 4d. to the credit of the associa- tion in the bank. The directors' report was rereived and adopted, and ordered to be printed for circulation among the share- holders. Mr. M'Killop and Mr. Bald were appointed unditors for the ensuingyoar; and Messrs. J. Di»vis and J. W. M'Comas, retiring director?, wero re-elected. An inquest was held yesterday by Dr. Youl, at the hospita], upon the body of Alexan- drina M'Donald, aged nine years. On the afternoon of the 6th iust., deceased was play- ing with somo other children ia Napier street. Fitzroy, after leaving school. At that patt of the street it seems that there was a email cutting, of tho depth of about eighteen inches, on the bank of wbich the children were playing. Deceased Btood on the bank, and jumped from it into the street, where ehe fell just as a baker's cart drove up, and before the horse could be stopped the cart passed over her. Several pomona witnessed the occurrence, and they agreed that rjtc^ blame was to be attached to the driver of tne^ cart, who was driving at a very moderate pace at tbe time. Deceased was taken to the hospital, where it was found that her skull had sustained a comround fracture. She was InfeiiBible, and cuntinutd in that state. Con- vulsions came on next day, and were repeated at interval« till her death, uti the 8th iust. Vi-idiit, " death from a fractate of the skull, iircidm tally received." An accident took place a little before five o'cluck yesterday afternoon, at the corner of ibu Parliamentary Reserve, near the Model Schools. A dray liaded with lime was pro ceeding along Spring-stieet when, just before anivii'g at the comer of Albert- street, a horse, ridden by a boy, who appeared unable to manage it, came round the corner at a gullop, and ran straight on to the near shaft of the dray. The shaft deeply penetrated the chest of the horse, and snapped off. Tue poor animal wrenched itself clear from the frngrnent of the shaft which was attached to the harness, and then stoggered down aoioäs tbo triangular piece of ground in front of the Model Sehoole. Tbe loss of blood soon caused it to lie down, and it died within a fjw minutes of the occurrence. The rldor, who appeared not to bo injured, stated that the hor¿ 'belonged to Mr. M'KeaD, solicitor. In"-.1*District Court ycBterday, u cabman named Patrick O'shanassy, No. 421, who drives on the Brunswick-road, was com- plained against for willully obstructing the thoroughfare along this road, and aldo fjr causing darrjBgo to a car driven by CharleB Wagner. Wagner is the driver of a car which is one of those engaged by the Brunswick Car Company to run at reduced rates-a movement which, it uppears, is viewed with considerable dt-tabte by the other cabmen. On the morning ol theCthitiKt., while Wagner was driving into town, bhortly after leaviug the Sarah Sands Hotel the defendant drove up behind, and passed tho car at a very rbpid inte, keeping HO close that a col- lision WBB only uviided with difficulty. On getting in froat he checked hid hone to a walk, and kept Wagn>r from passing him until they reached somewhere about tbo Port Phillip Farmers' Socioty's Yards. Two gen- tlemen who were aiding in Wagner's car, Mr. F. C. Jarrett and Mr. Geo. Horne, estimated that their journey into town that morning waa protracted about fifteen minutes by de- fendant's conduct. Somewhat later in the game morning, as another of the company's cars was driving to Brunswick with a female and young child, the defendant again drove up behind, lashing his horse in a furious manner. In passing tbo right wheel, his car struck the wheel of tho other car, and defendant bad no f-ooner got in ad- vance than he pulled round, crossed the road, and ran against the other whee), causing damage to the car which liad been estimated at £10. In remarking upon the evidence taken in the two cases, Mr. Hackett ob-ierved that it was clear that defendant had been carrying oat a system of obstructing the cara of the company. In the present caso, besides causing an obstruction and delay, and pro- ducing damage to the vehicle, his conduct bad endangered the safety of the passengers, and had caused considerable alarm to the lady, as she had stated to the Court. He regietted that, in the latter case, he could only fine the defendant £10 ; in default, three months' imprisonment, He would inflict the same penalty in the other case, with £3 8s. coBts In each instance. He further recom- mended that the Car Committee should apply to get defendant's licence annulled, and to prevent bim from obtaining another. The business at Sandridge Police Court yesterday was of an altogether unimpor- tant character. Bridget Cameron, com- plained against by John Thomson for assail- ing him with abusivo language, waa fined 10s., and Gs. Cd. costs. In three separate summonses for assault J. J. Reilly appeared as complainant ngainBt Walter Collins, his father-in-law ; Alice M'Quaide, his sister-in law ; and Jas. M'Quaide, her husband. The assaults complained of arose out of family dis- sensions, the complainant evidently not being held in the very highest estimation by his wife's kinsfolk. After much conflicting evi- dence had been adduced,the Bench dismissed all threo cases. A charge of assault preferred by Robert Larkins against Mary Platt was also dismissed. In another assault caso, Ti7. Duncan v. Henry Flinn, the defendant was ordered to pay 25s., this amount to cover costs of court. Two tailors, for being drunk and disorderly, and making use of obBcene languago in public, wero ordered to be im- prisoned for twenty-four hours ; and another, for highly indecent conduct, was sentenced to twelve boura' imprisonment. In a email debt case, Young and Polls v. Flint, the Bjnch made an order against defendant, with 10d. Gd. costs, the amount to be recovered by distress ; and in default, fourteen days' im- prisonment. Mr. F. Call, P.M., was the pre tiding magistrate. Tho business at tho Prahran Court of Petty ScssionB yesterday was confined to one case n charge of furiouB riding, preferred by the polico against a man named Wm. Borde. Borde appeared to have endangered the safety of several persons by his reckless riding, and he was ordered to poy a fine of 10s. At Heidelberg Police Court yestorday, beforo Mr. Panton, P.M., and Dr. A. R, Mac- donald, Charlea Smith was charged with being drunk and creating a disturbance in the streets of Heidelberg on Sunday. From the evidence of the police it appeared that prisoner, who is a shoemaker by trade, was locked up on Saturday for a similar offence, but was brought up oa Sunday beforo a local justice, fined ös., and discharged. On Sunday evening he was again drunk and creating a disturbance. The Bench said that inflicting a fine of 6s. on such a character seemed to have no effect, and thoy should therefore fine him áOs. or three days' imprisonment. At Flemington Police Court yesterday-pre- sent, Messrs. J. T. Smith, P. Higgins, T.Napier, P. Phelan, P. M'&ncken;, and 1). Armstrong Michael O'Keefe was charged by J. T. Smith (who retired from tho bench during the hear- ing of the case) with wilfully trespassing on his land, at the Mooneo Ponds, and removing sand and loam therefrom. On the defendant expressing his regret for the offence, tho com- plainant said he did not wish to press the case. Afine of Is,, with 5s. costs,was im- posed. At tbe Fitzroy Police Court yesterday, John Sinclair, a baker, was brought up, on remand, charged with endangering the life of a child named Alexandrina M'Donald, by negligent driving. Since tbe charge was made, how- ever, the child had died from the injuries received, and the prisoner was further re- manded, until the result of the coroner's in- quest WOB known. The occurrence took placB a few days ago, at tho corner of Nicholson and Graves streets, tho prisoner driving over the child with his hoHO and cart. Amongst the other cases disposed of was one of larceny, in which a man named Alexander Moodie was charged with stealing a number of doors from the timber-yard of Messrs. Oldford and Lind- say, timber merchants, Nicholson-Btreet. The prisoner was arrested by Constable Bagnall, at half-past two o'clock in the morning, while in tlie act of cariying off one of the doors, but three others which wore found in his posses- sion could not bo identified. He was sen- tenced to fourteen dayB' imprisonment. The Kyneton Observer says:-"Ihe total claii^from sufferers by the late bush- fires ore now in, and represent a stated loss of £9,094 4s. 8d., made up as under:-Cropi, £6,707 17s. 10d.; fencing, £1,158 16a.; build- ings, £1,410 5s. ; furniture and clothes, £G3i U-. ; stock, £131 8s. Od.; agricultural imple- ments £951 9s. lu the entire list not ono of the Bufferets appears to have been insured. The above, we mayromark, dues not repre- sent anything liku the total loss, as many have not sent in claims who have suffered, having received îelief by private Bourcos, aud others not feding justified iii domaudtng relief. The claims have, we presume, bden tint in by parties only who aro in absoluto I distress, in accordance with the resolution arrived at-to relieve none other than ca3es of absolute distress. A distribution will, we prewime, shortly be made." Chilwell appears to be a favourite haunt of illicit distillers. A man named Stevenson, resident ¡in Fyans-strcet, there, was con- victed at Geelong Police Court last week, on a charge of smuggling, aud heavily fined. A woman named Jane Alexander, who also lives in Fynns-street, was prosecuted for a similar offence, convicted, and fined. A Chinaman, who had gone to the houBo to mend chairs, was found there by the police, and charged as an accomplice, but lie was freíd by tho confession of the other defen- dant. The Bendigo Advcrlistr states that Mr. Shudrach Jones, who was lately engaged very extensively in business in Dunedin, has loft that city somewhat suddenly, on his way to England. Mr. Jones was formerly ia busi- ness in Sandhurst. " There are fow people in Warrnambool," says the Mxaminer " who know that within onomile of the township there is one of the most prolific vineyards in the district. We allude to that of Mr. M'Lean, ot Russell's Creek. During a visit there the olher day we taw enough to convinco us what can le done by cara and perseverance in bringing the grape vine to perfection in this district. Tho vines were absolutely breaking down with fruit, and from one root alone Mr. M'Lean estimates ho will havo ten hundred- weight, and we should fully anticipate such a result, several of tho branches bearing from twenty to thirty pounds. The grapes ara mostly sweet-water, although here and there there are muscatels and Hamburgs. Tho ground where tlie vineyard is situated is of a reddish-brown, and ia well protected from tho south and weBt winds." The first half-yearly meeting of the Rich- mond Penny Savings B*nk wo3 held lu3t night, at the local court-house. Mr. P. John- son, the président, occupied the chair. The report stated that the institution had moro than realized the anticipations of its pro- moters. The total amount deposited had been £504 7P. Id., including a bonus of £5 given by Mr. J. G. Francis, M.L.A., and a similar bonus given by a gentleman whose name was not mentioned. The withdrawals amounted to £69 Is. lid. The number of depositors was 778 ¡ the highest sum standing to tho credit of anyone depositor was £60 11s., and the loweBt 4d. Tho interest allowed by the Colonial Bank and the sale of pass- books had paid the expenses of management within about £4. Tho report was adopted; and, on tbe motion of the Mayor of Richmond (Mr. J. Bosisto), a vote of thanks was accorded to the preEident and cihcuis of the bank. Tho quarterly meeting of the Pentridge Rifle Association carno oil on Saturday after- noon. The most noticeable feature was the excellent shooting of Sergeant Foster, the winner of the Sumner Cup, in the late matches. Notwithstanding the unfavourable weather, he succeeded iu getting an average of nearly a centre a shot at 200, 400, and 600 yards, firing five rounds at each range. At a tpecial meeting of the Richmond Council, held last night, a borough rate of Is. in^tho pouud was agreed to for the year end- ing iho 30th of September next. The rate will bo struck, in accordance with the pro- visions of the Municipal Act, at the next ordinary meeting of the council, on the 2StU inst. The Pastoral Times has the following: "Wo have on more than one occasion re- ferred to the success of the Chinese at Denili- quin in gardening. An unusually dry summer is just about to close, still the gardens in which the Chinese are engaged are as green and as well stocked as in spring. From tho quantity of water they have used, in thoroughly dienching the ground three times a day, they nearly exhausted a hitherto never-fall- ing hole; but, bringing their mining expe- rience to bear, they cut two races (ditches about a foot deep and wide) to neighbouring holes, and thus kept up a good supply. The secret of beneficially watering in the heat of the day consists in having the water of the Borne or very little lower temperature than the air. Taken fiom a waterhole, the water is sufficiently warm, but if drawn or pumped from a well, and immtdiatoly put on the ground, it will kill all vegetation as effectually as if hot water were UBed. In Iron's garden no see cabbages larger, sounder, and heavier than are to be found ia Melbourne market. Spiing onions, lettuce, &c;, are equally good, although the Boil is poor. In the Wanderer Gaiden, on North Deniliquin, we see the same remit, although the garden is at the top of a sandhill, thirty feet at least above the land adjoining. In another garden (Dr. Weston'a) th« vegetables are in such abundance that they have been given to the pigs. Thus the poor despised Mongolians have solved ia their humble way the knotty point as to what may bo expected from the Riverine territory if properly watered. Surrounded and inter- sected as is the country by large rivers, and thousands of creeks and waterholes of all slzeBand dimensions, it would seem to he the easiest task possible to give to the soil an abundance of water at all seasons of the jeur, and we could set the droughts at defiance." The losses by the late fire at Daylesford are summarized by the Mercury of yesterday as follows :-" Messrs. little and Noble's hay and corn store, with stock of produce, &c;, and stables; Mr. Jno. Little's private residence, furniture, &c;, partially burnt and damaged by removal, loss, &c.; ; Mr. Hitt's (blacksmith) forge destroyed, stock of iron, felloes, spokes, and carriage building timber, totally burnt ; Mr. Mainon's (tobacconist) stock and fumi turo; Mr. A. Cross's ditto. In the last two cases tomo salvase was made, but of course much damaged by removal, water, &c.; Some damage was also done to Jamison's Hotel, by removal of inflammable matter, &c;, as at one time that establishment stood in imminent danger. We are not able to give an idea of the amount of loss sustained by Messrs. Little and Noble, but it is cer tain that they had in the store a very heavy Btock of produce, grain, &c.;, all of which is destroyed beyond salvage, beside a quantity of harness, &c;, and the household furniture of Mr. Little. That firm is insured in the London and Lancashire Insurance Company for £400. Mr. Hitt's loss is not ascertainable, but he also had a considerable stock of iron, seasoned timber, spokes, felloes, &c;, on his pnmitee. Mr. Maiuon estimates his loss at about £100, and Mr. Cross puts his at abJut the same figure. Mr. Lerich's stock was somewhat damaged by removal and pecula- tion ; he, however, is covered by insurance in the Australasian office. He status his loss at £t0 or £90. During the height of the fire, the premises of Messrs. Duffus, Tennant, and Coade, on the opposite side of Wills-square, were only kept from ignition by the applica- tion of wet blankets and water, flakes of fire of consideiable size being carried across by the wind. The telegraph wire, which crossed the street at this point, was burnt thiough." The Bathurst Jimes predicts the early break- ing up or extinction of " Hull's gang." It re- marks:-"The strenuous endeavours made in the south to capture these villains seems to be harusEing, und telling upon them with terrible effect, und the accounts wa read ot the uervoubnees cxhibittd by Hall, and the watchfulness and suspicion they display to wordB all whom they meet, tell of the strain- ing vigilance they aro compelled to maintain in ortler to elude capture. A gentleman, lately from tho Lachlan, informB us that tho bushrangers were met in the bush in that locality thoroughly worn out and knocked up with their journey across the country. They were in a miserable plight, being com- pelled to lead their horses over the mountain paet-CB, and tho trump had swollen and in- flamed their feet. The success of their rob biry of Mr. Jones's store will probably enable them to purchase Eafety for a timo ; but the pursuit fabould bo kept up with unyielding vigour on all sides, so that, with the terror which is being inspired by the Felons' Appre- hension Bill, and tbo unceasing wear upon body and mind which they must feel by the manner iu which they are to be hunted, it would bo impossible for the vagabonds to re- main at large for a much greater length of time." Tho fourth subscription concert of the Prahran and Soutli Yarra Musical Society will take place on Thursday evening, under dibtinguished patronage, in the Town-hall, Prahran. The otatorio, " The Messiah," will be petformed ; and the band and chorus will consist of upwards of two hundred performers, with Mr. Horsley conductor. We have our files from Adelaide to the 8th in>t., by the steamship South Australian. The Register, speaking of the defences of the colony, says :-" We understand that the Governor lately requested the commander of the station to pay a vi-iit to the colony, and to afford His Excellency the benefit of his udvice on the sulject of colonial defences. The commodore regretted his inability to come in person, but we are indebted to Sir Dominick's application for tho presence of Cuptain Parkin, whom the commodore com misEioned to visit South Australia in the Falcon, introducing him to the Governor as un officer equally qualified with himself to deulwith the subject, as he had devoted much utteution to all questions connected with naval artillery. Captain Parkin, who is now staying at Government-house, has been in close communication with His Excellency, und is carefully studying the subject on which his udvice is sought. Re will also visit the various localities upon the coast which are likely to be selected as positions of defence, being accompanied thither by Major Warburton and Colonel Biggs. We presume that the principal points upon which Cuptain Parkin's opinion is sought will havo reference to the kind of guns to bo used, their number, and their precise position. His report will no doubt form a valuable addition to that of the commissioners, who are under- stood to have just completed theirs on the same subject." The final match at bowls, North against South, fixed to take place on Saturday last, wus postponed in consequence of the state of the weather. A general meeting of membetB took place at the Railway Hotel in the even- ing, ibe Hon. M. Heivey in tho chair. The balance-sheet for the past year, together with uri estimate of the expenditure for next yoar, btginning on the 11th instant, was read by the bon. secretary ; and it was moved by Mr. Loader, seconded by Mr. Harley, that in con bcqutnce of the necetsary extension of the playing ground to give r ccommodation to the rapidly increasing number of members, the entrance-fee be raised from one to two guineas, and the annual subscription from one to two guineas. The motion was even- tually withdrawn in favour of a resolution by Mr. Ritchie, seconded by Mr. W. L. Kelly, that the matter be left in tbe hands of tho directors to report. The mover suggested that the directors might deem it advisable to print a report, tmbracing their own views, to be approved of or otherwise at another general meeting, and that, therefore, this meeting do adjourn «in« Ait. An amendment, proposed by Mr. Robertson, and seconded by Mr. D. Lyons, that thiB meeting adjourn to Saturday, the 22nd instant, was put and lost. The motion waB then declared to be carried by a large majority. After a vote of thanks to the chairman the meeting cloEed. "Jack Cade," the drama played at the Theatre Royal yesterday evening, is a pitiful contrast to the marvellous episode in which Sbakspeare has with such convincing truth delineated the ludicrous anarchy of a mob and tbe terrible caprice of a successful dema- gogue. Judge Contad's play is, on the con- trary, an essay to pourtray the terrible op- pression which drove a peoplo to rebellion, fjiid the heroism of a mun who rose to deliver them from their thrall. The author dispenses with history, and seems to have been doubtful whether to pay moat at- tention to the truditious of Wat Tyler and the Kentish Bondsman, or that of William Tell. Hu conducts Cude through a triumphal and virtuous career, and ultimately bungs about his death, not by the hand of the '" poor Kentish Esquire," but by the Lord Say, in tho very moment of victory. Despite this licence, however, the piece is but a sorry attempt, full of the balderdash of a bad Surrey melodrama, without a particle of the tough and ready humour with which trans- pontine writers are wont to relieve the dreariness of their scenes. And it must be confessed that yesterday evening the acting was purely us conventional aa the characters. Mr. J. H. Allen's Cade was a great disappoint- ment to those who believed that they detected the ling of true metal above the peculiarities of his stylo In Lagardero. Nothing can bo urged ia extenuation of the performance, and therefore nothing need be said. On this occasion "we would rather be blamed for silence than checked for speech." Mrs. Heir made a bruve eliott to infuse life and interest into the character of Muriunne, and indeed, carne nigh unto success, but the other ineni birs of the company were altogether weighed , down by the heaviness ol their paus. | Though the author has not attempted humour, he was responsible lor a great deal ut laughter, and us a good faice concluded tho piogtamme the audience were nut entheiy deprived of an evening's umuse ment._ 