TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (From the Melbourne papers.) DAYLESFORD, SATURDAY. It has been discovered that the Union Gold mining Company have driven under the Church of England reserve, endangering the foundations of the school- house, and it is said that about 600 ounces of gold have been taken out. Applica- tion is to be made to a court of equity for an in- junction. Another large bush-fire is raging within about half a mile of the town. The following are the returns obtained during the past week by the undermentioned gold mining companies : — Specimen-hill Company (four days' work), 489 oz. ; Havelock Company, 25 oz. ; Danneverke Company, 122 ozs., from 62 tons of stone ; White Star Company, 159 oz. ; Exchequer Company, 78 oz. ; Concordia Com- pany, 21 oz. ; Nuggetty Company, 61 oz. ; New Wombat-hill Company, 25 oz. ; Bonetti and party, 18 oz. SANDHURST, SATURDAY. Since the last report forwarded to you there has been a further falling-off in the quantity of gold brought into the market, and several of our largest quartz-crushing machines have been com- pelled to stop operations and discharge all hands. One company alone (the Catherine) by its stop- ing has thrown over 100 men out of employment ; and the effects of these stoppages are plainly per- ceptible amongst our business men. The follow- ing are the most important purchases of cakes : — By the Bank of New South Wales — Nelson Reef Company, 130 oz. 13dwt. ¡ Hercules Com- pany, 93 oz. 10 oz. This office reports a falling off in the quantities of alluvial gold offered for sale. By the Bank of Victoria — Emu Company (from seven tons of stone), 97 oz. 8dwt. ; New Chum, 28oz. ; Victoria Reef Gold-mines Com- pany, 18 oz. 2dwt. ; Advance Company, 58 oz. 18dwt.; Bird's Reef Company, 126 oz. 15dwt. This office had the largest quantity of alluvial gold displayed in its window of all the offices. The heat of the weather during the early part of to-day was very oppressive, but to- wards eight o'clock the wind commenced to blow from the south, giving some hope of a change in the weather. Fires are still raging around Bendigo ; and even at the present time the prices of farm produce have increased. All that can be said is, that should we not get rain, and that speedily, our mining population, and consequently our business men, will be in a sorry plight. TALBOT, SATURDAY. The returns obtained by the following com- panies at the Mount Greenock diggings were — By the Pioneer Company, 137 oz. for the week, with only eighteen picks at work ; by the Perse- verance Company, 64 oz. for the week, with only eleven picks at work ; and by the Royal Standard Company, 40 oz. for the week. The gold got by the Pioneer Company, this week was washed from two machines' full. The dividend for the fortnight in the Pioneer Compa- ny is expected to be £80 per share ; and in the Perseverance Company the dividend for the week will be about £15 per share. SYDNEY, S ATURDAY. Inspector Hogg, on Wednesday last, captured M'Grath, who is supposed to be the murderer of Mr. Musson, at Pyramul. The prisoner has been remanded for further evidence. Mr. Francis Dutton is appointed Wurtemburg consul for Sydney, and his appointment has been recognized by His Excellency the Governor. Telegraphic communication has been extended to Araluen. The Governor of New Caledonia has received orders from His Imperial Majesty Louis Napoleon to restore the Protestant churches, and permit liberty of worship. Business is without much change. Rice is held for an advance of £2. The Sydney Morning Herald, in an article this morning, suggests that Howe's Island might be made into a penal establishment tor the Austra- lian colonies. ADELAIDE, MARCH 4. The ship Blackwall is expected to arrive at Port Augusta in the beginning of November next, with 100 camels, from twenty to fifty-two years old, some Persian donkeys, Angora goats, and twenty-five Arab grooms, for the firm of Elder, Smith, and Co. The Attorney- General is at present at the head of the poll for the County of Victoria. It will take forty votes to displace him. There is only one box (from Wellington) remains to be opened, and as only forty have voted there, his return may be considered certain. Flour sales havs been made to-day at £22 10s., and wheat has realised 9s. 3d. Sailed.— At five p.m., South Australian, s.s. Coorong, s.s., for Melbourne. 