VICTORIA. GENUINE LIBERALITY. Messrs Degraves and Co. liave set tin example worthy of all praise in connexion with the late bush fires, as appears from the following advertisement in (he loosil papers: — ?' Notice. — Those farmers who have lost so severely oy the late fires being: indebted to us, arc requested to call and obtain receipted accounts. W- Degraves and Co., Campaspe and Montpeilier Mills, March 10. 1865. SALE OF BLOOD HOUSES. T!ie Ai-rus reports: — At Kirk's Hazaar (Mr. G. Watson's) there was a largo number of. bloo I horses (?ffured for sale under the hammer on Friday. The sire \Varhawk was knocked down to Mr. Kirk at £500. Mr. M'llaffie's Touchstone year lings, from Phillip Island, realised only moderate prices, ns follows: — Gladstone, own brother, to Im puJence and Modesty, brought £45; Chieftain, £20; Guy Maunering, £28 j Aggravator, £23 ; and Toueh me-Not, £13. The five-year-old mare'Il ' was sold for^lOO, and the six-year- old horse Saturn for £170. Glenyuille, four years, was knocked down at £31 ; and the hack Simp son for £30. The hurdle racer Grimaldi, five years, was sold for £55', and the three-year-old filly Grasshopper for £U. The sale of the Caulfield Iiorces was postponed until after the Adelaide Races. Mr. Purves's yearlings from Toot garook were not oltered, but are open lor sale by private contract. The Uarwon Park colte, six in number, all by Hoiardo, will be sold about tha. middle of April. DEATHOF T1IK HON *M. NICnOLSON Early on Sunday morning, the, hqn. Wm. Nicholson, who has played a very important part in the pofitical history of Victoria, expired nt]u« residence, St. Kilda. Mr. Nichol son may almost be said to be another martyr to ilie cares of political life. Some time ago lie received warning that his dvertabked energies were beginning to give way, in the shape of a plight at tack of paralysis. From this, how ever, he recovered, and continued to discharge his public duties with unabated vigor, In January, 1864 he had a second paralytic visitation, and this seizure, which, from the first, was regarded as of ft very alarming character, eventually re sulted in his death. His medical attendants never entertained Anjf Hopes that be would ultimately recover; and thiS att&bji; jjojm pelled tijril to, retirfc ^rpm jiufeV1? life,, . The deceased epntlemad spent a. good portion ,of .the .la^t tvyelye months among friends iy the country, in the nope of renovating h)t) shat tered constitution ; but bis powers, both of body and mind, gradually decayed, and when he returned to town a week ago, nothing but the end which hascoibc wasiiiticipateil, Mr. Nicholson's integrity risk jmbU'c nian was unquestioned ; and, in private life, he was mucli .rcapericd. He leaves a wife and juiiiily, 4nd many warm friends to inourn his loss. Mr. Mii-holsoii. un ived in the colony some twenty-lhree^i-ars tvg'-, and, uommi n- iu-r business as a grocer, graWutilly improved Ms po sition, until he became it prosperous merchant. His first entry imo pub'iu hie waf by bid elerti.m as a member ol the city council, aild be nltcrwards hiviiuie iu:iynr , »l the city. As a [loiitiriaii, InSniime will always he a*s(iiiaU'd with the intro duction of the liallot, a principle for tlie possession uf which the eb'.Oi.y is m.iiiily iuletite I to liim ; aiicl tlie orgttiii&ttiuii; of i he Laud Act, of 1860\. Mr. Nicholson abandoned his connection with municipal go vernment in 1*52, in older to (ill still more important posts in the colony. In that year he was elected a member of the then existing Leoislulure, a partly elective and partly nomine*! Assembly ; and, the imperial authorities desiring the Legislative Council to frame a Con stitution, he took a prominent jnart in the preparation of tbe Constitu tion Act, which received the assent of the British Parliament. MOIiGAN'S LATEST ATEOCfTIT. The following particulars of Mor gan's latest atrocity are given by Thursday's Wangaratta Dispatch i — ' On Thursday, as a shepherd was quietly feeding his dogs on the. Wallandool station, about forty miles from Albury, he received ii shot in the thigh from Morgan's revolver. The bushranger alter wards same up to him and said he had mistaken the shepherd for some one else. Such was the demoralised state of the people in the neighbour hood that the wounded man had . to apply to seventeen different people before he could get any one to con vey him to the Albury Hospital The wound is not dangerous, and the patient is going on favorably. VICTORIA 8ACING CLtfU AVtvAs MEETING. Friday was the firiit ilay of the fibove meeting, winch took place at the Flemington coiirse, and, al though not productive ol any re markable amount of excitement or even interest, a very excellent day's sport was enjoyed. The attendance was extremely limited, am) tiie bet ting, owing to a variety of cause-*, veiy slack. The horses ivlm Ii were entered were, as a rule, l-roug:it into the yard in capital form, al though many persons found iiiiilt with Mr. Fisher's lot in carrying tio much flesh, an I that that complaint was not groundless was shown l-y the result of the d.iy's racing, wiiit.n, with one exception, and that con sidered as alipust a gift, dilit a^aimt the rose aii'l bUck stripes The day wus fine nnd cloudy, and the course, alih'ijgli hard un I dusty, m tolerably jrood coiiilition. The Ifite drought hid, iijwever, tcuJed to do away with its elasticity, and, despite the natural advantages ,,f the ground the feet of tlie jounger and hyli galloping liorBes must have be«n sadly battered. 1 he pace throuph out was fair, mid the jumping ill the hurdle race highly creditable. Tue l'HUf. ^tak[;«, a.gwcc'petukcs of 5 bovs., with SO Bovji added. Mr Dowliilg's i1i g Kalcon, aged (Mor riBon) ? _it l ' G. WntBon's b I Kivcrlna 4 yrs ... S '? H, Junes's br g Bolivor, aged ? 3 Tne St. I.eqbr St\KES, or 14 mii'feadh', with 100 sova added. 'i'cu pec cent of the grow stake to go to tbe second horse. Value of the stake, 250 cove. . Mr Duwling's br 1 Illumination, by War hawk— Gnsliyht „. . . I ' Huttlc Fisher's br c The Sign, by , MuscDVadu— Omen ... ... 2 ' B. K. Grebne's oh I' Gwendoline, by Indian Warrior — Melesina ... .,, 3 ' J, ll*r\tnr'a b c lioomcrang, by Boi ardo— Joaimette ... .,. 0 Tub Au^Tim.uN Sires Produce Stakrs, for two -year olds, ol' 10 bovs each, with 175 sovs added. Ten percent of the gross stake to go to the second horse. ? Value ot the stake,. 316 bovs. Mr Dowlinji'e b c Frolic, late Playboy, . by ,U-rb,awk— Koinp.(.\lorrisou)... 1 \-- D, UobiBian'i b f MsiOsWue, kf I'diieiietone— -FairEllcn... .., 2 ' Hurtle Ffiber'B br f Kerosene, by Fililwrnan-Omen . ,,., ,i. 3 ' flurtlq Fisher'B br f Lady Heron, by i'isljewiaq— Omen ... . ... 0 'be AlisTBALiAK Cvv. ,— /*? „ fiapdicap sweepstakes ot lh sovb, ID lurfeit, and 6 tf declared, witli 200 sovs added. Win ners of u handicap race, value 100 sovb after the declaration of tbe weights, to cgirj- 511; extra; ol t»o *-ith rates, 711) txtviv., two niilos.and a quarter. Mr Henty's b « Woodman, aged, C»t 101b (fuller) ..: ..; - 1 ' Wiisun's br m Musidora, 6 yr», 8st »Oib... , ... , ? 2 ' Powlinu's cli e, Lincer, 8yrs. 6st filb 3 ' itirpert b Ji Raiwon, fiyra, 9st ... 0 ' Harper's b c Banker, 4y«-s, 8st 81b... 0 ' H. Hshefsch t Hose hi Dtusjiaik, . -4yr», 8st ?...- ..-. . ??? ° ' Downinj'e br f Illumination, Syn, .. /.rstdiib.., k...j.. ? ... ? ;?» o ' T..Heuty'sbrh Saturn, 6 yrs, 7st ._, ?' % ftSier'B ch'f fchryrofite, 4 yr's' tst ? .,- ??? b FbrtbiB race EbbK 'ftVwaa wSll HiloM; jiad bbeii scrafchledi.no* .did it 8urpris.Q. tho^e ^jho,.liiia Jjeen watching the course of xjie betting to learn ^hat, at theJast moment, Il)uioindtion waf . scratched *loo. The horses brought to the po^t were in fine form generally, and some little Bpccualion took place as to the winner, i'wo to 1 waB freely taken njrainst the field, and lo to 1 against Banker and Baturn, With ?* to 1 against Barwon, and 5 to 2 against Lancer was offered.. Little was doh.e witli rejrard Jo \y6bdmati, although 4 to 1 was in eeveriii in stances taken. A good etart was effected, Chrysolite taking up the position at the start and nuking a I'utiie attempt to keep it, and Mu»i dora going to the front at the half round. At the three-quarter way round, however, vYoodman passed the others, and came in first, Musi dora and Lancer taking up second and third places respectively. The time was 4 uiin. 16 sec. 