LAW REPORT. SUPREME COURT. Civil Sittings Before Trinity Term. Old Court-house.-Wednjîsdat, Jdsh 7. (Before his Honour Chief Justice Stawell, and Special Juries of Pour.) CLIMIE V. HIGGINS. An action by John Campball Climie, civil engineer, against Patrick Higgins, contractor, to recover various sums, amounting in the whole to £653 2s., for professional services alleged to have boen rendered at tho request of the defendant. The sums claimed were (I.) £1212s. for assisting to get up evidence in a County Court action, brought by - Frauds neainst the defendant ; (ii.) £50 for preparing data for a plan of sewerage for Melbourne ; (iii.) £50 for survey and examination of coun- try in reference to the Echuca extension of the Victorian Railways; (iv.) £10 10s. for assistance in preparing estimates for the Balman's-hill excavation (removal) contract ; and (v.) £530, commission, at the rate of 10s. per £100, on £100,000. the amount of a tender put in by defendant, and accepted by the New Zealand Government, but not ultimately executed by defendant, for constructing a railway from Auckland to Drury. The defence was that these services were rendered under a regular engagement, sub- sisting for some years, between the plaintiff and defendant, under which the plaintiff was fully and handsomely paid for these among his other general services, Mr. Fellows and Mr. Dobson for the plain- tiff; Mr. Ireland, Q.C., and Mr. M. A. Mac- donnell for the defendant. The jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff damages, £50. KITSON V MINNS. - An action of libel by one farmer against another, both residing at Melton. The plain- tiff and defendant, and many more persons, had been hard at work extinguishing a bush- fire. Refreshments wero provided by tho grateful owner of the pasturage saved from the fire. There was much eating and moro drinking, and a proportionate flow of other spirits than thoso consumed. The excited talk ran into a personal channel, and the defendant levelled various figurative in- sinuations at the plaintiff of this sort: "You've got a monkey on your chimney which you'll never get off." Then the defendant became more precise, and said, plaintiff could not producá his title-deeds free in twenty- four hours. The plaintiff offered to bet £10 that he could do this. Defendant rofuEPd to Blake against the plaintiff's cheque for £10, saying his chequo was not worth a shilling. This la6t observation formed tho Bting of the libel, for which plaintiff now sought damages. As to any special damage sustained by him in hiB character of a cattle salesman or farmer, from what was thus said, none was proved. The only witness ques- tioned on the point said that he had dealt with plaintiff since the words were spoken just us ho dealt with him before. Mr. Dawson and Mr. Fellows for the plain- tiff. Mr. Aspinall for the defendant. The only interesting feature in tho case was tho infinite but unrcportable fun mado of the whole affair by Mr. Aspinall in his fpeech for the defendant. His Honour, the jury, and the whole Court, wero alike in con- vulsions of laughter for sever ii minutes. The Chief Justice, with great self-corn mand, assumed a gravity quite solemn in summing up. Ile tóld tho jury that, if thoy thought the words stated in evidonce wore really, under all the circumstances accom- panying their utterance, fairly calculated to impute to the plaintiff that he was in insol- vent circumstances, and that his cheque was really not worth a shilllbg, they must find for the plaintiff. The jury immediately found a verdict for the defendant. The Court adjourned until Thursday (this day), at ten a.m. New Court-house.-Wednesday, June 7. (Before his Honour Mr. Justice Barry, and a Special Jury of Twelve.) WILLIAMS V. THE BOARD OF LAND AND WORKS, The hearing of this case was resumed. Robert Dalrymple, sworn, and examined by Mr. C. A. Smyth.- I have been the sheep and station valuator for Clough and Co. for the last seven years. I know the land in dispute here, marked pink. It would carry one sheep to the two acres well ; that is, with improvements, which would cost about £200. The adjoining station sold for 27s. 6 1/2. a-head. This is worth as much, but no more. I would allow 10s. for the sheep, and 17s. 6d. for the right of run. Assuming Curyo to carry 10,000 sheep, I calculate that the profit would be about £2,800 or .£2,400 a year. It would be exactly £2,249 a-year. (The witness gave a minute calculation of how this profit would be realized.) That is a large profit, but I have known runs pay themselves in three years. Sheep- farming is far the best business in this country. Crws-examined by Mr. Billing.-I don't think that there is much mallee scrub on the land marked pink. I made the estimate I have given to-day on the run when I saw the country. I have been over and over some 600 or 700 stations in this country. If a squatter stays on his station and attends to it, and does not waste his time in the club In town, he is sure to make a fortune in a few years. . I have known many such cases, and very few exceptions. To Mr. Smyth.-The whole country, with the pink, would carry from 14,000 to 15,000 sheep a year; but without the pink it would only carry about 4,000 for the winter. Matthew Taylor, tho plaintiff's attorney, examined by Mr. Smyth, explained how £5,000 was the claim for damages insorted in the declaration which ho delivered in tho case. He put in that sum without par- ticular instructions on the point from Mr. Williams, not being at the time of filling it up able to find him ; and, it being the lust day for dollvery, he had to fill it up on chance. The same day he heard of the error from plaintiff, and had it "remedied at once. In any case he considered the sum claimed only a formal matter. To Mr. Billing.-Ho had no conversation with plaintiff regarding the damages before giving instructions for the declaration. Pierce Jones Williams, the plaintiff, was called for the third time, and examined by Mr. Ireland.-He briefly explained the cir- cumstances under which he had become in- solvent. To Mr. Billing.-I transferred a part of the run to a person named Salmon in 1803 or 1864, for security, and got a retransfer from him. . . Hugh Parker, a wool broker in Melbourne, examined by Mr. Smith, was called to give evidence as an expert, but he appeared to know little about the country in disputo, and did not profesa to have an intimate personal knowledge of the practical working of a station, He was subsequently recalled, and proved that his firm was prepared to have fully stocked Curyo, had tho plaintiff gained posseB8ion of the country for grassing. Edward Böge, surveyor, examinod by Mr. Smyth, proved making tho Buivey of Curyo in November, 1803. Know the gazetted de- scription of Morton Plains, and explained its boundaries relative to Curyo, aa exemplified on the mop produced. {Gazette, 13th Dacem ber, 1848, produced, containing the boundaries of Morton Plains). It ia by this description of the hounds of Morton Plaina that he waa gnided In surveying Curyo. Cross-examined by Mr. Billing.-I had not a description of the boundaries of Morton Plains run, as defined by Mr. Commissioner Wright, when I made tho survey. I know Riley's lagoon. The country about it is partly open, but there is scrub quite near to it. There was no water on any part of the land marked pink in August. It waa third class grazing land. In tho open country, it would take three acreB to the sbeop, and aa to the carrying capability of the rest I cannot Bay. FirBt-c)n»8 land is land that would carry a sheep to the acre, and second-class that which wonld require two aorea for a sheop. To Mr. Smith.-Tbo greatost portion of tho mallee would feed sheop, I call all land which will feed a sheop to the acre and up- wards first-class land. Hatsell Mellish Garrard, examinod by Mr. Smith.-I am a surveyor, and squatter also. I know the Curyo run, oi at least the country about it, since 1851. About January, 1862,1 went up to make a survey of Curyo. I struck the boundary line between Curyo and Morton Plains according to tho boundaries given in the Government Gazette. (Witness gave the particulars of tho baarlngi jind distances as marked in the map made by him, and pro- duced ot the trial.) The country marked by the large pink block is excellent sheep coun- try-sound, healthy, Bhoopcountry. There Is every opportunity for obtaining an ample supply of water on it. I could make a tank for £80, which would water it in ordl nary seasons. There aro some lagoons on it. Water can be obtained very easily. The extent of the main block markod pink, westward of Morton FloinB, is about 18.500 acreB, and of the corner triangular piece, northward of Morton Plains, la 2,500 or 2,400. Taking the whole Curyo country, pink and white together, it could be workod ad- vantageously. The white by itself would not be worth ouo half as much as the white and pink together. It is comparatively useloss without ihe pink. To a Juror.-Water coald not be well ob- tained ia the white at all, excapt in ona place. CiOSB-cxamincd by Mr. HAnais.-Thore is not much mallee on the pink. Thora ia not 4,000 acres that you could not feed over. Thora waa a differenca between tho surveys I made in 1851 and 1862. The eastern boundary line (next the Morton Plaina run) did i.ot run in the snrao direction, but tiiere was no dif- ference in the southern boundary, except that it was longer. To Mr. Smyth.-I waa examined before the Board of Inquiry which eat on the cajo, and gave the same evidence aa I have given now. William Henry S iveetapple, called aud exa- mined.-Ho knew the survey of Curyo made by Mr. Garrard. Know tho cauutry. The pink is first-class sheep country. Tno white is very indifferent. This witness gauerally corroboiated Mr. Garrard. Tho Gazettes containing tho descriptions of boundaries alluded to in the evidence, also those in which appeared notices relating to the Curyo iun. and a number of letters on the subject o( tula dispute ftom the Board of Land and Works to tho plaintiff and his attorneys, were duly proved and put in. The t« o following were thoso which chiofly con- cern the case : " Oflico of Lands mid Survav, Melbourne, 31st March, 18113. "Gentlemen,-I liavo to acknowledge rocolpt of your lettor dated tho 2Sth lust., having roteroaco to pre» lons correspondence respecting the occupancy of the C rj o run by Mr. Williams, and In roply to your Inquiries on tho subject, I luve» to Inform you tint tho Board of Land and Works o raider that any action that may ho necessary to provoul trespass on that run iliould bo taken by Mr. Williams, and I have also to intimate that tho Hoard have not recognised the right of Commissioners of Crown Lands to hand ovor to rquatters without the foriml approval of tho Go. vernor in Council portions ol counry outsldo tho gazetted boundaries. "1 have the honour to bo, gentlemen, your most oVcdicnt servant, "C. Hodgkinson. Assistant Commissioner of Lands and Survoy." "Messrs. Macoboy and Wyburn, 02 Cliancorr lanc." "Office of Lands and Survey, Melbourne, April 2, 1863. "Gentlemen, - It has been represented to the Board of Lands and Works that Curyo run is encroached on by the occupants of the subdivisions of the Morton Plains run ; and in accordance with a recent order of the Board, I have the honour to apprise you that the occupation of these subdivisions must not extend to country beyond the original boundaries of the Morton Plains run, as described in the 'Government Gazette' of the 13th December 1848, no modification or departure from those boundaries having been subsequently sanc- tioned by the Governor in Council, or recognised by the Government. I enclose, for your information and guidance, copy of the Gazette notification alluded to. "I have, &c.;, "C. HODGKINSON, "Assistant Commissioner of Lands and Survey. "Messrs. Lyons and Ferres, Mount Jeffcott." Similar letters were Bent to Messrs. G. C. Macredie, Hislop, Agnew, Mogg, and Baker, the ownere of other adjoining runs. This closed the plaintiff's case. It should bo stated tbat it appeared incidentally lu tho evidence, that at tha inquiry into the case held by Government an oath waa adminis- tered t(i tho witnesses who were examined. Mr. Bilung addressed the jury for the de- fence. He pointed out to the jary that neither Fowler nor Stewart, in whose interest the plaintiff eaid he was bringing this action, had been called to explain tbeir shara In the proceeding?, and stated that, while tho Crown, in tbeir nnxioty to do justice, allowed ovldenco io bo given of the conversation with Mr. Brorko at the making of the contract, he must object to the plaintiff making out his ridiculous claim by iooae conversations with n number of different Government officials at different times since the making of tho con- tract. Plaintiff clearly knew of the dispute about Curyo boundaries, and he nurchaaod.as Mr. Brooke sold, without having any metea and bounda defined. The case for the Crown rested on two positions-Firstly, as Mr. Wil- liams retained tho best portion of the ran, ho had no right now to damages, as if he had rescinded tho contract altogether. TCia remedy was a suit in equity for specific performance. Secondly, if Mr. Brooke at the timo honestly thought (and they could not doubt that ho did) that he should bo able to make a title for Mr. Williams, and afterwards waa unablo to do so, all that plaintiff could claim waa his depoBit-money and any legitimate expenses he might have been put to in investigating the title, ne was not entitled to damages for loss-of a supposed good bargain. With re- ference to the court of inquiry held by Go- vernment, it did thom credit ; aud as for their administering an oath to witnesses, no one need have taken the oath who did not like it. Charles Hugh Lyons, examined by Mr, Habms,-I was formerly licensee of tho whole of the Morton Plains run, and am " still bo of part of it. I know tho coun- try marked pink. (Map produced made by Mr. Bago, and proved by him.) This map accurately shows the position of tho pink and bluo, that ia the part coloured pink only on the plaintiff's map. About (5,500 sheep altogether, for about five months of the year, were all I used to run on the pink. I have paid rent to the Crown for the pink from 1853 to 1859. I have since sold to Mr. Mocrcdio. I ueed to run the sheep from five to six months. Tho molleo on it is compara- tively worthless. I never allowed my men to put the sheep on it. The open portion of the pink waa very good. There is no water at all on the pink. I know a small lagoon colled O'Riley's Lagoon, at tile north-eostorn corner of tho pink block. It is often without any water at all. The open portion of the pink is equal to any part of Morton Plains. Tho mallee portion is perfectly useless. It is not made valuablo by adding it to the pink. By itself tho pink is worth little. If the sheep were shepherded, it would require three acres to feed a sheep. Cross-examined by Mr. InntAND. -I did not originally take up Morton Plains. .1 heard Mr. Garrard say that ho surveyed according to the boundaries given in the Government Gazette. When I say I paid rent for the pink, I mean that I paid assessment for the sheep that were running on it; but I only paid licence for Morton Plains. At the inquiry before the Government, in'1863, tho Attor- ney Gonornl enid something about my alter- ing the man I then produced. I wrote to him about bis observation, and ho explained that ho had been misunderstood, and ox pressed bia regret. But at first ho said that the boundary-line of the stations had been altered on the map I produced. The further hearing of the defenco was postponed till to-morrow. Tho Court adjourned till Thursday (this day), at ten a.m. 