PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, March 14. The President took the chair at tbirtäen minutes past four o'clock, and read the usual form of prayer. THE URQUHART SCAB CASE. Mr. MURPHY asked the Minister of Public Woiks, if it was the intention of Government to take any further notion upon the Urquhart unpaid cheques ; and if not, if others ßlving cheques under similar olrcnm f tances might calculate upon similar leniency in case of their dishonour? He would be glad to hear the hist of tho matter ; and he put the question merely as he wished in- formation on the constitutional point, whe- ther it was in the power of the Government to throw away fines amounting to more than a thousand pounds. Mr. HERVEY said that, with regard to the firi-t part of the question, his nnîwor was "No." With regard to tho second, he must expresB his regret that tho hon. merabor hud thought fit to couch it in so offjnsive a shape. CEMETERIES LAW AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. SLADEN moved for leave to bring in a bill to amend the law relating to cemete- ries. The hon. member was understood to state that his object was to meet the case of a number of graveyards which wore in ex- istence before cemeteries wereformed, and for the maintenance of which in proper decency no machinery existed. Mr. MITCHELL seconded the motion. Leave was given, the bill was brought in, read a first time, and its second reading was appointed for tho following day. THE EXPENDITURE OP THE IMMIGRATION FUND. Mr. STBACHAN moved ."That a return be laid upon the table of this House, showing whether the sum re- ported by the Commissioners of Audit a<i available for immigration in 1863 and 1861 has beenso expended j and if not, whether it has been applied to any, and what, special purposes opart from, or in excess of, the voteä of tho Legislative Assembly in the years 1863 nnd 1864?' The lion, member remarked that it waa well known that a difference of opinion existed between the Commissioners of Audit and the Government as to the expenditure of tho im- migration fund. The construction the Com- missioners of Audit put upon the 38th clause of the Land Act of 1862 was, that one-fourth of the land sales fund ought to be set apart for immigration purposes, while the law officers ot tho Crown wera of opinion that any unexpended balance during the ono year muBt lapse, like other unspent votes, into tho consolidated revenue for the next yenr. Now, ho could understand how a lawyer reading tho Audit Act could ar- rive at this conclusion ; but still he must maintain that in a special immigration voto of tbiB description tbe money ought to be reserved for its special purpose. Ila remem- bered how great was the outcry raised when a former Government diverted a sum of £8GO,000 from immigration purposeB, and he saw no Tcason why any other Government should be allowed to take a similar course. HIb object in submitting the motion was to ascertain where the money had gone to, with a view, if necesBarv, of introducing a olauae in the amending bill which would place tho special appropriation of the inonoy beyond a doubt. Mr. HERVEY would not enter into the legal part of the question, 03 the law officers of the Crown, who were better qualified to deal with it, had already given their opi- nion that the Audit Act required that all lapsed money should fall into the consoli- dated revtnue. As lion, members knew, the system of immigration now in exUtenca re- ferred solely to the introduction of single females and of persons nominated under the fHmily scheme. The regulations on the sub- ject on which the Government acted had been submitted to Parliament, and had never baon disapproved of, and they_ had been faithfully carried oat by the Ministry. It was impos- sible to increase the numbar of applicants beyond the spontaneous demands of the country. Attempts had been made to placo a liberal interpretation on the ¡imitation of immigrants to the proportion of their nationalities in the census returns, and that was ali that could be done. If the money was to bo kept sacred for Immigration puiposes, there must be an alteration of the Audit Act. As ti altering tho immigration system, that could be done by calling in ques- tion the existing regulations, and not other, wise. Until the regulations wera amended, the Government could not proceed on ans other; and if the operation of those regula tions did not ab«orb the whole of the fund the balance would have to lap3o. Ha had ne objection to furnish tho returns asked for. The motion was then carried, THE LAND ACT AMENDMENT BILL. On the Assembly's message, stating thal certain of tho amendments made by thi Council hod been agreed with, &o;,, Mr. MITCHELL inquired if this was the only message received from the Assembly' The 85th joint standing order provided thai when one House disagreed with the amend ments made by nnother the reasons for sucl disagreement should bo sont up. It wa: highly advisable that this order should be acted upon, as much time would ba savdd li the Council knew upon what grounds hon membeis elsewhere had acted. Ho movec that a message ho sent to the Legislativ« Assembly, asking, in accordance with thi joint standing orders, for the reasons or which the Council's amendments had beer disagreed with. Mr. HEBVEYdoubted if the hon. membor', reading of the standing orders was the corree one. If It were, he could only say that it wa opposed to the practice of tho Council. Wher tho two Houses could not agree, It was cu3' tomary to ask for a joint committee, to meei and confer ; but these conferences seldom lee to any result-neither party convluced thi other-and in this instance thoy had not ar rived at the stage when thoy could ask fo: one. He hoped that the motion was sub mittod with a good purpose, and no other. The PRESIDENT admitted that the stand ing orders, if read alone, required the adop tion of the course the hon. member (Mr Mitchell) had suggested. According to thi latest edition otMuy, however, it was option» for either House to send reasons or not, aa< this was tho practice which had been foi lowed here. Mr. FAWKNER urged hon. membara ti act^straightforwardly, and to proceed wltl the amendments. They should remoraba they were on the eve of a crisis. Somethini else was coming up soon-something whicl he trusted the House, representing as it die the intelligence and property of tue colony would treat as it deserved. Mr. SLADEN repelled the insinuation tha the promoters of the postponement had i sinister object in view. The Assembly hoc dealt very briefly with tho mutter. No rloub sufneimt reasons wero Btatod in the Lovva House for disagreeing with many of thi Council's amendment?, but unfortunately th> press had neglected to report these, and thi consequence was that it was not known whj bon. members of tho Assembly took thi course thoy did. They wero in a difficulty and tho standiug orders pointod the way oui of it. Either the standing orders wero to bi obeyed, or they wero valueless. The PRESIDENT remarked that though i was not compulsory ou the House to ask thi Astembly for ita reasons, yet It had a perfec liberty to do so if it chose. After a further discussion, tho motion wa withdrawn, and the consideration of thi amendments was proceeded with. Mr. HERVEY moved that the Council di not Insist upon Its amendment in clause 6 allowing volunteers to trnnsfer their lane grants. Mr. LOWE strongly objected. The gran was in faot a money grant, and it was foolial to prevent volunteers from making uso of i as such. Mr. FELLOWS said it did not matta either woy. Tho clamo read tho saini whether tho amendment was made or not. The amendment was not insisted upon. Tho amendment m ado in clause 21, pro viding that the term for which forfeited un selected and unloosed lands shall ramah open for selection, previous to being sole by auction, shall be one year instead of thrai years, was adhered to, on a division, by i majority of fifteen to twelve. The following is the division list, on thi question that tho amendment* be not in sisted upon : CONTENTS. Mr. Colo Mr. JJcrroy Mr. Miller \- Fawkner - Jenner - Pottctt \- Fraser - Lowo - Wilkie ,'- Henty, J. - M'Crao - Williams. NON-CONTENTS. Mr. Bear Mr. Fitzgerald Mr. Mitchell \- Black - Dcgrav-e» - Murphy \- Campbell - Henty, 8. O. - Sladen \- Clarke - Highett - Strachan \- Fellow« - Hull - Taylor. On tho amendments malo in clanse 23, Mr. STRACHAN expressed hU opinion that, if a proper explanation had been given, the Assembly would have noceptcd those amendments. It was surely much more con- venient for travellers that they should bo allowed to enter at the appointed place, and go over the run as they liked, instead of being confined to a narrow fenced way. Yet they would be confined in this manner if all the roads in the country wero to be fencjd io. Ho could understand the propriety of protecting proclaimed roads, but surely this waa enough. After a discussion, io which Messrs. Fel- lows, Sladen, and Loavb took part, the House divided on tho question, "that the amendments ba not insisted upon," when there appeared Contents .9 Non-contents.l8 Majority for the amendments... 9 The folloAving is the division-list : CONTENTS. Mr. Colo Mr. Hcrvoy Mr. Potott \- Fawkner - Jonnor - AVilklo \- Fitzgerald - M'Crao - AVllllams. NON-CONTENTS. Mr. Bear Mr. Fraser Mr. Millor \- Black - Honty, J. - Miteholl - \- Campton - Honty, S. G. - Murpliv \- Clarko - Hlghott - Sladon \- Degraves - Hull - St'nellan \- Follows - Lowo - Taylor. Mr. SLADEN moved that tíow clause D b3 insisted upon. It provided that wheu a road intersecting the land of one proprietär wai not required for publiouse, the Board of Land and Works might grant a pastoral lease to the said proprietor. This arrangement, the hon. member contended, would bo a great boon to landlords, and would not injure tho public. On a division, the motion wís negativod by a mojorlty of sixteen to eleven. Mr. MITCHELL moved that the omission in the 29th clause of the word "cultivation" from the list of "substantial and psrtntnent itnprovemon's," ba insisted upon. Ho had seen an instance only the other day In which the improvements under this head were certi- fied to as equal to £7 per acre. It behoved the House to set its face against such trans- parent shams. Mr. HERVEY urged the House not to b3 so inconsistent as to encourage cultivation in the one part of the bill and discourage it in the other. Mr.lCLARKE maintained that cultivation was a great injury to the land. Ho could speak confidently on this point, as he had to reduce largely the rents ot the lands he had leased to farmers, in consequence of its becoming impoverished. He knew one case where cultivated land did not fetch half the rent obtained for land which had not been oc- cupied. Mr. JENNER suggested that the Council should make cultivation a misdemeanour. Other countries flourished by cultivation and by manufactures, and if they wore to go on repressing both here, the country must be- come a Bheepwalk. Mr. STRACHAN denied that cultivation could be regarded as a " permanent and sub- stantial improvement." Mr. COLE read an extract from a speech delivered by Sir Francis Murphy in the old Legislative Council during the debate on the Constitution Act. He cou toad ed that, by hampering agricultural settlement in the way it was asked to do, the Council would realize all the fears expressed by Sir Fruncís Murphy, that it would be an obstacle to legis- lation, and a tool ia the hands of the squatters Mr. LOWE said that the cases in which cultivation Avas a curse were those in which wealthy men loased their lands at rates which compelled the wretched farmer to Buck the very juice out of the soil. Proper culti- vation, as he had told the House beforo, was a blessing. After some remarles from Mr. Hull and Mr. Campbell, who opposed the motion, Mr. MITCHELL consented to withdraw it. Mr. HERVEY expressed a hone that the repenl of clause 41 of tho Land Act of 1832 would not be insisted upon. The Council had proposed a liberal experiment, and if the Assembly could not see its way to doing so there was no occasion to differ. A division was then taken, and by a ma- jority of 15 to 12 it was resolved not to insist upon the amendment. The amendments made in clauso 31, fixing the term during which agricultural lands shall remain open for selection before baing Bold by auction at one year, instead of three years, were insisted upon. ' Mr. SLADEN moved that the Council do not insist upon tho new clause, G, which he had introduced. Ho did not feel called upon to jeopardise the bill by insisting upon these amendment?. The time he trusted would come when public opinion would flow in a more healthy channel, when the existing insane jealousy of capital would die out, when common sense would rule, and when money would be allowed its free course of investment. Perhaps, now that the subject had been brought forward, tho public would consider the great advantages which would accrue from giving freedom to capital, and would be prepared to adopt some such policy as he had proposed. The motion was agreed to. Mr. FELLOAVS moved that the amend- ment in the 36th clause, repealing the 47th or novel industries clause of the Land Act of 1862, be insisted upon. The House divided, when there appeared Contents .15 Non-contents . 11 Majority against the novel in- dustries clause ... ... ... 4 The following is the division-list : CONTENTS. Mr. Bear Mr. Frosor Mr. Millor \- Black - Honty, S. 0. - Sladon \- Campbell - Highett - Strachan \- Degraves - Lowo - Taylor \- Fellows - Miteholl - AVilltie. NON-CONTENTS. Mr. Ciarko Mr. Henty, J. Mr. Murphy \- Colo - Horvoy - Pettott \- Fawkner - Jenner - William«. \- Fitzgerald - M'Crao Mr. FELLOWS moved that the amend- ments in clause 48 be insisted upon. The clause referred to commons, and the amend- ments provided that in cases where commons . were no longer required for public purposes the land should revett back to the former occupier at a fair rental. Mr. HERVEY stated that, as the question in dispute was at present tho subject of an appeal to tho House of Lirda, the Govern- ment proposed, if i he Council did not insist upon itsamendmonts, toinsortn,clause which would leave matters in statu quo. The House divided, when there appeared Contents .14 Non-contents .13 Majority for theamendments... 1 The following ie the division-list : CONTENTS. Mr. Bear Mr. Highett Mr. Strachan \- Black - Hull - Taylor \- Campbell - Miller - AVilklo \- Clarke - Mitchell - AVllllams. \- Follows - Sladen N0N-C0NTENT3. Mr. Colo Mr. Honty, S. Q, Mr. Lowo \- Degraves - Honty, J. - M'Crao \- Fawkner - Hcrvoy - Murphy \- Fitzgerald - Jennor - Pottott. \- Fraser The amendment made by the Assembly in new clause L, repealing the restriction that no member of n shira council or road board should be appointed a manager of commons under such board, was disagreed with. The remainder of the amendments made by the Assembly wore adopted. Mr. HERVEY asked if tho House would .wish to send the Assembly tho Teasons why it bad disagreed with certain of the Asssm bly's amendments?. Mr. LOWE hoped not.' The Assembly had dispensed with reasons, and the case was one of g1 vo and take. Mr. HERVEY suggested-that a conference should be held that evening. The PRESIDENT sold it was usual for reasons to be given by the one House, and to be pronounced insufficient by the other, be- fore a conference was asked for. Mr. FELLOWS proposed that the debate should be adjourned, in order that a com- mittee might be appointed to draw up the reasons on which the Council had acted. After a short discussion, Mr. HERVEY said that he thought the Connell might very well adopt tho UBual course, and send the bill back at once. The Council had given the amendments careful consideration, and had made large conces- sions. Doubtless, the Assembly would recog- nise this, and would discuBS the Council s amendments at such length as would allow hon. membars to oîcertaia what the objec- tions were to them. A message was thon ordered ti bo trans- mitted to tho Legislative Assembly, inform- ing it that tho Council did not iu6Ut upon certain of its amendments, and did insist upon others. Tho remainder of tho business wa3 post- poned ; and the House adjourned at twenty minutes to seven o'clock. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, Marok 14. ' The Speaker took the chair at half-past four o'clock. MESSAGES FROM THE GOVERNOR. .' Mr. HIGINBOTHAM presented messagos from His Excellenoy tho Governor, recom- mending the introduction of bills to amend the laws relating to the Post Oflica, lunacy, abattoirs, the sale of liquors, and insolvency ; and that the fees or imposts provided for in tho several bills be appropriated In accord- ance with the provisions thereof. The lion, mombsr gave notice that, next day, he would move that the House resolve itself into com- mittee to consider the messages. NOTICES OP MOTION. Mr. M'CULLOOH gave notice that, on tho following day, ho would movti for leave to introduce a bill to amend the Chinese Immi- gration Statute, 1864. Mr. HOPKINS gave notice that, .on the following day, ho would movo that the cor- respondence between the Roads and Bridges department and tho Barrabool Road Board, laid upon the table on the 1st lost., be printed. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM gave notice that, on the following day, ho would move that a call of the House be made on Thursday, the 23rd iust. Mr. SULLIVAN gave notice that, next day, he would move for leave to introduce a bill to remove doubta as to the validity of certain mining bye-laws. UNQUALIFIED VACCINATORS. Mr. L.L. SMITH asked the Chief Secretary, which were the different districts where un- qualified practitioners wore acting as public vaccinators ? Mr. M'OULLOOn laid a return on tho table furnishing the information asked for. CONSTITUTION LAWS CONSOLIDATION BILL. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM moved for loave to introduce a bill to consolidate the laws,re iating to the constitution of tho Parliament of Victoria. In doing so, he stated that on the second reading it was his intention to move that the_ bill be referred to a select com- mittee, as the subject was ono of very great importance. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was brought in and read a first tims. GRANT IN AID OF CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS. In reply to Mr, Harker, Mr. VERDON stated that ho was prepared to make an advance to the charitable insti- tutions, on account of the grant in aid for the present year, to the extent of one-third of tho amount granted last yoar. PRIVILEGE.-FBAOAS IN THE REFRESHMENT ROOMS. Mr. M'OANN ro3e and said-Mr. Speaker, I regret that it is my duty to call the atten- tion of the House to a gross breach of tho privileges of the House committed the other evening, in the smoking-room, by the bon. member for Sandhurst, Mt. Howard. I may stat«. Mr. Speaker, that it was a breach of piivilege committed on mysolf within the precincts of the House, in consequence of something that occurred during a debate in tho House. On tho oososion referred to, I went upstairs into the refreshment-room?, and there I found the hon. member for Sandhurst (Mr. Howard), the hou. membîr for Gipp3 Lind (Mr. Snodgrass), the bon. member for St. Kilda (Mr. Crews), tho hoa. member for South Bourke (Mr. O'Grady), and one or two other bon. memberj, whoso names I do not recollect. The hon. mem- ber for Sandhurst, addressing me, with- out any previous conversation, stated that I need not have taken so much pains to inform the House I was going to voto with tho Government, because I was compelled to vote for them. Further conversation fol- lowed, and ultimately a most unorovokod assault was committed on me. I do not think that it is necessary for rae to mentiou the details to the House. I prefer that other hoD. members should do so who wore present, and who eau describa moro accurately than possibly I can do, what occurred. I cm ouly say that it isamatter I feel it my duty to bring before the House. If this sort of thing is to be tolerated-If hon. members aro not to ba free to express nn opinion in the House with- out being treated in this manner-it is cer- tainly time every gentleman left this As- sembly. I am perftctly contant to abi le by tbc statements of some of the bon. memb.-w who were present on the occasion. There wero one or twohon. mombars who seemed to glory in seeinR an indignity put upou a p )li tical opponent ; but possibly I w.ia not a good judge of what occurred. However, in reference to thomnjorlty of the hon. membira present, I may state that I shall be porfeetly content with a statement of tho facts from their Ups. The lion, member for S'. Kilda (Mr. Crews), and .the hon. member for South Bourke (Mr. O'Grady), aro both now in the House, and they will give a fair and imp irtlal account of what occuirid. With their state- ment I shall be perfectly content ; and I will now submit myeeli to the protection of the Houeo. Mr. HOWARD was abjut the mako some observations, when Tho SPEAKER interpised, and intimated that before the hon. membar for Sandhurst addressed the House it was necessary that some bon. member should state what the cir- cumstances were. Mr. CARPENTER aBked whether the re- freshment-rooms wore within the precincts of theHoUBD? The SPEAKER said tho hon. member for Castlemaine was not in order in asking the question. The hon. member for South Grant had appealed to other hon. members to state what occurred, and if they were willing to do so, well and good. Mr. CREWS was in the refreshment-room on the night referred to, when the hon. mem- ber for South Grant came in and was ad- dressed by the hou. member for Sandhurst. Some conversation ensued, to which he(Vtr. Crews) did not pay very close attention ; but he uuderstood the hou. member for Sand- hurst to accuse tho bon. membar for South Grant of beiDg connected with the Reform League, which that bon. member repudiated. After some further conversation, tho lion, member for South Grant asked the hoa. member for Sandhurst to explain what he meant. Mr. Howard lefusod to do so ; where- upon Mr. M'Cann said that-if any gentle- man mado an insinuation against another, and was not prepared to give an explanation, he acted cowardly. Mr. Howard said-" Do you apply that to me?'' and, to the bast of his (Mr. Crews'e) recollection, Mr. M'Cann replied " I do." It was then that the asBault took place. (Hear, hear.) Mr. O'GRADY submitted that, as tho matter had occurred outside the four walls of the house, it could not possibly be a breach of privilege, The SPEAKER explained that anything which occurred outside of tho house-no matter where-might be a breach of privilege if it were connected with what an hon. mem- ber bad auld or done in tho house. Mr. O'GRADY believed that the statement mado by the hon. member for South Grant, as to the remarks which wero addressed to him by Mr. Howard, was not in strict accord- ance with the facts. A general, and appa- rently jocular, discussion was carried on in the refreshment-room, previous to tho division for going into commlttoe of supply, by soma half-dczen members, whon the bon. membar for South Grant entered the room, and took up a position close to tho chair in which hu (Mr. O'Grady) sat. In a jocular way, each member was attributing motlveB to the others for tho votos which they wera obout to give. Ile hoped that ho would bo excused going into particulars, which would not be very pleasant to the public. (Laughter,) The bon. member for Portland (Mr. Macpherson) stated that bo was bound to give his votó against the Government, and that ho had got "a slant." (Laughter.) An insinuation waa made that the bon. member for East Melbourne would voto against the Govern- ment under any circumstances. That was the state of things which existed when the hon. member for South Grant joiuod in the conversation, which had no reference to any- thing that transpired in the Hous3. The hon. member for Sandhurst told the hon. member for South Grant that ho would vote against the Government, because he belonged to the Reform League. Mr. M'Can n said that he was not a member of it, and that he did not subscribo to it; and Mr. Howard replied that perbnp3 it was quite the other way. Some- thing also was said about £60 being spent for an election in Gipps Land. He men- tioned these mattera to show the insignificant character of the conversation. However, the hon. member for Sandharst said something which the bon. member for South Grant considered to be a reflection upon him ; and tho latter hon, member atked for an explanation, saying tint any man who insinuated what ho daro not assert was a coward. The hon, member for Sand- hurst waited a moment, and then said, " Do you mean that to apply to me personally ?" The reply was, "You may take it which way you like;" whereupon the hon. membar for Sandhurst sprang from the Beat on which hs was sitting to the hon. member for South Grant. He (Mr. O'Grady) did not see any personal punishment or infliction whatever : but he looked round to see what was going OD, and he heard the hon. member for Sand- hurst fay, "Now you may consider your noso well pulled." (Laughter.) He had now gi ven as fair a statement of the circumstances as ho could possibly give ; and he must expr<wS uia regret tbat the matter had been brough^ \¡a. fore tho House. ', . J The SPEAKER stated that \the J"ie of Parliament was very rarely to imi.ffere ia tho private quarrels of bon. members ; and it had never interfered in recent titnps, except in cases in which members had quarrelled in conversation in connexion with somethini? which had bien Bnid in debate, or which had cccuried during the progress of the business of the nouse. It would now be for tho House to judge for itself whether this was a cbbb in which it ought to interfere. Mr. M'CANN informed the House that he was not present when the conversation referred to by the bon. member for South Bourke (Mr. O'Grady) took pluce. He had only just entered the refreshment-room when the bon. member for Sandhurst addressed his ob'trvatioris to him ; and the first remark which the bon. member made was, that he need not have been at such pains to explain to tho HouBe that ho was going to roto fur tho Government, because ho was obliged to do so. That was tho fiist remark made to him, and of which he complained. He asked the hon. member for Sandhurst in what respect he w<w obliged to vote for the Government ; nnd hu referred to " that society." He (Mr. M'Cann) asked what society, and the non. member for Sandhurst said the society of which Mr. Jenner was the bead. He then told the hon. member that he was not even a member of that society. The SPEAKER said the bon. member for South Grant had already had an opportunity of stating his case. PerhapB the House would now consider it nec- ssary to hear the hon. member for Sandhurst ; but it appoared to him to be a case in which the House ought not to interfere. Mr. M'OANN stated that in the course which ho had taken he had acted under tho advice of the Chief Secretary. (" Oh, ob.") Mr. M'OULLOCH regretted exceedingly that the matter had been brought before tho House. He thought that it affected the dignity of the House to a considerable extent, and that unless there was a very clear and decided case of insult arising out of a debite, or something occurring in the houso, no private dispute between hon. members ought to be brought undeT the notice of the House. It should be remembered that what occurred would not ba confined within the four walls of the house, but would go through the colony-in fact, over the whole world; and would tend to lower the position of the Assembly. On reflection, the hon. member for South Grant would seo that ho did cot advise him to take the coursa which he had taken. The bon. member came to him (Mr. M'Culljcb) on Thursday evening, and narrated the circumstances of theail'air, nnd asked him to tako tho matter up, and bring it under the consideration of the House. He strongly urged the bon. member to take time to consider and weigh well all the circumstances of the cjso beforo he de- termined to take any action in the matter, lie strongly urged the hou. member not to pro- ceed rashly ; but, at the same time, he told bim that, if he made out a case to show that he had been insulted in 'connexion with any- thing arbing out of the debate3 of the House, he (Mr. M'Cullocb) would be prepared to talco the cou i Fe provided for in the rules of pro- cedure of such an assembly. (Hear, hear,) If the hou. member for South Grant wjro correct iu staling that the hon. member for Sandhurst told him that there was no necessity for his explaining to the House in what way b i intended to v.ita because he was obliged to vote for tho Go- vernment, that would be a direct interference with the liberty of on hon. member of the House. If an hon. member insinuated that another hou. member voted from corrupt mo- tives, it would be the duty of the House to protect that hou. member from such insinua- tions. Ho should bo glad if the lion, mom'jors for St. Kilda and South Bourke could state clearly what were the remarks addressed by the hon. member for Sandhurst to the hon. member for South Grant. Mr. CREWS was not previously aware of the necessity of being very precise as to the conversation. Mr. Howard did say something about Mr. M'Cann being obliged to voto for tho Government, but he (Mr. Crews) thought that the remark was made in a jocular style; and he was not in a position to stite dis tinctly and clearly, word for word, what iras said. Mr. SNODGRASS Aval present when the conversation took place ; aud he could assure the House that the bon. member for St. Kilda was mistaken in eupposiog that the bon. member for Sandhurst made any in- sinuation against the bon. member for South Grant. So far from that being the oso, the hon. member for Sandhurst apparently jus- tified the course which the bon. member for South Grant was about to take. His word*;, were to tho effect that "Everybody knows j that you will vote for the protection party ' just as I shall vote with the free traders." Het believed those were the very words. The bon. | member for Sandbun-t also chargid Mr.« M'Cann with belonging to the Reform Lengue;f and the bon. member indignantly denied it,ia and stated that be never pubscribed tait: tots which Mr. Howard replird. " I never sus-fS ptcted you of doing so." (Laughter.) Simsfli lurther conversation took place ; but ho (\fr.jl ( Snodgrass) understood it to be of a j ikia^V 1 nature, until the hon. member for SjatliJ [ Grant said to the bon. member for Sandautíta I that a man who insinuated what ho would nota Î express was a coward. The hon. member« p for Sandhurst acted Avith great forbearance;]! instead of seriously resenting the inaultj offered to him, he contented himself wltttl « simply going through a certain form, wilbla j1 bad already been explained to the Ilou-al » (Cries of " Withdraw," " Question," aaw ,cf " Howaid.") i y Mr. HOWARD roso in hi« place, and sal« r -The case has been very well stated bv tb i bon. members who have addressed the lions on tho subject; but there are one or t» miBtakcB which tboy haA'e made. I di Lot address the bon. member for Sout Grant first. I am not ia the habit i addressing the bon. membar for Smth Brun The hon. member made an observation »bl! I was explaining the reasons why I thom vote ngainBt the Government. He c ntoadí that my reasons were not what I state I said I would not look at the question in I constitutional aspect, but simply ns affected free trade or protection, lie 8 that he was not influenced by tho wrote tionist party, and that his vote fur ti Government would begiven for someotherrí son than because he was a protectionist. I'll is one correction which I wish to m »ko in ** ti '" ii« Hi. statements which have been malo to House. I did not addres3 the hoc. mc-mrf. for South Grant lint. That is a most i portant fact. And I also wish to Btata t exhibited perhaps moro forbearance th ever exercised in my life. It was the ast jni ment I felt at having an allegation app ! to me such as few men-would have tuli so calmly as I did, that kept me qur (Laughter.) When the hon. member s that a man was a coward who made an. sinuation which he dare not state plain j asked him if he meaut any personal op?h tlon to me ; and ho repeated it calmly, o distinctly. I then (oak his probóse« ih gently as a nurse would take a newIy-D . child. (Laughter.) I trld the hon./neml h to underetand these two reasons-.--First,; the hon member gave the pro vocal ion; w^ secondly, that, after he wus warned, he -¡0 peated it. ? The SPEAKER BuggeBted that the i member for Sandhurst should now wundi from the House. Mr. HOWARD at onco.withdrew. Mr. M'OULLOCH rernarked that it w*sj~ duty of tho House to carefully guard «gai ¡¡ the use of any language of personal nt»"|iu hon. members, either within or without«,,, House. Every member ought to coni himself a« one gentleman Avould ¡lo tw another. If the statement made by me member for St. Kilda were true, tint hon. member for Sandhurst had cha«« M'Cann with being obliged to a ota fJ Government, no doubt such a rern«k«L be very irritating; but he (Mr. M '"JMÄf had no desire to press tho miller w «c The facts of tho case had njt u»9««T so clearly as he had expected; bat ne » It reneatthathe thought hon. members ough to be carefully protected against any im proper insinuations. The House would pro Kv,lv be g'ad to have tho opinion of thi Sneaker as to whether they ought to take an] steps upon tha statements which had beer Mr' MACPHERSON said the affair hac nothing whatever to do with anything thai «courted in connexion with tho House, 01 with tiny vote. The whole quarrel arosi from an insinuation made by.tho hon. mern ber for Sandhurst, that the hon. member foi South Grant was connected with the Rsform Lilien- rd *Imt tntro were 80m0 ti»0» whirli '>, .,.3 lur-t as well should not ha pub «civ '.' m?:'. Air. M'Cann said he had nevei eul'i "io"! t-> *>^B isosue, and Mr. Ho ware1 sa'd' ii v « worn likely to be the other way Tint, ¡"ui.rk uadu the hon. member foi So ti. (mut Hrllgnanr, and that was thi finit Unie 2uy fenling was displayed. Mr iU'i.ii { v.asnot present on the occa iion icfe-r'rd te : and regretted tho discussion -ivhVli had iir'-on in connexion with it a« äntui as anv li»n. member could do. Thorc wai or.'y olo thins to be regretted more than the id tl'.it ti.) matter had been brough! for' ne!, .1 inelv. that it had not been dealt -with f;.'iii'' '. >ii urmly. If the House had car f'.lly h-'i' n*'J t0 'ho statements made by the - irions lion, members who wero present, the.v .-.onlil Fi-e tbatagross outrago had been peri ? ' re.1' à in-o:i tho hon. member for S juth Gro'it, Ti.o lan speaker stated_ that an in sinii'ition vviu,inadej»8 to the political honesty oft . hou. member for South Grant. ("No, no.' I hi hon. member certainly stated that vtbi Mr. M'Cann denied that ho was asub gcti : to I ho Reform League, Mr. Howard find " 't wea the other wny." That was a diiect iLsinuation that the bon. member for South Giant was paid by the League for his services. No Lou. member could put any other construction on tho lunguage. Mr. M'Cann (old Mr. Howard that il a man could not sub- stantiate what ho hnd insinuated he wa3 a .coward. There waB not a member of the Ilcviso who would not endorso that senti- ment. 1 he remark of the bon. member for South Grant was exceedingly moderate, and jet lie was immediately insulted In the most gross rnanmr. The defence which the hon. Beinber for Sandhurst had now made waB an addition to that intuit. It was well known that certain members of the Houeo ftnclcd they belonged to a moro wealthy etas than others, and thought that they had an ricluslve right to the refreshment roon». If that sort ot thing were allowed, It would be unsafe for ccitain hon. members to go to tte refreshment rooniB unless they weut in half- dozens at a time. (" No, no ;" and laughter.) Generally speaking, if an hon. member of the noeition or cast of character of tho lion, mimber for South Grant, who did not usually go to the refreshment-rooms, went there, ho found fivo or six other members of a different class present, and he was completely in their power. (Ho newed laughter.) If the House wished to deal fairly and firmly with thi-) case -if it were a breach of privilege-they would deal with the hon. member for Sand- hurst ns they had dealt with tho bon. mem- ber for South Bourka (Mr. L, L. Smith) on a femur occasion. Thoy ought to deal ovan banded justice to nil hon. members, no nutter ia what part of the House thoy sat, Hy ex- pected that the Guvtrnmenr, us the pr.ip;r custodians of matters of tills kind, would have come forward in some way to protect bon. members in the votes which they give. If bon. members found that they were not protected, the next result was clear. The hon. member for South Grant having failed in this instance, no other hon. member would care-no matter what might take placo- to brit g a similar caBO before the House. Mr. niGINBOTHAM suggested that this «s Ibu difficulty before tho House-Was (bia case of 6uch a nature as to justify the Hou6e in dealing with it ? Tho House had coff before it the statements of several hon. members, including those of tho two bon. members most concerned. He confessed that, itthoso statements were gono into, It would appear that much had been said which almost contained matter calling for the formal interference of the House. Ho had heard tho statement of tho hon. member for Sandhurst with considerable pain; at the same time ho did not think that the statement! of the bon. members who had beon present showed with sufficient distinctness that tho difference vv a3 ona that would bring it within the class of cases in reference to which it was held that there was a breach of tho privileges ofthe lloupe. There was no exact evidence on this point, but the preponderance-the weight of evidence-seemed to incline to tho conclusion that this difficulty did not arise out of nny voto given by the hon. mombar for South Grant, or any act done by him in this Rouse. The Speaker had been under- stood to decide that only in reference to wcidsBpoken respecting a voto given ia tho Honsc could there be any interference ; and he asked bon. members to say if they were satisfied that tho quarrel aroBe out of a ques- tion of that kind. The hon. member for wrath Bourke seemed to bo of opinion that me uispute had no reference to any vote ; and an bon. member on his (Mr. Higiabjtuam'b) fido of tho IIouso gavo also aomowhat doubtful testimony on the point ; but, In viovv of all these etutt-ments, it would oppear that lhere was not sufficient to satisfy; tho House Ibat this matter waa one of which it could l»ke cognizance. If it were, he should bo prepared to give his opinion on the facts dio closed, and vote in' accordance therewith. Before silting down, he would state that ho was present when tho hon. momber for South Grant spoke to the Chief Secretary, on last Thursday night ; and cortuinly he novar leard his bon. colleugue give any promise to the hon. member on that occisión. The hon. meuib.r was in a state ot great excite- ment- vciy natural excitement-and seemed to bu deposed to edi tho attention of tho Speaker tu the matter on the moment. The Chiel Secretary dissuadod him from that course, ami earnestly entreated him to tako a moment when he was sufficiently calm to bring the question fully aud fairly before tho Hou6e. Certainly not in his (Mr. Higin botham'e) hearing-and he was by-was any promise of the kind mentioned given. Mr. GILLIES had been present on the oc- casion referred to, and desired to direct atten- tion to the very nmteiial distinction already laid down as to be horne in mind in questions of this kind. The distinction laid down by tho Speaker depended altogether upon too character of tho evidenco; and ho believed that any hon. member who had listened to tbe statements of those »bo were present during the affair must undoubtedly come to the conclusion that the assault under discussion did not arise on any statement made by the hou. member for Sandhurst, that people generally had a pretty good iden of how the bon. member for South Grant would vote. It was from a subsequent statement- made after a considerable time, indeed-that the disputo nroso ; and it would be well that tho Bouse should know some of the circumstances which bud hitherto been kept out of sight. Anumber of gentlemen were sltting.tosother, chatting and joking among themselvos about the admitted probable Tesult of the voting that night ; and several things wero said to the bon. member for East Melbourne, lu joke «rid in the tone and spirit of badin ige, vraioh had ho chosen to resent or take literally would liavo led probably to o very serlouB tspute. That joking was going on before 0 bon. member for South Grant came luto. 0 refreshment-room nt nil. For instance, the hon. member for East Melbourne had [stated that it was not his intention to vote on the question at all ; and he was iokçd about being really afraid to vote against theGovernment. Every thing wa3being -¿POKen in jest when tha hon. member for pouth Grant came in. Parenthetically, he «nght say, that hon. member came in upon a set of gentlemen quietly talking among themselves, without any dispnte having pre- viously arisen. Ile stepped in between the ¿on. member for South Bourke and tho hon. »ember for East Melbourne, stood and Mtened to tho conversation, and then joined '». Now, hon. members should bear this iu mnd, that if the hon. member for South want, or any other bon. member, choso to Join in a conversation conducted and carried «n In n spirit of joke, and if any other hon. member choso to say anything in a spirit of I1 ja-H ^0 '10n> lucmber wbo carno in re Ï 11 X VaB offensive-at tho same time «aU'Df.' ,jio thing personal-the offensive Savage p^uBt bo taken as part of tho jocular iifïi ?atlon- l'he Honte should regard the Wr from beginning to end. The oonversa Ti) and statements applying to the hon. oeniber for EnBt Melbourne were received T 'Ho spirit in which tho remarks wore Í1 .i ond" of course, that hon. member KoetltneBi turned again on those who "«a joking with him, and sometimes flw back as good as what he got. 'oat originated the disputo were some ro k,n made between the hon. member for f£,imral ttnd the non- member for South J'JJti respecting various public bodies out «Boors, which wero on one sido or the other 2m«Ít ,ad seating protection or free trade. 2» ho h.0D- member for Sandhurst to the Somber for South Grant, " Ob, it's very 111 Known that you oro connected with the Protection Leoguo" "No," said tho bon. member for South Grant, ' I am not a mem- ber of the Protection League, and never sub senbed ono ponny to it " Said the bon. member for Sandhurst, "No person charged you with subscribing to the league, people would rather suppose 11 was the other Avay, In fact, if we are to believe what we hear, it is a matter of notoriety that the thing is the other way." " Well," said tho hou member for South Grant, "I don't know what you mean." Said the bon. member for Sand- hurst, ' I don't much mind " Bud the hon member for South Grant, 'Any gentleman who makes an insinuation and does not clearly Etate Avhat he means by that insinuation in doing what is very improper " " Oil," said the hou. member for Sandhurst, " that may be a general rule, but thore is no general rule without exe ptions " The hon members present on the occasion should be acquainted with the illustration used by tho hen member for Sandhurst, but it was not nrcistnrv to repeat it liera Tho hon mem- ber for South Giant followed it upby stating that uny poison who made an insinuation and did not state wbatitmeant wasacoward '1 he bon member for Sandhurst looked at the timo as a man in a state of utter asto nishment The hon. member for South Grant seemed not satisfied with what he had said-he looked straight in tbe face of the bon member for Sandhurst, and in clear anl emphatic tone?, about Avhich there could be no doubt, repeated the statement The bon mimber for Sandhurst again looked in a state tf the moat perfect astonishment, and asked the bon. member for South Graut, m quite a culm tone, whether it was possible that that re- mark was made personally The bon mombor foi South Grant stated, in a nay which could not be misundtrt-tood, that the remark might be token offenbively or in any w*y that the hon member thought proper There being no doubt about that intention, tho lion, member for Sandhurst proceeded to do what was ceitainly a gross affrout, and one that told the hon. member for South Grant plainly and emphatically that it was be- cause ho bad made an insulting remark on a matter which ongluated in joke, and that similar remarks, not a bit more unpleasant having been mndo before in joke, over and over again, to take tho matter up in that way Avas an insult not to bo put up with. The bon. member for SondhurBt sprang on the other hon member, and. as far as hu (Mr. Gilllef) could seo, touched his nooo The hon memtcr fur East Melbourne then sprang betvtetn them, and prevented any further disputo , and that was tho whole matter from beginning to end. He (Sir G IIIiob) stated this much because, rhether it was proper or im- proper for the bon member for Sandhurst first to make an insinuation, and then for the bon member for South Grant to make another statement, and that toba resented in the manner it Avnp, still nothing took place Ju any Avny connected with what had occuired in the ehambei, or that Avas to be done there. It was a personal dispute, arising out of an insinuation made as to tho bon. member for South Grant's connexion with a certain asso cintion be) ond the walls of that chamber, and a direct insult by the hou. member for South Giant. Mr COHEN was present at the unfortunate row in the refreshment room A number of bon membtrs wero theie enjoying them- selves for about half an hour, saying sharp things to each othet, ard punning All that was taken in good part and bon members enid things to himself in the w..y of badi nage that they would no moro dine to say to bim seriously than he dare hay such things to them seriously. Thoa the bon mcrnbsi for South Grant came in, stood amongst tho group and in the end joined in tho conversa tioii Tho company bid no intention of du parting from tho jccular strain because that hon. member had como amongst them , and the bon member for Sandhurst said to linn, ' Oh, a\o know which wy you will vote you bolong to the Protection League, and will vote with the Government " The hon momber said ho did not belong to that lojgua The bon number fer Sandhurst said it Avas no matter if ho did-chaffing him in that way. The hoD. member for South Grant said any mau Avho made an insinuation or mode an assertion of which ho gave no proof «asa cowiid The bon member tor feand huist locked him m the face, but the other bon member only repeated his reniant The hon member for Sandhurst then said, " Did you mean to apply that personally in any shape ' ' and the other replied, " You can take it as you like " That was the first thing that },ave him (Mr Cohen) any idea that anybody bul lott his temper. Then the lion member for Sandhurst rose from his seat, and pulled, cr rather touched, the other hon member's loec--it could not have been much That was nil that occuired They had all been talkiug in a jocular strain, and it was not till the bon member for South Grant made hw per- sonal remark that tbero was the slightest in- dication of anything that might lead to a Jracas It was a great pity a mattei liko this fchould be brought before the House. Mr HARKER moved that the House pro cetd to the next order of tho day. (Hear, hear ) '1 he House had had quite enough ot this qutbtion. (Hear, hear) No doubt Doth partita had bein to blame in the matter, and be thought tho hon member tor Sindnurst should have icported the offensive language, rather than have taken such means to resent it He Avas Eorry two geutlemeu, members of that House, bhould have been parties to such a disgraceful sceno as this appeared to bo. All knew how people in the mother country were ready to take OAery opportunity to take notice of such a thing It would bo roported in the English press, and might be made use of to do an Injury to the country Both bon. membeis weie known to have Infirmi ties of temper, which might bo called conBtl tutional, but having beeu brought undor the notice ot the House, that might be the meaus of putting un end to this affair. Mr. SANDS seconded the motion Mr MICHIE thought this desultory dis- cussion hud been continued longer than any one desired It appeared to him that tAvo pointH bad been raised-the firot, whether the matter should come within the cognisance of the ¡speaker, andBccond, which ot the parties concerned admmisterod the first oilenslve ob soivation or insult ta the other The first point would, of courue, bo left to the Speaker, who would be the pioper authority to decide whether the dispute arose out of some thing which took place outside the walls of tho house, or approximate thereto As to the other point, it Avoutd perhaps have been better had the hon. momber tor West Ballarat refrained from making any observation So far from that boo member maktLg a successful effort to pour oil on the troubled waters, he seemed to desire to give his report in a partisan spirit, which ought not to bu done in cases like these Till tnat bon member spoke he (Mr. Michie) did not think anybody supposed that the bon mem- ber for Sandhurst had substantially charged the bon member for South Grant with having accepted a bubc<, and corruptly identified I himself with a certain movement, but accord- ing to the statement of the hon. member for WeBt Ballarat it would Bcem that it was dis- tinctly imputed that the hon momber for South Grant had not subscribed to the move- I mtnt, but that the movement had subscribed to the bou member 'Ihat must be under btood as a not very roundabout way of lu Bultini' He (Mr. Michie) left It to the Speukor whether any apologetic expression of retret outl t to be wade Mr. GIRDLESTONE would not havo spoken but for the remarks of the hon. Mi- nister of Justice. Ho must say, aftor hearing the statements of the hon members for West Ballarat and East Melbourne, that a more ildi'ulous piece of absurdity he never saw than to moko a quarrel out of a number of jokes. Ho (Mr Girdlestone) Avas present, and not paying particular attention to what was said in the very lively conversation that was Loiug on, but he was looking at them, if not listening, and the thing was so suddenly changed from the jokes that were going on that hu had somo difficulty in believing that an assault was boing committed. Ile was bo Buipiised as to ask Avhat the hon. niembor for East Melbourne was trying to pacify them for. It was surprising that tho hon member for South Grant should stir iu an affair like this, in which a number of gentlemen were Bitting joking among themselves, were joined by another, who, listening, lost his temper, imagined himself insulted, and then brought tho matter befoio the House. Mr. M LDLLAN -It appears to me, from the statement of the last speaker, that the bon member for South Grant has had his nose pulled in a joke. (Laughter ) The motion for proceeding to the next order of the day waa then put, and carried. POLICE MAGISTRATES. Mr. CASEY moAed for the production of a return Bhowing the numbor of casos adjudi- cated by each police magistrate during the latter half of 1804. Tho motion was agreed to. A STEAM SUEVETIKQ A'ESSEL, Mr OASEY moved that His Excellency the Governor be requested to cause to be laid upon the table of the House copieB of all correspondence between the Imperial authorities, Commander Cox, R.N.. and the Government, respecting the piovlding of a steam vessel for surveying purposes. The motion was seconded by Mr, Dite, and carried. THE UBQUIIAllT SCAB CASE. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM Baid the bon. member for Normanby had given notice of a motion to appoint a select commltteo to investigate the action of the Government in remitting the fine inflicted by the Cowana bench of magistrates on Mr. George Urquhart and his overseer. Now, the Government desired that the question should bo brought before the Houbo ; and if the hon. membar agreed, it could come on after the notices of motion had been disposed of on Thursday noxt. (Mr. Levey.-" Hear, hear.") supply. The House then Avent into Commltteo of Supply, when thefollowingvotes, on the Second, Supplementary Estimates for 18Ó-1, were agreoa to ;-£2,017, for salaries undAVuges In counec tion with the Industrial Schools ; £6 293, for departmental contingencies in the Chief Se- cretary's office ; £1,000, for tho maintenance of deserted children ; £300, for prizes for the bett essays on scab and pleuro-pneuinonia ; £233 Ids., supplementary expenses in the de- partment of the curator of intestate estates ; £920 4s., departmental contingencies in the Attorney General's office ; £08119). öd., de- partmental contingencies in tho dBpartmont of the Minister of JuBtice ; £5G2 O.-e 9d., sup- plementary expenses in the Treasurer's depart- ment ; £1,774 13a, supplementary expenses in the depuitment of stores and transport; £26, for the Government Printing-oliice ; £495 11s., for tho naval tiaining ship; £1,959, for the department of stores aud transpart ; £2,000, departmental contingencies in the Go- vernment Piintlngotfice ; £2,000, depiit meutal contingencies in the Volunteer office. On the voto of £2,000 for contingencies in connexion with the naval training- ship, Mr. HARKER asked how many children wero on board this Hhip ? Ho bohoved that, instead of being 200, their uumbar was very small. Mr. VERDON Baid that they had not been 6tiit there jet, because till power was given by Parliament the Government could not take them from the varions benches of magis- trates, ncr apprentice them to the inter- colonial traders, as was proposed. A large number were already asking for admission to the ship ; and he believed they would be fur- nished with the means bt obtaining an honest livelihood, and, at the same time, form the nucleus of an important naval re Ecrve. Mr. HARKER did not object to the object of tho vote, but the hon. the Treasurer ap- peared to bo asking for £495 11s. for officers, to cairy ont a system whioh had never been in activo operation. Mr. VERDON said his reason for asking for this sum was that he should not feel jubtided in ECDding any boys on boa.rd thç vessel until ¡Le retí ^s¡¡ pa-.sou\\. In answer to Mr. Housros, Mr. VERDON said that Mr. AVoods was the name of the officer in chargo. Mr. B1NDON asked if the establishment of the training bhip had originated in any decision of tho Houso ? Mr. VERDON said that in the lato Parlia- ment he had described to the House the tchemo which the Government proposed to adopt for the defence of the country, and the training ship formed part of that plau. Although no distinct voto was taken on the question, he was certainly under the impres- sion that the proposal had been unanimously npproA-ed of by the House. Mr. HALFEY characterized the schemo as being for the defence of Williamstown rather than for the defence of the colony. The sums which the Houso was asked to vota wtre proposed morely for the purpose of providing employment for the Treasurer's constituents. Mr. VERDON said the bon. momber had no right to accuEe htm of distributing money amongst his constituents, and if it had not been that he avbsbo young a member, ho Bhould have bad some difficulty in excusing his conduct. What difference would it make to him (Mr. Verdon) or his constituents whether the sum, £1,800, was spent in the locality or not ? It was a paltry allegation, and ho was suiprised that tho bon. member Bhould have made it. The vote was then agreed* to. Mr. VERDON next moved that £1,000 ba granted for advertising in tho public jour mis. Mr. HOUSTON asked what principle was adopted in the selection of journal! ia which tho advertisements were Inserted. Mr. VERDON said the Government mado a poiut of ascertaining as accurately as pos- sible the circulation of the various journals, and their value as advertising mediums. Mr. LEVEY looked upon the present dis- tribution of the vote as merely one form of Eubbidibing coitain journals. He was uAvaro that one journal, which had a very small circulation, got most of tho advertise- ments. Mr. VERDON said it Avas true the hon. member had made an application to the Government for un alteration of the rule in favour of the journal hu represented, nnd that he had urged that its circulation should bo put against the great num- ber of advertisements which appeared in The Argus. (Mr. Levey-"Tho age") The system which the Government had adopted was to toko the various journals, and ascer- tain from tho number of advertisements that appeared in Avhat estimation each was held by the public as an advertising medium. It was true that the hou. member had urged that many of the advertisements which appeared in the other journals were not bona fide, being known, in the language of the press, as " dummies," while the advertisements Avhich appeared in his own paper wera all paid for ; but, as the Government had no means of ascertaining the fact?, they had based tuoir calculations on the supposition that the ad- vertisements in all the papers were paid for. Tho iule had not therefore been altered. Mr. LEVEY remaikcd that three years ago a lesolution was carried, upon the motion of the bon. member for Mandurang (Sir. O.venî). tothoeffect that the advertisements should Le distributed equally between tho three newspapers circulating in Melbourne. This system was carried out until the present I Ministry took office, and he contended they Avcre now acting entirely in opposition to the I resolution of the House. The Age was known to be the oigan of the Government, and for that reason, although it had tho smallest cir- culation, it got the greatest number of adver- tisements, ne did not complain of this, as it Aiaspeifectly well understood that the Go- vernment should bubiidise their organ, but ! he did object that the rule which Avas now acted upon should have been adopted without the real facts of the caäo having been ascer- tained. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM wos not awaro that it avbb a recognized practice for the Govern- ment of the day to dispense favours to tho press, ond ho objoctcd to the hon. momber stating that tho Government bad nltorod the regulation from any such motive. The ground upon Avhich tho Government distri- buted the advertisements was tho oítimatlon iii which the journals were held by tho public, and lhere wub no political favouritism in the matter. The vote was then agreed to. Mr. VERDON then moved that £1,000 bo granted for tho St. Vincent do Paul's Orphan- age, Emerald-hill, building, in lieu of like amount erroneously stated in Appropriation Act of 1801, as for another institution; and £1,000 for the Upper Goulburn District Hoä pita), Wood's Point, building. Mr. HOUSTON asked the name of the in- stitution in favour of which the mistake hod been made, Mr. VERDON.-The Roman Cathollo Or- phanage at Geelong. Mr. HARKER asked whether it was in- tended to stop all votes for the extension of the buildings in connexion with charitable institutions. Ho asked the question because ho Fhould not have an opportunity, as hereto- fore, of discussing the question in committee of Bupply, seeing that the Government were about to introduce a bill on the subject. Mr. VERDON said the hon. member would very likely have an opportunity of testing the opinion of bon. members in committee of eupply, inasmuch as there was not much pro- bability of the Charitable Institutions Bill passing into law this year. After some further discussion, the vote was agreed to, as were also the following :-£250 for expenses of colonial agency; £200 for expenECB of poundB ; £300 for retiring allow- ances to officers of the Railway department, whose Bervices bave been or shall be dis- pensed with, or who have been Injured or dis- abled whilst on duty (in addition) ; £100 for compensation to - M'Kaon for Injuries sus- tained at the Yarra Bend Asylum ; £150 for compensation to Mr. Ulrich, for loss of equip- ment by bushfire; £202 4a. 2d..compon sation to 0. Bilton, aa clerk in the Gold-office, Melbourne, for loss of his office ; £150 to J. Brady, compensation for injuries received from the kick of a policeman's horse ; £22 16s. allowance to the widow of the late Michael Baldwin, late of tho Btoro depart- ment, for wages due to her huBband from 1st July, the day of his leaving through illness, to 3rd September, 1864, the day of his decoase, being at the rate of 7s. per diem ; £3 16a. re- mission of duty upon gold used in the manufacture of a bridal present to H.R.H. the Princess of Wales« Mr. VERDON then moved that tho sum of £8,000 be granted as a gratuity to the family of the late Richard Heales, Eíq. He would not attempt to preface the vote with any obaervations beyond atating that it had bean made kuown to the Government that the family of lils (Mr. Verdon'e) late collengue were in circum- stances which rendered it necessary that an application of this sort should b3 made. Ho confessed that it was with some grief and dis- tress that ho was compelled to move a vote of this sort for his late colleague's family; bat having ascertained from the friend» of tlft late Mr. Heales that this amount would beac ceptablo, it had been decided to ask tho House to paBB the vote. Mr. VALE suggested that a condition should bo uttached to the vote by which the principal should be secured to the children of the di ceased gentleman, while the interest should go to his widow. Mr. CARPENTER was sorry that the vote waB not a larger one. The interest on £3,000, at8ptr cent., would amount to only £210, which would not bo sufficient to keep the family in a proper position. The services which the late Mr. Heales had rendered to the country demanded that proper provision should be made for his family; und he had much pleasure in moving that tho vjte should be increused to £5,000. Mr. G REEVES was sorry that any discus Bion should have taken place upon the vote at all, but as the matter had b¿en slightly discussed, he thought it right to say a word or two. As one of tho late Mr. Heales's oldest and most ntimnte friends, he had felt it his duly to & jsult his intimato friend and old partner, Mr. Ashloy, who had desired him to say that the family would be satisfied with the vote proposed. The deceased gentleman had left somo property, but he regretted to Bay til at it was not altogether unencumbered. The sum proposed would, however, bo suffi- cient to place the family in com fortablo cir- cumstances, and he hoped. the House would agree to the vote na it stood without further discussion. Mr. LEVEY quite approved of the vote, but thought the piesent was a suitable time to ask what course the Government intended to pursuo with regard to another case brought foi ward by the lion, member for Sandhurst? Mr. VERDON said there was no co'^p)r|. son between the two cases. It TVould not 0RIy1 bp inconvenient to diluís' the case alluded to V,j,tDÛ horj> monitor, but it would SO in better taste to leave that vote to stand upon its own merits. (Hear, hear.) At pre- sent the case of the gentleman to whom the hon. member reforred was not before the Bouse, and it would bo quite time for the Oovemmont to state their intontions regard- ing it when It was brought forward. Mr. BINDON suggested, that in order to cairy out tho idea of the lion, member for Ballarat WeBf, the words " to he vested in trustees,"'should bo added to tho vote. After some further discussion Mr. Car penter withdrew his amendment, and the vote, with the addition of the words pro- posed by Mr. Bindoo, was agreed to. Tho following votea were also passed: £30 for the purchase of seeds of Australian foreBt trees to be presonted to the Govern- ment of Madras ; £8 16s. 6J., net proceeds of a horse told out of Ballarat Pound, on the property of Mr. Armstrong, lapsed, but now to bo refunded ; £03 5s., to defray the exposes of the Government in Snowball's arbitration case against the Board of Land and Works; £1616a., compensation to Mr. J. Lord for in- juries sustained by his wife at the Queen's birthday review ¡ £200, moiety of salary of director of mining and geological surveys from January 1, to June 30, 18111 ; £51010s, fir departmental contingencies for the geo- detic suivey and observatory ; £17 10j., ba- lance duo to O. P. O. Rafferty upon a survey contract; £1,850, for clearing the Murray; £160, for police buildings ; £759 18s. 5d" for military buildings and works of defence; £550, for post-oflices and telegraph stations : £1,350, for renta and furniture of public oflicet and buildings; £1,306 13s. for fittings and furniture at the National Museum and re pairs to boilers of steam Bloop Victoria; and £148 15s, for the Customs department. On an item of £000 for departmental con- tingencies in the Customs department, Mr. HARKER, asked whether any arrange' ments had been made with tho Government of New South Wales in roferenco to the bürdet customs duties ? Mr. VERDON said that no arrangement had yet been made, but a member of the Government bud been in communication with a member of the New South \Valo3 Go- vernment, not officially, but in such a wiy a( to lead the Government to hope that negotia tions would shortly take place which woult in oil probability lead to a satisfactory settle meat of the question. Mr. HARKER was glad to hoar that then was a prospect of tho question being settled. The vote was then agreed to ; as wero alsc £3,000 for building a new buoy tender, £2,33! üs. Cd. for the Postmaster-General's depart ment, £227 10s. for the Electric Telegrapl department, £1,951 13a. 7d. for department! contingencies in the Postmoster-Goneral's do paitment, £1,-118 for the conveyance of thi inland mails, £19,005 for Railway depart mental contingencies, £1,298 2i. 7d. for road works and bridges, and £100 for continua tion of tho storm-water channel at Sand- hurst. Upon the item for the Electric Telegrapl department, Mr. HARKER and some other hon. morn hers suggested that efforts should bj made ti reduce tho expense of the electric telegrapl department. Mr. M'CTJLLOCH stated that he had unde: his consideration a proposed reduction of thi cost of some of the stations. Mr. VALE suggosted the employment o females at the smaller stations. The committee next proceeded to consido the Third Supplementary Estimates fo 1804. Tho following votes were agreed to : £2,405 0s. lid., for departmental contiugen cies in the Chief Secretary's dopartment, am £150 for departmental contingencies in til Attorney-Gencrul's dopartmont. On the next item, £100, allowance to Mi Cogdon for forago and travelling expense from the 1st March, 1802, to tho 21st Maj 18G3, while in charge of the Jamieson am Wood's Point Gold-fields, Mr. Olir» expfesaed his surprise that thi amount appeared on the Estimates, as he wa informed Mr. Cogdon would scarcely stir yard from the Jamieson. Mr. MICHIE assured the bon. member tha Mr. Cogdon's succossora were considoi ably out of pocket. That gentleman had, b a Btntement of details, eatistied tho Govern ment that he could not bo faiily compensate by a less sum. Mr, ORR knew it for a fact that Mr. Oo¡ don used to compel Individuals to bring th most trifling cases from Wood's Point to Jr mieson, rather than travel, a9 other warden did. Mr. MICHIE, in justice to Mr. Oogdoi mentioned that that gentleman had inpu bubuco of hiB duties received a severe injur; on which account ho had now received leav of absence. Mr. GILLIES deprecated nccusatior against a Government officer who was uttorl precluded from any explanation. Mr. Co: don at Ballarat was au excellent warden an efficient officer. Mr. H'LELLAN boro testimony to tb great expenBO of travelling in the district i question. Tho voto was then agreed to, as also we: tho following :-£417 for departmental coi tingencies and miscellaneous expenses in ti Treasurer's department; £100 for depar mental contingencies in the department < Lands and Survey ; £1,660 3a. Od., suppl mentary expenses in tho department i Public Works ; £218 14s., supplementary e: penses in the department of Trade at Customs. On the voto of £0.000, for department contingencies in the department of Rail wa; and Roads, Mr. HARKER thought the House, havli just voted £16,000 for tho samo purpos should have some information as to ti vote. Mr. VERDON replied that the money w wanted to pay for coals, an under-ostima having been mado of the supply. Mr. G REEVES thought this was a ma of incompttency somewhere. Mr. FRANCIS explained that tho cause the error wa? the strong endeavour mido te cut down the expouses of tho department. Mr. BINDON contended that a statemenl of profit and losa in tho matter of railway« Bhould come before the House. Mr. ICY IE urged that a committoe of in- quiry into railway affairs should be ap- pointed. Mr. BERRY said there were hopes for the department. A board had lately, after two months' deliberation, dismissod an inferior officer for incompetoncy, and they might per- haps soon look higher, even as high as the head of tho railway department. Mr. ZEAL thought that there should bo an inquiry if errors were made in such largo sums. Mr. YALE described the T.illsviy depart- ment as one tbo secretary of which was notoriously incomprtout, incapable, aud truly unfit for his "billet." Mr. GRANT explained that if any one was to blame for the error he Avas, and the officers must bo exonorated. In reply to a question, Mr. VERDON said tbo Government ad- mitted the desirability of lea?in? tho rail- ways, and for his own part, he wished to seo thom leased as speedily as poäsible ; but there were certain difficulties in the way Avhich could not bo easily removed. Mr. KYTE wasBatbfted that, if the Govern- ment leased the railways by tender, they would Bavethou6and8 of pounds. Mr. BINDON said that railways had been wrrkcel at a profit by the Governments of other countiies, and there wa? no reason why the Government of this colony should not be as Successful. Mr. RAMSAY said the reason why the rail- ways were not managed properly was, because there was not a proper staff of officors. The nresent secretary had not the slightest know- ledge as to how a line should be worked ; and it would pay tho country to got a man of expe- rience and talent from England, at a salary of £1,000 or £1,200, to take the manage- ment. Mr. FRANCIS Baid the reason why the Government had restricted themselves to co- lonial talent in appointing a secretary was, because it was always understood that tho linn should bn leased Boon after being oponed to Echuca. It was not therefore considered worth while to import tulont from England ; and ho trusted hen. membeis would not charge the officers of the department with matters over which they had no control. Mr. GREEVES drew attention to the large amount paid for salatkg In the Railway de- partment, viz. £lt¡<j,000; and asked whether somonreaction could uot bo mridô ír. tune iterr^ , With regard to tho present vote, the unmount was one half more than the original estimate ; and be would protest again3t such excessive Supplementary Estimates, Aftoi some remarks from Mr. Bennr, Mr. Guant, Mr. O'shanassy, Mr. Michie!, and Mr. O'Gbada-, Mr. FRANCIS said that on an early date ho would lay a return on the table giving the details of the expenditure on account of rail- way stores. Mr. HARKER complained of the large number of persons who truveiled on the rail- ways by free pnssep, Mr. HOWARD made sots« romarks to the Eamo effect ; and also expressed an opinion that five stations on the Sandhurst line might bo closed with profit to the railway revenue, and without any public disadvan- tage. Mr. ZEAL believed that a considerable savlnrj in the expenses might be effected by adapting the engines to burn wood instead of coal. Mr. RAMSAY recommended the Govern- ment, on the scoic of economy, to procure coal from the Capo Paterson coal-fields. The vote was thon agreod to. Progress waa afterwards reported, leave being givon to the committee to sit again the following day. HOSPITALS LVW CONSOLlBATION BILL. The report of the committee on this bill was considered and adopted ; the bill waa thou read a third time, passed, and ordered to bo transmitted to the Legislative Council. ELECTORAL LAAV CONSOLIDATION BILL. Tbo report of tho committee on this bill was next taken Into consideration. Mr. LALOR hoped the hon. Attorney General would attempt to restore the Avords which conferred jurisdiction upon police ma- gistrates rather than courts of potty sessions in the matter of tho revision of the roll. At nil events, ho hoped the presence of the police magistrate when the revision was made Avould berendcred necessary. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said the question had already been decided in a full House, and, though he concurred in the opinions of the bon. member, be was disposed to accopt the decision arrived at. The report waa thon agreed to. Mr. GREEVES (in tho abäencä of Mr. Dyte) moved tbo addition of the following words to clauso 10 :-" Provided that no regis- trar or deputy-registrar shall be eligible to bo nominated ns a candidate for the Legislative Council or Legislative Assembly for any pro- vince or district for any division of which ho shall have acted as registrar or deputy registrar within a period of six months be- fore the day of nomination." Mr. JONES seconded the motion. Ho knew of the caso of a registrar who was BtTongly suspected of having introduced a lnrge number of names to the electoral roll for his own purposes, and then became a candidate for that very district. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM objected to anything that would create a fresh disqualification, which, he contended, tho House should be vory Blow to introduce. A registrar muBt nlways resign his office to become a candi- date ; aud the case already cited must bo assumed to be a vory rato one, and not likely to bo repeated. Mr. VALE opposed tho amendment, for tho samo reason as the bon. Attorney- Gcnoral. In the case mentioned by the bon. member for Ballarat East, the candidate in question was thoroughly beaten, for ho polled scarcely any voteB in the district in which he had been registrar. The amendment was then put and nega- tived. Mr. CASEY moved tho omiBBion of the word "require" in clauso 102. His object waB to do away with the production by the voter of his elector's right, no knew of a coes in which an employer of labour procurad electors' rights for his men and kept them, only giving them out to those whose opinions coincided with his own. No opportunity Bhould, he thought, be givon for this. Mr. VALE seconded the amendment. He saw no occasion for the production of tho elector's right Avhen the name was on the roll. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM opposed the amend- ment, because, in the first place, it was mis- taken policy to lead the elector to under- value his privileges ; nnd in tho second placp, the " right" should be produced to onablo tbo returning- officer to comparo signa- tures. Mr. SANDS opposed tho amendment. He trusted the hon. momber would, withdraw the amendment. Mr. MACGREGOR thought tho matter was too important a one to be discussed at the present time. He Avas of opinion, however, . that the system of enforcing the production of the elector's right had acted as a very groat check upon personation, and the Houso would not be justified in abrogating the system un- less good reaBons were shown for the altera- tion. He considered that for tho same reason ratepayers Bhould be compolled to produce their receipts for the rates which they had paid. Mr. BINDON Avas surpiised at tho line of argument followed by the Altornoy General. From his own observations during the la6t election, he was convinced th it the EVBtcm of requiring tho olectors to produce their rights had octed as a bar and a drag upon voting in every possible way. lho Attorney-General had argued that the pro- duction of tho right was necessary for the purpose of securing identity ; but the answer to this was that thoso persons whoso names appeared on tho ratepayers' roll wero not driven to the teBt of idontity, and that it would not bo just that tho ordinary elector only should be subjected to the teBt. Mr. KERFERD remorked that the provi- sion compelling tho voter to produce his elector's right avbs a very effectual barrier against personation, and for this reason tho House Bhould reject the amendmont. The amendment was then put, and nega- tived. Mr. CASEY moved tho omission of clause 108, which provided that no substituted olector's right could be used unless it had been iBBued more than a month prior to the election. Mr. G. V. SMITH seconded tho motion. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said, that if the House wished to diccuss tho question ti debate had better be aljournod, as a promu had been given to the hon. member for Mar borough tbat the debate on the second rear ing of the measure which bo introduce should bo continued that evening. Mr. MACGREGOR moved that thedebal bo udjourned. Mr. TUCKER seconded tho motion. The debate was then adjourned until th following day. MEnOAKTILF. INSTRUMENTS AND SECUItlTTE TBANSFER HILL. The debato on the motion for the sccon reading of this bill was resumed by _ Mr. LEVI, who proceeded to explain th principles of the measure, tho objeotof whlcl ho ttated, was to legalize the transfer of pre perly by documents known as bandar securitiet) and bonded warrants. Hon. mom bers were no doubt familiar with the case which had been decided in the Suprem Court, in which, notwithstanding the equi tab.'o lights of the parties who possesaet those documents, and notwithstanding tha millions of property had changed hand on tho faith of those bonds carryin¡ with them the possession of property tho Court had decided thom to b illegal. These instances had given riso to i vast nmount of insecurity, and It was te settle the question of the legality of thosi documents that the bill had been brought in The intention of the measure waa Bimply ti moko theEo documents mean in reality wha they appeared to be. According ta the cus tom which had prevailed in conimercla circles for some years, bonded certificate had been regarded as negotiable accu rities quite »B much as bank-notea and cases of great hardship had recantlj taken placo from the delivery of goods haviuj been stopped after the security had pawed ti a third party. In some cases the injustice of the law had been felt by the fourth am even the fifth party, and perfectly inuocou persons had frequently been mado to suffer If the bill passed it would bo nothini more than carrying out an Act of Purlia ment previously adopted by the Legielitun -viz. the Mercantile Securities Act, whicl had assent given to it on the 27th Maren 1855\. Some alteration having been made ii the law in 1867 by tho passing of au ac amending the law relating to bills of lading the Mercantile Secuiities Act got repealei accidentally. This was not discovered uuti recently, and the present bill was iutendei simply to re-enact a measure which had beei accidentally repealed, and of which -it wa almost an exact transcript. Though thi Chamber of Commerco had sent a petitioi ncaiT¡Et the bill, that petition was eignoi only by members of the committee of thi Chamber; and ho did not think that tin HouEO would attach much importance to it Ou the other hand, nearly every banking in Ecüüííúf ¡^nded-storokeeper, warehouseman and a large number of other mouiuvl"- ?* tUl mercantile community, bad petitioned in it: favour. Mr. MICHIE understood that the prin cipal reason which induced tho bon. mombei for Maryborough to bring forward the bil, wus to assimilate tho state of the law te au impression supposed to prevail amongsl the mercantile community that an endorse- ment of a bonded certificate, or dook warrant, waa as efficacious for tho purposes of transfei us the endorsement of a bill of exchange or promissory note. A recent decision ol the Súpome Court had, howover, Bet the the mirjd of tho mercantile community en- tirely at rest upon that mutter, bo that the bon. member's argument waa cut from under him. Thero could bo no further doubt that the endorsement of a bonded cer- tificate or dock warrant did not transfer the goods which the instrument repreBouted. He wus opposed to such an impoitant alteration in the law as the bill contemplated. Ho be- lieved that it would open tho door to a large amount of fraud. Ho was not surprised to hear that the bunking interest was in favour of it ; indeed, he should bo astonished if they wero not, because it would save them some trouble and risk.. Irn his opinion, huvvover, it was not désirable that larger facilities should be given for transferring property by their representativo instruments than weio absolutely necessary for the purposes of commerce, and he did not think that the re- quirements of commerco rendered it necea eary that the endorsement of dock warrants and bonded certificates should trausfur the goods which they represented. Ho considered that a piomisEory note, or bill ofoxchango, was not a representative instrument in the samo sense as a dook warrant or bonded certificate. Mr. KYTE said tho Minister of Justice re gaidcd the question from a lawyor's point of view and not from a merchant's. He (Mr. Kytc) was satisfied that tho passing of the bill would be a great boon to tho mercantile community. Mr. VALE remarked that from tho build- ing of the London Docks the endorsement of warrants bud always been considered to transfer tho goods which they represented, and if a contrury practice existed it must bo of veiy recent origin. He saw no reason why in a now country, where credit waB so noces Bury, an obstacle should bo thrown in its woy. Mr. M'CULLOCII wished it had boen shown that thero was any ncceBBity for tho introduc- tion of this measure. It wub assumed that the decision of the Supreme Court affected the validity of such securities ; but how did the law stand ? Any one who wanted to make the security a perfect one, had only to go to tho store and get the goods trunslerred to him. Why should the law bo altered to afford accommodation to those who had this course beforo them ? Thero was a timo when some hardship was involved in tho decision, but now that the law was clearly understood there was no necessity for the chango. It was the known practice that parties who got goods immediately pawned thom ; and where wus tho hardship in the transaction being registered ? Real property was treated so, and bills of sale also, and the prosuut courao of ltgiBlation waB to make such securities good by legislation. As for thmwing obBtucles iu the way of credit, thero was no lack of such credit, and in his opinion too much. Mr. O'SHANASSY said that, if the orgu meutB of the Chief Secretary wore good for anything, their effect wob that no mercantile transaction should toko place without a trans- fer of tho property-that every bill should carry the principal, and every mortgago trans- fer the property. The whole policy of England was against this ; and to facilitate tho transac- tions of tindo thero was no delivery needed in a mortgage of sheep or cattle. Thero was a registration, but the article might bo thou- sands of miles oil', so the registration was of little value. It wbb a question of choractor, as it was with advances on wool, which might not como to hand for mouths. By the old Bystcm, odvoucea wero male with care. It waa a question of character and solvency ; but uny fraud might occur under tho pieBout Bystom. To show the practico of England, ho would point to an English advertisement in which a respectable English firm offered to advance ou tha meru de-poBitof warrants ; aud why therefore should merchants here be called upon to encounter the extra inconvenience ? Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said, though this bill might suit tho monoy intero&t;, tho mer- cantile interest was différent, and the Melbourne and Geelong Chambers of Com- merco had petitioned against it. It waB not tho law of England that tho endorsement of a dock-woirant should paBB the property, as that practice only rofeired to thu wine trado in the London Docks, and some particular trade in tho port of Liverpool ; and it was a sufficient answer to very many objections that the vendor who wished lila property to pass could easily instruct tho warehouseman to that effect. Another great objection to tho bill was, that it ontitled persons to retain the apparent 'possession of property with which they had parted; and, on a question of tkia kind, he would rather take tho opinion of the merchant than the suggestion of the banker. Mr. LEVEY was glad to hear that tho Attorney-General attached so muohImport- ance to tho opinion of tho merchants of Melbourne, and congratulated him on his dic covery of the weight the opinion of thoso gentlemen was entitled to. There was this difference between billB of sale and dock-war- rants, that It was important that dealings In the first Bhould bo known, whereas the luBt passed tho property. Mr. COBEN regarded tho bill as a Btcp in the right direction. When a merchant took n risk, it was right he should stand by it ; and he had to light to control ovor goods so paEsed. A caso had recently occurred in which tho existing practice occasioned very great hardship; and the law enabled cei tain merchants to stop In and se- cure 20s. In the £1 from an estate, when tho other creditors only got 2s. 3d. He did not look upon the bill as a measure for the banker?, for what waa to the interest of tlie nu rcliantB must also be to the interest of the bankers. The object of the bill was simply to legalise what had been tho cuBtom of tho country for some time, and it was a matter of necessity that it should pass into law. The committee then divided, and the num- bers were ; Ayes.2G NoeB.12 Mojority for the bill . 14 The division-list was as follows -- ATES. Mr. Blmlon Mr. Kerferd _ Mr. Sands \- Blackwood - Klug - Sherwin \- Casey - Kyto - Smith, d. V. \- Cohen - Levey - Smith, L.L. \- Girdlestone - Levi - Tucker \- Orcevoa - M'LcIlau - Valo \- llallcy - Moffatt - AA'ardrop \- Ilopljni -0 Grady - Whoolor. \- llowBrd - O'shanassy NOES. Mr. Copo Mr. Higinbotham Mr. Michio \- Co« oil - Milson - Richardson \- l'raiicis - M'Cann - Rollinson \- Grant - M'Cullocli - Sullivan. The bill then passed through committee, with a few verbal amendments, and was ro poited, the consideration of the report' boing made an older for tho following day. The remainder oi the business Avas post poned ; and the House adjourned at ten minutes to I« elvo o'clock uutll four p.m. the following (this) day. 