LOWER MURRUMBIDGEE. I [rilOM OUll COllllllSl'ONDKNT.] WIÎATHEII: Tiiu.NDr.usToiiM.-The new year began willi hítense and oppressive heat. The thermometer rose to 100 on New Year's Day, and was near that duiiug the whole week. Bush" fires, some of them raging over a large extent of countrj-, were very prevalent, and rendered the oppression still more oppressive. The atmosphere being thus completely surcharged, of necessity must seek and und relief, and accoi dingly on Sunday morning, about half-past one, a tcnilic thunderstorm burst, lasting about two hours. Whether because it was in the stillness of the night, that it appeared moic sublimely grand, or whether it w as ically a stonn of unusual violence, I will not say. At least to me, who have seen many storms, and watched them with some interest, it did present features of awful mngniticence that I never saw ex- ceeded. One clap of thunder followed so close upon another, that it w as hardly possible to tell when one began and the other finished. The lightning (for the most part sheet lightning) was daz-dingly vivid ; the vain descending in torrents. It is not, however, a scene to describe, weie I competent to the task ; it w as a scene lo feel and remember. The ram has done much good ; the bush-fires arc, of course, extin- guished, and the ground, which looked dry and paiched, is now fresh and bloommg. Ponce B-sixi'ss.-The man accused of stabbing at Gobagomlin, and the wholesale forger, were both committed yesterday for trial at the sessions in March next. Having very often urged the imperative neces- sity for a lock-up at Narandera, I am glad to report that at last the site has been determined on, and the woik is to be begun. The country for the present is qidet, no outrages having of late occurred in "the dis- trict. The holidays which were fully honoured, passed off without any serious disturbance. DEATH OP AN OLD RACEII.-The old horse Cooramin, well known to sportsmen, died j-estcrday. He has been lately kept for stud purposes, and has been feel- ing the effects of age and disease. Tun Br^r.mciiNEs.-The Rev. Arthur Roberts, of Woodrising Rectory, in a letter to the Record, gives the following quotation from an old work illustrative of the povcity of the order of Benedictines ;-" As to the poverty which St. Benet so often preaches in his rule, one may easily see what was the practice of it by the opulency of the monastery of Cassin, in his tune. And, a while afterwards, the same monastery of Cassin fell mto so great a poverty that it alone possessed but four bishop- rics, two dukedoms, twenty counties, thirty-, six cities, 200 castles, 300 territories, 640 villages'; 306 farms, twenty- three seaports, thirty-tlrreo isles, 200 mills, 1662 churches." The following titles of tho abbots of this monastery is also furnished by hini as illustrative of the nine degrees of humility profeaaed. by the order:-"Patriarch'of the sacred religion: Abbot of the sacred monastery of Cassin ; E'uke and Prince oi all Abbots and Religions ; Vice-Cnancellor I of the Kingdoms of both the Sicilies, j of Jerusalem, . and Hungary ; .Count and Governor of,Campania and Terra di Lavoro and of the Maritime Province ; Vice^ Emperor aa<i Prince of Peaoe," 