TELEGRAPHIC (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS.) ROCKHAMPTON. March 1. THE ball given in aid of the School of Arts, last evening, was a great success. The attend- ance was very large. The Clarence Sailed to-day at noon. SYDNEY. It is rumored that the Government intend to reduce the salaries of the Government officers by ten per cent. Business is Steady. The Lady Bowen has sailed for Brisbane. MELBOURNE. There have been some very disastrous bush- fires of late, and immense damage has been caused. There was a large sale of French barrelled flour to-day, which realised 23s. a barrel. AUCKLAND. News to the 15th ultimo has been received. The principal item in it is the report of a great fire, which broke out on the fourteenth, and by which twenty buildings, including three hotels were destroyed. The loss of property is estimated at £30,000. Borskins (?) the insurgent Taurangi chief, has surrendered to the British forces. The friendly Avawas have captured fifty rebels. THEIR Honors the Judges of. tho Supremo Court intimated to tho bar, on the motion for the admission of Mr. Stephen on Tuosday last, that tho privilege extended exclusively to bar- risters admittod in the Supremo Court of Now South Wales prior to tho separation of Queens- land from that colony, and not to gentlemen subsequently entering tho profession there nor to barristers of other colonies, which did not concede the samo right to tho bar of Queens- land. A letter was read from tho Judges in Sydney, addressed to Mr. Lilley, in which thoy stated that it would hove given them much ploasuro to havo acceded to his request for ad- mission in thoir Supreme Court, but thoy had no power to do BO as tho law thon stood. Mr. Blakonoy, as tho senior member of the bar, and Mr. Lilloy, brought the matter beforo the Judges hore as one affecting tho interests and status of the profession in this colony, but with- out any desire to oppose Mr. Stephen, upon whom a woll-dosorved compliment was passed. The Judges stated that tho subject had boon for somo time under their consideration, with a view to the establishment of rulos fortlio forma- tion of tho bar on such a basis as would entitle it to claim recognition oven by tho bar of Eng- land, and that a communication would bo mado to one of the learned sociotios (Inns of Court) at homo on the Bubjoot. Mr. M. H. Stophon was thon, on tho motion of tho Attornoy-Gono ml, admittod. Mr. Lilloy observed that in seeking admission in Sydney ko had no intention to practiso thoro, but merely to assort the just position of tho profession in Queensland. BYROM'S extravaganza of " tho Lady of Lyons " was producod, lost evening, at Muson's Hall ; and, abounding as it does, in tho most excruciating puns, and full of striking action, it was tho most attractive production of the season. There was a crowded houso, which was in a roar during the whole performance. 