PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesdayy 14 th June. Mr J. P. Fawkner presented a petition from the inhabitants of Emerald Hill against clauses in the Public Works Law Consolidation Bill relating to sewerago and water supply. Messrs Hull, Henty, Jenner, Cole, and Taylor also presented petitions on the same subject. On the motion of Mr Fellows, the petitions were referred to the committee on the bill. Mr Miller brought up the report of the select com mittee on the standing orders. Messages were received from the Assembly, with bills to amend the legislation in relation to mining and hawkers and pedlars, agreeing with the amend ments proposed by the Council. On the motion of Mr Hervey, the Mining Law Amendment Bill was read a first time and ordered to be printed. The same member moved that the second reading of the bill be made an order of the day for Tuesday next, and Mr Fellows proposed as an amendment Thursday week. After some warm words from Mr Hervey, in which he considered that the members of the Coun cil wished to shelve the measure, the amendment was carried. Mr Jenner moved that the bill to amend the law relating to hawkers and pedlars be read a first time; but as the mover had not at the time even seen tbe bill, the motion was lost, and the first reading on another motion fixed for next Wednesday. Mr Hervsy moved that the Constitution Law Con solidation Bill be read a second time, and An amendment was proposed by Mr Fellows that the second reading be fixed for that day six months. In moving the amendment, Mr Fellows ob jected to the system of changing the laws while the Qovernment pretended to be con solidating. He cited several cases from the English Acts where consolidation, so called, had materially changed the laws. He objected to the way in which the work had been done. Mr Fawkner supported the original motion, and Messrs Hull and Sladen. There was a call for a division, and on the IIouBe having divided the result was found to be -Contents, 4; noncontents, 15, Mr Herver moved that the Public Works Law Amendment and Consolidation Bill bo now read a second time. After a short debate the motion was agreed to. On tho motion of Mr Hervey the House then went into committee on the Bill. [Left sitting."! LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, \ith June, Mr O'Shanussy brought up a progress report of the Select Committee on the colonial defences, which was laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.. Mr Snodgrass asked the Hon. the President of the Board of Land and Works-1. Whether, under the Land Act, tho selector, by himself or attorney, can take proceedings for the recovery of damage sus tained by reason of trespass. 2. Whether the Go vernment will refuse issuing a lease, in cases where satisfactory proof is' given of the parting with the interest of the selector, either in part or whole. 3. Whether in the uvent of no lease being issued, to whom does the grazing occupation revert. 4. Whether after the issue of louses to selectors, any number of such selectors may appoint one agent for tho management of such lots as a whole. 5. Whether the selector of an allotment can legally dispose of the grazing right or agistment of Buch allotment. Mr.Higinbotham, who replied to the question, said that, with respect to the second division of the enquiry, it was the intention of the Government, in the event of a selector parting with the whole or any portion of his interest, to refuse to issue a lease. With respect to the remaining portions of the en quiry, he (Mr Higinbotham) was of opinion that they were questions which, including as they did purely legal matters, ought neither to be put nor answered iu that House. He would recommend those persons whose rights were concerned :o cuusult their legal advisers upon the subject. He would therefore decline to furnish an answer to them. MrVerdon then rose to move that the Govern ment be authorised to raiao by loan the sum of £500,000, to be devoted to a water supply to the gold-fields, &c.; He would not enter into any details of the proposed scheme, he would leave that task to his colleague, the hon. the Minister of Mines. Mt O'Shanassy asked what sums in addition would be required to be borrowed during the present year. Mr Vt-rdon replied that a total sum of .£850,000 would bo required, of which £250,000 would be re quired for the railways, £500,000 for water supply, and £100,000 for defences. Mr Sullivan then said that the want of a water supply had been so severely felt in all parts of the country that it would ba unnecessary for him to dwell upon that point. It would be of more interest to the House to be informed about the proposed plan for meeting that great want. It was proposed to divide tho country iuto districts and to appropriate a special amount to each of those localities. Say, for instance, that £50,000 was devoted to one of these districts, that district would be empowered to levy certain local rates, which would be of sufficient amount to pay interest on that portion of the loan, and also remunerate the Government for the outlay on the works, so as gradually to pay oil the debt; and it had been calculated that in 20 yearB, by a I payment of 2 per cent per annum of the capital to be placed at compound, interest, the loan in each case would be paid off, and a very valuable property would be left in the hands of the local authorities. He believed that for a scheme of so remunerative character there would be no diffi culty iu obtaining the proposed loan. With regard to the scheme itself, it was proposed to make the basis ol the system to depend upon the rivers ol the colony as gathoriug grounds for the water. It was proposed to make use of dams, but it was considered that where practicable those dams should be erected by the side of rivers, and not in tho beds of the rivers themselves. In referring to tho scheme as to be applied to the several principal localities in the colony, he would, in the first instance, speak of Geelong, simply be cause a supply of water to that town and district had so long been talked of. To that district it was proposed to appropriate £150,000, and it was thought that the probable benefit that in so many ways would be conlerred on the district would warrant the expenditure. Next in importance to Geelong he would mention the district in connection with which the Coliban schemo had been so much spoken of. For carrying out a supply for the Coliban there had been three different plans proposed-those of Brady, Wardell and lisilly. After very careful considera tion given to the matter, the submission of the various schemes to a board and a select committee, both of which bodies have approved of Brady's scheme in preference to the otuers, the Govern ment was prepared to support the same plan, in conjunction with a portion of that of Wardell, with one or two exceptions of detail. One work recommended in that scheme it was not the intention of the Government to adopt, and that was a dam on the lliver Loddon, this it was thought could be done without that, and a Buffioient supply could be obtained from the Coliban. It waB the opinion of the Government that the whole of the works should be of the most substantial character, that the materials used should be of tho best possible kind, and that the works should be calculated to laBt for ages. It was thought, too, that the State should undertake these works. (Hear.) These were the only principles upon which the Government intended to undertake the works. For this purpose the sum of £320,000 -would be required for the supply of the Sandhurst end Castlemaine districts. A supply of water would thus be obtained which would, he believed, be of use when the era of alluvial mining had passed away. Passing on to Mary borough and the other districts proposed to be sup plied, tho lion, member Btated that lull details of the proposed expenditure in each district would be found in a schedule which would be in the hands of hon. members in the course of the evening. With respect to the total amount of expenditure involved in the scheme, the hon. member was understood to Bay that the proposed loan being insufficient, it was pro posed to supplement it by tho sale of tho Xan Yean water works. Gipps !Land was omitted from the scheme because that district was already well supplied with water by lakes and rivers. The hon. member proceeded to read the names of several places and the sums proposed to bo appropri ated to each. Among the principal of them were £80,000 for Ararat, £40,000 for Daylesford, £25,000 for Pleasant Creek and Clunes, and £50,000 for Bal larat. The total schemo would involve tho expendi tur9 of £1,200,000. It waa intended to plant valu able timber trees on tile banks of the variouB reser voirs, which plantations would ultimately prove of great value to the colony. Another advantage of the reservoirs would be the preventing of bushfireBin their neighborhood. Ho believed that in dealing with this matter the whole colony, and not merely the gold fields, would be benefitted, since the sueccss of most other claases of the community depended upon that of the miners. The lion, member then entered into a history of the question ol water supply from the times of the Romans downwards and said that the question had occupied the attention of all the greatest princes and governments that had ever existed, and monuments of tho works executed had come down to our own day. This proved, at all events, that it waB not new for a government to take the initiative in works of this kind. He submitted tho scheme of the Government to the House, but if any Uon. member could point out any improvements that could be made upon it, ho would bo happy to take them into consideration. Mr Kerford enquired what the Government in tended to do in case tho bill now beforo Parliament, authorising the sale of tho Yan Yean works, should not paBS the Legislative Council. Mr Sullivan replied that in any caao the revenue derivable from these works would be available. Mr O'Shanassy said that the subjcct was of so vast a nature that it waa impossible for private members at once to granp tho scheme. With the understanding however that by voting for the reso lution beforo the Houso hon. members would not be pledged to the details of the Government scheme, he would offer no opposition to the motion. Mr Gillies was of opinion that the loan asked for was insufficient for the object for which it was intended. [Left sitting.] The following from the Argus supplements our report published on Wednesday: In the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, The following were elected (by ballot) as the com mittee to investigate the case of JoneB v Gurtin: Mr Dane, Mr Michie, Mr Jones, Mr Dyte, Mr Ed wards, Mr Higinbotbam.and Mr Francis. The report on the Mining Law Amendment Bill was considered and adopted; and the measure was then read a third time. The resolution passed in committee in favor of raising £250,000 by loan, for the completion of the national railways, was reported and adopted. Tho Cemeteries Bill was re committed. Mr Higinbotbam proposed the addition to clause 13 of a proviso to the effect that no rite or ceremony shall bo performed in a'uy portion of a cemetery set apart for any particular religious denomination, ex cept according to tho mage of such denomiation, and by a duly recognised minister, if any, of tho same. The proposition was opposed by Mr Longmore, Mr Vale, Mr Girdlestoue, Mr Cowell, and Mr Burtt; and supported by Mr Dyte and Mr Greeves. On a division, the proviso was rejected by 26 to 19. Mr.Girdlestone proposed an amendment in clause 23, with the view to enable any person, not a minis ter, authorised by friends of the deceased to officiate at a burial. After a lengthy discussion, the amendment was carried by 17 to 15. Mr Higinbotbam intimated that, on an early day, he would ask the House to reverse this decision. The bill was then reported, with further amend ments. On the motion of Mr M'Culloch, the orders of tin day for the second reading of the Local Government Act Amendment Bill, the Municipal Corporations Act Amendment Bill, the Bar liegulatioa Bill, tho Abattoirs Law Amendment Bill, the Banks and Cur rency Law Amendment Bill, and the Lunacy Laws Amendment Bill were discharged from the paper. The Hawkers .and Pedlars Law Amendment Bill was read a third time. The House was counted out at twenty minutes 'past twelve o'clock. 