BLACK MONDAY. BUSH FIRES. The reports already to hand prove that the destruction of property in the hot wind and fires of Monday last, and the preceding days, has been very great. Monday will be marked in the calendar, doubtless, as "Black Mon- day." We find the following reports in our country contemporaries : CASTLEMAINE. The terrible heat of Monday is accounted for to a great extent by the occurrence of very large bush fires. On either side of the railway from Taradale to Moonlight-flat and the Mount, the whole country was in a com- plete blaze. Two miles in length of the rail- way fencing between Taradale and Elphin- stone has been entirely consumed, and it is rumoured that the property of Mr. Hull, C.E., has been completely destroyed. Our in- formant states that the farm of Mr. Reynolds, of Taradale, has been burnt, and his valuable stacks of hay reduced to ashes. Mr. Urquharts place narrowly escaped. In the afternoon the inhabitants of Taradale were terrified by the approach of fire towards the township. The-fire-bell was rung, and the inhabitants turned out en masse. The mayor, Messrs. Jansen, Graham, Wilson, and other of the principal men of the town, directed the efforts of the men in extinguish- ing the fire. The whole country north and west of Taradale appeared in one sheet of flames, and the sky was filled with smoke. The fire seemed to have come from the direc- tion of Mount Alexander, consuming every- thing in its course. It was asserted that the estate of Frogmore was almost wholly de- stroyed. From another source, we learn that the farm of Mr. M'Clellan, in the line of fire near the Junction, narrowly escaped destruc- tion. As it was, two stacks of hay of two tons each were burned. At this place the fire was about one mile in width. Other large farms in the vicinity were placed in great jeopardy. Looking in the direction of Heathcote, there is every probability that the bush fire has also committed great ravages in that quarter. At present, it is impossible to estimate accu- rately the extent of the damage done, but it must be very considerable. At night Castle- maine was surrounded with a zone of flame, or rather the reflection of burning timber, and the atmosphere was most oppressive and unbreathable. Since the above was written, we have heard that about eighteen home- steads, lying between the Mount and the Junction, have been totally destroyed. Mr. Dainty and Mr. White have been consider- able losers by the fire, and it is reported that the child of Mr. Thomas was burned in the flames. A valuable racehorse was also killed. KYNETON The bush fires that have been raging in this district during the last few days have gained in intensity day by day. Miles of bush country have had to yield to the devouring element and in many cases farms and grass paddocks have been one after the other de- stroyed. Between Carlsruhe and Kyneton towards the Bald-hill a large fire has been raging for more than a week and on Monday and Sunday it increased in intensity sweep- ing away farms and homesteads in its relent- less path. On Monday between ten and eleven o'clock the fire swept across the pad- dock of Mr Argyle and attacked the fences of Mr. Halliday whose farm is just verging on the township. Sweeping across the farm, the flames quickly caught the outhouses; the hay- stack, a stack of straw, stables and everything except the dwelling house itself were soon en- veloped in fire. The fire was seen from the township and a large number of townspeople went across to render what assistance was in their power, and they succeeded in saving the dwelling house which was literally the only thing upon the farm that was not de- troyed. A large stack of hay supposed to weigh forty tons, a stack of straw, the stable in which was the harness, outhouses and barns were all destroyed. Four times the fire caught the dwelling house. All the furniture, bedding, &c.;, had to be removed. The pro- perty after the fire was somewhat subdued presented a most deplorable aspect, the ground bare and and black, stumps of trees still burning, and the house - a mere wreck - the only object above the level of the soil. A crop of potatoes facing the road was partially, but not altogether destroyed. Mr. Halliday, as is well known, has been bedridden for some time past, and it was, with difficulty he could be persuaded to submit to removal, so utterly unconscious was he of his danger. None of the property was insured. Sweeping along towards the pound, the fire next attacked the farm of Messrs Mills. and McDonald. Here the fire caught about three o'clock and swept everything before it with the force of a whirl- wind bidding defiance to any steps to stay its progress. The dwelling, outhouses, barns, &c.;, two or three stacks of corn, and the entire produce were completely burnt down in an incredibly short space of time. The next place that caught was that of Mr. Crawford and the same fierce rapidity characterised the manner in which the fire destroyed his farm. Two stacks of corn, outhouses, fencing and in fact everything except the animals, were destroyed. The next place to succumb was that of Mr. Martin popularly known as Rosemary Garden and without exception this was before destroyed by the fire - one of the finest gardens in this district. What was once the garden is now one burnt black patch of barren soil denuded of every vestige of cultivation. The build- ings, outhouses, piggeries, &c.;, are all de- stroyed together with a quantity of oats and other produce. The farm of Mr. G. Pell was the next to submit to the mastery of the devouring element, and the same relent- less fury which previously prevented any- thing being saved also had effect here. Mr. Pell's dwelling house, his barn, outhouses, two wagons, 4,000 to 5,000 bushels of grain and the entire crop of the season were destroyed. Next was that of Mr. C. Pell, whose barn, stable, and an immense quantity of oats, roughly computed at between 5,000 and 6,000 bushels were destroyed. By immense exer- tions on the part of those about, the dwelling house was saved Mr. Dalby's place was on fire almost simultaneously, and everything on the farm of this gentleman was completely destroyed not a stick or vestige remaining. Mr. Yeaman's place was also on fire but we are not in a position to state the amount of de- struction. The farms of Mr. Gallagher and Mr. Welsh caught and their houses, stacks of hay and straw were all destroyed. It is of course impossible as yet even to estimate the amount of damage that has been done by this fire, but it will be immense and will cause the complete ruin of many hardworking thriving families. The manner in which the fire first originated is not known. Many of the oldest residents in the district say that not even on the well remembered "Black Thursday" was the heat so intense as it was yesterday. The scene where the fire had been, as it swept in its onward course, was de- plorable to witness. Miles of land that a short time before had presented all the evi- dences of the highest cultivation, and on which were erected good and substantial dwellings were no more than blackened and useless forest land, fences destroyed, and, in fact every vestige of cultivation swept away. Whatever Black Thursday was, Monday the 27th of February, 1865, will long be remem- bered as an evil and terrible day in this dis- trict. Last night as the sun went down, the picture presented was terribly grand - miles of country presenting a face of continued fire, with the flame creeping up and spitting forth from the top of the forest trees, reminding one more of a raging volcano than of what is ordinarily known as a bush fire. We have since heard that, in addition to those mentioned above Mr. Kearny s place took fire, as also that of Mr. O'Brien adjoin- ing and nearly everything on the two places was destroyed. Mr. Kearny who was con- fined to his bed had to be carried out of his house. A large stack of corn and other pro- duce, besides fencing, were destroyed on Mr. Kearny's farm. It is also rumored that Mr. Govett's station has been devastated by the fire and the home station dwellings, &c.;, completely swept away. There is little doubt we shall hear of very much more destruction yet. A smart shower of rain has fallen, put- ting an end to further danger at present, but the fires are still burning in patches especially amid the trees. NEWSTEAD. Newstead was yesterday surrounded by bush fires and many of the inhabitants are apprehensive for the safety of the town. As a girl was washing in Marsden's yard, sparks from a fire lighted outside flew on to a dry dung heap; the straw immediately ignited and had it not been for the strenuous exer- tions of a score of men, several of the houses would most probably have been consumed. The bush fire on the range near the Bridge Inn was at three o'clock towering yards high. Some horses, startled by the blaze and smoke broke away, and the residents were in a state of excitement and dread. SANDHURST. Monday in Sandhurst was the hottest the dustiest, the most miserable and the most unbearable day we have had for many seasons. Early in the day a fierce hot wind com- menced to blow, driving an atmosphere like the blast from a furnace in the face of any one who had to go into the street. While scorching the unfortunate foot passengers with its heated breath, the wind was strong enough to lift that horrible road mixture of the town clerks from the surface of the streets, and in addition to being half scorched by the hot wind one was totally blinded by the clouds of dust. Between two and three o'clock the thermometer marked 105° in the shade in Pall Mall, while about that time large bush-fires were observed in nearly every direction around Sandhurst. The glare from the bush-fires was distinctly visible on the horizon round about the town. A large fire, which appeared to be burning in the direction of the Upper Sheepwash, threw up a reflection which led many to believe that a large fire was consuming some of the houses situated in the southern portion of Sandhurst; while another large fire to the eastward also illumi- nated the sky in that direction. About nine o'clock a perceptible change to a cooler atmosphere took place and after one or two threatening showers, the rain commenced to come down with considerable force until about eleven o'clock, when it ceased. The gale did considerable damage amongst frail buildings. Between twelve and one o'clock the gale seemed to be blowing its hardest, and at that time the roof of Jones's Brewery, McCrae-street was blown off. The iron roof and verandah of Mr. Sa- vern's dwelling, Bernal-street, was also carried away by the wind. One of the front win- dows of the Mechanics Institute was blown right in and fell on a beautiful specimen of coral in a glass case, both of which were smashed. The bush-fires were unprecedented in the memory of the oldest resident. We were informed by a gentleman who arrived from Echuca by the evening train, that the whole of the bush in the neighbourhood of Goornong, and indeed on both sides of the line from Runnymede to the latter named place, was burning fiercely. In the direction of Huntly, and between there and the Whip- stick there were bush fires, away towards Myers'-flat immense bodies of smoke and flames were to be seen throughout the day, and again in the direction of Bullock Creek and Lockwood there were extensive fires. To the north-east a large fire was also visible, but at a great distance. The appearance of the horizon around Sandhurst before the rain began to fall was remarkable, for in every direction fires lit up the dark canopy of clouds with a lurid glare. We have not heard whether any damage to property has been caused in the vicinity of Sandhurst; but we fear that such extensive conflagrations must have involved valuable property to a considerable extent. Those who were in the colony on Black Thursday must have been struck with the similarity of yesterday to that memorable day. There was the same fierce, rushing, hot, north wind, the sky and the surrounding landscape obscured by the smoke of innumerable fires and the dust, and at night the grateful change of a cool breeze from the south, with refreshing showers. GEELONG. Mount Moriac was the scene of a confla- gration that will be remembered for some time. It was a road board day, and during the sitting the alarm was given that the whole Mount was on fire. The board at once ad- journed, and each member sallied forth armed with a sack, the bough of a tree, or whatever came first to hand, and prevented the fire crossing the Mill-road, in which case a large quantity of easily combustible property would have fallen a prey to the flames. In front, on top of the Mount, a portion of Mr. Tindale's vineyard was on fire, but the vines, from the moisture in them, offered a check to the flames, which were spreading over a field of long grass, and here and there por- tions of the vineyard fence might be seen burning. Below the vineyard, at the foot of the mount, was Mr. Riche's homestead, and, as the wind was blowing fiercely in this direc- tion, the whole of the buildings seemed in- evitably doomed to destruction. Just as the fire approached the homestead, however, the wind suddenly veered round, and with the gust the fire swept round the corner of Riche's farm, leaving the homestead uninjured. On it came, curling and crackling through the long stubble, towards the Mill road, igniting a large stack of straw, and coming right up to the woodwork of the small chapel used by the Bible Christians. From ten to twenty men here worked energetically to beat the fire down, and the chapel was saved. In the mean time the fire was rapidly rolling onward to the right, in the direction of the Barrabools. A man named Mahoney had only threshed out his wheat on Saturday, and had some two or three hundred bushels on the ground ; the whole of this, and nearly the entire homestead, were consumed in less time than it takes to write it. Mulligan's farm build- ings fell next, the house escaping almost by a miracle. On it went till it reached the hol- low in the Mill-road, where Reuben Clarke's house was situated. There was no time to remove anything; the dry weatherboards seemed to lick up the flames till the whole was, in a minute or two, in a blaze. Far away to the right, as now and then the wind par- tially cleared the atmosphere of the dense smoke, bodies of red fire were distinctly visible, as of burning buildings or stacks. A splitter saw at some distance his hut, in which he had left his wife and child, in flames, and he took the first horse he could get, and rode to them through fire and smoke, so fierce and suffocating at times that it was dangerous to approach it. The damage done is far greater than can at present be estimated, for it was only from what could be distinctly seen from a distance that our account is penned, and the fire appeared to be spreading with consi- derable rapidity. It appears that on Satur- day a fire was kindled by some splitters on the Mount, and it is probable, therefore, that the disastrous conflagration was owing to the embers then left smoldering. A bush-fire was burning at night in the Bellerine dis- trict, the reflection of it being visible in the air. A fire was also seen across the bay, in the direction of the Little River. We have since heard that it extended over several square miles of grass land, and was ap- proaching the farms, being within half a mile of the railway station. LEARMONTH. The Learmonth district has again been the scene of extensive fires. On Sunday night two stacks of oats, on the farm occupied by Mrs. Hynes, at Ercildoun, were discovered to be on fire. The stacks were situated fully a quarter of a mile from the road, and every precaution as to ploughing around them for the purpose of protecting them from fire had been attended to. About 1,000 bushels of grain were destroyed. On Monday, a fire oc- curred on the run of the Messrs. Learmonth. Several constables who were in attendance at the Learmonth Police Court, when the fire broke forth, were sent off to the scene of conflagration, Particulars had not been received when the mail left Learmonth, but from the appearance of matters from the township, there is reason to fear that all the grass upon the run has been destroyed, and probably buildings as well. Mr. Vaughan, Happy Valley, has had a stack of wheat, believed to contain 3,000 bushels, completely destroyed. Mr. Holgate, of Mount Bolton, has had the whole of his fences and grass (that is, all that escaped a fire on Thurs- day last) completely destroyed. A butcher named Smith, at Mount Bolton, had his place on fire, and with difficulty saved his dwelling house alone. His out- houses were all con- sumed, and some pigs were actually roasted alive. At Burrumbeet, among the farms held under the Messrs. Learmouth, much damage has been done. On Mr. Robertson's run, Burnbank, there was also a great and, it is feared, destructive fire. On Monday, a large portion of the country at Smeaton, between the Three Castles Hotel and Smeaton Hotel, was on fire. The flames extended to Kingston, and much property has been consumed. The Smeaton Hotel and the large stock of liquors, &c.;, contained therein (valued at about £800) notwithstanding the utmost exertions of fifty men, were utterly destroyed. There was also consumed a stack of oats and another of hay (worth about £200) belonging to Mr. Andrew Mather. A farmer at Glendonald has had three stacks destroyed. A number of persons at Spring Gully have been burned out. Coffey's grass paddock, at Spring-hill, has been burned up. A farmer named Flanagan, at Birch's Creek, has had a good deal of pro- perty destroyed. Large fires are burning near Mount Prospect, near the Deep Creek ; also in Bullarook. The stocks of grain and dwell- inghouse of Mr. Adam Broomfield, jun., at Bullarook, as also the stacks and dwelling of Mr. John Ray, have been burned. There was a large fire at Scrub-hill. Hundreds of acres on the ranges between Ballarat and Bunin- yong have been on fire during the day, and are still burning. The bush was in flames from Warrenheip to Lal Lal. A great many cattle were destroyed, and many more, ap- palled by the flames, were running madly about in all directions. THE HON. AND REV. William George HOWARD who succeeds to the earldom of Carlisle, is rector of Londesborough, York- shire, a benefice which is worth about £900 a-year, and is in the gift of Lord Londes borough. He was born in 1803, and has held his present benefice since 1832. 