PREPARATIONS OF MANURES. (To the Editor of the Australasian.) Snr,-One of your correspondents asked, in a recent number of the Australasian, if it would be proper to burn bones, as he was not within reach of a crushing-mill. I have no doubt that this question is one of con siderable importance to many residents in country districts. The burning of bones, like the burning of vegetable matter, is a useless waste of fertilizing elements. There is a very similar process by which bones may be reduced to a soft state without crushing, and without any loss. This con sists in simply fermenting them in a heap of stable-manure, covering the heap with a few inches of loose soil to absorb the am monia and other gases, which would other wise escape. In dissolving bones by fer mentation, it is necessary to guard against the production of either too moderate or too great a heat. To produce a proper amount of fermentation to dissolve the bones without destroying the stable-manure is what is re quired. It will therefore be necessary to examine the bones from time to time, to ascertain when the process is completed. This might be done by thrusting an iron rod into the heap. When the fermenting process has been completed, the bones will be found reduced to a soft state. Further active fermentation should then be stopped by turning over the heap, or if the bones are required for separate use as manure they may be removed. As the formation of compost heaps is very much neglected in this colony, a few re "marks on this subject may be worthy of attention. In the management of land there should be no neglect or waste of manural elements, because the collection of them involves extra labour or extra expense during periods of thie year when there is leisure for such work. An immense quantity of manure might be collected on every farm by simply making use of every spare mo mont, and by taking advantage of every opportunity which may occur. Of co+rse it would be foolish to waste money or labour in collecting manures if more can be pur chased and brought to the ground at a less cost; but still, to pay money for" foreign manures, and to oconomiso time in collecting others at hand, will be found by most farmers to be operations, widely .different, and the one far less satisfactory than the other. There are two sources from which valuable manures may be obtained, but.which in this country have as yet attracted very little attention. Peruvian guano is sometimes purchased at £15 per ton, whilst the car casses of all dead animals are generally allowed to putrefy on the surface of the ground, and taint the atmosphere. It is even greater waste to expend labour in bury ing or burning such carcasses. If they wore covered up in the centre of a heap of earth and there, left to decompose-the flesh having first been cut up into small pieces and mixed with the soil-in a short period a soupy mass would he produced, of great value as a manure. The bones might after wards be decomposed in the manner already referredto. In all such operations, how ever, it will be necessary to prevent total loss by maggots. Salt is hero, perhaps, too expensive to be used for this purpose, and limoe is not generally plentiful. Lime-water is fatal to all insects, and if used in sufficient quantity to destroy maggots, it would be beneficial. If caustic lime wore used it would dissipate ammonia, which might not be all absorbed by the covering soil. It will be best to put carcasses into such com post heaps before they have become much fly-blown. Every landowner and stockowner has, un fortunately, many available carcasses, espe cially since the introduction of plouro-pneu monia ; and if, instead of burning or burying them, or leaving them to putrefy on the surface of the ground, a little trouble were taken to convert thorn into manure, the results would more than compensate for the labour bestowed. Flesh and blood are fertilisers of the first class, and four or five carcasses of average weight ought to produce a return equal to a ton of the best guano. There is another material available often in great abundance, but which is almost wholly neglected. It is seldom, indeed, that anyone is over found making use of vegeta ble matter as a manure. Indeed, the rule in this colony is to do everything possible to prevent any vegetable matter getting mixed with the soil. Even the very stubble left on the field is frequently burned. There can hardly be a more wanton waste than this. He who wilfully burns any vegetable matter deprives his land of that store of wealth provided for it by bountiful nature. It is a great sacrifice-a burnt-offering to the genius of stupidity, rendering all the labour of the elements during the year abortive in one foolish moment. It is this burning of vegetable matter which has made Australian soils different from the soils of other old countries, in having so little decay ing and decayed vegetable matter. What bush-fires effected, up to the advent of civilized farmois, from time immemorial, has been more rapidly and perfectly carried on sines. The Greeks and the Romans knew the value of vegetable matters as fertilisers. Hear what was written nearly 2000 years ago:-" You may make manure," says Cato, "of these things-stubble, lupines, straw, bean-stalks, chaff, haulm, and oak leaves. From the corn-fields, pullout dwarf elder, hemlock, and all the tall grass and reeds in the willow plantations, and lay them below the sheep arid cows." Columella also says :--"I am not ignorant that there are some farms in the country in which neither the dung of cattle nor of birds is to be got. However, even in such places he is a slothful husbandman that has no manure. lie may collect any kinds of leaves, the cut tings of briers, and rakings of highways ; he may cut ferns, which, though on the fields of his neighbours, will be rather an advan tage than an injury to them, and mix with the cleanings of the court-yard. He may dig a hollow place, such as we directed for the dunghill, and throw into it ashes, the dirt of the kennels and jakes (store-houses), all kinds of straw, and everything that is swept from the house." These ancient writers appear to have known better than many modern practical farmers the true value of vegetable substances. Even our .own abhorred thistle, which is by common consent every year threatened with a destruction which itnover executed, might be turned to a very useful purpose if decomposed in compost heaps. In short, all kinds of weeds, even the worst, with all their seeds ripe, might, without risk, be first fermented and then placed in a compost heap. The fact should never be lost sight of that every vegetable during its growth derives the constituents of which it is composed from the atmosphere as well as the soil; that burying restores to the earth and to the at mosphero respectively whatever has been derived from either source, and that by re turning an entire plant to the earth, you give to the soil more than was taken from it during its growth, and thus lay up a store of food for the nourishment of other plants. But more than this, the very process of de composition, which takes place when green plants are buried in the soil or placed in compost heaps, acts upon the soil, and pro pares inorganic constituents required in the growth of plants. Yours obediently, W. LOCKHART M'ORTON. 