Oar Melbourne, paper« ore tö the' lita December,'»nd snake tho following oxtracts :- -: .. '?" .?' r ".' - The,beat in the country, during the week seems.to have been more «overa than it was in Melbourne. -We obserra'from the Talbot Les'er that, on Thursday an extensive bush fire took place between, Talbot- and Maryborough. The einflsgra'ion, which extended over a distance of three miles, is describer aa having been most terrifie, huge trees falling In every direction, and the vast sheets of flame that arose ae each "giant of the forest" fell a victim to the flames, waa very grand.. Near Kyneton, also, bush-fires prevailed. The Observer say« : -" On Friday tte. bett was mott oppressive, and' two or three boah-U'ea wera se?n .barning in various directions-one on Mount Macedon, and. one apparently in the Jini Crow-road,' burnt fiercely all day, and was not extinguished at night.". , We have the following information as to the «tate of the crops from the Warrnambool Examiner : -".In the eirly part of the week' some fine showors-of rain fell throughoat the district, adding greatly to the chances of good crops for the season The orops from Ooloo down to Warrnambool look very well, with the excep- tion of oats, .which' appear generally to be a failure throughout tho colony. In most instances the crop is being cut dow» for bay. When we elate that the crips look very well from Oolao to Warrnambool, mr reader! ?tost not anderstand that there is that breadth of country under culture. Wo on'y allude, of coarse, to where there "are orops, there not being in this distriot anything like the extent of land under crop in com Earlson with""dur great grain-growing periods. There if, owover, a large extent of land planted with potatoes, and it the esou'ent in worth a paying price this season i our fat mers hâve a go: d prospect b; fore them." The Kyneton Guardian report« that a rase of English cholera hat" proved fatal at Kyneton' Hospital. . The patient, a Mr«. Gook, from Tylden, was. admitted into the hospital on the 29th November and died oa tho 5th December. The following1 instance of death from the bite of a onako is furnished by the Geelong Register's correspon- dent at Colao :-A Mrs. Grant, wile of a shepherd rt aiding at Watch-hill station, some fourteen miles from Oolao, on the night of Friday last, heiring a disturbance in the fowl-boose, at once repaired thither, wheo she saw a large snake in the no-tof oae of the fowls. Shoat onos nave the alarm, but the snake escaped. On examin- ing the nest, two chickens were fonnd dead Agsia on Monday, the same disturbance being heard, Mrs- G ant got np, and partly dreseed, entered the house, and not seeing the reptile, but judging one had beea there, im- prudently pot her bands into the box ornest, when she was immediately seized by a enake, whioh for some con derable time held on to her thumb Having dis- engaged herself of the enemy, the husband coming in to her assistance, lost mach va'u.b'e time in following and dispatching the reptile, whioh he did with a ppade. The sequel rons that, no medical aid teing av ai fable, save by going to Ojias for it, the woman died early the following morning-" 