epitome of latest NLYv b. I ^ wnntwortli Dickson, not appearing on sum 1 !?« nn '«« a charge or perjury nt Last Mu.tlund' n0 , rant has beeu'issuod. 0 » Shadier of llunter-streut, is making . j iir*A;,,i „7i the 'III louf, ot -1(1. Kyo flour is i ' col0,'lftod \u addition to' muizo und wheat. . j introduced ^ (f) ,)u rn|)iJly disappearing, nnd ! ?! t) Jt eBbbftgc in tlio vicinity of Sydney .8 iron from that destructive insect. A telegram from Orange, to the Empire states that The Golden Point Claim, at Wentworth, has turned out an enormous yield. Three thousand four hundred ounces of gold has been obtained from twenty tons of stuff. The "Bathurst Times" of 18th instant says :-A : . lh' l,ncn]to weighing about a pound avoirdti ' : l-otwhon ^'ft-t the oflico of this journal on Monday \ : pois, wa3 i'i- ? , F Clements, with tlio intimation f bee 'made from wheat which in the ' ' ^ d was waving -' tho field, at bis farm upon ' 1 ,inor11!f'S a Vitli tho aid of an Adeiaido reaping I i' ll'cl. 'ln tho drain was ronpad, thrashed, cleaned, ! 7„td Into dour, and baked into bread with... the i ] poviod of two hours. i n Wmlnesduv afternoon a man named Jarae* i ! M1 kHl.o.-cr, residing in Pitt-strect, Rcdf'ern. yjtato died very suddenly. After taking '! VWf f ho Was jokinl with some of his com r ; lnfl dmii intT t0 work yustordny, at tlio same p.am°',d,winE his pipe- All in a moment however. \- timo enj' 'alarm. lie fell back on tlio grass « The 'Herald' states tlmt tho Assembly was i ' i.,i .InriiiL' tlio debate on tho Address m reply i rf E^»s^ech- Uor:lcrMc ' ' J m i i, i fc.sted ill reference to the amendment ?1 rr Minion.- On tbc amendment of Mr i n „ ,,r owin' to the firmness ot the general 1111 ' Son ,!.at°tlie result would be .averse to the i Lvcrn nent. there was litlle,;if any, consideration ; j of party feeling, when tho division was announced. *'.{ TI,o bush-fires, says tlio « Wangaratta Dispatch.' ! ..which we bava noticed of Into so repeatedly, stil : 5 mm to ra'0 around Wangaratta with unabated fH C 'Vr m&» around for the last month the ? 1 oi,.mont has been malting uespei.uu i.iouid.u...-, vu ! nc,-3' homesteads and cop,, and on many ' a it was only by tho combined efforts of 1 7\\\Z the locality that inevitable destruction was ; kept from their doors.' 1 a triil which has created some excitement in com i Jrc hi circles has recently taken place at halluces I m rrhn aetion was one brought in the Supremo 5 William Wilson White and Alfred Alex ! i . Ttutler trading in Launcostc.il under the liiiinu i w White and Co.. against tho Union Dank '?- nf Ai'is ralia, for breach of contract iu dishonoring. ' t lv\ acceptances and cheques. and for damage ?' 1-v a libellous letter written by tho man ' ' If the Luinceston branch of tlio bank, calculated ^! SoftliM.I»in® There woro 17 counts in the declaration, and tho damages wefo laid at £10 000. The trial occupied thrco days, and tic report '/ills seventeen columns of the Launccston ; Kv, i minor ' After three hours deliberation, the i jufy gave a venlict for plaintiffs, damages £2000. I Tlio ' Unbart Town Advertiscv' gives ua the {ol Inwiii' information rclitivo to tho young trout and j palinon : — ' Tho news up to tho 15th, from the New \- Norfolk breeding ponds is of the most obeorinK cluvraoter in vefereuco to tho salmon and trout in tlio mmd.i. As to tho salmon, Mr. Ramsbottom states that they aro exceedingly lively, actually jumping out I of the water ; and they have grown nt such a rate as S to surpass anything of the land ho over heard Within I .! . _ _ f„nr months thev hav.i crown so iiiiiich as to completely astonish him Only ono or the largo number in tlio ponds lias died within the last three months, aud tlmt was supposed to bo a il-.rormod fish. Tho trout have also progressed in nr. equally satisfactory manner. They havo grown threu times the size they wore two months ago, and some ore now observed to moauuro upwards ot three inches in length. Mi-. Ramsbottom nccompanios this cheer, in' intelligence by the statement that be has now no d'iubt that the fish have boon thoroughly acclimatised and that the waters of Tasmania arc almost ns well nuited to the breeding of this fish as their own native (livers. Tho eoiTesponder.t of the ' -Empire' - writes :— Yesterday afternoon (Wednesday) tho body or a newly bom f.-male infant was discovered lying un covered under the Long 13ridgo._ situate at the west end of this town. Some littlu Rnls, it appeals, weie vlnvin' ill the locality mentioned, wheu_ they aajv, It-in' close down by tho bridge (which, it must be lionie in mind, passes over a low hollow, impasshblo for podestvians iu times of flood), a p.ecc of rag very much bloodstained. One of- them, named lr.nda at once wont and informed her inothei, who,, upon j stooping down and looking under an opening be i tnucn the -bottom of the bridge and the gn.und-a ! bpaco nt this particular spot of only eight' or ten ' inches— saw what she imnicuiatoly reeogn sod ok ? tho body of a very young child. Ibe po.ice «ei ( ninmunicatod with, nnd woro quick y on tUo bpol. I Nulhing was found about -tlio place like j ^ afTo.d , my clue to the unnatural mother, a,:d thu bodi of 1 tliii child was removed by tho police to the hospital, , which is near at hand, thoro to await an inquest, which it was expected would be held early thu day ( Thursday), l.uto last evening there was n rumor r illoat to tho offect that Sergcnt Kerrigan—that l.vnx \-- eyed oflicor, to whom the Maitland publio owe so l* . much — has diseovorod iiomo due to tho pcrpctiatiii ,[?? of this nbominablo criiuo. Sincerely to be hoped 13 ?f, it that tho report may turn out to ho true, and that '' thu guilty mother, Whoever she is, may bo speedily i brought to justice. i Tho ' Mclhouina Argus'' statos that, a caso was 1 heard in Ararat on b'riday morning last, which : caused intenso interest amongst the inhabitants. Thu mayor of tho borough, Thomas Walker, was i nunimoned bv a votor named Shaw, for divulging the ,1 manner in which ho bad voted at the last munieipal I cleotion. Tlio charge was laid under tho 100th S, section of tho Municipal Institutions Act, which, ir mj proved, left but ono courso open to tho Uonch — « namely, to commit the offender to bo tried for u mis ,0 demeanour at the Circuit Court or Court of General et Sessions!. The cvidonco adduced showed thnt nt a c(- conversation which was hold at the Council Club is Hotel, Melbourne, between tho. members of rival at deputations sent from Ararat to support and oppose BJ nil application for a (fiant for building a town-hall, id aud at which ono or both of tho members for Ararat m wcro present, the subject turnod on tho Into ruunici ul pal election, and tho mayor, speaking of this voter, U3 stated that lie bad promised to vote for him ; but, iio boing suspicious of tho promise so made, ho had jy ohservod the manner in which ho erased tho names ml from tha ballot paper, nnd particularly noticed tho ,vo 1 mdnnov in which he folded the same. Tiio mayor also | told thoso present Hint at tho closc of the election Iio took out tho papor, which ho knew by its peculiar j fold, and found that ho (Shaw) had voted for a candi date named William O'Callaghan, and ' blackened the faces of nil the rest.' The town clerk produced tin: ' sealed bundle of ballot-papers, nnd on being ordered by tho majTisfrato to open it. produced tho paper in i quostion, It wns found that Shaw bad scratched oilt au tuo names except Hint oi vr . u ijaii'iguau miu Jainos D. Smith. Tho Bonch regarded tlio ease ns siitlieicntly olear to send it beforo a jury, and his worship was committed for trial to the next Ararat Circuit Court to bo holdcn oil tho 7th of February. Iio was admitted to bail in bis own recognizances of £100 aud two surotics of £50 cacli, Tho ' Talbot Leader ' gives the following account ot a vory narrow esc ipe from poisoning: — 'A short timo since a.hawkur went about this distriot selling a liquid for plating common nlotnl spoons with silvor. Abnnsi-Mifu residing near Avooa purchased some, and kept it in a phial, along with others, in an ap- I pointed place. A neighbouring piuldler, whose wile was unwell, eamo to this good lady and asked her for some swcot spirits of nitre, to admiuiste/ino-licinnlly The phial containing the plnting acid was given to bim, but he had his doubts ns tu whethor ho had got what ho had askod for, and to convince him that it wns the light modiciilo, his obliging neighbour poured somo of tho liquid out int) a Muo glass and drank it off, wbcrj to hur horror, slio quickly discovered that she bad takeu the acid. Inwardly sho quickly bocamo in a violent state of ellorveseunco. Sho drank two tumblers of water, but this only made matters worso, nnd caused tlio Utomii to rush out of her mouth in n most violent manner. Medical assistance was at once called in, and the emetiii brought tlio offensive contents of tlio ?;'«i«i;ii away, tiic poor woman nau laicon a hiiiii cicnt quantity of the mixture to poison four men, but is now in a fair way of recovery. A strange story was rclAted by Mr. Carpenter to tlio Vietorhn Logislntivo Assembly. A man who far a long time past ban been living a respectable j™ at l'rahran, who liaB bcun in the employ of Mr. j'lioch Chambers, niid has brought up a large fauiily, 'J# just boeil arrested nt tho instance of the Tasma iiian GovoVnment on the ground that be absconded iroin that colony when undergoing sentonco as a con vict ,12 years ago. Both Mr. Miubio and Mr. Crews spoke to tho good character tho man hud borne in I'M country, The t'oi mur gentleman also stated that ii 1 0.52 a prae'iee prevailed in Tasmania of convicts caving, nut only with the concurrence but almost i |-n l»e compulsion of tlio Government for nei;;hbUui , 'K colonies. This, ubsurved Mr. Michie, might lioa | ?-?ne of the kind, und if so. he should be disposed to , 3«estio,i the propriety of calling it a r,,s, „f abscud i J!®' som,i di»eusHioii tlw Cliief Seeretavy e.\ ^ willing, jusii id Kulnnit thu mujiUomsd i ' uc Ou'vgrjimuntp ^ ? ? ? - A.t the coroncvB inquest hcl«.l nt Co\loctov on thv. body of constable NjIsoij, n verdict oi* wiful muniur was given ngninst Dtinn, and Hall and Gil bc.it for Aiding mid uhetti'i^. The jury reeommendod tins iatnily of the unfort»nato conritnule t-) the favor able consideration of the Government/ A -very improbablo story in related by thu nendi^o 41 Advertner ' foJlowrf : - About (ive o'clock on Wedn.^Mtlfiy afternoon, » voting and well-atlired rii 1 wns seen loitering in the locality of tlio municipal pond At tho back Creole, apparently with some uu usual object in view. In a few minutes she \va:i seen 'tointj into an old tpmrry which is situated near the pond. Suspicions wero aroused with some of the porous who saw her, and {shortly afterwards they went to the place and found that the woman had just gircn birth to a child, which she tried to strangle, 'l'ho persons who discovered her — two of them women — offered Lo take iho child und attend to it, hut without saying anything, the woman caught up tho newl3f-boii) child, and placing it in tho Hkirt of her dre* i ran off with profit speed into the bush. In formation w.13 ^iveu to the polico, but no trace.-? of the won an or child could he found. Commenting 0:1 the remarks tnnde by tha ' Home News' on the course Aduptcd by Victoria in reference to tlio transportation (pieation, Iho ' Argun' says : — The lecture of our paste and-scissor* contemporary the l- Home Nowf,' is amii*in«y— specially amusing — from tho fact that- it comes out of tho mouth of a journal supposed to ho peeuliirly adapted f:«r Aus tvnlian minds. In trusting that the history of Ihc lato misunderstanding may bo u a lefison1' to us, the * Homo News'* reminds ns of that cla*s:c-il joke ? f tho magistiate, who, in dismissing a prisoner from tho dock without a stain upon his charadci, took occasion t) hope that it might he ' a warning ' to him. Let us endeavour to accejit the instruction witlidue humility, and lo nrofifc bv it if wo can. It is a lesson. im1eo,\ which {?he colonists will not easily forget — a lesson ot the gross ignorance which prevails at home us to the | Australian questions - a lesson of tho wantonness with which a great nation can insult a little depen dency — a lesson of the enormous weight, of inertia which has to be overcome before a real Australian grievance can seriously be brought home to the English mind — a lesson of the almost in lif fereucc with which any of the Australian wrongs is rcgavded — a lesson for tho hundredth t m: repeated, of th-- dense ignnivmee which prevails in the official English mind as to tho true temper and feelings of Australians. The battle has not been fought iu vain, if only it h;is served to dispel a few of tho popular prejudices at home against Australia, and it has been taught a little geography in high places, and made the princip.il organs of the British, intelligence even dimly acquainted with the fact that Melbourne is not Uotauy Day, uor Queensland Western Australia. 