NORTHAM. (From our own Correspondent.} Our town of late has been on the advance. Cot tages are appearing here and there, where, a few months since, nothing was seen but bush; the addition to the Church is nearly completed, and will prove a great convenience; the School room is also finished; and a party of prisoners are now engaged clearing the site selected (or the lock-up, the bricks for which are on the ground. So that we may truly be said to be advancing. The party of men which have been of late engaged on the roads are now stationed in Northam, and it is to be hoped that after they have completed their present work, they will be employed in repairing and clearing the roads about the townsite, the present tracks in the town being in many cases through the centre of grants. Doubtless it only requires pointing out to have it rectified. The bridges burnt down by the summer bush-fires have beesn replaced in a first-rate manner by warder Wilson's party, and gives general satisfaction. The portion of road made by Fishwick's party is also well done, aud in both cases, credit is due for the quantity of work got through, as well as the manner in which it is done, it is to be hoped the road party will be detained in the district, where so little Government labour has been expended. The late rains started most of the farmers ploughing, and in some cases sowing has commenced. Rain is badly wanted now. The weather has been quite frosty for the past week, and will stop the ploughs. The stoppage of the sandalwood trade will have the effect of causing a large increase in the growth of corn over the hills. The farmers see it is the only thing to be depended on now. Though the price was low at the beginning of the season, it now commands 6s. delivered at the mills. The Mechanics' Institute,' started here some months since, continues to progress, and we are now enlivened by a mouthly lecture; So that on the whole, I tthink it may be fairly said we are moving forward, the only prevailing complaints being sore- throats and want of money. May 17, 1865. 