PARLIAMENT. LEGISLANTE ASSEMBLY. Fbtday, May 6. The Spbakbb took the chair at half-past four o'clock. PATERS. Mr. M'CULLOCH laid on the table regula- tions for female reformatory schools. NOTICES or MOIlOIf. Mr. CABPENTER gave notice that on Wednesday he would move for a return relative to the penalties and forfeitures of, and duties on, Chinese goods since 7th Sep- tember, 1863. \- _l.Mt, DANE gave notice that, on Tuesday, he would move for a return showing the places at which the Government intended v expending the £50,000 voted for the erection of bridges ; and also for a return showing the amount paid for publishing Hansard, and the arrangements connected with its publica- tion. Mr. ZEAL gave notice that, on Tuesday, he would move for a copy of the correspondence between the ongineer-in-chicf and the traffic enperlntendent of the Victorian Railways and the secretary or Commissioner of Hall- ways, relativo to the reconstruction of the passenger station at Batman's hill. NOTICES OP QUESTIONS. Mr. DANE gave notice that, on Tuesday, he would ask the Chief Stcretary when the re- gulations would bo published for provonting officers of the Civil Service from rccoiving payment for work performed outsido their re- spective offices ? Mr. BINDON gave notico that, on Tuesday> he would atk the Minister of Lands what arrangements had been made for tho salo and ciiculatlon of the planB and maps of the agricultural areaB now open for selection? PAYMENT AKU . CLASSIHCATION 017 TEACHERS. Mr. SANDS SBked the Chief Secretary if the Board of Education had paid any (and if so how many) teachers of the late National Board of Education according to tho classifi- cations they obtained at the last examination held by tho National Board on the 4tb, öth, and 6th August, 18C2? Mr. M'CULLOCH, in reply, read a letter from tho Board of Education, to the effect that the teachers who wero classified at the examination referred to were paid according to such classification, from the date of the approval of the rules and regulations of the board by the Governor in Council. Mr. RAMSAY remarked, that tho Common Schools Act provided that teachers should bo put and kept in the same classification under that act as they wore under tho pre- vious act. The hon. mombor was proceeding to complain that great injustice had been done to some of the teachers in consequence of this provision of the act not having boen observed, when The SPEAKER said that the bon. member waB not in order in making any observations. Mr. M'CULLOCH intimated that he would be glad to give any further information on the matter if it were asked for in the usual way. The subject then dropped. THE IMBECILE AND IMTTBM POOR. Mr. GIRDLESTONE moved " That, in the opinion of this House, the practice that prevails In some places of com- mitting imbecile or infirm persons, not being criminals, to gaol, for the sake of providing tbem with lodging, sustenance, and attend- ance, is unbecoming, and demoralizing to all classes of society, and ought to be imme- diately discontinued." The hon. member observed that thero wero no means of providing for imbecile and infirm persons who wero in Indigent circumstances except by committing them to a common gaol. He seed not comment upon the de- moralising effect of committing honest mon to gaol to associate with criminal!1. Any man, however poor or infirm ho might be, had a natural repugnance to being sent amongst criminals, and it was desirable that Buch a feeling should not be blunted. He hoped that the Government would introduce a clause in the Charitable Institutions Bill, or some other measure, in ordor to make special provision for the class of persons to whom he alluded, and relieve them from the painful necessity of having to go into a gaol. Mr. MACGREGOR seconded the motion. Mr. SULLIVAN fully ondorsod what had been sold by the hon, member who had pro posed the motion. The Government did not ! intend to offer the slightest opposition to the motion, but thought that it was a very propei subject upon wbich tho House should expresi its opinion. Somo years ago an attempt wai made, bo believed, to induco the hospitals ir the country districts to take charge of imbe cilo and Infirm persons, but nothing furthei seemed to have been done in tho matter Possibly clauses might be introduced in the Charitable Institutions Bill to meot the case but, at all events, it was the duty of the Government in some way or other to make provision for the support of the unfortunati persons in whose behalf the motion had beer brought forward, and to keep them from as sociation with criminals. Mr. CHEWS bore testimony, from his ex perience as a magistrate, to the necessity o the magistrates having the powor to dea with lunatics in Burne othor way than b; sending them to a common gaol. Mr. J. T. SMITH hoped that the Govern mont would introduco legislation on the sub ject as soon as possible. Ile had known case in which poor persona had broken windows or committed tome other trifling offence solely for the purpose of getting sent to gac during the winter months. Mr. RAMSAY suggested that the Govert ment should make futther inquiries, with th view of ascertaining if arrangements cou! not be made with the countiy hospitals t take charge of insane and infirm persons, Mr, HARKER cordially supported the mc tion. Ho referred to one or two cases i which women in the last stage of consumí tion had been sent to a common gaol, wher there were no appliances for thoir relief, an whero they were exposed to every concoivabl discomfort. Such a state of things was a re flection upon the humanity of the counlrj It was impossible! that the charitable institc tiona could provide for such caBes, for the were already crowded with othor objects t chaiity. At the Melbourne Benovolon Asylum, for instance, thero wore ton appl couts in ono day for one vacancy. He ej pressed his thanks to the hon. mombor fe Ararat for bringing forward the motion, an he trusted that the Government would, t soon as possible, provide a remedy for wht was a disgrace to tho whole colony. Mr. SANDS concurred with tho remarks i the previons speakers, and mentioned that t had known instances similar to what he been referred to by tho bon. member for We Bourke, in which poor persons had comm it te trifling offences in order to be lodged in ga during the winter months. Mr. CARPENTER asked if tho Goverr ment would adopt romedial measures at one because to allow tho present state of thhif to continue would be a disgrace to Parliamei and the country ? Mr. M'CULLOCH said the Minister Mines bad already Informed tho House tin the subject would receive the attention of ti Government. He fully sympathised with ti object in view, and considered it a disgrace i the colony that it was nicessary to Bend i: firm and imbecile persons to gaol in ordor provide them with tho means of suBtonanc All ho could promise) wns, that tho Gover ment would give the subject immediate a tention ; and ho trusted that, bofore the clo of the session, they would be ablo to subru somo proposition to the House in relation to The Government were anxious to deal wi the subject, but a good deal of constderatie was required on such an important matti In making provision for the inBano and i firm, care would havo ta bo taken that it d not extend to a general provision for t poor. Mr. FRAZER suggested that the mot! should simply declaro that it was expédie to próvido a proper asylum for imbecile a infirm persons. If the motion were adopt in Üb present form, the magistrates, in ort to act in accordance with tlio wlshea of t House, would have no option but to turn i beeile and infirm persons into tho strc until other provision was made for them. Mr. EDWARDS said that magistrates woi not act upon any resolution of the Hoi until they received a communication from i Minister of Justice. Mr. GIRDLESTONE thought that if word " immediately" was struck out of motion, it would accomplish the obj which the hon. member for Creswick had view, The motion, with the omission of the wi "immediately," was then agreed to. STATE AID TO JtELIOION. Mr. HARKER, In moving for loave to troduce a bill abolishing state aid to rellgl did not intend to make any lengthy rema i but to leave the discussion to the sec reading. When in committee on th«T hlll' h°f ?ïoul^pJ^p.088"thflnSrnduftl diminution °i the £50,000 by £10,000 a year, so that at ttu end of five j ears it would bo utterly abolished. .Mr, RICHARDSON seconded tho motion. Mr. TUCKER objected that the session was too far Reino for the proper consideration of such ameïsuTe. Mr. MACC-B13GOR saw no reason why so short a hill sho.uld not pass through this session ; still less why there should be any attempt at withdrawal at the present stage. Mr. SNODGRASS* hoped the motion wou'd bo withdrawn. It cdmt' so strangely from an hon. member to propose j/ayment of members one night, and to take av^ay payment from the ministers of roligion the nose. Mr. G. V. SMITH pointed out that tho coecb wore different. It was no¿ asked that hon. members should receive ,S30va your from the revenues of the church. Mr. CARPENTER waa not rtt' favour of tho abolition of state aid to religion, except, fiprbnps,ln thecentrosof population. Ho ,TouId ike the question put to test tho value of" cer- tain hustings pledges. Mr. COWELL supported the motion. Ha' regarded the vote at present as somowhat ano- malous, as it did not appear what thu " pur- poses of religion" were. Why evon China- men might claim a share. Mr. SHERWIN could not give a silent vote on so momentous an occasion. Twenty years' experience here and in Now South Wales had convinced him that without stato aid three fonrths of the country would bo without tho ordinances of religion. For eighteen or nine- teen years hu had tried to gather together a salary for a minister of religion wherever he had lived, and yet it was only accomplished with the greatest difficulty. Even within twenty-four miles of Melbourne, after four years' struggling, the community bud been unable to support a minister, who had consequently hoon taken away from them. What, then, would be tho case in thinner commuuities? It seemed to him that the colony was drifting back like Now South Wales. They began there with protec- tion, and whero were they now? Thoy abolished stato aid to religion, and had1 to double their police within two years. What followed ? Why, rapine, murder, and wreck throughout the length and breadth of the land. Churches weie cheaper than gaols, and clergymen than polico, and eo he should oppose tho bill in every Bhape. Mr. HOUSTON took a different view of tho arguments just used. Stato aid led the people to depend upon the stato, whilo any truo religion in tho country would support' itself. The hon. member for East Bourka had been unfortunate in his allusions to Now South Wale?, whero Btote aid to religion was not abolished, but all tho clergymen still' possessed a life interest in it. On the con- trary, South Austmlia would furnish an in- stance of a colony without state aid, whero Echools were plentiful, and clortrymon indus- trious and well supported. Ho believed a compromise waa intended, and hoped that by any means tho bill would pass. Mr.BBOWN held that tho £50,000 grant was intended for the Christian religion, and ho hoped would never bo devoted to encouingo the worship of idols. Mr. RICHARDSON thought the discussion irregular, ond believed nothing would como of it but that which would be repeated over and over again in futuro debates on this bill. Mr. J. T. SMITH was astonishod at tho arguments used, And that an bon. member should piopose payment of members ono night and tho robbory of the churches tho next. Tho £50,000 voto was a compact with the British Parliament, and should bo re- spected on that account, no asked hon. members to reflect on what thoy wero doing, and remembor that the matter was one ia which the state was not clear from obligation, not implied, but distinct and emphatic. As one who had settled hore boforo the first church was established, ho was satisfied that half or more of the places of worship in this country o^ed their very oxistenco to contri- bution by the state. It was a popular cry, " Let religion support itself," but it nover had done so, and never would do so. Ho hoped the House would ask Itself whether the courso proposed was a wise or prudent one. As for public opinion, he might stato that ho bad been returned for several different constituencies - one the largest in the colony-and that return had al way b fol- lowed an expression of the views ha held now, and always had hold. Ho did not believe that tho mensuro oould ha passed during the present Bcssion, and at any tate ho would give it his strenuous opposi- tion. Sir. HIGINBOTHAM thought that as the question had been bo repeatedly dealt witb, tho member for Collingwood should have given some good reasons for introducing it again, ne could not agree with the member, for West Bourke, that it would bo a robbory wore the state to interioro with tho £50,000 : for the Constitution Act, which confoircd tho grant, gave power also to withdraw or alter it. The question was an opon ono with the Government, and, therefore, ho did not hind his colleagues, when ho declared that ho should record his own voto against tho bill. Many hon. mcmberB were led to oppose the grant, he boliovcd, by feelings of distrust, which they brought with them from tho mother country, feelings founded on tho connexion which existed thorobetwoen Churcli and State. Irritation on the part of thoso who did not belong to tho dominant church wits natural enough, but it should be remombered that a similar stnto of things did not exist hore. Tho Slate did not profess any particular form, but divided its aid in equal proportion among nil the sects. Another feeling which led many to oppose tho "grant was the disgtiBt which waa felt at tho manner in which reli- gious sects sometimes obstructed public pro- gress, and whon tho opposition offered to tho settlement of the educational question was borne in mind, this disgust waa not to bo wondered at. At the samo timo bon. înom bors ought to put thuir feelings and prejudices aside, nnd consider the question on its own merits. Ho regarded tho grant himself not as a means of assisting religious sects, but as a means of advancing tho canso of religion. One body which numbered ueitrly half thecoin munity had not yet been trained to help itself, (Mr.M'Oulloch.-"ItBhould learn,") Doubtless it would do so. but time must bo given. Bear- ing in mind thu fact that so largo n propor- tion of the people were unusod to aid them- selves in this matter, and remembering also that this was a now country, he thought the gtant might fairly be continued, not porbaps permanently, but until tho country was set- tled and churches were built. The amount was emull and it had dono a groat doal of good. Mr. DALE remarked that tho last time tho question waB boforo the Parliament one bon. member opposed the abolition of the graut because he hud attached his namo to curtain pious bills of exchange. Since thon the church concerned had, in violation of the law, leased a portion of its reservo, for the purpoBO, ho supposed, of redeeming theso pious bills. Now, it was high time this kind of thing wn3 put a stop to. Ho had a grout horror of a para- mount church, and he felt that the surest way to cBtabliBh one was to grant state aid. Tho ono largo sect which had been alluded to would havo no objection whatevor to grasp the whole of tho spoil, and it 'was wrong to put temptation in its way. 'As for the country districts, it was notorious that tho sect which had dono tho most for the now rushos and the outlying settlements waa thoWeBloyauohurcli, tho lay memberB of which, as n body, wero opposed to state aid. Ho supported the bill on the ground that wherever state aid had been introduced it had dono harm ; and also because ho held that civil government should bo limited to civil purposes. Mr. KVTE Enid it was, a very awkward time for tho member for Collingwood to in tioduco thiB firebrand-lor a firebrand the bill wop, and always had been, nitherto ho had supported tho various proposals for the aboli- tion of the grant, but ho felt called upon to voto ugainBt tho present measure. Tho Go vernment had given their supporters to un- derstand that ovory night was required-thoy were, peihaps, at the threshold of n dissolu- tion-and ytt the hon. member would intro- duce a bill of this debatable character. Ho advised tho hon. member to withdraw tho measure, and ro introduce it at the beginning of a BeBBion, for it was likely enough to re- quit o a session to itself. - Mr. HARKEB said it was no fault of his that the bill came at the und cf thu Session. He had given notice of motion two months ngo, but a delay had arisen lu conseeiuenco of his being enonoouBly informed that the motion was not In order. As to his not, addressing any remarks to the House in the fust instance, hu thought bo was Consulting the convenience of hon. members in taking the discussion on the socond reading. The. only argumont tho Attorney General "bael adduced was, that the members of a certain sectlcn of tho religions community were bo accustomed to state aid, that were it with, drawn they would dwindle down to a very insignificunt rortion of the people. Now, this, ho maintained, was a ¡trans argument ' against state aid, for tf it reduced a sect to such a condition of weakness that it could not maintain its clergymen, tho sooner it was done, away with the better. As a matter ty fact, he denied that the members f)5 'che Church of England were unaccuFjto-eaed to give. The chutch bad of late yodt8 held its ground well ia England in the matter of voluntary contributions. To '«dfe. in tho pre- sent'day of any sect being anabie to main- tain its ministers was an absurdity. The Attorney-General boasted, that no one sect was favoured here, but it seemed to him that this was a positive eviU If aid was given at all, it should bo give,4 to one Beet. As mattere stood, the Ohristvaft tihurches, by partici- pating in the gip.nt, were propagating infidel principles. He would not havo risen but foi the unusualf,pposltion offered to the intro auction of t ,t<3 sieasuro. atid he weraki stil reserve his. statements for the second read' ing. Mr. I.'fiVI -said thatgB a matter of courtes; ha^wovild vete for Heave belns given to intro d'jee the bill, hut ho would reserve to hiinsel 'ñbo right of dealing with it as he pleasei when he liad it'before him. Se hael oppoaei Btate aid -to roligion for many years, but 1 careful Teview of the subject had inducei him to modify his views, and he was now c opinion that hi thinly populated district such aid was very necessary. Before rasumin his seat he wished to express his yratiiiciUio at the generous support which the denomins tion to which he belonged had received fror the state, and the liberality with which i had been treated in this freo and onlightenc «ountry. He bad no hesltition in sayiu that'the'members-of his religion had bee treated in this colony in a manner which 1 any other country or in any other ago woul not have been thought of. Mr. O'SHANASSY thought it would I ?much bolter if the discussion on the prh «iples of the bill was reserved for the secon reading. 'Hon. members would be placed i a false position if they made up their mine on the question before knowing what we: 'tho principles of the measure ; and he truste therefore, that no division would take plai -on the motion for 'the first reading. If ti House arrived at this understanding, 1 would reserve his rematks on the subject f the second reading ; but he wished to poll out that tho bon. member for Oolllngwoi had not stated whether the bill contemplati the total, or merely the paitlal, abolition state aid. Mr. HARKER said the bon. member f 'Kilmore could not have bean in the Hou when the motion was proposed, or he wou have heard him state that the bill propos the total abolition of state aid by yearly 1 ductiuns of £10,000. Mr. O'SHANASSY would point out th the mover'B intention would not be carrt out unless the clause in the Land Act whli endowed religious bodies with land was J pealed. 'Mr. HARKER thanked 'the hon. merni for the suggestion, which he would take a vantago of. Mr. O'SHANASSY proceeded to argue th religious matters could not be separated fro the general considerations of the state. I ligion had always boen mixed up with t affairs of the Government in every counti and he defied the Legislature to sep-ire these questions. The lion, member wou find, if the motion were carried, that the e perience of the neighbouring colonies wou be reproduced here. There, the abolition state aid had boen catriod In one Farllamei but the decision of the-Legislature had be reversed by the next Parliament. He did n think, therefore, that the question could settled merely by obtaining a majority one Farliament. He maintained that the i habitants of the colony were generally favour of the principio of s tato a and he ventured to say that if the hon. me ber for Collingwood had expressed beforo 1 constituents the views he now advoojt« he would not have procured a seat in t House. The motion was then agreed to, and t bill was brought in and read u first time, t second reading of the measure being 11 pointed for Friday next. BELIEF TO BUEFEnEKB BY TUE LAIB BUSH HUES. Mr. SANDS moved " That a select committee bo appointed to inquire into and report upon the damage done by the late bush-fires ; such committee to consist of Mr. Zeal, Mr. Orr, Mr. Casey, Mr. King, Mr. M'Lellan, Mr. M'Oann, Mr. Houston, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. G. V. Smith, and the mover, with power to call for persons and papers, three to form a quorum." It would bo remembered by hon. members that on the 27th .February hush-fires wero raging in every direction in the colony, carrying destruction and ruin into the homes of a number of industrious persons. The farmers in tho district of Kyneton alone had suffered losses to the amount of some- thing like£80,000. Acommittee, appointed at a public meeting of the inhabitants, had obtained «30 signatures to a petition which had been forwarded to Ris Excellency, asking him to cuUBO to be placed on the Estimates a sum of money for the relief of theso persons. By the report which had been drawn up by_ the com mitteo, it appeared that something like eighty farmers had been left in a state of complet« destitution, owing to the fires which had taken place. These eighty farmers had lojfc property to tho amount of £10,000. It was not intended that relief should b3 ox tended to these who wero in partial distress, but only to those who wero in a state of total destitution. This was a public calamity, and one which the House ought to meet ; for if the farmers were nnnbie to provide them solves with seed the country would suffer from the defioiencv of the next harvest. Mr. HOUSTON seconded tho motion. Mr. M'OULLOCH said ho was unable to givo his support to the motion. The Houso might just as well have bion asked to make up the losses which the farmers had sustained from the failure of their crop3 last year. Ho contended that the persons who had suffered by these fires should have provided againBt loss by means of fire insurance ; and mun of ordinary prudence would bavo taken this precaution. A short time ago sovere losses were sustained by persons in consequence of the floods, and the state might just as well havo boen called upon to make up these losses as to relievo the sufferers by "hush fires. No doubt a considerable amount of distress had occurred, but the proper course would have beon to have ap Îicaled to public sympathy instead of apply ng to the House. There could be no doubt that the Houso was too frequently appoalod to in cases of this kind, aud he was quite sure that tho motion, if carried, would re- sult in no good whntevor. Bush fires hnd occurred all over the colony, and ii would be necesmry for the committee te visit almost every district in ft, in order te nrrivo at a decision. Did the bon. membei mean to provide against losses by bush firci in every part of the colony from year to year or did he wish his motion to apply only te the district which he represented ? Mr. SANDS said his object was to »lloví tho farmers who wore at present in n stato o destitution, no matter in what district thoj might happen to reside. Mr. M'CULLOOH said it would ba Impo3 Bible to ascertain who were really destitute and who were nat. If any cases were met a all, relief must be extended to all, aud ho wai sure tho House was not prepared to di this. After Borne remarks from Mr. Sanos, ii reply, and from Mr. Tucker, the Housi divided on tho motion, when' there ap pearcd Ayes.15 Nocb.26 Majority against the motion ... 10 The following is the dlvisiou list : AYES. Jlr. Carpenter Mr. Houston Mr. Sand« \- Croswlck - Lalor - Suittli, G. V. \- Sano - M'Lellan - Snodgrass \- Davies - O'Orady - Tucker \- Edwards - Pearson - Wardrop. NOES. Jlr. Berry Mr. Harkor Mr. Richardson \- Blackwood - Higinbothrun - Robinson \- Cohen - Howard - Sherwin \- Connor - Mason - Smith, J. T. .- Copo - MooBain - Sullivan \- Cowell - M'Culloch - Valo \- Crows - Mlchia - Vordon. \- Francis - Moffatt \- Harbison - Randall INSOLVENT ESTATES AND OFFICIAT. ASSIGNEES. Mr. LEVI moved " That there be laid on the table of the House copies oí the last fifty plans ot distri- bution filed by the official assignees of Mel- bourne and Geelong ; a return of the surplus of every estate during the last twelve years, where a dividend has been declared by the various official assignees; a return showing the amount of estate collected where no dividend has buen declared by the official alignées ; and a statement showing the ap- plication by the official assignée.«, of such surplus or undivided estate." Mr. O'GRADY seconded the motion, which tras agreed to. j UOBt"*OÎ( 3 BAY BÀlLWATf AÖT AMEhJJÄBNT BIL&. Mr. SNODGRASS moved " That ejanding nrdcrs Nos. 108, lil, 112, Ï13,114,116, 116. 117. 118, 133.133, 134, 135, 186,137,'liï8,189, 140, and 141 be suspended, with the view of allowing the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Act Amendment Bill to bo considered simultaneously with the Melbourne^nd Hobson'B Bay_ Railway Com- pany and 'the Melbourne Railway Company Amalgamation Bill." The hen. member said that a deputation from the Mtlbourne and Hobson's Bay Rail- way Company and a deputation from the ' Emerald-hill Borough Council had an in- terview with the Chief Secretary, with a view to submitting to his arbitration as to what the legal obligations of the com-, «any wore towardB the public. The Chief Secretary gave a decision, but it appeared that the -deputation from the Emerald-bill Council fcad not the confidence of those whom they represented. A public meeting of the ratepayers of tho b.irough was afterwards held, «ad they refused to be bound by the orb.tratiun. The borough council subse- quently petitioned against the company's bill, and asked to be bpurd by counsel at the bar of the Houso ¡n opposition to it. He might Btate that they had already been heard by counsel before the select committee on tho bill. He trusted that thero would be no op- position to the present motion. Mr. HARKER seconded the motion. Mr. CRESWICK said that considerable misunderstanding existed as to the position which Emerald-hill had taken in the matter. The arbitration was not suggested by the Emerald-bill Council ; but that bjdy was de- sirous of effecting a compromise, and of having their views strengthened by the opi- nion of the Chief Secretary. They had no authoiity, however, to enter into any com- promise on behalf of the ratepayers, and they hid subsequently petitioned against tbe bill. It was for the House to define the legal liabilities of the Melbourne land Hobson's Bay Railway Company ; and, in defining those liabilities, he trusted that they would tako caro and protect tho publio interests. He suggested that the petition from tho Emerald-hill Council should bo read. The Clehk of the House read the petition, which stated that the bill, if passed into law, vi ould enable the company to retain oil the advantages conferred upon them, and at the same timerolease them from their just obli- gations to tho public. It would also Inflict a grievous ¡Djury upon the vested interests of the petitioners and others. The petitioners prayed the House to re'jeot the bill, and asked for permission to be heard by counsel at tbe bar of the Hoube in support of thoir petition. Mr. HOWARD remarked that there had been an undcrstaudiug that the two bills should paeB through their final stage simul- taneously, but bia impression was that that understanding was come to under the supposition that the Emerald- hill Council were in favour of the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Raliway Company's Act Amendment Bill. If tbo people of Emerald hill objected to the hill, the understanding was at an end. The Supreme Court had already decided in favout of the views taken by the Emerald-hill Council on the matter in disputo, and an appeal was pending to the Privy Council. Ho thought it would be pre- sumption on the part of the Houso to anti- cipate the judgment of such an august tribunal, and ho should, therefore, vote against the bill. The whole confusion had arisen from the wording of the 38th clauso of the Melbourne and Hobson's.Bay Railway Company's Act. The c'ause said that the company, whenever they were called upon to do so by the Crown, should construct certain roads and bridges over their line. That must bave been an oversight, or insetted wilfully, to gain an unfair advantage over the com- pany, because it was ridiculous to suppose that any company would have entotod into a compact to make roads and bridges at every point of their line when- ever they were called upon to do bo. It was ridiculous because their, capital was limited, and if they were to be called upon at any time to build expensive bridges and muko expensive crossings, where was the money to come irom ? The demands of the Emerald hill people-for they appeared by their deci- sions to place no confidence in their council-boieg so monstrous, what were the committee to do ? Surely tho interests of the people of Brighton, whoso communica- tion with town would bo stopped if tho bill did not pass, and tho interests of tho people 6f Hawthorn and Kow, wero to be considered as well as those of Emerald- hill. Mr. O'SHANASSY thought that somewhat broader views should have neon taken of'this matter. For himself, his assistance had boen Bought on both sides, and in view of thó public interest, it would be well if this quoBtion weresettled. As to tho petit ion, be was surprised at the vague language used. Parliament was asked that every inhabitant should bavo "free and unrestricted access to the city." Was eviry inhabitant to havo his own cross- ing ? The House had at present no evidenco of how many crossings would be required. If thcro wero not sufficient powers given in the bill, surely the House was capable of amending it in that particular. In fact, the ceso was wholly a question of compromise, for, if every point was insisted on by either sido, Parliament, as a higher authority, must step io. Parliament, indeed, ought to deal with the question in this biU, for tho House was sure to be appealed to as a last resort in any case. Mr. KYTE, as a member of the committee, supported tho motion, as affording only fair play to the promoters of tho bill, though ono of them did not stand very high in his esti- mation. Mr. M'CULLOCH regretted the objection to the suspension of the standing orders. He recapitulated the story of the interview he had bad with depntations from both Bides, and how his recommondation, that the cora* pany should spend £7,600 on a bridge and £1.600 in improving- tho culvert, had boen accepted by thom and refused by a public meetitg at Emerald-hill. Public meetings, ho said, wero not always tho best tribunals to decide these matters, and the people of Emerald-hill might very well have left their council to manage it. This question should not be allowed to go any longer unsettled, for if the Emerald-hill peoplo wero to bo always coming and asking for fresh bridges, it would be well to abandon the railway at once. For the Government, be could promise that the public interests would bo duly protected. Mr. DANE opposed the suspension of tho standing orders. The Hobson s Bay Railway Company was not entitled to have its appli- cation entertained nntil it carried out tho conditions on which it obtained possession'of the very valuable grant of land it now en- joyed. The Attorney-General had stated publicly that the company had endeavoured to evade the spirit of its obligations; It ought not to bo treated with until it made Fatlsfactory amends ; and he trusted that tho bon. member was still of the same opinion. At any rato ho thought the Bouse should pause until the result of tho appeal to the Privy Council was known. He would like to know tbo Speaker's opinion on the point whether bon. members pecuniarily interested in the two railway compotiies concerood had a rieht to voto on the aucstlnn. Kir. MICHIE said the member for South Bourke appeared to be labouring undor a misconception as to the cato now before the Privy Council. The member for Sandhurst also assumed that the nppoalwas.as to tho definition of the terms "Crown" and "Go- vernor in Council." (Mr. Howard.-"No.") The fact was, that tho appeal was in leference to the constiuction to be putupon the general reservation of roadways which the company's deed contained, without specifying any par- ticular lines. The Privy Council would have abundant precedent for affirming that this general reservation, being in derogation of the grant, was a nullity, and in that case the railway company- would have the people of Emerald-hill at its mercy. He mentioned this to show the peoplo inte- rested that they would do well to allow the caseto bo dealt with by the Legislature, without awaiting the docUion of the Privy Council. Even If the decision were in their favour, Parliament would still have to deal with the subject. The two companies would como before the Houso for power to amal- gamate, and the House would still have to say what number of roadways it would be reasonable to compel the Hobson's B,iy Company to make on a line "only two miles in lerjgth." Doubtless the Railway Company had been to blame in many instances, but that was no reason why the public interests should bo postponed in consequence of a pertinacious and vexatious opposition on the part of the people of the Hill, Ho blamed the residents of that locality for not stating dis- tinctly in their petition what they wanted from the Houso. The Parliament had it in its power to advance the interests of two largo companies, and to consult the convenience of tho public while at the same time it secured justice for Emerald-hilL There was a general desire on the part of hon. members to arbl tiate fairly between the belligerents, and therefore Le (rusted the bills would be pro- ceeded with. Mr. BURTT argued that thp'people of Eme- rald-hill hod set forth their "Uniras. He conld see no connexion betwcPntbe reptaling bill and the ama'gamatura bill, tho former of which he regarded, as a meaaure of repudia- tion. He maintained that no case had been made out ogainp'v the amalgamation bill, and affirmed that'the promoters of that measure were simply desirous that justice should be done lo tbe inhabitants of the localities con- cerned. Ms. WARDROP referred to a remark made by the bon. member for Emorald-hill, that the -public should be grateful to the inhabit- ants of the locality he represented for fighting tbelr battle. It appeared to him, howevor, that the oublie consisted of the people of Emerald-hill, for he had not heard that tho inhabitants -of any othor locality had identi- fied themselves with the dispute. The people of Emerald-hill themselves (lid not appear to be gteatly interested in the question, for he found from the reports in the newspaper?, that only 200 out of the 3,000 ratepayers in the borough attended the meeting hold there recently to contidor the matter. Mr. BURTT.- The council represented tho people, though, Mr. WARDROP said the connoil had represented the people in a way that the people did not like ; because, when they went before tbe Chief Secretary, it turned out that they had acted against the wishes of the in- habitants. Mr. ZEAL contended that tho Corporation of Emerald hill had repudiated the agreement which bad been entered into by refusing to abide by the Chief Secretary's decision as to the amount of money which the company should pay. Great stress had been laid on the point that public interests were concerned in the matter ; but as the representative of a country district, he should like to know what advantage his constituents would obtain. He thought the public interest iu this instance was centred in Emerald-hill, which was the only district which would reap any advan- tage. For his own part, ho could not see the necessity of any more bridges or cross- ings. Thero were now three bridges and three or lour level crossings, within the space of a mile, and he considered that, if the Council got what the Chief Secretary recommended, their interests would be amply protected. Mr. GREEVES thought the House should carefully consider the statement mado by the Minister of Justice, that there was a pos- sibility, If not a reasonable probability, ol the appeal whioh had been sent by the com pany to the Privy Council proving successful, If this Bhould turn out to bo the case, the connell of Emerald-bill would be placed in t woree position than ever. Ho considered thai the sum proposed to bo paid by the com pan j was not sufficient. Tho company might rea ton ably bo called upon to mako.two or three budges instvnd of one; and ho considerad the amount proposed to bo paid by the com pany (£7,600) not neatly onough. Mr. KERFERD, as a member of the committee on the Amalgamation Bill was convinced that it wus impossible to satisfy the demands of the people of Emerald-hill. Jn fact, they did no1 know themselves what they wanted. The 6th clause of the bill empowered the Board of Land and Works to make any bridge or bridges across tho railway whicl they thought fit, and if the people of Emerald hill had sufficient influence with the Boarc they might gain their object under thal clause. He was satisfied tbat if Emerald hill had acted in the same spirit as the Rail- way Company, the dispute would have bear settled lone bro, ' The House then divided. The SPEAKER intimated that the motion could not be carried unless a clear majority of the Houso voted for it. In reply to Mr. Dane, The SPEAKER said that no member who had & pecuniary interest in the question was entitled to vote. Mr. Habkeb withdrew from the House. The SPEAKER counted the members on the right of the chair, and, finding that thero was an absolute majority of the Houso In favour of the motion, he declared it carried, Mr. SNODGRASS moved that the Mel- bourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Com- pany's Act Amendment Bill bo read a second time. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read a second time. On the question that tho bill be com- mitted, Mr. CRESWICK asked if he would be in order in moving that the prayer of the petition of the Emerald-hill Council to be heard by counsel at the bar of the House against tho bill, should be granted. The SPEAKER said thattbo motion could not be proposed without notice. The House then went into committee on the bill, The first three clauses were agreed to with- out discussion. On the áth clause, providing that within a month after the passing of the act the com- pany should pay £7,500, to be oxpended by the Governor lu Council in the erection of a bridge or biidges over tho raliway, for the improvement of the communication betweon Emerald-hill and Melbourne, at such times and in such manner as the Governor In Council thoucht fit. Mr. DANE suggested that if the Govern- ment would not yield on this clause, the op- ponents of the bill should withdraw any lurther opposition, and petition the Governor to refuse his at sent to a measure which would be a gross act of repudiation. Mr. CBESWICK moved that £10,000 be substituted for £7.600. Mr. M'OULLOCH said the bridge referred to in tho agreement with tho company could be erected for less thau £7,600, and it would be unjust to compel them to pay a larger sum. The amendment was negatived without a division. Mr. CRESWICK moved that a proviso pro- tecting tho Government and the Legislature from any claim for any addition to the sum paid by the company, be Btiuck out. Mr. HIGINBOTHAJI said that the object of the proviso was to prevent ar>y possibility of a claim being made against the Govern- ment or the Legislature in the ovent of the sum paid by the company being Insufficient. This amendment was also negatived, and the clause was adopted. On clause 6, authorising the borough coun- cil of Emeiala-hill to build a foot bridge ovor the railway at Ferrers-street, out of any por- tion of the £7.600 referred to In the previons clause which the Governor-in Council appro- priated for the purpose, or al their own ex- pense, provided that the bridge did not in- terfere with tho traffic over tho railway, An amendment was agreed to, on the mo- tion of Mr. Snodgrass, giving similar autho tity to mako the necessary approaches to tho Mr. OBESWIOK moved that the clause bo struck out, with the view of authorising the construction of a lovel crossing at Ferrers street, which, ho said, was absolutely noces sary for the accommodation of the public Mr. H1GINB0THAM asked the Houso to fix its attention to this point as containing the only point really in dispute, for had a level crossing nt Feirers-street been conceded, it wiiB improbable that tho proposition would bave been refused. Tho question was, whether such a crossing was dangerous, and whether there was sufficient access to Emerald-hill without it. Mr. CHESWIOK wonld withdraw his pro position, on the understanding that tbo question of the level crossing would be taken in the schedule. It was absolutely Imperative that there should be a crossing at this ,,ntr,f Mr. M'CULLOCH had not soen that thoro was evidence of a crossing being needed for hone traffic. Hon. members must remembor that this would make six level crossings between Melbourne and Sandridge. After some discussion, The amondmcnt was withdrawn, and the clause agreed to, as well as clause 6, giving power to tho Board of Land and Works to make bridges over the line. On clause 7, requiring the company to spend £1,600 in improving the Moray- street culvert in lees than six months, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM mentioned that the Engineer-inCbief had reported that the cul veit might be raised two feet, but not more, while it should be made square with the line, and have twenty-four feet between tho abut- ments. The clause, as well as those remaining In the bill, which were merely formal, were then agreed to. Mr. CRESWICK moved that Ferrers-street be inserted in the scheduled list of streets at which level crossings might be constructed. Tho amendment was negatived, and the Echedules wore adopted. Tae hill was then re por ti d to the House. TEIVATE WHAKFS. Mr. HOWARD moved " That this House will, on Tuosday, resolve itself into a committee of tho whole to con- sider tho following resolution :-' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying thot the Government wharfs be transferred to trustees, with power to collect tolls on all goods passing over them; and that this object will bo facilitated and the public convenience served, by tho Go- vernment exorcising the right of resumption under the powors contained In the Crown grants of the same of the sold landa known as Cole's and Baleigh's wharfs, in terms of the recommendation of the report norn, the select committee on the claims of owners of private wharfs.' " The bon. member said that it was so long ago since the committee presented their report that a abort explanation wonld be required from bim. These private wharfs were erected at a time when a wharfage rata was in ex- istence, but, soon afterwards, the rates were abolished. The rates had lately been re enacted, hut the owners of the private wharfs were not allowed to participate in the profits, and wore therefore placed in tho anomalous position of haviug to pay chargos on goods landed at their own premises. The select committee recommended that, under these cir- cumstances, possession of the wharfs should be resumed by the stato. The Govern- ment had expressed its willingness to purchase Cole's and Raleigh's wharfs, but had required the owners to name their rice, instead of arriving at the value y arbitration, in accordance with the piovieions of the Grown granta held by the owners. The object of the committee wos, that all the wharfs should bo vested in trustees, and that in place of the present tax on imports, a rate should bo lovied, to bo devoted in good faith to the repair of the wharfs. Tho Government appeared to ap- prove of the scheine, but would not appeal to aibitration todetermine the price to be given to the proprietors of the private properties. This was a species of huckstering which he stiongly objected to. I Mr. BLACKWOOD seconded the motion. Mr. FRANCIS objected to the motion in its present shape. A year ago, Captain Cole sent in a momorial to the Government, claiming a share of the wharfage rates on the goods landed at his wharf, re- questing the Government to purchase his pioperty at a price to bo fixed by arbitration, and claiming compensation for the abolition of the wharfage rates in 1852 On this application he made a memorandum that Captuin Cole, if he maintained his wharf in repair, was entitled to a share of the rates on goods landed at it ; that it would not be advisable to purchase the wharf un'ess the adjoining proparties could bo obtained ; that with the precedent of Hughes'B Wharf ia view a rcferenco to arbitration was inex- pedient ; and that the! contemporaiy cotre* spondence haired any claim to compensation as regarded the wharfage rates abolished in - 1852. To the views contained in this memorandum he stilt adhered. The member for Sandhurst talked about huck- stering, but it was clearly tho duty of the Government to see that the state obtained value for its money. It was desirable that the Government should obtain a clear run of wharfage room from the Falls to the gas- works, but the property to bo purchased was in several hands, und, if negotiation were commenced for one allotment, the expecta- tions of the other owners would bo inordi- nately raised, and, as every point always told against tho Government in these cases, it was not advisable to resort to arbitration, nor yet to purchase ono property without the other. At one time Captain Cole asked £60,000 for his property ; lately he had suggested £30,000, and perhaps the Government would be jus- tified in naming £C,G00 or £7,000 as a fair nrice. Mr. SNODGRASS moved an amendment, to the effect that the owners of the wharfs re- ferred to in tho motion should receive one half of the rates collected there, but he sub- sequently withdraw it, and moved that the debate be adjourned. The motion was agreed to, and the debate was then adjourned until Friday next. _ a viorosrAN mint. _. Mr. M'CULLOOH (in the abienoe of Mr. Verdon) moved " That this House will, on Tuesday next, resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to consider the following resolutions : -" That it is expedient that a branch of the Royal Mint bo established in Victoria ; that pro tision bo made for tho establishment of the Victorian branch of the Royal Mint," Mr. SULLIVAN seconded the motion, which was agreed to. STOUAÛE OF GOODS AT TUE SPENCEB-SrBEBr RAILWAY STAMOU. Mr. DANE moved " That there be laid on tho table of the House a return of all goods stored at the Bpencer-street station for a longer period than twenty-four hours; the length of time each consignment remained in the atora over the prescribed time; the tonnage or measurement consigned to each individual ; and the amount actually paid to Government for the storage, as well na the amount remitted (If any) in each case. The return lo bo from 30th November, 18G4, to 30th April, 1865." Mr. BURTT seconded the motion. Mr. FRANCIS was desirous of affording to the proposer of the motion, nnd to every member of the House, all the Information in his power ; but it would bo extremely diffi- cult, if not absolutely impossible, to furnish some of the returns asked for, If, bo wovor, the hon. member would call al the offices ol the depattment, all the infoimation that could be obtained would be afforded to him. Mr. Houston and Mr. BnowN advised the hon. mover to withdraw the motion. The motion was subsequently withdrawn. PAYMENT OF MEMUEE3 BILL, The report of the committee on this bill WBB adopted : and, on the motion of Mr. Habkbb, the bill was read a third time and passed. The remaining business wat postponed, and the House adjourned at halFpast eleven o'clock until Tuesday next. 