MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1865. The warnings which we have often felt it our duty to give to the public as to speculation in mining shares were, perhaps, never more required than at the present moment. It may be that such warnings by the press are not often pro- ductive of much benefit to those whom they are intended to serve, and it is probable that in this, as in other parts of his duty, the motives of the jour- nalist are usually misinterpreted. We have small hope, indeed, of check- ing in any serious degree the spe- culative rage when it has once set in. We shall be content if we have indicated the origin of the disease, and have truly described its character and the nature of its symptoms. Like every other epidemic, we believe it is bound to run its course ; nor can the public health be fairly restored until it has done so. Yet, like good physicians, we are bound to do our best in helping nature to throw off the disorder, and to endeavour to palliate its effects. At the present day a mania, precisely similar to that which six years ago seized upon the public, is rapidly spreading among all classes of society— a passion for becoming rich by starts—of arriving at sudden wealth in some swift and secret manner. The dream of ALNASCHAR is the vision which now cheats the minds of thousands of our sober citizens. The gardens of the Hes- perides gleam in the not far distance. It is gold which colours all our existence— gold which fills our heads by day and disturbs them at night—gold of which we speak and think. Untaught by past experience, untutored by the results of our old follies, the same fever-heat of speculation is rising which afflicted the community some six years ago. The lapse of time has only extended the field of vision, and multiplied the treasures in prospect. New names fill the air of Collins-street unheard of in 1859. The most inaccessible parts of the colony are now the objects of the most anxious inquiry. New fields of wealth have been found, or at least " prospected," which promise to throw far into the shade the older golden territory. The lists of the sharebroker are filled with barbarous and uncouth designations, and where there was one Bagshot or Bolinda,there are-now a dozen Happy Dogs, Pioneers, and Let- her-rips. Reefs innumerable are crop- ping out in all directions ; and even Collingwood has tumbled suddenly upon her golden treasure. The number of undertakings in the market, to be pro- perly worked, would exhaust all the available male population of Victoria. Their yield, if the calculations of their projectors are correct, would make gold almost too cheap a commodity. While the rage for speculating in shares has already reached higher than we have ever known it in this colony, it must at the same time be admitted that there is a sounder basis for the popular enthusiasm than there has been at any time before. While many of the schemes before the public are undoubtedly based upon the slenderest possible grounds—while many are put forward without any idea whatever of their being eventually tested—while some even of the genuine undertakings are rated at an absurdly high price in the market, we must allow that on this occasion our gold-mines, in being or in prosect, really do represent an enormous amount of natural wealth which all the labour and all the capital in the colony cannot exhaust in the next half-century. The extent of auriferous ground now being developed, especially in the Alpine districts of the east, is such as the wildest imagination could not have conceived six years ago. The mountains at the sources of the Jordan and the Jamieson, and pro- bably the whole of our eastern ranges, are proved to be rich in auriferous quartz to an extent which almost con- founds the theories of science. Wood's Point and Crooked River represent gold districts larger and richer than any which havo been before discovered in this colony ; nor is it probable that we have yet explored even a tenth of the gold-fields in this direction. Their discovery has undoubtedly given an enormous impetus to the industry of the colony, and they are calculated to afford legitimate employment to a very large number of our population. Ere long they must each rise into another Ballarat or Bendigo ; and in their rise, they cannot but benefit all classes of our community. In the meantime, however, it would be only common prudence to suggest that, as yet, there is much that is uncertain in the character of the gold bearing reefs. As yet, they have not been tested so much for the gold they may contain as for their speculative resources. A mine, in fact, is a rich mine, not because of its abundance of gold, but for its capability of being advantageously placed on the market. The prospectors, in general, are in too great haste to turn their prospects into shares and shares into "scrip." We have already seen how, even in the most genuine undertakings, there has been a disposition to divide the meat before the beast is killed. The public ought to take warning from past experience as to some of the doings in the share market. It is probable that many of the schemes are sound, but it is impossible that those who launch them into the world can yet know them to be so. The purchaser has now more than ever need of the old caution, caveat emptor. If he deals in shares merely on the faith of a broker's report, he either deliberately purposes to engage in a lottery, or he puts his money into an unknown invest- ment. The end may be to put money into the pockets of a few, but the opera- tion will certainly involve, as it did in 1859, the ruin and misery of hundreds. The sanitary requirement of Mel- bourne is a sewerage system, but the chief obstacle to an effectual removal of sewage here is the expense. The construction of sewers was projected at the same time as that of the Yan Yean; but the great expense interfered with the double under- taking. Drainage is just as essential to the civic health and civic com- fort as a water supply; but having accomplished the one at a heavy outlay, we have found or believed it indispensable to " rest on our " oars" before attempting the other. However, if what LIEBIG says is true, the removal of sewage ought not to be a matter of expense to any city, but of pecuniary profit and of general advantage. It is his assertion that by the sewage of the towns the fertility of the country can be best restored or created. Foreign guano is imported at a high price to render originally barren soils pro- ductive and to renew exhausted soils ; but fully as good guano, LIEBIG de- clares, and a far cheaper and infinitely more abundant supply of it, can always be obtained at home by every country which possesses towns and cities. The demands of the vast modern increase of population have been gradually but surely diminishing the fertility of the ground, even in those parts of Europe where agricultural skill is exercised, and of course in so much greater a degree in those broader territories of Europe and of the new continents where agriculture is careless or unscientific. Huge tracts of America have been reduced to sterility more or less complete by carelessness in the raising of exhaustive crops and neglect of any rotation plan or sufficient manuring. A great portion of the Atlantic seaboard of what were once the United States, is said to be in such a plight ; and the same is stated of many districts of the corn-growing countries of central and eastern Europe. Where the culture of the earth is better; attended to, the brunt of this evil has been so far warded off; but then, as LIEBIG points out, the husbandman relies too much, on the imported supplies of ma- nure from scattered rocks of the ocean, whose stock cannot possibly be expected to hold against the enlarging demand and necessity. It is the towns, hitherto a drain on the fertility of the country, which, must henceforth be looked to to replenish it, and the sewage which now goes waste, and the removal of which constitutes in most places, so heavy an item of civic outlay, will, when thus utilized, be not less a source of national wealth than civic profit. It would indeed be a bad prospect for the human race if there were not such local means of remedying the soil's exhaustion - of replacing the principies of, the earth's ríility. We need hardly remark that UirJTin all this has only expressed i properly organized the convictions Jolly arising everywhere in the ¿ds of agriculturists who happened to Jat the same time thinking and ¿tical- convictions the result of ex- tents like those of Mr. MEOHI on jEssex farm, and many others. There can be no doubt that means li yet be devised for effectually carry . out the idea. At presontthe diffi Iticsin the way of its application have ffcncp to the proper deodorising id the c iiveyance and sufficient dis bulion jf the sewage. However, L that .ttiention is really awakened En"l ni' to the importance of suu)1 , these obstacles are very |dy to t Ö "«-o long surmounted. A Irliiiuieia'uy Committee has been ap iinted m "London to consider the ques ip and has been collecting evidence assist its conclusions. The object it is primarily in view is, as wo see, the itary relief of the towns, and we mot wonder that it should bo so far fe paramount consideration, while the ro rivers remain the main sewers i'én the Thames, which it is stated p,000 persons use for drinking pur *" ses, actually contains most of the sr, by the testimony of the Government ¿meer, more sewage fluid than water, Id when tho Medlock at Manchester a scum of dirt so thick that, accord to Mr. RAWLINSON'S evidence, birds Ik on it. The rivers of England lick run through or near great towns i so polluted, that cattle which drink $ them or their tributaries aro often »¡soiled. Fish become extinct in such Iters. Three hundred families still **e by salmon- catching at the mouth of s Dec, but Bristol has almost de .oyed the salmon in the Severn, and mdon in the Thames. We can easily laginc how human beings must suffer ^ the exhalations, even when they are it driven by necessity to quaff the pes îential liquid. But let us note that fe committee announces as the rc ult of its evidence, that it sees a way ¡Ï rescue the rivers from filth and o cities from disease, and that ith direct profit, not only to the health tt the pockets of the ratepayers. Says i report-"not only is it possible to |ili?e sewage by removing it through grains, but such an undertaking may "je made to result in pecuniary benefit :o tbe rates of the towns where the tilization is thus made." Lord BERT MONTAGUE, the chairman of fe. committee- which includes iimong other members Messrs. Jorm BRIGHT, MOLE, COWPER, the Commissioner Works, iStituents at St. Ives, how a few years i the town of Croydon emptied, ac- ting to the usual custom, its sewage h the local stream. Owing to the mage thereby accruing to the neigh ¡>|urliood, fourteen actions were brought, and injunctions to restrain the prac- tice were obtained. The law proceed- ings cost the town council ¿£10,000, aid they expended ¿£24,000 more in devices for the unremunerative removal olfjthe sewage, when somebody suggested putting it on the land. They took a contract tor its removal " at £5 an acre," jalad ere long regretted the bargain as too lefüy, when they found they could obtain ?three times as much. The neighbouring lands rose at once in value, and at pre- sent the sale of this town refuse pays tiie town rates. Similarly, we are in- formed by The Times, Manchester dis- burses £20,000 a year in removing its sewage, and already receives £10,000 back by its subsequent sale as manure. ¡The last report of our Yictorian Board ¡S Health mentions also that the city of Edinburgh, by a partial, and indeed trifling, experiment of the same kind, Sises an annual revenue of £7,000 rewards lessening the municipal taxa- tion. These several facts indicate pearly enough that the system of which they are only the first and small |eps, is on the point of development, and that the refuse matter of towns, now only got rid of with heavy cost in fyery shape, will ere long be a pource of national wealth as well as municipal profit, by becoming a main reliance of ' ie agriculturist. Besides the sanitary msiderations involved, we have an ditional motive here for wishing for e further enlightenment of those home periments when we look at the int- ense tracts of sandy barren ground Stretching away from Melbourne in so ¡nany directions, and which, though now îseless, the abundance of manure which Bight to-be obtainable by the vicinity of \ populous city will yet render highly LWtile and productive. I Tho Chief Secretary hoB appointed to-day, fit half-past twelve, to receive the deputation gora the Ohamber of Commerce and others On wharfage rates. I Wo aro requested to inform our readers that the first annual meeting of the subscribers to the Melbourne Home will be held this day, ui tho committee room of the Mechanics' In- stitute, at four o'clock. I The City Council will assemble at the usual {our this afternoon. A number of tenders ]or street work will be submitted for odop ¡ton, and the Public Works Committee will iport upon a number of private Btreets that ivo been made by tho corporation, and re immend steps to bo taken for osoertolniDg ie expenso of these works, and for the re ¡very of the samo. The subject of the Fish ?arkot and tho Hobson's Bay Railway Com «ny will come before the council In con- don with a report of the Market Com- ptée; and another report, of tho same immittee, respecting tho alterations in the 'Ians of this maiket, will also bo submitted or consideration. Ownors of dogs within the eily aro rgister »8 their animals but very Blowly, only about 60 having been hitheito registered. It is to » remembered that after tho 14th inst. «mers of unregistered dogs becomo liable to ho provisions of the act. Mr. B. W. Wardlll has been elected captain f the eleven -members of the Melbourne Wcket Olub selected to play the Albert Club, 'ïdnev^^t month. """»citá^Tr' ma^x between the Melbourne *?» »e»-u*JQnd clubs was resumed on Satur- day, cn the, ground of the Melbourno Cricket lub. There was a good muster of spectators, md some first-class play was exhibited. The Hburban club concluded their first innings mich was communccd on the previous Satur laj-for a total of 163; Hewitt, who con nbufed forty- eight, being the highest scorer, unis Mt the men of llichmond in a minority »f 109. They accordingly entered upon their [ second innings, and had made forty-five, with five wickets down, when the atumps were drawn. The match is to be continued on Wednesday afternoon. A match between the English and Scotch members of the Melbourne Bowling Club took place, on the green at Prahran, on Saturday afternoon. The result wai in favour of tho Caledonians by six points, the score standing thus :-Scotch, 72 ; English, CG. In the course of the afternoon His Excellency the Governor visited tho ground, attended by his suite, and engaged in a little howling practice. On the retirement of the Governor, His Excellency was unanimously elecfed an honorary mem- ber of the club. There was a larger attendance of spectators than on any provious occasion. Tho return match will take place on Satur- day noxt. A bowling club has been established in Fitzroy. The association was constituted at a meeting held on Friday evoning, nt'the Leviathan Hotel, Gertrude-street. The fol- lowing gentlemen were elected provisional officers ¡-President, the Hon. George Harker, M.L A. ; vice president, Dr. Serrell ¡ treasurer, Dr. Haddon ; hon. secretary, Mr. Simeon Cobon ; committee, Messrs. J. Falconer, T. Kidney, J. F. Born, H. Templeton, and Baird. Tho committee were directed to ascertain the beat Bite for a green, and report to a future meeting. Mr. J. Edwards, .jan, reported that Mr. John Campbell, the originator of the Melbourne Bo würg Club, had offered his services in furtherance of the objects of the society. The meeting passed a resolution acknowledging Mr. Campbell's kindness, and accepting his offer. It was determined to adopt the rules of the Melbourno Club. Tho amount of entrance fee and annual subscrip- tion was fixed at 21s. each. The club now numbers forty-three members. All futuro members will be elected by ballot. All the metropolitan and country volun- teer corps obtained last year the minimum number of effectives-seventy-flvo for each company-required by the regulations at pre- sent in force. Several of the corps, including the Emerald-hill Artillery, Captain B. S. Anderson ; the Carlton Rifles, Captain Rad- cliffe; and the Williamstown Artillery, Cap- tain Stewart, have, indeed, moro than the maximum number-150-which the state undertakes to subsidise. The only instance in which there was any danger of tho condi- tions not being compiled with was that of the first corps of Ballarat Rangors-a corps the existence of which the disputes ita late com- manding officer became involved in had nearly proved fatal to. Now that they have an opportunity of making a fresh start, the Rangers, it may bo trusted, will revert to their old position, atfd become a credit in- stead of a scandal to the force. The fifth meeting for matches of the Wil- liamstown Rifle Club took place, at the local butts, on Saturday. There wero 29 entries for the first match, 28 for the second, and 15 for the third. Large-bore liiles were used, and the shooting, upon the whole, vraa re- markably good. The distances in the first match were 200, COO, and 600 yards, the prizes being awarded as follow :-First prize, a chal- lenge cup, value £1615s., with £2 added, was won by Mr. Mouat, who scored 53 points; second prize, £2, Mr. Martin, scoring 51 points ; third prize, £l,Mr. Bartlett, 47 points ; fourth prize, 10s, Mr. Fowler, who made 45 points. Mr. Stewart also made 45 points, but was absent at the time of shooting for ties. In the second match the distances were 700 and 800 yards; and the following were the successful competitors :-Mr. Douch, first prize, a painting, 83 points ; second prize, of £2, was won by Mr. Anderson, scoring 80 points; the third prize, £1, Mr. Hernán, 29 points ; fourth prize, 10s., Mr. Ste- wart, 29 points. In the third match the dis- tances wero 400 and 500 yards. The first prize, one guinea, was won by Dr. Wilkins, | who made 28 points ; the second prize by Mr, Paine, 2C points ; and tbe third prize by Mr. Beeching, 24 points; Mr. Greenwood abo mode 24 points, but lost in shooting off. After the presentation of the prizes, which took place at the Telegraph Hotel, in the evening, the treasurer submitted his report, by which it appeared that the club was in a highly prosperous condition. The Upper Yarra, in the neighbourhood of Richmond, nnd that favourito resort of row- ing men, Oarrick's Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, was quite enlivened on Saturday afternoon last by some interesting boat-racing. Mr. W. T. Greenland, the boatbuilder, of Richmond -one of whose boats, the Moondemere, car- ried away almost all the prices given at the late Ruthtrglen Regatta-had offered a set of handsome electro-plated "pewters" as prizes in a match for four-oars, with amateur scratch crews. Four crews started, and as the river was not wide enough for them all to go together, they rowed two and two, the winners of each event contesting in a final heat. The course was about a mile and a half in length, from the Church-street bridgo to a point near the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel ; and the first heat was well contested, the winners coming in by about two boats' lengths ahead. The second heat was a closer thing. The losing crew, which included Messrs. Nish and Melvyn, of the Christy Minstrels troupe, rowed with a deal of plnck, but were manifestly out of condition, and they came in about a boat's length behind. The "crews which statted for the final heat were-1. Messrs. Jas. Mitchell (Btroke), W. Mitchell, W. Wallen, W. T. Greenland (the giver of the prizes), and O. Baby, coxswain. 2. Messrs. Butt (stroke), G. Carrick, John Mitchell, B. GamBon, and Willie Carriok, coxswain. Tho race could hardly be called either good or satisfactory, exceptthat.in'the face of several fouls-mostly, If not entirely, the fault of thoir adversaries -the last mentioned crew, after a good deal of neck-and-neck rowing, carno in a good flrat. It was decided, in spite of tho moot points of dirpute which necessarily arose, that Mr. Butt's crew had foirly won, and, accordingly, to thom were "awarded the '* pewteis." There was a large attendance of spectators, and the entire match created con- siderable excitement. The committee of the Immigrants' Home, Prince's bridgo, request us to acknowledge a subscription of £5 5;. towards tho funds of the Institution from Messrs. Sargood, King, and Sargood. The Venerable Archdeacon Stretch preached yeBterday morning to a crowded congregation at Christ Church, St. Kilda. ' The Rev. B. S.Walker, the newly-appointed Incumbent of the parish of St. Philip, East Collingwood, entered upon his duties yester- day. The rev. gentleman preached in the morning and in the evoning, in tho school- room which is used for Divine service during the erection of the church. The meeting of Sabbath schools, " during the special week of prayer," was held in St. George's hall on Saturday afternoon ; Mr. James M'Bain, MX A., in the chair. The attendance was very numerous. Addresses were delivered by various clergymen, each address belDg limited to a duration of fifteen minutes. w Stveral hymns wore sung, and the proceedings coucluded with prayer. The car fare from SwanBton-street to Carl- ton has been reduced from 6d. to 3d. A fire occurred yesterday afternoon, at half pi Bt two o'clock, in the back piemises of Mr. Blakemore, waterproof clothing manufacturer, 12TFliuders- Btreet weet. The fire arose from a stove-pipe in tho drying-room, the canvas ceiling of which became ignited from the pipe. Mr. Blakemore on discovering the fire hurried to the place, and in his exertions towards extinguishing the fire, by tearing down the burning canvaF, his hands were severely burned. The domnge sustained by Mr. Blakemore ho eBtimates at £80, which is covered by insurance. * Mr. John O. Cole has forwarded to us for inspection, a sample of tho yellow Washing- ton plum, grown at the Richmond Nursery. Eight of the largest weigh seventeen ounces, nnd the circumference of the largest is six and a half inches. Dr. Youl held an inquest on Friday even- ing, at the hospital, upon the body of Thomas Thwaites, a coachbnilder employed at the coach factory of Mr. Williams, On the 12th hist, the deceased and another man were en- gaged in hanging a lot of chains which had been painted up on an iron bar to dry. The bar was about ten feot from the ground. Just as they bad put up the last of the chains and wero turning away the bar bent, and tho chains fell down upon deceased. When taken up ho was Been to be seriously injured, and to have lost the use of his limbs. Ho was re- moved to the hospital, where it was found that his back and neck wero contused from tile blow, and the paralysiB in his limbs was attributed to an injuiy of the spiao. Ho be carno wowe, paralysis expended to the muscles of respiration, and he died on the following day. The jury found that the injuries which caused his deuth were accidentally recolved. The unfortunate man has left a widow and four little girl?. An inquest was held at the hospital, on Saturday, by Dr. Youl, upon the body of the unfortunate woman Margaret Monogue, who was severely burned at Northcote on Thursday last. Mr. James Hanslow stated the deceased was his servant; she was aged about twenty-one years. When in bed, at about half-past twelve on Thursday morning, he heard the deceased scream, and immediately got up and went towards her room, when he met her just rushing into his room, with her clothes in flames. He tore off a large crinoline which she wore with his hands, and his wife then handed him a blanket, with which he enveloped the deceased, and at once extinguished the fire. Deceased was severely burned over the whole body. She stated to him that she was sitting on a sofa in the kitchen with a lighted candle beside her on a chair, and that her clothes caught fire from the caudle. She said that at first she rushed into the yard, and then into his room. Mr. R. Saunders, next door neighbour of the last witness, stated that, hearing the screams of deceased on the day referred to, he went into the house, where he saw her suffering from the effects of a very severe burn. He got his horse into the buggy, and conveyed her to the hospital. Mr. Hanslow's hands were badly burned by his attempts to extinguish the fire. Mr.T. A. Bowen, resident surgeon at the hospital, stated that the burns which deceased had suffered wero so extensive as to preclude all hope of her recovery. She never rallied, and died the day after admission. In accordance with these facts, the jury found that the deceased died from burns accident- ally received. An inquest was held on Saturday, at Rich- mond, by the eily coroner, upon the body of Rebecca Maloney, aged fifteen months, daughter of Michael Maloney, a resident of Richmond. On Friday, the mother of decoased left lier at home with an elder sister, aged eleven yoaifl. While Bhe was out the children went into Chuich-Btreet, and the deceased there strayed, unnoticed by her sister, out into the roadway. A cab drove along the street, and the deceased by nome means was not Been by the driver or the passengers of the vehicle till the horse was close upon her. The driver tried to pull up and avoid running over her, but was unable to do so. Directly he succeeded in stopping the oar he jumped down, and found the deceased lying apparently dead. Upon examination It was found that life was quite extinct. From the statements of the various witnesses, it did not appear that any blame wa3 to be attached to the cabman ; and the jury re- turned a verdict of "Accidental death." There were 364 prisoners under detention at the Melbourne Gaol on Saturday, the fol- lowing being their classification ¡-Awaiting trial-Before the Supreme Court, 15 males, 5 female ; before magistrates, 13 males, 5 females. Under sentence-To hard labour, 165 males, 11 females. Detained-For lim priBonment only, C3 males, 53 females; as lunatics, 2 males, 2 females; in default of bail, 17 males, G females; 10 malo debtors, and 1 malo for contempt of court. Total, 284 males and 80 females. Two highway robbetiea were committed on Saturday night, at South Yarra. In one of theso, Mr. W. Grazebrook was walking in or near Carolinc-Btreet, at about-, half-past ten, when he was passed by two men, ona ot whom turned round, seized him, and threw him down, when his pockets were plundered of a gold watch and some other articles by two other men. The fellows having ob- tained their plunder, decamped. About two houiB after, Mr. H. Taylor, when walking be- tween the Observatory and Botanic-gardens, on his way to South Yarra, was accosted by a man, who asked for a light. While giving him some matches, Mr. Taylor was struck down from bohind, and became lnsonsiblo. Oncoming to himself, he found that his pockets had been rifled of some few shillings. At the Emerald-hill Police Court on Satur- day, J. M'Grogor, for the use of obscene and abusive language, was fined 40s.; or, in de- fault, seven days' imprisonment. Charles Morris, charged with a murderous assault upon one John Walker (at present unable to attend), waa remanded until Wednesday. Elizabeth and John Cornish were each fined 40s., or, in default, iourteen days' imprison- ment, for tho use of obscene .language and drunkenness. The magistrates on tho bench were Mr. J."Finlay (in tha chair) and Mr." J. P. Martin. At the Richmond Police Court on Satur- day last, Alfred Jenkins, a lad thirteen years of BRO, who had absconded from the Indus- trial School, to which he had been sent in AugUBt last, and sinco when he had been re- peatedly punished for repeated escapes, was now remanded thither, and ordered to be ktpt till he had attained his fifteenth year. The only other case of interest waa that of Mrs. Jane Egan, alias Ohatwin, oharged with stealing a few little things, worjh together about 6s, from Mrs. Porter, of Stophenson street, It appeared from the evidence that the prosecuttix was a fortune-tellor, to whom the prisoner had applied to have her fortune told ; and as it was asserted that both had been drunk together about the time of the alleged robbery, the Bench dismissed the case, the proof of theft being very deficient. The presiding magistrates ware Captain M'Crae, the Hon. W. Hull, and Mr. Bosisto, Mayor of Richmond. At the Williamstown Police Court on Saturday, a seaman named John Scott was brought before Mr. Call, for deBertlng from the Bed Jacket. He had been absent since the 18th December, and was arrested on board another vessel, in which ho had re-shipped. The prisoner, who was also charged with assaulting the second officer of the Red Jacket, was sentenced to twelve weeks' hard labour on board the hulks. The Maldon powder magazine has had a very narrow escape from being sut on fi'o. The authorities had ordered the gras» in tho paddock which surrounds it to b3 cleared away. Tho contractor who undertook the job had the incredible folly to attempt to execute the work by burning it off. The Majorca and Carisbrook Independent is responsible for the following :-" Some time ago, Mr. Pottz, a farmer residing at Harri Bon's-hill, near Carisbrook, lost a steer, and every search for it was unavailing. About fourteen dajs after the steer was lost Mr. Pottz observed his dog smelling at a hole, but paid no particular attention to the circum- stance. Three days after this occurrence, some diggers discovered the steer in the hole at which tho dog had been sniffing. It was fourteen feet deep, and contained sludge up to within about a foot of the steer's back. The peor beast was extricated at once, still alive, but in avery exhausted state, having been in tho hole, without food or water, for seventeen days. Mr. Pottz considered it advisable to givo it but a small quantity of water and hay at first, gradually increasing the quantity. Tho steer was in prime condition when lost, which probably accounts for its living BO Ion« without any kind of sustenance. Wo can vouch for the authenticity of. this state- ment." ¿n accident, which terminated fatally through the gross neglect of the persons with whom the sufferer was associated, is reported in tho Wangaratta Dispatch of Thuisday. It appears that a man named Wright, who was employed by Mr. Bagnell, of Docker's Plains, OB a labourer, was at work on a machine, when bio leg became entangled in the drum, breaking the bone in three places and muti- lating the flesh, On his cries being heard the machine was stopped, and the poor fellow ex- tricated from his dangerous position, Just at this moment an alarm of fire was given, and nil the labourers employ od wero directed by Mr. Bagnell to stop its progress, leaving Wright, without rendering him any assistance what- ever, bleeding profusely .for a period of over four hours. At about seven o'clock in the evening a messenger reached Dr. Hallett's, whon the doctor immediately hastened to the Econo of the accidont. On arriving on the ground, howevor, the doctor had to wait neatly a quarter of an hour before the man was brought undor cover, he having been ex- posed tho whole time. Amputation being nececsary, the requisite steps were at once taken, but, owing to the inhuman neglect with which the poor fellow had been treated previous to the arrival of the doctor, ho only lived an hour and a half after the operation. Dr. Dobbyn held an Inquest- on the body on Tuesday, and very properly refused to accept a verdict, that death was the result of an ac- cident without some qualification, and a rider was subsequently attached, stating that timo was loat in attending to the deceased, owing to the men being called upon, to put the fire out first. The Ararat Advertiser reports a case of death by drowning at Lake Boloke, on the 3rd insfc., under circumstances of a very singular kind. About eleven o'clock on the day mentioned a carter named Pratt, in journeying from Geelong to his residence in the township, which is situated olose to the lake, unyoked his horses near Mr. Moffatt's home station, and seeing evidences o£ a bush- fire in the vicinity, he rode off to assist in putting oat the flames, which it was ascertained'were ata distance of six miles from his camp. There was nothing known of him until the even- ing, when the horso on which ho rode re- turned without him. This excited alarm, and a number of persons who had seen Pratt ride away searched diligently, that evening, but could not learn anything of him. On the following day from "twenty to twenty five persons turned out, on foot and horse- back, and, beating up the vicinity of the fire in all directions, found, after a considerable time, the dead body of the missing man.lying in the lake in about two feet of water, and within four feet of the shore. There were no marks of violence on his person, and the causeB which led to the unfortunate man's fate cannot bo guessed at. Pratt was per- fectly sober at the time ho left the-drays, and was not known to be subject to any fits. Wo take the following particulars of an accident which occurred at the Mount Greenock Lead lost week* from the Talbot Leader of Friday;-" Two of the men, Tim mans and Kohfahi, were in the changing room, the formez filling cartridges for blast- ing and the latter working at the forgo. In welding two pieces of iron,, .Kahfahl had ne- cessarily to, secure a good heat, and having laid these pieces of iron well heated on the anvil, he struck them a heavy blow with a .hammer, causing sparks to fly about in every direction. Some of these sparks alighted upon the powder which Timmans was handling, causing som© four or five pounds of it to explode. At the time, Timmans was on a Beat overlooking the powder, consequently the full force of the explosion caught him in the face, and his appearance immediately afterwards was something hideous. Tho whole' of his beard, a somewhat luxuriant one, was clean shaved from his face, and his skin was changed from its natural colour to a sooty black. Fortunately, when tho explosion occurred hiB eyes were closed, and therefore his sight escaped injury. As to Kohfahi, that side of his face whioh was opposite to Tim- mans waB completely bared of whisker, and ho was burnt in several places about the body, but not by any means so seriously in- jured aB Timmans. The latter was forthwith removed to the Amherst Hospital, where, we aro informed, he is progressinc favourably; and Kohfahi bad to take to his bed for a few bouts beforo he was able,to resume work." The Bendigo Independent understands that the Government is about to despatch a sur- vey party, under a competent leader (a pro- fessional engineer), for the purpose of explor- ing and testing the capabilities of the country in and about the various gold-fields whioh aro at present but imperfectly supplied with water. A subscription has been commenced at Sandhurst for tho bonefit of the sufferers by tho fire which took place on Friday morn- ing, The greater portion of the feed on the Bar ton run (says the Ararat Advertiser of Friday) was consumed by fire a few days ago. Mr. Rich, the manager, obtained the assistance of a number of men from Campbell's Reef to stay the progress of the flames, but they were too late to prevent the wide-spread damage we report. They rendered, however, efficient help in the neighbourhood of the diggings, and stopped the fire in that quarter, thus preserv ing a considerable tract of country. The Lexington run has also suffered considerably from bush-fires. The Gipps Land Guardian assorts that a snake, twelvo feet in length and fourteen inches in circumference, had been found among some grass-trees on au island in Shal- low Inlet. A nugget weighing thirty ounces has been found in tho Great Britain Company's claim, South Dunolly. " It is ¡with much regret (says the Mary- borough Advertiser) we have to record the death of Mr. John Halse, sen., an old resident of this town, and a member of the Mary- borough Mining Board. Mr. Halse, together with his two sons, had contracted to break out quartz in a claim on Frederick's Reef, belong- ing to Messrs. Williams, and while engaged in this occupation on Wednesday morning, a mass of stone fell on him, causing instan- taneous death." The Daylesford Express of Thursday frfltftho following ¡-"Yesterday, the commission' of tho Mining Board appointed to investigate the charges against Mr. Surveyor Johnson met, at Jamison's Hotel. Instead of a rush of indignant miners, however, to accuse him of all kinds of extortion, only two or three wero present to prefer complaints. Indeed, a Mr. Arnold, who was the first to direct the atten- tion of the board to Mr. Johnson's alleged illegal practices, was not in attendance at all. The indictment eventually included only two or three cases in which exceoBivo foes were said to bavo been demanded ; and one of registering a miner named Craig, without a miner's right, in preference to a prior applicant named Guinane, who held a document of the kind. In this instance, the veracity or the memory of tho surveyor was impeached. It does not appear that he has derived much profit from the fees in the Warden's Court, for he declared, in a return to the Minister of Mines, that his Income from this sonrce for more than ton months, during which ho attended the conrt twenty-nine days, bad been only £41 ás. If the surveyor has demanded higher fees in the Warden's Court than the bye laws sanction, it would seem that the miners have not paid him more than a quarter tha number of times he has been called as a witness. The evidence will be sent down to the board, and action taken on it at the next meeting, on tho 80th." By way of Sydney, we have Brisbane news lo the 6th inBt. We have our files from Sydney to the 9th inBt. We have received, via Sydney, intelligence from Auckland to the 30th December, Wel- lington to the 81st December, and Nelson to the 3rd inBt. By the City of Launceston, we have our files from Launceston to the 14th inst. Mr. James Smith, tho well-known journalist, who is on a visit to Tasmania, delivered a lecture at Hobart Town on" the 11th. in which he gave an account of his "First Impressions of Tas- mania." The Governor took the chair on the occasion, but the attendance, according to the Mercury, was very limited. Mr. Smith spoke in eulogistic teims of the scenery, the haw- thorn hedges, the coaches, the olimate, the healthy appearance of the people, and the beauty of the ladies, and referred in compli- mentary terms to tho Governor and the Botanical-gardens. He then read his audience a leeson in political economy, and impressed upon them the necessity of bestirring them- selves, to prevent the gradual retrogression of the colony. " The lecturer," sayB the Mercury, " carefully abstained from any reference that could possibly offend the most fastidious, and concluded his lecture amid loud cheers." I - 