THURSDAY, MAROR 23. 1865. In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Tho Sandhurst, Inglewood, and Loddon District Tramway Company's Bill was far- ther considered ia committee. Sixteen clauses were agreed to, after which progress was reported. On the motion of Mr. Bindon, the House ordered tho production of a profit and loss account of the Victorian Railways for 1864, and the publication of a similar account half yearly. The House then went into committee on the Justices Law Consolidation and Amend- ment Bill, when the clauses from 41 to 131, inclusive, were agreed to. The reEolutions pasäed io Committee of Supply on Tuesday were reported and adopted. The House next resolved itself into Com- mittee of Supply. On the vote of £50,003 towards making main roads in such parts of the colony as cannot be brought under the jurisdiction of any lecal body, Mr. . Houston asked in what part of the country the Government propoflod to expend the money ? Mr. Somiyan said in newly-settled dis- tricts, like those of the Jamieson and Jordan. Mr, Sands expressed the opinion that the amount of the vote was too small. Mr. Harker asked where the subsidy of £600 per mile in aid of main roads was pro- vided for ? Mr. Verdon said it was included In the special appropiiations for endowments to lecal bodies, which amounted in the whole to about £200,000. Mr. 0'Gea.dï suggested the postponement of the vote until the production of tho report as to the working of the Local Government Act. After some further discussion, the vote was agreed to ; as was also that of £10,000 towards a biidge to be constructed (in conjunction with the New South Wales Government) across tho Murray. Votes for salaries and wages in the follow- ing departments, and amounting to £242,780 9s. 6d" were likewise passed ¡-Legislative Council, Legislative Assembly, Parliament library, Chief Secretary's office, Registrar General and Registrar of Supreme Court, police, gaols, and Penal department. Progress was then reported. The House adjourned at twenty-five minutes past eleven o'clock. " We are to relinquish the controlling check of the Upper House ; we are to constitute one over-ruling, privileged, democratic body, and to trust it with an authority, not only unlimited, not only irresponsible, but secret and unseen. No, never will such a tyranny be borne !"-Str R. PteVt Speech at the Glasgow Banquet, January 13, 1837. We bave a very stringent law against unlicensed medical practitioners, vul- garly called quacks. It is held to be the duty of the state to protect the lives of Her Majesty's lieges against the empiricism of unqualified persons. Al- though a solf-constituted medicus should entertain the strong conviction that he has discovered a grand panacea, a uni- versal specific for all kinds of diseases, from toothache to gout, it is not deemed expedient to allow him to display his ingenuity, and to fill his pockets at the expense of the lives or the health of the public; and although peojile may be found credulous or venturesome enough to permit of experiments upon them- selves, should fatal consequences en- sue, and a coroner's jury affirm that the cause of death was owing to the malpractice of an unlicensed practitioner, he would not be exempt from punishment, although he should be able to prove that ho administered his specifics, not only with the consent, but even at the urgent desire, of the de- ceased. The same precautions aro not, how- ever, taken against those who indulge in quackery at the expense of the body politic. In the case of the unhappy subject just mentioned, every one who has temerity enough, and who is lucky enough, to become an M.L.A., may in- dulge his experimentalism without fear of ulterior consequences. Now, we hold it to be just as unreasonable to entrust our social interests as our physical health to the' treatment of unqualified persons ; and if, before a man can prac- tise as a physician, he must produce a diploma which certifies that he has re- ceived a competent education, should we not look for evidence that the men whom wc elect as legislators have un- dergone that mental and moral training which would alone justify us in com- mitting into their hands the preservation of our liberties, the making of our laws, and the care of our public finances 1 Por tho performance of such, functions, we should select neither an ignoramus, a dolt, a spendthrift, a beggar, a gambler, nor a rogue. It is true that a member of the Legis- lature is but a political unit, and that only in combination with others can he exercise an appreciable effect upon the public interests ; but if the aggregate number of our Corps Législatif be igno- rant and unqualified, or worse, their in- fluence for the time is paramount ; or, if only a considerable minority be of this character, their influence will bo felt, because their votes will be considered whenever a division is to take place. Although not powerful enough to ini- tiate a policy, they may be powerful enough to thwart one, and will always be likely to become the servile followers of those who will flatter their vanity or pander to their interests. It was the boast of Napoleon that every private in his army was a possible marshal. Every member of our As- sembly is a possible Chief Secretary or head of a department. Out of the stuff of which members are made are Mini- sters made ; and the mischiefs arising from the election of unsuitable persons to the Legislature become more manifest when they are entrusted with a port- folio. Their power for evil is then im- mensely increased, for their sphere of action is enlarged, and thoy are in the place and have the means to act upon others to carry out their measures. It would be idle to expect that our electors should make so good a selection as an older and more advanced com- munity might do. We have not a sufficient number in the colony with the education and the leisure inclined to devote themselves to political life, and the day is probably distant when our Parliament will be able to bo com- pared with the legislative bodies of Europe in regard to tho higher men- tal endowments ; but we have more than may be suspected of intelligence and integrity enough to require that they should have been preferred to many who now swell the Ministerial majority. Until, however, a preference is shown by the electors to modest worth over a boastful self-sufficiency, and to a well-tried honesty over a brawling throat and face of brass, such men will pass unnoticed ; and we shall be at the mercy of those whose power of self assertion is taken for all that it declares itself to be. In the presence of a Legislature of a character as high as the colony could actually furnish, it would have been simply impossible that the M'Culloch Ministry could have ventured upon a scheme so crude, so inconsistent, and so injurious, as their new tariff unques- tionably is, and they could have been guilty of no such misappropriation of the public funds. Presuming upon the ma- jority by which they are backed-upon their ignorant prejudices and upon their unacrupulousness-they have dared to make so many encroachments within the sphere of public legal right, that we can but ask, What next 1 The Immigration Fund has been taken to swell the amount of the public revenue, the income from the Yan Yean Waterworks is proposed to be divorted from its legitimate purpose, and Mr. Verdon, with a naive simplicity, which his youth and inexperience can alone excuse, stands before the House abso- lutely unabashed, while he take3 credit for the administration of our finances in a faultless and economical manner ! In England the traditions of office to a great extent bind those who suc- ceed to it, but the decrees of Parliament are as sacredly observed as the oldest institutions of the country and the most cherished liberties of the subject. The Primo Minister in England, or rather his Chancellor of the Exchequer, would no more dare to appropriate the public moneys to other purposes than those to which they were orignally destined than he would venture to steal one of the Crown jewels. The faith which is exercised by the British public in the administrative integrity of the members of the Cabinet is unreserved. In all the strifes of party, the malversation of the public funds by a Minister of the Crown is never even suspected. It has been re- served for a British colony to witness, and for the M'Culloch Ministry to perpe- trate, an injury upon public order that we must designate as most flagitious. Where will Ministers stop, if their con- duct in these instances is to pass un rebuked? Is there not spirit enough in the Lower House, and respect enough for political and legal right, to demand an explanation and a defence? Al- though a vote upon a motion of such a nature might sustain the Ministry in their reckless and illegal course, such a motion would at least be a becoming protest in behalf of public duty and Ministerial fidelity. If the deliberately recorded decisions of Parliament, given in one of the cases referred to when con- tracting a public loan, and in the other when finally arranging our land policy and that too, in the latter case, in har- mony with the arrangement with the mo- ther couutry by which we acquired our powers of self-government-if, wo say, the decisions of Parliament solemnly given can be contravened with impunity by a Minister, we can boast of no such thing as public faith and constitutional order, and wo are the hapless victims of an unscrupulous and unprincipled bureaucracy. The European news this time is rather barren of striking events, but oc- currences in Germany and the foreign policy exhibited by Spain are certainly matters deserving of observation, and which should not pass without notice. In the cause of Teutonic unity, the Ger- mans have just accomplished the object of wresting the Duchies from Denmark, and now that the thing is done, it is by no means clear that it may not injure instead of serve the original intention. There is a serious quarrel as to how the spoil is to be disposed of, [ and there is some reason to ap- prehend that, so far from Teutonic unity being enlarged and cemented, the immediate result may be a total break up of the Confederation. Prussia wishes to make the annexed provinces part and* parcel of her own domain, while the lesser states insist on the claims of the ! Duke of AuGUSTKNBERa as ruler of the Duchies, in order that one moro lesser state may be added to the Confederacy represented at Frankfort; ani the gravest feature of the dispute is, that the two great states appear to have leagued in the matter against the smaller. Austria, though uniformly fearing the rivalry of Prussia, seems to coalesce with her in this business, and the fact naturally excites the alarm of the weaker members of the Diet. They say, if those hitherto jealous antagonists join in order that one of them shall obtain an extension of territory, it is evidently on the under- standing that the other shall obtain it too ; and it is impossible for Austria to spread her borders without encroaching upon or wholly appropriating some of us. Consequently, the smaller Btates aro talking of forming a separate league, and if such a project should be realised, there would henceforward be three dis- united German powers in lieu of the existing federation. Without any bond of union, there would be Austria, there would be Prussia, and a third power alone representative of the Frankfort Union, and of which the chief members would be Bavaria, Saxony, Hanover, Wurtemberg, and the Schleswig-Hol- stein sovereignty. In this way, the Germans would heavily punish them- selves for their onslaught on Denmark ; for the nation would be more broken, more widely sundered, than ever it was before. And the balance of European power would be likewise affected, for though the German states are now but very imperfectly conjoined, they still pull together in some sort. On serious occasions, such as the chance of Teutonic soil being invaded, they are always sure to combine. If the Cossack were to ap- proach Berlin, or the Zouave Baden or Cologne, the Diet assembled on the Maine would rouse the whole " Fathor " land" in arms. But if the present body is to be reconstituted into three separate bodies, mutually hostile, Cen- tral Europe would soon be at the mercy of the great military em- pires at each side - France and Eussia. The shameless selfishness of the Prussian Monarch and Cabinet are mainly chargeable with provoking this danger. The smaller states can, at any rate, plead for their conduct in the late war, that they sought, however mistakenly, a national object, to include all Germans in Germany; but Prussia shows that she meant no higher object than her own individual aggrandisement. It will, indeed, be a singular spectacle, if a movement professedly'undertaken to strengthen the Teuton nationality, should eventuate in the very contrary exhibition threatened "by this mail's news. As respects Spain, it is her foreign, not internal policy, which forces itself on our notice. That country, so fa- voured geographically, and at one time so potent in the European family, gra- dually but totally lost her leading posi- tion, and for generations has played the part of a minor and quite uninfluential kingdom. Her population shrank away, her industry departed, the magnificent colonies which owned her sway shook off her yoke, and she became the most extraordinary instance of a national reverse of foitune. But she has recu- perative power, for she has wonderful resources, the effect of which nothing but unparalleled mismanagement could ever have checked or frustrated. That she may some clay or other resume a promi- nent status in politics is highly probable, and already the attempt has been made to call back, in some degree, her ancient spirit. And it has been attempted, not only in the industrial, but in the mili- tary way. Following the establishment of railroads and revival of trade, war was undertaken against the Moors, here- ditary enemies, and a district was con- quered beyond the Gibraltar Straits, which conquest, if worth nothing else, might at any rate count for something in restoring the national self-esteem and confidence. Then Spain joined France in the expedition against Cochin China ; and in the vague hope of resuming her Transatlantic empire, co-operated in the Mexican enterprise also. But on this latter point the Napoleonic views did not accord with the views enter- tained in Madrid. The Mexican Indians hate the Spaniard, their old master ; the half- castes share the sentiment ; and the creóles have now little voice in that hybrid community. So the French Em- peror deemed it more hopeful to start a new state, ruled by an Austrian arch- duke, than set up again the unpopular Spanish supremacy. Disappointed in Mexico, Spain still cherishes the idea of recovering foothold in what were once her American colonies ; and in pursu- ance of the idea, has availed herself of opportunity to attack San Domingo and declare war against Peru. But the people of San Domingo decline the treaty, signed without their sanction by their late President Santana, and they have repelled the Spanish forces ; while, as regards Peru, nearly the whole of the other South American republics bind themselves to support her, knowing that the case of Peru might happen to be their own case by and bye. Moreover, the great European powers are by no means friendly to all this novel and rather startling action on the part of Spain, and so the new Ministry in Madrid intimate their intention of aban- doning the aggressive attitude. In a word, Spain is re-enacting the career of her own Don Quixote in enterprises of this na- ture. Itis certainlysome proof that she is rousing from her recent lethargy, but of all the nations she is perhaps still least capable of imitating the French example in merely experimental or sentimental wars. It is a noticeable fact of the cur- rent time that her energy, long dormant, is reviving, but it ought to be industrial, not military, if it is to be really en- during. _ Both Houses of Parliament sit to-day. At half-past four p.m., His Excellency tho Go- vernor will attend in the Legislative Council Chamber to give his assent to hills. In the Legislative Assembly, a " call of the House" willbemadefortheconslderatlonof tho motion for the second reading of the Constitution Law Consolidation BilL It appears that although the Appropriation Bill will this year take an unusual form, the measure will be the last to leave the Lower for the Upper House. The intentions of the Government in this regard were dlaclosod in the Législative Assembly last evening, during a short discussion on the representation that the arrangement proposed a fortnight ago of devoting overy evening, aftor tho dinner hour, to the consideration of tho Est). mates, had to Borne extent been departed from. Tho usual meeting of the council of the Acclimatisotion Society was held on Tuesday. Present-The Hon. W. 0. Haines, Colonel Champ, Dr. J. Black, and Messrs. G. S. Ling, A.B. 0.Selwyn, J. Steavenson,and A.Parchas! A large mass of correspondence which arrived by the recent mail was laid bofore tho council, amongst which was a letter from the eocioty's agent, Mr. Thatcher, reporting his safo rT-lval in England, and also that in Bßite of ,áuí m nsually scvoreand lengthened pássagohe had landed, with two exceptions, all tho quadrupeds and birds entrusted to his care, In consequence of the unavoidablo delay in procuring the Angora goats from Asia Minor, it is probahlu that Mr. Thatcher's re- turn moy be delayed for two or threo months, as ho will return ia charge of a shipment of these animals. A letter from Dr. Sclator, the secretary to the Zoological Society of London, bore testimony to the good condition in which tho animals were landed, and in conveying the thanks of the council of that society for the valuable collec- tion sent, intimated, at tho same time, his intention of making a return in the way of a few Impeyau pheasants. A letter from the Rajah Rajendro Mullick, of Calcutta, stated that he had shipped for the society six .rufus-tailed ¡pheasant?, and eight Indian geese. A letter from Mr, James M'Lachlan, of Batavia, mentioned that threo of tho beautiful crowned goura pigeons of New Guinea had been sent down to Sydnoy by the ship Helvoetsluys. These, tho socrotary reported, had arrived por City of Melbourne, in charge of Mr. Davis, who had kindly taken care of them all the way from Batavia. Mr. Lang mentioned that he had just returned from Tasmania, where ho had visited the salmon-breeding pondp, and he was glad to ba able to state that both the salmon and trout continued to progress moat favourably. The Superintendent roported the arrival, por A. IT. Badger, of two rufus-tailed pheasants, and six bare-headed geese from Calcutta. Oaptiin Marshall, with his accustomed liberality, not only gave tho birds a free passaze, but also took the greatest care of them whilst on board. In the Supreme Court yesterday tho second day of Easter Term, the business fully occu- pied the whole day. A rula 7iís» to enter a nonsuit in the caso of IVPherson v. the District Hoad Board of Meredith was granted, on tho ground that the jury had perversely disre- garded the judge's direction, and that the verdict was against evidence. In Chvgh and others v.Bymes and others, it was stated that the defendants have abandoned their inten- tion to appttal to the Privy Council. A rule nisi was granted to them to rescind their appeal order, and got their deposit of £600 out of court. In the caso In n Fraser and others ex parte Mills, the Court held that whero justices had on a summons for rates ordered a warraut to issue, such order or determination was not an "order or conviction" within the mean- ing of the Act No. 169, the execution of which the Court could prohibit under that act. In Swan ti. M'Lellan, a potty sessions had convicted the dofendant, under the Va- grant Act, of using abusive and threatening languoge to plaintiff in a public place namely, a room in an hotel at Ararat, where a political meeting was being held. On appeal to general sessions, tho conviction was quashed, because it was held in law that the room neither was nor might be a " public place " within the meaning of the Vagrant Act. On a question stated by tho General Sessions for the opinion of tho Supromo Court, the latter held that the former had gone too far in holding that such a room might not-could not possibly-be, or be proved to havo been, a "public place" within the meaning of the Vagrant Act. In the case of Se Callaghan, a prisoner, a habfit corpus was ordered to bring up a man who has been imprisoned with hard labour for a common assault-the law justifying the im- prisonment only in such cases. In Homan [ap- pellant) v. Yewin {respondent), the Court held . that It could not go outside the words of a case stated by justices for the opinion of the Court; and that the Court muBt decide only the error or rectitude in point of law of the justices' determination as stated by them. In The Oriental Bank v. Qoujon and others, the Court held that whore several mortgagors havo jointly and severally covenanted to pay a grosi sum, a proviso limiting the responsibility of each covenantor to a part only of the gross sum is repugnant and void, and loaves each and every covenantor Hablo for the whota Such a proviso was likened in argument to a condition against marriage tacked on to the gift or conveyance of an estate to a bachelor and the lawful heirs of his body, a condition! which would be clearly repugnant to tho gift or conveyance, and therefore void. Mr. Justice Molesworth, in chambers, yes- terday gave his decision on the reservad points on the application of the liquidatoi- in the estate of the Minmi Colliery Company to> have certain persons made contributorleä to* wards the debts of tho company. There wera throe reserved points,-Fhst as to the liability of persons out of the jurdiotion of tho Court', being beyond the colony ; secondly, as to non-' subscription of deed ¡ and thirdly, as to the validity of share transfer without the consent of co-proprietors. With respect to the first point the learned judge held that shareholders out of the colony cannot bo placed on the list of contributors ; but when they return, should they ever do so, they can be placed on a supplementary list.. He also decided that persons cannot eíp | liability by reason of not having sib ( the deed of association, unless they w\ ; excluded from all prospective benefit of partnership and their shares for- feited. As respected the case of Mr.* Michie (the Minister of Justice), who had transferred his shares without obtaining tho consent of the directors, it was true that there wob no actual board of directors ia existence at the time, still he was bound to have obtained the consent of tho other share holders, and must be made contributory. HiaHonourintimated that atthesitting of tho Equity Court, this morning, ho will glw judgment in the case of Eeape v. Hawthorn. < There wob another examination yesterday, before the Chief Commissioner, in tho ia* solvent estate of John Brown, of Como, a partner in the firm of Brown and Stewart, spirit merchants, of Elizabeth- street. W» Brown appeared to have takin very li"1? interest in his own commerçai aftä.t>» a" could give no explanation* of a deficiency of £12,000, shown in a supplementary account, relative to some £60,000 worm of bills retired by the firm. His laß clerk, however, endeavoured to show that waa fully explained by losses on the gener* account. This was clear, that there wai« deficiency of £27,000 under the insolvency and the insolvent's further examination w» adjourned to have a clear statement of to* sum submitted to the Court. Mr. Browi wa likewise examined as to the deposit of W,w by a Mr. Lowe with the firm T^mtJ. curity ; though he subsequently eaveaiiequi able mortgage over property of £1.18«.J»° ^ added that he believed his late partner,T .Stewart, deceased, had given security over a .property in Fitzroy, but already mortgaged over its value, for £8,000. The following gentlemon have screened .their names at tho Supremo Court, intimat- ing their intention to apply on the lost day of the present Easter Term toba admitted as attorneys, solicitors, and proctors of the Supreme Couit of Victoria :-Charles Roy, ]i38 Moray-street, Emerald-hill ; Anthony I'ruthers Lindsay, of Little Nelson-street, Wil Kiimstown; Frederick Robeit Lees, of the '. arra Yarra Hotel, Melbourne ; James Vernon Mouncbier Hitchins, of Lydiard- strect, Bal- larat; John Harwood, of Gardiner, County Kfj"s^purko i Thomas Brerorton Watson, of i "'j' >''J, Gloucester-terrace, St. Kilda; "William -.'Fiederick Smith, of Chiltern; and Charles James Cresswell, of New-road, Brighton. We fear that tho pleasing intelligence tiansmitlcd from Adelaide by telegram on Tuesday night, with refcrenceito a fortnightly mail service to and from Gallo (and England) ivas premature. The present contract of the Peninsular and Oriental Company terminates in February of next year, and in the mean- time {they are not likely to Increase tho Ber- nées performed by the Australian branch. It is pofsible the new contracts may embraco a fortnightly service, that the steamers may -touch at Kangaroo Wand, and that tho in- creased ficquency of communication may commence at onco on the conclusion of a new contract ; but at present we fear that wo must content ourselves with a monthly mail. Wo have received a copy of the supple anentaiy catalogue of (he Public Library. It appears to be admirably arranged, and affords pleasing evidence of tho increase to our public literary treasures. A special meeting of tho shareholders of the Colonial Insurance Company was held yesterday, but the proceedings were conducted privately. The good ship Fearnought, bound for Callao, bore off yesterday from our shores one of the most natural and refined of come- dians who havo over visited thom. Stirrup cups, if one may so say nautically, flowed ?brimful of good wishes from many friends that fair winds might Wow for Mr, Jefferson, on hlB re- viBiting his nativo country, and on his professional tour to England. The actual .embarkation was, however, without any de- monstration. The committee of the Collingwood Penny Savings Bank, ono of the first institutions of ihe kind originated in the suburbs of Mel- bourne, have furnished a progress report of their transactions, in which it is stated that the bank waB opened ou the 11th June, 18G1, and the report extends to tho close of that year. The total number of depositors was 1,420, and of accounts closed by withdrawal of deposits 263. The number of depositors on 31st December was 1,107, and the amount to their ciedit £804 0s. 8d., being an average of about las. lOd. each. The accounts vary from Id. to £16 5?., tho greater portion being munder 10s. The bank has been open for de- posits forty- six nights, the largest amount ¡received any evening being £5t> Ga. 3d. ; and the largest amount withdrawn, £38 11s. 5 j , ?which was on December 24. The amount of in- terest due to depositors was £7 13j. 8d, and that duo.from the English, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Chartered Bank 'on fixed deposit, £1917s. The transactions for the half year, after payment of all expenses, show a net .profit of £1 7s. Od. There is ono feature in connexion with the ?case of murder rcpoited in another column to which it íb right to draw attention, and that is, the place and time of its occurrence, viz. at the bar of a public-house at half-past three .o'clock in the morning. It will be remem Jbered that, under tho former licensing act, hotel keepers were compelled to close their houses at ten o'clock, unless holding night licences, which wero not granted by the JJench unlees some special cause wero shown ?why a night licence should bo granted to the house for which application was made Houses for which night licences were held .were permitted to remain open until twelve .o'clock. Under the present act, a general licence entitles a publican to keep his house open till midnight, whilo if he has a night .licence he is allowed to keep it open all »ight. At the same time the granting of tho licence is no longer discretionary, but becomes compulsory on the Bench, unless certain specified objections against it aro made and supported. When the act first carno into operation, the opinion waa expressed by the police inspector, and was coincided in by Mr. Sturt, P.M., that the granting permission to .eo many houses to remain open all night would exert a most detrimental influence .upon the quiet and order of Melbourno. Since that Mr. Sturt has often commented upon the largo proportion of charges of disorderly conduct, &c;, which have been -entered after midnight. A short timo ago a return was prepared by his direc- tion, showing tho numbjr of charges which bad bcon entered at the Swanston .street watchhouse between midnight and six o'clock In the morning from July 18> 1804, to the end of the year, as compared with .those taken within the same hours in the same portion of the previous year. From this return it appears thal-, whereaB the number of prisoners brought in within the earlier period were-Drunkards, 269; disordoily females, 69 ; and other offences, 269 ; making a total of 587, in tho latter one the numbsr had increased to a total of 705, viz : Drunkards, 300 ; disorderly women, 139 ; and other offences, 200. That is to say, there was an increase of l18 charges, or about 'twenty per cent, whioh ein only be regarded as due to the extension of the hours during .whioh public-houses aie permitted to remain .©pen. The present adds another and a stronger instance to the many that havo gone before, .At the Richmond Police Couit yesterday Robert Oollister applied for a publican's licence for a house in Barney-street, to bo colled the Grapes Inn. A Bimilar application had previously been made on bahalf of a man named Harris, and repeatedly rotiiBod. The Bench now decided to refuse to grant the licence, because the house did not provide sufficient accommodation. The presiding magistrates were Captain M'Orea, Dr. Wil- son, Mr. Boslsto, and Mr. Templeton. Tho proceedings at Emerald-hill Polico 'Court yesterday were altogether of an unim portant nature, and W6re confined to deal- ing with several actions for the recovery of petty debts, and summonses for infringe- ment of the borough bye-laws. Several of the cases wero withdrawn ; in others, servies of summons was not proved ; and a charge of assault, made by a wife against her husband, was postponed for a week. \- There was a large number of offenders .brought before the Brunswick Bench yester .day; Five persons were fined 20í. each for using obscene language ; whilo soma half ( dozen transgressors against the corporate .bjc-laws met with somewhat similar treat- ment. Messrs. Rawlings, Thomas, and Tin- ning, were on the Bench. At the Williamstown Police Court, yester- day, Ellen Hood, a young woman about nine- teen years of age, was charged with attempt- ing to poison herself. From a statement made by the police, it appeared that on the previous afternoon the girl's father, in return for some impertinence, gave her a slap in the face, upon which the prisoner walked delibe- rately into an adjoining room and drank off the contents of a bottle of laudanum. Dr. Maclean was immediately sent for, and suc- ceeded in ejecting the poison. As the wit- nesses were not in attendance, the case was remanded until Monday next. Another girl, named Bridget Johnson, was charged with vagrancy, in attempting to obtain money under false pretences. After hearing the par- ticulars, the prisoner was cautioned and handed over to her stepfather. Jane Law- rence, a dissipated woman, was admonished for being diunk. Mr. Mason was the pro siding magistrate. The man named John Jones, remanded on Monday last by the Geelong Bench, on a chaige of criminally assaulting a yonng woman-Mb wife's sister-was placed before the Bench again yeBterday. The doctor's testimony having been given, the prisoner was committed for trial. The following complimentary notice of an important, work, issued from the presa of Melbourne, appears in the Athenäum of the 21st January last:-''Let English printers look to their laurels if they do not wish to be deprived of them by the printers at the Anti- podes. We have seen a bulky quarto volume, printed and published at Melbourne towardB the closo of 1864, which, for clearnoss and legibility, and execution generally, excels any work of the kind produced in this country. The book In question contains results of meteorological observations taken in the colony of Victorin, 18591802, and Nau- tical observations, 1858 1802, by G. Noumayer, director of tho Melbourne Flagstaff Ob- servatory. The tables are well arranged, and the typo, even the smallest, is so clear and distinct, and the paper so good, that it ¡B a real pleasure to turn over the pages, quite opart from the intrinsic merits of the woik. The frontispieco is a chromo- lithograph of an Aurora Australis, as observed 2nd September, 1869. Admitting it to be a faithful representation, tho phenomenon must have been a most magnificent spectacle, form- ing a complete bow, with a corona at the apex. Colonists are apt to boast that they go ahead of the old country. In this Instance it is not without reason. Wo believe that a number of the volumes will bo sent 'to England, for distribution among the observatories of Europe." A public meeting was held In the Me- chanics' Institute, Bacchus Marsh, on the evening of Tuesday last, to take measures to test the basin of the marsh, which has long been believed to bo auriferous. There was a large attendance. Dr. Thorpe, J.P., was called to the chair. Ha expressed himself confident that a search for the precious metal would meet with success. He also mentioned the fact that two auriferous rivera emptied themselves into the basin of the marsh ; and there were many other striking indications to encourage effort and warrant an outlay of capital. Resolutions expressing the confidence of the meeting in the auri- ferous nature of the marsh, and a determina- tion to give it a fair trial, were carried unani- mously. A provisional committeo was ap- pointed. The following paragraph appears in the Ballarat Star of yesterday :-" The property of the Hon. W. J. T. Clarke comprises about thirteen thousand acres of the best lands in the parishes of Glendaruel, Ascot, Beckwith, Burrumbeet, Windermere, &c;, and has during the past month been re-leased by Mr. Clarke to tenant farmers at an average rate of 13s. 6d. per acre. In making the necessary ar- rangements for these new leases Mr. Clarke, with his usual sagacity in such matters, dispensed with the services of agents, though several were ready at his elbow, and travelled about among his tenants, making himself practically and thoroughly acquainted with the value of his splendid property, and has thereby been enabled to effect the re-letting of his farms on far better terms than he could otherwise have obtained. Having at length concluded his business in this satisfactory manner, he determined still further to dispense with agents and collectors of all sorts, and to let the entire property for ten years, subject of course to the new leases above- mentioned. After receiving offers for this latter purpose from several well- known persons, Mr. Clarke has accepted the joint offer of three gentlemen well known in the dis- trict, and whose previous experience therein has probably enabled them to secure to them- selves a first-rate bargain. The gentlemen in question are Mr, G. G. Morton, of Labona ; Mr. David Kinnersly, of Learmonth ; and Mr. John Wilson, of Mount Hollowback, who are now the lessees for the next ten years of the 13,000 acres. We have not heard the terms on which the bargain has been concluded, but are informed on the best authority that the whole matter is definitely concluded, and that a deposit of upwards of £6,000 cash has been paid." The value of irrigation receives a testimony in the following paragraph from the Ballarat Star:-"Like an oasis in tho desert is the green two-acre garden by the Bide of the Yarrowee, at Sunny Corner, while all around is hiown arid earth or sand, shingle, boulders, and diggora' shallow holes. This garden has been made and is held by a company of Chinese, whose industry and ingenuity have created there at once a source of profit to themselves and of pleasure to the eye of the wayfarer. We wish all the idle loafers in Ballarat who ' havo got no work to do ' would go and do like those haid-working and quiet Chinese gardeners have done." A public meeting was held in the theatre, Castlemaine, on Monday evening, " for the purpose of adopting means to impress on the Legislature the necessity for a sup- ply of water being provided for the gold- fields of the Castlemaine and Bendigo dis- tricts." "The theatre," Bays the Mount Alexander Mail, "was crowded in all parts, and there could not bave been less than 900 or 1,000 poisons present." Representa- tives were present from all tho towna and districts interested in the Coliban scheme. The following is the principal reso- lution adopted. It was moved by Mr. Wal- lace, and seconded by the Mayor of Sand- hurst:-"That this meeting-composed of tho minors, merchants, storekeepers, and other residents of the Castlemaine district, together with authorized delegates fiom tho boroughs of Sandhurst, Chewton, Eiglehawk, Malmsbury, Taradale, and Kyneton; tho road boards of Fryers, Campbell's Creek, and Metcalf; tho shires of Maldon and Newstead ; the mining boards of Sandhurst and Castle- maine; and the Parliamentary representa- tives of the several districts-Is of opinion that no impediment now exists for the carry- ing out of a scheme of water Bupply for the benefit of the mining and agricultural areas commandod by the watershed of tho Coliban, That as the Government have now before them three separate schemes, each of which has been affirmed as practicable by a compe- tent authority, it is the duty of the Legisla- ture to take tho matter into consideiation immediately, with the vlow to determine which plan shall be carried out at the cost of the state." A hint for a new industry is given by the South Australian Register, in the following paragraph :-" When the English mail left the old counlry, the jewellers wore doing a considerable trade in Brazilian beetles, by setting them In gold or silver, to form brace- lets, necklets, brooches, &e.; The beetles chiefly used are found in immense numbers at Bania, and they are brought to England in the Brazilian mail packets. The beetles are of Email size, and their colours are green and gold. Tbey are caught in nets, to pie vent their mutilation, and sell in England air about a shilling each." An incident of life on the gold-fields is given as follows by the Rutherglen corres- pondent of the Ovens, Advertiser:-"A son of Mr. John Francis, named Christopher, aged nine year?, was eent out to look for a goat of his father's on Saturday, at four o'clock p.m. Not returning at night, lils parents and their friends went out in seorch of him. They searched all night, but without success. He was not discovered until about five o'clock on Sunday evening, and then it was through the energetic conduct of Senior-constable Rankin, Mr. Rankin went searching amolig the shafts on the Wahgunyah Load, and noticed some fresh footmarks at the top of one of the old holes. He took a small piece of clay and dropped it in the shaft, stooping at tho same time, when he heard a voice from the shaft, saying, as ho thought, ' Dadda.' To moko sure it was not an echo of his own voice, Mr. Rankin shouted, and then was certain that he had found the missing child. He despatched Constable Connor for assistance, and ropos, &c.; which speedily arrived. A log was placed acroES the month of the shaft, and Trooper Leveron was lowered, and cried out that the boy was all right. Leveron lashed the boy to the rope, and whilo he was being hauled up, the father arrived at full speed on horseback, having been Ecouring another portion of the distr.'ct.'and, curiously enough.'arrived in time to seo a crowd of men bring hiB child to the surfaco without a scratch. This was provi- dential, considering that the shaft is seventy eight feet deep. He was in all night, and up to six o'clock on Sunday, and yet did not seem much the worse. General admiration is expressed at the conduct of Senior-constable Rankin and ConBtablo Connor, as it is im- probable the child would have been found but for their patience and energy." The miners of Gipps Land seem much in want of more legal help, to determine the questions that ariEe among them. On this subject the Times says :-" During the trial of miniDg cases before tho Warden's Court, Judge Brewer, acting deputy judge for Court of Minep, stated that, practically, tho inhabi- tants of Gipps Land had no judge of Court of Mines, because ho livod outside the district, and had no power outside the boundary to grant an injunction, or to permit plaintiffs to substituto servico by advertisement on de- fendants, or in any other way to act as judgo of Court of Mines. Sieing tho almost impos- sibility of finding Judge Cope when wanted Cas ho lives at Beechworth), and the very limited powers of the police magistrate, it is absolutely indispensable that some changes be made, if law and order are to be presorved on our gold-fields." We quote the following-on a subject lately treated in our columns-from the Daylesford Mercury of yesterday :-" As au instance of how the hospital is unfairly preyed upon, wo give (he following. Some time sinco a man named Gardner, while infuriated with drink, at Blanket "Flat, Bet upon one Burke, and in the fracas broke Burke's leg, who was then taken to the hospital ; and having been lying there for some time, was yesterday enabled to come to court, when it was stated that the matler had been squared by the defendant, Gardner, paying the injured man £18 as smart money, and, accordingly, the case wob withdrawn. Surely, in theso cases, such an institution should be in a position to prose- cute a civil action against the mau causing the damage, and recover a sufficient sum to indemnify the institution to the amount ex- tended In curing a man injured, not by un- . avoidable accident, but by reckless ruffian- ism. It is with tho greatest difficulty that tho necessary funds can bo provided for cases of misfortuneB and illness, and where acci- dents are clearly attributable to recklessness or violence surely the loss should not falljon the charity of the community." Albeit Roberts has reduced billiards to as neailyone of the "exact" sciences as may be, yet, till a greater player'than him shall arise, fortune muet always enter into con- sideration, when a game is played. Last night the fickle dame declared herself defi- nitely against the champion, who, though succeEsful with breaks of sixty or seventy in the early part of the game, failed to socuro a continuity of play towards the end. His opponent was Norcllffe, who recoived GOO points; and so rapid was Roberta's play at the beginning that he scored 400 to Norcllffe's ninety-six. Then fortune went over to Nor oliffe, who, in spite of the magnificent play against him, found the balls break to his cue; and being himself equal to any of Roberta's Australian opponents, he was able to avail himself of his chances. The result was that, after excellent play on both sides, Norcliffe won by fifty points. To night, Roberts will play Mr. Bennett, of St. Kilda, giving hita G50 points. The Chewton committee for the relief of the sufferers by the bush-fires have reported that " the losses sustained through the burning of fences and grass were so enormous that any compensation which could be offered would bo so unsatisfactory that they considered it advisable not to entertain any claims on that head. But respecting the destruction of grain, farming implements, houses, &c;, they - were of opinion that aid, as far as ia tho com- mittee's power, should be given. They recom- mended an immediate payment of a dividend to each Bufferer; but they advised that in every case a guarantee should be taken that tho money be expended on tho land where the property was destroyed. The losses, ex- clusivo of fencing and grass, they estimated at £2,000. There aro altogethor twenty four applicants for relief, of whom Boven are houseless. The contributions received amount to £355 17s." It was agreed to pay an im- mediate instalment (after careful inspection of the scene of loss) of 2s. Ga. in the pound. Mr. NormaD, of Chewton, has received, on behalf of the sufferers by the late bush-fires, a donation of a crate of earthenwaro from Mr. Henry Stewart, of Melbourne. The value of the earthenwaro is about £10, and it was delivered free of carnage. Miss Edith Palmerston took her boneflt last night at the Polytechnic-hall, on the termination of a first and successful season. Ab this pleasant entertaiument has from the commencement nightly been marked by variety and novelty, so last evonlng the fair artist added one more to tho list of her clever personations, in a Yankee Country Girl. With tho single objection that the railway speed of speech which would seem to be proper to this variety of the fair box was ?deficient in clearness of cnunoiotion-and Miss Palmerston would do well to remember Mr. ChatleB Mathews, and how each syllable comes out clear as a silver bell from the fastest of his talk-it was full of animal spirits. But all theso representations of the fair and much-praised republicans conduce to the re" flection that it would require a deal of bsauty to gloss such a vernacular. Miss Palmerston is about to make a suburban and country tour, commencing thiB evening at St. Kilda, and many will no doubt join in the wish to seo her again in Melbourne prior to her final departure for the American land of gold. This evening, the Lancashire Bällringers will commence the second Beaaon in Mel- bourne of their delightful performances, at the Polytechnic-hall. ] 