Mount Moilac was the scene of a confla gration that will be remembered for some time. It was a road board day, and during the sitting the alarm was given that the whole Mount was on fine. The board at once ad journed, and each member sallied forth armed with a sack, the bough of a tree, or whatever came first to hand, and prevented the fire crossing the Mill-raw, in which oase a large quantity of easily oom bus tibia property would have fallen a prey to the flames. In front, on top of the Mount, a portion of Mr. Tindale'e vineyard was on fire, but the vines, from the moisture in them, offered a check to the flames, which were spreading over a field of long grass, and here and there por tions of the vineyard fence might be eeen burning, Below the vineyard, at the foot of cvkably doomed to destruction. Just as the fire approached the homestead, however, the wind suddenly veered round, and with the , leaving the homestead uninjured. On tt oame, ending >and crackling through the long stubble, towards the Mill-road, igniting a luge stack or strew, and coming right up to .the' woodwork of the small chapel used by the Bible Christians. From ten to twenty man here worked energetically to best tire .fire dowi _own,snd the chapel was saved. Io the mean time the fiie was rapidly rolling onward to 'the right, in the direction of the Barrebools. 'the whole of this, and nearly the entire homestead, were consumed in lees time than it takes to jwriie.it. .Mulligan's, isrm boild iugi foil next,,the house escaping almost by hvtnufls. On It went till it reached the hol low In tbe Mlll road, where Reuben Clarke's -bunas eras situated. There wag no time to remove ^angt^lug; the_dry weatherboards Seemed to uqk tip (he Samba tUl the whole Wkl In a minute or two. th a Make. Far away to the tight, as -how and then the wind par- - liilly cfaamd thfi atmoenhera voC the dsnie dmnks,podie^inrM fire weredistinctly visible, at cfbhrnUigbuUdlugspr stack*.' A splitter saw at soma distanoe bis hut, in Which he • had left bis wifo and child, in flames, and he took the first home he could get, and rods to !tbem through foe and smoke, so fierce pud1 sbfibuamgat times that it was dangerous to approach it. Thn damage dons Is far greater than can at present be eaUmated. for It was paly from what oould be distmctiy seen from fc distanoe that out amount is penned, 'and thefire appeared to be spreading with oonst derahJerapldl ty.. ≈>eare that onSatur day afltnwas Had] . _ . , „ the llonnt, and it Is probable, therefore, that the disastrous conflagration was owing to the! embers then left smouldering. A bush-fire was. bumin|^at^nlght in the Beljerine dii lilct, the reflectionof it being vfeiblein the Idf. A lite was also seen nomas the bay, In tbe direction Of the Little Blver. Websve winoe heard that it extended oter netrwsl ' square mites of, gram land, and was ap' i iffoadifng the farms, being within ball a mite of the railway station. , 