THE TWO QUESTIONS. After all the rhodomontade whioh haa been uttered on the questions of ' unlocked' lands for fanners and unUxed goods for traders, it ia refreshing to see something like a return to reason and common sense. The ' midsummer madness' of our contemporary is now wearing itself out. Lucid intervals have already set in, and though there are occasional hallucina tions in which lie fondly believes that -: deferred paVmeuts' are really the law of the land ; that the Custom-House, like the Baa tile, has been torn dawn ; and that the Register and Observer have been burned at the stake for having destroyed the farmers' crops with black rust and blight j yet there u an evident return to better health and sounder judgireut. A few plain words we think will satisfy our readers of thi?, in suite of all the efforts which may be made to convince them that the advo cates of a new laud system and a new fiscal system have gained a viatory. Ou the first of these matters the qucntion ia, did or did not 'the friends of the farmer ask for 'deferred payment*,' 'leased agricultural land*,' and 'easy terms?' These were undoubtedly what iue puouc was sbiu 10 oe in want 01 wueu we called for an explanation of the cry ' unlock the lands.' But we showed tkat the public did not want them, that the cry wm a sense* less one, and that if it were embodied in a law the pei son who would derive advantage from it would be the capitalist and not the farmsr. No one can deny that this was the ground wo took, and that at the same time we pointed out how an improvement in the woiking of tho present law would give the farmer all that be wanted much better than any alteration in tho W itself. Well, alter con testing these points for tha last mouth, what i* the final reply which is now maJe? It ia this. We admit that deferral payments aro un necessary — we agree that agricultural leajoi would be a mistake, and we are fully satisfied that ' easy terms ' are out of the question ; yet, you see, these are all minor mutters— trifling details ; and it is still a' fact that the lands are ' locked,' because the survey oiicers do not move about quickly enough. The Advertiser therefore was right in the ' great c:y ' of unlock the lands, and you were wrong. 2fow, was there ever 90 small a mouse born of so huge a mountain as this ! After all the labouring and all the bellowing the magnificent result ia tliis — that three more surveyors are wanted iu the Land Office. Tremendous dis covery ! Let these three good men and true be appointed, and they shall go forth and unlock the lands; farmiug shall 'become general' in South Australia, and the agri culturist shall bo placed is ' as good a position as the equatter.' The public ought to be thankful that so great a reform can be effected by such small means. If this is unlocking the Ltnd;, thero can be certainly no objection to it. The plan is one which we have constantly urged upou tho Government. It is our own suggestion, and the propounders of great schemes iu now seizing upon this one useful idea after the explosion of all their absurdities, are simply making a noise with stolen thunder. The second matter— the question of taxation — is now to be abandoned equally witli the land question. It is said— 'As the Customs duties cannot be spared, we must sub mit to their continuance.' Very true. Tliu is highly philosophical aad magnanimous. Some agitators might have taken up arms — have rcbrd the cry of 'representation without taxation,' uud hare renewed in South Aus tralia those glorious struggles against tyranny in which Duffy, Cuffy, and Muffy once distinguished themselves. Let us be thankful, then, that the Cuatom-Houae is to be tolerated, notwith standing that its abolition was on the political programme of the year. The leading econo mist in the ' party of reaction,' as our con temporary styled himself and his friends a short time ago, really admits that a revenue is necessary ; and from this recognition of a grand truth who knows what good may result ! It may even come tc be admitted that the ad valorem duties are not so great an evil aa very high duties on a few articles would be. At all events nobody will be misled to decry those duties on the ground that 5 per cent, on foreign imports operate* as a protection to native manufactures. Such a.homo30pathio doie of protection as that can neither benefit the most hungry producer nor injure the most sensitive consumer. However, since the Cuslom-Howe is to be graciously retained—because we suppose the public stomach would rebel against such strong physic as a poll tax and an income tax— we doubt whether even the trading classes will now ask for the removal of the ad valorem duties. The country districts are strongly opposed to such a change, and in town the great objection to these duties has been, not that they are unjust, but Hut they are incon veuieHt, inasmuch as there are no such duties in the neighbouring colony of Victoria. We admitted at the time they were imposeJ, and we admit now, that there has been some ground for this objection, though the trade of the colony —as remarked by Mr. Colton at the Noarlunga meeting— has not suffered in the way that was anticipated. But whatever may have been the force of this objection hitherto, it dwindles to nothing now that the Victorians are about to adopt a tariff in which general imports «re taxed at a much higher rate than 5 per cent. If this tariff should become Is w— and it is likely to do 80, though some of the items may modified — there will be an end to all complaint iu thii colony as to the loss of trade on the Murray or in the South-Eastern District, for the balance of advantage will be liable to be turned in our favour instead of against us. The two great questions, then, — the one for the country and the other for the town — have come to nothing. The double part of former'* friend and trader's frieud has not been badly acted, but the times have been unpropitioui. With wheat at eight or nine shillings a bushel the agriculturist is not easily moved to indig nation, especially when the grievance put before him is that there is no system of deferred pay ments for a capitalist who wants to buy 20,000 acres of land, in order that he may sell it or let it at his own price to small farmers— a very naive admission tni'j ! Then, as to the fiscal question,' it is mest unlucky for the abolitionists that the only argument which they had far a change of system is becoming neutralized by the action of the Victorians* Danot these things 9bow the 'party? of reac tion' that theFatcs are opposed to them, that the stars are fighting against them, and that it is their de9tinv to be beaten ? Thev com menced with a demand for the abolition of the Custom-Souse and the adoption of a new land fjstem; yet they already give up the one beenuse a 'revenue u necessary,' and in lieu of tlie other they are satisfied with a little increased activity in the Survey Department. The Dissolution and the Elections.— We understand that it is intended to dissolve the Par liament without further prorogation, and that the proclamation declaring such dissolution will appear in next Thursday's Gazette. The.writs for the House of Assembly will probably be issued on the following day, and those for the Legislative Council about February 3 or 4. Election Meetings.— The following meetings of the electors are advertised to take place during the present week:— This evening. at filomberg, Yankalilla, Tantinda. and Norwood; to-morrow evening at Houghton; on Wednesday evening at Macclesfieli Port Gawler, and Mount Barker; on Thursday evening at Gurneracha ; and on Saturday evening at Kanmantoo. District of Babossa.— Oa Saturday evening, a preliminary election meeting was held in Gawler Town— the Mayor in the chair. Messrs. Dumeld anil Williama mamHara fn** tha fliatri/ii: wpra in attendance, but deferred making statements in extemo, in consequence of the short notice they had received to attend the meeting. Mr. James Martin, as an intending candidate, addressed the meeting at considerable length, and was most favourably received. Mr. Dumeld and Mr. Martin answered several important questions. Votes of thanks were given to Messrs. Dumeld and Wil*- liams. The latter getleman made aJong speech in reply. It was proposed and carried that Me. Dumeld was a fit and proper person to represent the district. A similar vote was carried in favour of Mr. James Martin. The Light Elections.— From the Kapunda Herald ve perceive that Messrs. Shannon and Victor have absolutely declined coming forward as candidates for the representation of Light. Mr. 'James Fawsett, of Shenook Log, is now in the field for that district. The Comet.— On Saturday evening the new comet was visible m Adelaide till about half-past 8 o'clock, when a bank of intervening clouds hid it from sight Snnday evening the atmosphere was almost cloudless, and consequently the nucleus was visible till its near approach to the horizon at abeut half-past 9 o'clock jjaimi uiiia. — j-jr me arrival ui me uoorong our files are extended to the following dates:— Melbourne, January 18; Sydney, January 12; Brisbane, January 5; Hobart Town, January 12; Launceston, January 14; Auckland, January 3; Nelson, December 31; and Wellington, December 23. Local Coobt.— The case of Jackson v. Cottrejl in the Adelaide Local Court, adjourned till Satur day morning, was not brought on, the plaintiff having removed the proceedings into the Supreme Court. Adelaide Police CorjRTi— On Saturday G. Luruley, charged with stealing a cash-box from the bar at the Black Swan, was committed for trial at the Supreme Court. The charge against Alice Ann Murphy of stealing a silver watch and guard, the property of John Smith, was dismissed. The Canidbohe.— This lentertainment is an nounced for nest week nightly, and a day perfor mance on Saturday next on the old ground near the Freemasons' Tavern. Saturday Evening's Concert.— The fourth, concert given in White's Kooms by Madame Carandini and her talented aides took place on Saturday evening. There was a fair attendance, and tbe performances were as brilliant as ever. 'Auld ltobin Gray,' 'The Queen's Letter,' and 'The Last Kose of Summer.' under the fascinating influence of Madame Carandini's voice, developed beauties which it is beyond the power of any ordinary singer or songstress to give ex* pression to. In fact, every effort of that mistress of melody during tlie evening tended to give the audience elevated notions of her distinguished ability. M r. Farquarson. who on each occasion of his appearauce accompanied himself on the piano— an instrument over which he evidently possesses complete control- called forth no less admiration. His buffo song, 'Lo! the Factotum,' was received with prolonged plaudits. His descriptive1 scena, 'The Maniac,' by Henry Kussell, was rendered with great tragic effect, and excited the breathless interest of the audience. At its cJose he was recalled upon the platform and received with a storm of applause. He stated that the piece was too exhausting to repeit, and then favoured the company by giving with exquisite liumour, 'The Little Fat Grey Man.' Mr. Sherwin sang 'The Moon is on the Lake' admirably, and was vociferously encored. In two or three comic duets in which he was as sociated with Madame Carandini, he appeared to equal advantage. AlLss Chalker had a variety of pieces assigned to her, and her general-execution elicited demonstrative tokens of approbation. The ballad 'Litt.'e Nell,' she gave with much sweet ness and feeling, and very cleverly she sustained her part in the duet of ' The Cousins.' Altogether the success of the performers was marked, and we can best close this notice by repeating our recom mendation that all should take an early oppor tunity of attending the entertainment. ilEEiiSG op Winegrowers.— Mr. W. H Bains writes to say that his estimate of the results ; of the. vintage of 1S05 was 18.000 hogsheads, not \- 1,800 as priuted. Unlawful Entry.— About 8 o'clock on Sunday morning a policeman found the padlock of Mr. S. Bakewell's store, Peel-street, a short distance from the door. The bolt and staple were tied with a piece of leather. Mr. Bakewell was sent for; an unlawful visitor but that a wine bottle had been slightly displaced. Bursting a Blood-Vessel— A young man, son of Mr. Uren, bootmaker, Bundle- street, had the misfortune to break a blood-vessel, outside of Mr. Wetdt's shop, on the evening of Saturday, the 21st instant. He bled profusely, and was conveyed in a cab to Dr. Bayer's, who attended him. He is still very weak, but better than he was on Saturday evening. The Manchester Unity Picnic— We under stand that, although all the accounts have not been closed, there is little doubt of the Committee of the Oddfellows' picnic being in a position- to that the management of the picnic was entrusted this year to men who knew how to get up an hand over to the Widow aud Orphan Fund a profit balance of upwards of JE70. Such a result show» interesting gala, to make it pay its own expenses, and contribute handsomely to an important object of the Order. The Night Alabm.— We trust that the gallant members of .the Volunteer Military Force who responded with such praiseworthy alacrity to the night-signals on Friday evening, will feel that our omission to state that they gave three cheers for the Governor-in-Chief was inadvertent. When liem tenant-Coloruel Mayo called for three cheers for Sir Dominick Daly they were given in a style that might be taken, not only as [expressive of respect for His Excellency, but also as a hearty acceptance of the vice regal views of subordination recently promulgated by Sir Dominick in his reply to a deputation interested in the Northern Territory. Coroner's Inquest.— On Saturday morning, January 21, Dr. Woodforie. the Coroner, held an inquest at Mr. B. Hicks's Lodge, Mitcham. to enquire into the circumstances attending the late fire on Messrs. Hicks and Stirling's property. Mr. J%Calf was elected Foreman of the Jury, who proceeded to the scene of the late conflagration; and on their return. Thomas McNamara, late coachman to Mr. Stirling, said he was in Adelaide when the fire broke out. There was a pathway leading from Mr. Hicks's Lodge to where the fire appeared to have commenced. He had frequently used the path, but had not done so for a week previous to the tire, and he had not seen any one else go there. The fence 'which was burnt divided Messrs. Hicks and Stirling's property. In answeer to a Juror, he said he never carried lucifer matches about with him. Seth Fisher, labourer, hi Mr. Hicks's employ, said on Tuesday last he was at work nearly the length of a section from where the fire broke out in a straight line with the fence. At about half-past 1 o'clock he saw a small curl of smoke. He imme diately called George Harrison, and they ran to where the fire was, and made a gap in the fence to prevent it spreading. There were a good many sheep, and they appeared to be running straight from where the fire commenced. He saw no per son running away from the fence. The wind was blowing straight up the fence towards where he was working. He had no idea as to the origin of the fire. George Harrison corroborated the previous witness's evidence. He considered that the fire must have beeu caused through a sheep having trod on a lucifer match. Robert Fiulayson, farmer, near Mitch am, and William Brennan. gardener, gave evidence corroborative *of that of previous witnesses. Eichard Hicks said the path from the lodge to the fence was opened with his per mission, and was used by Mr. Stirling's coachman. The Coroner remarked that 19 out of 20 of the bush fires occurred on very hot days, for if the place was ever so dry and.it was a cool day no fire would occur. A person remarked that there were Eeveral broken glass bottles lyin? about which might have ? caused the fire. The Coroner said tliat since he had filled the office of Coroner he had made a great many experiments with glass, placing it in every conceivable position under a burning sun, and had even tried it on gunpowder, but had never succeeded in causing ignition; but as long as they had lacifer matches for a penny per box, and there were no restrictions placed on the sale of such dangerous articles, they would have bush fires. The Jury, without hesitation, returned a verdict that there was no evidence »to prove the origin of thefire. v * 