FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1865. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. Verdon Btated, in reply to Mr. Casey, that no deflnito reply had yet b3en received to his application to the homo Government for a block-ship for the harbour, but he bad been given to understand tbat the Admiralty were disposed to favourably consider the re- quest. Mr. M'CüLioon informed the House that, owing to the agitation which had arisen among a class of the community, and espe- cially in Melbourne, with reference to the tariff, the Government hud given au earnest consideration to the best means of averting the risk of jeopardizing a measure which passed the House by overwhelming ma- jorities ; ant! that, contrary to the or- dinary course on imposing fresh taxa- tion, they had resolved on including the ways and means in the Appropriation Bill, so that the Legislative Council would ba uu able to reject the tariff without rejecting the Appropriation Bill. In order to carry- out this plan as speedily as possible, ho asked the assistance of hon members in passing the Estimates, the consideration of which the Government intended to commence on Tues- day, and continue every evening after the dinner-hour. Mr. O'shanassy expressed his surprise at tbe statement of the Chief Secretary. He was at a Iobs to know what had occurred to justify any departure from the ordinary con- stitutional mode of dealing with such a ques- tion. The only ground of the Chief Secre I tory's appeal was, that persons out of doors had got up an agitation ; and on that ground, without eating to ascertain in tbe usual way the opinions of tho other branch of the Legislature on the question, the Government intended to endeavour to coerce that House into adopting their policy. He 6hould he unworthy of his place in the Legislature If he did not raise bis voice in disapprobation of such a course. Mr. Michie remarked that the statement of the Chief Secretary was simply an answer to a question put by the member for Kilmore on Tuesday evening. When the time carno for fully (JifcuEsing the qutstion, tho Govern- ment would no doubt be able to give suf- ficient reasons for the course which they re- commended. Mr. Levi contended than an alteration in the Customs laws could not he made without the Queen's assent ; and protested against the conntry being subjected to the inconvenience which roust necessarily attend the reserva- tion of the Appropriation Bill for Her Ma jest} 's pleasure. He characterised the action of the Government as unprecedented in a British dependency. Mr. HiarKDOTOAM suggested that the two bon. members who disapproved of the con- duct of the Government should table a formal motion on the tulyject Mr. Dane asserted that if the tariff were t«plied ou the Appropriation Bill, the Upper | House' would be diprived of the function of legltlatlng on the subject. He cmsidered that the Government wtjte introducing a sjRtem of coercion which was unnecessary. Mr. Kite said he would support tho Go- vernment in putting the tatiff before the Upper IIouFe iu such a shape as would pre- vent its r<jt ellon. Mr. Thomson insisted that the'eourso which the Government contemplated was unconsti- tutional, unfair, and undignified. Mr. Berry approved of the Government intentions, because he contddered it bettor to meet the Legislative Council difficulty at the outset. Mr. Moore maintained that the courso pro- posed was fraught with disaster to the legisla- tion of the country, and that it waa a cowardly mode of coercing the Upper House. He also urged that to pass votes for public works until they were sure of their ways and means would be a meie farce. Mr. M'Cdllooh expressed bia astonishmont at the discussion which had arisen, and the warmth which had been displayed. At the proper time the Government would be pre- pared to give reasons for the course which they proposed to take, and he believed those reatons would tatisfy tho House 'that the Government were adopting a proper and constitutional course - a course warranted by English precedent. It was the duty of the House to Eee that it h .id the management of the finances of the country. Mr. OAnPENTEn submitted that tho Upper House would be perfectly justified in re- jecting the Appropriation Bill if the tariff wero iLcluded in the measure. He objected to the Government taking action which would inevitably bring about a collision be- tween the two chambers. Mr. Houston suggested that the Govern- ment should tack the Land Bill, as re amended, to the Appropriation Bill. Mr. Levey referred to the conduct of the Government as indecent, and appealed to tho majority of the House not to tyrannize over the minority. Mr. Sullivan admitted that there might be doubts as to the expediency of the Go- vernment policy, but he denied that it was unconstitutional. Ho attributed the epithets which had been applied to that policy to mere poverty of intellect on the part of those who used them. Mr. Bindon said if he were a momber of the Legislative Council, and if the tariff wore one quarter as bad as it was represented to be, he should have courago enough to vote against it, even if the proceeding resulted in the loss of the Appropriation or any other bill. Mr. Harker said it was not fair to compel the Upper House either to accept the tariff or reject the Appropriation Bill. The next step would be to bring in a bill for retaining only one House. He was surprised at the action of the Government, particularly after the objection raised by the Chief Secretary to the payment of members motion-that the proptr mode of proceeding was by bill. Mr. Edwards thought the course recom- mended by the Government the surest pledge of their sincerity with regard to the tariff. Mr. Macmebson was at present of opinion that the Government conreo was unconsti- tutional; but ho was prepared to listen to any reasons which tbo Government might hereafter adduce to the contrary. After remarks from Mr. Greeves, Mr. G. V. Smith, Mr. Casey, and Mr. Ramsoy, the subject dropped. On the motion of Mr. Biddon a return was ordered of the approximate number and situ- ation of the several salt-producing lakes in the country. The consideration of the amendments made by the Legislative Council was com- pleted. Ihe bills for the consolidation of the laws reluting to police offences, registration of births, &c;, party processions, pawnbrokers» pounds, passengers and harbours, medical practitioiieis, police regulations, savings' banks, aliens, toits, theatics, hawkers, this- tle;, county courts, fences, hospitals, coroners, juries, patents, public moneys and audit, friendly societies cum mon law procedure, equity practice, bakeis and millers, religious tiustp, beamen, insolvency, and public health, were passed through committee. A motion by Mr. Francis, for tho omission of tbe claube in the Public Health Bill pro- hibiting the pollution of the Yarra was corned by twenty-two to nineteen Mr. Houston moved the appointment of a select committee to inquire into theoperation of the Electoral Act, particularly in reference to in egu lui i ties at the last election. After some discussion, the motion was ogreid to. The House rose at three rainuteä past twelve o'clock. It will bo necessary for the people to take care that the republic receives no detriment. There are solemn occasions in the lives of communities when that venerable formula of a watchful liberty comes with a significance as strong as when the first apostles of liberty gave it utterance. On such occasions the public interests are wont to justify a manifesta- tion of feeling co-ordinate with the cause of alarm. A conspirator like Catamite creates a civil war j the milder incivism of a Newport Chartist suspends Habeas corpus. In proportion to the gravity of the forces set in motion, so is the dis- turbance. As Mr. M'Culloch has sown, so must he reap. That he has !aid violent hands on the constitution is as certain as that he must be responsible for the consequences. We will not refer to the stupid, infatuated policy which provokes a defeat, arid by which he has been induced to defy the Upper House, even before be had made trial of its «'temper. Such tactics are of a piece with the blundering diplomacy that Las characterized his Cabinet throughout. But we do refer, witli all the gravity and apprehension which the circumstances excite, to the system of Parliamentary coercion with whick he threatens to destroy the functions of one chamber of the Legislature. We would notj exaggerate the danger or aggravate the popular feeling, but on no occasion since the rise of tbe constitution ha3 such an attempt been made on its in- tegrity. In the space of nine years from its promulgation, we have lived to hear a responsible Minister of the people in so many words declare that it is his deliberate intention to impose taxation on the people with- out the consent of the Council-without the consent, that is, of a section of the people's representatives. The Govern- ment have come to the determination, says this new dictator, of including the tariff in the bill of supply, and to take the vote in the usual way under the Appropriation Bill, and then cast the responsibility on the Legislative Council of throwing out the whole supply if they aro so disposed. This is the ultimatum, this is the de- claration of war ; and the challenge has been thrown down before it was ascertained what the feelings of the Council are, whether they are friendly or hostile to the new tariff. As Mr. O'shanassy put it, the Chief Secretary Las probably counted heads outside, and been terrified by the figures. That ingenuous individual, indeed, himself acknowledged that the great objection to sending the tariff to tho Upper House in the form of a bill was " because " the actions of that branch of the " Legislature bad been contrary to the " interests of the people." Such was the language that the Speaker allowed to pass unrebuked, and which should be re- probated by every thoughtful lover of peace. The best thing that the Upper House can do-the only course open to it-is to treat it with the disdain it merits, as the utterance rather of stupidity and ignorance than malignant insolence. As to what its conduct should be if tlie threat of intimida- tion is carried out, there cannot be a moment's hesitation. The Upper House will rotorb its revo- lutionary project upon the Lower, and throw upon it the responsibility of refusing the suppliesforthepublicservice. That this course is a constitutional one is as certain as that the attempt made upon its deliberative rights is uncon- stitutional. Mr. M'CuLLOcn and his law officers apparen ly support their act of tyrannical encroachment by a reference to Imperial practice. Let this be distinctly understood. Imperial practice affords them no single prece- dent. Great weight is laid upon the action taken by Mr. Gladstone in the case of the notorious paper duties. The House of Lords rejected the bill for the repeal of the paper duty when it was sent up to them, says the Chief Secretary, " and what was done : " it was tacked on to a measure which the " Lords had never thrown out, viz., " the Customs Bill." "We can very well understand that Mr. M'Culloch and Mr. Francis have had few oppor- tunities of completing their education in Parliamentary practice, but that men like Mr. Michie and Mr. Higinbotham should have abetted them in their igno- rance is surprising indeed. Any- body with a May at his elbow, and moderate sagacity, must see that there is no analogy whatever in the circum- stances referred to. In the first place, it might be pointed out that the Lords had an opportunity which the Council is denied, of deliberating on the measure they finally rejected. But to go further. It is one of the standing orders of the Lords, " That the annexing any clause " or clauses to a bill of aid or " supply, the matter of which is foreign " to and different from the said " bill of aid or supply, is unparlia " mentary, and tends to tho destruction " of the constitution of the Govern " ment." This is the rule of the Lords that is binding on the Commons in thoir practice of tacking, as the technical phrase goes. It is the rule which the Commons have never attempted to violate, and the violation of which is Mr. M'Culloch's immediate purpose. Supposing that Mr. M'Culloch is capable of distinguishing between a bill of supply and a bill of ways and means, he must see that Mr. Gladstone's bill was regularly tacked, and that his own will be irregularly tacked. The Paper Bill was incorporated with the Customs Bill, both relevant to each other, neither of them " foreign to or different from the " matter of the other." Both bills came under the denomination of ways and means, and fulfilled the conditions ex- pressed in the standing order of tho Lords. But what is M'Culloch ad- vised to do? To tack a bill of ways and means to a bill of supplj'. And all because he has counted heads, and finds constitutional action to be fatal to the tenure of his seat or the safety of his salary. So much for English precedent. But we may derive some little light yet nearer home. One clause in the Queen's instructions to Governor La Trobe ran as follows ; and as the Queen's assent to Mr. M'Culloch's amalgam may be required, it is worth notice : "Fourth. You arc, as much as possible, to observe, in the pasting of all laws, that each différent matter be provided for by a dif- ferent law, without intermixing in one und the same act such things as have no proper rela- tion to each other; and you are more espe- cially to take care that no clause or clauses bo inserted in or annexed to any act which shall be foreign to what the title of Buch act imports, and that no petpetual clause be pall of any hmporary law." The country will perhaps have the patience to await the discussion in which Mr. Higinbotham promises to vindicate the action of the Govern- ment ; but if Mr. M'Culloch is dealt with as he has dealt with . others, if it is meted out to him as he has meted out to others, if public opinion anticipates the decision of the Assembly as he has anticipated tho voice of the Council, he has only himself to blame. Mr. M'Culloch's Pailiamentary demeanour throughout this disgraceful controversy has not been such as to awaken conciliator} feelings or to merit indulgence. We would bo unwilling to push our right of censorship, and to follow a Minister of the Crown out of the sanctuary of his office ; but it is notorious that he has so far for- gotten Parliamentary practice as to make the political question a personal one. Meantime it will take something moro than Mr. Kyte's five and twenty years of experience in the colony to convince people that the Upper House is an ex- crescence on the constitution that might safely be amputated. The Upper House is as much a trustee of the public interests as the Lower, and its deliberative rights and privileges are co-extensive with those of the Lower. A great deal of impertinence has been talked on the strength of the Paper Duties Bill, but it is worth while to quote the words of the author of that bill in référence to the question of the comparative privileges of the two Chambers which it has raised. Says Mr. Gladstone, in his speech on the occasion : " By practice, a money bill does not origi- nate in the House of Lords, but there is no admission tbat a money bill caunot originate there. Just in the carne way, there is no ad- mission on the part of the House of Lords that a money bill cannot be amended there. Strange to say, soma great doctora of the constitution are reported to have stated on a recent occasion that it was a principle ad- mitted on all baud« that no money bill could bo amtndtd lu the House of Lords. Why, sir, on the contrary, not only is there nothing in flic i ules of the Hottso of Lords-so far, at least, as tho researches of the committeo have gone-to prevent such amendment, but it is actually tho fact that the cases of amending money bills lu the House of Lords are more frequent than tho3o in which such biUs have boen rejected by the House. The truth ie, I apprehend that, under cover of these broad, and, in themselves, perhapi untenable and extravagant doctrines of pri- vilege, tbe House of Commons formally claim- ing everything, nnd the House of Lords for- mally conceding nothing-under cover of that apparent conflict, there has baen a real, and, until the prêtent time, nn unbroken harmony for 200 year?. The secret of that harmony is, that both Houbos, by these claims, apparently so conflicting, have meant the same thing. The House of Common?, by its piivilcgeB with respect to money bills,) has meant to reservo to itself the Integrity of the taxing power, and the House of Lords, by declining to admit the claim of the Home of Commons, has intended to preserve to itself an iflcctlve means of preventing the House of CommonB from forcing vpon it other matters of general législation, under cover of money bills." And The Times, commenting on the situation, added this significant tes- timony : " This is not a question between the Government and the Houso of Commons alone, for the whole people aro concerned; and in this instance it cannot be denied that the interests of tho people and the opi- nion of the majority have been represented hy the House oí Lords. Admit the people, admit national interests, admit opinion into theT question, and the Lords come out in a new light, as the constitutional balance, the timely check, the remedy for a late discovered error." Somebody has written that the people most versed in ceremonies are not always the most well-behaved, that those who have the clearest notions of legality and illegality are not the most honest, that lawyers are not the most noted for probity, and that, if Swift is to be believed, courtiers are a very in- significant race of people, with the smallest tincture of good manners. On some such provoking principio of con- traries we must probably account for the recent ungallant attack on the rights of woman by that preux che- valier., the member for Warrnambool. A nation of chevaliers, Burke re- marked, cut oiF the head of one of the loveliest women that ever graced the earth, and Captain Dane would rob woman of her caput civile. Happily, Captain Dane did not add insult to injuiy by attempting to give any ieasons in support of his ill-breed- ing j but if we nipy take the debate that followed his motion as expressive of his own views of the case, he has said and done enough to provoke a second rebel- lion of the Angels. Why women should be deprived of the suffrage, or why they should be endowed with it, are questions which we decline the responsibility of answering ; but we protest on their be- half against the arbitrary way of solving the problem practised on Wednesday night. The matter is one of right, not of instinct or f eeling, and any action in favour of it or against it should be preceded by a careful investigation, and, at any rate, by the semblance of a serious discussion. After all, the con- troversy involves nothing more nor less than the enfranchisement of half the human race, and it is by no means to be settled by an appeal to custom or good taste. The novelty of the subject, the habits of gentle- women, may very well excuse the embarrassment which the House felt at its introduction, but the time'must come when the subject must be studied in all its bearings, and when it will be impossible to shirk it. Custom and pre- judice may be urged against it now, as it has been urged against the introduction of all the great socialinventions which dis- tinguish us from our ancestors, but the enfranchisement of womeu will at no very distant date claim a hearing as successfully as the enfranchisement of industry, the enfranchisement of con- science, or the enfranchisement of the press. Just as we no longer think of forbidding man-eating or fetishism, so at some future day it will be considered needless to pass penal laws upon one sec- tion of society. As yet there has been nothing pioved against the claims of the women of Victoria to prevent them from being heard on a future occasion. The present state of the electoral law can be only considered transitional at best, and as the Government have pledged them- selves to re- open the topic on a future occasion, we may reasonably look for something like rational discussion. The matter cannot be adjudicated upon on Mr. O'Shanabsy's teapot and baby theoiy. It is not enough to tell one half the human species that they have sufficient to occupy them with the cup- board and nursery, to deprive them of a natural if not apolitical right. In the days of the Mills and Martineatjs, it is idlo to plead their mental inferiority to the other half; and as for the physical argument, that they have not the muscular power of encountering the storms of state, before that can be ac- cepted it must be shown that there are no men whose constitution is physically infeiior to any woman's. The most interesting protest against the existing state of the law was undoubtedly Mr. Grant's. Mt. Géant would not be comforted because universal suffrage and popular liberty wero in danger of being stifled under a petticoat. In the first place, it would per- plex a mathematician to discover how that could be said to be universal which was confined to a moiety of the race. In the next place, it is not easy to believe that a revolution, which has for its object the demolition of the aristocracy of sex, could bo attended with peril to the principles of demo- cracy. It is impossible, in fact, by any appeals to the abstract theories of poli- tical science, to reconcile the exclusion of women from the common rights of citizenship. Political justice is all on their side. Taxation and representation are co-extensive ideas in the philosophy of the British constitution j and if a woman pays taxes, she has a registered claim anterior to mere sentiment to discharge the privileges of the taxpayer. We can understand, with Mr. Creswick, that the exercise of the right of the suf- frage is rather a pain than a pleasure to the women of Victoria ; but bow is Mr. Creswick, with all his knowledge of his propria fcmínei (/ourh, to say that the action of the Assembly in depriving them of that right is not more oti'ensive still 1 Aro political liberty and civil freedom the endowment of a special sex} Women vote at municipal elections why not at parliamentary? I3 ¡t ¡j greater strain upon their powers to elect a member of Parliament than a mayor! Is their judgment equal to one occasion and not to the other? Is a Graham Beeby too much for their constitu ti on ? Mr. Berby may talk as !)u pleases about, their enfranchisement being an unmitigated evil. He doubt less knows best what class of females surrounded the booths, and what class of males brought them to the ballot boxes, of Collingwood; but the fact remains-women voted, and Mr. BRititY is returned. And, indeed, it is the con- templation of such a fact that, l-'.í re. deems Mr. Berry's ungeneroiÉ/com ment upon their services. If anything could reconcile us to a vindictive mea- sure for their exclusion from the list of voters it would be the complaint of Mr Berry, that they had helped to put him' into Parliament. Tie clause in the Public'Health Laws Con- solidation Bill, which prohibits the pollution of the Yarra, was struck out, at tho instance of Mr. Francis, duiing the passage of d10 measure through coinmiOo of the Legisla tive Assembly last evening. The numbera on a division were twenty-two to nineteen. The Attorney- General and the Minister of Justice voted with the minority for the re- tention of tho clause. The other members of the Government voted with the majority, The trial of the action for libel, brought by Mr. George Urquhart, squatter, against the proprietors of Jhe Argus, was continued yesterday at the Supremo Court, before Mr. Justico Williams and a special jury of twelve, The examination of the defendants' witnesses was concluded, and several person? were called to establish a rebutting case on behilt of tho plaintiff. Sorao additional witness have yet to be examined for the plaintiff, bat it is expected that the case will bo finished to-day. The criminal business at the Bourke General Sessions for the month was disposed of yesterday; a few informations, including the Shenandoah cases, having been postponed, George Pickering and Robert Zelly, old con- victs, were sentenced to five years on the road for robbing a poor man of his little " pile " of £43. John Brackenbury, also in old offender and gaol-bird, was sentenced to five years impiisonment. A man named No- lan was charged on two counts-assault willi intent, and indecent assault, on an infant under seven years. Tho report illustrates the difficulty of convicting in such cases. The child's simple story, corroborated by other viifnefses, was clear enough, but the sci- entific evidence failed, the doctor hsWn? doubts. The brute, however, was convicted on the minor charge, and sentenced to im- ' prisontnent, with hard labour, for three years. The Court intimated an intention in fútate to award for such offences the full measure. of punishment prescribed ly law. Henry. Williamson pleaded "Guilty" to stealing and Cornelina O'Eegan "Not guilty" lo receiving, books from the Melbourne Public Library. Mr. Aspinall, for the defence, made very merry over a huge basket of books, in a comical appraisement of their value, in- tellectual and marketable, something after the fashionof the curate and the housekeeper before the conflagration of Don Quixote's books of chivalry. Williamson was sentenced to twelve months'imprisonment, in addition to one of Uko duration he is now undergoing for another Public Library robbery, and O'Eegan was acquitted. The crier, willi a blessing on Her Gracious Majesty tho Queen, then adjourned the aomt aine die; bat it mil meet to-day to hear appeals. The Indics'committee organized loi tho pur- pose of promoting a further search for the ra plorer Leichhardt aro now proceeding with thegoodwork. Their first meeting was held at the Mechanics' Institute yesterday, whin various preliminaries were satisfactory ar- ranged. The delegates consist of Jiu. Bromby, Mrs. Bunny, Mrs. Cutts. Mrs. Ra- wing, Mrs. Harker, Mrs. Hetherington, Ma Nordt, Mrs. Testar, Mr?. Tierney, and Jin Wilkie, who were present at the meeting, and Mrs. Fraser and Mrs. Cole, who wer« un avoidably absent. Two denominations Lava yet to elect their representative?. There miy bo difference of opinion as to the hopefnlneäi of the scheme, but there can be nono thal til ladies have but to enter heartily into tin cause to ensuie it the trial its promoters ¡} earnestly nlead for. We understand that Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday of Easter Week have te« selected «s the days on which tho exhibition of colonial gems and joweller's work «¡11 take place. The Royal Society's hall will bl the place of exhibition. A Bubcommlltwh« been appointed to make the necessary ar- rangements. Jf the scheme proposed by lb» Rev. Dr. Bleasdale is carried out in ita integ- rity, as we have no doubt it will be, "n exhibition will bo a great attraction and success. The contributions which wera not P1' chased nt the bazaar held last week, at St George's-hall, in aid of the Magdalen AtftaH will be disposed of by auction this ever* at eight o'clock. Thoy will be on vie» « three o'clock in the afternoon. Thotiustees of St. Philip's Church, on Cal lingwood Flat, acknowledge tho folio*«« donations ¡-Collected by Mm. Christoph Snowdon, £1 12s. Gd.; collected by H» Smith, £2 12s. Cd. ; collected by Miss Ja* son, £1 ! aluo Mr. and Mrs. Dickson, f (second) ; Mr. Leonard, Collins-street, 1» Mr. J. G. Pettet, £1 (second) ; Mr. Barley,«' Mr. J. Schutt, ¡C1, for first quarter. W trustées and committee will bo thankful » fuitber help, that they may bo am« open the church at or near Baster neil , At a meeting of the Gentlemen*C5»' mitteo of the Lying-in Hospital, hell rsl* day, at Mr. Sumner's office, Dr. ft*«* waa elected resident house-surceon «' ¡Lstitution. .... At the weekly meeting of thoCommUi« Management of the Benevolent Asyluo,» superintendent reported the state of the n to be as follows :-Men, 280 ; women, 9-;»» 372\. There were 0 applications fot mission ; all of these were refused for» of room. , ., ." Four of Mr. Gill's Australian staley before us. The incidents depicted are drays" on the way to the sliippinP "Prospecting," n "Squatter's tig«' boy gleefully galloping a couple of Mr fullspeed-and a "Bushmans har. > email party of blackfellows "f»**"T,, the owner of the but. T*eM *eteW drawn with spirit and ficr<<yi ° The series promises, when c°mPlfctc";' an excellent volume foi the draw«J table, and for presents to friend» at M The ship Eli Whitney, the nan« <*"? bos so often appeared of late in therepj| the Supreme Court, has been soM w J for £700, foi the purpose, wo bene«, ? Irokm up for firewood. ,((J1 It was lately stated that another »«? was likely to bo mad« to recov.-r the cargo of the wrecked ship Schomberg. Two gentle- men fiom Melbourne recently visited tho wieck in a whaleboat, and it is stated that (heir report will bo unfavourable to the re- newal of the effort. The ui-ual monthly meeting of the Third Union Benefit Building and Investment So- ciety «as held last evening, at the offices, 82 Collini-streeteast, and the ordinary business having been disposed of, a special meeting .was fowled for the election of auditors and tho confideration of a proposed altération of the rules. The object of the proposed altera- tion was to empower the committee t > ad -ynnre money upon the security of memb?r.V terip up at present upon freehold and leasehold proptrty, it being cinsidored that the share? had now attained suuh value as to render such a measure safe and expedient. The pro .noral was nnanimom-ly agreed to. The auditi'is appointed were Messrs. Thos.Stodart -nr) W. Boyd. \p "íutridgu sports carne off on the villago Trartv« yesterday, and the dny bein? all that could bo wished the attendance of visito« waB large. The shooting In Match No, 1, the Sumner Cup Match, was commenced at six o'clock in tho morning. An unfortunate bitch occurred which miy possibly alter the pofitiona and names of Rêverai winners, and consequently Colonel Champ paraded tho company, and, briefly relating the facb, stated that the prerenUtion of prizes would not tako place until the committee had had a fall opportunity of ascertaining what wa? irnlly meant by the words " appear in uni- form." It should be stated that several volunteers- one of whom tied tho highest scorer-shot without their sword and belt, nnd were protested against as not "in uni- form." The commltteesustained the objection, but Mich general sympathy was expressed for Mr. Kernan (the volunteer referred to) that the committee again oponed the question, and left it unsettled. As decided at first by the com- mittee, the following is tho list of winnora : Match 1.-200 yards-Dobbyn, Foster, Kelly ; 400 yards-F. W. Buz «gio, G. Buzaglo, Foster; COO yards-Flanagan, Foster, Mul- vaney. Best total at the three ranges-1. Sumner Cup, to Foster; 2. The Colonel's Cuo, Kelly; 3. Mr. Staley'« Cup, Flanagan; 4. Coffey; 5. F. W. Buziglo; 0. Dobbyn : 7. Tighe. In tho All-Comers, at 200 yards, tho pr'zes were awarded to Gilmore, Hamilton, Bairipford. and A. K. Miller. In the Derby, nt 300 yards, Flanagan, RainBford, Love, Hnmiltoi), and West wer.i tho winners. A parade order race, a hurdle race, and other athhtic Fports concluded the day's amuse- ments. The brass bind of the corps was in attendance nearly nil day. The following ara the auditors and ni eepsnrs of the borough of Footscray for the ensuing year ¡-Auditors, Mr. W. Austin and Mr. J. Blair. Assessors, Mr. Rlddan and Mr. D. Murray. A viirancy has occurred in St Kilda Borough Council, Mr. Dyer, who lately bift the colony on a visit to Europo.having resignod his seat. Mr. Peterson, who lately contested tbo dis- trict for a seat in Parliament, has offered himpelf, and it is probable thathi3 returo -will be unopposed. Twenty-five persons were summoned to tho Hotham Police Court yesterday for allowin? the Yan Yean water on their premisas to run to waste, and in moat esses a fine was in- flicted. Several persons wero also fined for removing sand and timber from Crown lands' John White, who bad beon arrested somn weeks ago for lunacy, was now discharged, na he hnd recovered. Edward Warren wa? fined 20s. for using obsenne language, the fino to be reduced to Is. if he left the locality within a week. Thomas Patterson, who had gone to Daylesford, leaving his wife and childrun without means, wai ordered to pay 20a. per week for their support. Franchi Spring, who had been ordered to pay 10a. per week for the maintenance of his wife, was summoned for disobeying the order. Tit was now ordered to pay np the arrears, and enter into sureties. ThomiiR Smith, alias James Giorgp, wai re- manded for a week on a charge of stealing a coat. There were a nnmber of small case» dis poFcd of at the Fitzroy Police Court yester- day. Ellen Gibson and Mary Ann Reilly weTe charged with stealing some tweed goods from before the shop door of a draper named Melen, in Brunswick- street. They wero de- tected in the act of removing the articles, ond at once givrn into custody. The first named prisoner was sentenced to two months' imprisonment, with hard labour ; and tho other to three months', with hard labour. Tl]omas Smith was charged with stealing a pair of trousers from a house in Granite ferrace. It apppnred that about five o'clock in the morning Constablo Conways noticed the prhoner apparently prowling about the bnck doors of the houses in Granite-terrace. The constable watched him for some time, and nt last detected bim in what be con- ceived to be the act of removing something from one of tho houBes. On approaching tho prisoner tbo latter threw a small bundle over a railing and endeavoured to get away. The constablo apprehended him ; and on search- ing for what ho had seen prisoner throw away he found tho trousers produced in court, and which had been identified as bs longing to a gentleman living in the houso feloniously visited by the prisoner. The latter was sent to gaol for a month with hard labour. The magistrates complimented Constable Conways for his behaviour in the affair. The other cases disposed of wore of quite a trifling character. The magistrates were Messrs. Fawkner, Thomas, 'and Dono- van. At the Sandridge Police Court yesterday a seaman named James Miller, of the ship Nimrod, was charged with insubordination, and sent to the hulks for four week3. John M'Culloch and William Mann wero fined 10s. und costs for injuring a boat belonging to Thomas Riley. In a case in which Michael Allison summoned Andrea Lngo giauuia for illegal detention of property, the defendant was ordered to restore the pro- perty, and poy the costs of the proceed- ings. The proceedings of the Emorald-hill Bo lough Council are usually conducted with a gravo attention to routine, and nro charac- terized by all tho pertinacity and prolixity of ?debate peculiar to a legislative assembly, and are, moreover, notorious for being protroctod on all occasions until an inordiuntely late hour. The ordinary meeting last night, how- ever, was a notable exception to this rule, the whole of the business having been dis- posed of with commendable celerity iu the brief Bpace of one hour and seven minutos a circumstance almost unprecedented in the annalB of tho " model municipality." George M'Gubbin has been committed by the magistrates of Kyneton for trial at the General Sessions, on a charge of highway robbery, committed on Mr. O. G. Armstrong, of Woodend. We leam from our Geelong correspondent that the public meeting called in that town last night, in favour of the Ministerial tariff, was pretty well attended. The mayor occu- pied the chair. Tho meeting was convened forhalf- past seven, but business did not com- mence until after eight. Mr. J. G. Carr was addressing the meeting on tho first reso- lution when the train was despatched. The annual dinner of tho Geelong vine growers was held at tho Prince of Wales Hottl, in Geelong, ou Wednesday ovening last, Mr. Alexander M'ICenzio occupying the chair, and Mr. John Ilednch the vic-chair. The attendance was not equal to expectation, ibero being only about forty gontlomen pre- sent, but among these were the ptinoipal vignerons of the district. Some of the wines supplied were of excellent quality. A severe accident has befallen a solicitor of Dajlesford. The Mercury reports the occur- rence as follows :-" Mr. WCormick, on Sun- day, while driving from Malmsbury, along the level road, observed that the broeohing of tho harness galled his mare, and he accord- ingly removed it. This did not much matter while the road continued lovel ; but ho neg- lected to replace It on approaching the hill near the Gtrman store, the consequence being that the maie bolted with the bugçy, which was presently smashed by collision with a fallen tiee, Mr. M'Cormick and a female com- panion being jerked by the force of the con cufcBlon to a considerable distance. Tho young lady sustained little personal injury, bat Mr. M'Cormick was wounded in a most ex- traordinary manner. A piece of stick about the size of a man's little finger had buried itself in the flesh of the chin- the two ends being visible ; two other pieces, each about three inches long, had got in between the bones of the left arm, and another piece had pierced through tho fleshy pirt of the right bond ; no bones were broken, and It is stiange that Mr. M'Cormick escaped thus whole when he was thrown with suoh ex trime violence as to cause the penetration of the pieces of wood as described." 1 he Sydney Herald reports that tho first casting had beon accomplished at the Fitzroy Ironworks. It was a cylinder, weighing neatly two and a half ton', for one of tho piirs of Gundagai bridge. The following par- ticulars are given by telegram of a recent encounter between the polico and Hall's gang :-" A pirty of polico from the Goulburn station, in company with Mr.Huthwaite, J.P., wbo had been following Ben Hall's gang from place to place known as their haunts, finally, at about nino o'clock ou Thursday evening, reached Lodge'B Inn, near the second Breadal- bane PlainB-the landlord being at the time in Goulburn, charged with being an accom- plice of tbe bushrangers. The persons at the inn, about twenty six in number, including several well known bush telegraphs, were de- ' taincd ; and, upon what waB subsequently learned, the police determined to rush a place in the neighbourhood, known as Burns's, and arrangements wero made accordingly. Two constables wero left with the horses, and Mr. nuthwaite and five of tho police sur- rounded the house and barn, the two build- ings being fifty yards apart. Two policemen got to tho barn door, which was open. Detoo tive Pye, in advancing some few paces, cau- tiously looked in, and three shots were instantly fired at him. He and Troopar Wiles stood at the opening and fired: the flashes enabling them to seo four men. When the firing was heard, Mr. Hutliwaite and the police with him at tho house rushed up; the bushrangers at that time making their escape through an opening over the slabs at the end of the barn not known to the polico. When the offenders got out they dispersed. It being then dark, they were soon lost sight of, a field of maize and log fences facilitating their concealment. The police kept firing as long as they could see the bush- rangers ; and the horses being brought up, some of the men mounted and made search in every direction. Mr. Hutliwaite, with the police, is still in search. Hall and Dunn are supposed to have been wounded. Trooper Wiles was shot through the log and hand almost at the commencement. A vehicle has been sent out to bring him to Goulburn. Aflioctor has also gone out. The police re- covered, in a small yard adjoining, two saddles, a double-barrelled gun, and a poncho Bums, his wife, and two sons, wore taken into custody, and will be prosecuted for har- bouring the offonders. Burns was in bed, drunk, and resisted the police." The second performance of Mr. George Tolhurst's sacred oratorio, "Ruth," took place last evening, at the town-hall, Prahran. The performance was ably supported, and passed off very smoothly and successfully. Amongst the principal performers were Miss S. Mortley, Mrs. Fox, Miss M. A. Liddle, Mr. E. Exon, and Mr. S. Angus ; Mr. J. Russell officiating as conductor. The oratorio was most favourably received, and its effect was evidently improved by the large additions that have been made since its first produc- tion. The attendance was not so numerous as could have boen desired. The return cricket match between the Gen- tlemen and Players will take place on the Melbourne Giound on Saturday (to-morrow), und on the 11th instant. The teams will be as follow :-Gentlemen - Messrs. Cameron, Conway, Gibson, Kelly, Mortimer, M'Donald, Tait, Simms, Wardill, B. Wardill.and Wills. Players- Caffyn, Cosstick, Greaves, Hewitt, Bryant, Huddlestone, Marshall, Boom, Chand- ler, DunkinBon, and Rowley. Those Bides are considered to be very evenly matched, and a close and exciting game is anticipated. In order to defray the expense of thisinatch a charge of Gd, will be made at the gate«. From Adelaide we have our files to the 28lb ult. by the Aldinga, which arrived last night after a rapid run round. Tho journals contain no news which has not been antici- pated by telegram. We notice that the ex- port of opples to Madras has been com- menced. It is reported that gold has beon fouud in the Barrier Rouges, north-westward of Me- rindie. Public meetings are about to ha held in Kyneton and Chewton, to devise measures for the relief of the sufferers by the bush-fires of Monday last. We have our files from Sydney to the 28th ult., by the Wonga Wongo, which reached Hobcon'a Bay shortly after midnight. It surely is time for the Treasurer to reconsider his ways, when we find tbe Herald com- mencing an article on the new tariff in the following terms:-"If wo could permit our- selves to njoice at the disasters of another colony, or believe that the misfortunes of a neighbour could be beneficial to ourselves, we might bo glad at the commercial eclipso which our Victorian fellow-countrymen are perhaps doomed to endure. It cannot bo, indeed, affirmed that the Secretaiy for Fi- nance hnB dcparted.from his professions, for If wo refer to these as they were delivered some months ago, they contain substin tially his tariff. All that is pecali.tr in his case seems to bo that his per- formance is equal to his promises, and that, having adopted opinions which no ono thought it possible ho could hold, he has shown their reality by eudeavourinp; to em- body them in legislation. There will, how- ever, be this incidental benefit, should the tariff as accepted by the Assembly finally become law. We have lost much by the mistakes of our own finance. Those errors have been fully and openly recanted. Wo havo gained tho great advantage of settling for a long time to come the principles of our commercial legislation. No man will havo the power, at least until a ntiw paroxysm of folly shall Bbake our community, to imposa the exploded doctrines of protection." The Wizard Jocob3, ministering to tho un- ceasing demand for novelties, has made nomo attractive changea iu üíb varied and palatable bill of fare at the Theatre Royal. His re- pertoire is apparently as inexhaustible as his magical bottle. Mr. OTSToil made another fresh appearance and success at the Haymarket Theatre last night, in " Rory O'More," a personation mnrked by the genuine nature which cover? the art with which hu dellvors his points. This is the moro noticeable in a character which is a stereotype, and, like tho drama, conventional. Feeling expression was given to the sweet Irish ballad "Wilt thou bo my bride, Kathleen." In no line of character is that popular actress Mrs. A. Phillips bettor than in Irish women of the rollicking class. Her triumph in Judy O'Trot-a real bit of feminine humour and fine feeling-was well supplemented last night by Betty. Tho other persons of the drama are decidedly conven- tional, and had a respectable conventionality of treatment. 