SANDHURST. (from our own correspondent.) TnuRSDAY Evening, Marou 2. The rain which appeared ready to fall at the date of my last communication still holds off, and the want of it is severely felt in all branches of business. Most of the reefs have stopped working, and those who havo raised quartz are unable to get it crushed. The long-continued drought has, howovor, had the effect of exciting renewed attention to tho Coliban wator scheme, and a publio meeting is to bo hold in the town-hall to-night, for which resolutions have been pre- pared, affirming it to bo tbo bounden duty of the Government to take action in tho matter at once, and for appointing a committeo to co-operate with other districts towards tho common object. No allusion is made to tho merits of any particular schemo. Bush-fires are Btill more or hss provalent. A very extensivo ono was observed last night in the direction of the Big-hill, and others of lesser magnitude wero seen in various quarters. LaRt evening a public meeting was held nt the Bridge Hotel, Echuca, at which several addresses wore delivered, all in udvocacy of tho removal of the border duties. About fifty influential persons wero present, and losoIntionB in favour of tho proposed coumo were carried unanimously. It was also uiged that the Government of this colony should adopt a system of establishing bonded ware- houses at tho various points on the river wherosuch establishments might appear to be absolutely necessary. Mr. Homan was yoäterday elected mayor of Echuca. Tho shara matket partakes once more of the prevailing dulness, and there aro fow transactions of importance to note. Some good parcels of South Hustler Extondad havo however, been placed at 7s., and more are wanted. The company to day struck some freBh Rtono, showing somo vory uico gold. Star are at 6.?. 3d.; Hustlor have chaugud hands at 22s. 3d. ; for Comet I have heard of lona fide offers at 15s., but sellers are holding for lös. 3d. Nelson may be quoted atllB. 9J. to 12a.,and are being held for higher rates. Offurs have been made for United Catherine at 12s. 3d., sellers wanting 12s. 9J. Great Britain havo been inquired for, and 1Û3. offored. Bird's Reef are still at high premiums, as much as £1,500 having been offered to day for three original shares, which had been dis- posed of, I believe, somo weeks ago for £40. The show of cattle at the yards to-day was not of a superior order, eicher ob to quality or quantity; but good prices wero obtained. 