^ ' BT ,/,r BŁAOŁ. wnvn»v SLU.MJA.*. ! , i ; wed tbronebont the TITR wttó w* TOJTE «»« Tcwsday. Toe few T J ^ E:-itd eaoal destruction tńrooęboui *tittereiit| nru ef tbe colony to that tbev have fitme in • £<sśSkt It is as Twiayniife to grre any ~int rr~—rf the low snstained, cr of I P p "' Ł * who . ^ bare -_. beec Ł.— boratoot, Knmt nt. a* u no accurate aexurate Uiose wdc j»»e —t (ccooat CU! r« be ^wned f' ^ tissaHr faewHtę « difieient pteees^t Date ; Ues d«royed. In addition to tbose Bra- < tieoed in car iait istot, we ' bmf race leaxn " tbit tbafann of Mr Gtaot, Carisrohe, haa been ccsptodf derastued. At Tyldeo MrRemm^a ivm,« wbicb «» between 4,000 « 3,000 botbdc of gram, cm* cospłetehr tmtnt down, the fares of Measra Bitbard memmf*, W. PickeciBg, George Wataon, Jewes, Aduaw U-Cbck«y,<Soek,fio^fiai«r,JMd Sooo, were also bemtnp, the fice eppeanog to have crip- B2ui 6am the burning «f stubbly in the fen ŁCjOiEsng Mr Ciark't, ałthoagb bygiest «tertima Mi Clark's farm wa» saved. In the airaieti of Redesdaie, Barfold, ^c, Kessrc Cochran and Took bare been heavy faeert, the farmer barely esapiag with fatslife. Mes Truto, Laurence Connełl, end iSiiier, last nearly CTerytbing, Messrs Tavior, and M'KinUy i ritaa^ed to save tbe* homestead.. ^ J ^ f * everything else was destroyed. Keasra Twytord, Holland, H att, and Martin, were ' the sufferers, and Mr Mitchell's plate wis enW EtTed bribe exertiossafhtsiiien. On tbeTvld»n rc(£, and o*er towards Mr G. W. Johnson's f rrcpertv, Messrs W.tson Bros, Mr Sims, I t, j . ' Messa T. Ross »d Purwn have barm oot, but few of them saving anything. At Kewhara Hr Eduard Drydeo has, with the excepuon of the honse been completely burnt { ed! Mr Drvden St Woodend, and Hr i Monti also beiotr similar snfiercrs. Mr Ar^'.pUce.t Newbunta ^ntntcoou pldely down, wagons, stacks, barns, ix, aU destroyed. In the forest, the mills of Mr j Eobettaon, and Mr SB "Gilchrist caught fir the Utter, we understand, being burnt to the j pound, the damage done to the former we f hare not ascertained. On tbe Daylesfordroad, , ł o u jL c i. . __ aad out by Beltoppw, the fixeshave been very destructive, the heat, we understand, being so intense on tbe Daylesfoid road, that convey- j ances could hardly pass along. There can ! be no question that we have yet to learn of J very - considerable damage. . The following "T are accounts given by the different country journals of the fires t— SAJTOffOESr.—Monday in Sandhurst was tbe hottest, tbe dustiest, aod most misemble, and tbe mo6tunbearable day we have had formally reasons. Karly in the day a fiercehot wind commenced to blow, driving an atmosphere like tbe blast fnxn a famaoe in the face of any one •who had to go into the street. While scorching the -uafortcnate .f»ot fwwengara with its bated breatb, the wind was strong enough to lift that horrible road mixture of the town clerk's from tfae surface of tbe streets, aodin addition to being half soorebed by the hot wind one was totally blinded by tbe clouds of dust. Between two and three o'clock the thermometer marked 105 in tbe shade in Pali Mall, while about that time large bush-fires were observed in nearly every direction around Sandhurst. The glare from the bosh-fires was distinctly visible on tbe horizon round about tbe town, i A large fire, which appeared to be burning in ! the direction of the Upper Sheep wash, threw up a reflection which led many to believe that a huge firewas consuming some of the bouses ^ situated In tbe southern portion of Sandhurst; while another targe fire to tbe eastward also illuminated the in that direction. About cine o'clock a perceptible-change of the cooler atmosphere took plaoe, and after one or two threatening showers the rain commenced to come down with considerable force until about eleven o'clock, when it ceased. The gale did considerable J«m«ga to the frail buildings. Between twelve and one o'clock, tbe gale Eeeawd to be blowing its hardest, and at that time tbe roof of Jones's Brewery M'Crae street, was blown off. iron roof aod verandah of Mr Savern's dwelling, Beroal-fStreet, wss also carried away by the wind. One of the front windows of tbe Meehaoics' Institute was blown right in, mid fell on a beautiful cpedmen of coral in a glass case, both ot which were smashed. The bush fires were unprecedented in the memory of the oldest resident. We were informed by a gentleman who arrived from Bcbnca by tbe evening train, that the whole of the bash in the neighborhood of Gaornoog, and indeed on both odes of tbe line from Runnymede to the latter-named plaoe, was boning fiercely. In tbe direction of Hnntiy, sad between there and the Whipstick, there were bosh fires; away towards Uyers'-fint immense bodies of smok* and fiames were to be seen Ihroughout theday, and again in tbe direction of Bullock Oreekańd Lockwood there were extensive fines. To the north-east a huge firewas also vis'.bie. batat a grest distBnce. Tbeapreaiance of tbe horizon around Sandhurst before the rain began to fall was remarkable, fiarin evBydbsetfon finsJLtuptbe dad&NBiaopy4if; clouds with * fcridglare. We havenot heard whetheranydsmawWwoperty bas been- caused wthevidnity«f Bandbuist ; bat we few that £ucb extensive oonflagtalioas must haveisvoiv&d; valuable property to a owiaderable extent. Those who were in tbe colonyon Slack Kmisdaymnst have been struck with the einiilarity of yesterday to tbatmemorableday. There was tbs earae fierce,rushing, hot nottb wind, tbe 6ky the surrounding landscape obscured by the emokeofinnuiiwaUefiresandtbedust, and at night tbe grateful change of a cool breexa from the south, with rtfreshing showers.— Adeertiter, CASTUWjumE,—The terrible heat of Monday Is accounted for to a great extent iw tbe occurrpnoeofvery large bush flree. On after side of the nulw^fcomTarsdałeto Moonlight flxt and tie Mount, tbe wboleootmtiy*ms In » complete blare. Two miles in lengtbtif tbe railway feoong between Hwadale and fflpUnstnu has beacompletely<aasumed.andit is rumoured tJattbe propet^y of Mr HnU, CE, im been entirely deetroyad. Our infbrmant states that ue£nm<of Mrfiąr<tołda,^TaradaU,hMbaea lmmt,andbis valnshUiitarlniof bayreduoadto uhes. Mr Urauharfs plaoe narrowly esc^wd In the afternoon the inhabitants of Taradale were taiifial «t the»ppn»diof firetowards As township, Thefire beU^raa rang, and tbe inhshitaota toKiMl ^at iat matte. Tbs Mayor,;. "TOT Im—n. flnilniii -IVHwm.ind Tirtift tx the principal men jpf tbs tosm, direeted c^c^ofthemenfnextinguishingthefire. The coontrynnrth and »ast I with smofce.^. 13ia fira «eawd $o ba>« cmne from tbs direction «t Monnt^MCTindnr, 'Moaming evsiytblng; in Its «osm. 2t TO •swtrtlwllie'eiWiiPlflrngBWWipiemi* larotbatt^ fans«f Mr ii'CLsUan. in tt* iiae 1 tf foetwtfeeJwie^ ćes-I traction. As if'mm.- «*» stacks of !»v of twoto»s«eb wweberaed. At this place tbe fi™ wał abcmt oce naie in width, odicr large £«*» » tłie naoił? «we pbead la «mt jeopardy. tilW * it Looking l' ll'l I flłlłłutwir in the direction 11.—« of Heatbwte, -tbese w eaety propabitisy tfasttbebosh SuaaW fire AM bas "» comimayl great nvagm la tint quarter. the extent** tfaę damage dooe. bnt it must be *«T cooaderahte. At night, jCtatfemame was ean®™*^ with * mmt oT feme, wotber the ««««»•» vus mo«t oppremireand unbreatbeable. and tW Siace the above vas written, w* tare baud tbat about og&tta; homestead*. Iwing between tbe Mount and tbe Junction, have been totally detroyed. UrDaii^andMr Whitebave been conaidetxble iwws br tbe fire, and it is reported that tbe ? ? ? GEELCXC.—Mount Manic ra thecal of. conflagration that will be remembered for ^ ^ It was a road board day, and dering the ratting tbe alarm iru gm» tint tbe I wboie Mount was oc fire. The board at once adjonroed. and <»ch member sailed forth armed I i with a sati, ice tbe ooogp booth « of a a^or tree, or TO -rbateTer came first to haod. aod prevented the£re ia g tbe MiU-road. in »hkh a quaontv of e^v cotntostibie property irouid have fallen a w tbefiame^. 1b front, oa top of the t Słoont, a portion of Mr Tiudalt's viDeyard was «n fire, bet tbe vines, font the maistsieia them, effared a check to the flames,which were spreading over a field of locg grass, aod bete aod there portions of tbe vineyard fence might be seen burning. Below the vinerard. at tbe foot of the monnt, was Mr BWtiuiBeiHid, and, as the -wind n, was blowing fteroely in this directian, tbe J wholeoftbełwHrfn^«een^ineritaMyidoóo»d to •dertrueticŁ. Jast ss tbe fireappemebed the homestead. bowerEr, tbe wind suddenly reered n round, sad with tbe gnst the fire cwept ronnd the corner of Richie's fmn, leasi&f; tbe bosie- Etead cniniored. On it came «crliiigaiid <aacbiDg throoeb the łong ERibble towards Uie Mill road, igniting a large stack of straw, and coming right up to the woodwoffe of tbe s&tali; a* chapel treed by tbe Bible Christians. From ten to twenty men here worked energetically to beat the firedown, and tie chapel was saved. In the mcantiiBe tŁe was rapidly onrai to \ Uje ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ HarraboolB. A man uamed MahonCT had only threshed out his | wheat on Saturday, 'and had Mine two or three j handred bushels on the Rronnd ; tbe whole of this, and nearly the entire homestead, were con- « ^ time ^ar. it Ukes to write Jt ilttlligan e lann baildmps fell riert, the honse ^p^alnaost bv a miracle. On it went till it ^e hollow in the Mill-wad, where Uroben Clark's honse was sitoated. There was DO time to remove anything ; the dry weatherboards seemed to lick np the flames till the whole in a minute or two in a blsra. Fax U g g tmok& bodies of red fire were distincUv visible, ^ of burning boildinjrs or sticks. K splitter e, at sotne distance his hnt, in which he had left his wife and child, in fiames,and he took the irst horse he cooidjast, and rodeto them through ^e and «nofc^ «o fierceand suffocating ^ times that it was dangerous to approach it Tbe dama([e doneis4 frreater Ui^t can at present be for it was only what conld be distinctly seen from a distance that our account penned, and the fire appeared to be spreading with considerable rapidity. It appeara that on Eftarday Mount, MATittł and onH a firekindled it if is te probable, rwyiTMhlA by eomeeplittereonthe therefore, łhamfnm tbat łhał tbe łno disastrous conflagration was owing to the embers thai left smouldering. A bush fire was burning at sight in tbe Sellerine district, tbe reflection of it being visible in the air. A fire was also seen across the bay, in the direction of tbe little River. We have since beard that it extended over several square miles of grass land, and was approaching the farms, being within half a mile of the railwaystation ŁMAEKOKTIŁ—The Leormontir district -bas digain beat the scene of extensive fires. On Sunday night two stacks of oats, on the farm occupied by Mr Hynes, at Ercildoun, were discovered to be on fire. The stacks were situated folly a quarter of a mile from tbe road, and every precaution as to ploughing around them for tbe purpose of protecting them from fire, had been attended to. About 1.000 bushels of grain were destroyed. On Monday, a fire occurred on tbe run of tbe Messrs Lesnnonth. Several constables who woe in attendance at tbe Learmontii Police Court, when the firebroke forth, were sent off to the scene of conflagration. Particulars bad not been received when tbe mail left Learmontfa, but from tbe appearance of matters from the township, there is reason to fear tbat all the grass upon tbe run bas been destroyed, and probably buildings as welL Mr Yaughan, Happy Valley, bas bad a stack of wheat, believed to contain 3,000 bushels, comtely destroyed. Mr Holgate, of Mount ton, has had the whole of his fences and grass (that is, all that escaped a fire on Thnrs-. day last) completely destroyed. A batcher, named Smith, at Mount Bolton, bad bis place on fire, and with difficulty saved bis dwellinghouse alone. His out-houses were all consumed, and some pigs woe actually roasted alive. At Burrumbeet, among tbe farms held under tbe Messrs Lesrmontb, much damage has been done. On Mr Robertson's ran, Bornbank, there was also a great and, it is feared, destructive fire. On Monday, a large portion of the country at Smeaton, between the Three Castles Hotel and Smeaton Hotel, was on fire. The fiames extended to Kingston, and modi property bas been consumed. The Smeaton Hotel and the large stock of liquors, ic^ contained therein (valued : at about LS00) notwithstanding the utmost exertions of fifty men, were utterly destroyed. There was also consumed a stack of oats and another of bay (worth about L200) belonging to Mr Andrew Mather. A brmer at Gleudooald has had three stacks destroyed. A number of persons at gpong Gully lens been burned out. Coffey's grass paddock, -at Spnng Hill, bas been burnt up. A farmer named Plansgan, «t Bitch's Creek, bas bad, * good deal of property destroyed. Large fires an bandog near Mount Prospect, psartbe Oeep Creek; also tn Bolbuook. The stacks of frarn and dwetlingbouse uf Mr Adam Bioomfic^ jnn, at Bnllaincdq-as also the slacks anddwelling4£Mr JohnRoy bavebeen burned. There was* large fire at Scrub Hill. -Hundreds of acres on the ranges between Ballarat and arestmboraing. The bash was in fiamesfrom Warrenbmp to Lsl LsL A great many cattle ' were destroyed, and many more, appalled by the fismes were rrnming madly obinit In all directions. - NEWSTEAD.—Ncwstead was yesterday surrounded by bcuah fires, and many of the inhabitants ara apprehensive for tfae safety of tbe town. As a gid wu wasbingin Mgrsden's yaxdt' spadcs from afirelightedoutnde flewon to a diy dung ip; the JBtrasrimmedittoly ignil6d, aiidbad rnot bw& iro the atrwiuooa ocertions of a score of mjen, «erenl of tbe houses would most probablybarebaencoasained. 'IŁe busb£i»j(m the nnge sear tbe Bridge Xnn was at tbree o'ebde towedne yarda blgh.. gome htwses, startled bythflM»TW and smoke, broke away, andtbe«esldeids«eceftia ttata of ercawwwit •nddrstd. HlluM mnRifiocated la Glasgow - tBWrtly. Afirebrdasontinmbousein the Oaltoa district while the aemnt gixi' «raa absent. IŁeaei^ibcnai «xtingaisb«itbe fire, whieb did wipit damage^oixopectar; botinaninner room three «blldmiJot«eudaryesis were afterwards fcund inbed gmterf—d, %afiw whidi broke «at intbetłowerioom ^aóoty of Weans. A Fyfo and OÓ:, LitdeOovan, oaar Glasgow, tbe ssme tTm^wg."»!wwgT"tTrt done 4o tbe monntof irfKHit ^OAOO totbe sUxA in the place. Tbe jxn1ding<taalfiw*ifastror»d. Tbe wvdWflB m$opmMoiimlj-*M laodi, _ 