TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1865. I :-~~~. The periodical publication of the re- turns of the various banks of issue established in the colony would convey to a stranger the impression not only that wo have an ample supply of capital for discount and general accommodation, but also that extraordinary care is taken to protect shareholders and depositors from injury by having the statements of the managers of these banks authenti- cated upon oath. We do not intend to impugn tlie accuracy of any of those quarterly returns in particular ; indeed, we have not the means for doing it, but we distinctly affirm that, notwithstanding the precaution taken to have a sworn statement from the managers of these institutions, a better guarantee would be afforded to the public were a system of audit adopted entirely independent of these establishments, under which it would be compulsory-and not upon them only-to submit not only their books for inspection, but all their secu- rities, and everything for which an auditor might choose to call in expla- nation of the transactions which had been carried on, in order that an impar- tial judgment might be formed o£ their true position. In tbe case of all the English and Scotch banks which have failed, so dis- astrously for tho public, within the last few years, a regular audit had been made entirely satisfactory to the directors of each of them, and up to the period of the collapse, entirely satisfactory to the shareholders and depositary. Only a few months before the suspension of the Leeds Banking Company, the directors of that august swindle declared a dividend of fifteen per cent., and a bonus of ten per cent. Until the crash came, it is probable that no one outside the board-room suspected its true position. Wo do not intend to draw a compari- son between the Leeds Banking Com- pany and any of our local institutions : but there are instances enough upon the spot "to point a moral" and to suggest the necessity for a periodical inquiry into the condition of all the establish- ments-insurance and railway compa- nies as well as banks-which trade with capital belonging to the public. The Provident Institute has been too recently before the public to be easily forgotten, and the nefarious transactions brought to light in connexion with its origin and management, have affixed a brand upon those who were concerned in it which time will not efface, oven in this long suffering and indulgent community. We have had several other estab- lishments floated into notice upon the credit of the names of persons reputedly wealthy, and successful in drawing under their control auy organization fitted to securô a return adequate to satisfy their craving for a rate of interest beyond that returnable by ordinary investments. One or two of these companies publish no balance sheet at all, while others present state- ments periodically in which all is drawn couleur du rose. Whether the statements are correct or not, no one, outside the board of management, has the means of judging, for the grounds upon which these statements are made are not known ; and in the history of some of the bank failures at home we see that it is not difficult to throw dust into the eyes even of an inquisitive director, if there is a sufficient objeot to be gained by doing so. The result of an authoritative and searching audit might be indeed to discredit some of the insti- tutions which have stood well in public estimation ; in the case of some it might be to show that errors which had been made, and losses which had been in- curred, were in course of rectification j while its effect would undoubtedly be to establish in public confidence more firmly than ever those which havo been uniformly conducted with integrity and judgment. Nothing could be more per- functory than tho usual mode of con- ducting a bank audit, and less fitted to inspire the public with confidence in ' it. " An auditor's function," says a writer in the November number of the Jicmker's Magasine, " is confined to ar " examination of vouchers and gene " rahzedstatements." . . . "Corred " it undoubtedly is as far as it goes " but it is one thing for a statement te " be authentically correct, and quit« " another to investigate the securitiei " on which the statement is founded " Thus, whenever the executive find i " convenient to conceal the actual posi " tion of the company, the auditor i " practically powerless to expose it." In order that the public may be ii the position to judge of the truo state o the affairs of a bank, or of anyinstitutioi ! i I i ' employing the capital of the public and trading upon its confidence, it is neces- sary that an auditor should have the power to go behind the balance- sheet prepared for his inspection, and that he should investigate for himself the ac- counts from which it has been made up. The writer before quoted says :-" A " balance-sheet, to be a true index of " affairs, must depend greatly upon " whether bad debts aro written off or " retained to credit of good assets ; and " depends, therefore, upon an intimate " knowledge of particular securities. " Experience has shown us that bad " debts of enormous amount have con " tinued to be counted with good assets " for a long time, when even beyond " a hopo of anything being realized " from them ; and yet such ac " counts havo received the sanction " of an audit, or, if not an audit, " what has purported to be of equal " value-directors' and managers' signa " tures. It is plain, therefore, that " unless we can have an independent " audit, by gentlemen of recognized " ability, vested with the necessary " power, we shall continue to be at " the mercy of bad banking, falsified " reports, and all their train of ruin and " misery." It must be manifest that, before wo can have an audit so thorough as to leave nothing to be supplemented in particu- lars, and so faithful as to put suspicion absolutely at rest, auditors must be appointed by Government of ascer- tained ability and of unimpeachable integrity. As the Government ac- counts are submitted to the com- missioners of audit, who, so far as aprjears, have performed their task with accuracy and fidelity, so would wo have the affairs of all our local com- panies employing capital contributed by the public submitted periodically to an examination, in the courso of which it should be in the power of an auditor to call for documents of every description, and to insist upon a system of book- keeping being followed which would show at a glance, good, bad, and doubtful assets, as well as the precise nature of transactions in which the company puts out its capital for use. Auditors abso- lutely independent of these companies could alone furnish such a balance-sheet as we desire. Whatever may be Mr. M'Culloch's precise object in bringing in a bill to regulate the .affairs of private banking companies, if it does not make provision for such an audit as that we have described, it will accomplish really nothing for the security of the public. If disposed to take au enlarged and statesmanlike view of banking-and even our insurance companies do busi- ness as discount banks-and to place all such institutions upon the same footing, and subject them all to an audit of a thorough kind, he will do something to earn the gratitude of the commercial and general community. It is true that the appointment of public auditors would involve expense. Provision could bo made to meet the expense of their salaries, which should be liberal, by imposing a per-centago upon the business which these compa- nies transact ; and if we can promise no return of a pecuniary nature to the companies so taxed, we can promise to those deserving of the public confidence such an amount of it, and resting upon so sure a basis, as would not be liable to be distmbed, -while mero bubble compa- nies would be blown, as they deserve to be, to the winds. Of all the difficulties of colonial life -at least while a colony is still an infant and in the gristle, and has not had time to stiffen into the bono and sinew of incipient manhood - the greatest íb that the colonists have not only so very much to learn, but so voiy much more to unlearn. Kotzebue says somewhere in his neglected dramas that the English carry about with them their prejudices and their tea-kettles all the world over. We certainly carry about the tea-kettles j>retty steadily in Austra- lia, and the more honour to us ; but a great host of prejudices go with them. It has been equally curious .and melancholy in the past and present debates' upon the tariff, to notice the ?want of a single speaker who appears to realise the utterly different economical conditions under which anything ap proximating to prosperous manufactures must bo carried on here and av home, From Mi*. Michie, who, though a lawyer, is by no means devoid of brains, descending by steady grada- tions to the honourable the Treasurer and the honourable tbo Commissioner of Tiado and Customs, beneath whom descent is impracticable, it has never apparently occurred to any speaker that one manufacture is not another, any moro than Mr. M'Oulloch is Mr. Gladstone, though they are both human beings. The difference between establishing one branch of colonial industry and establishing another is the difference between a quiet walk up a gentle hill and a fierce scramble up the backsliding scoria and ashes of Vesu- vius. Success and failure in these matters depend not upon the doc- trines of books or the will of man, but the stern necessities of facts. To import raw produce with a view to its manufacture, either for colonial con- sumption, or still more for exportation, is an act of lunacy for which its promoter should be at once labelled " dangerous," and packed off to the Yarra Bend. Pro- tect as much as you please, the exigen- cies of the pocket will be more powerful than all protection, and the smuggler will stop in, willy-nilly, to remedy the blundeis of the financier. How small a circumstance will turn the scale in these days of unlimited competition, a recent instance may illustrate. At the source of the magnificent Shannon, with an uninter- rupted navigation to the sea, theArigna district presents a bed of iron ores only inferior to that of Russia and Dalocarlia, and enormously superior to anything in England. Labour to any amount is ob- tainable at from one shilling to eighteen penco a day ; peat fuel, which for iron ia twenty per cent, better than any coal, is in inexhaustible profusion ; but lime is wanting. The necessity of having on the spot this simple conco- mitant has persistently turned the scale between a splendid commercial success and a complete failure. Three of the conditions for making a success ivero present ; but the fourth was wantina Nature and commerce both will have their way. and io try to knock them down with books and theories is nearly as sagacious as the memorable effort of Mrs. Partington to mop out the Atlan- tic with her broom. There can be no doubt that sooner or later, and probably not at any great distance of time, Victoria, like the rest of Australia, will become to a certain extent a manufacturing country; but it will be always one of specialities, aud under very special conditions. In a new land, an abundant production of raw material is the first law of manufac- tures, unless under very extraordinary circumstances. The physical capability V of transmuting the raw produce into / marketable shape is the second, capita? is the third, intelligence is the fourth. England, ex. (jr., imports tho copper of Chili for smelting at Swansea, and re- exports it, and does both at a profit . but England is not Victoria, and the' profit is a question of percentages. The rise of a fraction in the labour price or cost of fuel will at any timo make the difference with us between absolute failure and con- siderable success. England in like manner imports cotton, and re-exports it manufactured at a profit ; but under the three conditions of unlimited coal unlimited skill, and unlimited capital! Victoria is not likely before the Year of Grace a.d. 2,000 to have at least two of the three, and even then probably not the third. As to the primuni mobile of commercial enterprise, wo know at least this much, that no coal sufficiently bituminous to make it worth actual working exists south of tho Tasmanian Mersey, and that it is highly dubious how far, if at all, the vein extends into Victoria. Deprived of ¡her first source of motive power, the colony has a second in the ampio supply of water storage, in her great .mountain chain, from Gipp3 Land to Cape Otway. In Italy, the rainfall would be at once enconomized ; but our engineers are not Italians, and our Parliament would probably regard any of its members who should proposo to t deal with the matter legislatorially much as they would the remarkable in- dividual who took out the patent for extracting sunbeams from cucumbers. Without cheap coal and cheap water power, manufactures become the phan- tasm of a dilettanti. With dear labour, and certain for a century to be dear-for so long as Australia and Oceánica keep on opening up new regions to existence, the work of a man's hands will be estimated in gold-to inaugurate them, except in exceptional circumstances, is to row in a punt against Nia- gara. Yet the exceptional circumstances exist. There are at our very doors at least a dozen articles of native growth capable of being manufactured, collec- tively equal in value to the gold of Victoria and thrice its wool. They aro safe dealing with, but safe only accord- ing to knowledge. The experience of Sydney, ex, (jr., seems to show that it is safe, within certain limits, to mauufacture our native wools into garments for our natives. It is safe to grow hemp, be- cause all the lieinp grown in the next quarter of a century will scarcely meet the wants of our mercantile marine, It is safo to grow flax with a view to manufacturing linseed oil, of which we import to the tune of ¿£70,000 a-year, at an advance of 100 per cent. upon the home price ; and particularly unsafe to grow it for fibre; in which case the balance will lie all the other way. It is safo to attempt manufacturing paper, though with caution, because the material is on the spot, and the producer, without a scrap of financial protection, will have the benefit of three intermediate profits. If Parliament while still in session would appoint a com- mittee to throw the abundant means of information into a tangible shape, it | would do great good. Unfortunately it prefers to run Melbourne against Lon- don in the protectionist race, and the fate of the earthen pitcher against the brazen is proverbial. Both Houses of Parliament meet this after- noon. The sitting of the Legislative Council is not expected tobe long, inasmuch as thera is but one item, of business on the paper, viz., the order of the day /or tho second read- ing of tho Charitable Institutions Bill, In the Legislative Assembly, some half dozen questions, of greater or lets interest, will b3 put lo the Government, Among ¿ho Üfít orders of the day are the Transfer of Heal Estato Bill, the Licensed Abattoirs Act Amendment Bill, the Bonks and Currency Law Amendment Bill, the Tariff (Customs Duties Laws Amendment) Bill, and the Im I prisonment for Debt Law Amendment Bill, each of which is down for second reading. The order of the day for the committal of the Supreme Court Law Consolidation Bill stands third on the list,- but it is not likely to be dealt with, because of the understand- ing that Government would fix a night specially for the discussion of the business. To-night, tho members of the UniW Church of England and Ireland hold tho meeting to which we drew attention on Saturday last. His Excellency the Governor , presides. From the advertisement it appears speakers will be brought from various parts of the colony, and no doubt will awaken i greater sympathy among those members of the church who have ministers and placea of -worship for those who are to the present time destitute of minister, church, or school. The most oppressive weather experienced during the present summer prevailed yester- day. A fierce hot wind blew all the morning, the guts being as unpleasant as furnace blasts, and yet there was an almost entire absence of sunshine, and the thermometer in the shade registered no more than 98. At times, it was positively painful to walk along the streets of the city, and it was impossible, from the dust, to see a dozen yards in ad- vance. The bush- fires which raged dur- ing the day not for from Melbourne probably contributed to the overpowering heat. Early in the evening, the reflection of a great conflagration was observed in the direction of Geelong; and accounts received in the course of the day show that there was quite a line of bush- fires between that town and Ballarat. Our tele- grams state that the weather in the interior was far more severe than in Melbourne; that bush-fires were in unpleasant proximity to Ballarat, Sandhurst, Daylesford, and other towns; that forests were a-blaze, and that homesteads had been destroyed. It is to be feared that within the next day or two we sholl have to publish a long list of losses. 1 About five o'clock the wind changed-a breeze arose from the southward ; and later In the evening rain commenced falling, and con- tinued for some time. During the gale in the afternoon, the paddock known as a portion of the Phoenix-park estate, Bruns- wick, became ignited, from some unexplained cause. Owing to the fact of a large body of men who were at work in the neighbourhood repairing immediately to the scene, with bags, &c; the fire was confined to tho paddock. But two subjects canned discussion at the City Council meeting yesterday. The'first was that of some bad flour, stated to he unfit for inman consumption, offered for sals in a c¡ty auction room a few days Bince, the attendance of confectioners. '&c;, being invited. Dr. Macadam, the city health-officer, lad also attended, and taken samples, which ho tested, and brought before the Health ?eomm^ju All thom fact* bein? stated, the «mnci'Xjitructed their solicitor to ascertain what steps could be taken to prosecute the sellers of the flour. The other matter waa the site of the Burke nnd Wills statue, respect- ing tlio erection of which a hitch has occurred, only to be overcome by passing a resolution in the council accopting tho risk in case of damage. After a warm diacasiion, a vote .wasfnken, snd a resolution such as that in dlcatfd carried. The Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution spain comes before the public to- night, at the Prahran Town-hall. The plan hitherto adopted, and to be pursued to-night, is to hold a public meeting, which includes a few ad- dresses and an examination of the pupils. This last has always been extremely interest- ing, and doubtless will be found so again. A champion raci has been announced to taVo n'neo on the Malbon mp Course on next New Year's Day. The added money will he tlio handsome enm of £1.500 to a sweepstakes of £50 each. Tho raco will tako place at the Victoria Ricing Club's meeting. The council of the Victorian Rifle Associa- tion to act for the current vear was elected at a general meeting of the member! of the »a scciatinn held, at the Volunteer-office, yester- day. The following aro the gentlemen who weroiolecred :-Colonel Andereon, Major Hall, Captain Farip, Captain Irving, Lieutenant Sargood, Sergeant Armourer Cole, R. Grico, Efq,, and Major Pitt. In nccordanco with the rerent alteration in the rules, the elec- tion wns made from the genoral body of members. Captain Dyer, commandintr the Molbourne Troop nf the Volunteer Light Horse Regi- ment, has obtained twelve months' leave of atones from his command, for the purpose oi visiting the mother conntry. In the Insolvent Court, yesterday, the Chief Commissioner gave judgment refusing a certificate to Christina Fischer, upholsterer, of Swmston-strcet. The insolvent was op- posed on a bill of coats which she owed to her Folicitors in proceeding'! in which she obtained divorce from her husband. She had paid all her debts with the exception of this, and the Court held it to be an attempt to use tho inrolvency mnohlnory to evade payment of a just debt. Thero wa1! a long examina- tion in the ca=e of Mr. Brown, of Como, paitncr in tho late firm of Brown and Stewart, wine merchants. It is not often that the " new insolvent" column exhibits an estate with a surplus. The phenomenon is presented to day. The solvent insolvent, who bears on illustrious Christian name, sets down hin liabilities at £2,0-10 fli-. 9d. ; and asBOts, £2,334 ßs. ; leaving «surplus of £293 10s. Id. One of thecauses off insolvency urgod is a loss by highway rob- bery of £197. Some amusing incident?, arising out of the rapid mode of disposing of unopposed insol- vents'and the infirmity of deafoess,~'occa ilonally enliven that staid matter-of-fact tri knal, the Insolvent Court. Yesterday, one of Hie impecunious whoso case had at tho same ttoment been called and disposed of, on the ¡n forma system, answered the call by fo/emnly ascending the -witnesB-box. Being oncofthe exiled of Israel, the insolvent put ou his bat, doubtless presuming that be was about to be sworn, end took tho Old Testa- ment in his hand. The Commissioner. "You have obtained your certificate." The insolvent, imagining that he bad been asked his name, declared his patronymic. " You lave obtained your certificate, Sir," again said the Commissioner, with a emile. " I live at-."answered the Hebrew. '"I tell you, Sir, you have obtained your certificate," said the Commissioner, for the third and loudest time. The certificated insolvent quickly un colored, and made his exit amidst general laughter at a sufficiently absurd exhibition of croîs purposes in tho witness- box. Wé are informed that it is proposed by -tho fi lends of the late Eight Rev. Dr. Geogbegan, Bishop of Adelaide and Goul- burn, to commemorate his public services to Victoria, as its first Catholic missionary, by purchasing from England a memorial win- dow of stained glass, for the great western window of St. Patrick's Cathedral. A mag- nificent design by Hardman, valued at £1,000, tho subject of which is the Ascension of our Lord, has been submitted for this purpose, and arproved of by the bishop and architect of the church. A^ikoness of the late bishop will be introduced amongst the crowd of awe Ftrlcken bystanders, with a suitable scroll, in- tended to be an everlasting memorial of the affectionate esteem of the subscribers, and an ewprefient appeal for the prayers of the faithful in his behalf. Subscription-lists -will bo prepared in tho course of a few days, and left at the principal banking establishments and public places in Melbourne. The number of visitors to the National Museum of natural history, geology, and economic geology, applied to mining, agri- culture, and the aits, for the week ending 25th tot, was 799 ; to the mining model-room, in the new building, 1,047. The muséums are open to the publlo daily (Sundays excepted), from ten a.m. till fivo p.m., in the north side of the Univei eily, and in the unfinished por- tion of the National Museum building, at the bael, of the University. The Messrs. Gordon Brothers launched from their building-yard, on the banks of the Yarra, yesterday afternoon, a new schooner, named the Lady Don. There was a large concourse of spectators to witness the cere- mony. The Lady Don is 75ft. Oin. in length, 20ft. Oin. in breadth, Oft. 7in. in depth, and h of about 200 tons burthen. A court of inquiry has been held, at the Volunteer-office, for the purpose of investi gating and of reporting upon a charge pre forred against Captain Dyer, of the Metro polilan Troop of Volunteer Light Horse " that ho signed and forwarded to the Volnn leor-office a retnrn of the pBradeB attended b: members of his troop during the month o December, 1864, knowing the same to b incorrect." Tho charge, in fact, was that f Tartlcular member was returned aaeffectiv *hen he wbb not qualified, whereby th strength of the troop was erroneously,re ported, and tho sum of £7—tho effect- tlve allowance for man and horse-was wrongly claimed from the Government allowance. It was alleged, in extenun- tion, that, though the December return was incorrect, Captain Dyer signed it belieiv- ing that the member in question had attended a sufficient number of parades during the previous months to qualify him. The volun- teer regulations, however, require from a effective not only a certain amount of work but also an even distribution of this work throughout the year. Under these circum- stances, the Couit—which consisted of Lieu- tenant-Colonel Mair, Captain .C. Faris, and Captain F. G. Moule - returned a finding of " Quilty." In due course this finding was ap- proved of, and Captain Dyer was ordered to bo severely reprimanded, after which he was released from the arrest he had been placed under. The Colonel Commandant has ad- dressed the following memorandum to the officers of the force, for their in- formation and guidance :-" I am con- vinced that the grave error committed by Captain Dyer was not made with an appreciation of its serious nature and con- sequences. Under this conviction, I would gladly have dispensed with the court of in- quiry were it not that the returns are of such Importance in working out the effective sys- tem that, in justice to the whole force, it was necessary by public proceedings to show that persons of all ranks are held strictly respon- sible for the accuracy of the returns they sign, and that no motive can justify the signature of a return known to be (as in the present case) Incorrect." Tho prompt and decided action which has been taken in this matter, crushing at once what might have produced I a very injurious scandal, will commend itself alike to the volunteers and to the public. An inquest was held by the city coroner yesterday, at the Morgue, upon the body of Arthur Forbes Cuthbert Young, partner in the firm of Young and Martin, merchants, Flinders-lane. Deceased was aged fifty years, and has left a wife and two children. On the evening of Wednesday, the 22nd instant, he and his partner, Mr. J. Martin, left the office together at half past five o'clock, and parted company an hour afterwards in Swanston street, outside Bignell's Hotel. Deceased then went into the hotel, being at that time per- fectly sober. He left in about half an hour, and returned at half-past ten o'clock, in company with a woman. He was then the worse for liquor. The cabman who drove him to the hotel claimed payment, and deceased having no money, Mr. Bignell settled for the fare. Some little time after, from some remarks made by the woman, she was sent out of the house, and after she had gone a cab was procured and the deceased was sent to his residence, in Hanover-street, Victoria street, Hotham. The cabman (named James Flinn) stated that he drove the deceased from the hotel along Victoria-street, but be- fore reaching his house deceased ordered him to stop, and got out. Witness remonstrated with him, and wanted him to remain in the car till he reached his home, but deceased refused, saying that he knew what he was about. He walked off towards the Benevolent Asylum. As deceased's partner heard the next morning that he had not reached his home, he reported his absence to the police, and employed a detective to search for him, However, nothing could be heard of him at any later period than that referred to in the statement of the cabman. On Sun- day afternoon the body of a man floating in the river was observed by a sailor named Henry Norton, while on board of a vessel lying alongside the Australian Wharf, and being re- covered from the water, proved to be that of the deceased Young. No marks of violence could be observed upon it. Some shirt studs, pencilcases, and other articles were found upon the body ; and from the previous evi- dence, it seemed that deceased had no money upon him when last seen alive. It ap- peared that the body had been in the water some three or four days. Mr. Martin, the partner of deceased, said the firm had a ship loading near where the body was found, and deceased was accustomed to go on board this vessel frequently in the daytime. He expressed his belief that the death of deceased was not due to violence, but that it was the result of accident. The jury found that de- ceased was found floating in the river by the Australian Wharf, and added to their verdict an opinion that he was accidentally drowned on the night of the 22nd inst. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday, at the Morgue, upon the body of John Sullivan, a boy who was drowned in the river hy the wharf on Sunday afternoon. Shortly after four o'clock, a man named Frederick Horns ley, a resident on Yarra Bank, had his atten- tion attracted by hearing a loud splash in the river, and on running towards the place he saw a cap floating on the snrfaco of the water. Ile at once gave an alarm to some persons on the other side, and endeavours wore made to rescue the deceased, hub the body was not recovered until about an hour and a half afterwards. A fishing-rod, which was found close by, was identified as belong- ing to the deceased, and when the body was searched several fish were found in deceased's pockets. The jury found that deceased was accidentally drowned whilst fishing. Another of the many cases of accidental' drowning that havo lately occurred in the Yarra formed the subject of an inquest held at Hawthorn yesterday, by Mr. Candier, dis- trict coroner. The deceased was a hoy aged nearly nine years, named Jabea Holllnshed Ellis, son of J. H. Ellis, a fellmonger living at Simpson's-road. On the morning of Tuesday lost deceased loft his home, for the purpose of getting some thistles for his rabbits-going in the direction of tho river. As he did not re- turn when expected, his father walked down to the river, to look for him, He, however, was unable to see anything of the boy. At the place where ho supposed that his son had gone he found thistles growing on the river bank, and saw a bunch of thistles gathered and lying near the spot. There were also traces on the bank which led him to believe that deceased had slipped there and fallen into the water. On Saturday, a gardener named O. P. Lowe, when down at the river near the place beforo spoken of, saw tho body of a hoy canght in a tree in the river. The body being removed by the police was identi- fied as that of the boy Ellis. The jury returned a verdict of " Found drowned." The unfortunate woman, Mrs. Ward, who was taken to the hospital on Sunday, suffer- ing from somo very sovere burns, died yester- day from the effects of the injuries. A largo quantity of new cable rope has been found in the swamp beyond Sponcer- street> where it seemed to have been " planted," for purpose of concealment. It was taken pos- session of by the police, pending the discovery of ownership. Tho Carlton Biflos will hold their annual mooting this evening, at eight o'clock, in the orderly-room. The collector of the Benevolent Asylum begs to acknowledge the sum of £5 from Mr. G. Techow, the proceeds of a gymnastic felt given atthoExhibition- bnilding.inald of the funds of thiB institution. Avery numerously-signed petition to th( Legislative Council against the new tariff hat been prepared at Castlemaine. The Mail o'. yesterday says:-"All consistent opponent! of tho new tariff will be glad to hear that th< petition about being forwarded from Castle maine to the Free-trade League in Melbouim will be one of the largest in respect of signa tures that has been obtained in any of the up-country districts. Already upwards o 1,600 bona fide names have been attached ti the petition, and it is expected that the num bor will not fall short of 2,000. It is gratify ing to know that some of the stauchest ad herents of protection-among whom we ma; mention Dr. Mackay, LP.-have affixed thei signatures to the petition, in some instance adding to their names the word ' protoc tionist,' for tho purpose we presume, of in- timating either their conversion to the doc- trines of free trade, or in order to show that they do not coneldor the tariff to be of such a character as to procure what they deem to be the benefits of protection." In the District Court yesterday, John Macartey, a dealer, was summoned by James Huey, the sheep inspector, for having on tho 23rd of January imported into Melbourne l£i sheep infected with scab. The case occupied the Court for a long time A plea was raised at the outset to the jurisdiction, but waa over- ruled, and the evidence was proceeded with. It was at length found tba,t an important wit- ness, whose attendance was essential to the case for the prosecution, was not present, and the case was dismissed. JameB Matthews, of the firm of Matthews Brothers, Geelong, was complained against for " travelling" fifty-two sheep not branded with the letter T; and Richard Brodie, of Ellensvllle, Deep Creek, for similarly driving 103 sheep not bearing the required brand. Thoy were each fined at the rate of Id. for each sheep, with 23s, 6d. costs. Abont a dozen persons were also visited with small penalties for wasting the Yan Yean water. The tause-list for the day was a long one, and it was not until late in the afternoon that it was disposed of. At the Fitzroy Police Court yesterday, a number of persons were fined for drunken- ness and disorderly conduct. A woman named Mary Jasper, brought up on a charge of uping obfcene language, was sentenced to twelve hours' imprisonment. A cabman named Greeves was summoned by his em- ployer for misconduct, the complaint against him being that he had remained out all day when he ought to have returned atone o'clock, and thatwhen he did make his appearance he .waBin a state of intoxication. The defence was, a total denial of the charge; and the defendant stated that he had duly handed over his day's earnings to his employer, and afterwards assisted him in putting the cab in its proper place for tho night. The Bench dismissed the case. A case of assault Eeman v. Terry-was dismissed ; and as the disturbance appeared to have arisen out of a quarrel botween the servants of the respective parties, the Bench recommended both plain- tiff ond defendant to discharge their do- mestics. A cafe in which Timothy Marney was summoned for detaining a chair belong- ing the Court Sherwood Forest, A.O.F., was adjourned until Thursday. For the first business day of the week there were few caaes at the Sandridge Police Court yesterday. A young man named George Rouse was brought up, on remand, on a charge of disorderly conduct in a public place, He had previously been before the Bench on sus- picion of lunacy, and sent to the Melbourne gaol, for medical inquiry. Ab he was now con- valescent, ho was discharged. Thomas Turner was charged with obtaining £2 under false pretenceB from Thomas Hayes. It appeared that the defendant bad been cook on board the ship Rockhampton, and had sold a quantity of fat to the plaintiff. The sale took place at the end of a week some time ago, and delivery was to bavo been made on the Monday or Tuesday following. On the Sunday intervening, however, Turner deserted from thosbip. Hewasaftorwards apprehended and brought up at tho City Police Court, when he was sentenced to three months' imprison- ment. When Turner was in gaol, Hayes sued the captain of the Rockhampton for delivery of the fat; but the latter stated, in defence, that the fat was the property of the ship, and that by special agreement Turner had no claim whatever to it. The case against the captain was therefore dismissed. In the present case, a fresh summons having been obtained after Turner came out of gaol, it appeared that the ship had sailed within a day or two, and as the captain could not ap- pear to deny the defendant's assertion that the fat was his, and that he had a right to soil it, there was no other course open to the magistrate than to dismiss the case. Several storekeepers in Bay-Btreet were charged with obstructing the thoroughfare, by exposing goods for sale. They were each fined Is., with the addition of 7s. 6d. cOBts. Mr. Call, P.M., was the presiding magistrate. At Flemington Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. P. Higgins, P. M'Cracken, Robert M'Cracken, J. Sparkes, and D, Arm- strong, A. Bateman Bued Smith Daniels for the sum of £.2 11b. lid., for goods Bold and delivered. There being no appearance for the defendant, tho police-constable in walting informed the Court that he waB already in gaol for debt. Verdict for the amount claimed, and 2s. 6d. costs. James Selby was remanded for seven days," for medical treat- ment, Buffering from delirium tremens. At Dandenong Police Court, on Saturday last, John Hollman, a German, living at Berwick, was charged with an indecent assault on Mather Keesing, a little girl under five years of age, the daughter of a German farmer living at Berwick, and was committed for trial at the next Criminal Sessions at Melbourne. He was also committed for trial for a similar assault on Hannah Keesing, aged eight years, and for a still more serious offence on Mather Myers, aged eleven. Henry Leggatt was committed for trial, for a sorioui offence committed on a married woman named Maryann Stead, at Lavertouch Creek, while the latter was in a fit, apparently of an epi leptic character. The proceedings occupied the Court till about five o'clock on Sundaj morning. A meeting of about 100 of the inhahitonb of Williamstown was held in the local Me chanics' Instituto last ovoning, to present tin present mayor, Mr. Thomas Mason, with ¡ souvenir, in tho shapo of a purso of 10' guineas and an illuminated address, wittel had been subscribed hy the ratepayers, aa ai acknowledgement of his public serviceB sine the establishment of the municipality. Mi Verdon, M.L.A., in presenting the toftimonia spoke in the most flattering terraB of tb Beivices which bad been rendered by Mi Mason, tnd attributed to the skill ho ha exhibited, as the first mayor, the great succès which had attended the conversion of Wi' liamstown into a borough. Mr. Maso thanked the ratepayers generally for th honour they had done him, and promised t make it his study to work for the pu bli good. Later in the evening about seventy < eighty of Mr. Mason's friends entertaine him at a banquet at the Steampaokt Hotel, over which Mr. Verdon presided. The half-holiday movement has extende to Prahran, where, no doubt, the system wi soon he fairly established. At a meeting i grocerslheld last night, at the Royal Goori Hotel, Mr. J. J. Izod in the ohalr, it wj unanimously resolved that the places ? business belonging to members of that tra< should be closed every Thursday at tw o'clock, and it was agreed thot the drape should be invited to cooperate in the mov ment. Mr. J. B. CrowBWas elected preside] of the society, into whioh it was consider« advisable to form the meeting ; and a con mutee having been appointed to make ti necessary arrangements, the proceodln closed. Tho Mount Alexander Mail states that ti Government are preparing to carry out ti Coliban water scheme according to M Brady's plan. Three men, named Trainor, Nolan, ai Keenan, who havo been for some timo want in connexion with an assault and robbery *35 committed upon a boy named Phill!] on the 11th inst., at the corner of Fife-street and Victoria-parade, Collingwood, were ar- rested last evening, and lodged in the Swan ston-street watch-house. They will be brought bcforo the Court this morning. Tho bore of the Nowton Coal Prospecting Company is now down 902ft. 9in. Seven feet of shale, without any parting of sandstone, have been gone through lately. Mr. Wemyss Jobson, who has assumed so many characters in the short period of his colonial life, was to appear last night at the Theatre Hoyal, Geelong, in the part of Hob Boy. An important undertaking has been com- menced in the Riverine district -which is de- scribed by the Deniliquin Chronicles^follows: " Desailly's canal, which is to bring water from the Lachlan into a dry creek, will open up thirty miles of country, and give water frontages of no less than sixty miles. The canal' will be eleven miles long, Tond eleven and a half feet deep, and the con- tractor who has undertaken tho work is hound to completo it, under heavy penalties, early in June. Eighty navvies have- already boen sent forward, The cutting is to follow the courso of an existing billabong, and con- sists in lowering the bed of'it from seventeen feet and a half above the bed of the river to six feet ; consequently, when the Lachlan hag more than six feet of water in it, there will be a flood into the dara. It is not ont of placo to remark that the existing land law affords no protection for such works as these -though unquestionably the greatest of all improvements. If no restriction bo placed on free selection there is nothing to prevent the Bixty miles of frontage cr oat ed by Mr. Desailly boing seized by others ; in fact.theonly protection tho projector has is the supposed nn fit nene and the remoteness of the country. Surely the state should either undertake such works itself, or protect those who do. With re- ference to the capital required for reclaiming some of these blocks, it may be montioned that timber necessary for these works, as woll as for wool-sheds and tbp like, has to be carted sixty miles." There appears to have boon no truth in the report that Hall's gang had made their ap- pearance in Benalla district. Tho report seems to have been bo3ed on very slondor grounds. The Riverine Herald gives the foi lowing explanation :-" A good deal of rub- bish has found its way into the newspapers about Hall and Gilbert having crossed tho Murray into Victoria. There is not the slightest fear of Hull and Gilbert doing anything so foolish. The fact is, tome men called at Mr. Headlam's station, and helped themselves to a little hay for their horses, hut I there was not the slightest reason for sup- posing them to bo other than very ordinary travellers. We have known men, honest In other respect?, who could not resist tho temp- tation to give their half starving horses a feed from a settler's haystack. Wo may rely upon it that if Hall or Gilbert wished to visit this part of the world, they would do it in a very quiet manner, and would certainly not come together, or for the purposes of plunder. Ben Hall is well known on the Murrumbidgee and Lachlan, having for a long time been engaged in stockkceping on those rivers ; and Gilbert, another old stockman, would be recognized without fail, unless he can disguiso himself well, if he ventured to approach the Victorian border. These young mon know very well that their Eafety consists in keeping in the mountainous country, and among their own particular acquaintances and confederates." Of some industrial rcsourcosof the interior, the Rivtrine Berala speaks as follow« :-" We aro not aware whether any competent person has ever turned his attention to the gums and resins to bo found on the Murray. Dr. Mueller, we know, has published some valu- able remarks on the subjoct, hut although that gentleman has been an extensive tia veller, it is quite possible some of theso natu- ral productions may have escaped his obser- vations. We allude to the subject now bo cause a peculiar gum has lately been brought to our remembrance, which is to he found on the Lowor Murray, below Swan-hill. It exudes from a small tree called by some of the settlers the juniper, and by others the sandal-wood tree. The gum is almost black, burns like sealing wax, and emits a slightly fragrant scent when lighted. It is used a good deal by the blacks for fastening the heads on to their spears. The wood of the tree, when green, makes a capital substitute for torche?, as it will burn in a flame until totally consumed. Thero are immense forests of it in the back country of the Lower Darl- ing. At a short distance from Lake Tyrell, to the westward of Swan Hill, there extatB a small lake, the bed of whioh is composed of a substauco resembling red ochre. We have seen it used by some of the settlers for mark- ing sheep. The blacks get it to paint' them seheswith. It lins been thought by some persons to be cinnabar, but this opinion we believe to be erroneous. It might, however, doubtlc's bo turned to account, and can be obtained in large quantities." A coach has at last made its way to Wood's Point; Tho local journal, noticing the event, says -" The ' Pioneer' left Melbourne on Fri- day mornîDg, by the Yarro track, aod reached here Bhorllv before six o'clpck on Tuesday evening. None of the passengers looked the worse for their long trip, which was per- formed hy easy stages, during the day-time only. On Wednesday morning the Pioneer started on the homeward jouraey. with several pasFengers, booked through to Melbourne." A. New South Wales collector of customs it seems, has been mistaken for Gilbert, tht bushranger. The Riverini Herald gives the following amusing account of how the mis take originated .-" With referooco to a para graph which appeared in our last issue, sot ting forth faat Gilbert and hiB mate wore it the ¡vicinity, we learn that a vory nmnBlng though at the same time an exceedingly , natural, mistake has been made. The fact of the case, as we havo been able to lean them, ore somewhat as follow :-A few day ago a Now South Walos collector of customs who is stationed near Echuca, started up th river with his satellite, on anti suvaggllni thoughts intent. As the mission was one ofsi delicate and solemn a nature, of coursa the ui most secrecy was bound to be observed, and ac cordinglyproceedingswore shrouded inan ira penetrable mysterloueness. To such an exton was this carried that» instoad of going, asan; bush travellers would, to a station au getting a shake-down for themselves an somo feed for their horses, thoy endot voured to purchase tho latter and some foo for themselves. As there was something sm piciouB about all thlB manoeuvring, negc tintions failed, and the travellers rode awa; As they were armed, and as the officer i question bears, we aro told, no inconslde: able resemblance to Mr. Gilbert, boin of moBt ferocious aspect, the mistake wt pardonable, and the assumption that Gi bert and his mate had crossed the bordi not unfairly arrived at. Judging from th preparations made for tho arrest of th notorious bushranger, it is highly improbab' that had the story proved correct he woul havo escaped ; but as it didn't, the best thin to do is, after awarding some duo meed < praise to the police for their activity, to forgi the whole affair, and to wind-up this interés lug narrative by advising the officer, no2 time he engages in the suppression of ti high crime of smuggling, to endeavour to loo more Ilka a Customs officer and less Uko . ( j bushranger, and not to be afraid of asking when ia the bush for that accommodation which, so far as our experience goes, is always willingly accorded, even to collectors of border duties." The Riverine Herald Bays:-"A correspon- dent at Menlndie informs us thai the country is suffering very much from the drought. Mr. Otway, who has been engaged in sinking wells in the back country, had just cocao in with his men, some of whom were weak and ill. They had sunk to a depth of 140 feet without obtaining water. The- great heat and want of suiface water had compelled thom to aban- don their work for the present. Mr. Otway is very confident of getting water, notwith- standing his ill-Biiccess hitherto, the more so as Mr. Henty's party, who have been sinking considerably beyond, had strack on an abun- dance at a depth of fifty feet." The Ballarat Evening Pott of yesterday says r -" The two days' 'cross-countvy sport, and the Grand National Steeplechase; whioh are arranged to take place ander the auspices of the Ballarat Turf Club, are beginning to excite very great interest in sporting circles. The large stakes announced must mike it worth the while of any gentleman having any horse well-bred and capable of jumping to prepare it forthwith. First on the programme Is a Maiden Plate, to try aspir- ants for hunting or stceplechasing-honours,, which ought to command a large ontry ; as in addition to the stake, a good price could certainly be obtained for any youngster fit to carry twelve stone behind the hounds in the presence of all the sports of Melbourne and of this district, even although it were not a winner. We already hear of moat of tho old favourites being backed for the Grand Na- tional, to wit-Ingleside, Beaufort, Baron, Longbow, Alice, Young Camel, and sevoral others, and wc are promised one, if not more> from Tasmania. The liberal odds offered by the bookmakers in anticipation of a large field is inducing the public to get a con- siderable amount of money ' on,' and there can scarcely be a doubt of the success, in every respect, of the meeting ; and we would advise every one who has Btock of a suitable or likely description to bring it to our neigh- bourhood at the time of the steeplechase meeting." The demon of discord seems at the present time, by some occult influence, to have taken possession of the minor municipalities around tho metropolis, to the utter detriment] of public business; and although the evil agency may be apparently cxoroised for the time being in ono particular district, it is almost ceitain to break out with renewed violence in some other quarter, and its ondless freaks and vagaries ore fast becoming an intoler- able nuisance. The Council of Hotham, which, until the late mayoral election, enjoyed comparative immunity from the visitation, seems now to be fairly givon over to all manner of misrule, and scarcely a meeting takes place without the usual amenities employed in the conduct- ing of public business boing set aside or alto- gether iguored. Somo of the councillors having succeeded in " establishing a raw" on the ex-mayor (Councillor Gell) with regard to the election of his successor, make the most of the circumstance, and omit no opportunity of alluding to it in a by no means pleasant or playful niannor, and the business of the borough, instead of boing paiamount at council meetings, is mado subservient to personal bickerings and public animosi- ties. At the ordinary fortnightly meet- ing of the council, hold last evening, the usual preliminary business and the considera- tion of the correspondence wore got over with almost suspicious unanimity ; but no sooner had the first order of the day been submitted than the unseemly wrangle commenced, and although the debate was of brief duration, the reßult was that a motion to adjourn the I proceedings was carried, and the meeting broke up, leaving the whole of the business on the notice paper untonchod. The order of the day was to consider a roport which had been drawn up by the town clerk on the notorious caso of Raglan and Byron streets, with a view to forwarding it to tile borough iolicitor for counsel's opinion, after it had been approved of by the council. Councillor Gell took exception to some al- leged mis statements in the report, and Councillors Davis and Hardess, " their souIb in arms and eager for the froy," undertook to disprove the allegations of Councillor Gell, and the mayor, one of the mildest and most inoffensive of civic dignitaries, in endeavour- ing to tettle tho points of order which bristled up in the discussion, came into collision with Councillor Gell, who, in a manner more pithy than polite, intimated that he would not be insulted by mayor or councillors. The mayor, who has all along borne the taunts levelled at him by his predecessor in office with exemplary equani- mity and patience, felt this last attack at the dignity of his office to be quite too much, and appealed to the councillors for support. A motion to adjourn the meeting was at once made, and os tbe members pro el con were evenly balanced, the mayor gave his casting vote in favour of the motion, and the pro- ceedings abruptly torminated, evidently to tho ditappointment of the latepayers crowd- ing tho hall, who had looked forwnrd to a lengthened entertainment during the even- ing. The Brighton Borough Council held their nsual fortnightly meeting last evening, Mr. J, J. Blundell, tho mayor, presiding. All the members were present. With reference to the alleged surreptitious removal of stone from the Point Nepean-road, the chairman stated that the stono in question was not the pro' pci ty of tho coi polution, and that a letter had been written to the informants stating the fact, and that the council consequently de dinoa to inteifere in the motter. Letten had been received from the Crown Law Offices, with copies of tho Municipal Corpora tioas Act; from Mr. Chavasse, mentioninf the completion of the pound erections, one forwarding schedule of fees exacted by the St Kudo Borough Council : referred to Financi Committee. A letter from Mr. J. Burns calling the attention of the council, in urgen terms, io the nuisance caused by tho practici of slaughtering and boiling-down now belnj carried on by tho Brighton butchers, wa referred to the Health Committoo for investi gation and report. Mr. H. Millard wrote complaining of tho damage done his gardei by his neighbour's fowls, and requesting per mission to nso fire- arms, in order to rli himself of the nuisance complained o! Tho request was granted, Tonders wer ordered to be colled for the construction c works in Church-street. A clause of tho re poit, in reference to the removal of eton from Point Ncpean-road, above alluded te led to a warm debate, one member persistió that the ownership of the stone in qucstio was really vested in the council, and not i the contractor, who bad authorised the re moval. The dissenting councillor stood solo on a division, all the rest boing for the claus as it stood. A motion defining the hours c attendance of the town clerk on dayB ne specified in Clause 144 of the Municipal Coi porations Act, was carried. In spite of the "Black Thursday" tem- perature of yesterday, and the lurid sky of nightfall, threatening the welcome down-pour that came later-an evening, in short, whe one would prefer being put in ice to the most attractive performance that ever filled theatre -there was a well filled house at the Theatre Royal, to welcome bask Wizard Jacobs after his five or six years'wanderings and triumphs in other worlds, old and new. Stage carpen tery and the scenic artist have, as with the magic of Prospero's wand, converted our classic temple of the drama into one of the black art, ii la Louis Quatorze, or, üb the " Professor " would probably prefer to call it, ©f " ambideaterous prestidigitation " Here, in- deed, Is everything in the mechanism of hanky panky, up to massive silver apparatus and other elementa of a perfect temple of enchant- ment, and other thingB proper and .requisite to the mastery of the imagination of a de- lighted though deceived audience. Though five or six busy yonrs have rolled over since Mr. Jacobs last delighted and deceived amuBemeat-seeking Victoria, there is still a lively recollection of hie dexterous and grace- ful manipulation in the art of legerdemain, and of course he has- lost nothing of his ancient powers. There is a singular family likeness in all the principal productions of this art, and those who have traced the magical art through the last twenty or thirty years, from Herr Dobler down to the Wizard of the North, will agree that there is very little new under the gaslight of a temple of enchantment. The time-honoured old tricks which amazed us in our green juvenility are, after all, those we are moat prone to applaud in grey years ; for though the art of pres- tidigitation, like everything now-a-days, has grown a little pretentious, and taken ad- vantage of spiritualism to become anti- spiritualist, the flight is more lofty than amusing. Mr. Jacobs, nevertheless, with his varied talents, contrived to keep his audience last night thoroughly interested and amused from the rise of the weird curtain til the dis- missal. He still possesses all the ability which aroused enthusiasm in our more stirring times and golden days. Slgnor Cutolo's second concert, given last evening at St. George's-hall, must have mightily raised him in general estimation as a pianist. Judged by the classic rules of high art, he may perhaps have superiors in Australia, but in his own domain he is supreme. Signor Cutólo ministers to the latter sort. Even his face and figure ex- press his peculiar powers. Ile is "musi- cally made," and his performance contains sympathetic touches of the rarest kind. His lighter and airier efforts, free from mechani- cal effect, are like thoso of Shelley's skylark, that " Singing still dost soar, and soaring over slngest ;" while in the dash of livelier music or in the deep pathetic sweetness so kindred to the school of which Bellini and Donizetti are in- terpreters, his cantable passages are rendered in a style all his own. Last night he de- voted himself wholly to operatic music, play- ing fantasias, one by himself, on " II Trova tore ;" another by Prudent, on " Lucia di Lammermoor ;" and a third by Thalberg, on " La Sonnambula." Of the standard operas of the day these three are probably the most familiar to a Melbourne audience, and the selected gems thereof were embraced in a rich setting, the hearers seeming to be " Ever In their melodious store Finding a spell unfelt before." The remainder of the programme was suffi- ciently good. The first and second move- ments of one of Dr. Beriot's most elaborate trios were well done 'by Mr. J. Howson (violin), Mr. F. Howson (violoncello), and Herr Schott (piano) ; but we doubt, with regret, if less classical music would not havo been preferred by the listeners. Mrs. Young, a lady not quite familiar to our concort goers, sang some well-selected songs. Her best was Bishop's " Bid me discourse," which proved her possession of a highly-cultivated voice, containing more elasticity and rich tone than resonance, but withal very pleasing, Herr Schott, in a solo on the oboe, sustained his high reputation ; and Mr. C. Stewart, late of the Christy Minstrels, sang some Scotch sings with considerable humour and remark- able vocal effects—-more original than artistic. The interval between the parts was occupied by the recitation of Aytoun's " Execution of Montrose," by Mr. T. P. Hill, professor of elocution, who displayed his usual taste and power. The concert-hall was well filled, and the various portions of the entertainment in which the conductorship of Mr. G. R. G. Pringle was noticeable—met with a fitting reception. Miss Edith Palmerston made a very agree- able change, musical and mimical, in her Polytechnic-hall entertainment last evening. Her versatility was rather strikingly illus- trated by a novel bit of comedy against tragic emotion of- the sensational school. A new impersonation, Dickey Hartshorn, a doctor's boy, though broadly drawn, is a genuine bit of humorous character-sketching ; and the description in particular of the course of treatment which discloses the pathology of the gratuitous system, where patients are received before eleven o'clock, at once evinced dramatic talent, and the inexhaustlbleness of the faculty for the purposes of satirist and mimic. As Miss Lucretla Tarquinîa Gush ington, a romantic young lady, addicted to the drama, Miss Palmerston did ample justice to the sensationalism of Lady Audley, in the burning of the Castle Inn, accompanied by the necessary red fire. The mock heroine, which Miss Braddon intends for sober seriousness, were very well sustained. In her clever sketch of the Maid-of-all-work, Kitty Brushet, Miss Palmerston sang with such point and sweetness the old-fashioned ditty of " Whom are you going, my pretty maid," as to call forth a loud encore. The hall was well filled. The Prahran and South Yarra Musical Society gave an extra concert at the Town hall, last evening, for the purpose of adding to the funds of the association, which at the present time need replenishing. The pro- gramme was of a varied character, and in- cluded several choice selections from popular operas. The individual efforts of some lady members of the society were very creditable, and elicited the warm approval of a nume- rous audience, while the precision with which the choruses were given showed that tho tuition of Mr. Horsley, the conductor, had been taken full advantage of Mr. A. Clerke's performances on the flute formed a very pleasing feature of the entertainment; but some disappointment was caused by the omission from the programme of a trio for the pianoforte, clarinetto, and viola, which could not be performed inconsequence of the absence of the necessary music. It is an- nounced that tho society will perform Handel's oratorio, " The Messiah," on Good Friday Eve. 