PASTORAL LABOURERS. | (Fiom the Argus.) We arc too much in the habit of neglecting the wants and improvement of our bush popula- tion. Out of sight they are out of mind, too ; and while every caprice of towns-people is a matter of study and debate, we can scarcely be said to be even acquainted with the evils which affect so seriously the well being and social con- dition of those who may be called the squatting working class. How great those evils are, we are reminded by Air. Gideon Lang, in his recent address to the Deniliquin Alcchamcs' Institute, a society, a the progress of which we hail with satisfaction as the harbinger of a better era in the bush. Every one who has travelled much in the bush must have observed the miserably unsocial relations which exist, in too many enses, between the squatter and his men, the thoroughly demoralised condition of the class known as " station hands." Living in blank soli tude, or herded together in huts, without wives or families, spending their existence in dreary idleness, or engaged in hardening pursuits, and far from the influences ot civilisation, religious services, or instruction, these men, in any case, arc too much in danger of degencratinginto semi barbarism. Their own improvidence frequently completes their debasement. Every few months of this half savage kind of life it is their regular custom to leave service, and ha.iten to the nearest bush publichousc, to spend every penny of their wages in drink. At all times of the year, the traveller can observe about these bush shanties a number of wild, miserable looking men, either fiercely excited or helplessly prostrated by drink. When their score is nobblensed out, they are quickly warned off the place, perhaps cheated as well as brutalized, and with empty pockets the dispirited outcasts tramp off to seek by a few months' more work the means of their next cheerless debauch. But, unless in shearing time, it being no easy matter to get new employment, the misery these men often suffer in seeking it is extreme, and, however owing to their own im- providence, cannot be contemplated without con- cern. Their difficulties are greatly increased hy a still more debased class than themselves, the class of mero loafers, who live entirely by a system of forced benevolences levied on the squatters. These men spend the whole year in lounging along from station to station, claiming at each the night's lodging and a daily supply of food, robbing wherever it is safe, and often per- petrating the most atrocious outrages in revenge for denial of hospitality. Some of the most calamitous bush-fires owe their origin to these outlaws. Providing the wanderers of both classes with supplies has proved such a serious burden that many squatters refuse to re- ceive any wayfarers at all, and thus the station bund, returning from his carouse, though really wanting work, is often reduced to the brink of starvation before he finds it. Air. Lang says that at one time he found the expense of supplying the tramps so great, being over £500 a year, that he resolved to turn them all off for the future. However, the first men who caine broke down his resolution. Idle or not idle, criminal or merito- rious, starvation was marked in every line of their haggard faces. Ile took them in, gave them employment, and afterwards learned that they really were Btation men out of work, that they had. travelled over five hundred miles seeking it, and that before they caine to him they had been living a week upon marsh mallows. What makes the recklessness of bush workmen the more deplorable is,_ that they all have it in their power, by the exercise of ordinary prudence, to niuke themselves independent. Their wages are good ; and, unlike employés in settled districts, they can save nearly every penny if they choose. A shepherd can get £50 a year ; £40 of this he could easily put by, and thus, after a very few years' steady service, would have the means of starting himself in some rural industry. If marriage became more general among bush men, they would have greater inducements to steady conduct, and their everyday life would not be of that cheerless hopeless kind which drives them to seek short respites in periodical seasons of intoxication. The voices of children and the welcome of a wife would deprive the loneliest out- station of its dreariness. Nor would the exigen- cies of station work he so incompatible with married life as is sometimes pretended ; certainly not, at least, for that considerable portion of the year during which the position of the huts can be fixed. No prudential motives need restrain mar- riage in the bush, for any einployer_ would wil- lingly provide for the increase of rations to secure the pennancnt service of trustworthy men^ Mr. Lang's suggestion of cheap bush libraries, to supply light and useful reading, is well worthy of the squatters' attention. It is one of those very simple means which can he easily employed, and which may produce the best results. The shep- herd, loitering about all day after his flocks, is likely to be a much better man if he has a news- paper or entertaining book by him, than if he is left to work himself cranky on his own vacant thoughts. " For the sum of £7," says Air. Lang, "the employer could purohaso one hundred volumes, and the library could after- wards be kept up for a couple of pounds a-ycar. Many squatters have such libraries on their stations ; I have had one for twenty years, greatly to the benefit of the men, and, I believe, much to my own profit, for my experience has proved that reading men do not lose their sheep." We hope that the attention of pastoral proprietors will not be directed in vain to this subject. A wise self-interest should prompt them to improve, whet tlic address before us calls in plain but just language, " the miserable relations between them- selves and their workmen." Even some increase of actual expenditure would bo wisely made, if the steady service of careful and cared for men could bo substituted for the haphazard job-work of the half savage nomads who prowl about the country. They must remember, too, that pro- perty fias its duties as well as its rights, mid its duties aro not all performed by (bp mere payment of wages to its workmen as to so many instru- ments of toll. A largo number of squatters show that they appreciate tlieso truths, and know how to combine interest with duty, and wo trust that their example will not be lost upon thir brethren. 