THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1866. In congratulating the colonists upon the victory which has been gained over the Imperial Government in the mat- . ter of transportation, we trust we can do so without indulging in any unseemly exultation over the mother-country. The home papers are particularly impressive in their exhortations to the colonists not to take undue advantage of their triumph ; but the advice would have come with a better grace had it been accompanied with only a little know- ledge. On behalf of our own colonists we may say that we require none of the teaching which The Times is so gene- rously lavishing upon us. We have never forgotten our duty to the mother- country in all this contro- versy. We have done nothing, as a colony, which might warrant any sus- picion of our loyalty, or which might call for the homilies of the English press as to the necessity of moderation. We have waged our long battle against con- victism purely out of a spirit of duty - a spirit which could not belong to us if we were not true and loyal children of England. We have asked for nothing but that we should be freed from a curse, the infliction of which de- grades us into something lower than a community of Englishmen. We have not insisted upon anything at variance with our duty as British citizens. We have not carried on the contest out of any motive less righteous than the duty which we owe to ourselves and to our children. This has been no question of allegiance - no dispute about the formal terms of our connexion with the British Crown. We have sought only to free the soil which is England's, and which is to be the future home of Englishmen, from a pollution at once shameful, injurious, and unnecessary. Therefore it is not likely that, having won the battle, we shall be un- able to enjoy the victory. It is a battle in which we refuse to regard England as defeated, even-though we are victorious. For, as we have all along contended, the damage through transportation has been as much hers as ours. The lecture of our paste-and-scissors contemporary the Home News, is amusing- specially amusing-from the fact that it comes out of the mouth of a journal supposed to be peculiarly adapted for Australian mindsa. In trusting that the history of the late misunderstanding may be " a lesson " to us, the Home News reminds us of that classical joke of the magistrate, who, in dismissing a prisoner from the dock without a stain upon his character, took occasion to hope that it might be " a warning " to him. Let us endeavour to accept the instruction with all due humility, and to profit by it if we can. It is a lesson, indeed, which the colo- nists will not easily forget-a lesson of the gross ignorance which prevails at home as to Australian questions-a lesson of the wantonness with which a great nation can insult a little depen- dency-a lesson of the enormous weight of inertia which has to be overcome before a real Australian grievance can seriously be brought home to the Eng- lish mind-a lesson of the almost indifference with which an Australian wrong is regarded-a lesson, for the hundredth time, repeated, of the dense ignorance which prevails in the official English mind as to the true temper and feeling of Australians. The battle has not been fought in vain, if only it has served to dispel a few of the popular prejudices at home against Australia, and if it has taught a little geography in high places, and made the principal organs of British intelligence even dimly acquainted with the fact that Melbourne is not Botany Bay, nor Queens- land Western Australia. During the whole course of this controversy, we may remark that the ignorance, dis- played by all the principal English journals, as well as by English states- men, of even the true nature of our com- plaint, has been so profound as to make even their advocacy of our claims almost ludicrous. If the same amount of knowledge had to bear on the affairs of Montenegro or of Tripoli, those eminent writers and politicians would have been covered with shame and confusion. But in regard to Australia, there is a general licence to blun- der. Not even The Times, certainly the most "strenuous of our friends, thinks it to be its duty to be a little informed as to the state of matters. While urging our view of the case, it continues to represent the question purely as one of expediency-to ignore the real grievance of which we com- plain-to distort our arguments, and to blunder about our facts. Up to the last, it insinuates that we are indebted for the tardy justice which we are about to receive, not so much to the abstract equity of our claim as to the generosity of the Imperial Government. It persists in arguing as though the colony of Western Australia was on an equal footing with the colonies of Victoria or South Aus- tralia, and in demanding for the " opi- nion" of the former the same considera- tion which we claim for the opinion of the latter. It does not choose to recol- lect that the one is a mere gaol, a peniten- tiary at large, where every one is either a convict, or hass been a convict, or lives by convicts, while the others, no matter what they may have been origi- nally, are now free communities, endowed with free institutions, and thus credited by the Imperial au- thorities themselves with the pos- session of all those moral qualities necessary to a free state. Again, The Times, with nearly all the other British journals, continues to believe, in spite of our protestations, that the only danger against which we require protection, is the danger from convicts escaping from Western Australia into the free colonies. Yet it has been repeatedly shown that the danger was but a trifling one from this source-that this was not the great evil of which we complained-that the immigration of those who had been convicts was quite as injurious to us as those who were still under sentence; and that, so far as our own interests were concerned, the pollution was equally great whether the persons who came hither from Western Australia were felons in the present or had been felons in the past. While we trust that we are suffi- ciently grateful for the concession made to us by the Imperial Government, we cannot allow that the boon is so entirely one-sided as The Times would have us suppose. We believe, as we have repeatedly proved, that transport- ation, if it was a curse to us, was no benefit to England, and certainly of no good to Western Australia. Therefore there should be some moderation in the demands which are made upon us for our gratitude. If we are thankful to be relieved of our old sore, it is a thank- fulness in which the people of England are as much bound to participate as our- selves. Both parties are well rid of a common nuisance, and it is in this spirit that we invite our English friends to join us in forgetting that such a mise- rable dispute should ever have been suffered to spoil the good-feeling be- tween the two countries. The Land Bill passed its final stages in the Legislative Assembly last night. The only obstacle to the presentation of the budget being thus removed, the House will be prepared, this evening, to hear Mr. Ver- don on Finance. A strange story was related by Mr. Carpen- ter to the Legislative Assembly yesterday. A man who for a long time past has been living a respectable life at Prahran, -who has been in the employ of Mr. Enoch Chambers, and has brought up a large family, has just been arrested at the instance of the Tasmanian Government on the ground that he absconded from that colony when undergoing sentence as a convict, some twelve years ago. Both Mr. Michie and Mr. Crews spoke to the good character which the man had borne in this country. The former gentleman also stated that in 1862 a practice prevailed in Tasmania of convicts leaving, not only with the concurrence but almost on the compul- sion of the Government for neighbouring colonies. This, observed Mr. Michie, might be a case of the kind, and, if so, he should be disposed to question the propriety of calling it a case of absconding After some discus- sion, the Chief Secretary expressed his wil- lingness to submit the facts mentioned to the Tasmanian Government. On Friday last, at Adelaide, a deputation from the Aborigines' Friends Association waited upon the Governor of South Australia, to present a petition requesting Hís Excel- lency to order an inquiry to be made into the circumstances attending the shooting of the blackfellow at Adam Bay, on the 8th of Sep- tember last. The Register reports His Excel- lency to have said in reply-" He believed the facts as stated in the address to be exagge- rated ; but he would remind them that he had no means of ascertaining the precise facts of the case from the distance at which he was from the scene of the alleged outrage ; but he had heard the testimony of perfectly disinte- rested parties on the subject, and one of those parties was the gentleman from The Argus newspaper who had been to the Northern Territory. He (His Excellency) had had an opportunity of conversing with that gentle- man on his return. He had no doubt they had seen the account of the Northern Territory by that gentleman, and published in that morn- ing's papers, and he was much pleased at readlng a paragraph relative to the subject in question." His Excellency having read the paragraph he referred to, observed-" That account was written by an impartial person, and one who had an opportunity of conversing with all the persons at the settlement on the subject. He was very much gratified at receiving that testimony." Sir Dominic Daly subsequently promised the deputation that the Government would cause some Inquiry to be made into the affair. The weekly meeting of the Council of the Acclimatisation Society was held, as usual, on Tuesday ; present - Dr. Mueller, Professor M'Coy, and Messrs. F. S. Dobson, H. E. Watts, T J, Sumner, A. Parchas, and S. H. Bindon. Amongst a large number of letters laid before the council was one from the town clerk of Hotham, stating that, in accordance with the request of the council, the mayor had promised to instruct the police to do all in their power to stay the wanton destruc- tion of the waterfowl on the swamps adjacent to North Melbourne. Another letter, from a correspondent at Geelong, says:-"The Preservation of Game Act, which was gene- rally observed throughout the colony, has been of great benefit ; but it is useless to pre- serve the wild-fowl for four months of the year for the benefit of a few men, who in a week or two slaughter every bird that has been so carefully preserved for the benefit of the public at large. Throughout the town of Geelong and surrounding districts find there is a unanimous feeling against the use of swivel-guns on the lakes close to town, say within a radius of twenty miles; and all persons, whether sportsmen or otherwise, can but feel a just indignation at the improvident destruction of ducks, &c;, now going on." Mr. Watts mentioned that he had seen Mr. Selwyn that morning, who had just returned from a trip to the Upper Yarra, in the course of which he had visited the Badger, and seen the salmon fry, which ap- peared in the best of health, and rapidly increasing in size. Dr. Mueller requested, on behalf of the commissioners, that samples of alpaca, angora, and Cashmere wool might be prepared for transmission to the Dublin Ex- hibition, and the secretary was directed to have this done. For want of a quorum, of members the meeting of the Council of the Board of Agri- culture which was called for yesterday did not take place. In the Church Assembly yesterday, Mr. A'Beckett's bill to provide for the constitu- tion of parochial committees and vestries was read a second time by a considerable ma- jority, and some progress made in committee. The bill proposes to enact that it shall be lawful for the persons entitled to vote at any meeting called in accordance with the pro- visions of clause 9 of act No. 2, session 1858, by the trustees of a church or parsonage, to elect at such meeting any persons, not exceed- ing ten in number, being male adult contri- butors of at least £1 to the erection of such church or parsonage, or, being seatholders in such church, contributing, by payment of seat rent or otherwise, £1 per annum towards the funds of such church, to form and be a committee for that year to assist, by advice or otherwise, the trustees in the obtaining con- tributions towards the church or parsonage, or generally towards the funds of such church and in the management of the affairs thereof. Power is then given to the seatholders or annual subscribers, within the meaning of act No. 2, session 1858, clause 12, thereafter annually to elect vestrymen, not exceed- ing ten in number, to form a vestry for the remainder of the year in which they shall be elected, to assist, by advice or otherwise, the churchwardens. In the management of the affairs of the parish. Trustee, churchwardens, and ministers to be entitled to attend meet- ings of the vestry. Every person elected as a member of a church committee or vestry shall, before acting as such, sign a declaration that he is a member of the Church of England, and belongs to no other denomina- tion. There is a clause fully reserving the rights of trustees and churchwardens, as pro- vided by the existing statute. The annual meeting of the Free Presby- terian Church at St. Kilda was held on Tuesday evening last, the Rev. A. Paul in the chair. The financial report, read by the treasurer, showed that, after providing for the ordinary expenses of the congregation, the sum of £365 had been received on account of the building fund, which, with the sum of £95 received on loan, without interest, from members of the congregation, clears the cost of erecting the church, amounting to £1,530. A meeting of shareholders of the East Col- lingwood Gold-mining Company, convened by advertisement, was held last evening, at the Grace Darling Hotel, Smith street. Some forty or fifty shareholders attended, and Mr. E. Wild was called to the chair. The chair- man, in explaining what he conceived to be the objects of the meeting, sald that a dif- ference having occurred between the con- tractor and the directors, the present meeting had been called, he presumed, to give an oppor- tunity to the shareholders to suggest some action by which matters might be harmonised and the works be carried on with spirit. Mr. Glanville, the contractor, was then invited to explain the present state of matters and the reason for the stoppage of the works. He said that having come upon the wash-dirt, and being, he considered, within six or seven feet of the bottom, he as a shareholder of the company had considered that he was consult- ing Its interests to suspend the works, to give the directors an opportunity of securing some of the surrounding ground before the hole was bottomed. He produced a statement of his accounts with the company, to show that he had not been even overpaid, as some of the directors seemed to consider; and asserted that it was not on account of any financial dispute, but solely with the view above mentioned, that he had for a time sus- pended the progress of the works. Mr. Petherick objected altogether to the notion that the contractor had the right to override the authority of the directors, although he gave him credit for acting with the intentions he had stated. He also considered that the summoning of this meeting, for the purposes announced in the advertisement (to which he remarked the authors had not appended their names), was an improper interference between the contractot and the directory, and thought that the question should be left untouched until the general meeting on Friday next. He proposed that the meeting should adjourn until Friday. Dr. Crooke seconded the motion, and defended the action of the directors, who, he stated, had succeeded in securing for the company a most favourably position, more so than any of the share- holders were at present aware of. The motion for adjournment was then put to the meeting and carried, on.which the meeting separated. A meeting of the inhabitants of Williams- town was held in the council chamber of that borough, on Tuesday evening, to decide upon the best means of carrying out a proposition to present the mayor, Mr. Mason, with a testimonial in recognition of his services. Mr. Eider occupied the chair, and addresses were delivered in support of the rmovement, after which a committee was appointed to canvass the town for subscriptions. At the conclusion it was announced that £80 had been already collected. The usual fortnightly meeting of the borough council of St. Kilda was held last evening, the mayor in the chair. After the reading of the correspondence, which was limited in amount and interest, the Mayor narrated the proceedings which had taken place at an interview between a deputation from the council and the Minister of Lands and Survey, relative to the removal of a dilapidated building on the beach, which. had been used as a bathing establishment also, on the desirability of retaining a block of land, known as the Church Reserve, in East St. Kilda, for recreative purposes. Instruc- tlons were to be issued for the objectionable building to be removed ; and for the block of land to be reserved temporarily. The amended estimate of expenditure for the year was submitted, the total amount re- quired being set down at £10,982 8s, of which £7,968 would be expended on public works. The reports of the various com mittees were read and adopted, and the council adjourned. We have to announce that the exclusive right of publishing Mr. Charles Dickens's new serial, Our Mutual Friend, has been accorded to Messrs. Wilson and Mackinnon, by the author, and hisLondon publishers, Messr, Chapman and Hall. The first number wil appear in this week's Australasian, and the tale will be continued until completion, in successive issuesof that paper. A child, three years of age, and dressed in a plaid dress and pinafore, has been lost from a house in Little Lonsdale-street east. The collector of the Benevolent Asylum begs to acknowledge the sum of £10 from the Council of the Borough of Richmond. We have received a copy of the Nelson (N. Z,) Almanac, compiled by J. L. Bailey which seems to contain a mass of well- digested information. The Rev. John Barry, D.D., late president of St. Patrick's College, Melbourne, has been appointed by Cardinal Wiseman to the rectory of St. Bridget's, Baldwin-gardens, London. The veritable original Christy's Minstrels, after a very successful career just concluded in India and China, are en route to Victoria by the Northam, the next mail steamer arrive. Later news from China confirms the rumour that the talented and popular actress Míss Rose Edouin bas been married to Mr. G. Lewis, the theatrical entrepreneur, who has been so successful at Shanghai, &c.; The musical portion of our metropolitan public will be pleased to bear that an effort is io be made to give them the opportunity of witnessing the performance of the more popular musical works of the day. A num- ber of first- class performers, including Messrs C. E, Horsley, King, E. King, Thomas, Mon- tague, Schott, and Arndorf (as instrumen- talists), and Slgnor Castelli, Miss Liddle Miss Fanny Reeves, and others, have formed themselves into a company, and a series of concerts will be given in the Polytechnic-hall Bourke-street, commencing on Monday next. The music chosen will consist of operatic morceaux, and overtures, the better class of dance music, and such other inscrumental and vocal pieces as are of sufficient excellence, and yet suited to a general audience. A promenade concert will take place in the Botanic gardens on Saturday, in aid of the funds of the Melbourne Hospital. Miss Octavia Hamilton, Madame Stuttaford, Miss Liddle, and Mr. T. Ewart have kindly given their services, and the performances of these favourite vocalists, in conjunction with the music of the Head quarters Band, will no doubt result in a most successful entertain- ment. The Keilor Road Board is about to es- tablish a new toll, and in consequence con- siderable opposition has been manifested by those who will suffer therefrom, namely, the farmers and others at Bacchus Marsh and the Pentland Hills. A deputation from the Bac- chus Marsh Road Board was yesterday intro- duced by Mr. M. L. King and Mr. J. C. Riddell, who represent that district in the Legislative Assembly, to the Hon. the Acting Commissioner of Roads and Bridges, that they might lay lay the matter before the Government. They pointed out that this extra toll would in effect put a charge of 8s. 6d, per ton on all goods sent to Melbourne that way, and thus become a very great burden. Mr. Phelan, who re- presented the Keilor Road Board, was also present, and mentioned that that body hav- ing spent £3,000 or £4,000 on the road, were compelled to fix a fresh toll to raise enough money for repairs. There was not a single person at Keilor who had otherwise any in- terest in establishing this extra charge, which he contended would not amount to more than 1s. per ton. After some discussion, Mr. Sullivan pointed out that as the toll had been proclaimed on December 12th last, the Government could, in fact, do nothing, as its power to suspend a toll could only be ex- ercised when a road was impracticable or in a ruinous state. He suggested that both parties should try and amicably arrange to include the Melton toll in that at Keilor, or else that there should be a reduction in charge. The interview then terminated. A sad accident occurred near Footscray, yesterday. Charlotte Lucas, aged about twelve years, was endeavouring to obtain water from a quarry, when she fell in and was drowned. The mother of the girl was nearly drowned in trying to effect a rescue. Shortly before ten o'clock last evening a fire occurred on the premises of Mr. Ervin, draper, 60 Gertrude-street, Collingwood. It was extinguished by the Fitzroy brigade, but not before considerable damage was done. Both stock and building were insured. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday, at St. Kilda, upon the body of John Burges, aged five month, son of John Burges, a storeman employed in Melbourne. The child had not been attended by a medical man before his death, which occurred on the 17th inst., and the police having reason to believe that the case was one of culpable neglect, the inquest was instituted. The evidence of the father showed that the child's mother was somewhat addicted to drink, but he stated that she had always received sufficient money from him to provide for the family. Dr. Van Hemert stated that about a mouth ago the child was brought to him. It was then in a very emaciated state. On making a post-mortem examination of the body he found that it was greatly emaciated; it was nearly bloodless, and the Intestines contained not a particle of food. The cause of death was, he considered, starvation from neglect. The jury found that deceased died from want of proper and suffi- cient food. An inquest was held by the city coroner, at the Melbourne Hospital, yesterday, upon the body of Julius Pache, known as Charley Fisher, a Sandridge cabman, who died on Monday, from the efftcts of heavy drinking, At half-past four o'clock on Monday morning the deceased went to the Sandridge Watch house and complained to the police-sergeant that some men were following him about for the purpose of doing him some injury, and begged to be locked up for safety. Seeing that he was under the influence of delirium tremens, and greatly excited, the sergeant put him into the lock-up, and some hours after he was taken before the Bench and re- manded for a week for medical inquiry. While in court he told his wife that he was very ill, and would not get over it. At four o'clock on the afternoon of the same day his wife took a cab to the watchhouse to convey deceased to the hospital, He was placed in the car and driven off, but he died just on his arrival at the hospital. He had been drinking heavily for some tlme previously. Dr. Mackenzie, who made the post- mortem examination of the body, at tributed the death of the deceased to alcoholic poisoning, and a verdict to that effect was returned by the jury. Several holders of grocers' licences under the Publicans Act were summoned before the District Court yesterday, on the complaint of selling without a licence, they having failed to renew their licences at the time appointed. In each case where the complaint was sub- stantiated the Bench inflicted a fine of £5 with 23s. 6d. costs. Five or six of the cases were postponed till to- day. A case of assault of a very grave character was investigated at the Emerald- hill Police Couirt yesterday. In this case Charles Morriss was charged with assaulting Benjamin Walker on the 16th inst., with intent to do grievous bodily harm. The prosecutor Walker is a storeman, living in Bourke-street. On the afternoon of the 26th inst. he went, accom- panied by an acquaintance named Washing- ton Wilson, to the Albion Hotel, Emerald- hill, where a game of bagatelle was arranged between Walker and Wilson on one side, and the landlord (Mr. Walsh) and a man named Bourke on the other. On going into the bagatelle- room they saw the prlsoner there, sitting .beside the table. He was rather the worse for liquor, the others were sober. The landlord asked the prisoner to move out of his way, when he went to the other side of the table, and began to use some unpleasant words to Wilson. Walker inter- fered, and told him to leave them alone, as they did not want any wrangling with him. Some words passed, and Walker struck the prisoner with his open hand on the face, and the landlord turned prlsoner out of the room. Some ten or fifteen minutes after, prisoner was seen by one of the party to be looking round the corner of the door. Just after- wards the sound of a blow was heard, an Walker exclaimed that he was struck, and put his hand to his head. Prisoner was seen at the same time to pass out of the door. Walker said that he thought he was struck with a bottle, and that there was a piece of glass in the wound. On ex- aminlng his head, Wilson told him that it was the broken bone which he felt. Dr. Haig was called in, and the prisoner, who had not left the honse, was secured and given into the charge of a constable. When taken to the watch-house, he admitted that he had com- mitted the assault, and said that he was sorry that he had not killed the wretch. Walker was taken to his house, and was there attended by Dr. Haig, who had to remove from his head several large portions of the skull which were pressing on the brain. The day after the assault, as his life was considered to be in danger, his deposition was taken by Mr. Sturt, P.M. He had, however, since re- covered, and was able to attend at the hearing of the case yesterday. There was nothing the evidence to show with what weapon the wound had been inflicted, none of the wit- neeses having actually seen the blow struck. The wound was a cut of about four inches in length, such as could be made by a blow with a sharp axe. There was also a cut through the hat of Walker, such as a weapon of that kind would cause. At the wood-heap in the yard, on which the bagatelle-room opened, there were two axes lying on the day in question, and they had been taken pos- session of by the police, and carefully examined for traces of blood. There was, however, nothing about them to indicate that either of them had been used in the assault. But on this point Dr. Haig thought that the wound might have been inflicted by one of tho axes without any trace of blood remaining on the weapon. This was the effect of the statements of the four witnesses examined ; and the prisoner was committed to take his trial. Yesterday, at Sandridge Police Court, John Chenowith, alias John Barrase, was charged with stealing forty yards of flannel from the shop of Mr. W. Cruikshank, draper, but the case was remanded untll the following day. J. Hogan, complained against for making use of obscene language, was also remanded until the next day. A charge of drunkenness, in which the culprit was admonished and dis- charged, completed the business before the Court. Dr. Plummer was the magistrate on the bench. At the Richmond Police Court yosterday, George Wilson and his son, Richard M. Wil- son, were charged with being illegally on the premises of E. H. Smith, and refusing to leave when ordered to do so. The case arose out of a dispute as to the title of some property which both the plaintiff and the older defen- dant claimed. The magistrates convicted each defendant in a nominal penalty of 1s. and £1 1s. costs. William Lamb was summoned to show cause why he should not contribute to the maintenance of his wife, Mary Lamb. He was ordered to pay her 7s. 6d. per week. On returning home after the case had been dis- posed of his wife followed him, and threw a number of stones at him. She was about to throw another when he attempted to seize her by the bands, and she hit him a severe blow on the head with the stone which she held in her hand. The Court was still sitting, and the woman was brought up charged with the assault, and committed to gaol for three months, A long list of civil business was ad- judicated upon, but the cases were all unim- portant. At the Brunswick Police Court yesterday, Frederick House, proprietor of the Pentridge Hotel, Pentridge, was summoned to answer the complaint of Police- Constable Wilson for selling certain liquors on Sunday last. The defendant admitted having supplied two tra- vellers on horseback with drinks, but stated be was unaware that "travellers on a journey" did not form an exception, as in the old act. The Bench, on the intimation of the policeman that he had previously cau- tioned the defendant, inflicted a fine of 20s., and 5s. costs. A man named Frederick Pearce, a clerk in the employment of Mr. Oharles Brodie, go- vernor of the Geelong gaol, was yesterday committed for trial by the Geelong bench of magistrates on a charge of embezzlement. Mr. Farrell, the landlord of the Court-house Hotel, had given Pearce a letter containing a cheque for £10 to hand to Mr. Brodie, and Pearce opened the letter, abstracted the cheque, and cashed it. The three young men, John Carroll, Moses Stoneham, and David M'Alister, remanded on Wednesday week by the Geelong Bench, charged with robbing an old man named Henry Halpin, on the 26th of December last, of £45, were placed before the same Bench yes- terday, and fully committed to take their trial for the assault and robbery. Another destructive bush-fire, caused by the careless use of matches, has taken place in the Werribee district. A man while cross- ing the Wyndham Town Common lighted his pipe and threw the match among the grass, which immediately ignited. Notwith- standing the exertions of the man himself and the persons who came to his assist- ance, the fire continued to spread, and was not got under until upwards of 10,000 acres of the finest pasture in the colony had been consumed. This is the third fire which has occurred in the neighbourhood of the Werri- bee within the past fortnight, destroying in the aggregate upwards of 80,000 acres of splendid feed. It is stated by the Wood's Point Times (a new journal, of which we received the first number on Tuesday) that the works connected with the line of electric telegraph to Wood's Point are being actively pushed forward be- tween Longwood and Jamieson, The work between Jamieson and this township are to be commenced immediately. The Sydney Herald of the 12th inst.acknow- ledges files from Tahiti to the 19th Novomber. The Messager states that the cultivation of cotton is being actively carried out in the countty districts of Tahiti. Comte Emile de Ia Ronciere arrived at Papieti on the 11th October. He was recognized in the double capacity of commandant of the French esta- blishments in Oceania and Imperial com- mlssary at Tahiti. The Murray Gazelle reports " that bush fires are still raging on both sides of the river, and are doing considerable damage. Nearly the whole of the feed on the Gold-fields Common has been destroyed. It is stated that attempts have been made on the New South Wales side of the river to increase the mischief done by accidental fires by incendiarism. An en- deavour was made to destroy the crops of Messrs. Brown Brothers, and it is shrewdly suspected that this is not the only effort of the kind which has been made." We have Western Australian papers to the 15th ult. There is no news of any import- ance. By the City of Adelaide, we have Queens- land papers to the 15th December. The Peak Downs Telegram states that 500 Chínamen are on their way to the diggings there. A monster king-fish, weighing 7001b., was shown on Tuesday, in the shop of Messrs Joseph and Co., Bridge street. Ballarat, The Ballarat Evening Post of last night says :-" Suspicion of the murder of Marga- ret Graham has fallen on her stepfather. The facts which have given rise to this suspicion are that a pipe was found upon the mantle- piece on the morning of the murder, which was not there when Graham left on the night previous. This pipe has since been identified as having been in the possession of Tatham (the stepfather) on the day preceeding the tragedy. In addition to this, a younger sister of the murdered woman states that Tatham left his bed and the house on the night of the murder, and had not returned when she went to sleep. The police conslder the information of sufficient importance to warrant thelr placlng Tatham under sur- veillance." We have received a letter from a corres- pondent, " Fair Fares," complaining of the exorbitant car fares charged to Brunswick and Pentridge, and proposing that the residents of these two places should form a company to effect a reduction of them to a reason- able amount. The success of the Hotham Car Company, who have reduced the fares to half the former sum, and the reduction of the fare to Carlton to one-half, 3d., give promise of the accomplishment of the object desired, should such a company be formed. At a public meeting, held at Yea on the 18th inst., Mr. Webster in the chair, it was resolved to get up a petition to the Govern- ment from the inhabitants of Dullingford, Yea, Whittlesea, Broadford, and Kilmore, for a sum of money to be spent on the road between Darlingford and Yea, Yea and Whit- tlesea, and Yea and Broadford. At the Haymarket Theatre last evening there was a slight change of performance, " Cool as a Cucumber" having taken the place of "A Practical Man". Haymarket audiences are so familiar with Mr. Hoskins's clever per- sonation of Mr. Plumper that it is only requi- site to say that the piece was, as formerly, most successful. The theatre was well at- tended. The number of visitors to the National Museums of natural history, geology, and economic geology, applied to mining, agri- culture, and the arts, for the week ending 14th January was 944. To the mining model room, in the new building, 1,375. The mu- seums are open to the public dally (Sundays excepted), from ten a.m. till five p.m., in the north side of the University and in the un- finished portion of the National Museum building, at the back of the University. The great meteorite, half of which was presented by Mr. Bruce to the Melbourne Museum on condition of the Government paying the expense (£100) of bringing it to town, and reserving the right for the trustees of the British Museum to cut off half at their own expense (see The Argus of 3rd December, 1862), may be shortly sent to England. Colonists desiring to see this most remark- able specimen can probably have only a short time for doing so. 