AGRICULTURAL. I THE CROPS. Of the harvest in tho Kyneton district, the Kyneton Observer has tho following:-"It is a gratifying fact to be able to note, after a BeaEon of great sevority and after anticipa- tions of almost total ruin to the farmers, that a harvest comparatively good is tho result in this district. The almost unexampled con- tinuance of dry weather very naturally led to the belief that all but a failnre would ho tho result, and many farmerB in the dis- trict, to our own knowledge, had formed dreary impressions of the future before them inconsequence. It is, therefore, a most wel- come statement to make, and which we are enabled to make, that so far from being a failure, there 1B every prospect, if tho fine wea- ther last and hands eau be obtained, that the harvest this year will be comparatively a good one. Tüe wheat in most part3 of the district has far exceeded the expectations of the farmers themselves; and although the oat crop" generally Í3 light, even it is better than was expected, while in a few instances soma very excellent oat crops havo been ob- tained. Hay is scarce everywhere, and will no doubt obtain high prices. In tho neigh- bourhood of Redesdale and the Plains the hay harvest, such as it was, has long been over, and the wheat and oats aro now nearly oil reaáy for tho machine. This locality suffered more, perhaps, than any other from the drought, and crops are consequently lighter, tbero than in other parts. The farmers in that neighbourhood, being earlier than the rest of the district, havo escaped, in a measuro, ono evil-the difficulty of obtaining men to assist in gathering in the harvest, as they were ablo to employ hands when others had not commenced. Around Barfold and the Green- hill,' Black-hill, &c;, there ore some very fair wheat crops ; tho oats, as in other places, being light. We saw, on Thursday, a sample of wheat from Barfold, rubbed by hand, quite equal to any of last season's. In this neigh hourbcod the same complaint, with regard to the want of hands, ÍB noticeable ; but we find that many farmers, anticipating the scarcity, wisely provided for it by going to town themselves and engaging men, insuring by this means sufficient labour, and also in a great measure doing away with tho necessity of engaging tho disreputable characters who always put in an appearance at harvest time. Around Woodend, Newham, Rochford, Lancefield, &c;, tho same remarks, with refer once to the crops, will hold good. The wheat is very good, oats light ; but both botter than woe expected. In parts of 'the locality all the hay is scarcely in, and thore is some of a very excellent quality to bo seeu being stacked. The oats, it is expected, will not averngo more than twenty-three bushels to the acre throughout;'but the wheat will be quito equal to previous averages. Buyers tor several of the larger firms have, wo were informed, been round looking at tho crops, offering 9a. and 9s. fld. per bushel. A quan- tity changed hands at these prices, but some prefer holding, under the expectation that 10s. will he obtained. Peas havo beon sown much moro plentifully than usual iu these districts ; but the crops are very poor, and potatoes especially so. Men have benn hired at £2 per week ; but lately they have Btood out for higher wages, and wo have heard as much as 10s. a day being offered and caviled at by the men. In Tylden and Trentham, around Spring hill, and about the Glenlyon district, perhaps some of the finest crops of the season are to be found. The farmers in and about Tylden were heavy losers last year by the bush-fires, and it is gratifying to know that there is a prospect this year of their being somewhat compen- sated for their loss. The hay by the time we write will also have been gathered in, and, though not what is termed a good crop, it is pretty fair for the season. The wheat crop, as a general rule, is really good; the oats are thin and light, but in no case, us far as we could ascertain, can they be considered a failure. In Trentham and about the forest, where the crops are somewhat later, they are if anything better still. Peas have also been plentifully sown in this locality, and with very fair suc cess, some very good crops being the result. The same dearth of labour has been noticed in this part of the district. Men have been engaged at 35s. per week, and their rations, to 'tie up' after the reaping machines, and from 8s. 6d. to 14s. an acre has been paid for picking peas. One instance has come under our observation in which a man, at this latter employment, made his £2 2s. from Tuesday to Saturday. lu Carlsruhe, Piper's Crook, &:., tho Bame remarks with reference to the crops will equally apply. The wheat is good, the ohts light, and the hay indifferent. WageB are high hore, as ekewhore, and men difficult to bs got even at theso high rates. Throughout the entire district, we think we may Bafely assert, the farmers, a3 a rule, ure well satisfied with the prospect of the pusent harvest. It will not be so good as could be desired, or as they looked forward to after the bad harvest 'of last year, but it is much bitter than they expected after wit- nessing tho protracted drought. What they have now to guard against is the after-danger which a dry sen-on rouders so much more imminent, ned thoy cannot take too many precautions against bnsh- firos. We would strongly urge on all the necessity of insuring, in older to be prepared for any contingency ; and we trust to see such steps taken gone rally nB will lessen the chances of such a calamity as that of last season again over- taking us." The Ballarat Star has also the following harvest news:-"The harvest is gradually being brought to a close throughout the dis- trict, and by the end of the present week it will for the most part be concluded. Around Glendaruel and Coghilll Creek n great many fields of wheat aro still standing, although fully ripe moro than a week ago,; and now that they have been loft ripe so long, they will likely be cleared with the stripping m-i cliines, so as to avoid the waste that would necessarily result if reaped, bouud, and threshed in tho usual way. On sevoral farms where harvesting operationa havo boen got well foiward, the tbreshinc* machines have already raid a visit. For the next month or moro these machines will no doubt be kept fully employed, the high priceB at prêtent ruling for wheat being dcubtleis considered an inducement with the farmers to get rid of at least a por- tion of their crop. The yield on Beveral of tho farms where threshing has been partially concluded is very fair,'and would scorn to indicate, if these farms can be taken as any ciiterion, that the snason just concluded will bo at all events fully up to tho average of previous Eeasons. But at present, when threshing is but jost commencing, it would be impossible to form any even approximate estimate of the average yield, tho instances whore the work is well forward being as yet so very few as to render it impossible to form from tbcm any general opinion as to tho pro bablo average yield. A yield of twenty five bushels per aero has been obtained on several farms in Glendaruel, and we have heard of an oven higher yield on other farms in tho district. At Spring-hill, some of the farmers are still busy cutting wheat. Mr. Coffey, who has thirty-six men employed, cut down 100 acres during the week, Messrs. Leishman and Mitchell are all also busy cutting. At Newlyn, Messrs. Pascoe, Bells, Hal-s, Pendergast, and Yelland, with some others, are still busy cut- ting wheat. Tlie crops look excellently well ; and at Scrub-hill the wheat of Messrs. Treth- owen looks in magnificent condition. It is, however, so ripe that it cannot be cut with a machine, and will have to be reaped by hand. At Smeaton Mr. Miller stripped 100 acres of wheat, and it has turned out very well Se- veral farmers there are also busy threshing wheat. Messrs. Anderson Brothers aud Mr. Calder finished threshing wheat on Saturday. January 13, and the yield of each is reckoned at from twenty-five to thirty bushels per acre. Messrs. Anderson have also threshed out a splendid crop of potato oats, which yielded about thirty bushels per acre. Mr. Martin, of Smeaton, who has had forty reapors and three machines employed, was to commence thresh iig wheat on Monday, and the yield is expected, judging from appearances, to be about twenty-five bushels per acre. About Mount Prospect and Bullarook the farmers are busy cutting wheat ; but at Moorakyle-, Smeaton Plains, the cutting is nearly all over, and the farmers are busy drawing in and stacking. At Glendaruel, Cos hill's Creek, and Ascot, the farmers are also busy drawing in and stacking, and some have been threshing,-Mr. Oliver having already purchased a lot of new wheat, and beiug busy grinding. Mr. Or. S. Kemp couimonc.;d threshing wheat on Saturday, and from the yield of grain and general appearanco of the crop, expects to have6,000 bushels. Mr. Fry, of Ascot, is reported to havo purchased saveral parcels of wheat at 10s. per bushel, to bo dell \erid during the earlier part of the week. The labour niatkct is getting easier, and numbers of snagmen are to bo seen on tramp." ____________ IT is said that somu mothers in America havo grown so afioctionato that thoy give their children chloroform previous to whip- ping them. 