THE SOUTH-EAST. fFrom the Border Watch. February 14.1 Dr. Brovtnes Land Sals,— The sale of land advertised to take place on Wednesday, the 7th. was in some respect a great event in our usually oniet town. Crowds of purchasers attended, and although comparatively few of the sections offered were bought still the prices realized on those sold show clearly the estimation in which the land in this district is held. The highest prices realized were £12 lls. and £12 10s. per acre in the Yahl Paddock, and for sections in Caroline £12 9s. and £11 lls. It was unfortunate in one way that the weather should have been so oppressively hot W e have heard numbers of our Adelaide visitors com plain that after hearing so much of the temperate climate of Mount Gambier they should, during their stay, have experienced weather almost as oppressive and of as long continuance as they are accustomed to nearer the metropolis. W e are informed bv the auctioneer that since the day of sale numerous applications have been made for sections at full rates, and one offer is under consideration for a block of some 300 acres at £15 per acre. There seems to be no doubc but that all the land for sale will speedily be occupied and broken up. The sections outside the Yahl Pad dock, Hundred of Gambier, are to be let on easy terms, with right of purchase at seven years. These sections, we believe, contain an area of nearly 9,000 acres, and there is thus an opportunity offered to people of comparatively limited meaus to secure farms for themselves with but a trifling outlay. Believing as we do that property in this district will increase in value every year, we should strongly urge upon those anxious to settle in our neighbourhood the advisability of making an early selection. The Rev. Mr. Needham.— We are glad to learn that the Kev. Mr. Needham is steadily improving in health, and that his medical attendant has more hopes of his recovery now than he had last week. [From a Correspondent] Dr. Browne's land sale, which was held here yesterday, was a signal failure, only some five or six lots being sold. The highest price obtained was £12 lls. per acre. The bidding for some of the best sections was spirit ed. but as they did not come up to the reserve they were bought in. The reserves were:— Best quality, £12 10s. ; second. £8; third, £6; and inferior, £3peracre. The 'talk is' that the reserves were all too high ; that promising as farmers' prospers are, and favourable as the district is for farming, it cannot pay to give such prices for land. The Doctor will, however, be able to sell a large quantity privately, as there are not a few who would venture to come up pretty close to his reserve. The Inspector of Schools (Mr. Dewhirst) is here, and lias been making a tour of visitation through our schools. He has chosen a bad time of the year, as so many children are detained at home to help in farm-work. He finds the schools here, as a whole, not more than what they ought to be ; the standard of education in some of them being very low. The country schools were almost deserted, the average attendance at each _ for the mouth being under a dozen. Mr. Dewhirst proposes to make the teachers pass an examination before having their licences renewed after the present year. I hope the Board will acquiesce. It will be a great protection to the public. The standard of education is far too low in the country districts. Mr. Percy Hedley, a young man who has been living here for some years, died somewhat suddenly on Sunday afternoon. He had been very intemperate in his habits, but did not appear to be worse on that day than he had been for some time. He was out till about 4 o'clock, when he went into the house, lay down, and 10 minutes after he was found dead. Harvesting is drawing to a close. There will be a splendid average this year— not under 20 bushels. Thirty and 35 bushels is a common crop. The steam thrashers— four in number— are all busy at work. The weather continues awfully hot. Judging by appearances, bush-fires must be common in the district at present. ? 