FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1866 In another column we give the scheme framed by Ministers for the carrying out of the 3rd clause of the "Act to Amend " the Law Relating to the Pensions of u Responsible Officers," and also .a list of the ex-Ministers who have already claimed and received their dividends under the act. Of the accumulated pension fund of £10,000, £3,795 has already been paid away, and so much of the remainder as is not claimed before the 27th of the present month will (in terms of the 4th clause of the act) be paid into the consolidated revenue.' As to whether it is just and proper m , ra, - ) t f . { V/ i f \ I,, jl.,'». ). » I non-Ministerial claimants upon this fund to demand and receive their respective shares, we offer no opinion. Gentlemen who entertain strong view3 on the sub- ject of pensions, will probably keep aloof from the unholy thing altogether (especially if the sums Coming to them are inconsiderable) ; but we admit that we can see nothing very seri- ously amiss in the conduct of those who act otherwise. Not having at- tained to the sublime moral elevation from which Mr. HIGINBOTHAM surveys men and things (and especially importers of soft-goods), we can see no great harm in people taking what is legally their own, and in taking which they injure nobody to any appreciable extent. But it is a different matter when members of the present Administration I claim their shares of the fund. The act under which the money is being paid was introduced by themselves no doubt in consequence of another member, Mr. J. H. BROOKE, having given notice of his intention to bring in a bill for the abolition of pensions but still with such apparent sincerity and earnestness as gained for them the character of stern and uncompromising opponents of pensions in any shape. In introducing the bill, on April 14, 1864, Mr. M'CTJLLOCH described it as one designed^ to " abolish pensions ^' to responsible officers altogether ;" and in this view his colleagues seemed wholly to concur. Has anything happened in the interim to alter the aspect of affairs? Are pensions to ex-Ministers any less objectionable now than they were then ? Except that since the date at which the bill was introduced Minis- ters have had twenty months' longer enjoyment of the sweets of office, we know of no change in the circumstances of the case, and we think it will task even Mr. MICHIE'S ingenuity to find in that a reason for doing now what then he repudiated the bare mention of with such indignation and scorn. . > Yet Mr, MICHIE has taken the money. His £239 17s., and Mr. VERDONAS £503 6s. 3d., have been duly paid, and even after deducting the very liberal dona- tions to the various local charities, with which the latter has been credited in our columns during the past few days, a pretty little sum will remain to him perhaps quite- enough to compensate for the damage which his character will sustain by the transaction. Eut the Minister of Justice does not come so well out of the affair. In the first place, his amount is not so large as Mr. VEBDON'S. Then he has not given anything to the Orphan Asylum, so far as the public are aware, to take the edge off the popular disapprobation of his greed and inconsistency. And in the third place, he was so very emphatic in his repudiation, on behalf of self and colleagues, of any design upon the ten thousand pounds, that his now taking his share is, even in him, flagrantly) absurdly inconsistent. On the whole subject of pensions he took very high ground during the discussion on the second reading of the bill. Mr. O'SHA-; KASSY, in the course of the argument, claimed some credit for the pension system on the ground that it acted as a stimulus to exertion in the field of politics, which elicited from Mr. MICHIE the demand, " Of what worth could the " political ao'tivity be that was . to be "excited by*prospect of a pension?" For his part, "he would rather remit the1 " government of the country to Down " ing-street than run such a risk." Mr. J. H. BROOKE took an active part in the debate, and suffered very severe castigation at the hands of the Minister of Justice. With a degree of suspicious-^ ness which at the time seemed to savour of meanness, he hesitated to accept Mr. M'CULLOCH'S assurance that the members of his Administration would make " no claim for pensions, or " as inchoate right-holders," and asked for some guarantee to that effect,' whereupon Mr. MICHIE became veiy, angry indeed. "The moral exhi-, " bition of himself, made by the honi " member for Ea3t Geelong, surprised " even him (Mr. MICHIE) who had neverj " had a very high opinion of that " hon. gentleman's political integrity.'! " He " (Mrr BROOKE) " was trying to « fix dirt on the Ministry to make poli-' " tical capital ; or, if he did not believe " in it, he must have been speaking " from a sort of consciousness that he " himself was capable of a similar " action; for had he not been in that " state of mind he could not have " assumed that the Ministry would take « the course he suggested." This was very severe, and must have made Mr. BROOKE feel heartily ashamed of his conduct if he had any capacity for feel- ing ashamed. But he is at last fully vindicated ; and that which twenty months since seemed unworthy sus piciousness now turns out to have been sagacious foresight. Who is making a " moral exhibition " of himself now ? I Not the hon. and very experienced member who foresaw in May, 1864, that sooner or later Ministers' palms would itch for their shares of the ten thousand pounds, but the virtuous and high- | minded gentleman who rebuked his base | suspicions with such virtuous wrath, and in the end has had to come down from his pedestal and seize upon his share of the spoil. Truly this £239 17s. Id. is the dearest money (not to use a stronger word) that ever Mr. MICHIE earned ! How insinuating and interesting the cry, " Protection to native industry ." It appeals directly to the sympathies of tho benevolent, and implores them to aid the injured and oppressed ! It appeals, too, to pur citizenship and patriotism. How can we resist the plea that the indus- trious should have fair scope- for their energies ? «And. should not our country have the first ' claim on our regard, «whether it is ours by birth or adoption ? Nothing, so far, can be clearer. Then, if the case has been fairly put, those who oppose the schemes of the protectionists are selfish and unpatriotic, or besotted and blind, and your importers and tradesmen are leagued together to glut the market with foreign products, and to render native manufactures all but impossible. - - - But never was there a falser cry, and never was there a case moro unfairly pre .i«i ._ » . . H t < i-ijt sented. The proposal for discriminative duties, with a view to foster native manufactures, ia, as we have shown ad 7iameam, a proposal to make the bulk of the community pay more for the necessaries which they use; and not probably for a limited time, as protectionists allege, but in per- petuity. Such has been the effect already of that tampering with the revenue attempted in the late tariff. The price of ladies' boots, for example, has never receded to what it was before the tariff was introduced, and such has been the case with many, if not with the? majority, of the articles included in it. It might have been supposed that when the tariff was removed, prices would immediately have receded to their former rate. Experience shows, how- ever, that when the transactions of com- merce are subjected to extraneous in^ faiences, they do not readily recover their former tone and healthiness. But the effects from which we are suffering, per- haps temporarily, would be permanently experienced should the tariff be re-im- posed, and the whole community must pay for an indulgence shown to particu- lar trades. Instead, therefore, of speak- ing of protection to native industry, if these are the effects which result from such attempts to effect the object-and we believe that they are inevitably so it would be more correct to speak of native industry promoted at an increased cost to the consumer ; or, more plainly put, PETER robbed for the payment of PAUL. NOW, if there is a debt due to PAUL, we protest against injustice to others being resorted to for the purpose of discharging our obligations to him. Before a community should resort to any artificial methods to adjust the rights of industry, it should be| shown that they exist, Wheie, however, are the native rights which have been' prejudiced by the operations of com- merce? We confess that we know of none. There were various industries in a nascent state when the late tariff was introduced, which have mostly continued to progress ever since, but it cannot, with truth, be declared that they were favoured by the introduction of the tariff, or that they have been impeded by its withdrawal. Nor has a single case been shown in which any industry would probably be introduced if a mo- derate protective duty were imposed, which would not thrive better upon the¡ basis upon which enterprise in free com- munities usually rests. Before we are called upon to protect native industry, it should be shown what is the native industry to be protected. Until this is done, we are justified in regarding the cry, " Protection to native industry," as the cry of the ignorant, or of the in- terested and designing. Ii Parliament were under the neces- sity of raising £150,000 of revenue, and| it were thought best to raise it wholly, or in part from the Customs, the problem1 would be how to obtain it with the least possible impediment to trade ; and the scale of duties once determined upon, the business of the port,* and the cost, of imported articles to the community, would be ascertained, and the various interests involved would soon come to be adjusted. But the late tariff,1 if re imposed with one eye to revenue and v> ith the other to incidental protection to native industry, will operate to the permanent injury of trade, and without any appreciable benefit to colonial manu-* factures. If, on the other hand, the latter object were sought to be artificially promoted, we would advocate the scheme of direct and sufficient bounties, as pro- posed by Mr. S. G. KING, at North Melbourne, on "Wednesday night. The present miserable pittance voted by Parliament in aid of this object can never be effectual. The amount pro- posed by Mr. KING has always ap-' peared to us to be little enough for the purpose. Were a board to be, constituted like the Manufacturers' As- sociation, but of better materials, pie rniums might be offered which would lead to the outlay of capital upon ma- nufactures likely to be remunerative, and while they were m course of being established, we should not be called ujion to pay an enhanced price for the commodities which we consume. The colonial-made article, when put into fair competition, both a3 to price and quality, with that imported, if better and as cheap, would soon drive the other out of the market. A scheme of the kind which we now advocate, would conduce to the end which all regard as desirable, without' involving any sacrifice while the result was at all doubtful, and when the new manufacture was fairly established, the premium would be well bestowed in the interests of the community in regard' to a good which had been actually accomplished, and the fact of its public bestowment would be an advertisement of the most sufficient kind. Had " our trusty1 " and well-beloved " Mr. Conimisáoner FRANCIS taxed his ingenuity to devise a scheme of this kind, instead of that tariff which has brought his name into such unenviable prominence be- fore the community, he would have done something to approve his sagacity as well as his courage. At present he stands, with his colleagues, committed to a fight with those who represent the commercial interests of the colony, and if perchance the Ministry should achieve a triumph, it will be one which they will have reason ever after to deplore ; for they will have gamed'it, to a cer- tainty, at the expense of an injury to the trade of the port, and an increaso of expense to every family in the country, while the cause of " native industry" will not have been promoted to any appreciable degree. All the telegraphic stations in New South Wales will be oloBed to day (Friday), be twee- ter, and five o'clock, ia connequenca of the day bting set apart by the Bister colony for humiliation and prayer on account of the long- continued drought. The following are the amounts Bet apart for the several ' ex-Ministers named, on ac- count of thoir inchoate claim B to pensions uiider the Constitution Act, viz. :--Messrs. O. Sladen, £857 2e. 4d. ; 0. Pasley, £3572j.ád ; T. H. Fellows. £443 3a. 2d. ; It S. W. SitwelL £1013s. 2d. ; J. Goodman, £018a. : J. O'Sha nassy, £941 29. lOd. ; J. V.F.L. Fosier, £37 6*. 2d. ; H S. Chapman, £191 2a. 7d. ; J. D< Wood, £388 le. 7d. ; 'A. F. A. Greeves, £88 Oi. lOd. ¡ G. S. W. Home, £273 7a. 2d. ¡.0. Hi íj > tl/A . i >. i ' A ' ' 2< , Mu Ue,>. , , i k ..'(«,.'!) i I Ebden, £25917s. IdT; A. Michie, £230 ¿u J. M'Culiocb, £776 13s. 5d. ; D. Moorll 17a."Id.; G. Harker, £453 16_. id.-M Evatis, £166 19a. lid. ; T. Adamson, £99 fl C. King, £22 U. 7d. : J. Servie?, £236 ojl V. Py ke, £302 6s. lOd. ; J. B. Bailey, jg| 5d. ; J. G. FranciB, £463 le. 2d. ; J." F. ÍM £202 10.. 10d.; G. P. Verdon, £503 (M J. H. Brooke, £268 15i.9d.¡ J. S.Johffl £514 las. 8d.j'B. S. Anderson, £513 Iffl T.' Loader, £62 8s. 9d. ; G. S. Brodie, £9 li F. Sullivan, £119 Ila.'; B. 0. Aepiuall, S 9d. ; G. Higinbotham, £235 5a. 8jS Hervey, £234 10s. 6d. ; J. M. Grant, £2H Id. ; H. Miller, £453 l63. 4d. The anl udded together make, op tbe £10,000 j had accumulated at the date of the pi of the Act to Amend the Law relating J Pet s iona of Responsible Officers, whjH obtained the Royal aaeent on the'» January, 18G5. By the terms of the sB all sums not claimed within a year fra date of the passing of the act, sha]] ni into the consolidated revenue. DoiSi yesterday afternoon the following genJg only had claimed and obtained their t|| tive payments, viz. :-Messrs. Greeves, MS Fellows, Wood, Aepinall, Horne, lS| Verdon, Michie, Anderson, Miller, 3H and Loader. W Kotwithttanding the receipt of thal news, we are informed that the ladies of whose direction the new search aftes Leichardt has been instituted do not Ino to abandon their enterprise. Thought loss of BO many horses is a severe j they may be replaced. The party has the country mo_t liable to drought ti hind, and Mr. M'Intyre while approa:U| the northern tracts of Australia will on g lines of the Thomson and Flinders rivers hR a comparatively well-watered route. Atffi heads of these rivers provisions in lam quantities are already stored for the pam The summer rains of the Golf territlj will, the promoters of the search party thln|j facilitate the progress of the party frog thence westward. This is an instance wham the %alus of the dromedaries will be testera Noce of them has been lost, according to despatches sent from Dr. Murray to thal Hon. Dr, Wilkie and to Dr. Mueller, althougn all the horses had to be abandoned. Mrl M'lntjre went from the Paroo to the Baloo! and thence to near the junction of Cooper.! Creek and the Thomson River, on a route! previously explored by himself, which in any! ordinary feeason is easily tra versatile, bat which the drought has rendered so difficult, There can be no-eerious difficulty it h thought in reconstructing the party. The annual meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria waB held in the board- room of the Melbourno Hospital, on Wednesday even ing, the president, Dr. Martin, in the chair, The honorary treasurer, Dr. Fetheraton, reid the financial report, from which it appeared that, after paying all expenses due by the ijpciety, a balance of nearly £30 remained ia hand. The honorary librarian, Dr. Neild, presented a report of the condition of the library, which had been enriched dering the past year by some valuable workä presented by Dr. Mueller. The election of officers for the ensuing year then took place, the follow- ing^ being the result ¡-President, Dr. Cutts; "vice-presidents, Mr. Girdlestone and Mr. Fletcher ; honorary treasurer. Dr. Fetheraton; honorary Eeoretary, Mr. Blair; honorary libra- rian, Dr. Neild ; ordinary members of com- mittee, Dr. Tracy, Dr. Bird, Mr. Gillbee, and Mr, Gray. The retiring president then read his valedictory address, in which ho reviewed the progress of the society during the Tear of .his office, and congratulated the members upon the number of valuable papers whlob. had been read, and the friendly spirit which had characterised the discussion. He also referred generally" to the pro- gress of medical eclonce in Europe, lind dwelt pointedly upon-the necessity of the profession taking serious note of the possible advent of cholera to these shore?, _At the conclusion of the address, on the motion of Dr. Motherwell, seconded by Dr. F.therston, the thanks of the society were given to Dr. Martin, for the great zeal and earnestness with which hiB duties had böen_performed. The queetion of erecting a hail for the use of the society upon the land granted by Govern- ment for this purpose, formed, daring the evening, a subject of dkcusslon. After some conversation it was resolved, on the motion of Dr. Motherwell, seconded by Dr. Black " That the subscription to the society remain as it is, and that a building fand be com- menced, to which contributions be in- vited." ' Their Excellencies tbe Governors of New South Wales and Tasmania have notified to the president of the Intercolonial Exhibition their warm sympathy with the undertaking, and promise of assistance in the objects thereof. The municipal bodies of Amherst and Emerald hill have also sent in replies to the circular letter addressed to them, con- vening expression of the like feeling, the council of Emerald-hill having formed itself into a committee of the whole for assisting the commission. The treasurer of the Immigrants' Aid Scciety desires to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of the following subscriptions in aid of the home, viz. :-Mr. G, C. Levey £3 3s. ; Berala office employés, £4. We have received a cheque for £2 for the family of the name of Holcomb?, at Talbot. Mr. Gideon Lang addressod a meeting of the electors of Bichmond last night at the Greyhound Hotel. Mr. D. 8. Campbell pre- sided. The opponents of Mr, Lang mustered in strong force, bnt in the course of the pro- ceedings it became "clear that the supporters of the candidate were in the ascendant. Mr Lang delivered a very manly speech, and dealt with his interrogators in a very effectual manner. When the question waa put, it was shown in avery decided manner that Mr. Lang had the majority. A large amount of bowling followed, but that did not count in the fact of the decision and its result. The Hon. George Harker,addressed one of the moBt orderly meetings of the electors of Collingwood that has been held for Bomo time, at Mao's Hotel, laBt evening. It was originally intended that the proceedings Ehould be confined to the appointment of a committee to secure the candidate's return, but as; the attendance was unexpectedly large, Mr. Harker briefly addressed the meet- ing, referring to the Land Act, the tariff, and assisted immigration, and strongly condemn- ing the Government for the course they bal pursued with reference to all three subjects. He was listened to with the greatest atten- tion, and it was announced that he would meet the electors of the district in a largor room at an early date. The new WeBley College, St. Kllda-road, was successfully inaugurated yesterday by a luncheon, at which over 250 visitors were present. It wa9 intimated that there wal "8Ü11 a debt of £8,000 on the building, bat it waB also stated that Mr. Walter Powell had promised to give £1,000 on condition that £1,500 was raised in Victoria in one year. This liberal offer was accepted, and in the course of half an hour over £470 was sub- scribed in the building. An inaugural ad drees was delivered in the evening by the Bev. J. 6. Waugh, president of the college. Judgment was confessed »by the Govern- ment yesterday fora further_sum_of £40,000, at the euit of the London Chartered B»uk. Twenty two of these actions have now been brought, and tho total amount recovered amounts to £880,000 Mr. Templeton addressed the electors of Chiltern (Ovens district) on Monday night, ot Peel's Hotel. The place was quito fall. The 0 and M. Advertiser remarks that there ia not the slightest mistake about the opinions ( of the Chiltern pooplo, as represented at that meeting. A resolution was proposed as follows -" That having in view the long continued neglect with which this important district has been treated hy the present and previous Governments, and our late members, I Messrs Smith and Kerferd, having repre-> sented our interests faithfully and succeas Jullj, this meeting hereby expresses its de- termination to reolect Messrs. Smith and Kerferd, and refuses to place its confidence in any candidate unconnected with tho district, and nnknown to the electora." Bat an amondment was oarried, almost unani- mity, that Sir. Templeton waa a fit and pr&/-r person to represent the district. In fact, the enthusiasm at the meeting waa some- thing extraordinary. The same journal states that "on Saturday night Mr. G. V. Smith, late member for the Ovens, addressed the electors at Peel's Theatre-room, Chiltern. There was a large attendance present. It was moved, seconded, and carried unani- mously, 'ThatMr.0. V. Smith is a fit and proper person to represent the district ia Parliament.' " The Geelong Advertmr ia informed that re- quisitions are in coarse of signature to Mr. Brooke to stand for East and Weat Geelong "Many who opposed Mr. Brooke at the last election announce now that they will vote for lim if he oûor himself BB a candidate." The Bendigo Advertiser mentions "that the only caBe before tho Warden's Court on Wed nesday, was a partnership one among some Italians. Manuel Nicholas sought to be de- clared a partner with the defendant', Bap- tiste Tommagina, Natal! Tovannovioh, and Jobanni Dalaganno, in a claim. The defence was that he had sold out and boen for weeks away from the claim, neither working, as if a mate he was hound to do, nor contributing to the expenses. The warden expressed to the parties his regret at being compelled to postpone the case. The new mining statute, he said, provided for his keeping a register on which he was to enter every decision on the day of pronouncing it. That register he had not yet got. He had telegraphed to Melbourne, and expected soon to have it. Tho parties, poiticnlarly the defendants, complained at Laving to lose anothor day, as they had hard work to make a living. The warden said he waB sorry for it, but he had no help He could _ot, as required of him, make a record of a decision with nothing in which to register it. He had no alternative but to adjourn the hearing, and Monday was, of consent, fixed for this purpose." A case of shameful treatment of a servant is reported in yesterday's Bendigo Adver ttstr.-"A Mr. and Mrs. Fry were brought beforo the Bench at the Town hall, charged with having assaulted one Anne M'Loughlin, a gill thirteen yea« of age, in their service,, who stated that BUO came to the colony about, three months ago with her elster, besides whom she had no friends here, Mrs Fry, it appeared, was in tho habit of scolding andi culling her girls, as, according to tho records of the court, she had been accused of doing so, to a former servant In the present instance she had assaulted tho girl on three separate occasions, and at last, at twelve o'clock at1 night, turned her out of doors. The girl was taken in hy a Mrs. M'Devitt, whose house i was under the same roof, and went to sleep j with Mrs. MDevitt's servant; but at about two o'clock OB the Sunday morning.'Mr. and Mrs Fry burst open the bedroom door, which opened from the back yard, and on her re- fusing to get up and dress herself and go back that night, pulled her out of bed, one by thu hair and the other by the feet. Tho Bench commented strongly on their conduct, and fined them dOs, each, awarding three guineas coste." The following extraordinary case and magisterial decision is reported in the Mount Alexander Mail as having occurred in the Chewton Police Court on Wednesday. The Bench consisted of the following justices. Dr. Meears and Mr H. Norman -"- Ryan was charged with stealing a beer-barrel valued at 5s. 6d, the property of one William Duncan, who deposed as follows:- I went to Taradale on the 3rd of this month from in- formation I had received, where I met pri soner, who had the barrel produced in his possession. I value it at 5s. 6d. I never sold it to prisoner, or authorised him to take it away. I swear the barrel is mine by marks on it. Sergeant Brown, of Taradale, stated that he arrested the prisoner on the 3rd inst., at Taradale. Mary Ann Trevena, on being sworn, said,- I work at Mr. Poulton's occa- sionally. I was there on the 8th inst., when prisoner came into the place and asked me whether there were any of Siddall's casks about the place. I said,'' Yes," and showed him the one produced, which he took away. I believed that the cask belonged to Siddall. For the defence, prisoner called Mr. Siddall who stated that the prisoner took the barrel under his orders, he having told him to go to Poulton's and bring the barrel back. He (witness) managed Siddall and Ryan's brewery ; prisoner was employed as a book- keeper. Mrs. Siddall swore that the cask in court was her husband's. (Dr. Mears, at this stage of the proceedings, said he would not believe Mrs. Siddall, on her oath or otherwise, he having known her to have perjured herself on other occasions ). Prisoner, when called on to make a statement, said he could have had no interest in stealing the barrel. He merely acted under Siddall's orders. He made no attempt at concealment in the matter, but went to Poulton's, and from that time to the time he was arrested he had the barrel in his possession exposed on a dray. The Bench, after consulting, found the charged to be proved, and sentenced Ryan to forty-eight hours imprisonment." The Buninyong Telegraph states that " as a man was sitting on a stump of a tree at the Durham, last week, a magpie flew at his face, and struck the poor fellow's eye with his biak, almost pecking hie eye out, completely, breaking the ball of the eye, The surgeon 'Who is attending him states that he will lose the use of his eye in consequence of the damage done." ' I The Geelong Regitter notlceB that " the first 'case under the Amended Law of Imprison- ment for Debt was heard on Wednesday, at -the Central Police Court there. Mr. Henry 'Tranks had obtained a police court judgment) ,in Nove rabi-r last, Bgainst one Thomas Sto ' wort, an itinerant draper, for £18 7e. 2d., and ?costs. Execution was levied, and there was a nulla bona return. The defendant pointed ont no effects that wonld satisfy the jadg ment, whereupon a summons was issued to Mr g him before two justices of the peacei that he might bo examined on oath as to his position and ability to pay. The defendant appeared and underwent an examination, during »Wph ho admitted that he had I realised ^ bulk of his property, and had * expended the proceeds. Upon being closely .preised, however, be stated that he then had about'£18 or £19 iQ his possession, and the üench deeming that he had therefore the means -of satisfying the jndgment, ordered him to do ' «o forthwith, and to pay £2 4s. 61. co3ts. Be fusing to comply with this order, he was committed to gaol for two months," A persevering pursuit of a Chinese thief is mentioned in the Bendiga Advertiser:-"A man, named W. Brook, residing at Ironstone- hill, had his tent robbed on Wednesday after- noon of everything he possessed. At four o'clock he went to his place for a pick, when everything was safe, at five he left work, and found everything gone. From information he received from neighbours who saw a Chinaman heavily laden going over the hill, he proceeded with Constable Scanlon to the Chinese tents, and on arriving there they were directed by some Chinamen and others to a certain tent, in which they found the whole of the things lost scattered about, with the exception of a watch and guard, which were not recovered. Before they went into the tent, it appeared that a Chinaman had been having his supper there, but, hearing them coming, he had taken the alarm and slipped away, leaving the place uninhabited and the refreshments on the table. He was well known at) the camp, however, bearing a very bad name there." Mr, E. A. Samson, teacher of English and elocution in the Scotch College, who is about to open elocutionary classes in Melbourne, gave an inaugural séance in the Mechanics' Institute last evening. The hall was filled, nnd Mr. Samson was eminently successful in entertaining his audience. j "How days of humiliation are spent by some persone," remarks the Riverine Herald, "might have been learnt at the Echuca Police Court on Tuesday, when a man lately in the employ of Mr. Boddy, cordial manu- facturer, sued him for balance of wages. It appeared that on Friday last, being requested to go to work to finish an order, he declined, on the ground that it wa3 a ' fast ' day, and he spent the morning at Rsdman's Hotel. Howover, he turned up at dinner-time, and preferred a request for some steak, bnt was turned out of the house by Mr. Boddy. He then exemplified his ' humiliation of spirit ' by abusing his employer, and yesterday sued him for some pounds in excess of his wages. A verdict was given for the exact amount due to him." Two plasterers named Thomas Bromell and Joshua Keymes, were taken into the hospital yesterday morning, suffering from injuries received at a house at which they were work- ing at Dudley-street, West Melbourne. The cornice of the house from some cause gave way, in its fall breaking down the scaffold on which the men were at work, and in the general fall of the materials and the scaffold- ing, the men above named received some severe contusions. At the Hotham Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. Lloyd, Radcliffe, Warren, and Carroll, a man named Wm. Loaton was charged with stealing five fowls belonging to Morgan Irving, chief warder of the Royal Park Lunatic Asylum. The prisoner was seen to lea ve- the fowlhouse late at night, and he-' ing chaEed by one of the warders, he dropped tho birds behind a tree. The magistrates! sentenced him to one month's imprisonment, with hard labour. Charles Gillespie, a little boy, was summoned by Archibald Watts, for wilfully breaking a pane of glass. The defen dant, on his way home from school, had, pushed a little girl's head through a large pane of glass in the complainant's shop win- dow, and done damage to the amount of 17s 6d. He was fined 5s, with 5s. costs, and ordered to pay 17s. 6d. for a new,window pane. Several persons complained against for breaches of the municipal bye-laws were also dealt with. Several cases of assault and abusive lan- guage occupied the Fitzroy Police Court yes- terday for some time. Charles Castle, com- plained against by Edward E, Morton for assault, was ordered to p3y 40s. damages, with 5s. costs Bridget Hannigan summoned ljli?abeth M'Kay, by whom she had been em- ployed as servant, for assaulting her. The complaint was proved, and the Bench awarded complainant £5 damages, with £1 Is, costs. A boy aged about ten years, named Michael Byrne, brought up for a violent assault upon Bridget Byan, a little girl, was ordered to the watchhouse for twenty-four hours, then to .be sent to the Beformatory Training-ship for three years. Tbo other cases were of little importance. The Mayor, and Messrs. Thomas and Levy, were the magistrates on the bench. An inquest was held yesterday, at Rich- mond, by the district coroner, on the body of John Coverlid, shopkeeper, Church-street,1 llicbmond, who shot himself with a rifle on Tuesday last. Deceased was said to have been in low spirits for some time, and had been heard to threaten to commit self dc6tiuction. He was drinking on Monday,1 and on Tuesday morning was observed , to appear wild, excited, and trembling, and his state was considered by a lodger in the house to be the effect of the joint influence of the previous day's drinking and of the condition of his affairs. At about eleven o'clock the report of a gun was heard in hie' bedroom, 'of which at the time ho was the only occupant. A Mrs. Church, who was in the house, went to the door of the room, and, on looking in, saw deceased lying against the washstaud, A shoemaker, named George Frost, who was at work down stairs, was called, and when he entered the room he found deceased lying on tho floor, with a wound in his breast, from which blood was gushing in large quantities, Deceased appeared to be convulsed, and died in a few moments. A rifle, which was in pos- session of deceased as a volunteer, was found fixed so that the muzzle was at about the height of his breast. It had been re- cently discharged, and it was found that the bullet, after passing through1 the body of deceased, had struck the wall', aud ,then fallen iÇiyhe' floor of the room. Dr. Graham, on post mortem examination, found that the ball bad passed through the heart. The brain Vas quite soft,,' Tho doctor ex- pressed his belieiothot deceased was of un- sound mind, and that the'flyruptorns observod In him on'the morningvbf the( occurrence were those 6$'rdtlirium trtmens. The jury found that the. deceased committed self destruction whtlBt labouring under temporary insanity. ' ,, By way of contrast to our Geelong cor- respondent's hopeful account of the crops in his locality, we notice the following in the Riverine Herald of Wednesday;-"On all, the farms on the opposite or Kow South Wales side of the Murray, in the neighbourhood of Moama, the crops this year have been a total failure ;" and also that " for some reason which we have not heaTd explained, the fish. in the Murray appear to be exceedingly soarco this season. Anglers, both white and black, complain of their want of success. This li unusual with EO low a river as we have at present." ' j A coach accident is reported in the Vaults*, ford Mercury :-"On Monday afternoon, a« the Malmsbury coach was coming from thence Into Daylesford, the driver had pulled up at Lucardie's, the reins being, as customary,, fastened round the break while he went in to deliver his papers, &c;, when, startled by the man who supplies tbem with water, or some other cause,' the horses started off, and con- tinued their course unchecked till the vehicle was dashed against a stump and smashed, a' young lady who wasi on the box escaping without further injury than a shaking and a roll In the duet. Two passengers on the back ., . " . I i seat also dropped off with little or no injury. The driver, Jones, is generally considered a vory careful man " The Sivtrine Herald remarks that " blight is very prevalent just now in Echuca, and nearly every second person one meets is suffering from its unsightly effects. In most instances the disease is that known as the 'swelling blight,' and though it imparts a 'comio fighting man' look to the features it is fortunately not attended by much pain." A deliberate attempt at murder was made yesterday at theHeidelberg toll-gate. A short time ago, the person in charge of the gate as toll collector, Martin Dooley, was re- moved from the situation, and was succeeded by John Dermoody. Dooley has, it seems, been staying with Dermoody at the toll-bar for about a fortnight. At about eight o'clock yesterday morning, he went up to Dermoody, who was then outside the house, and without any words of any kind pass ing, or any provocation being given, Dooley took from his pocket a pistol and discharged it at Dermoody'a face. The con- tents of the pistol, which, it is believed, was loaded with slugs, struck Dermoody in the left eye, which was completely destroyed. The shot then passed upwards, causing a fracture to the skull above the eye. Dooley upon this left the place, and the wounded man was brought into town by the first passing coach, and conveyed to the hos- pital. Upon the report of the occur- rence, Constable Mawhinney was furnished with a description of Dooley, and de- spatched to the place to trace and arrest him. The constable heard from some wood carters that the man he wanted was then at the tollbar, and that he had received toll from them. On arriving there, the constable found him standing at the verandah of the house, and at once arrested him. At the constable's request Dooley immediately gave up two pistols, one of whioh had evidently been lately discharged, and the.other was loaded. The prisoner was brought into town, taken to the hospital, there identified by the wounded man as the person who fired the shot, and upon this locked up in the watch house. As may be supposed from the above description of the injury, the condition of Dermoody is a very precarious one. From it being regarded in this light by the medical attendants, Mr. Sturt, P.M., was sent for at about eight o'clock last evening, and on attending at the hospital, took the deposition of the wounded man, in view of a possible fatal termination. Dooley (who is only about twenty one years of age) will be brought up before the City Bench this morning, and remanded, pending the progress of the in- jured man. The Biverine Eerala mentions the following unfortunate occurrence:-"It does not often fall to our lot to record the death of a black- fellow by drowning, but an unfortunate1 aboriginal named ' Ilookey,' one of the Moira tribe, met with such a death on Sunday after- noon, in the vicinity of Echuca. It appears from the evidence at the inquest, held at Redman's Criterion Hotel, by Mr. O E. Strutt, that he wa3 amuBing himself and some spec- tators by disporting in the stream, diving, turning somersaults, &o.; H_ threw a broken bottle into the river several times, and dived successfully for its recovery, and at length throwing it far out into the Btream, he again essayed the task without success, and reap- pearing on the surface, exclaimed, ' My word, big fellow deep that one.' Going fur ther up tho river, he again dived, and as he did not reappear after the lapse of a couple of minutes, Constable Toal, who was present, was alarmed for his safety, and urged the other blacks to go in after him, which they did, but were unable to recovor tho body. Some eighteen dived at intervals during the evening, without success, and tho search waB resumed with equal ill luck on tho following day, On the third morning, however, a Mrs. Skinner went to the Murray to wash some clothe?, and discovered the mortal remains of poor Hookey in the water, near the opposite bank of the liver, about 200 yards from the spot where he made his fatal plunge. It is surmised that, exhausted BB he was with his previous efforts, Hookey got submerged in one of the under-curreuts, and, unable to extricate himself, had sunk ts rise no more alive. In the evening, some of the members of his tribe who had been sum- moned-bia brother amongst the number conveyed him to his lost resting-place, at Uanna, seventeon miles distant from Echuca, in a cart kindly lent them by Mr. Harry, contractor. Considerable grief was mani- fested by the blacks who were congregated, and in some instances self mutilation was re- sulted to iu order to appease it, The jury at the inquest returned a v erdict in accordance with the facts." Yesterday, at the Sandridge Police Court, before Mr, Thomas, mayor, and Dr. Plummer, Mr. George Thompson, steward of the schooner Ceres, sued the captain, Mr. Brown, for the sum of £17 2s. for wages. The matter was contested at gieat length, The defence against the applicant's claim was that he had through negligence set the cabin of tho ship on fire, and thereby done damage'which rendered him liable to a deduction to the extent of £13 8s. After hearing the evidence on both sides, and the remarks of the respective advocates, the Bench held that there was no proof of negli- gence on the part of the plaintiff, and that he must have a verdict for tho fall amount claimed, with costs. A woman named Anne Orewse was charged with being in a state of insanity, caused by drunkenness. The unfor- tunate defendant trembled violently, and a small boy (her only child), clung to her with great tenacity throughout the proceedings. It whs stated that the dofendant had caused annoyance to two or three members of tho police force by representing that her house was on fire, or that somebody was pulling it down. It farther appeared that her husband is at present in New Zealand, The magis- trates remitted her for sanitary treatment. The remainder of the business was not of à nature to require notice. Yesterday, at Brunswick-before the mayor, Messrs. Tinning, BawlingB, and Talbot-Jane Burns, appreheuded on warrant issued "at Richmond, was remanded to that court, on the charge ofaviolentassaultonachild. John Williams was charged, at the instance of William Gordon, with obtaining goods under false pretences by means of a cheque drawn by James Hines, which, when presented, was 'found valueless. Prisoner's defence was, that he had received the same as part pay meut of a horse he had sold ; and as a Mr. M'Farlane, a brother of the prisoner's employer, gave him an excellent character, the charge was did missed. Eight cases of charging excessive toll on spring-carts were all dismissed, with costs, on the ~ grounds that the same were used almost exclusively for carrying goods-bread ,&c.; At the Prahran Police Court yestBrday, before Messrs.Tebpleton and Snowball, Ellen ' Burns, a servant-girl lately in the employ of Mr. Whewou-d, was charged with larceny from a dwelling.» The evidence tendered was to the effect that the prisoner had boen only three weeks in the service of Mr, Wisewould, and had been summarily dismissed; that after she had left a number of articles wero missed, and suspicion attaching to the pri- soner, she was apprehended on warrant by Constable- M'Gulre, when she admitted having taken tho articles enumerated, but avorred that she had so acted because she could not get her wages. A lady named Drewett, a guest of Mr. Wisewould, identified the articles produced as hor property, and marked with her initial letters J. M. D., consisting of six silver 'spoons and two dessert spoons. The girl had only been threo weeks in the house, having been engaged at £30 per annum, I when her auspicious behaviour led to her discharge, as stated. She was known at that time as Ellen Thompson, but had beon married about a week ago. Sentenced to three months' imprisonment, with hard labour. William Masterton was brought up to answer the charge of threatening the life of his wife. The Bench ordered the prisoner to find surety to keep the peace for three months in his own bond of £20. Martha Holbrook, charged with having been guilty I of insulting behaviour to a constable, was cautioned and discharged. The remainder of the business consisted of small debt sum- monses. The Crooked River Chronicle states that "a terrific thunderstorm passed over the town- ship of Grant on Monday evening. The lightning, although powerful, did no other damage than shatter a large gum tree to pieces near the western boundary of the town. There was a heavy fall of rain, which lasted for about an hour, after the thunder and lightning ceased, and fair weather re- turned." The Crooked River Chronicle remarks that "bush-fires on the mountain ranges are not often attended with serious loss. The one which occurred on the Britannia spur on Sunday morning last was an exception. Before the course of the fire could he arrested, the carpenter's shop and hut near the machine were enveloped in a blaze and con- sumed, with nearly £50 worth of tools. A quantity of pine timber on the ground was also consumed, and the workmen residing near the Eldorado and Britannia works had great difficulty in saving their property. The fire continued to rage from spur to spur, until the waters of Jungle Creek put a stop to its progress." We have received by the City of Adelaide our files of papers from Sydney to the 9th inst., but the principal items of intelligence have been anticipated hy telegram. In reference to the resignation of Mr. Plunkett, the Sydney Morning Herald has the following:-"Soon after Mr. Plunkett's arri- val from Melbourne, by the steamer on Sun- day morning, he was informed that Mr. Burdekin had been gazetted as Colonial Treasurer Early yesterday morning he caiiod at the Colonial Secretary's office, in reference to the appointment (of which he appearod to have had no previous intimation), bat Mr, Cowper had not returned from the country. Mr. Plunkett, however, left a letter for tho Premier, stating that he had heard with very great astonishment of Mr. Burdekin's ap- pointment OB Colonial Treasurer, that he could not recognise in that gentleman a single qualification for the office, that ho could not place any confidence in his ability or his experience, and that he must decline to acknowledge him as a colleague ; he was, therefore, although with much regret, com- pelled to resign his seat in the Ministry, and would only hold' the office of Attorney General till his successor was appointed. He would, however, be happy to use his influ- ence, as a member of the Legislative CounoU in assisting the passing of the financial mea- sures of the Oov ernment. Mr. Plunkett after- wards waited upon the Governor, and ten- dered his resignation, which, however, His Excellency declined to accept." The Sydney Empire of the 8th inst. ha? the following particulars of the capture of Dunn) the bushranger.-" Senior constable Elliott, of Coonamble, and troopers M'Hale. and Hawthorn, after a desperate fight, captured Dann, the bushranger, thirty-five miles from Coonamble. Dunn ia wounded in three places-a wound on the toe, right foot, the heel of the loft, and a serious wound ia the back; tho ball entered just on the biim of the pelvis. M'Hale ÍB shot in the thigh, the ball having taken an upward direction They have been brought into Coonamble. The police were after 'Yellow Billy,' and camped about half a mile from a hut occupied by one Jack Walton. They camped ia the bush all night, and about daylight went up to the hut, but the dogs gave the alarm. They did not expect to find Dunn at the time ; and when Yellow Billy bolted out of the hut Senior constable Elliott gave chase, but could not come up with him. He fired twice at him, and Elliott, hearing shots in anothor direction, turned and found M'Hale and Hawthorn shooting. Dunn was hit, and fell on his face. M'Halo was advancing to secure him, when Dunn suddenly raised himself, took deliberate aim, and Bhot M'Hale. Dunn then got up and ran away, Elliott and Hawthorn ia pursalt-j Hnvvthorn first, Elliott a little behind at firsf. , Dunn turned, and fired at Hawthorn, the ball passing through Hawthorn's hat," quarter of an inph from hh head. Elliott now pushed on to the front, followed by Hawthorn, iluun running as faet as they. Dunn once again stopped and turned and told'EUiott if h_ came an inch further: he would* shoot him. Elliott's revolver was empty, he having fired all his ijnrrclB, Still he tried to load while running ; he dared not toke his eye on Dunn, as the latter was close to a dense scrub. When Elliott got within about three pacts, Dunn raised his revolver and fired, but the cap only snapped. Ellioft at onoevclosod with Dunn and got him down, Dunn using his revolver freely as a bludgeon over Elliott's head, inflicting a wound some two inches.in length. Hawthorn came up, and Elliott and he secured Dunn. They cooeyed for theil wounded comrade, who had fainted from loss of blood, but who presontly came ; and they all went to Perry's station, near Marthaguy. A despatch was at once Bent in to Coonamble for Dr. Weston, who met them at Eades's public house, on the Merri Merri. An easy waggon was got from Mr. W. Smith, and Dunn and M'Hale brought toCoonamble, apparently none the worse for the journey, bin tor consta ble Elliott, bting senior officer, was in com- mand ; ni.d many people will rejoice to hear of his promotion, for he is deservedly re epected, Evidence was taken down on Wed- nesday, in presence and hearing of Dunn, before Thomas H. Neaje, Esq, J P. ; of course it was voluminous. Dunn flays nothing, only that he is sorry for what ho has done He says he did not shoot Nelson, at'Col- lector. He confesses to all else." , , The horse Tarragon, the winner of the last Melbourne Champion Hace, arrived'safe in his own country by the City of Sydney on Sunday last. i A cricket match will be played this day, on tho Bichmond Ground, between the profes- sionals of the Thoatra Royal and the second eleven of the local club. I ' Verdi's popular opera, "La Traviata," wa£ * produced last evening, "for one night only," at the Theatre Royal. Whatever may be the moral quality of the piece, this performance must be dtecribed as one of the'best efforts of the company since their return*from New Zealand. Madame Eacott and Mr. Squires were in excellent voice, and the execution of the more effective passages belonging to their parts-Violetta and Alfredo-was very fiae, After the finale they wereiboth called before the curtain. Rossinis "Barber of Seville" was the concluding piece, This evening. Weber's "Der Freischütz," with the old cast and Mr. Beaumont as Max, will be per formed. ' 1 ' I Kil* 'it' .1 ' . . .<>( 1 