GEBALDTON. We have advices from Champion Bay to the 1st instant. Serious apprehensions were enter tained for the fate of Mr. Hooley, no intelligence having been heard of him since proceeding from Shark's Bay, in a boat, with provisions and water, towards tbe Gascoigne. It will Le remembered that he had arranged to leave supplies lor Messrs. Viveash and Wilkinson, who formed Che over land party, at a spot 25 miles from Shark's Bay, bat after waiting five days at the place indicated, and travelling several miles along tbe beach, these gentlemen concluded that the boat bad either been wrecked or driven out to sea. They accordingly retraced their steps to Cbainpion Bay. It is much to be regretted that Mr. Hooley undertook the expedition at so unfavourable a time, especially during one of the driest seasons ever before known. We trust that some of the GeraMton settlers will equip a searching party with as little delay as possible. The following is from our own ow respondent :— An extensive bush-fire took place some days since, on a sheep run some miles from the Bay, and but for the timely aid at hand, would have destroyed what little herbage there yet remains. In the immediate vicinity of the town, a vast conflagration took place— caused, it is averred, by the natives. A few hundred yards north of the Convict Depot an immense body of flame came tearing over the hill, driven by a fiercely hot east or land wind. Leaping on to fences, is destroyed nearly thirty chains of a field near the cemetery, and passed very near to the same in one vast sheet of flame, some 10 or 15 chains in width, for about two miles. At this time the smoke from seven other such fires could be seeen along the range of hills to the eastward. At one time a fence caught, running to the parsonage. Our correspondent adds — ' In as short a time as I am writing it was gone; then a huge tree catching fire, sent the forked ftaines high inlo the dense smoke that mounted the usual clear and summer sky. It is said to have been one o( the largest bush-fires ever seen so near the town. The whole of the green thicket on the hill-side, that was so ornamental to the environs of Geraldton, has now become a blackened drift of smouldering ashes.' Jauuury 18, 1866. 