GENERAL NEWS. THE AUSTRALIAN SOVEREIGN.—We have heard from an authentic source, that the Order-in-Council declaring the Sydney sovereign a legal tender in the United King- dom is ready for her Majesty's signature. It provides the extended circulation for the existing Sydney sover- eign, leaving it open at present, although the die may be changed at a future period. By this legislation the expense, annoyance, and trouble of calling-in will be saved.—S. M. Herald, March 21. KEROSENE EXPLOSION.—On last Sunday night, about 10 o'clock, as Mrs. McLean, of the Commercial Hotel, was in the act of extinguishing the large kerosene lamp, which hangs over the bar, it exploded with a loud noise, and a great portion of the liquid flame fell upon the lady's dress. In a few moments Mrs. McLean was enveloped in fire, and her dress was quickly burned. Happily, assistance was promptly forthcoming, and the flames were got under by water. We are happy to state that Mrs. McLean is but slightly injured—her hands being burned—and, under Dr. Bendall's skilful treat- ment, will be perfectly convalescent in a few days. This should set as a caution to persons using kerosene. Too much care cannot be taken when lighting or putting out lamps; and regular cleaning and filling would consider- ably obviate the danger of accident.—Dubbo Dispatch, March 16. THE SEASON AT DUBBO.—The reports from down the river are again assuming a melanoholy oharaoter. A gen- tleman just arrived informs me that in a few weeks tbey will be many degrees worse off than thoy wero boforo the drought broke at al). Between this and Duok Creek, the whole of tho baak water ii failing, and the squatters will again havo to move their sheep to some pare of the oountry where water can be obtained. Fearful loss in anticipated if we do not have rain shortly.-Dubbo Cor. of Western lost, March 20, WINDOW-BREAKING EXTRAORDINARY.—On 'Tuesday laat, a rather singular oaso of window-breaking ooonrred in Fitzmaurioe-Btroot. It seems that Mr. Charles Crisp had some occasion to visit the shop of Mr. W. Mitchell, and reined up his horse at the door while some little order was being executed inside. The horse beoamo rather Impatient at the delay, and Mr. Crisp, who was still mounted, touohed him with tho spur, when he rushed a little forward, and, not seeing tho glass, put his head through the window, and shivered the pane into frag- ments. The pane was a very large one, and its value was about ton guineas.- Wagga Wagga Express, March 17. The Herald understands that tho inauguration of the bronze statue of the Prinoo Consort in Sydnoy will take plaoe on the 23rd April next, when an address will bo delivered by his Exoellenoy the Governor. A canvass is being made in Deniliquin for signatures to a ranslotpsl petition. One' hundred and seven toon signatures have been obtained, being twenty-ono moro tuan tiloso to a previous petition. ? < , At a numerous and influential meeting, held at Hay on the 13th instant,, a petition, to tho Secretary for Public Works was adopted, praying, that a snm of money b> plaoed on the estimates for the construction of ft bridge aorosstbe Murrumbidgee at Hay, on the ground that that ¡was tho.prinoipal orosiing-plaoo, and that there was a large and inoreaiing traillo there. , .< ¡ , Some nioe rain,has fallen on the Lnohlan, sufficient to keep the oountry fresh, although not enough to fill th. tanks. A woman, named Rogers, and her child were thrown out of a cart near Hay, on the 8th instant. The child died from the injuries received, its skull beiog fractured. DISCOVERY OF A NEW MOTIVE-POWER.—Mr. J. W. Mayne, plumber, of Deniliquin, a man of superior attain- ments in mechanics and hydraulics, has just succeeded in discovering a system of raising water from wells and rivers without the aid of machinery. We are not in the secret, but have seen a small model at work, which raises water many inahes above its level in the small case that oonoeals the model. Mr. Mayne proposes by means of his discovery to do away with all pumpa and snob like miohinery in lifting water. If lie sucoeed 'it will oréate a revolution in working back country in Riverina,-Pas toral Tintes, March IO. ' ROTTEN COUNTRY.—The back country of the Lachlan is so rotten in many parts that it will not carry a horse. The sheep have to be searched for on foot sometimes. The lagoons when reduced to a low ebb dry up rapidly, leaving large fissures in the clay. —Pastoral Times, March 17. Post-Ditko CniiQUEa.-Tho Albury Banner men tions a onrlçui point of law raised by an ingenious prisoner in hi» own defenoe, at tho Maryborough oircuit court, last week, One Coulter, boing obarged with ob- taining money under false pretence» by passing off a valueless cheque, pleaded that as, the oneque wat only poit-datod it wai only a promise lo pay, and therefore that he sbonld have been arraigned rather on a civil than a criminal chorg». The choque, in foot, hy being put-dated was converted into a bill of exobang». 'iho log. nions argument was admitted, after somo demur, by Judge William», and the prisoner wai acquitted, 'I he point determined i» of considerable value, we »honld imagine, to all persons in trade, and it seems strange that it should not have oconrrod before. gossf-'^v^T «8MB»-- -. RÍstobation of Sílaribs.-It is intended, "by the Government, to obtain permission lo restore, the Par ,,!«mentary siIarleB whioh wero reduced by the Assembly, au the ¿round that the reduction lind not been carried out otpiteoly th oughout the Government service. Running Stream, thus wiíí« t«.*!»« .fff" V"<<T Foíí.ontheisthi »On WodnesuiJ; the «'»»"*»»» about 9 o'olook, a.m , I saw a man coming ;or, ,1 Ï house, and 1 went to tho back, having somo suspioi;," U|M all was not righi. Tho man carne on inlotbo passage, ami when he got within «even yards of mo'I saVa pair of pi'tols in his hands. 1 nudo ns' qulok t» 1 oould for another door, and ho followed mo instantly, nnd boforo I oould Bhut it h» got up to mo and hold one of tho pistols at my load. Mrs L>¡gillon in lim tuenntinm'came np, and with her assistance wo succeeded in Bliutting thodoor in hisfeoo. Tgotnway nsqulokasloonldintothotaproom and oallod for a gun, when the rnaoal mudo,off.', Bofor» he otme to my plaoo lie balled up three carrière, »bout half a mile from my house, and robbed a mon nnruod Thomas Gjovor of a low shilling». Ho also shiok-'tip Mr. Thomas Eardell and took £5 from him. At' the time of robbing Mr. Fardoll be told that gentleman's boy that ho had'bettor come up nlth him and seo if J hod any money, and if ho sudoco.led in getting any bo would send £2 back by;the lad to his lather. Ou ibis,latter score I am glad to say that'ho mistook his mark. The Sofala pol ¡co wero tho first up after tho outrage, ind Inm'glnd to loam that thoy got instantly on tho riiflun'a irnolis, with, it is to be hoped, reaionablo hope of oapture," Tub Srason at foBiiKS.-No roin has yot fallon to refresh tho turfaoo of tho oountry j the grass .is conse- quently dried up And withered, and bush-fires, on rather a large scale, may bo seen burning nightly within a few miles of this ploco. At Sullivan's station, about ISO miles down tho river, an.l some other places,'n great num- ber of moil are employed in mnking Moavations for (he storagoof water, butlhe total absence of this indispensable element on Hie majority or runs in tho Lachlan distiiofc oh'oks, for a timo, th© execution of nnv works whatever of this nature for the present - <7or of Wagga Wagga Express, March 17. , Mon-Continuous Skrwcr to Count fob rsvaior. The War Ofh'oo has deoidod upon the interpretation of artio'o twonty-six of the " I'ension Warrant", of tho 1st of July, 1818, and arliclo twenty sovonofthe " Warrant" of the'23rd of July, 1864, relative l.ooon£,.""", gsrvicd." Tho decisión Is, II at all weil aro lo io ponsionod accord- ing to tho rule laid down by Lord Panmure in 1850, whioh is that thoy riioto receive tho benefit of non continuous sei vice. Woollbt Mrmorial Fund -At an ndjournod pielimi- * nary mooting of Monds oflbelatolomentod Dr. Woolley, hold at the 8ohool of Arts, yestordny afternoon, Mr. George Wigram Allon in the onair, the following resolu- tions wero carried :-l "That, in the opinion of this meeting, the eminent BorviccB rendered to the ooubb of éducation in this country, by Ihe lamented Professor Dr. John Woolley, demand publia recognition from tho people of the colony." 2. "That this meoting, deeply uympathUingin tho Jobs sustained by his unhappy family, is of opinion that tho moat suitable modo of showing (ho pnblio esteem for the character of the lamonted gentle- man, aud their sense of the loss sustained by the colon', is lo make some provUion for his family,',' '"8, That this meeting resolve itself into a oonimittoo for the pur- pose ot oolleoling subscriptions to form a fund to bo ploood ia the hands of trustees for the hoi.eilt of his family, with power to stioh committee (0 add to thfir number." A sub-committoo wss also appointed to mako the neoesBary arrangements for holding a public meeting for tho purpose of furthering the objects, of t)io,meelin;-. Mr. Lyster having most handsomely offored the uso of the'Prince of Wales Theatre, it was detct mined that a pnblio mooting should be held thoro on Monday evening next A most influentlnli oommitteo was appointed. Messrs. Windeyer nnd Dalley undertook the duties of hon. Soorotnrie».-S. M, Herald, March 23. 