PARLIAMENT. Tuesday, 9th JANUABr. In the Legislative Assembly, Upon the motion of Mr. Cowpeb, thereat of Mr. Bobertson for the electoral district of 'West Sydney was declared vacant, in consequence of his acceptance of the office of Secretary for Lands. Mr. Cowpbr moved that the seat of Mr. M. Burdekin for tbe electoral district of the Williams be declared vacant, in consequence of his acceptance of the office of Colonial Treasurer. Mr. Pabxes moved, as an amendment, an addition to the usual resolution declaring the seat vacant, to the effect that tbe House in declaring such vacancy expressed its strong disapproval of the appointment of the hon. member to the office, and be characterised that appointment as a complete mockery of the prin ciple of responsible government, degrading it to the character of a mere machine for filling up the great offices of State at the caprice of an individual. The hon. member in question had been three years a member of that House, and not only had his parlia mentary education failed to develop in him. any aptitude for the mastery of great questions of public policy, but he had shown rather barrenness of mind and feebleness of character. The present question affected the whole character of our public institutions, for if we tolerated such an appointment as this, there was an end of the principle of party government, which alone could give those institutions. It was impossible for the House to look upon this appointment other wise than as a dishonour to it, and he would be no party to its degradation. He commended the public spint shewn by the Attorney-General, and declared that he would not consent to the voting of a shilling of the public money if the House consented to such a mockery of representative institutions as was herein involved. Mr. Cowper said that the motion took him by sur prise, and he condemned its manifest unfairness to wards tbe hon. member who was the object of it, and for its departure from all parliamentary precedent. The cases of Mr. Nichols, Mr. Dalley, and Mr. Martin might be cited to shew how capricious were so-called social disqualifications. It was hardly possible to name a single member of that House to whom some objection would not be urged. He was considerably straitened in his choice, and in selecting Mr. Burde kin he had chosen a gentleman of education and in telligence. The House would do well not to embar rass the new Treasurer in entering upon the duties of his office, hut allow his qualifications to be fairly tested. Mr. Piebingtox contended that no ground what ever had been shown for the acceptance by the House of Mr. Burdekin as Finance Minister. Mr. Burdekin was without any qualification for the office, and it was incumbent upon the House to express its disapproval of the appointment. The cases cited by the Colonial Secretary Bignally failed. In Mr. Nichols's case the objection was political, not personal; but because errors had been made in die initiation of responsible government there was no reason why we should go on blundering. Mr. Dhiver supported the amendment. He denied that Mr. burdekin had a single qualification for the office to which he had been nominated, either Parlia mentary or official. In all the cases cited by the Colonial Secretary, the gentleman referred to pos sessed what Mr. Burdekin had never acquired — a Parliamentary and public character and reputation. Mr. Hart opposed the amendment as an unconsti tutional assertion of the authority of the House. It was unconstitutional, as every representative member must be presumed to be competent to hold office as a responsible Minister, and it was ungenerous thus to assail a gentleman who was not in a position to defend himself. Mr. Tjgbe would have preferred that the question be brought forward in the form of a vote of censure upon the Government collectively, but, as he foiled in discovering in Mr. Burdekin any qualification what ever for the office of Finance Minister, he considered j the appointment a dishonour to the House, and he should vote for the amendment. | Mr. Ccbkeen censured the amendment as unmanly j and ungenerous, and unfair both to Mr. Burdekin ; individually, and to the Government collectively, in thus assailing them without notice. Upon a division, Mr. Farkes's amendment was I earned by 25 to 10, and the original motion, as amended, was carried by 25 to 11. In reply to questions put to Ministers, the follow ing information was elicited : — That a punt had been provided for the ferry over the Dawson Creek, along the line of road between Cundletown and Taree, Manning River ; that communications from certain justices had been received relative to the appointment of Mr. R. D. Graham to the Commission of the Peace, { and that they would be laid upon the table ; that, of the communications from Captain Mayne relative to the alleged overcharges for railway iron, one had been laid upon tbe table and the other would be produced ; tli at tbe correspondence between the Attorney-Gene- I ral and Judge Meymott relative to the alterations of and changes in districts should also be produced. The following were agreed to as forraal motions : — j By Mr. Wisdom, for returns relative to the reserves 1 from sale or conditional purchase in the districts of | Murrumbidgee, Lachlan, and Lower Darling ; by Mr. Garbett, for the printing of a petition presented by him on the 23rd December, from one James Irvine ; by Mr. Wilson, for returns relative to land sales during the years 1864 and 1865 ; by Mr. Laycock, for returns showing the revenue derived from land sales in the .electorate of Clarence during the year 1865, and showing the amount derived from assess ments and rentals of runs in the same district since the inauguration of responsible government. The Clarence and New England Steam Navigation Company's Bill was read a third time and passed. Mr. Pabkes considered that some action should be taken by the Government with reference to the recent vote of tbe House. Mr. Mabtin took the same new, and moreover reminded the Colonial Secretary that he had pro mised at the present sitting of the House an explana tion of the proceedings of the .Government with reference to the reconstruction of the Ministry and their policy generally. Mr. Cowpeb briefly explained the steps which had been token in reconstructing the Ministry, and he also stated that though Mr. Plunkett bad tendered his resignation of the office of Attorney-General that resignation had not vet been accepted. Had nothing intervened he should have been prepared to state, on going into Committee of Supply, the reductions pro posed to be effected in the public expenditure. With reference to the recent vote of the House he h id been taken by surprise, and he was .not prepared to state what course the Government would take in conse quence thereof. As there was no very important business on the paper, he would move that the House do now adjourn. After some remarks from Mr. Bcchakax, Mr. F. ntTEii, and Mr. Macphersok, The motion was agreed to, and the House adjourned at a quarter to 7 o'clock. ?Wednesday, 10th Januaev. In the Legislative Council, The Governor Bent down his assent to the Tempo rary Supply Bill, and to the Scab in Sheep Continua tion Bill. The Assembly sent up messages with the ad valorem duties and other bills for concurrence, as well as a message concurring in the Council's amendments in Scab Bill, the Boyal assent to which had already been communicated. Mr. Plunkett briefly stated that reasons connected trith a recent appointment to a high office had induced him to resign the office of Attorney-General. He should continue to perform the duties of that office in the Council, and in the other proper office, until his successor waB appointed. It? orders TO ihe pager fferf generally postponed— except the Companies' Bill. On thp House sat in committee for a lengthened period. The amS.'dlB?ntS| which occupied the time were to a considerable extent verbM ; and there were some new clauses substituted for others which were struck out. There was, how ever, no discussion, save conversational, and the bill was reported with amendments at a quarter-past 7 p.m. Ik the Legislative Assembly, In reply to questions put to Ministers, the following information was elicited : — That there was no doubt that all the police engaged in the capture of the hush ranger, Dunn, would be deemed deserving of promo tion, and that the reward offered for his apprehension would be distributed among them; — that the In spector-General of Police had been instructed to report as to the propriety of an increase of salary or additional remuneration to the police magistrate at Port Macquarie, to meet the expenses of his attend ance at other Bcnches ; — that a letter had been re ceived from the magistrates with reference to the defrayal, out of the public funds, of the costs of a prohibition granted by the Supreme Court, in the case of a conviction of one Thomas Armitage Salmon, for having spirits illegally on ' his premises, had been referred to the Crown-Solicitor for his report ; that the application of the Corf oration of Newcastle fpr'a cer tified copy of the plan of Scott- stteet, in that municipa lity, had not been complied with, fnasmuch'asnoplan | of any such street conld be discovered, but that further investigation was being made ; — that with reference to I tbe inquest in the case of one Bichard Bopping, in the lock-up at Bungendore, in consequence of the rider to the verdict of tne coroner's ju*y, proceedings had been taken against the police, which were now in course of prosecution. The following was agreed to as a formal motion — by Dr, Lano, for copies of correspondence between the Government and John J. Main and Isabella Main, and between the Government and Messrs. Kirk and Goldsborougb, on the subject of their pre-emptive right at Totailla, in the district of Moama. Mr, Comtek said that it would be convenient for him then to state the proceedings of the Government in consequence of the vote of the House on the pre ceding evening. He had had a long conference with His Excellency the Governor that day on the present position of public affairs, and his Excellency had re quested that further time might be afforded him for deliberation thereon, and that a short adjournment of the House should he made for the purpose. As there would be no Bitting of the House on Friday in conse quence of tbe proclamation of that day as one of solemn fast and humiliation, he moved that the House do then adjourn until Tuesday next, thereby losing only one day (Thursday). He should then be pre pared to state the determination at which his Excel lency had arrived. Mr. Wn.soN considered that the statement was not sufficient, inasmuch as it did not appear whether the adjournment wbb requested for the convenience of his Exccllency or of the Ministry, or what was the nature of the advice tendered to his Excellency, whether a reconstruction of the Ministry, or a dissolution of Parliament. He should object to more than the usual adjournment if the application was made for the convenience of the Ministry only. Mr. Blcbakan opposed the motion. Mr. Piddikoton 6aid that it must be admitted that the period was a critical one, and that it was only reasonable that tbe time for deliberation asked for by the head of the Executive should be afforded. As only one day would actually be loBt he should not oppose the motion. Mr. Mabtin considered that the information should be given as to the nature of the advice tendered to the Governor, snd he pressed the Government for a reply upon this point. Mr. Cowfeb admitted that he had advised a disso lution of the Assembly. Mr. Mabtin said that the ground for the application had now been unequivocally stated, and that he should not oppose the adjournment asked for. Mr. Pabkis took the same view. Mr. Fobsteb stated at great length his reasons for considering that no more than the ordinary adjourn ment should be conceded. Mr. Lucas considered that the application should be granted, as the adjournment for one day would be fruitless. Mr. Isaacs opposed the motion at great length, and moved as an amendment that the House adjourn until to morrow (this day). Mr. Samuel supported the original motion for ad journment until Tuesday next, which he considered a reasonable and proper conccssion. Mr. De Sams, Mr. Buchanatc, . and Mr. Dbiveb supported the amendment. Mr. Mabtin required distinctly to know whether the adjournment asked for was so asked for at the instance of the Governor, and whether the pendency of the present revenue bills formed any ingredient in the conference with his Excellency. Mr. Cowpeb reiterated his previous statement on the first point, and denied that the second point had been at all considered in the discussion. Mr. Hat stated his reasons for supporting the ori ginal motion. He deprecated the practice of con tinued appeals to the country, as new Parliaments invariably produced inexerienced members, to the great obstruction of public business. After a few remarks from Mr. Latcock, Mr. Isaacs' amendment was negatived by 32 to 9, end the original motion was carried without a division. The House, at ten minutes to 7, adjourned until Tuesday next. _ Thursday, 11th Iancabt. Ik the Legislative Council, The Attobkev-Gekebal brought up the bill which he had obtained leave to introduce, to consolidate and amend the District Ceurts Act— and the bill was read | a Erst time, and the second reading made an order of I the day for Thursday three weeks. I Mr. J0HK60K moved for, and obtained leave, to bring in a bill to abolish the prohibition of reassur ances on marine risks, and the bill was read a first | time, and the second reading made an order of the [ day for the next sitting day. j Mr. A. Cahpbeix presented a petition from J. L. I Montefiore, as Chairman of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce, against the Ad Valorem Duties Bill. | The Attobhet-Gekebal moved the suspension of the standing orders to enable the Ad Valorem Duties Bill and the Colonial Spirits Duties Bill to be taken through their remaining stages After some debate, the motion was agreed to on division by a majority of 14 to 5. Ihe second reading of the bill was agreed to, after long debate, and the House went into committee upon it. The discussion in committee lasted until half- past 12 o'clock (midnight), when the bill was finally re ported without amendments, after a debate as to the limitation of tbe duration of the bill to the 31st De cember, 1866, proposed by Mr. A. Campbell, and negatived on division by a majority of 10 to 5, and the bill was read a third time and passed. Ihe Colonial Spirits Duties Bill was read a second time and passed through committee without opposi tion, and the bill was read a third time and passed. The House adjourned shortly before 1 o'clock until 3 p.m. on Tuesday next. Tub Haebour Commission Inqciby, — A commission having been appointed to inquire into the state of the harbour of Fort Jackson, information has been invited from any persons who may be able to afford it to the changes that have taken place in the depth of water in any part of the harbour, ana also as to the supposed or real causes of such changes. The printed forms— which will be forwarded on application to the secretary to the commission at tbe Public Works Office— contain the following questions : — ' 1. Hare you observed eny change in the depth of water in any part of the harbour or bays of Port Jackson r ' ' 2. To what part or parts do yon particularly refer F ' ' 3. What are the changes f ' ' 4. Can yon state the amonnt or extent of these changes ? ' ' 5. To what causes do you attribute these changes ? ' ' C Over what period of time do your observations ex tend V ' 7. Are there any particular circumstances which led you closely to observe these changes r' ' 8. Have you obFerved any particular spot left dry at high or low water, that seme years ago was always covered at that time of lide r' ' 9. Have you observed, or do you know, of any injurious effects, on the public health or navigation, result ing from the sewage of the city being discharged into 1 the harbour ; and what are the effects te which you refer ?' ' 10. Wbat course would voii recommend to remove the I ciusiwciioiw; A*| Ulttc J uu vcu tmj' (Jaruuu* lar place or places where matter floated away by the tide tends to deposit itself ' 12. Can you suggest any means by which the farther silling up of the harbour may be prevented r' Pbesektation. — We have just been shown a very fine marine glars of superior make, that is about to be presented by the master draymen of the city to Mr. William Jackson, wbeifinger at the H. B. N. S, N. Company's Whar^ as a token of' tbeir respect for him, and as an acknowledgment of many ccis of contideratiun and attention on his part. The gloss hos been purchased by subscription, and on each side two Eilvcr plates have been put on by Mr. T. T. Jones, jeweller, of George-street — one of these bears the name of sir. Jeckfon, ana Ihe other the statement of the circum stanccs under whioh the glass has been presented. St. Mary's Lheiiary Institute, Balmaim. — The fourth ftnniverfary of this society was celebrated by a mis cellaneous concert, given by the members, in the school room, Adolphus- street, on Tuesday evening. The room w as very tastefully decorated, and the occasion drew toge ther a large attendance. Tbe reverend president read an nddKEB netting forth what had been accomplished, and con grnitlMcd the society on the success that had attended their 1 Sorts for the amusement of tbe public; also hoping that the seme would be extended to them in the future. He also awaided great praite to the talented oonductor, Mr. John Deane, who had taken great interest in its progress, and whose services bad been rendered to the society throughout gratuitously. The audience here responded most vocifer ously to a call from the president, for* ' three cheers,' for Mr. Eeane. Tbe programme, as is usual with this society, wbb gone through to admiration ; and as the selections were all geed, it is needless here to particularise any further than to my that it met with great approbation from all. Umted Fiuyeb Meetings. — The third meeting of the Feries now being held st the instance of the Evangelical Alliance tookplaceonWcdnesdayinSt.Gcorge'sChurch,Cas [ llrrciipli-street. The lower part of the church was crowded. Tbe licv. John Graham prebidid, and tbe Rev. J. Dougall delivered an address. Tho chairman road a portion of Scrip luro from 1 Tim. chap. 2 ; and praytts were offered by dif feient ministers 'for tbe temporal and spiritual welfare of nations, for kings and all in authority, for tho maintenance of pence and Ibo increase of righteousness which exalteth a nation.' On Thursday, the fourth meeting of the series of special prayer meetings was held in the Soots' Church, Jamison-street. Tho Kev. Sr. Lang presided, and the Bev. Jcnies Yollor delivered Ihe address. Tho subject appoiiitc d was ' Cliriftiun fumilios, servants, schools, and colleges,' end prayers were offered on their behalf. It is stated that the Viceroy of Egypt does not in tend to contract for a loan of £3,000,000. 1 Destructive Bi»'sh Fire at Bouse Hill, — A oorre* spondent states that * hush fire of alarming dimensions occurred at Bouse Hill, on Monday, almost closing tha career of the little township. For the two previous days hot wind*, scotching sufl withering in their track, oppressed the district, driving furiously oyer everything vegetable. So lorp, however, as I'bcebus himself held tbe rei na we had nothing to fear, but tbe quantity of smoke that ushered in the morning of Monday seoaioi to denete that Phaethon was in charge, and that the world might look out. Where there is smoke there is fire, and towards noon a strong northerly breeze sprung up, driving before it a huge train of these compounds, threaten ing dcstiuction to any who dared dispute its march. So long as the conquerors kept to the bush few of the inhabitants cared to interfere with them, thinking it more pleasant ' to hear the ronr at a safe distance, ana through the loopholes of retreat to peep at such a world of woe;' hut a change of wind changed their minds, rendering neutrality no longer practicable, as a Ung wave of fiiu cinns rolling and roaring towards tbeir dwellings, evidently intending to dine on haystacks and shingle roofs, if not sacrilegiously (o invade church and school property, and la short make short werk with evetyihing in the town that the increasing appetite «f the fiery monster might crave for. Fortunately the Windsor road intervened, aad proper measures being had re course to further progress in this direction was stayed, and the snako scotched though not killed, as miles of fencing and timber as well as the pockets of their owners can testify. The piesent season haa been prolific of these fires, dry winds rendering everything com bUBtible ; it would not, therefore, be unwise for the authori ties to take measures (as has been done in Victoria) to pre vent persons from carelessly or maliciously making open fires during the hot months of summer. At sunset the wind shifted to the S.E. with cooling iffect. and tbe burn ing trees, for miles, during the night, afforded a sight sur passing in grandeur anything seen here before. One op Gabdineb's Old Haunts. — The Forbes cor respondent of the Wagga I Vagga Express states that the Pinnacle station, at one time noti'rinux us the resort of Gar diner snd his gang, and where several encounters took place between tbe bushrangers versus the police and others— the home, too, of Dan Charters, the escort robber, and after wards approver— was abandoned, three weeks since through the drying up of the waterholes, and the horses and cattle driven to a small lagoon twelve miles distant, where the people of the station are now encamped in hastilycon structed gunyahs. The hotses are dying every day, and, out oi the entire stock, there is scarcely one {sufficiently strong to cany a stockman. All tbe sheep of Messrs. Brewn snd Walker Jiave been driven away from the Mowi- f trie run, half-way between Forbes and Lambing Flat, from J tbe poverty of feed and water, and water has to be taken ! in catks from one of West, Brothers' stations to another. j In the course of a lide in that direction, a few days sinoe, j your correspondent met Messrs. West's superintendent f walking from the station where he resides to the head j station, some twelve miles away, for a horse, not one of tha | many on the run being fit for work ; and, on the same day, = at a 'neighbouring station, tbe hands had to drag a hogs- ' head of water in a cart, from a lagoon, eight miles, ths miserable boise that was harnessed to it having knocked up after making an ineffectual attempt to stir. At some of tbe stations down tbe river, tbe settlers are killing their fouls, and the more inferior of their horses, which are con- ; signed to the boiling down department, although the amount of fat obtained scarcely pays for the labour ex- 1 pended. ? Madame Axna Bishop. — From private letters received j from tbis accomplished vocalist, dated the 12th November j last, it appears that she was then in California, and was ! contemplating another tiipto Australia. Her intention was ; to take her departare for Australia after an intermediate trip ] to Vancouver's Island and Oregon, so that her arrival here 1 may be anticipated at no very distant date. She will be ; cordially welcomed by a numerous body of friends and admirers. s The Dboeght and Bush Fibes at Forbes. — Our Foibes correspondent writes thus: — No rain has yet fallen, j nor do appearances indicate the probability of any such j visilalion. Tbe weather is generally intensely hot, night I and day, with suffocating dtist-Btorms, four or five days in tbe week on an aver- ge. On Sunday last, one of the most extraordinary changes oceurred in the temperature ever heard of even in these colonies*, where sudden changes are so irequent. The previous day was exceedingly hot and oppressive, the mercury showing at noon 10C degrees in the shade, in a cool room. Tbe next day, at the same hour, the Fame thetmometer had fallen to 64 degrees; while the tbeimometer at the Telegraph-office stood at 120 degrees in the shade at one period on Saturday, and 62 degrees at the same hour on Snnday, or 58 degrees lower! Th9 Lachlan River has ceased to run for some two or three weeks bock, and all the creeks, and nearly all the so called permanent water-holes, for scores of miles in every direc tion, are dry. There is no food anywhere in the neigh bourhood of the river, or anywhere* else where water is still obtainable, everything in the shape of vegetation having been long eaten up. Bush-fires are to be seeu illuminating the herizon in all directions around Forbes every night, by which the atmosphere is so surcharged with smoke that it is almost unbearable during the day, and, as tbe natural consequence of 6uch a fearful state of things, horses, cattle, and sheep are dying every hour. Stations are abandoned ; the sickly young corn-crops have been generally cnt for hay ; the potato crops in this dis trict are utterly destroyed, unless it may be the autumn rains, should they come, induce a second growth; and everything pastoral and agricultural looks most alarmingly dismal. Frauds op the Turf. — The Tiimut Tim 1, of Monday, the 8th instant, reports a case heard the other day in the Court of Bequests there (James Clayton against the stewards of the Tumut Christmas Baces), for the recovery of £10, tbe value of a prize won by Mr. Clayton's mare Brunette, but which had been withheld in consequence of a protest having been entered by Mr. T. Downey, that the mare was not running under her proper name. The facts of the case are as follow : — The mare Brunette, entered by Mr. Clayton, had previously been run under the names of Light of Dawn, Folly, and Brunette, by Mr. John Macnemsra. Without blowing that the mare had been aliased from Brunette to any other name, Mr. Murphy, her owner, sold her services to Mr. Clayton for the season, giving her the name she was always known by — Brunette — -and by such she was trained, entered, ran for, and won a prize. The owner of the second horse claimed the prize, asserting that the proper name of the mare was Folly, she never having been aliased from that back to Brunette, and in snpport of mis he called Mr. John Macnamara, who ran her under the names of Light of Dawn and Folly. During the examination of this witness some disclosures were made respecting the frauds practised by racing men on the stewards, and which called forth the following remarks from tbeir worships, viz., ' A mors melancholy disclosuie of low principle we never heard of. It was quite evident from the disclosures made to-day that the science of racing was becoming converted into a disgraceful system of fraud.' After perusing the racing rules, tbeir Worships disagreed as to tbe interpretation of ' a bona fide owner who shall be innocent/' &c.; ; for if it be necessary that tbe mare, to claim the prize, should he the bona fide property of Mr. Clayton, the money must be handed over te tho second horse ; but if the case was to be decided on the defence filed in Court, viz., running under a wrong name, then they would declare the plaintiff entitled to the prize, as they were of opinion that the rightful name of the mare was Brunette, all others being - (from the evidence) only frauds to deceive the public in other places. The point wag reserved for reference to the secretary of the Jockey Club. Detebmqted Act of Self- destbuctjon. — The Brisbane Courier, of 6th instant, says : — A distressing case of suicide occurred on Friday, near to the Eagle Farm Race course. Mr. Julius Kopp was well known in Brisbane as a teacher of music, end leader of the orchestra at the Vic toria Theatre. He bad teen suffering from depression of spirits and illness, and on Friday morning did not attend rehearsal. He conld not be found, although several mes sengers were sent in search of him. As he did not appear during tbe day or evening, serious apprehensions were felt regarding him. On the following morning, the worst apprehensions were confirmed, intelligence being received in town to the effect that Mr. Kopp's body had been found in a waterhole. It appears that a man named Silvester Schwank. a gardener m the employ of Mr. James Suther land, at Hillside Farm, received information that a hat and stick were lying on the bank of a waterhole, in a gully on tbe fai m. Schwank, assisted by a fellow-labourer, named Voi^Iit, fished with a crooked stick, the hole being sixteen feet deep, and after, some trouble brought up the body of a man, which was subsequently identified as being that of Mr. Eopp. On exomination it was found that the faco was blown into pieces, tbe Bides of the meuth torn down, and a boll mark on the back of the head. The right hand was raised up towards the face. The body was removed to the Morgue, where it now lies awaiting the coroner's inquest. Mb. Gideon S, Lako's Candidature fob a Seat is the Legislature op Victobia.— The Argus of 6th instant says:— Last night a meeting was held in the Volun teer Orderly-room, Gipps-strcet, Eichmond, called by the friends of Mr. Gideon S. Lang, the anti-Ministerial candi date for the suffrages of that constituency. The proceedings were throughout of a very tempestuous character. The room wbb filled by an excited assemblage, in which the opponents of the candidate soon showed themselves in un mistakable prominence. Tbe hour fixed for commencing was 8 o'clock ; but a few minnteB before that time the pro* Eioters of the gathering found themselves most generously relieved of the business arrangements by an enterprising portion of the audience, who moved, seconded, and carrie 1 in. an incredibly short space of time, a proposal to the effect that Mr. Michael Egan should preside. A scene of confusion, lasting for nearly a quarter of an hour, was the result of tbis maneenvre, which was strongly protested against by several of tbe friends of Mr. Lang, as unfair in the highest degree, bccause only a very small portion of the assembly was aware of the nature of the proposal which made Mr. Michael Egan the chairman. Mr. Lang entered the room at 8 o'clock, and his appearance was the signal for groans from his opponents, and cheers from his supporters ; and then the constitutional right of the chairman to hi* office wsb raised again ; but as wo cannot describe that which is indescribnble, we shall not attempt to describe the noisy scene, beyond saying that at length Mr. Egan waa suffered to remain in possession of the chair, nnd it wa& speed that Mr. Lang should proceed. He then eicplainal me views of the present political crisis in a manly and lucid speech, and at the close a vote in his favour war. proposed, but it wsb rejected by a majority. The following is the latest specimen vf the adver tisement impudent : — ' A young man is desirous of 1 becoming a son-in- law in a resectable family-' Would have no objection, he says, to go a short I distance in the country. 