COUNTRY NEWS. On Saturday a large number of bush-fires occurred—one near the Black-hill; another in Jim Crow Ranges, near Fryer's Creek ; another in Bullarook Forest; and the last about three miles from Woodend, in the Black Forest, between the old Castlemaine road and the Victorian Railway. This was about three miles in extant, and was gra dually working its way towards Middle Gully. The Cltma GaxUt of Friday has the fol lowing respecting the gathering of the comtag harvestThe crops ham ripened last daring the last few days of hot weather, | and require harvesting at once. Stonnd Glen dame], CoghiU's, Ac., men are vtrr scarce, and asking £2 6b. per week, with rations. The Monro. OgUyy, pf Ascot, are compelled to employ a quantity of (Jhin». men, or leave the crops in the fields to perish. All the tanners in the district are in the same fir. The wages given to Chinimen vary from 2Ss- to SOj. per week, and in some parts of Ascot they are obtaining as much as 33s. to 35s. for the same period." It is reported that "a valuable dis covery of black lead has been made by Mr Meader, manager of the Matrix Company's claim at M'Intyre's. The Inglewood Adver tiser says the plumbago has all the cha racteristics of that obtained at Borrowdale mine, in Cumberland, and is lying in heavy veins running through a body of quartz. The ground has been taken up and should the discovery prove as valuable as is expected, work will presently commence." "The present," says the Gipps Land Times, "is, without doubt, a most prosperous season for North Gipps Land. It is a question if ever in this colony there has been such generally abundant crops of wheat as are now conveyed to the several stackyards in this district; forty to fifty bushells to the acre being talked of with every confidence. In some localities, however, the oats are some what light, but that that is by no means a general complaint, is evidenced by several samples sent to our office of the most luxu riant description. One parcel, grown by Mrs. Buntine, at Flynn's Creek, near Traralgon, equals anything we have yet seen anywhere; and our attention has also been drawn to a very superior sample grown by Mr. Smith, at Clyde Bank. Altogether the farmers' pros pects are golden." The Riverine Herald records with satisfac tion the bottoming of a well last week, on an allotment opposite Sturt-street, Echuca. An ample supply of excellent water was obtained at a depth of sixty feet. When the water was tapped it rose to the height of ten feet in the well, and the spring is so strong that the workmen engaged are of opinion the well could not be pumped dry. The water is pure, clear, and soft as that of the Murray. The Geelong Register reports a somewhat distressing case, which was brought before the Central Police Court on Monday. "Three females, a mother and two daughters, were charged with sheepstealing. Living in the vicinity of Mr. George Armytage's run, at Winchelsea, and to all intent and purpose deserted by husband and father, with chil dren crying from hunger and no means of appeasing it, the mother, with the aid of a kangaroo dog, caught and slaughtered three sheep. She avers that she intended to take but one, but the dog having caught and mangled three she killed them all. She and her eldest daughter were committed for trial." The Register remarks that "it is generally under stood that no one in distress ever appealed to George Armytage, of Ingleby, in vain, and it is only to be regretted that the deserted wife and mother, with a half-famished family, did not appeal to the sympathies of that gentle man, rathet than commit an act which, for his own protection, he was bound to bring under the cognisance of the law." Vi^htteteHaiaMs of • ready-witted troom much ptopssty was saved. aaappsan ta the foHewlag,tak»i from Wednerisyh tM. "AlmSh-finwreaoriosdnearthe Comet Bofai, Osaa, oo Msodw, Bth Jaaaaiy hr Monnfad-oanrtable OBhaaghneasy. The lattv Imwrdlalsli dlxmocctsd, and, 1st con junction with a man in the mtoIm of Mr l*&*. andeavourtdtestay fibding Hair efforts """tW^g, and **-'[>» s*-f Bre was goiag ahsad towards Mr. Warns* crop, omaughniasr #< — needed tn tVernarhfim. *hc|assl tfowe, IwwrSSyS WSttCb 