NEWS AND NOTES. We owe an apology to those pensioners who were misled by our paragraph on Saturday, in which by an inadvertence, that day instead of this day was announced as the one appointed by Mr Middleton for the payment of pensions. It is of course not enough to say that the unfortunate pensioners are so used to Mr Middleton's want of punctuality, that a day more or less given by them to the pursuit of their pensions is of little consequence. We hope that this time there will be a punctual attendance on the part of the paymaster. It is unnecessary to hope for the same from the pensioners. We believe that it is very probable that there will be a new candidate for Ballarat West, in the person of Mr A. N. Gilbert, a protectionist, but an opponent of the unconstitutional acts of the Ministry. As after Lent, in Papal countries, there comes the carnival, so after the fast day on Friday here there seemed to be on Saturday night a vastly more than usual abandonment of the townsfolk to the pleasures of shopping, marketing, and promenading. Sturt street, Bridge street, and Main street were hardly ever so busy as from 8 to 10 o'clock. Not only the footwalks, but the roadway also in Bridge and Main streets were crowded, and as the narrower footwalks there caused so large a concourse in the road, vehicles of all kinds had some difficulty in passing without considerable delay. Then the clusters of country-folks, who will persist in using the foot- walks as places on which to get rid of a week's gossip- of marketing folk round blazing shop-windows, round fruit-stalls, news-stalls, lolly-stalls-of thirsty or wonder-stricken souls, who grouped themselves about a "gin palace" or a "public"-of clusters of fun seekers, who try to get what they seek out of market-touters, or the constantly pressing and struggling mass of promenaders-all these make walking in a hurry an impossibility, and lead one to wonder what this town will be like in fifty or a hundred years hence, if it can make such a show as this of population, business, and wealth in the first of its teens of existence as a creation out of the antique forest. Another thought is suggested, and that is, that this bustling, laughing, buying, well- dressed crowd is representative of the mass of the people here who, so say protectionists and revolu- tionists, are ground down, oppressed by unsuccess, ignorant where to turn for a living, instead of being, as Saturday night and other nights and days would seem to say, a portion of the most happily conditioned people anywhere under the sun. It is notified in our advertising columns that nomination papers for the electoral district of Cres- will be received until six p.m. this day, at the residence of the returning officer, Crescent, Talbot, and not up to midnight as seems to have been an- nounced. A very singular occurrence, and that too attended with a serious result, took place at the upper end of the Standard lead, Linton, on Thursday, 4th January. A man of about seventy years of age, named John McQuillan, who resides there, has what he calls a favorite or pet cow, but which, as the sequel will show, is anything but well petted. On the day referred to, the animal somehow got into a hole, and was unable to extricate itself, when the owner happening to espy the animal in its difficulties, came to its assistance, and forth- with commenced to dig about it so as to enable it to get out. He was not long in clearing away as much earth as allowed the cow to get a footing; but in getting up, instead of walking away thankfully, the ungrateful brute made a dash at its preserver, knocking the old man down, and attempting to gore him to death on the spot. In the attack he got his ribs severely contused, and his left thigh-bone broken just below the great trochanter. The poor old man was cariied home, and being in great pain with his ribs during the night, Dr Hooper was sent for on Friday morning. On the doctor making an exami- nation he discovered the thigh bone broken as described, though it appears that the sufferer was not aware that he had sustained an injury of that kind. The doctor reduced the fracture and rendered such other assistance as was required. On Saturday afternoon the patient was progressing as favorably as the doctor expected. On the evening of Friday, 5th January, a man well known in connection with Wrathall's coaching line, popularly named "Old Jeff," and whose uniform attention to the requirements of the travellers, as also his punctuality in delivering newspapers, letters, messages, &c.;, has made him a favorite with every- body who knows him, was seized with a violent fit in the main street, Smythesdale, near La Motty's Court house hotel, and fell down on the pavement. A number of persons hastened to render assistance, and Mr Stoddart, Mr David La Motty, and others, humanely did everything in their power to restore the unfortunate man to consciousness. It was a long time, however, before any sign of reason returned, and even alter the poor creature was able to sit on a chair he had not recovered his senses, and was mut- tering incoherently. A person present thought it advisable to call a doctor, and went for Dr Jordan, who kindly hastened to see the sufferer, but "Old Jefl" had in the meantime been removed home to the Eldorado hotel. Mr Wrathall himself then hastily called Dr Jordan, who made the necessary prescriptions, &c;,, in tho case. During that even- ing the sufferer's reason only partially returned; and although he was, somewhat better on Sunday, yet even then his mind was so weak that the doctor suggested the advisability of having him removed from the hotel to some quiet place where he should be less exposed to excitement. The unfortunate man has had every attention paid to him, both medical and otherwise, and doubtless will be care- fully tended. At Clunes, on Saturday, the thermometer stood at 98 degrees in the shade at 3.15 o'clock p.m.; and at Creswick, at 8 o'clock p.m., at 92 degrees. The gross receipts from the picnic at Clunes, on Boxing Day, in aid of the local fire brigade, amounted to £87 5s, and the expenses £60 8s, thus leaving a balance of £26 17s in favor of the brigade. On the evening of Thursday, 4th January, at the half-yearly change of officers of Court Good Intent, Scarsdale, Dr Bangay was unanimously elected surgeon. In another column will be found some particulars of the late extensive bush- fires on Mount Warren- heip. Thursday's Police Gazette contains the following notifications:-To constable Patrick Gannon at Bal-l larat, the sum of £1 10s has been awarded in acknowledgment of his attention and tact shown in the arrest of George Simmons, for stealing from the dwelling of William Bird. The Eastern lock-up last night contained six drunkards, two brawlers in the street, and a female vagrant. In the Western station there was only one prisoner, an aged woman of 64, whose drunken loquacity was prolonged far into the night. The Water Commission will meet at five o'clock this afternoon. On this occasion will be considered councillor Cowan's long deferred notice of motion, as follows: That the engineers be requested to report, at the next meeting of the commission, upon the beat means, and probable cost, of clearing (by dredging or otherwise) Lake Wendouree of the rushes. That the engineers be requested to bring up a report at the next meeting as to the amount re- quired to thoroughly complete the water supply such report to set forth-1. The cost of extending the 18-inch mains from Lydiard street to the Swamp. 2\. The cost of laying earthenware or cast iron pipes from the reservoir to Kirk's dam, 3. The laying of such mains, riders, and service pipes as are required to supply the promises of all the ratepayers requiring same, and all charitable institutions in each borough. 4\. As to the advisability or otherwise with the cost of extending the mains as far as Sebastopol, with other works necessary for the supply of the residents of that place with water. 5, As to the advisability of forming additional reservoirs with the cost thereof, together with any other information they (the engi- neers) may consider necessary. A cricket match was played on Saturday on tho Eastern Oval between an eleven of the Ballarat West Club and an eleven from the Banks in Bal-l larat. The weather was a little too warm to be pleasant, and the players were as unpunctual as usual, but when once the game was begun it was played with some spirit, but want of punctuality in commencing deprived the players of time in which to complete the match. The South Australian Register records a melan- choly case of suicide at Kapunda:- "A young man named Edward Prince, the third son of the Rev. G. Prince, committed suicide in his bedroom by cutting his throat with a pocket-knife, at Kapunda, at about six o'clock, on the 1st of January, 1866. It ap- peared from the evidence taken at the inquest that the deceased, who was a draper's assistant, aged about nineteen years, had for some time previously complained of bad health, and had expressed his determination to leave Kapunda. The inquest was adjourned to Thursday next, at two o'clock, for the production of a letter written by the deceased to his father, and which it was supposed might throw some fresh light upon this melancholy affair. The body of the deceased was removed from Kapunda to Mitcham on Tuesday." A meeting of the Miners' Race Club is called for this evening at the Victoria hotel, Armstrong street. As the time for the race meeting draws near, it is desirable that there should be a good muster of the club. On the subject of retrenchment in the public ser- vice, the Sydney Morning Herald has the following:- "A circular has been addressed by the Colonial Secretary to the heads of the different Government departments, referring to the recent determination of the Legislative Assembly that some extensive re- trenchment should be made in the public service and suggesting that they should immediately turn their attention to the matter. They are reminded that the question they have to consider is, not whether or not retrenchment can be effected, but as to how it is to be carried out; and it is intimated that in the event of its being found impracticable to reduce the number of officials in their respective departments, reductions will have made in the salaries." The Otago Daily Times of the 20th December has the following anticipatory of a Mongolian rush to the land of the Maories:- "At length Dunedin is honored with the visit of a Chinese, in the person of Mr Ah Mei. He has come down to make inquiries on behalf of influential countrymen in Melbourne. Some half dozen more Chinese, we believe, are on their way here, and will assist Ah Mei in inspecting the gold fields. Should their report be favorable, a limited number of Chinese is likely to follow. Their desire, we understand, is to select a locality where they are little likely to come into collision or to interfere with the Europeans." A dust storm extraordinary is described by the Queanbeyan Age of the 28th ult.:-"Last Thursday a high wind, prevailing from the south-west, swept across the town and a large portion of the district carrying with it the most extraordinary clouds of dust we ever remember to have seen. Before the inhabitants of the town exactly comprehended the unusual occurrence, there seemed a very thick haze in the eye of the wind, which was heard to roar fiercely before its violence was felt in town. That haze proved to be dust and sand-so dense that it obscured everything beyond a few yards of where one stood; and so penetrating, that despite of closed doors and windows, every nook, corner and recess indoors was thickly strewn with dust and sand after the wind had abated. Nostrils, eyes, hair teeth and clothing, became all alike the depositories of the flying atoms, almost to suffocation. It literally rained dust, for the cloud swept not merely along the face of the earth, but rose high into the air, and seemed to mingle with the rain clouds which were floating overhead at the time. For the greater part of an hour the singular storm lasted; and for its violence and the quantity of dust it brought along with it, exceeded beyond all comparison the worst 'brickflelder' we ever witnessed in Sydney. The dust was at length succeeded by a shower of rain, being all the more cool and refreshing for the extra- ordinary event which had preceded it." We have from our files from New South Wales to the 2nd inst. The Sydney Morning Herald of that date contains the following telegram relative to the cap- ture of Dunn:- "Monday, 6 p.m. - At a station of Mr Perry's, on the Marthaguy, the notorious bush- ranger Dunn was harbored by a man named Walton, and, from information received, the Cannanbah and Coonamble police visited Walton's hut at daylight on Sunday the 24th December, when a half-caste called George Smith, rushed out of the hut, closely followed by Dunn, the police let the former pass, deter-r mined to have Dunn, whom they called on to surrender. Dunn took no notice, but ran off furiously, the police firing after him several shots, one of which took effect in his loins. Dunn then wheeled round and fired at constable McHale, wounding him in the thigh. Another lucky shot from the police struck Dunn in the ankIe, which brought him to the ground. Dunn was then secured, and, with the wounded constable, waa taken to Coonamble in a cart. James Almond alias Murphy, the bushranger, who has been stick- ing-up at different times within the last few days no less than 22 persons, has been fortunately arrested by Mr sub-inspector Hogg, below Mount Foster. 160 miles distant from Dubbo; he was brought into the lock-up today. Mr Hogg, who had been out some time before Christmas searching for the bushranger, was at Wambandy, the very spot that Dunn had stuck up, being Mr Biackett's store." Mr and Mrs Greville concluded their engagement at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, when the burlesque was repeated, preceded by "Mary Price," a melodrama. The attendance at the theatre was not very good. This evening Miss Gougenheim will make her re-appearance, when will be produced "Court and Stage," followed by the "Young Widow." 