THE SOUTH-EAST. [From the Border Watch, February 14.1 Dr. BboTOE's LiND Sat.il—The sale of land advertised to take place on Wednesday, the 7th, was in some respect a great event in our usually quiet town. Crowds of purchasers attended, ana although comparatively few of the sections ottered were bought, still the prices realized on those sold show clearly the estimation in which .the land in tliis district is held. The highest prices realized were £12 lis. and £12 10s. per acre is the Fahl Paddock, and for sections in < Caroline £12 9s. and £11 lis. It was unfortunate in one wayrfhat the weather should have been so oppressively hot. We have heard numbers of our Adelaide visiters com plain that after hearing,so much of the temperate climate of Mount Gambler they should, during their stay, have. experienced weather almost as oppressive and of as long continuance as they are accustomed to nearer the metropolis. We are informed by the auctioneer that since .the day of sale numerous applications have been made for sections at full rates, and one offer is under consideration for a block of some 200 acres at £15 per acre. There seems to he no ifonbc but that all the land for sale will speedily be occupied and broken up. The sections outside the Yahl Pad dock, Hundred of Gambier. are to be let on easy terms, with right of purchase at seven years. These sections, we believe, contain an area of nearly 9,000 acres, and there is thus an opportunity offered to people of comparatively limited means to secure farms for themselves with but a trifling outlay. Believing as we do that property in this •hstrict will increase in value every\year, we Bhould strongly urge upon those anxious do settle in our neighbourhood the advisability of making an early selection. The Kev. Mr. Needham.—Weaseolad to learn that the Ucv. Mr. Needham is steadily.improving in health, and that his medical attendant has more hopes of hk recovery now than lie had last week. (From a Correspondent J Dr. Browne's land sale, which was held here yesterday, was a signal failure, only some sffve or six lots being sola. Tue highest price obtained was £12 Us. per acre. The bidding for some of the best sections was spirited, but as they did .not come up to the reserve they were bought in. Che reserves were:-Best quality, £1210s.: second, £8: third, £6; and inferior, £3 per acre. The "talkis" that the reserves were all too high; that promising as farmers' prospects are, and favourable as the district is for farming.it cannot pay to give such prices for land. The Doctor will, however, be able to sell a large quantity privately, as there are not a few who would venture to come jup pretty close to his reserve. The Inspector of Schools (Ur. Dewliirst) is here, and has been making a tour of visitation through ore schools. He has chosen a bad time of the year, as so many children are detained at theme to help in fann-work. He finds the schools here, as a whole, not more than what they ought to be; the standard of education in some of them feeing very low. The country schools were almost deserted, the average attendance at each for the month being under a dozen. Ur. Dewhirst proposes to make the teachers pass an examination before having their licences renewed after the present year. I hope the Board will acquiesce. It will be a great protection to the public. The staraLudnf education is far too low in the country districts. Mr. Percy Hedley, a young man who has iieen living here for some years, died somewhat . suddenly on Sunday afternoon. He' had been very intemperate in his habits, but did not for some time. _ He was out fell about 4 o'clock, . when he went into the bouse, lay down, and 10 j , minutes after be was found dead. Harvesting is drawing to a close, There will be ' < a splendid average this year—not under 20 bushels, i t Thirty and 35 bushels is a common crop. The i steam thrashers—four in number-soeall busy at ', work. 11 The weather continues awfully hot. Judging J , by appearances, bush-fires most be common in | i the district at present. {] I 3 Thb Hossg VT AKyky tN Cetlos.—The Colombo < Observer<A December 28 says:—"Of the batch of j J horses by tha Eliza Goddard, 38 were sold on H Monday by Messrs- Venn A Co. at an average rate ' , of £26 -the highest price realized lor one being ' i £<»." i 