MONDA T, APRIL 2, 18G6. The M'CuxLOCH Ministry now occupy an extraordinary position, even for them, and thal is saying much. It is either their fata to be placed in trying circum- stances, or it results from that principle of retribution which is always operative, whether recognised or not, through, which a irooked policy insures to those who folkw it confusion and shame. We have latily had Mr. M'Cixllocii before the Assembly, confessing that ho and his colleigues are powerless to carry ont theil purpose, notwithstanding the strength of their majority. And this after all ïhe bravado which has been in- dulged h, and the threats which have been ultered from the Ministerial benches ! The Chief Secretary has discovered that his majority may bulle largely on a debate night, but that it is a source of embarrassment to hiin rather than otherwist when desirous to pursue a course ricommended by prudence and justice, i If rumour may be credited, Mr. M'Culloch has more than once been willing to adjust existing differ- ences with the Upper House, by sepa- rating tie Tariff from any objectionable adjunct ' and by altering the unusual preamble, as well as the temporary ope- ration (£ the act ; but the fear of en- countering the opposition of his sup- porters las been a greater obstacle to so politic a course than even his own pride or the pertinacity of his Attorney-General. To be taunted by his friends with cowardine or inconsistency would prove, he seems to apprehend, a severer penan« than frankly to acknowledge past mistakes, and, though late, to take a course which is constitutional Mr. M'Cuüoch may, however, rély upon ifc that the honest course will not only be best fir the public interests, but also for hh own. Ile must be under a strängt delusion if he imagines that the Upper House will surrender either of the paints upon which it last took a stand. It can no more accept the Gold Export Duty Bill in connexion with the Supply Bill than it could consider the latter were it attempted to force the acceptance of it by connecting it, as beforej with tn appropriation bill. The Upper House took its stand upon a principle, Its legislative rights seemed to be in- fringid by the course last adopted by the Ministry in conjoining distinct measures, if those rights were not st directly menaced as in the last session oí Parlament by a resort to the tack. Lei Mr. M'Oullocii ask himself wha! possible objection there is to the separa tion of the Supply Bill from the Qolc Duty Bill, and to the use of a preamble to which we have been long accustomed. There is and can bo no other objection than that above adverted to, that by now taking such a step the Ministry, would excite a party cry among their folloM'ers, and would virtually confess themselves to havo been formerly in the wrong. If Mr. M'Culloch has the peace of the country at heart he will, however, yet do that which is most in accordance with cons titutionah pro- cedure. Nor can the Chief Secretary allege that he has no inducement to pursue the course?. which-is hero indi- cated. The Upper House has inti- mated iii explicit terms that it will accept the Tariff Bill and the Gold Export Duty Bill if sent up as separate measures. Mr. M'Culloch cannot doubt the sincerity of this inti- mation, nor can he deny that this intimation is conciliatory in= its design. Had the object of the Legislative Coun- cil been an obstructive one, no such intimation would have been given. Mr. M'Culloch has declared that his Mini- stry retain their position with a view to pass the Tariff. He may pass his Tariff if he will present it in a consti- tutional manner, but not otherwise. It is a humiliating thing that such a dead-lock should have occurred so soon after we had obtained our coveted Consti- tution, While far from thinking that the Act under which wolegislate for ourselves ia perfect, we are satisfied that it would not have proved unworkable in the hands of wise and patriotic statesmen. Our present perplexities are owing entirely to the party spirit which has ruled in the Cabinet, and to the pride which knows not how to accept a defeat, and to profit by it. It may seem too much to hope that better counsels will yet prevail, This, however, we insist upon that as the responsibility of the present crisis rests upon Ministers, so will any evil consequences be chargeable to them which may yet arise from an adherence to a policy which seeks to overrido, if not to abrogate, the functions of the Council. If the proposal for a conference be- tween the two Houses should take effect, and a frank discussion should be entered upon in reference to recent differences, it is possible that an understanding might be arrived at which would lessen the probability of the oc- currence of similar differences in the future. Mr. Jenner observed that " a divided house could not stand." We accept the proverb as true, althongh not upon the authority of Mr. Jenner ; and we would remind that hon. gentle- man, and those who act with him, that a solution of our present difficulty might have been arrived at long ago if the party with which he is associated had employed their influence in main- taining constitutional usage rather than in resorting to inflammatory appeals to the populace against the Upper House. The Ministry seem to have been mistaken as to the value of the demonstrations which have been made, and to have expected that their measures would be accepted because so supported. Mr. M'Cul- loch and his colleagues appear to have imagined that the Council would yield to clamour, even though the existence of their order was threatened. Ministers have, however, realised their mistake ; and we forewarn them, that, if they are determined to carry their Supply Bill in a . high-handed and defiant manner, they will meet with no better success in their next attempt than lins attended their past efforts. And not only will they fail of success, but they will cover themselves with even deeper ignominy than at present rests upon thom. The grave danger of the Legislature of a young community like ours assuming in all their undefined breadth and un- certainty the privileges of the Imperial Commons, should have been apparent from the fact that even in England the doctrine of uncontrollable privilege is condemned. The best authorities pro- nounce it " eminently dangerous in a free " country, and repugnant to the analogy " of our Constitution." Yet in England there are many and various practical guarantees, which do not exist here, against the abuse of them. In early days, the arduous struggles of the Commons against the arbitrary power of the Crown furnished a very legitimate motive for guarding their privileges as jealously as possible. The undue prero- gative of the Crown in former times con- stituted the danger to the liberty of the subject, and to contend with it the Com- mons felt, and the public felt with .them, that they could not be made too strong. But danger from that quarter has long gone by. The wide and indefinite cha- racter of Parliamentary privilege has ceased for many generations to have a meaning and a necessity, and has long been condemned as an anomaly, and something worse, in the constitutional system. As Hallam points out-and there is no writer on these subjects at once so temperate and profound-" this " uncontrollable right of exercising dis " cretionary power for the public good, " is only analogous to what was once " supposed to bo vested in the Crown." And he continues to observe that no such extreme doctrino was "ever laid " down in express terms by any grave " authority" for the Royal prerogative, even " in the worst times of the Tudors " and Stuarts," as has been sometimes enunciated in reference to the privileges of Parliament. "If the matter is to " rest upon precedent, or upon what " overrides precedent itself, the absolute " failure of jurisdiction in the ordinary " courts, there seems nothing (decency " and discretion excepted) to prevent " legislators repeating the sentences of " James the First's reign-whipping, " branding, hard labour. Nay, they " might order a man to be taken from " their bar and hung up in the lobby. " Such things could not be done, and, " being done, would not be endured ; " but it is much that any sworn mi " nisters of the law should, even by in " definite language, have countenanced " the legal possibility of tyrannous " power in England. The temper " of government itself in modern times " has generally been mild ; and this " is probably the best ground of con " fideuce in the discretion o£ Parua ment ; but popular, that is, numerous " bodies, are always prone'to excess, both. " from the recipiocàl influence ot their ic passions and the consciousness of irre * sponsibility, for which reasons a de- mocracy, that is, the absolute govern- ment of the majority, is in general the "jniost tyrannical of any.". Now, when ai authority like Hallam can indicate so forcibly the unsuitableness of leaving Parliamentary privilege vague and .un- certain in a country like Britain, and . in a Legislature like the' - Innerial one, what must bo, tüe" datier of such indefinite powcrs^n a Legislature and among a community like those of Yictoria-so "young' «ex- perienced, undisciplined 1 No friend oft liberty disputes the proper privileges of Parliament. They are essential to the discharge of the duties of its high trust. It is oiily their indefiniteness, and so" their capability of arbitrary extension, that is objected to, and that is especially inappropriate and unsafe here. And the hope Government, when they gave us a Constitution, never contem- plated tjie assumption by the colonial Legislative of the privileges, in their looseness and vagueness, of the English Commoni. This is abundantly clear from the Wording of the clause in the Constitution Act, which did not make over those privileges in the indefinite shape posiessed in Westminster, but, on the contraiy, empowered us to define them-that is, to do with them what has not been ' done there. The Imperial authorities were not to suppose that we would act differently on this point from, other young countries-they wera not to presume that we woild be so blind to our interests as, to seize and append to the good things pre- sented that which waa obviously a bad thing, and was rot presented. Other people in entering on constitu- tionalism carefully avoided "Ms mistake. For instance, when the Uiited States conferred on their deliberative bodies the privileges required: due care was taken that they should hy defined nominative. Canada did tie same thing; so did the other chief colonies. On the contrary, the Victorian Parlia- ment availed itself of the aithority to define such privileges by ¿»fining them to be indefinite- resolvct that it would have them just the sane as those enjoyed by the Imperial Iloùje of Commons ! That this very notable jiece of colonial folly and presumption wa- ac- quiesced in in England only argues v,he carelessness or indifference "of, he Colonial Office of the day. When tie Victorian public suffered their reproset tatives to pass such a Privilege Ac, Downing-street certainly did not takt the trouble of setting til em right. In England, public distrust of the wideness and uncertainty of those powers of the Legislature, and even grave un- easiness at their retention in such au unsafe form, are exhibited in the opinions of the judges delivered from the bench, as well as in the treatises of writers' on the Constitution. Lord Denman, in his judgment in the case of Stockdale v. llamará, points out the legal anomalies of the prerogatives thus claimed. If Parliament sets itself above the law, it must be the supreme power, and it is on such supremacy that the claim is made. " But, then, the House " of Commons is only a co-ordinate " and component part of the Parliament. " That sovereign power can make or " unmake the laws, but the concurrence " of the three legislative estates is neces " sary. The resolutions pf any one of " them cannot alter the law, or place " any one beyond its control* And, again:-"If the Speaker, by authority of " the House, order an illegal act, though " that authority shall exempt him " from question, his order shall no " moro justify the person who executes " it than King Charles's warrant for " levying ship-money could justify his " revenue officer." Similarly says Hal- lam, " It is a doubtful question whether, " if they should pronounce an offence to " " be a breach of privilege, as in the case " of the Aylesbury men, which a court " of justice should perceive to be clearly " none, such excess of jurisdiction might " not legally be restrained by the judges." In fine, it is only the moderation of the Impci ial, Legislature which now prevents it from often coming into direct and scandalous conflict with the law of the land, and with the Constitution of which it is a pillar in all respects save only this one-tho de- spotically loose nature of its privileges. And we see how uneasily this uncer- tainty as to the extent of those privileges is looked upon in England, notwith- standing the various and potent re- straints upon their improper exercise. There, legislators are all cultivated men, and cultivation produces moderation. There, the conduct of the Legislature is a matter of historical pride, and/ he would be a bold man who would suggest to it inappropriate or arbitrary action. There, the educated classes are numerous, and their influence strong. There, con- stitutionalism is an affair of centuries, and is firmly rooted in the nation's mind-so firmly, that any arbitrary proceeding on the part of the most popular sovereign, minister, or deli- berative body, would at once,_ and simply as such, arouse an irresistible storm of indignation. Yet England distrusts, and shows that she distrusts, this flexibility of Parliamentary privi- lege, now dangerous, then, must it be in our new country, where public opinion is passionate and fitful, where libertyhas been obtained so fully and easily that apparently no value is set upon it, and where it seems really quite possible for a legislative chamber, when it gains for the time the popular ear, to do anything or everything it pleases ! Yesterday was one of the hottest days of the season. The wind wa3 light from the liorth-weflt, and the heat of the sun was intense. About half-past six o'clock a wel- come change took place, a fine light breeze thon Ectting ia from the south west. Tb cbauge was accompanied by enormous clads of duBt, which rose almost in a moment.\ The ordinary seven o'clock p.m. train tom Sandhurst broke down at Kyneton Staion on Saturday. It appears a pin had broten which connects the steam-valve tothopisjin, in consequence of which the train, waspe layed till the excursion^ratn came up, wjen , the fitatlon-inaster borrowed ona of the lattr'a ? engines to proceed with the disabled engine and train. - The volunteers appear to be greatly annoyed at not being able to travel from tho camp te their homes without paying fares. Thoy have, obtained a written warrant, which the railway officials, however, do not recogniBc. A little girl, five years of age, named Catho """ Q^.f), hn« hpfcn missing since Saturday t i, i i in ii'i Her friends are na> % i ."in-" her. ii j yvi.- n Sydney, that Sh í » j n 1 t% ut Galle, on his way i in ti ,ii iitenmer Ellora left i ii r*! ip us to day aro so i i tcibj o will bo desertad, I ui ' r amp will no doubt ., r " ui r i at Ballarat will Ii " « í 11 o. ile ngatta on tie t-rr i i-y'linn 11nterest for boat j j tV ", " by ihow at CollirR ii i j lu ;U< ii i In the Zoologljal , , i 'i - jio I Gardens reserve, u i ij j 11 ol v U3 kinds , and fho i i i» i ir tithe parka .ill attract crowds oí uolu!«., inkers. I A public meeting took place on Saturdly e\enwg, at tho Sir Henry Barkly llotll, Heidelberg, convened by Mr. A Farrar, fer mab a lesideot m the district, for tho pir 3 060 of publicly refuting a charge of Ubi and other charges brought against hiin byt)e ? elerk of tho Heidelberg-road Board ; and alo J for the purpose of considering the propriety of \ iflviiit for a special audit of the accountsof 1,h buaul for the years 1862 '3 4. Mr. C, "I. lobinsón waa in the chair, Mr. Foriar t¿iiiI from a very voluminous brief, com- mencing by reviewing tho proceedings of ¡ho road board as far back as 1SÔ3, and ah» a long andunmtorcsting conespjndence which bad taken place botvveea himself and the board and the a'sutant commlssiorcr of roads and brulgeB. This was frequently cbjected to by se- veral of the i att-puy ere as hav og nothing to do with the charge of libel. Constant appeals were made to tbo chairman jo keep Mr. Farrar to the real eubject for whlel tho meeting was called. Ha (Mr. Farrar) hcvingreacl.on lor an nour, an adjournment ifor ten minutes took place and on re-ass/mbling the uproar tecarae veiy grout. Some mischievous person icatttred about the roori an obnoxious scout, and bpeedily cleared tba place. Mr. Farrar liieu proceeded outside' and continued read- ing. At length, on tie motion of Mr. Wil- liam Whyte, it was re/olved unanimously : " That in tho opinien of this meeting, Mr. Farrar is a proper catdidate for admission lo the Yarra Bend ;" aid thus ended one of tie i strangest aad noUieA meetings ever hold in Heidelberg or else wlire. An amusing and pey lecture wa? delivered ?to the inmates of tie Bdaevolent Asylum on Thursday eveniag last, by Mr. Fisher, pria . cipal of tueBiiyst'eat School, Brighton. Tao subject was tho characteristics of Charles Dickens' writingi iuteraperted with extraéis from tho Ckim«. At the cjiiclaaion, Mr. Thomas Dicksoi, one of tho committee of .management, in conveying tho thanks of the inmates to tbo lecturer, iutim «tod that Mr. -Fisherhad kindly promised tocóme up again and try to amise them with a few specimens cf how the ôueen'd English is abused, and that Dr. Mueller, of the Botanic-gardens, had ?volunteeredJ lecture shortly. Tho cricbit match between the first eleven Of theM.Cp. and sixteen of tho Collingwood Commerclfl CInb, commenced on the 21th March, w13 returned on Saturday, on the metropolitan ground. On the first day each side playid out an innings, the Collingwood tutu scaring forty-four, and the Mo] bourne ek\ en fbity seven. On Saturdnj, the repre- sentatives of the Commercial Club made 107, ui,d tia Melbourne men, in tkeir second nniugs, bad Bcored sixty, with the loss of six »lckets, when the stumps wero drawn. On :he,CoU'rogyvoml Bide, Horan played a very tai innings for fifty-six, and hu wicket then felltoaRlowfmnr Knlltr. TlinnfivtliRHhsonrniH We J. and G. Kanneciy, who contributed I Dinetcon and ten respectively. For the Mél- lenme eloven, Wilson made twenty-Beven ; illy, nine; and W. Campbell, not out, ight. The bowling of M'IIurg, Ballard, and oughtey, of the Commercial Club, was very »d, and the longstopping of J. Kennedy «s also highly cteditablo. It was known °m the scores of tire piovious week that »re was evoiy probability of the game being W conttstod, and the attendance of spec ¡»ora was in consequence unusually large. pie match, which will not bd played out, was estcond best which has been played on the ouud this Beason. Ur.Candler held an inquest yesterday, at »lestowr., Caledonian Diggings, upon the «y of a Obinamau named Ah Wah, who J siüed on Thursday last, by a fall of earth, »sed was working below ia a claim, and »mpanionwas above at tho windlass, when i upper part of tho drive suddenly gave Ï. and buried deceased under the falling , * E°T 80t out in. about au hour, bul Mt live long after being extricated. It 1 "ot appear that any ono was to blame for «eurreacc, and tho jury returned a ver tof Accidental Death." n inquest has held on Saturday by Mr. »to, at the Yarra Bend Asylum, upon , «wy of o patient named William *T. aged twuuty-seven yeats Deceased, ;^ admitted on the 1st of December, . üitij oa Friday last; and the cause of ÏÏl} t£> be dysemBry- Verdict ¡"ihï (ho horses attached to a mount S ;?a",aiDS in Dßlby^reet, were fir, , hebreakiQS°f'ho reins and the 1 MTer' and bo!fced throuf* Fife el, ,n,Sht-0f-Way int0 Vi«l<>"a Ubrough Clarendon street into Albert NWtorotby were stopped by Constable n2fth°n^ofhi3offnlife. He Wed down by one of the horses, but »«I tafe.URht them to «standstill. KB Uw, Somuer, and Cu. write as -in Jour report of yesterday's exhl »» «» represented to have taken the P's or ryei wheroa8 the judges U! «M highest honour for this íftStana retUrn of the Prisoners ks tUblf°T »e Supreme Court, , '" ,ote magistrates, 10 males, 2 r'o . »h-(t (k,l^ rtcirvlt'1 i ]i " -u,'*t 'it ' irii-otir, 'I j J Di, \' '' l,11-<''i or inarm-, ji "i r "'' tl- '"'f« ot h,.,!, Í L " "^'i-ncnmUng^rthoCity | 'l ^ Mayo anlAltibrmaa |l u ,l L j a- ricota atlj tn8. vl U' >'rt '!/." folioJ»i«l<* à s « «litni'v rda.-Tuo. ^ ' - - i , Tune, Our as, -V.au »i-i i.M '*. Da.n iri'a.khi(i, tfTr,1i>> ^ti Vata-, M'lHi-\na jrc ,' ' '"' . \\\ill',iuOIasrt,y, I ' \ ' -"''' '-' ' >ood, Jui« Bjyd, 1 .' 'Jt' Orav, chafed I 1 i .t -,jsiIuö ïj'Oiuia cf í-a¡¡ I .' a , thin) mo<i ho. "leary I li' ! ''"«!\ v.i«se:U .ie-û. I ,ri w11,. "" °"ü muutlj William I « williwa Briggs, charted with a »'«Vewcwere fined, Ihghes 20d., 8 M. Jemima Martin, fe Ineu) ting la tie street, wbb flnd5i; aud Jane Johnson, brought up on the same ac- cusation, was'discharged. Some six or sovon other charges, all of an unimportant charac Îr, were remanded till Wednesday. .On Friday night, or early on Saturday orning, the premises of Mr. Gissing, tailor ii Fitzroy-strcot, St. Kilda, were burglariously entered, and property to tho value of £50 ear- ned off, including pieces of cloth, a roll of lollaud, mado up goode, and other articles, ilr. Gissing left the shop at ton o'clock on Friday evening, and at six o'clock the noxt norning the front-door yvns found open, and the robbery discovert d. The thief or thieves appear to have been well acquainted with the premises and with the habits of its proprietor, who has communicated with the detective force, and a clue has been obtained, it is be- lieved, as to tho identity of tho parties impli- cated. We take the following from the Gipps Land Times :-" The English pheasant is now, wo understand, to he numbered among tho feathered inhabitants of tho woods around the Moe, A gentlemnn who lately carno overland by conch, informs us that he saw quite a number of them in the locality, but Btatcs nko that thero aro people residing in the neighbourhood who ara in the habit of shooting and stuffing them. Considering that these birds, along with others, havo beon imported into the colony at a very great expense, and liberated with the express pur- pose of stocking our bare forests, scarcely any excuse can palliate such conduct, and an endeavour Bhould bo mado to stop tho de- struction at once." " A recent arrival from the Flinders," says the -Port Denison Times, "reports oxcollont feed and abundance of water in that district. The clip hoB boon remarkably good, averaging about 3Jlb. in the grease. The lambing has also been satisfactory, averaging about eighty five per cent, in the flocks that have already lambed ; but tho fiockoivnors aro not yet suffi- ciently well acquainted yvith the seasons to have fixed upon any regular time for lambing. Some of the flocks are commencing lambing now, and as tho feed is good, they have a pretty good prospect before them. The black- fellows aro pretty numerous on the Lowor Flinders, but not troublesome." Tho Mudgee Fxpress states that " a man of the name of King, who anived during the last week, en route from the Gulf of Carpen- taria, says that when about fifty miles from Bourke, he came upon the skulls and remains of five men, apparently about a fortnight dead, which had been more or loss burnt by a bush-fire. Near tho remains was a dray, and, as far as be could make out, the name of Grogan or Gregan, of Mudgee, was painted on the board. From appearance?, ho sur- mised that the party had been murdered when in camp by the blacks. Some anxiety is foil for the fate of a man named James Grogan, who left some time ago for Messrs. Cox anil Uowling's station, at Fort Bourke, with load- ing from Moffrs. Dickson and Barrows. II was his intention when ho left to pursue hit business of carter in that district." "The latest new industry," remarks th< Border Post, "is the manufacture of poad cider, which bas been commenced by some of the vinegrowers at Albury, Peaches latterly have been so abundant that it hag.been cub tomary to feed pigs on them-the windfall especially. Most of our vineyards, if not sur rcunded by peach hedges, havo at any rati plenty of peach trees growing about thom and the vinegrowers whilst waiting for tin rain to fit their grapes for gathering hav amused themselves by crushing their peache in the wine-press. The product is a ver; wholesome and refreshing boveragc, full; equal, If not superior, to any new cider w> have tasted." Mr. and Mrs. Caso's delightful entertain ment continues to nttracl largo audiences ti the rolytcchnic-hall, and we aro sure non ever go awoy disappointed. The beauty am finish of tho gentleman's performances oi the violin and concertina afford pleasure t all music loving auditoiB, no matter hoi often they are listened to, and the only draw back to tho pleasure of the performance lie in the rather too demonstrative pedal ac companiment which his spirited instrumer tation alnicat invariably elicits from tb auditory. His Scotch airs on the concertin seem to bo an irresistible provocation to bea ing time with the foot ; and when his instri ment gives out bagpipo dauco music, th auditors seem to fall under an uncontrollabl impulse to respond. Tho foot- beating the grows and Bwells until by and by it drowns ti music to which it is a responso, This is ia a ce tain way complimentary to tho artist ; but has! its inconveniences too, for the concortk is not a loud instrument, and some of ti player's finest efforts are destroyed when tb auditors choose to stamp their feet, be it i ever such strict accord with the muBic. I seconding his wife's efforts, too, in thoi parts of the performance in which she talc, the leading part, Mr. Caso contrives toasauu a simplicity of bearing which greatly e¡ bances the effect, and exhibits an admiratic of the lady's talents, which, though it scon to be assumed for dramatlo purposes, vv should suppose to be peiftctly genuine, Mi Case herself brings to the performance i which she is so successful n rare combinatic of qualities. She is about equally gifted i a singer and as an octrees, and the only thh that could increase the aptitude of her pt sonal appearance for the assumption disguises yvould be tho rendering of h less pleasant to look at in her ov natural character. Iudeed, when she "com on " as Mrs, Case, and octa or singa in th character, tho critical observer feels tempt to wonder that she should ever take t' trouble to assume any other. We ha already noticed Mrs. Case's performances ; most of her characters, nnd need only si now that on Saturday evening sho was successful as ever. In hor impersonation Mr. Sims Beeves she was particularly happ The make-up, the stage mannor, and t) singing, were all excellently Imitated, ai the faithfulness of the representation w attested by the hearty applause of ti audience. Indeed in the matter of applau Mr. and Mrs.Case's audiences aro rather mo generous than considerate, for they demai re-performances more frequently than ci be quite convenient to the perfoimei The Protean Cabinet, which was exhibited 'b,i course of tho evening, is certainly a wo I li.Jul piece of mechanism-that is, if it i \i't a piece of diablerie. A large case, Uko ci'iitry-box, with a visible space between j utM'i the stage, and olear fiont, sides, at ; uni. is well lighted from the top, so as t-liov its inside arrangements thorough! I Whi n the doora in front are thrown open GeorLâ tho samo size insido as out, and, oxee; tim'. ?» polo passes up the centre, it is qui einpty. Mr. Case takes his placo Inside, an the doors being shut, Mrs. Case pronounc toni" talbmanic words and opens the doo iii.iin-when, behold, her husband is gon 1 lu rame ceremonial is again gone throng ni i1 ?: r. Case re-appears. Many similar tricl wi;n> performed, to the astonishment ni ijLlIc.iit of the audience. By whatever mea ire ti. ; g is done, the illusion is very Coi iline. All who have not already seen 11 ».ir. V.iH. Case should make a point of doll bo before their charming ontortuininc closes. Sheridan's favourite comedy of " T, Itivnls" was performed at the Theatre Boy on Saturday, when Miss Cleveland, for ti first timo in Melbourne, played the rule of Lydia Languish. Although Mis3 Cleveland's abilities are of a kind which deserve to bo employed In something better than tho im- personation of mere sentimentalism, the character lost nothing by being placed in her hands, but, on the contrary, was rendered moro acceptable than many who undertake the part contrive to make it. Mr. Hoekins'a Sir Anthony Absolute, and Mr. Coppin'ß Bob, Acres, are so well known that comment respecting cither is quite needlesB; and of Mrs.Phillips's Mrs. Malaprop nothing more can be said than that it was the same Mrs. Malaprop which has so often de- lighted Melbourne audiences. With respoct to the other portions of the cast, a word of praise íb due to Mr. Vincent and Mr. Stewart, for the manner in which they performed their respectivo paris. Tho ontertainment, which was witnessed by a full house, concluded with the farce of " The Critic." The treasurer of tho Melbourne Hospital ackuowledgc-s the receipt of £5 Gs. from Mr. Ralph Cohen, being a reward for finding a valuable piece of jewellery. 