TOWN AND COUNTRY NEWS I Resignation of Mr Plunkett. — Soon after Mr. Plunkett's arrival from Melbourne by the steamer on Sunday morning, he was infoiui»d that Mr. Burd'kiu had been gazetted as Colouml Treasurer. Early on Monday morning he cftllod at the Colonial Kc»Tetury,H office, in re ference -o the appointment (of which he appeared to have had no previous intimation), but Mr. Cowpcr had not returned from tho o-untry. Mr. Plimkett, however, left a letter for the Prpnmr, stating that he bad heard with very great n*tuTiiBhnMnit of Mr. Burde kin's appointment an Colonial Treasurer, that he could not recogiiteo in that gentleman a single qualifica lion for Ibe office, that he could ooi place any confidence in his ability or bia expmfncc, and that he must decline to erknowlfdge him ana colloHpw; be wax therefore, although with much regret, compelled to remgn his seat in the Ministvy, and would only hold the office of Attorney* General till hi* Mirce-eor wax appointed. He would, how ever* be huppy tn u*e bin influence aq a member of the Legislative Council, in w*iwting 'he passing of tho financial mraeurea of th-* Government. LnmiiALiTY.— Mr. John Oilcbriat, of London, a partner in the Aim of Gilchrist, Waff, and Co., of Ibis city, has jtifit preFcntrd, through the Hon. J. B. Watt, M.L C., the sum of throe hundred pounds to the funds of the Destitute Children's Asylum, two hundred and fifty pounds to the Sydney Infirmary and Dinpennary, and tho Rum of one hundred pound* in aid of ihe Sydney Ragged Schools funds. Afier all the t-alk w e have recently had about absentees, the fact, of these uplendid donations having been presented un*oiirifcd cannot be too widely made known. Black Sand.— A specimen of this ore worked fn Wheeler' b Amalgamator, at Mr. Hobblewhite's last weeV, weighing 10 Ihe, ; (be produce was over 4 ounces of fine gold. This hhows the immense valuo of an article hitherto .considered by miners of no value, but which can now be profitably worked by the application of proper amalgamating machinery. Meeting of Magtbtbatrs.— A rather numerous meet ing of magistrates, convened by circular, was, on Tuesday, held it the Central Police office, 'lor the purpose of con sidering the circumstances which led John Kettle, Esq., J.P., to prefer againBt inspector Itcid a charge of assault, and of un courteous and insulting language towards him (Mr. Kettle), whilst acting in obedience to a summons from the Mayor, at the Water Police office, on the 8th December last.' Mr. Murphy was voted into the chair. Mr. Kettle, at considerable length, stated the circumstances out of which his complaint arose, and the subsequent proceedings at the Wator Police Court. Considerable discussion followed. On the motion of the Hon. Alexander Campbell, tlie follow ing determination was arrived at ' This meeting is^ of opinion thai the cane stated by Mr. Kettle is one in which the justices cannot interfere.' Deniliquin Assizer.— We understand that Mr. Butler will proBccute for the Crown at the firrt Deniliquin Assizes, to commenco on the 22nd instant. Sir Alfred Stephen, who is to preside at this Court, will leave Sydney to-day for that purpose. His Honor will proceed by way of Mel bourne, The Weather.— The weather at Sydney on Tuesday was cooler and more cloudy thAn it has Seen for some con siderable time past, and at night we were gladdened by a gentle shower of rain. The rain began to fill at about 8 o'clock, and continued to a late hour* The rain, however, which has as yet fallen is very alight, and in all probability local in extent. Unless it be the precursor of more copious fchowcrs the evils of the disastrous drought whioh sow prevails everywhere, entailing the most direful conse quences, will not be mitigated. Dramatic Entertainment.— An amateur dramatic entertainment was given on Tuesday i a connection with the St. Benedict's Young Men's Society. The trick* in magic by an amateur 'wizard/' were reckoned very clever, and the audience fully appreciated the perfrrmanccs. The weather was unfavourable, and tbe attendance was there fore not bo large aB in all probability would otherwise have assembled. An Impostor.— We arc informed that a person calling himcelf Charles Sinclair has, within the last few days, been attempting to obtain money under false pretences. It ap pears that he has been using the name of the Rev. Thomas Kemmis, of St. Mark's, Darling Point, and in one or two instances, in the neighbourhood of Darling Point, succeeded in obtaining money oy dishonest means. One instance has come to the knowledge of our informant, of the impostor having obtained cash for a cheque drawn in favour of Mr. Kemmis. with tho signature of John Frazer, evidently a forgery, the cheque having been refused payment at the bank to which it was presented, with the mark upon it ' no account.' A respectable tradesman cashed the cheque for the impostor, ana is therefore defrauded to the extent of £5. As further attempts may possibly be made by the person calling hinwlf Charles Sinclair, we insert this paragraph as a caution. United Prayeb Meetings.— The first of the series of United Prayer Meetings, in connection with evangelical Christians throughout the world, was held on Monday in the Pfesbytenan Church, Phillip- street. The Rev. Adam Thomson presided, and the Rev. C. Kent delivered an address on the following subject : , -( Acknowledgment of Divine mercies ana confession of sin.' Prayers having reference to the same sentiment were offered by the Be vs. T. Johnson, R. S.Paterson, and Mr. Grey. The Revs. Messrs. Pitman, Nevin, and R. Hossack were also on the platform.— The second of the series of meetings^ now being held in Sydney for special prayer, took plflAft on Tuesday evening, in the Baptist church, Bathurst elreet. The Rev. James V oiler presided, and read portions of Scripturo from the 67th Psaun, the 5th chapter of St. Matthew, and the 4th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles. The Rev. Joseph Oram delivered an address on uthe Christian Church, that its testimony may be dearer, its faith stronger, and its devoteduess, liberality, and zeal ?enlarged.' Several gentlemen then successively offered prayer. Temperance Meeting.— A meeting ostensibly for the jiuipose of ndvocating the principlusof total abstinence from all intoxicating liquors, but which partook mote of the nature of a popular entertainment, took place in the City Mission chapel, Sussex-street, on Monday evening. The attendance was numerous, every Beat being occupied. Suitable addresses, vocal instrumental music, and re citations made up a very agreeable entertainment, which was evidently appreciated by the audience. Death of Dunn, the Bushhanger. — We were on Monday shown a private letter to a gentleman in town, in which it is stated that ' Dunn, the bushranger, has saved the Government the price of a rope, and he is now under ground. An effort, it is said, was made to extract the bullets from his back, which proved unsuccessful, and he sank under the operation.' No farther particulars are given. From a paragraph in our issue of yesterday, it would be observed thatbunn's case was from the first considered hopeless by his medical attendants. Thus has ignominiously perished the last of Ben Hall's gang) bo long the terror and the scourge of the colony. Tatteeball's, — A meeting of the members of this club frpifl at the rooms, on Monday, when the sweeps on the late Champion Raoe in Melbourne were paid over to the j winners, and tho settling on ihe raoe also took place. There I was very little business however to settle, but what engage ments there were, were satisfactorily discharged. Some little speculation took plaoe on the Gold Cup, Tarragon i being the favourite at 4 to 1. An offer of £100 to £20 was | immediately snapped up, and a good deal of money could j have been had at the same price ; but the bookmakers ? refused to lay more than 4 to 1. For the St. Legor, Clove ! and The Pitsford divided the honours of first favourite. Bains in the Interior. — From letters received on Monday morning, we leam that heavy rains have fallen in various parts of the western interior. On the 2nd instant the country around Hartley was visited with a thunder storm, which carried away some of the settler's fences, and swept a good deal of the stone off the road. Between Mount Lambie and the Frying Pan there were several showers during Christmas week. On the Mudgee Road, at Keene's swamp, and at Tabrabucoa there was a thunder storm on Tuesday last, which must have been very heavy, as it swept across the road in several places. An old bridge, on the Main Western Road, at Larra's Lake, near Molong, was washed away ; the flood was the highest that the Molong Creek had seen for several years. The Bell River has been over its banks at Wellington. We also observe that thunderstorms had fallen in tho Albury dis trict, and that at Mullengandra there had been a regular flood, a portion of the road for a short time taking the appearance of a sea. Haymauket Improvement.— A meeting of the Hay market Improvement Committee was held on Monday at the Burrangong Hotel, ' George-street South. The sheets of signatures to the petition praying for increased market accommodation at me Haymarket.wero handed in by the different persons entrusted with their collection. The sig natures to the petition numbered 1833. The chair was taken by Mr. O'NeQ. A deputation consisting of Mr. O'Neil, Mr. Herdern, and Mr. Tighe, was appointed to wait upon Alderman Sutherland, requesting him to present the poiition to the Municipal Council* After some minor business the meeting broke up. Voluntbek Rifle Shooting.— On Saturday last, a return rifle match, between ten members of the Parramatta Company and ten of No. 1 Company 6. B. V, Rifles, was shot at the Volunteer Rifle Range, Paddington, the distances being 200, 300, 600, and COO yards, five shots at each, with the Enfield, in Hythe position. The wind was unfavourable for good shooting, being very strong and variablo from the north-east. It will be seen by the soores appended that the representatives of No. I were victorious by 23 points No. 1 Company. 200 800 500 600 Total. Private PhUUpB ... M 0 15 11 49 61ade ... 1G 11 U 6 44 Brownlow ... 14 11 5 12 42 8ergeant Close ' ... IS 12 10 7 42 Ensign Hunt ... 12 9 U 9 41 Private W. Freeman ... 11 9 11 6 87 Corporal Cooper ... 14 10 5 7 86 Private Pinch ... 11 5 10 0 83 Wickbam ... 10 12 7 5 94 Corporal Johnson ... C 5 8 2 16 121 OS 88 74 876 Farrramatta. 200 800 500 600 Total Sergeant Pyc ... 14 9 3 18 41 Private M'ftonald ... 18 12 6 6 89 Ritchie ... 14 13 10 2 39 Captain Brown ... 12 8 12 5 87 Sergeant Smith ... 11 10 10 5 86 Private Houison ... 11 7 10 9 37 Bohlo ... 11 6 11 4 35 Coalos ... 10 7 6 7 32 lieutenant M'Dongall ... 11 9 10 2 32 Private Fairclough ... 10 2 8 2 22 ~UT 65 && M Wl Foundation op fix, Charles'* Church, Waverlet. — On Monday morning the f6undation**tooe of the new Roman Catholic Church, of St. Charles Borromeo, at W a verity, was laid by the Vet/ Rev, the Vicar-General Sbcchy, according to the forms and ceremonies prescribed by the Roman Catholic ritual, and fn the presence of a large number of the clergy and laity of that oommunion, Tbe Very Rev. the Celebrant, was assisted by the Vene rable Archdeacon M'Encroe, the Rev. N. P. Woolfrey (the parish priest), end the Rev. Messrs. Dwyer, O'Reilly, M'DeviLt, rorde, Garavel, Powell, McCarthy, and Darcy ; the Rev. P. Fitzpatrick acting as master of ceremonies. The site of the intended edifioe is on the north-west tide of the present wooden building now used as a church, but far too small for the accommodation of the parishioners. At about half- past 11 o'clock, the attendant clergy muvoiin E recession from ihe old church to the foundation stone, t-aded by a crossbearer, and aoolytes in surplices, carrying wax tapers, a mallet, a troweL and all other things necessary for the due performance of toe ceremonial. Arrived at the spot, where everything bad been prepared for the occasion, the Litany of the Saints was sung by tho clergy, after which the foundation-stone was solemnly blessed by the Vicar- General, acting 'under a faculty from tho Archbishop, at present absent from the colony. At the conclubion of the service the Rev. N. P. Woolfrey, the cJeigyman of the parish, standing on a small platform near the northern door of the building now in use, preached an eloquent and appropriate sermon from the 1st verse of the 86ih (87th) psalm : ' Her foundations are on tho holy mountains, the Lord hath loved the gates of Sion ' From thin tixt (taken frtm a psalm which had formed part of the appointed sendee) the rev. gentleman dwelt, in forcible tcrrus, upon the importance of the work in which they were that day engaged ; the necessity that there was for them to provide a suitable edifice for the due ministrations of their holy religion in that locality, and, above all, a permanent church wherein the sacrifice of tho altar might oe offered up in commemoration of that great sacrifice whi'.h the Redeemer had made of himself for them and for tbe whole world upon the cross. He exhorted th^m all thoroughly to identify themselves with the cause of that Holy Catholic Church, of which Sion of old was but the prefiguring type ; to set their hearts on ber strength, and so to distribute her houses that it might be related to anotker generation. Thankful for the goods of this world with which they had been ble&sed;, let them come forward and with liberal hand, deposit their offerings on the foundation stone which had thai dav been folemnly blessed. Let them do this, assured that God loved a cheerful giver, and that what they gave for his cause Bbould be repaid to them a hundredfold. By contributing towards tbe ercction of a church, such as it was now pro posed to build, they would not only be providing for the promotion of tbe cause of Christ, for the instruction of the present generation, and for the due performance of all the Holy offices of their religion, but they would also be setting up a landmark to future generations. He hoped that ere loDg the walls of their new church would be raised, the structure happily completed, and that in it they might all soon have the happiness of assisting at tho celebration of the holy Euch anot. The Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe then briefly addressed tho people, and expressed the great pleasure he felt in being present at the laying of the foun dation stone of that church. He had been present when the building; new found too small for them had been founded, and had lived to seo the great change which had been brought about there, as elsewhere in the colony, by the good providence of Almighty God. The rev. gentleman, in thccourse of his remarks, made a touching allusion to tho fact that tne body of the first Christian ever buried in Australia (the Rev. P. Receveur, chaplain to the La Perouse expedition^ was buried in that parish, end advorted to the feelings witn which he had first offered up a prayer by the side of the grave of that good priest, who died and was buried in the vicinity of that spot long before this country was colonised. AJiter the addresses a collection was made at the stone — the Rev. T. McCarthy, the Incumbent of St. Benedict's, acting as treasurer— when upwards of £260 were subscribed. The new church of St. Charles Borromeo will be a cruciform structure, the altar facing the tcesl, the principal entrance being on tne eastern side. In the northern transept will be placed the choir, and in the southern will be the sacristy. The length of the nave, or body of the church, will be about seventy feet. The principal walls Mill be twenty- five feet high, and pierced by lancet windows,— the altar window being of a later da^e, and filled with elaborate tracery. The architect is Mr. W. Munro{ and the contractor Mr. John Howley, who, not long since so efficiently carried out the alterations and architectural improvements at the Sacred Heart Church at Darlinghuret. Amongst the laity present were Mr. John Birrell, Mr. C. St. Julian, Mr. Thomas Gregan, Mr. W. G. bloom, Mr. C. Logue, Mr. P. O'Brien, and Mr. GOle gan. Mr. James M'Connell supervised all the arrange ments made for the entertainment of those present after the ceremony was over. . Under tents and booths, and at the adjacent parsonage, cakes, fruit, sandwiches* and other savoury comestibles were dispensed with a hospitality that appeared to be veiy heartily appreciated. Bush Fires.— Those who know the value of grass in a season like the present, and those who are compelled to live in an atmosphere of 105' in tbe shade, can appreciate the heavy loss and the intolerable nuisance arising from bush fires. Owing to the want of a legislative enactment, such as the one in force in Victoria and in South Australia, im- posing heavy penalties on persons setting fire to the grass, there is no checks this kind of incendiarism in New South Wales. Generally about the months of January and February in each year, the country settlements are sur rounded by conflagrations on every side. Thousands of acres of valuable pasturage, and miles of fencing are annu- ally destroyed, whilst the inhabitants of a town like Albury often have to turn out two or threes times a week to beat away the bush fires from the outside farms. Not merely property, but sometimes life itself is end angered by these visitations, for it is impossible people can lie down to rest in safety when the ranges all around them are illuminated by an advancing line of fire extending for miles ; leaving behind it thou sands of blazing logs which light up th land scape so as to make it present the appearance of an im mense city after nightfall. Wo are sorry to say most of these fires are the result of gross carelessness. We look upon the man who starts a bush fire as being equally cri minal with the man who thrusts a firestick into the farmer's haystack. The grass is the sole dependence of the grazier ; it is as valuable to him as the standing wheat crop is to the agriculturist. Moreover there is no saying where a bush fire may stop. It may sweep over the country for scores of miles, and it changes its direction with the ever-varying changes in the wind. Perhaps by great exertions a num ber of people may beat it out, but it usually bursts forth again two or three days afterwards to scatter fresh desola tion around. Of course when the grass is dry as tinder, fires may be accidentally caused. The friction of dry branches agitated by the breeze, against one another, or the concentration of the sun's rays into a focus through the bottom of a broken bottle — causes like these have been known to produce bush-fires. Very often it is the match used to light a wayfarer's pipe, which has been thrown down alight — or it may be the smouldring gun-wad of some cockney sportsman. Persons camping out and leaving the camp- fires unextinguished are, however, the chief causes of bush fires. An instance of this occurred on Mr. Dight's run only the other day. An individual (whose name is known) was travelling with cattle, and instead of camping beside one of the lagoons which are numerous enough at Bungowanah, he lighted his fire in the long grass and left the embers burning. The result was the destruc tion of about 6000 acres of grass in Dightfe home paddock* and the loss of a large portion of the fence. The homestead was saved with difficulty, through the assistance of about a dozen men from Brewer's and other farms. The fire started a second time and burnt the fence of Mr. Polton ; threaten ing also a number of other selections. Mr. Dight is of course a heavy loser, and will have to send away a draft or two of cattle, from the scarcity of feed. Certainly he may have hiB remedy by civil prooess if he chooses to go to law, and if the individual causing the loss happens to be in a condition to pay damages. But it is not very often that the originator of a bush fire is discover able, and we know one or two other people who have had large paddocks destroyed without being able to ascertain who tne offender was,- Of course so long as Australia possesses a dry climate, and so long as natural objects enact the part of Prometheus in bringing down fire from heaven, nothing will put an entire stop to bush fires. But a strin- gent legislative enactment will do a great deal towards making people more careful ; and in that case, instead of having fires almost duly, we should only experience them on a few occasions, we are glad to see that Mr. Mate, undeterred by the failure of his maiden attempt to pass such a bill, has now moved the Assembly into committee on an early day, to consider the propriety of introducing a bill to prevent the careless use of fire. Three or four years ago the measure was not such an urgent necessity as it has sanra become, from the increase of settlement, the opening up of diggings here and there, and the dispersal of popula tion through the land. — Border Post, January 3. The Late Sticking-up at Foxlowe.— We are happy to hear that the gang of robbers who stuck-up the station of Mr. Hosking, at Foxlowe, on the night of Friday week last have fallen into the hands of the police : that a quantity of stolen goods have been recovered : and (hat the parties con cerned in the robbery will be brought to justice. Benjamin Jennyn, a resident of Jingera, was charged by constable Watson, at the Queanbeyan Police Court, on Tuesday last, ^ ' with being concerned in the robbery. Watson tracked ' horses foot from the store, alone the toad to Jermyn's plaoe, and at a little distance away found behind some granite boulders, .in a cave, having its mouth blocked up with stones, a corn sack half-full of tea, and in a hollow tree, at the same place, another corn sack, containing a quilt and a bag of sugar ; the tea and sugar had been claimed by Mr. Hugh Vallance, of Foxlowe, the latter being branded HV Wetson saw accused coming towards him on noreeback, and arrested him, when he e aid he knew nothing about it. Tbe constablo then took Jermyn to his rosidenoe, and fn his bed room found a lot of drapery, consisting of brown holland, French merino, broadcloth, tweed, &c.; The case was re manded for eight days, bail being refused, it being under stood that other suspected persons would be in custody be fore that . time, end important evidenoe forthcoming.— Braidwood Dispatch, December 6. The Border Bost of 3rd instant says :— During the past week, the weather at Albury has been fearfully hot— the thermometer registering 102 degrees in the shade for three or four days together. On Sunday and Monday evenings there were moderate thunder showers, whioh penetrated trenched ground to the depth of two inches, reviving the pumpkins and greatly benefiting the vines. At Mullen gandra there was a regular flood on Monday evening, the water being up to the second rail of Pankhurst's fence, and the Sydney road for a short time taking the appearance of a sea. Two or three large bush fires which had been burning near Albury for several days were extinguished by the rain. The Drought.— The most lamentable news reaches us from all quartets as to the terrible consequence* of the drought, A tradesman of this town (Young) whilst travel ling through the country a short time stnoe, came to a station ana thought to obtain a drink of cold water, as the water he had in a keg on the wagon with which he was journeying was quite warm. What was his astonishment, when a woman came out and implored hhn to give her a few quarts of water for herself and children, one alleged that on the previous day her husband had gone with a horse end cart for water, but that the horse had fallen down dead on the road from thirst, and till another horse could be found they would have no water. Tbe residents of the levels suffer very much. About fifteen years ago they bad to leave their homes from the cffects of a drought, but since then there has been no com parative scarcity of water till this season, but Bhould not rain soon fall copiously, they will have again to abandon their dwellings. The present waterholes and datns do not contain a supply for more than six weeks at the farthest. There is not a Slade of grass, and some time Binoe most of the stock wss sent away to more favoured localities. There is one large waterhole to which cattle come for miles, exhausted by travelling and famished with thirst. Many of them after drinking never come eut, and there are no less than eighty or ninety head lying dead at its brink. Even the opossums are found dead in great numbers in various parts of the bush, — Burrangong Argus. More Sticking-up.— As we fully anticipated, the re ports that have appeared in our contemporaries, about the appearance of Thunderbolt in the neighbourhood of Dubbo, are without any foundation whatever. We have to record this week the stick icg-up of several stations and public houecs by this vsgabond and his three (one report says two) mates, tiloate on the Moonie and Barwin Rivers, not far from tbe borders tf this colony and Queensland. A correspondent .writing from Mogil Mogil, on the 27th ultimo, states that on that day Thunderbolt and his gang stuck up Mogil Mogil station end the Goondoobline station, belonging to the Messrs. Bagott. From the latter place they took ell the firearms and three or four horses, but took nothing from Mogil Mogil. Mr. Robert Walker, the pound keeper, at Mogil Mopil, had a copy of the Examiner of the I6th December, giving an account of the late exploits of this gang at Carroll, and they made Mr. Walker read the whole of it to them, and seemed much disgusted with some portions of the report. Mr. A. Goldman, of Narrabri, who had just returned from the Moonie, confirms the report of the sticking up of Mr. Bagott's station, and that the bushrangers took from there the owner's revolving rifle. He also states Mr. Earie's public-house at Collerendabii, on the Barwin, was Ftuck up, and Mr. Henry Chambers's public-house, on the Mebi River, by the same gang. We leain further from Walgett, that information liaa been received there of the depredations of these ruffians at the places before mentioned, and that they bad 6tuck up Mr. Fletcher's store, next to Mr. Earie's public-house at Collerendabri, and took from there money and goods amounting to about £20. They also took from Mr. Earle trome£l4or £15, and remained at his house till midnight. Betore going to Earie's it Ktmfi that they had stuck up the Burren Burren Ftation belonging to Mr. John Eckford, of Maitland, distant not far from Mr. Bagott's statiop, but took nothing from there. All these stations arc close together, and could be stuck up by tbe gang in less than two days. On leaving Collerendabri, it it is believed they either took the route to the Mehi River or the Upper Namoi. — Tamworth Ex - eminer, January 6. Embryo Bushrangers.— By a private letter from the Macquarie River we learn that a young man, abouteighteen years of age, armed with an old gun, came some days since to a camp of four men (teamsters), and ordered them to * k bail up.' They did so immediately, like brave men, with the exception of one, the oldest of the party, who refused ; snd running to the dray armed himself with a pair of baznes. Ihe bushranger attempted twice to fire, but the gun would not go off, so he himself sloped, leaving the three men panic-stricken, never attempting to capture him. The old man's little boy told thebushranger that he had better beoff as bis father 41 meant it,' which remark no doubt accelerated his flight. I am sorry to say, remarks the writer, that the next esse I have to notice had not so fortunate a termina tion. Four horsemen, armed with piBtols, rode up to Mr. Blackett's, storekeeper, Wembandry, in the evening after dark, calling him out of the house, as if requiring to make some purchases in the store. Tbcy then made him prisoner, rifled the cashbox, and robbed tbe store. Doubtless they would have met with resistance, but for the '? ruse ' they used in getting Mr. Blackett away from the house where he kept his urns, which fad was doubtlea* known to them. I have since heard one of the bushrangers has been shot by the police.— Western Examiner^ January 6. Gaol Bread, — A long time has elapsed since we heard eny ccmplaints from the prisoners about the gaol rations ; but on Thursday la*t they complained that the bread was not so good ss they ought to receive^ and a Board was held who decided that the bread was very good. Yesterday morn ing, the complaints were renewed and tbe prisoners again refused the bread : we 6aw one* of the rejected loaves, and are bound to say that the sample is fully equal to what is tequired by the contract, and, in our opinion, better than men who nave violated the laws of the land deserve. The bread in the terms of the contract is made from two-thirds fine wheaten flour and one- third maize flour, and is of good colour, sound and wholesome ; indeed we are certain that many hard working, honest families are thankful to get bicad tbnt is sot uouh bu Thp bntU ie ilia'; vm pfi» Eoncrs in the present day are too veil fed and cored for ; man;' of them are idle and really worthless characters who while they have plenty to eat and nothing to do, do not heed the confinement in the gaol. We would not aarocate the adoption of cruel or harsh measures with criminals, but we cannot help thinking that if something like hard labour were provided for them, and they were compelled to earn their provisions, they would more carefully shun the prison, and the public would be saved the coBt of tbeir maintenance ; but while they are provided with plenty of good bread, meat, vegetables, tea, &c.;, &c; , with no work to do, they fdacy themselves better off inside the gaol walls than outside. The men should be made to grind their own corn, and if the refractory ones were put on short rations, we doubt aot tlieii courage would soon be cooled, and we should hear less of their grumblings and complaining*. — Bathurst Free Press, January 6. The Weather and the Bush Fires. — Writing to the Bathurst Free Press the Fish River correspondent of that paper says : — The weather here still con- tinues very dry, although it threatens for rain every day. During the last week or two we have been visited by lenible winds, hot and parching, before which everything in the shape of vegetable life is withering away completely. The crops do not present a very promising appearance. A great deal of wheat has been cat for hay, the yield of which is wretchedly dight ; and, as for oats, unless tain speedily falls, I do not think there will be any. The want of rain is also severely felt in other ways ; grass is scarce, and the cattle very poor. Bush fires are extremely prevalent in this neighbourhood, — doing a great deal of harm to farmers and stock. I heard this morning of two fanners living between this place and the Fish Eiver having their places burnt to the ground the other day, losing, I am told, ell they possessed. The Demolition of the Episcopalian Church at Nabbabri by Hurricane. — Tho Wee Waa Cor- respondent of the Tamtcorth Examiner says : — Thursday, the 21st ultimo, was very hot here, accompanied with an almost suffocating warm air— it could scarcely be called wind. To me it seemed almost unparalleled either here or in India, where I have sojourned for several years, and in rite 01 the highest temperature. Between the hoars of and 2 p.m., the thermometer stood in the shade from 113 to 117 ; and the lowest was 102 during the day, until between 4 and 6 o'clock p.m., when we had a hurri cane of wind, thunder heary - rain, which con tinued, after the wind and thunder had subsided, at intervals until nearly midnight. Intelligence arrived here early next morning, that the reoently built Episcopalian church at Narrabri was blown down level to the ground, scarcely a vestige left standing. The harmonium and all the furni ture entirely demolished. This disaster is deeply to be regretted, as there was much anxiety, trouble, and expense bestowed on this Bacrod little edifice, and it was only opened for Divine service about eighteen months ago. That this building above ell others should have turned out to bs so fragile in its structure, that it. could not withstand one brief hurricane, is really surprising. From an examination of the timber and workmanship, by practical men, it ap pears certain that the lives of many have been in great jeopardy since its first opening. Tebbjtic Hail Stobm at Louee. — Since my last communication, we have been visited with a series of thunderstorms for several successive days, which tertoinated on the 11th with, not a hail, but a chopped ice-storm, totally destroying all before it or that came within reach of its influence. The wheat crops have been severely cut up in many {daces. On the farm of the widow Turrey the loss is 'estimated at over 300 bushels; absut thirty have been gathered. At Louee about one-third is destroyed. Tho wheat paddocks being about two miles distant, the garden on the farm missed the fury of the storm. Walker, Kitchie, and other farmers in tho neighbourhood, sus tained damage more or less to tho extent of three bushels an acre, and so on to Bock Valley, where the violence of the storm was again severely felt, destroying wheat here to the (xtent of ZiDO bushels. Grape-vines, to a large extent, havc_ likewise perished, besides nearly all the peaches in the district. Several intervening farms escaped tne storm alto gether. Indeed, at Gulgowra, the farm of Mr. P. Maloney, not more than two miles in a direct line trom Rock Valley, the reapers never stopped work all day. There was a thunderstorm on Saturday last, but unaocompanied by much rain.— Correspondent of the Mudgee Liberal. Clevf.doK Tobacco Factouy.— Tobacco is probably cultivated to a larger extent on the Paterson Eiver than in eny other part of this district, or in the colony, and during a recent visit to the Patenon we bad an oppor tunity of visiting Mr. M'Cormick'e tobacco factory, at Clevedon on the Allyn. The buildings oontnin all the necessary room and appliances for the manufacture of the commodity on a large scale. It is now being made at the rate of nearly a ton per week. The work gives employment to a good nun; ber of hands, and arrangements are Boon to 'be made for extending the operations of tne factory. A sample of the tobacco which we received was given by us to several tobacco smokers for opinion, without comment as to where it came from, and the opinien of them all was very high in its favour. It is made up in capital stylo, the colour and pressing most closely resembling negro hoad. — Maitland Mercury. Violent Btobm.— The Western Examiner at 6th instant states that, on the afternoon of the 23rd ultimo, a storm of wind passed over the Wontworth mines, travelling in a narrow current, apparently from north to south. The National School was blown down, and a few buildings of dight dimension more or less injured. Providentially, thue was no one in the school at the time. 1 Tub Wound of the Bushranger Dunn.— It appears from a communication in the Western Post (Mudgee paper) that the ball bas not yet been extracted from Dunn's back, but lies imbedded in the muscles. — Writing to the Midget hibtral. Mr. Eades, of Merri Merri Creek, savs ' The curpeon gives no hope of Dunn's reoovery. He is described as a good looking young man of about 23, and by bis appearance one not at all likely to commit the wanton muraert. laid to his charge. Dunn appears very re^hc Blaney correspondent of the Western Examiner, writing to that paper, remarks : — To fay that the land in this dirtrict in parched, is but a very feeble expresfinn of tho reality. The vciy appearance of grass has vanished, except ing on Ihe basks of tne Creek where it is protected from cuttle. The ncigbbouihood has an arid, desert-like appear ance, which, cvuplud with the unusual dryness of the atmo sphere, and a burning sun, render life to man and beast fccaicely endurable. It i-- a matter for thankfulness th9re is not more sickness. The cattle are dying fast, and if a change do not come speedily, in tho oourse of a few months, there will be few of the milch stock alive. The air in im pregnated v illi an offensive odour arising from putrifjiug bodies lying about in all directions. The wheat barrnst has commenca d. Considerable difficulty is experienced in ob taining Kuflldcnl reapers to cut down the fast ripeningcrop. It is anticipated there will be about half an average yield. AMM1ICAN Ckiek Keuosenb Wokks.— Within the lest few days a laige quantity uf oil has been thoroughly purified at thf*e works, and with most gratifying result*. Whatever trifling defects as to colour, ice., which were observable in the (ii*t distillation, have, we understand, beeu avoidtd, and henceforth American Creok kerowue is likely to become a brand of the Cist class. The diflkulues inse parable from the beginning of a great enterprise ore being surmounted,' and henceforth lllawarra and -Mr. Graham will have the honour of becoming the lightB of the world. — Jllauarra Ejrjxe s«. New England Floub. — Some years since (says the Maitland Mercury) before the days of 'free selection,' a favov-rite topic irr political declamation in the Hunter ;towDE was the injustice of keeping condemned to graziug 'purposes only, the rich plains of New England. Often it was aeurted that in that extensive agricultural district lay the etanary that would yet feed, or principally foul, ihe north-eastern districts of Kew South Wales, and her exten sive snd dry interior plains to the north-west. Hitherto the prophecy does not show much sign of fulfilment, and we note that the Artnidale paters not ul frequently say that the flour produced on New England does not compare favotuabl} in the interior with Sour sent up from Mait land. Ihe ylriuidaU Etpiev, of the 6th instant, alludes again lo the subject thus: — 'A much largfr qusntii} of wheat has been sown in New Englsnd this seni-on tl.nn in any previous one, and tbe quality is very gond. We trust that no efforts will be spared to up a letter trade with the Western counniy for flour, othei »iw- it is pioliable Ihe prices here will rule too luw to give sbtirfaciion io the farmers. In addition to the Clop btirn? l.dl \ eH«i, a coiir-iderable quantity of wheat is still on band from la*t jear, and this will assist in keeping the maiket low. But if a bteacy uade in fl-mr is opened with tie towns and stations W. of the table-land, the con eumj/tii n of the article trill be so much increased as to en sure a pni|»r nmuntraiion to the growers. We believe that tie mill nf tbe Kew England Flour Company will be s|itcial)y valuable in aiding tbe development of such a trade, Stme fatuurs, «e understand, intend to get their wheat turned into fine flour at the first opportunity, and they vill tLcn be in a position to take advantage of a good market at any moment. They can make contracts vith squatteis or storekeepers in _ dis tricts sup] .lied from Maitland or elsewhere for furnishing tlem villi floor, and they can either 6ave the carriage by delivering it at a season when they are not very busy, or make aiTung-u-ents with carriers to do so. By pursuing such a Msttui it wculd place tbe farmers in a more inde r*ndeLt *p»iti-.n; iftbey had any wheat they could speedily have it col verted into flour, and that into cash at ttie market r»us Liverpool Plains and Gwydir districts algne must require a very large amount of flour annually. There is no reason why the residents should not buy New Englsnd fli ur as soon sb any other if they were certain of obtaining ss good an aiticle at the same price. Hitherto it appears that the quality of a considerable portion of the flour furnished from New England is variable. For this result Ihe farmers blame the millers, and the millers the farmers. Probably there is fault on both sides, and the more active competition which will shortly be a necessi:y must lci.d to improve the quality of an article in tbe large exportation of which the people of New England are so deeply interested.' The Habvest Pbobfects, &c.; — The Express of the 6th instant reports that there was a light shower at Armi dale on Saturday afternoon, accompanied with vivid lightning. At Saumarez Ponds, in the Boorolong di ec lion, however, it rained pretty heavily for two hours. On Tuesday evening there was a refreshing shower, with dis tant thunder, liiursday evening was cold, and threatening an E. rain ; but there was only a little mist-like rain, and \esteid8y morning was hot, uitha clear sky. The weather has been better for reaping than was ever previously known here, aid seme farmers have their harvest over and their wheat safe. Threshing has commenced. The average yield of wheat uill be nearly double what it was estimated, three months ago, it would probably be. Conditional Selection. — The Armiiale Express of Gib, mentiens that the district being now thrown open to conditional selection, there was an uuusual muster of appli cants at the Aimidale land office on Thursday. Just before 10 o'clock, Mr. Blythe, the land agent, informed the per k ns assembled outside the door of the land office that the plan be intended to adopt, to prevent disputes, was that he should admit at 10 o'clock all persons prepared with appli cations and the deposit money, and after receiving their aj plications be should put to the ballot any claims for the sune piece of land. Accordingly, at the hour named, the cuor was opened, and ihe applicants were admitted. Then m.d during tbe day twenty- six applications were tendered ; 1 * euty-four were received, and as in two cases the descrip tions embraced a portions of the sarin area they were bal loted for. The total area of acoepted ejections was about 2870 acres. Fbee Selection and the Land Act.— On this ail absorbing topic, we fled sotne well- timed remarks in Satur day's Albury Banner, to which we willingly give the Ixiefit of an extended circulation. That journal says : — Thursday was the first free selection day in Albuiy after the commencement of 1S66. When we mention this it will be remembered that on and after the let of January, 1865, all ihe lands of the colony, unreserved, were to be thrown open, and that this was the much dreaded day when hun dreds of selectors were to come across the border and pick the eyes cut of all the runs of the squatters. Instead of tic hundreds only fourteen put in an appearance, and of these, three of whom are squatters, and, as they have a perfect right to do, selected on their own runs. The cause of this requires some explanation. A few days before the operation cf this clause in the Land Act extraordinary Gnernment Gazettes were issued, namely, on the 23ra and 28th December, extending over from thirty-five to forty pages each, withdrawing from conditional selection immense reserves throughout the agricultural and pastoral districts for water supply and other purposes as applied for by the lessees, according to late notices, or as recommended fur such purposes by the local surveyors. The consequence has been that hardly any one has known where to select, and. neither selector nor survey or ceuld tell whether the applica tion for the land was within or without the reserves. AU this g'-es to prove the old argument we have so often urgnd, and which, in reality, is the only reasonable solution of he difficulty, namely, that an Amended Land Act is required to conserve the just and fair interests of all parties. The squatter is entitled to his rights, and, being willing to pay what is just, admits that if he bad fixity of tenure for a certain term then he would be able and willing to pay double, if not more, rent. The free selector should have his just privileges, and, to secure these, fixed agricultural areas should be set apart, either by the proclamation of well-defined and surveyed blocks or by the taking of so much from certain runs, so that all should know what they are about, and neither be antagonistic to the other. It should not be in the power of the rich man to keep the poor man from the lands of the colony, neither should it be in the hand of the latter to levy black mail on the firmer, and to take that which is no good to him, but the loss ef which may render a run worthless. The squatters would sot complain to give up a tenth of their runSj and to pay double assessment for the remainder; the legitimate selectors would find the tenth ample for their par poses, unless the Government is willing to wait indefinitely for pa; mcnt, find seed and implements for cultivation, und put so much by against bad harvests and casualties. These are plain iacts, and seeing that the fisanoes of the colony require assistance, which tliey will never get while half the land revenue is absorbed in the expenses of the survey de partment, we would urge that an amendment of tho land law is one of the first things to be agitated for. The pre sent little move of withdrawal from purchase, asd the re tirement of Mr. John Bobei tson, is either an unworthy dodge, or it is not fair to the author of the Act. Bobbowtbs fbom the Flood Belief Fund.— Some of the settlers who have borrowed seed from the Maitland Flood Belief Committee, in 1865, have recently made repayments in produce, in accordance with the agreement entered into by them when they obtained the accommodation. It is gratifying to find people whose difficulties during the past eighteen months or two years have been of no ordinary character, thus fulfilling their engagements as soon as Providince has put it in their power to do so. Not a few of the borrowers will not be able, from sheer adverse circum stances, to repay the loan, either in produce or in money ; bnt in such instances the committeo will, no doubt, exercise indulgence.— Maitland Ensiqn. Maize and Bbak as House Food. — The Maitland Mercury ofO'l^ says: — A gentleman, in town, a large exporter of pinizo to the neighbouring colonies, has reoeiyod from his apents nt Adelaide a copy of an advertisement they publish in the Adelaide papers, giving a comparative analysis of maize and bran, with the view of showing tho superiority of maize to bran us an article of horsefood, and for other purposes. As ihe analysis (which ie Pereira'e) may be of interest in this huge maize-producing district, we re- pullifh it. Out of 100 parts, maize contains 68 of starch, 11 of gluten, 6 of sugar, 2 of gum, und 13 of husk oud , water. Out of the same number ef porta, bran contains 12 | of starch, 19 of albumen coagulated, 4 of oil, 8 of saline matter, and 67 of husk and water. In feeding, the adver- I Users state, that 'the greater quantity of starch would give j a difference of sot less than five to one in favour of maize, one pound of which would be equal to five pounds of bran?' I Novel Secubity. — Tho Gundagai Herald statea that in a case in the Gundagai Court of Bequest* tho other day, a novel security was sworn to having been offered by tho defendsnt to the plaintiff^ viz., bis wife and two children for the payment of £3. Shocking Gon Accident A.xn Loss op Two Livbs, —The Clan nee and Richmond Ex»:»'-»er of the 2nd in stant states that on Tuesday last nev' reached Grafton firm Ufniarrs, to the effect that in firing thC «goal gua that morrinp, on board the Graftdn, steamer, whiwk vessel was engaged an fiHgthip for the Ulmarra Regatta, the wad had struck borne psrtir* ^landing in the shed on the bipk, blowing the head of a child named Or£rien completely away, and shattering ihe ium of one William Robin Bon, who was Lung conveycd in n boat for medical aid to Grafton, wfaero he furivrvd about three o'clock the same eiuroocu. end wh» immediately removed to the Grafton ITobpiUi^ and, in the absence of Dr. Sniiih, tho fitrvi-«« of Dr. Belinfante were sought, when that gait leman attended at once, and did everything that lay in his i-ower to restore Robinson, but his case from the first was almest hopeless, although he stood the amputation of hi* arm — the operation ot which was skilfully performed Lv Dr. Belinfante — with great fortitude. Robinson, who wan sensible to the last, expired about an hour and a half after the operation* This sad affair threw a_ complete gloom over the whole coiupanv present, the captain and officers of the vessel evidently feeling very acutely the pain occasioned to the relatives of the deceased by the accident. ' It is satis factory to Ic&rn;, however, that there was no drinking or spreoing of any kind whatever going on at the time of the auidcLt, and that evory precaution had been taken by the captain and officers of the steamer to avert such a calamity. The Season iw the Southehn DiSTaicTS. — T he Bcfma of' 6th irstant, remarks thatfrather curiously, after waiting and longing for a change for so many tLortb* \\*ith the thermometer we don't know how Diuch above fever heat, the very turn of the year to the ii'inulp, brought ns a storm, and a heavy one too. On Kew YearV night, the lightning was very strosg end grand. It ran along the telegraph wires and made a grtfit Hr.Rhb in the Albury office, causing no little alarm. Anther flat-b rtiurk end split (he gatepost at the Rev. Mr. Iirownrigg's, killed a cow belonging to Mrs. Edwards, &nd; did other dnmage. The next evening the storm re turned with renewed power, but we have not heard of any aceidmts. We have had a good deal of partial rain, but not general, and at e now having very hot days, but cooler nij-hte. Much more rain is however needed, as we have no gmF, and butter remains one of the invisible things, and likely to be 60 for the present. Death ik| the Lockup at Bungendore. — The Jlffi of 4th instant states that a very melan choly debih httt- recurred in Bungendorc lockup. Recently & Ujen Li n ed Kit hard Topping was received into our lock* up ir«,ni Ccxpia, for protection and treatment as a lunatic, tjon mrdical ceitifl'sics given by Drs. Hayley and Moi- t-.ft be wubdihcb»rA-d a« exhibiting no symptoms of insanity. He web n« xt b- ord of a few days ago as lying on the Bon* ^endon jjIhilh in a very deplorable state, and was removed to'ibe l(-ckup there, where he died. The evidence taken at the icqiicH IhM U4-»e Dr. Morton, coroner for this dis tiict. on 'J' 'ucpriay, at Hunpendore, reveals one of the most shocking -*H*es of nefdteence and culpable disregard of hunjaji tuik'rirjg ai.d life on the part of the police ever I rought uiidiT Lutife. The body waa apparently that of a man about hx'v years of age. It was in good condition, ei-d not st all tinHtiaicd. The legs were covered with live «rd a number of £zna!) black ante, dead, covtrca hi* Lack mid tbe back part of bis le^re ; there were al*o a nuuiltr of ant* on tbe fore part of Lis body and lcf-t-; ihe kti lf-{-r WHf completely blistered, the cuticle raised, avd the cellular tit-ue of the fuot partially destroyed ; the rif-hr leg wat- partially in the same state, though not to the exttiit of tbe left le^ and foot; the back was also blistered in patches These effects apparently were caused by the 6Ltt- and nmpgots.. T he jury returned the following verdict and ridtr, viz. ? — 41 That deceased died in the lock up ht Bunpeiidoie, eailv in tbe morning on Tuesday, the 2nd day cf January, 1&66, from exhaustion, from having Veen expotstd lor' f* vi-vul days and nights in the bu»U, without proj- er nourishment, shelter, or medical attendance, and exposed io the irritation of insects ; and as a rider they 8 re dtbhou*-' to express their opinion that the conduct of the police at Bungendote ih deftervingofthesevereatceatvj.ro, horn neglecting ihe deceased when repeatedly called upon to take steps fur his protection, and request the corouer to report their conduct to the Inspector -General of Police, Sidney.' 