33ass or the author of the " Microco^ .";ske spills it upon every occasion"—writes Otherwise in so generally sensible and inte resting a strain that a home reader will be able to get through, her story with pleasure. It will be a different pleasure, however, from? .that which the title promised him. So-far as the main interest of the tale is-concerned* the seene migl>t also as well *ha^e been- laid in* Glasgow orin Liverpool- Itisa,moral interest^ The bookgjyes- us no Australian pictures. Its touches .of local colour are of the slight, allusive kind calculated.to interest a section ©f her local readers, merely, just as London! or Edinburgh readers take a special interest m stories, which refer, though but by name,} to. London.or Edinburgh localities. Perhaps the authoress was wise in confining herself to j these mere hints at the scene of her plot,; since-ker knowledge of Australia would seem to have been derived solely from-a residence amongst a well-to-do set of people in Sydney, who ?are very much like well-to-do middle class people anywhere, a few days' stay at tiie undeveloped watering-place of Wollon gpng, and, for the'Bush, of the written and spoken reports which hundreds of people at home share equally with her- There is a ▼ague generality, an absence of individual traits, in her- Bush sketches which proves,, unless we greatly mistake, that she never lived in the Bush,, and was, afraid that she would commit herself if she ventured ok minutix. There is only one thing that will strike the English reader as,-perhaps* freshly racy of the soil, in the authoress's delinea tions, Mid that is. her droll reverence for the j u elite of Sydney society. Next to Heaven, she plainly worships that. Why shouldn't she, however? It may be a funny little idol,, and yet, under the circumstances, not a whit funnier than the bigger analogue we warship under ours—intrinsically quite as good, and perhaps better, as being atanyrate I a false god with more heartiness in it. Per-' haps the lady does not worship the " the I elite" quite so much now-a-days, when sons i of convicts can become Solicitors-General, and the " emancipists" have great gaps in the prickly-pear fence that used to divide " ster ling'5 and " currencybut we are inclined to think that, though still a comical object of religious reverence, the cream of Sydney society, owing to the importation of fresher and wider notions, to say nothing of better ] manners, from home, must be a pleasanter cream than tbat which was skimmed from the top of the pan in the old convict days, even if not quite so much iced- However this may be, the plot of " Social Life in Sydney" is laid in times in which "free" sheep are represented as shrinking from the slightest contact with the "most innocent kid of a''con victed goat- We may remark, in passing, that Governor Macquarie's opinion of the sheep of his day scarcely indicated the pos sibility of the existence of a social elite al thai time in New South Wales ; his judgment being that the population of the colony then consisted of those who had been, and those, who ought to have been transported. To return to the story. It displays very respectable power of delineating character, and developing it without contradicting the original dise'ration~ The best drawn charac ters are the,scamps. One is a Mr Pryn, a I thoroughly selfish, unscrupulously 'cute, and j most sanguinely speculative adventurer " too clever by half." Li adversity, he is. always repining at the disparity between his position and his powers, and grumbling, at ] the success of those who have achieved it by patient perseverence and good principle, as though they had done him a grievous wrong ] in having been able to distance him with less than half his brains.. In prosperity, he is most coarsely insolent. An amusing speci men is given of the wild schemes in which j men of his stamp engage. Having lost one situ ation after another by his discontented negli gence, he resolves to make a sudden fortune by' cultivating a reed which contains a kind of vegetable wool, but, not having a farthing of the requisite capital, endeavours to prevail upon an old office-mate, who has plodded his way up into-the possession of a handsome, j fortune,, to advance it. He can give no information as to the kind of soil and cul ture which the reed would require; and when asked the very obvious question, " Wbatj would be the good- of cultivating vegetable! wool in a country which produces animal wool in such abundance as Australia?" can only refer to the care, and cost, and I casualties which flocks involve, as if/vegetable j produce could be raised without trouble and j expense, and, in a land of floods and droughts, w ere quite exemptfrom unfavourable chances. When it is pointed out to him that his fibre, itt^til probabOii^v^Fill not jfeZtj heforgetsthat 1 lie has been trumpeting it as a complete substitute for sheep's wool,, and. exclaims, "6h ! I am perfectly aware oflhe difference, but that X look upon as an advantage ; the j same objection, might have beenurged against ' silt, that it was not the same as linenj the j gceatthing in. the^presentday is to produce ! side of the law, ^H^B^^ponsiderable apparent prosperity; &gB;»«|pnly apparent. To avert an impen ■Hn^^^sh, lie heavily insures a patched-up HHSpIp, and sends her with " native notions" jllllftie Islands." having first given, orders to ^as skipper to run her on a reef. Theunder writers discover the fraud, and, to avoids the legal vengeanee which they threaten,. Pryit commits suicide in the Parramatta Hiver. (By-the-by, how is- it that that word can scarcely ever get properly spelt in a British printed book or map ? They almost invari ably spell it with one " r.") Michael Bright, an old convict, is another well-drawn charac ter. When liis time is out, he returns to Sydney from Van Dieman's Land,, in mean clothes and with very blackguardly habits, and, greatly to the latter's disgust, reeognises his son, on whom he had settled his felonious dickings. He is very proud of his fine son, but soon finds that his son is ashamed of him. He asks for rum and water and a pipe in his son's handsome house. Young Bright cannot stand this, and takes lodgings for bis father, in which he orders him to behave himself: but the old man craves for company, and invites in men from the street to symposia in their shirt-sleeves* His- daughter who had been married to a strictly *' proper" Sydney merchant, once the darling of " the elite," but a social outcast since his mesalliance; is very kind to the old man,, and takes her children to see him,, until she is forbidden to do so by her husband. Old Bright is very fond of his little grandson, although, when the little fellow first sees him in his working-clothes, he flatly refuses to believe that that common looking man can be his grandpapa. They subsequently, however, become very good friends, and there is something pathetic in the attachment of the brutalised old convict to this haughty little man, because he reminds him of his boy when at the same age ; and in his fondness for recalling proofs of " little Jerry's" love for him, now that the little loving Jerry has grown up into big, loathing Gerald. Finding that her father is " goingjto the bad" in his lodgings, his daughter, who has made a vow to her dead mother to do all in her power to reclaim him, wrings a reluc tant consent from her husband to admit him on trial into their household; but he very summarily receives notice to quit, when he is overheard advising his grandson to teach his parrot to swear, as being " funnier" talk than the polite phrases in which the bird had been previously instructed. The old man goes off in a huff ou the iustant, having first stripped | himself of everything his son and son-in-law had provided for him, and eventually returns to a vagabond life in Van Diemen's Land; in which his gentle, refined daughter, giving up the husband and children whom she idolises, with a very mistaken sense of duty, and very unnaturally, accompanies him, ito obedience to her vow and disobedience to her husband, who only sees her again when he drags her out, too late, from a bush-fire. —Scotsman. 