ITEMS OF NEWS. We were yesterday shown a requisition to which a large number of influential names of Castlemaine residents was attached, for the pur pose of being presented to Mr J. B. Patterson, the popular Mayor of Chewton, asking him to become a candidate at the forthcoming Parlia mentary election. We are also informed that a requisition is in course of preparation to be pre sented to Mr J. Farrell, the late Mayor of Cas tlemaine, asking him to come forward in the Ministerial interest. We need scarcely say that the former gentleman will, if he consents to be nominated, be in the ranks of the Opposition. A meeting of the directors of the Young Prince Company took place yesterday at the Supreme Court Hotel, the object being to pre pare the reports which will be laid, before the general meeting of the shareholders, to be held to-day at the above place, at 8 o'clock p.m. A general meeting of shareholders in the South Muckleford Company will take place to morrow evening at Warley's Hotel. The hast iness will be to elect legal manager, direc tors, and to consider the advisability or winding up the affairs of the company. We are requested to draw attention to an advertisement calling for mate puph teachers for Christ Church High School. Card.dstes are required to attend the school for exammana tion to- morrow at 9 a.m. Bv advertisement it will be seen that Mr Mer- son." an apostle of Temperance, will dslive? a lecture on teetoialism this evening in the Eeehs- bite Kali, at half-past seven. The dead body of a man, name unknown, was found yesterday ia Nuggetty Gully. Maiden. s Bevond the mere fact cf the discovery, and that the" dece-ased had to be buried by the authorities, no further information has reached tis. The weekly parade of the Volunteer corps will take place io-morrow evening a: the usual time and place. ' We acknowledge the receipt of a pamphlet — " The Patent Gunpowder invented by Pedro Nisser, M.E." lo those engaged in mining, any explosive eompc-und zbr_ blasting purposes mast command attention, in reference to that ; of Mr Nisser. we may say that we were ureses - a; the trial made of it at she Hustler's Reef. Sandhurst, and can bear testimony to- the sac - cess of the experiment. We- are informed that a child aged about IS i months, belonging to Mrs Bless, of Berkeley ! -Street, took ill yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock J and died in about three hours. Death arose from s sudden and violent attack of convulsions, j Mr J. Dennistonn Wood addressed a large ! meeting of the electors on Saturday evening. J The two qaestloss, Freetrade as opposed to Protection", and the prsserrniion of the law 2nd j constitution were fifiorougiy reviewed in a most able speech, which occupied over two hours in j delivery. At the inclusion, Mr . Curtain. < J. P.. "moved, and Mr Wkeailey seconded a | resolution declaring Mr Wood the most- fit and , proper person to represent tne cistnct. An | amendment to the contrary ertect, anuria tavor ; of Mr Ramsay, was moved by Mr W. FJ Smith and seconded by -Mr "W. H. q-cott- Each or ' these gentlemen essayed to address the meeting. whichV however, was very much disiuriised to! hear anv of tises. On a sno-w of hands oemg I taken, the chairman declared the resolution car- , cied By advertisement, it will be. seen that Mr : Wood will address the eiectc-rs at the Urvilie j Hotel, on Thursday next at 3 p.m., and at Ma- | looey s Hotel, Tarrangower-road, Campbell's f Creek, in ike evening of the day as 7 o'rioek. j On the following day he will hold a meeting at » Alarscon S motel, _> ewsscan, ai J p.m. The programme of the matches and prizes of the Victorian Rifie Association, for their sixth meeting, to be held at the Sandridge.Butts, on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, February 1st. 2nd, and 3rd is now issued. The Castlemaine Corps will have to send twelve men being a per eemage in the number of their effectives. The programme referred to stares that the Associa tion Challenge Cup. now held by the 1st Cas tlemaine VELC.. — together with a prize of £'-5 will be awarded to the corps which has entered its full number of rep-reseatarires. and which makes in Match I the five highest scores in the aggregate. The Council reserves the right to alter these conditions a; any fa sure meeting. : provided always that the Cop shall become the ; property of any corps winning it at two eonse- eotive meetings, or three times in all. ShonkY cur local men be again successful in their trial . for this c-rize. they will men become its owners The corps is already in possession of a cup won by their skill in volley firing. The Sdimore Examine? mentions -that on W ed- nesday the district ee- roner held an inquest on : the bones of a mzn found lately in the ocsh is the agricultural ares of Pyalosg. Within s ; short distance of the skelescu. a small hear, con- taining no less than eighteen sorere'gus. was discovered, and handed over to the police, to gether with a 52 ill peeket-book. the contests of which had become undecipherable. The remains are though; to be, ia si! probability, 5 nose of as f unfortunate shepherd, who was missed some : four years ago, from Mr Mblhsou's farm. A very large bush-fire has been bttruiag fer ' the las; day or two. says theBendigo Advertiser, in the neighborhood of Bagshol, sni has cause i the farmers ia this district no small amount of anxiety and expense. Daring the whole of SatGTday last, a dense cloud of heavy black smoke was slowly passing across she horizon, and after dark lhe glare ot she dames gave ample evidence of she large ex tens of ground that was os fire. For many nights the fanners were compelled to be out cr-mbaiiag the approaching enemy, and £» one time Mr Clay had upwards of forty men engaged ia cuiilag off the advance of the fiames- Messrs Manning. MdPhaiL sad several other residents have aiso been similarly employed. The whole of she Whips rick scrub is described as beiag burning ai one suae for a dis tance of sboarsmriy miles. The folio wing, from the Ago, leads to the be- | lief that the Geelong Industrial School will rival the one 3t Sanbury : — A -little girl, lately an inmate to the Geelong industrial school, died in the Melbourne hospital, on Saturday evening, under extraordinary circumstances. From the statement of, Mrs Hannah Wilson, the motner ! of the deceased, if appears that her daugnter, aged four years, and her son, aged two years, were sent- to the Geelong industrial schools about four months back, A week after their being received into the schools the boy died, but the mother received no intimation ot tne iac; until some time after, when she called as the Prince's- bridge depot, and was then informed that be bad died of the measles- The mother, not being satisfied, visited Geelong, 2nd from what she saw of the condition of the children, she was induced, fire weeks ago, to take her i daughter out of the institution. She returned zo Preston, where she was in sernee, and it was only thea she became aware of the condition 01 her child. On its bsek and chest were several large scars, greatly mfiamed. Inside her moUEh was a scab, but Its condition at the time was no; ! such as to warrant any serious apprehension on the part of her mother. The child, however, grew worse, and Mrs Wilson then consulted I Dr Adams, of Cranbonrne, who prescribed tor her. The emotion in she girl's mouth continu ing to increase, the motner consulted anotner medical gentleman, who advised the immediate removal of tne child to the Melbourne Hospital, where she arrived on Thursday last. Everything that could possibly be done lor her was dope, bat she gradnafiv sank, and died on Saturday evening. ' As an idea of the fearful disease from which she was suffering, it is only necessary to mention that at ;ke tiuie of her death part of her nose was eaten away, together with tfee whoiv of her upper lip and par; of her left cheek. During her fife ess mos: o: her teem fed out. and some of them were picked oat by aerselr. her gums Laving rotted away. " A medical cer tificate £5 to the cause of aeats was given by the doctor attending her : therefore, there will be no inquest upon ner body. tV> take the following from the Ballaarst Star : — " A Tery singular occurrence, and tea; too attended with a serious result, took place at the upper end of the Standard lead. Lferon. on Therrdsv. 4;L January. A man of abort seventy vears cf'age. named -John M'QuiIfen, who resiles there. Las what he calls a lavorite or pet cow. but which, as the sequel w3I show, is anything but well petted. On the day referred to. the animal somehow got Into a hole, and was unable to extricate Itselt. when the owner happening to esov the animal In its dfefenliies. came to its assistance, and ikrthwith e-tmmencea to crg about it so as to enable H to get out. He was sot long in clearing away as much earth as al lowed the cow to get 2 footing : but in getting uo. instead of walking away thankfully, the an- | grateful brute maoe a diss at Its preserver. 1 knocking the o!a man cows, and attempting to ( -o-e him c drath cn "he sp« J n the attack he , h-i r.cs sev=-civ con and h's let: 1 -sigh bone oroken iqse below tne great trocaan- -er. The poor o a man wsstirriea home, and £ &emg; is great nam with sis ribs daring the | n'ghs. Dr Hooper was sent for on. Friday morn | ?ng. On tne doctor making an examiusrioa ue I discovered tne -taiga none broxea as described. 1 tsregh " art-er- luat the sufferer wsz nor awxre i tnat ne han susta.ned an .rjury 0: that kind Te doctor redurei the fracture and rendered I sacs other assistance as was required. On Satux- I Q2T afterno-on tne patient was progressing as I favorably as the doctor essected." | The Talbot Leader of Friday records a most f shocking ease of destitution, in which it is 10 be I wished, that the exercise of charity by the in- ' habitants of the place had been sooner exercised, f - Oa Tuesday Constable Short entered the house of a miner named Holcomle. a: the s>;nth end ' of the Crescent, and found a woman and five t children in the deepest poverty and misery. On the one side of the room lay she dead body of | the father, and on the other side the cea-i body i of a sixth child. The unfortunate man had died f ot cancer in tne chest. He had for some nine been unable to work, and to obtain relief, bad been an inmate of the Maryborough Hospital. ' but he .eft tha; institution a short tune ago in order to return to Lis family. The cil.d died of diarrhea the day before the rfesher sueenmh-ed ! ro his complain:. The family, it appears, has 1 been in the greatest misery for some rime j?ast. i often, in fact, ia a state of starvation. It is i so be honed the public will respond iibersiiy with thrir subscriptions, fee a deeper case of poverty and wretchedness was never brought : under public notice. The Bendlgo Advertiser is informed tha: in sererai of the rents a; the Ironbark and Make 1 : Hills encampments there are Chinese affhe-ted. ; with leprosy- " On Saturday last- our rnfor- 1 mast, accompanied by an Intelligent Chinaman, j paid a visit to the Gamps, and had pointed on; s to him three rents, :n looking Into which he saw 1 loathsome objects who were — as he was told — ? suffering from leprosy. The tents :n which they were lying are some distan'ie apart from the others, and the anfononase wretches are daily supplied with food by the other Chinese. I who subscribe tor that purpose. It appears ' tha; the ponce au the rules are powerless in the? matter, as chey are on other go'dfieiis where many similar cases exist. Surely I: is high time f that the Government, to whom the subject of ' sals serious evil 02s been reported frequently of s late, siarted to do someahing to prevent the SDreid of such 2 -dreadful disease." \ The Star says : — We believe that It is very j probable that there will be 2 new candidate for j' Bailaarat West, ia the person of Mr. A. N. Gil- I Per. a prQtecmrnts:. bat ss opponent ot ;ne un constitutional acts of the Ministry."'- A very m-lAnch:fy roiurrenr- is reported :n the Tssmanisn Morning H-ral-d,': -January 1. detailed in the pr-xe-Hmgs ar an. icousr to mquire into the rircet&ssasces; of an aw fully sudden death which oc curred eo Tnursday. Dee. 28. at the Geebe Inn. Davey-etreet. Mr and Mrs Emoley retire i to rest between ten and eleven o'clock, ant had not been long in bed when Mrs Esabiey ermpLaiaed oi being very t'L Mr Embiey 'tamed: 2 rely dressed h.ntse-ii. and cai'ei a neirhc-:r t. remain w-.m as w :e wYle h-e west for meiical assistance. On their return t--> the bedre-OEn they fcemd Mrs Fncfey dying, and m a few rnsmtes she -xp-ired. T> make tne re titer more '.Ls tress: ng. they were only married on Tun re- day moesmg. At the inquest the jury retursei a verdict, in accordance with the medical evidence, that the cause of death was saagtmteous aoepiexy. The Bad-varat Star says Frdiay was one of the hottest «iay o: the scrason. There was hardly 3 breath of air stirring, sni bush fires were burning at several r-dnrs cn the bush horizon. X\A-renhfep Mount was as fire ail day. the fire apjxxrentiy be ginning at two places- on the north-west side of the mount, and near the bottom. During the day it - ihrew out dense v A nines o: suz.ke. ami creerec round aai op die hill sides of she mount, till a; : sigat fire was visible «a the west and south-west ! sides of the cose. A lively fancy might have- made S a Y esuvfes or E-iua cf this, which was a " real live" vo'-eano a refilion of years or ago. S:-re=r::ines. ' as tha dames caugh: hfed of a fre=h tree top uesr ' the apex oi the re sunt, they blared oat for a few seeoods and than died away : or. as the large body : of ire ou the southern side 0: the cone g'owed with fresh rigor, the iFusio--i of a voire a--- la actios ; was. more nrei as the darknas of the aight increased, j Then it seemed that: only a pyrotechnic display in i the shape of a few rackets were wanted to oreHste ; the semblance. Altogether the sight was a rasher j pressy one. in spite of she regret- which most be -; felt, and she dessraeiivsness «>: the fire in a spat already smS-rieatfy denuded of timber. There were | extensive bush fires in several places in the Smythes- dale district. Wi:hin aboat- a mile of Scorer s saw 1 ntfirs, Eacalypsus VAiey, a very large bush fire was ! raging ; at same distance, in the direcdcn ot Ross's j creek, she bush was also on lire ; while at Italians. \ and in score other direesKtas, the large volaaes of | smoke rising from she hush indicafed she extent of the cosfiagrasios- The bosh, in she localities re ferred so 14 however, only sparely mhabised. if at all; ana farther, there is listle or no fallen timber in it, 33 that it snot iikely there will be any seri- ogs loss of property or persoual danger hi she pre sent- isslance. The Dayiesford Mercury szys thzt. j Barail, a member of tie Dayiesrord Borooa . Council, and otherwise no; unknown to , intends becoming a candidate for tne refjs- , tation of Castlemaine. 'f YFe hz.js not ye 0 ' ; able to ascertain what tmtn there is in - statement, bat Mr W. Burall isjm zspir man. I; is likely, hower&r;, should he to be nominated, that he will have a compe. - in Mr Patterson, the popular and ade Mayor 01 C-hewton." L Another £40.000 judgment was obtamed by the London Chartered Bank against the Goveru- £2 en; last week. This makes rite twenry-firs; transaction oi the kind, the total sum operated upon by means of" confessed judgments now amounting to FS40, €!??. _ TYe take she following from the Taradale fcx- oress . — '' About four or five o sleek on incrsaay atseraoom Air Parsons was engaged loadrng a ears with straw, from an onthoose neon his /remises, vnes saadeniv. ue lo.-c-r n«j-rsica lying naa_ use hor-C — 2B ox Z-O. -> u rc=I ;o = -W-V i-ire m - ..n 1- an ur- p3r"- . -za M P _qu-H _r3s-— vs>- i f a -i— ri> arav - nre. uowever. anre&cl; -j rapvtuy hy rran_ wa. — w di« -aoi QaeJ- -n j .m ;r« " r waaee pramps aid it is prooab-e no. qij wc tt-O. , 31 r Parson: s procervy have been desrrovea oav tee whole of the prooeixv normwarss as ;at a !i_= Freemas-rafe Sdzef. As it wse, rex? of Mr Parson's houio were ;o-saLt The c-ccap-.-.r.t oi me .iweJmg- ti-r-use .y: aremses says s: me r-artfes cn inescny mgx: vistec zhe stable tn which'me straw was. for He i-rr»tse. ss she saprceei. oz szeepiag inerebnt bemg a -O-- womaa she did no; go oat to make inquiry. Mr Parsons suppj-ses these nocznns visitors LaI acct- deu tally dropped stsne lacier n; 3tc2.es amouzsi sue straw, which had been canted out in loading - cart, drorped near the horse's feet, a no. ignited : bv the in: ton oi its fee; npr-n me groonc. Amor-zst the items of Yew ffee.xuei ne — =recei% ed bv the South Austrahan steamer, from n-tklnka. is to be noted a bold bus ineffectaai attempt as- roo- bery prepetraievi sear He spozqvn=re 4ir Waiinslev was rooted s:-me time axc% loe loliowmg zeccuz. is from the Grev River Argus of the 20s2i December : — A boldly derisci scheme -ri robbery was hxp- cflv ceteitei and its sacsiesei nl .mnmen: ! free to 2 -in Mcufzy list. Mr l-LYoy. a wri:- known storekeeper, had occasion to _5eGd ah.-u« iAJ :--mces of n f I frrm _fs ola-i-e. n-3t Yo- L czwn to the Twelve-iliie Township. Heqsan: a r-acker ' named Walsh for ;wo h :-rses._pten-img to- sexn- mnvhhnrn the r::i bnt ts Ash returned wtm oalv one. saying one con Id be easily obtained a; Yo- Town. from which nkce the store is sco-nt half a zs'.'e distant. In > rder to diver; the sntpfe-m of ; v - -ri q i ws-.' m-gh: be -. n - ne 1 watcm Mr Mff'oy r-r.t the gt-U on tne garrets | horse, he walking a short distance benmu. Iney , had net pro-ieMed far when Y Ash ntadtady in- ! c: eased the pace cfhis hrrs-e until he tea feed a turn r where ne wasouto'iMvhoy sstgnt. an'ng-csnetrag'ia.y I on. Oil the road he passed several jieop.e. ana \ suited he was ndmg fas: because he had c-een spot- | red ' bv some scspi-zicns characters at Y.j-iown. I and wished to evade them. Mr M::iy. as scon as s he tr:t a h-ts-e. ioLowed him quickly, bat faded t:> ; ov-iikke him. A; as Y'Esa srrive-i at the ! Twelve- Mile he gaffe re-i into- tne townsmr. sLentmg ' lustily fr :he rUffre." re- whom he stated he_ ha I ! been s;si-k-npr by two men near where Mr Y alms- ! ley was robbed. He said the met: nan r tiffed s Mm off nre horse, ch-kei rim. put a revilv-r 3: ms head, and taken away she go- id and Ats own wai-im ; He sh vM she marks e 3ime bruises cn ns tnriat t so snhst-antiate his sfatem-rnt. ana anogetner ms t story appeared a piausffole one. But on returning t with Tne" police" from the camp 31? 31c-ff»jy cam-e- | nr. Chi hearing the state of affairs Lis ssspkkss i were aroused, he a; once rave Y aish into custody. I- After Mr 2>I jffoy had offered several inducements ! tc> Q'w. :c- cr-nfess. 3\alsh admitted the falsity off f his smrement. and agreed to point est where the | gold was eoueealei- He had planted it under a tree ! about Ho yards off the track, along vritn with his t watch. He was then fortmaffy arrested- and itongffi | down so C obden. s A determined suicide is. reported by Saturday s i Bencigo Adv-rnser. It appears that 'tr man was t a shepherd in the employ of ifessre Winter Bros.. of Colbinabb-m- Lameny. and during the Christ- ; mas holidays, he had been drmkmg very Lard. On I Monday miming, a; dawn. Sk— nan's wrie was > Eomu to the CoLbtnac-cen station c-e business, when. | at seme d -stance from the hut. a d-g drew h-r at- tension by barking, and she nottred a mas in a , s sitffnr c- -=:nre. but was t-w dark fir re: t reoig- 1 mse etfeer thr man or do:. Brf.re she aumved at | the head station, she met the overseer on his way : | » her hut. going there for the purpose oi deliver- ; ? ing a dock, of sheen into Davidson's charge. She ; I tuen went on to the statins, and spoke to Mr Yffn- i \ rer on tne suoject- Meantime, the overseer feusd i f Daridsos dean wnere tne w-i-mns descmc-ed. sit- j ting on hfe haunches, with the erg chum abtut his 1 i neck and fasten-ei ;o a small tree, the dag ceing j | by his side. It seemed that the deg waa weff | known to hire Sheer. ar-. and was calling her atten- ! i tzc-n to his master : hut she avoided it. being | I afraid, thinking that it belonged to the man whom | she supposed a Lushmau, and who had camped ! 1 there for the night. The suic.de appears to have I i been a most determined one. inasmuch as by stand- | ing upright tie man i-ctffi have saved Ms Lie. j One cd the most barbarous and inhuman cases of j cruelty to animals w" r we ever reem-ber ro have h-ari. was perpetrate: in Day iesf rd on r riday. cm the p'Xr horse which w= measnfe m cur ins: as I having fallen down and broken his The eeei- | dent C'Murred to the ammai tfe-i: eight p.m. c-n ? Tb.nreiay. says the Mercury, and a; nme a.m. the f fodowing mc-ramg c-ur atrentre-n was drawn t-.i the \ horse scandfe: in V ictorM-screer. vriimn twenty ' yards of cur man strret. On irep-ecii-i-n w= f>nnd " chat some iudfvfdual ha \ after cue accM-ott. cur the poor brute's threat, infirm s a gash :: mr- , than a foot m. length, inis had nnt. however, had. ; the desired effect, although it h -d been the means -a: eoritus blredng. Our readers ran mtrne. b-etter ' than we descrtbe. the disrasttng "d offensive r-M- I ture presented, and we cannot but think the pokes | are much to nlame in. not takirer sreedv means to- i | deprive the suffering cd its life, and to pre- S vent so revolting a scene being witsesed by nns- 5 here of p-v.-ple. We are informed that a gentleman J "v_-ked to hoji the. ammal so.-s. acier the accident < ccurrei. but the poffi- w.-rid net affow mm to da so ; aconc two o'c'-.ck cn Fr.day rre-reffng. however, f " oinriii leave was given him. to carry his wish mto execuncm but he dvcffred Mave £ s bed for the purpose : the animal was thus lei; untff niu- a... wnen a ;u was c&taiuoi; and as end rut to ' ik nfe. Why did not the poiiee. instead of drie- gitmg the duty to strangers, execute :t them selves. An fnscatt.e c-f the tudriittpableness of the Ghinese as gardeners, -is afforded by the foBc-wins frcen the Gere-t-ng Advertiser r — " The party of Chinese gardeners who- have estaMish-ed themselves on the banks of the Barwoa. near Prince's Bri-iue. are busily employed this dry weather in. imphg thdr gar tens ; two cf He them ire empizyed at the wheel, which draws np> a copious surrey of water. Been, the river s buckets attached to an end less chain ; the water is then conveyed by tr->nrhs to an-aqaeduri running along the centre ot the Etr- dea. At every Im yards there is a pool from, which other men are enabled to fill their wateranr reins ; these they pay vgori-usiy foe four hours iiailvj Th-efe young casoages shuw 3 mori laxsrssal growth, sad jfrem the high stare of cuidvarioa whicY is pari sued, they are able to grow them free from the attack of the aphis. The" let tares these Mvoco-Muns produce are the imost delirious we have ever"" eaten, and show what can he dose when grocer attenrioa is. paid re their eoHure. Jaa trils ns thev hari sari "? China for seeds of she sea t?lant, anil they are griug to Iev.>:e a revnsierabfe reocrim c: sism garden to im calrivasks. ; they arerear sanrrine they will be able re gradti-re it re a. .tvanssge. the cgIPre . being smriar re that of the tea districis in. ChMa ot which riiese men are natives. An aretaent. says the BfSu,u ot a ve?v pture oentrri on Mcu-uxy aftem-xm to a viCuIke sores, she grcparsy of a biscksmiris. rerivragin Geos _sirees, _tisxrey. xee animal had been ssra&i; Icc-ee in its owners yard, from wbdri» |j. Sp. g ssasseEseti re escape by jiunyins an iron p-ansade tence. It din cot. however, succeed, in efi>re. &as; impakd itself on she feice. three o"' she spikes enuring its stomach, while two others txsteaen 11 by the legs. H was round impossible to extriease tne poor aalmd fioa the irern "Wears bv wbnh it was impafed until the fence was uolcel nowa, an-! its groans daring she Slree this wxs be- accomplished conM be &ard; few a long risrincc. The veterinary surgeons who were called re exsmta® the fepe co n->t thmk is probabfe thai it will sum -TEveshe revere injuries is has received. - - " 