SUPREME COURT-CRIMINAL SIDE. [Before His Honor Chief Justice Burt.] Wednesday, April 4. William Targett, expiree, charged with arson, in setting fire to certain wheat in a field at the Vasse, the property of W. F.Seymour. James Forrest, police constable at the Vasse. —About 10th March, from information re- ceived I went to Punjerup a place belonging to Mr. Seymour. On going along I looked about and saw no signs of fire until I got close to the field ; before going into the field I went round it, and saw several places where attempts had been made to set fire to the standing corn ; on going into the corn I saw several similar signs, and in the stubble I found attempts had also been made to fire the shooks of cut corn ; six- teen or seventeen shooks had been burned and the standing corn on the side of the hill. The bush fence had been burned, blackboy rushes and grass having been put with it to help it to burn. I could find no signs of any bush-fire having communicated with the corn field, but on the sides of the track leading to the road, I saw places where attempts had been made to fire the bush but it would not spread. I saw tracks of one person in the field and on the track leading to the road. I compared those tracks with those of the prisoner and they cor- responded exactly. There were no other tracks about the place or within miles of it. Mr. Seymour lives about nine miles off. Prisoner told me that while he was at work a bush fire came over the hill, but I found on examining that no bush fire had been over the hill this season ; the fire did not spread more than 60 yards up the hill. Prisoner was not at work on the hill side of the field. The growing wheat was perhaps about 30 inches high. I saw prisoner's tracks upon the hill side. Pri- soner must have seen any person who came to the field. Cross-examined—I saw no mark or sign of any attempt having been made to put out the fire at any place where it had been lighted. By the prisoner—You did say to me that you could not tell how the fire originated. A per- son might be about cattle hunting without being seen from the field, but on searching the country round I could only find one track, that of Mr. Curtis. W. F. Seymour—Lives at Dunsbro', had a field of wheat at Punjarup ; prisoner was in my employ ; he was carting fencing at Punjarup for two days, and after that I left him there to reap the wheat ; that was on the 8th Jan. ; on the 9th the prisoner came to Dunsbro, and told me the wheat had been burned ; that as he was reaping about 9 o'clock in the morning he heard a noise of cracking, but on looking up he saw nothing ; shortly afterwards he again heard the noise, and then saw the fire coming over the hill like a race-horse. I went to the field and saw that most of the wheat had been burned, except a few patches. Between the field and the hill over which he said the fire came, was a bush fence which was partly burned ; I could see no fire on the hill, but I found spots where fire had been, and handful of rushes half burned, as if some one had held them as long as they could. There was a hut in a gully on the opposite side of the field, the fire for cooking I saw had not spread to the bush. There were some trees in the gully on fire which must have been put to them. Targett helped me to put the fire out. The track from the road to the field led over the hill. Prisoner told me he did not know where his sickle was, but I afterwards saw him go to where some sheaves had been burned, and rake among the ashes and take his sickle out; that fire had not spread around but was confined to those sheaves. Prisoner had been four or five months in my service, which he ran from ; I had him arrested, but on his agreeing to come back he was not punished ; that was two months before the fire. At Dunsbro' prisoner told me he had tried to put the fire out, with a bough he had broken off in the gully ; I could not find any place where any attempt to put the fire out had been made, and on looking with the prisoner I could not find the bough or the place it had been broken from, nor could he, and he then said that perhaps in his excitement he had taken a broken stick, but we could not find that. By the Prisoner—I told you that I did not see how the fire came without your knowing something about it. William Curtis—Knows prosecutor and prisoner. On the 10th Jan. I went to Cunja- lup and examined a burned wheatfield, I judged the fire had orignated in the middle of the field where prisoner must have thrown hissickle down and put a match into the wheat. I think every shook had been set fire to it by itself as there were places between where no fire had been. I saw places where a man had walked into the standing corn, set fire to it, and walk out again. I only saw the footmark of one person ; both Seymour and prisoner were there when I ex- amined the field. By the Prisoner—You told me that you had been walking round the field with a dry stick or bush on your back, and some sparks must have fallen from it. That was in reply to a question from me respecting a small spot where a sheaf or two had been burned and his sickle, which was away from any other spot had been burned. Prisoner in defence merely said that he knew nothing about the fire. Guilty—In sentencing the prisoner His Honor noticed that his original sentence of 10 years transportation, was for arson—8 years penal servitude. George Bruce, charged with forgery at York ; a second count charged the uttering. John Langdon-lives at York ; on the 24th December was at Wilding's, in Northam, prisoner was there ; prisoner asked me and a man named Owen to go to York with him for a spree and he would bear all expenses as he had plenty of money, At York on Christmas Day we put up at Albert's, had dinner there and afterwards went to Gallop's, where he asked me to stay "while he went over to a friend's, M'Lachlan. I did so and afterwards prisoner called to me to go over to M'Lachlan's. I did so and while there prisoner got writing mate- rials and asked M'Lachlan to draw him out an order in his master's name upon Mr. Padbury for £3 and told him how to do it. M'Lachlan did so and gave it to him ; it is that produced. Bruce put the order in his pocket, and we then went to Gallop's where Bruce asked him to cash the order, but he would not. Owen then came up when Bruce gave him the order and asked him to get change for it. We had break- fast and some ale at Gallop's ; we then went to Mr. Monger's to try and get the order changed but he was not at home ; we then went to Albert's, and I saw Owen ask him to change the order, and I saw him put the money down on the table and Bruce took it up ; there was only sixteen or seventeen shillings, as our - dinners &c.; on the previous day was charged for by Albert. I only recognise the order by the red lines upon it. Henry Albert—deposed that the prisoner and Owen and Langdon were at his house on Christmas Day ; Owen paid for what they had on the following day telling me to give the change to Bruce. Owen then produced and gave me an order on Padbury for £3 and asked me to change it ; Prisoner was leaning over Owen at the time. I made a remark as to the name being spelt Padburrer instead of Padbury. Owen said perhaps the writer was not a good scholar. Bruce said he had the order from his master, I gave the full change for the order, without deducting anything tor drink. I put two pounds on the table which Owen pushed over to Bruce who took it up, and I afterwards gave Owen one pound in silver. Cross-examined by the prisoner—Owen gave me the order, I put the money on the table, and you took it up. Richard Bourke deposed to the order in question not being written by him or his authorisation. Prisoner left him on his own account. Prisoner's statement before committing magistrate, put in and read, was to the effect that he acknowledged asking M'Lachlan to write the order and also to giving it to Owen to get changed. Prisoner now said that he knew nothing about the order except that he was present when Albert changed it, and had sixteen or seventeen shillings of it. The Jury without retiring, returned a verdict of Guilty.—5 years penal servitude. Abraham Michel, charged with stealing sandal wood at York the property of Henry Chowney ; a second count charged a second larceny within six months of the first, and a third receiving. The prisoner was defended by Mr. Loftie. James Chowney deposed to having a quantity of sandal wood deposited close by the junction bridge of the Dale and Avon Rivers, about the 14th October, about 5 tons,on the lefthand side of the road. I afterwards heard some of the wood was gone, and upon examining found there were only 28 logs left, about 3½ tons I missed ; the wood was branded with A. There were no other heaps near the junction bridge. I had given no person any authority to remove the wood. Cross-examined—I first learned the wood was gone on the 22nd November. —O'Neill was in prisoners employ on 20th October last ; a few days after was told by him io go with John Butler to fetch a load of sandal- wood which Butler was to point out. We went on the new line to the junction bridge where I got a load of wood from a heap on the left hand side leading to Mr. Seabrook's. Butler put the wood up into the dray ; the heap was between 30 and 40 yards from the bridge, Alter we had loaded np we returned to the prisoner's house along the bed of the river, in which we left the dray and wood ; it was then about midnight. Next morning prisoner told me he found the wood was branded, we then went down to the dray and prisoner told me to throw the wood out of the dray. I did so and then saw the wood was branded A ; prisoner, Butler, and myself then cut off the brands, one had a hammer and gouge and the other a hand saw ; while prisoner was cutting off the ends of the logs, he told me that I was too particular, for he had had many loads taken from him, and he did not see why he should not have one. I loaded the dray with the wood, and prisoner wished me to take it to Perth and sell it in my own name. I refused unless he gave me an order in writing to do so. I ultimately by his directions sold the wood on his account to Mr. Haysom, and took back flour, sugar, and potatoes, and the balance in money. The main road is the best road between prisoners house and the bridge, but the bed of the river is the shortest.* I returned from Perth I think on the Saturday, the 11th November and on the following day the team was sent as the prisoner said, to get a load of wood he had purchased from David Evans, who did not want me to go with it. Butler and M'Gee took the team, and I saw it again on Prisoner's premises on the 14th at day-break, it had just arrived and had a load of sandalwood. Prisoner told me to take the team and wood to Perth. Butler told me as I took a saw out of the cart, that if the police asked me if I had fetched a load of wood from the junction bridge, I was to say I had. I looked to see if there was any brand on the wood and could see none ; but the butt ends looked fresh. I sold that load also to Mr. Haysom. On my return prisoner told me to go for another load of wood. Cross-examined—I did not see the brand on the wood until prisoner showed it to me. I told the magistrate I assisted to cut off the brands of the first load. I have been more than one and less than two years on my ticket this last time. I had £7 8s. from Mr. Haysom for the prisoner and I lost it, I told the prisoner so in York on my return, and he talked of having me locked-up; I afterwards gave him an acknow- ledgement for the amount I had lost, which I was to work out ; I never had a word with the prisoner since, but he was always grumbling. Prisoner got a writing by Martin as an acknowledgement by me. James Hayden, police constable—On the 13th November last, early in the morning I saw a heap of sandalwood lying near the junction road on the left hand side of the road, about 30 or 40 yards from the bridge, prisoner's team was loading from the heap, with Butler and M'Gee, whom I knew to be in his employ ; they stopped when they saw me coming and I jvenfc up to them and asked for a drink of water. I had seen the sandalwood before but never noticed any brand upon it. The statement of the accused before commit- ting magistrates, put in and read. I bought the wood from John Butler engaged by me as a servant ; saw no brand on the wood, nor cut off any ends from it ; one load was fetched by Butler and O'Neill and one by Butler and M'Gee. I gave 25s. per ton for it. Mr. Loftie having addressed the Jury in defence called-John Butler, probation prisoner. Went with M'Gee for a load of sandalwood to the Junction Bridge; there were two heaps there, one I had cut and covered it with boughs, I cleaned it ten weeks before I went for it. I gave prisoner a sold note, be paid me for it in rations and money. I cannot say the paper pro- duced is that given by me to prisoner ; I cannot read or write. Cross-examined—M'Gee was present when I signed the paper. I went for the wood on Mon- day, but I cannot tell on what day or month. I daresay it is getting on for six months ago. My wood was cut about six miles from Mr. Sea- brook's in the bush, I then put it about 20 yards from the bridge ; there was only about a ton, I had some on both sides of the bridge ; there were two other heaps there one about ten or twelve yards from mine, I cannot tell how much was in it ; another was about 100 yards of?. Mine was 12 or 13 yards from the bridge ; the second heap was 30 yards from mine. I do not know the date of the sale paper I gave prisoner. By the Court—I had only one load of sandal- wood, which I had cut while I was working as a prisoner in the road party. Prisoners on road parties are not allowed to cut sandalwood. I was only two months with that road party and was discharged on the 1st May ; there were 16 or 17 men in the party. Between cutting and selling the wood I saw it four times. Wheeler was warder over the prisoner party, but he knew nothing about my cutting the wood, I did it while I was feeding the horse. I saw the other heaps when I went to York on the 24th October. O'Neill was not with me when I went for the wood. I only knew of one load brought from the bridge. By Mr. Loftie—I am now suffering 12 months for cutting the wood in question. Pri- soner gave me 25s. for the wood, in rations and money. George Haysom—Bought some sandalwood brought by Michel's team ; the teamster said Michel told him to get cash for that load ; I think he had some sugar and potatoes and I gave him the balance. In Nov. the teamster was the worse for liquor and I refused to give give him the balance in money, but told him I would write to his master. On that occasion he stole a whip out of my office, and I took it away from him. O'Neill told me he lost the inoney I gave hint for his master, but I think it wat very likely he spent it, as he was very tipsy when he came to take his team away ; he came several times with sandalwood. Frederick Armstrong had known the prisoner for several years, had heard nothing against his character. I would give him credit. The Attorney-General having replied His Honor summed up at considerable length, the Jury retired for nearly an hour, returned with a verdict of Guilty—3 years penal servitude. James Webb, charged with burglary at the house of James Cadby, at York, on the 29th Jan. ; a second count charged receiving sundry property. James Cadby deposed leaving his house ¼ past eight in the evening, fastening the doors and windows, and going to Craig's ; on the way the prisoner tapped him on the shoulder and and asked me to take part of a pot of beer with him Staid at Craig's about half an hour after prisoner went. On arriving at home I found the door had beenbrokenopen;a double barrelled gun with a piece of tin on the stock and a bulge in the left hand barrel was gone, and some articles of clothing were taken. The gun produced is that which was taken from my house. I thought it was Webb who had been there from the way he left me at Craig's ; he asked me to take the beer with him and left me to pay for it. Reuben Linley—Knows prisoner, was at his hut on 30th Jan., on the hill behind Mr. Mon- ger's. Webb came in with a double barrel gun and a bag; the gun is that produced, he told me I was to sell it to apply the money for the license for wood cutting, while he left me in charge of his hut. Prisoner pointed to a bush close to the hut and told me to put the gun under there. The police sergeant came and asked me if I had a gun I said no, but that I knew where there was one, and took him where it was ; I was in the hut three days. Cross-examined by the prisoner—The bush was about 50 yards from the hut, I do not know that I have said it was 200 yards. John Maye, sergeant of police at York, re- ceived information and went to where Reuben Linley lived and asked him about a gun ; he took me to the hill and showed me where it was, hidden under a bush. I had heard pri- soner had offered such a gun for sale. Linley made no hesitation as to showing me where the gun was. In the Magiatrate's Court it was said that a man named Dixon had offered a gun for sale. By the Court—I never suspected Linley of being concerned in stealing the gun. The Jury returned a verdict of Guilty—3 years penal servitude. Thursday, April 5. James Ford alias Ashford, and Samuel Curry), charged with stealing 30 bushels of wheat and 10 bushels barley, the property of Michael Connor, at Toodyay. A second count charged the receiving. Mr. Howell defended the prisoners. Michael Connor—Is a farmer at Northam. On 23rd February left a quantity of wheat and barley in 10 bags on my threshing floor. During the following night I heard a team going as I thought from my threshing floor, and got up, went there and found the bags of wheat and barley gone ; still hearing the team I went after it, and on getting up to it, I saw two persons with it, and some bags in it. I asked what cart it was, and the man who was behind it pointed a gun at me ; the two men then whispered together, and Ford said "go back Micky, I'll bring your wheat back." I then went to Gorman's for assistance, and with him went towards my place and we soon heard a cart coming, on which we hid behind some trees as we were frightened ; I did not look out, but after it had passed, I got up and followed until I saw it go into Ford's yard, it was then daylight. Ford's place was about 5 miles from mine. I called out several times to Ford, and asked him to let me have his team on the fol- lowing Monday, and he said he would, On returning home I found the wheat and barley there, but not on the threshing floor. Cross-examined by Mr. Howell—There is a cart-track passes near by my house. I heard the team stop. I did not expect to hear Ford come for wheat that night. I never sold him any wheat. I went about a mile before I got up to the team. It was when I heard the team go away that I got up. Ford was at the front of the cart. I told him I could not afford to lose the wheat, and he said he would take it back. I believe the gun was put up to the shoulder, I thought it was a gun but it may have been a stick, the man behind took it from the cart. I went to Ford's to make sure it was his cart. Ford had been at my place some day in February looking for a mare of his ; my wheat was threshed at that time, he said it was very good. I swear that he did not say it was good seed wheat and he should like to have some of it. I swear that he did not make any agree- ment with me to exchange 40 bushels of wheat with me, and him to deliver at Mongers. Cross-examined—I followed the cart to Ford's by the sound of it, I did not know it was empty until I saw it in his yard. By the Court—I know Curry, he does not live near me. William Gorman, lives near Connor—On the night of a Friday, Connor came to me for help, and I went with him down the road, and on bearing a team coming we hid ourselves, it wascomingglas from Connor's. It passed, and I only saw one man with it. I advised Connor to fol- low the cart and see whose it was, and I went to his place where I found his wheat a little way from the thrashing floor. Cross-examined—The cart appeared to me to have only one man sitting in the body of it. Cross-examined by the Jury—I could not distinguish who the man was in the cart. I do not think Ford has any team of his own. John Kelly, police sergeant—Connor made complaint on the 24th February, and I went to his place. I saw where a cart had come from the road to his fence, and from the tracks be- tween there and the thrashing floor, I concluded the wheat had been carried to the cart. I then followed the tracks to where Connor said he got up to the cart ; and then saw where it had turned, and then followed the track back to Connor's, where it was apparent they had pulled the fence down and shot the wheat out near the thrashing floor. I afterward tracked that cart to Ford's yard, the tire of the wheels was rather wider than ordinary ; I never missed the track at all. Cross-examined—The team after leaving the wheat at Connor's had gone turning in about the bush, there is no road. Mr. Howell said there was no evidence of any kind against Curry, and His Honor directed the Jury to find a verdict of Not Guilty as re- garded him. Ford was found Guilty and sentenced to 9 calendar months imprisonment hard labor. James Matthias pleaded guilty to a burg- lary at the dwelling-house of Henry Devenish, of Guildford.—9 years penal servitude. Herbert Joseph Redding, charged with stealing a keg of rum, and other goods, the property of Francis Yates; also pleaded Guilty —3 years penal servitude. John Smith, charged with stealing watches, jewellry, &c;, from the dwelling house of George M'Intosh, at Fremantle; a second conut charged receiving. George M'Intosh, watchmaker, at Freman- tle,—deposed that on the evening of the 22nd December, his house was in his absence entered and robbed of watches jewelry, &c;, not less than £300 in value. The two watches pro- ducd were among those then stolen; an ink- mark and a paper which were inside the case of one of the watches has since been taken out; the two are worth about £7 or £8. William Dale, Sergeant of Police-Had looked for prisoner in Perth, on the morning of the 23rd, Dec., and could not find him; on 16th Feb., went with Regan to Jackson's Boarding House, to look for him ; I went up stairs and into a room where he was sleeping, made him get up and arrested him ; afterwards I went to Jackson and demanded any property left by Smith in his care. He asked to see the war- rant and then he handed to me the two watches produced and told me from whom he had re- ceived them. Had no reason to suspect Jack- son. Cross-examined by the prisoner—I found nothing suspicious in your room. Thomas Jackson — Recollects Sergt. Dalo coming to me one night and telling me he had apprehended the prisoner and another person in my house, and asked me for any property they had left in my care. I gave him two watches which Smith had left with me previous afternoon, they are those produced. James Dixon, constable at Fremantle, pro- ved having seen prisoner in that town both before and after the robbery at M'Intosh's. John Henderson proved Smith was lodging at his house from 11th to 25th Dec; did not know how he got his living, but was quiet and civil. Sub Inspector Snook also proved Smith's presence in Fremantle at the time of the rob- bery. Guilty, to be brought up on Wednes- day next for sentence. Murray and Shevelin charged with uttering a ferged cheque or order for £4 5 0 were found Not Guilty. Egup, an aboriginal, was put upon trial for murder of Mr. Clarkson. The evidence was the same as that aducded on the former trial for this murder, and the Jury not being able to agree, it is stated, through one person insist- ing upon a recommendation to mercy, were locked up for the night. The cases remaining for trial on Friday, are -Monkey, aboriginal for rape at Northam. Jas, Ritchie & Edward Fitzgerald charged with stealing a horse the property of George Dixon, at Fremantle. 