LATEST INTERCOLONIAL MARKETS. VICTORIA. The following Is from the Argus of the 3rd inst.:—"In the import market business for the year opens out any thing but briskly. Although it is generally anticipated that an increased trade must be done when we are once beyond tbe influence of holiday-making, ao signs of an im provement bave as yet been presented. In the market for breadstuff-there has been more animation, well on to 5,0.0 bushels of Chilian wheat having changed bauds, iu parcels, bt 99 7jd, and 9s 9d for export. No transactions in Cali aomian wheat have transpired. Adelaideflour goes steadily fnto tbe bands of tfae trade at £24 to £24 10s. Chilian flour -brings £21, and trade sales of Californian are made at £22 to £22 ios. Maize is offering at ss 4d, bat sales are trifling. A shipment of Hennessy's case brandy has been disposed ofat2TS- We hear of a parcel ol about 40 bales of corn sacks bavins* been quitted at usfid. Genet a Is enquired for ; eome 500 cases JDKZ found a buyer at lie. the price recently established for this spirit. A parcel ol 40 quarter casks of spirits of wine was placed at a fall market rate aaid to be about 4s 3d, A parcel of crashed loaf sugar, in bond, has been taken np at £44; for other descriptions buyers wait the opportunity ot purchasing which will be offered at to-morrow's sales. Freight Repobt.—The following Is Hr, S. De Beer'a Monthly Shipping and Freight Beport, dated December 23: —" Consequent npon the large receipts of wool trom the interior, tbe various ships ou the berth for' London have for the par_t two or three weeks been kept pretty actively loading; but owing to the large amount of tonnage on the berth, coupled with that in port available to succeed, it is distressing to be obliged again to note a further redaction npon tbe very low rates or freight quoted in last month's report. The current rate for wool, both greasy and scoured, is now Jd. per pound, at which large engagements bave been made dally, bat it is not likely the figure will farther re cede, as never in the history ofthe past bas tbe minimum of rates declined to the above quotation. Dead welghe is very scarce, and the limited parcels procurable are taken gladly at a low rate. Several parcels or wool, aggregating abont .000 bales, bave been in tbe market during the month, for shipment to New York direct, bat owing to the low rate of freight proposed, viz., five eighths of a penny—proportion to tbat ruling for London - no vessel of a suitable c pacity conld be foand willing to lay on. Now that the civil war in the United States is at length happily ended, and with tbe almost certain pros pect of profitable rates of freight being had next season, there is little doubt of onr being able to make a beginning with shipments of produce direct to tbe States, by dispatching one or two ships at least. No charters to load at any of the Indian ports, or those of China, for Europe, have been effected doting the month, tbe continued advices ofthe depressed rates of freight ruling iu these quarters having for the present annihilated this branch of business. Owing to; [ the depressed advices referred to, the masters of disengaged ship? here are most painfully situated, not knowing in what direction to turn in search of employment. The trade, with the various New Zealand ports is now reduced to'ja. compara tively small compass, oaring to the abundant supplies of merchandise now and for some time past received direct from Bnglan], and other local canses, consequently the bulk ofthe tramofalls to the steamers, who are not content with very reasonable rates. For want ot better employment, the berth for the above norta ia always well supplied by sailing craft, bnt they fill np slowly, and at very poor rates of freight. In coal Crerighta from Newcastle to this port, great dnlness continues to be tbe pervading feature, nothingover 14a being procurable; and as this rate is far from profitable, little or no business is doing. Ships are enquired for to load at New castle for San Francisco and China, but few engagements have been made, tfae rates offered being ot a character insufficient to induce shipmasters to proceed to ports where the prospects of profitable employment are ao uninviting. A very limited number of charters have been effected during the month, those reported embracing: only the Sea Nymph, for a full cargo of hemp, from Manila to this port, at 60s per CO feet; the Nemesis, to load at Maldon Island (in the South Pacific) guano to London direct, at 65s per ton; and for same voyage the Tbetis (which vessel, as reported in my last Circular, arrived here from Ceylon seeking), at a rate kept private. To load on the west coast of South America (Valparaiso, Tome, ftc) nothing bas been done, bnt it has transpired that a good many vessels bave of late proceeded thither for breadstuffS for tbe colonial markets, although cleared out ior other ports; and as our own harvests for the season are already to some extent available, Uttle is likely now to be done to tbat quarter for some time to come. Several mobs of horses are at present in the market for Indian ports, bnt no engagements have been effected. . In , the present depressed condition of the shipping interest, very few vessels are changing hands; and the only sales reported are those of the iron screw steamer Saxonia, 351 tone j register, built at Harburg in 1855. at £6,000, and tbe barque Meander, built at Sunderland in 1850. at £1,900. j Stock Report.—Messrs. D dun-hoy Campbell & Co. report:—Fat Cattle—A full supply; 450 bead came to hand. Host of those were of second to inferior quality. The demand for such being very limited, a redaction of 30s to 40s per head took place, owing to the large quantities of other kinds of food used durina the holidays; the demand was mnch more limited than usual, and tbe market was altogether the dullest one we have had for some time. We quote good quality bullocks, from £8 to £10; eecond quality do, from £5 10s to £e us; inferior do, from £4 upwards. Good quality cows from £6 lOS to £S; second quality do, fro.n £4 10s to JE6; inferior from £3 upwards, we have sold 217 head from the Murray—second quality, at £418s 3d for cows, and £6 9s 3d for bullocks; also 16 head for J. Mickle, Esq., at £10. Fat Calves—The supply, ISO bead, waa iu excess of the demand, and really prime qualities sold at about the same rate aa those lately obtained fbr -_--_i___ iota. We bave sold 25 head for John Mickle, Esq, at from 32s to £2 78 63. Flat Sheep—A very large supply—viz, 11.819— came forward. Of this number a large portion were Inferior, for which there was no demand, except at very low prioes, for grazing purposes. Good and prime qualities were not In such good demand, and at fatly is per head nnder last .-reek's rates. A few Bmall lots, very prime, extra weight, broagbt ftom ISS to 235; prime quality, ordinary weights, brought from 12s to lis; second quality do, trom ss 6d to lis: inferior do, from 7s upwards. We have sold McPhaU'e wethers at from 13s to 13s 6d; Mcintosh's wethers at from I2s 6d to 17s 9d; Mcintosh's ewes at lis 6d; Brcdie'e wethers at 17s 9d: Brodie's ewes at Ss ed; Hair's wethers at from ioe to 109 3d. Fat Lambs—Over 41,000 came to hand; only about one-third of the supply were taken by the trade at a considerable reduction on last week's rates; the greater portion were withdrawn from sale or Bold to graziers. A few extra prime brought from lis to 15a Sd; good do, from 98 to 126; other qualities from 43 upwards. We have sold several lots at from ss. up to iss Sd per head. HEW SOUTH WAXES. Hie S. M. Herald, of the 21st December, eays of flour:— "This market has been very much depressed du-lng the past month, and prices, aa compared with last month, show a decline of fully £4 to £5 per ton. Adelaide, first brands, range from £24 to £25 per ton, but SBlea_,c_n only be effected In small lots. The arrivals from California have caused this fall, but during the last few days the market has been rather firmer, and bayera have operated more freely. Chilian flour is quoted at £21 to£2i ios, and Californian at £21 to £22. Wheat has also declined about is 6d per t>U-beL Adelaide Is quoted at 98 Sd to 10s; Chilian, 88 6d to 83 9d- The cargo of Callfomiau wheat, ex Marian, was sold, to-day, at auction, at 8s 8d to 88 9d per busheL Stick Bepobts.—Denlliquin, Friday Evening.—Another week, and the whole country wUI be open to free selection, and we fear many settler-* have delayed m«iri_ig application for reservations for water, roads, be, until too late. In the harry attendant on forwarding the necessary documents at tbe last moment, several important points will be overlooked, and land will be selected before the necessity for its reservation is observed. For instance, no provision has been made to keep Uie stock roads open, and a few selectors, by taking lands adjacent and abutting on tbe main track, will drive travelling cattle between the fences, or send them, perhaps, a oouple of miles out of the way. Squatters now are too much occupied with looking to the reservation of good water reserves tor their own stock, and on their own stations, to attend to the protection cf roads for travelling stock; bat the want of united action in this matter at the present time will, if we mistake not, be of serious injury. Our local market Is non est, and agents and dealers have to find other topics cf con versation than stock. There have been no crossings since our last, but Mr. Keighran will cross about 500 or 600 fat cattle to-morrow. Messrs. Murphy and Hunt are gathering a mob of Cat near Wagga Wagga, they pur chased SO from Yabtree. Mr. G. Forsyth bas sold for Messrs. Cunningham and Macredle, 8,600 wethers, to Messrs. McNieol and Guthrie. Messrs. Lavender and Wilkinson bave purchased 8,000 wethers from the Bogau Biver Com pany; they will be shorn at Wagga Wagga. We observe the flocks belonging to Messrs. Desailly, Mr. Blcketson, Mr. Blackwood, and others, have passed the above township on their road to the hills. They are being foUowed by many others, and loud are the complaints of settlers through whose runs the main road passes. We regret to hear that extensive bush-fires have been raging In the hills—the Land of Promise, and fear extensive losses will ensne. From New England we bear of a better demand existing for store sheep, but not mnch business doing, owing to tbe buyers and Belters not being agreed to prices. Wholesale buyers have not at present advanced their figure, but it is thought they must do so aa the Improved feed makes owners more independent. Much the same may be said of store cattle. Our Queensland advioes are to the 9th instant. No transactions of note are reported, and the market dull. At Ipswich, 20 horses, principally light backs, were sold at fioin £10 to £12 per head; heavy draught, £25 to £35; and 35 light unbroken stock, at £3 IBs per head, ioo prime fat cattle brought a fair price, but heavy arrivals were expected. There were also sold 40 cows, with calves at foot, at £2 2a 6d to £2178 ed. Hr. Crase's store cat-tie. 500. still remain in tbe neighborhood of BooligaL We notice the sale by Messrs. Powers, Kutherwood, & Co. of the Batherwah station, on the BUlabong, to Messrs. Sumner & Faed, with 2,000 head of cattle, for £18,000, half cash, balance in one, two, and three years. Tbe weather has been most unsettled, du_t and wind •toi-msitfter-?._i-g, with moderate breewt, 4 low drops of train fell on Wednesday, and this evening there were three smart showers, though lasting only a short time. Biver down.— Pastoral Times. . Hav.—lt Is anything but a pleasurable task to bare to refer to the coutuiu-ng drought; but we see nothing to be gained by disguising tbe fact. Tbat we are not so badly off as in many districts of the neighboring colonies is no consolation to os, where in many instances considerably over one-half of the stock have perished. Notwithstand ing the dryness of tbe reason, there is considerable demand for country to hold. If the predictions of the greatest of the weather- wise do not prove true, £his is the season above all others for laying out capital, now that the system of making aqnedncts and reservoirs has been proved beyond a donbt of tbe greatest'utility. If legislation be wanted on any subject more than another, it is in regard to tbe damming of riven and aiding tbe How of water In other wise dry channels. Bat sacb is the drag on the wheels of our colonial legislator*!, tbat the bitterest feeling of antagenism mast be engendered amongst neighbors life. Itself lost, or open defiance to law and order, before they will move a atep in the rightdirection. Tbere are many stations npon which rain has fallen only once within periods ranging from 14 to 26 months. Is there any country but Riverina that could sustain stock nnder similar ctrcomstanoes as these? There is a demand for maiden ewes, but at a figure about one-half what they were to be had at this time last year. On Friday and Saturday last there was every indi cation of rain, and about half- past 5 o'clock on Saturday a few drops fell, bat, bang accompanied with a violent gale, carrying tbe dust dost before it like snowdrift, which lasted for abont two bonrs, the atmosphere was completely cleared ofthe watery vapor. The weather has eince been cool and pleasant. Well-sinking is still being carried on with vigor, and with considerable success. 250 fat cattle started Irom Walgear'son Friday; sameday 300fat Cold water; 1,000 store will follow in a few days. Store Sheep—«,too crossed the pant on Monday. They are from Coreen station (late Gemmel'e), on the Murray, and en route tor Richmond's station—Pimplaropa- A gentleman who started firom tbe Barling five days ago. informs us that he had seen just before starting three mobs of fat cattle moving down the river.— Riverine Advertiser, Dec 20. The Riverine Herald of the 23rd instant says:—"Not a single lot of either cattle or sheep has crossed at Ectauca or Moama since our last. Tbe light rain which fell last Friday evening can have done bnt little good in the way of reviv ing the parched and arid tracts to the northward. Pastoral matters continue to wear a dark aspect, and there is no easing when they will mead. Carriage to all parts Of the interior is mounting to ruinonr. rates for the settlers, many of whom are beginning to suffer from the -want of necessary supplies. Tbe river navigation is all bat closed, and wc cannot expect env further floods for several months. Beports hare reached us of snow having fallen lately in the Alpine Ranges, and should this have been the case to any great extent, there is a possibility that it may be brought down by the summer beat, aud tbat freshes may consequently occur in the river sooner than conld be expected under ordinary circumstances." TASUANIA. The Hobart Town Mercury, of December 28, says:— "The conti -tied fine weather is all that can be desired to bring on the crops, wliich are now pretty generally reported as looking well, particularly tbe late ones. The hay crop, which is nearly all harvested, has been light tlu- onghODt the southern districts, and there is very Uttle ol last year's crop re-naioiag in growers' hands. Floor and wheat command moat attention to-day, and for the former millers were demanding and getting £21 to £23 for firsts. The only stocks of wheat offering wer those imported by tbe Derwent. for all of whicb 12s. was readily obtained in the early part of tbe day. Excepting two parcels still in the interior, which are held for 135., this side of the island is now positively bare of farther supplies. For sbaips tbe demand continue; in exces? of the supply, and the price is firm at £10. Bran 4a quoted at the mills at is 3d to ls 4d. Of hay, new loose, there was a fair supply this morning, at £4 ss. to £4 IBs." HAUKITIUb. We have been favored with the following trade circular by Messrs. W. Morgan & Co. :— "Mauritius, 17th November, 1865. "Daring the last few days we bave had the following arrivals from Australia—Maid of Honor, from Sydney; Revenge, from Adelaide; and Planter and Sarah, from Melbourne. "Although our last London man of the 7th October, which arrived on the Bth Instant, brought advices of a far ther rise or about is per cwt. in the Home sugar market, grey refining sugars have barely maintained their value here, large sales having been made during the last few days at prices which show a fall of a few cents on our last quo tations. ** White crystalized and yellow grocery sugars cannot, however, be said to bave undergone any alteration, and -dU-OUeli the -demand for Australia is aot very active, the quotations given in onr printed circalsr of the 6th instant ■u-e still maintained. " The Water Lily has just been chartered by Joshua Bros. ta carry 350 tons to Adelaide at a freight of 40s per ton, be sides whioh the foUowing vessels are now loading—Pacific. 316 tons, for Sydney, chartered there to return; Hadleye. 348 tons, for Sydney, chartered there to return; Sarab, 233 tons, for Melbourne, owners' account; Planter No. I, 231 tons, for Melbourne, chartered there to retain. 1 "Our import market continues bare of Australian pro dace. A small parcel of flour received per Revenge from Adelaide has been sold at 6 doL 50c, and 2.000 bus from Valparaiso bave brought 6 doi. ?Sc per 100 lbs. Wheat is in demand at 4 doi. 50c per 100 lbs. The coals per Maid of Honor have been cold at s doi. per ton alongside. Beef is in demand at 20 dot. to 33 dot per tierce. ** We remain, &a.; "IRELAND, FOASEB, & Co." Clearances for Australia since the Ist November:— (November 3)-Crown, for Sydney, with 5,382 bags; (4.— Fairy Rook, for Sydney, with 4,217 bags; (s)—St. Anne, for Port Phillip Heads for orders, with 6,618 bags; (8)— Elizabeth, for Melbourne, witU 5.419 bags; Norman, for Lannceaton, with 4,628 bags ; (13)—Ayr, for Adelaide, with 2,ol6bags; Ayr. tor Auckland, witb 4,930 bags; Pactole, for Melbourne, with 7,745 bags; (17)—Falcon, forDnnedin, with 5,268. SAN FRANCISCO. The following is from tbe Circnlar of Messrs. Falkner. Bell, & Co., of San Francisco, dated October 28:— "We have to report an active business in wheat, flour, and barley, with large transactions; but oats remain neglected. The demand for wheat has been chiefly for China. One ship —the Nonpareil—is loading for Liverpool, for account o( owners; but this will probably be tbe only vessel that will be dispatched to tbat quarter during the present year. Tbe Australian demand for wheat has ceased; but aa we have noted above that for China still continues. How mnch will be exported to that country we are at a loss to conjecture; but it is not unlikely that, witb low freights, say 3 doi. to 4 doi. per ton, shipments may continue to be made. Wheat—The demand has been good for the past thirty days, with sales for export of 90,000 sacks, at 20. Our millers have been eager buyers at Idol. 90c. for inferior, to 2doL per 100 Ib. for choice qualities. The amonnt taken will not fall far short of 60,000 sacks, but there have been no speculative purchases. Onr farmers continue very firm in their demands, and until the rainy season has fairly set in we hardly look for any reaction in prides. Barley bas been in good request, with 30,01V sacks taken for export to Iquique. at le per lb-, and 10.000 sacks for New York at the same figure. Stocks are large, and prices are not likely to improve. Oats remain neglected; we quote the prioe still at IdoL 40c for fair, and Idol. 60c for choice quality per 4004b. Hour is still In good demand at former rates. We quote:—Superfine, In half-sacks, 6dol. 25c.; do. in quarter-sacks, CdoL 50c ; extra, in half-sacks. 6dol. SOc; do, in quarter-sacks, 6doL lie; superfine, in barrels, tsdol. 75c.; extra, in barrels, 7dol. Wheat—Tin exports to Australia since July 1 amount to 75,891 sacks. In addition, there were shipped of Chilli wheat to Australia 1,941100 lb. sacks." 