THERE can now be no doubt that the new Parliatapęt tpiiriack as tnuch as'its imhiediate predecessor jnany of ihose^. statesmen who have been held up as such shining lights to the people. ,It"will\>e.withbut many of those, who', whether for good ór" "bad"miners now but little,, hive taken such prominent part in past legislation. Almost tlie semblance oi opposition to the .present administration will bav« passed away, and.it will, be apparently a difficult matter to find leaders lor-the small body who will -sit on the Opposition benches. ' As'a geffńrai rule, we pare but Very little for this'; wa .are not- at all concerned that Wood, Ireland, Greeves, and otieis will bii releguted to that obscurity;they sojmuch dislike. . We jdonbt iiot men will be fotmd when occasion requires them, able and willing to. take . up the ^vacant' places, _and possessed oi more 'hnn^t intentions -thaii many of their predecessors". We look, 'therefore, to losa but little while we gain much, through the verdict of the country consigning these men once again to private lite. Two of the most prominent of our politi, cian 1 , who have been once members ot' the same Ministry, leave a political life from very different causes, and whose absence will cause very different feelings on the part of the public . We m?an Messrs Wood and O'Shanassy. Mr Wood's political career-as fur as Victoria is concerned' is-virtually:;afc an- end. .. Thrice rejected within the short /space' of fifteen months, he has been taught-a' lesson ; which nothing but his esrtretne self-snfficiencv and conceit will enable b'iin to overcome.. Twice has he been rejected after parading the country! as a lecturer, expoiindnig principles upon which he built his political faith. However great his vanity; Mr Wood cannot now help feeling that Victoria has grown beyond him. •that it lias advanced tó too great a stage of enlightenment to aceept .such tn-^n as himself for legislators.- -He has had the bitter mortification to see men whom he would consider far inferior in mental capacity to himsejf chosen by general acclamation, while he was rejected,, because the peojile tiad no "faith in him. ' He has" been' VeViied "and' Lootfed-va" proceeding we have not the .least .hesitation, in condemning—by the pepjile whose suffrages he solicited,, because they saw be was simply attempting to dupe them And now, :ts a fitting /Jłinfe to a discreditable career, he brings himself within the reach of the law, by endangering the life of a political opponent. Mr Wood has, in fact, caused the people lo wonder that they tolerated such a- represeutati vp, and 10 ivj nice 1 hat t bey escn ped a repetition of the infliction. - He. has made cieaily apparent to every unbiased mind that they were mistaken in' the ; man; that lie wham they considered wo'thy to' represent any.constituency has proved himself pnworthy of return, even by the. merest pocket borough., rHis day in Victoria has passed: and as a politicianiiis'caieer here has ended in the most signal failure, and has been characterised by the most disgraceful circumstances that could well be conceived.' Such is the fitting result of talent and genius sold to unpolitical party "for unworthy "prirposęs. Mr 0'fchahas»y leaves the''political 'world of Victoria—of wliich 'hte has"-unquestionably been 'a 'brilliant ornament—under'-circumstances of a very'different nature,'and his ' absence will be marked by .the expression of very different feelings to those which characr terise-Mr.Wood's departure, Victoria is not ungrateful, and she cannot forget that he who is to leave her shores for the benefit of his health, has been one of her best and greatest statesmen^ has proved himself capable of grappling with -circumstanceis of the greatest difficulty, and was one of those who, by long and unremitting exertion, placed Victoria in the proud position of an independent state. Victoria will not readily forget, the. services of a man who Was ever : at his post, ready, to do battle for his adopted-country, and who was ever foremost in giving his time and - at tention to the business of the state. There have been many things in which we disagreed with Mr O'^hanassy, much of his political career with which we have, had to find fault,but these do not blind us to .thergreat services he has rendered the colony, nor keep us" from admitting his manv excellent qualities. It would be a work of supererogation to look for 'a.etatesman without fault, fo expect'a Cabinet Minister to pass tin his career entirely unscathed by those influences which are so blighting in-their effect. Mr O'Shanassy was not free from blame jas fi,minister, nor always on the right side as a politician, but few indeed even among his political opponents will deny him credit, for great cervices rendered inthe fast, or-attempt 'to dispute his possession bf great talent and ability." "How different the,feelings; which will mark the departure of: these two . statesmen . from public life ? And yet both u-ere arrayed on the one side; both conceuded apparently for the same priuciple. 'i he one leaves political life without a token of-regret outside thp party, for whom' 'he so' degi aded" himself, * w the t)there departure will be marked; by a:, general sorrow. The one earned ancLmaintained the respect of the people, the other htidu ęoucedeil him and forfeited it. The 1 ' retirement ojf Messrś O'Shaiassy and A.Vqoil from" public life convey s'a peculiar .moralwhich statesmen will!do well to foHow.. _ . We are glad for Mr O'Shanassy's .own sate thati he*retires ut the present jhn'cture. , from political'lffe.'" He would be put of jilaco in, the new Parliament, as , cnpsistently. he •could not take his seat „with Ministers, and he'is not the^ jąanj to be .^„opposition to the peoples will. As circumstances have tnined out, : M r O'Shanassy is not rpgnired"just'now, and [to be in Parliament at -śiięh l a momeit wóiild neither increase the dignity qf his position nor add 10 his influence. He is not onewhose absence •cnn-rfemain iinfelt, «nd>weare mucti mistaken if his ^thpoiiryiretiremeht— for. such ^ve trust is all it~t^l-be —^dpc^ opt cóńdiijjjj ^Bjt^ijSś^óji^i ś^o^.^i ^Tt.hat-.«f liis adopted ^opntfy .ji,: We - have now at the helm ymeij iwillingAndl^iable-of yoin^the . "pfeljples work, and competent to 'lSiBMhiirgp^ the t^sk entruste4 to them. To these shoul^ the execution ot this task be left without in- •teirujitión, to them be left the fulfillment of the^work 'óiRy have ably commenced. But-, in ńie ^iaturdl:orHpr of events their plafcę will h ft '; to J 11 (| I; by 01 hers, and tliea, when loacb jmbyi fw^nted, we trust to'see Mr O'^Jitonissy>-[backy ajrain, with imgropęd alftiX ith^njmjidired vigor ahd^enar^y, !lBd wit! «h4radditional experience which a stud}' of European political life cannot fail to give him. Therefore while we regret the cause which necessitates Mr O'Shanassv's departure from Victoria, ..we think it qaite as well bis wonted place sliould be vacant in the new Parliament. *': ' 'J A dnstirdly and malici. ins" trisk "appeafa to have been played off lare'y upon a well -knuwu local resident—Mr Fer'iis——whereby that gentleman has sustained the loss u!' several favourites. : Withiu a very shurt lime a favourite pointer and some spleudid turkeys and nther fowls, have been .poisoned,-and-now a ti kius? parrot, Wtl' known, in every peróon -i:i tlie habit of passing Mr Ferns's,-- has bt-en a ideltoihe list. The act seems purely maiici hi.-, as there can be; little doubt they havp'beeii pAife )nW. The loss of the pairot in particular is a hwivy one in a pecuniary, -sense, for,we believe Mr Ferris—who is well knovvn for liis.^kiii in training birds to talk—hah been offered as high as 20i for the bird: , It is a pity:that .whoever was guilty of the.dastardly trick, were .not detected and. brpUf;ht,t<) justice. - The quarterly general meeting of 4he British • Empire Goid-iuitiing Company wis hel.dyesterday afte'rnoohj at'-Braithw iits's 'Viclriria "Hiitel, Mr Sands in the chair. ^ . About tifreeu shareholders, .representing ueąrly £00 ahnre^, were' in attendance. The balance-sheet was read and aSupted. subjec' tij .iia beingtf^nnd. correct by the auditors. The Board ol Directors for the ••nsuing year was then appointed as foliowg,: — Massrs Davies, • HoVibs,' Wilson; 'Wilklrisóii, Braithwaite, Middlet m, Neal, Sands, and M'Kinuey, Messrs Cock and IVeble were then chosen auditors. It was decided to proceed forthwith to work the mine, the manager beinginstrncted to put men to work ou Monday next. The extreme heat which prevailed the early part of the week was dispelled on Wednesday by a heavy tail ot.rain which ]fibed with but little intermission till Thursday morning, aod was succeeded by very violent gusts of wind.. The heavy rainfall effectually suppressed the bushfires which bef'ire had begun to reach somewhat alarmins dimension's. The rain had a rn-jstbeneficial effect on orchards and gardens, and will also make the .grass spring up,-but it was not so favourable for the farmers, uiany of whom had their- wheat ready for themachinesr aud others had the machines on their premises S4id were consequently delayed iń their operations. We have received the}tw* last Melbourne Illustrated papers which, besides the customary epitome of uenrs, coutiin some very good ehg ravings By ą, late number of the Christian Review, we perceive some information iu cohnectinn \vi»,U the wit >if the Rtv R Henderson, to Yea.. The journal in' question says—" at Uay on the Afurrumbidiee, arrangements have progressed stillfuriher. A stipend listof ab.iut. £403 s>er annum has been subscribeil. A raause also_ is promised, and the district is anxiously hiokin? f.ir a suitable minister. The like is reported of the necessities and desire^ through not yetjof the arraqgemeiits ou .the Lower-J/urray District, It is most important, that a Minister be speedily settled at >3wan bill, from which he may go forth : into jthe w'est-rn parts" of liiverina. The two '•ase* Jiave b -en referred to t'ie Pie^bytery of Gaft łtaaiiie. "'' ' One of th'tse grasping individuals who never seeoj content, no matter how well they inay be doing, figured yesterday as plaintiff ia a. case at the l\>!ice Omrt. lie however, received a" iesEon, which in all probabiliry will in soma measure tiaeit him t?i kn*iw'trhón he is well off. Tiie man referred to was einiancd about Boxing Day,- by Mr Gillam v>l • tlie -Biack Hill Hotel, to reap wiieat, the understanding b=twedii them being that lie was to -receive the rurreńt price paid for similar work, f-lt 'tueend ofafortiiiaht he had cut ten acres f»r wiriteh- he claimed Ł7 10s, or las per acre. Mr Giliani, however, offered him 13i au.acre,-saying that was the Average rate paid. Not content wilh this, our' worthy harvest man thought he, would try the efficacy-of-a summons. 1 Mr Gi'ilain paid the L6 10s into court, without -costs a$ ic ha^i been previously tendered; and than put i« -evidence as to the real rate at which.meu were eusaaed. This appeared to be 12i|>eracre, aud thePolice Magistrate at once gave a verdict for L6 10s. minus -Ll-c *sts-to the deft'lrtiarit, at"which t ne plaiutifflookedsomewiiiit blank.'. . ' A biiy- named : Wilson, about 12 years of age was yesterday charged at the Police ŁJoiirt with careless use of fire, ' toe result ot 'whicn was that several fences ami other property were destroyed. As far as the. evidence went, it appeared that the fire "had beeu wantonly lit by. the prisoner, as he termed itfor a lark " but Mr Vardy, who appeared for the defence, obtained an adjournment for the purpose of obtaining evideuce 11 disprove the statement of the two priucipal witnesses Mr jfarliu and his son. . Mr Vardy referred, to'• a. recent assault case in which the former. had some hand iu which his e^-lence was distinctly - contradicted by several disinterested witnesses, tie Mr Vardy alleged that the prosecution was the result of a iieighbors quarrel ' between Martin and the prisoners mother. We leam from our advertising columns that a meeting of the ladies interested in getting up the baziar in aid of the Xuuds of St Paul's Church, will , take; place at the -Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday next at 3 o'clock. We have received frojn JJr _J-G K.night, tbe Secreta'ry'tothe Intercolonial Exhibition JDomtniisioners, a painphlet 'contaming extracts from the reports of the Jurors,, aud other information taken from official sources of the awards made* iuf tvor of the Australian-colouies. Parties intending to exhibit ;wi'l find this book a most useful work of reference, ..while to all. interested in the progress of the colony it cannot fail to be a pleasing record. ,as_it is iull wf interesting information, with reference to coloniaf exliihits. ^ We Jhaveatso to Acknowledge J the rećeinfby the last mail of the December number of Good Words aud the Sunday Magazine both of which contain much excellent reading. .. .. " - uiay enable ^partiesinterestedla mining matters, resident at a distance, .to -form au idea of lhe value of some of bur Lauriston claims^by giving a few particular^ yf. the retdrus of the Wellington Coropaay during the last four months. F.om August to the end of last year "76b tons of quartz were raised, which yielded 635'tz 16iwis 9grs of reiorted gold, , realising £246!) 17s. - Fro'm 'this'divideuds an.Suńtiugto i-800 have been paid —equal io £& per shaw, and sufiicifcńt iu ' han3 to'' pay ńearly".£2'per sjiare wore. Since that a'furtbet-^diPldend of £4per share bas-beemnade, nra^ag^tail'dmaeuds^oT per share on the-lui).shares withiu the 4 months, besides tnakin^ 'a'fcbusiderible outlay in" huildingf horses^whim, genealJplahtrantL sinkiag'a shaft 140 feet. To this may be added •that. the Company have every prospect ofcontinuing-t'i pay simiiar dividends..: ft is incoh-i templation fo erect iuaclunery iu conjunclion with the Nelson Company, 'which kdjuins, aud which has also a very fine reef." . _ An - intere^tihg ceremony - in ithe presehtatio ' of a piece of.plate to Captaiii B-iulton tóók ptace on Wednesday evening last, on tlie'occasibii of -liis leaving tor EnglanjL—IThejpiecejutplate was inthe shape of a silver claret jug, on the lid of 'which was a figure on boreebafck rfepresenting a volunteer, while a Euitable-inscription waspn! %he sides. It • : Waś ' accomtianied -j by a* ii oit tastily-prepared addre^- ®The jjug wasthe£ift solely -of 'the "-member^" Of the jtroo^i J^YSJ" 4 , 'townsmen : . expressed —, a! . deśire . to e «do1cni , i v, j ll^feto, butthe mOTbers-of thetroopliWeVred - ., eport of the presenUtioti, wul be fonnd in'anothercolamn. The quarterly general meeting of the l\orth Wyndhain Cosnoany took plsce last evening at the Ky.iewn'-H..tel, Mr Sands lntbe cljau. The ba!anc«sh«łt arian ted:- T ire" e! actional directors was t'.iea eletied t-Mcssra SaWs, Gres,ry, Hobbs, Bronklebauk. EAsnold. Braithw<tite/ JV Jarrett Parker. iftnd Huliis. m«łe 'Gloster and Weal were then reflected auditors, and after>ome other unimportant business the juurned. . - h 