LITERATURE A ART. Another Colonial Novel.* We invariably take up an Australian novel for review with mingled feelings of hope and fear. Without venturing to consider such productions as panaceas for all the ills to which cur state of society is the heir at present, we nevertheless expect that a few really good novels, written in our midst and depicting the phases of our daily life, or perpetuating thd scenes incidental to our early history, would do very much to benefit Australia generally. To my nothing of the good to be derived among ourselves from seeing our vices castigated and our weak point# held up to ridicule, a few .sterling works of fiction would go a long way towards removing the prejudices of Europeans with respect to our condition, prospects, and foibles. Marryat's sea stories were said to have been more efficaceous than the pressgang in Banning the British navy; and certain it is that Cooper's tales have tended not a little to enlist sympathy for our transatlantic brethren, and even to swell the crowd of emigrants emulous of making the backwoods their home. We have, it is true, had novels written about nj, but they are hardly of the rightkind. In nine cases out of ten the picture is drawn at second end is about as much like the original as secondhand pictures generally are. Dickens has , kindly sent us Mr. Micawber; and Bulwer has contributed Pisistratus Caxton, nay, the latter has even finished up his Strange Story with the description of an Australian bush fire. But then the scenes in these novels, though graphically depicting life in the southern hemisphere, afford no criterion what ever by which the home population can judge ^n^ming the status of the southern mind. The characters, too, are such as Europe fur nishes us with, and need not be supposed to OT«rf. as in any way indigenous to the soil. What we need is a novel wherein the dramatis persona are selected from our population, and drawn by authors living amongst us. A novel thus planned and thus carried out, moreover published in one of the colonial capitals, would be proof positive of our having attained .n intellectual status not generally credited to ffrlnniitl society. In writing this we have a very lively faith that the thing is in the fcighant degree possible, even at the present monmnt - The vast number of such works annually issued by the English press plainly demonstrates that the ability to compose a really readable tale in three volumes is not a monopoly enjoyed by only a few. Giving our population, therefore, credit for only the avenge amount of literary ability, it would .seem strange if Australia, with nearly a million souls within her borders, k not able to produce at least one meritorioos work of this description, and that after waiting many yean for its appearance. We do not say the Australian novel-Lindigo, the White Woman, or the Highland OirPs Cap? Hetty among the Australian Blocks-now be . fore us, is altogether what we could desire an woric of fiction to be, but we never theless welcome this debtdatd withpleasure. The scene of the story is laid partly in England and putty in this continent The characters there in ate numerous, and number, amongst others, two rival lovers, a young Highlander (Charlie Stewart) and a somewhat unscrupulous (Lord Lufton); two other rivals, a Highlandpiper (Donald Munro) anda gorgeous flunkey (Mr. Brows); the heroine of the story (Bella M'Kay); a pert sort of a waiting-woman (Mary Grant) ; and a clever but disreputable frffnmtar (one Melrose). By a series of | ?^/AinaK/Min on the part of the jilted lovers Donald is accused of manslaughter, and being convicted, is sentenced to transportation to Botany Bay; whilst Charlie voluntarily ships lfimedf with ^i cargo of goods to New Zealand, «n {he ooest of which island he.is shipwrecked, to be saved from drowning by Pamul, daughter of * Maori phjjf, As may be supposed, the " J\|yto in iove with him at once, and on " to Bella M'Xay, broken heart, chief, Pamul's la, o?na^der*ble ,M&et; 1mm r; be;bo«wUrv4 newly-arrived vessel, to .tte i r,i30U!<!Att-iita W* r!w." ] " Charlie, help me," iB beard on tbto shore. Stewart is convinced that the ciy is that of the believed-to-be-dead Bella, but the others succeed in persuading him the same is only fancy. A few days later Donald meeta with the faithful staghound, and takes it for the "Bodach GHas," or haunting spirit, familiar to the readers of Waverley. On another occa sion an aboriginal child is taken prisoner, who recognises in a miniature of Bella, Lindigo, the white woman of the aboriginal camp. On this an expedition is organised, and with such ultimate success that the captive is rescued, and returns to her native land, and has the pleasure of witnessing » sucoessful corroboree, held in the vicinity of the TroBsachs. We have said that the book scarcely meets all the requirements of an Australian work of fiction. This remark applies especially to the English or Scotch portion of it. In this part the sen timent and the language are stilted, and many of the incidents grossly unnatural. Ouce in Australia, however, and all goes on smoothly enough. Incidents follow each other in the most rapid and yet the most probable manner. Many of them, too, are in the highest degree sensational, but nevertheless are such as might occur to anyone somewhat similarly circum stanced. We scarcely ever read a book where in the latter part BO agreeably surprised us, after having our spirits considerably damped by what had gone before. Wading through the first thirteen chapters-all referring to Scotch and English life-we thought the whole in the highest degree tedious, and often absurd, but from this point the interest never flags for a moment. Should the work reach a second edition, which we sincerely with it may, it is to be hoped that the author will, in a great measure, recast the whole of the home scenes. If this is only done judiciously, and some few solecisms and blemishes are removed in the latter portion, there is no reason to suppose but that Lindigo, as an elaboration of a fact, or at least a legend, may be read with interest for many years to come. 