CURRENT TOPICS. The annual exhibition of farm produce fruits, flowers, vegetables; &c;, held under the auspices of the Geelong and Western District Agricultural Society, will take place at the show yards to day. Members | who have paid their subscriptions for 18G6 will have the privilege of entering at ! noon, and the public cau enjoy the same I privilege by paying a halfcrown. The display of frnit will be an excellent one, 1 but in the grain department it will not be so good as had been anticipated. On entering the ground yesterday we fonnd that great preparations were being made, and that a handsome marquee had been erected by Mr Sommers. The third of the series of Lent Lectures now being delivered in St. Paul's Church, Ashby, by the Rev Astley Cooper, will be delivered this evening, at half-past seven, [ the rev. gentlemen having chosen the fol lowing as the subject of his lecture :— "Father, forgive them,for they know not I what they do." A deputation from the Clifton Road district waited upon the Shire Council of Bellerine yesterday for the purpose of calling the attention of the council to the fact, that owing to one of the landed pro prietors having fenced in the road down to high water mark, they were unable to gain access to the beach, and were thereby nnable to procure shells for the purposes of manure. This entailed great hardship upon the farmers, many of whose lands were of a strong clayey description, and therefore comparatively useless, unless they could get shells to mix with the soil. The conclusion of the matter was, after a long discussion, postponed until the next meeting of the council. The question is one that would take a clever lawyer to decide, In most parts of {"England the beach between high and low water marks is claimed by the Lord of the Manor, and in many places where there are no manorial rights it is claimed by the Admiralty. In the case at issue, however, we think that every thing depends upon the wording of the original deed which cannot be revoked by any subsequent action taken by the Parlia ment. The usual parade of the Volunteers was held last evening. The rendezvous was not numerous. The object was to perfect those not yet proficient in musketry in struction, preparatory to the ensuing Sunbury Encampment. "What is believed to have been a bush fire ^was observed last evening, blazing with unnsnal brilliancy, between the Barwon Heads and Queenscliff. The re flection was very great, and many were the gnesses made by numbers of people who witnessed it as to where and what it was. The majority agreed that it was simply a bush-fire, others affirmed that it was stubble, and one prophetic individual, of nautical propensities, declared it to be a ship on fire, at the Heads. The majority of the farmers in the Indented Heads district have had no reason to complain of their harvest. Mr Savage, from 57i acres of wheat obtained 1S00 bushels, which would make an ave rage of over 31 bushels to the acre. Mr Savage is a farmer of the right stamp. He does not believe in overcropping his i farm', but lets a certain quantity of his i broad acre3 rest for a year or two, a I system which it would be advisable for every farmer in the colony to follow. Mr Hood had an average of 20 bushels for 22 acres. Mr Clery averaged 23 bushels for 30 acres, and has also succeeded in raising a most excellent crop of maize on 4 acres of 1)13 property, The maize, he states, is fully eight feet in height. Mr Burke has been cultivating potatoes this year, and has averaged five tons to the acre, and his maize crop will, he says, return full 40 | bushels to the acre. The mining manager of the Golden Horn Company brought to town yesterday a rough sample of gold, washed out of a I tindish of wash dirt taken from the reef. It is now to be seen at the office of the company, and weighs 40 grains. The directors believe no more calls will be re quired, as next week eighteen men will be at work below. Two infants wandered, yesterday, from Albert-street as far eastward as the Lime Kilns, where they were found crying, by a carter, who handed them over to Con stable Dig by, who found them to be the children of Mr and Mrs Carver. The children were respectively of the ages of two years and a half and five. The chil dren, who have come in lately from the country, could give no account of them selves. ■ The inhabitants of Batesford will be glad to learn that Mr H. A. Smith, Postmaster, has been appointed by the Corio Shire Council, to register dogs in that district. The Argus of yesterday publishes the prophecies of a colonial "Saxby" with regard to the weather which may be ex pected during the present month, viz. :— 7th—Strong gale. 8th, 11th, 13th, 14th— Strong breezes. 15th—Strong gale. 17th, 19th, 20tb, 21st, 22ud, 23rd, 20tb, 30tb, 31st—Strong breezes. Whether the pro phet is correct with regard to what is to come, we can safely assert that he is right with regard to a strong gale yesterday, at least so far as Geelong is concerned, for a gale arose last evening at about six o'clock, and the streets were from then up to a late hour filled with dust, a few drops of ,rain falling now and again. It was, in wlonial pailsmee, » regular brigkfielder, The secretary of the Hospital has re ceived £\ 2s 6d from men employed at the C'orio Mills, of Messrs Williams and Chambers, as follows—Mr Smith 7s 6d, Messrs Coy, Singleton and Del'roys, each, 5s. A fact was brought under our notice a few days since (says the Ararat Advertiser) in reference to wattle trees which merits recording. We were shown at various places in the district a number of these trees, both Cape and native wattle, which have been attacked by a singular species of blight, which appears like the growth of a rough cone, and of a firm yet riu3ty formation; these come in hundreds on the younger sho Where this disease has appeared in trees preserved for ornamental purposes, it has been de termined in some instances to cut them down, the blight or disease being one from which it is not thought they will recover. Singularly enough, in the same portion of the district where tbi3 blight has appeared, large numbers of the Euca lypti are dying out. An extraordinary accident, the result of crinoline, is reported by the Federal Standard: - " A girl, servant at the Golden Age Hotel, Chiltern, while turning round suddenly knocked down with her crino line, a child of about three years of age, son of the proprietor. The fall, and the force of the blow caused concussion of the spine, and the boy will most likely be a cripple for life." The Ararat Advertiser reports that considerable excitement was manifested at Pleasant Creek on Monday la3t, in con sequence of a rumour being circulated to the effect that one or two hundred men were wanted to act as agents for certificate holders at the anproachiug land selectiens at Horsham. We are informed that the holder of the certificates has no direct squatting interest in this neighborhood, therefore it is probable that it is intended to take up the land entirely for specu lative purposes. The precocity for swindling of some of the youths of the Talbot district has re cently been manifested at the expense of a respectable Anglicised Chinaman re siding in that town. The Leader says One day last week a boy called upon the Cliiuaman and said that he had been re quested by a young lady, of whom Jobn, it appears, was enamored, to ask him for the loan of L2, to purchase a new dress. Believing the boy's circumstantial story, John gave him the L2, but shortly after wards ascertained that be had been duped, the .fair one in question not having sent any such message. Making some inquiries amongst the boys of the town, one of them saidthatif John would give him a whip be would bring the offender to him. John complied with this request,only to findllim self again duped. One would have thought that this lesson would have been sufficient for John, but it seems he was sufficiently gullible to part with a secoud whip to another boy, who promised to bring both boys to him in return for the gift, but who did nothing of the kind. While we cannot help wondering that Johu was so easily deceived, we would still recommend the police to look these young rascals up, for, obtaining money under false pretences, no matter the nature of the circumstances, should be punished, whether the victim be European or Celestial. The Ararat Advertiser says:—"It is rather a singular fact in connection with the late drought, that although in some parts of the district the fruit has never been more plentiful or of better quality, yet in other gardens, not many miles dis tant, peaches and other descriptions of fruit have failed to ripen. Thus, at Evers ley and Woodlands, and in almost all the gardens to the west of the dividing range, the fruit crop has not been equalled for aduudance and excellence for many years past, while south-westerly from the dividing range towards Strcatham, grapes are smaller and more backward than they have been for many seasons, while peaches and fruit of this descriptions have fallen from the trees hard, unripe, and unfit for use. In some gardens hitherto famed for their bearing, the trees are already quite bare and the grapes small and bad." The Creswick Advertiser reports that at the police court on Tuesday, beside the ordinary busines of the court, no less thau tweuty-four persons were in attendance having been summoned for sly grogseliing, of whom eighteen were fined five pounds each and costs. By the evidence one curious and exciting incident (at least to the detective) occurred at Rocky Lead: He had been very successful in his mis sion, and his victims coming to hear of the peculiar nature of his visit, waited on him as a deputation and asked him to receive the sixpences back; one of them even went so far as to offer him ten pounds to do so. This he refused and walked away towards the Telegraph Hotel, they still following him. On his 3 way he fell into a waterhole in which he ^ remained until bis pursuers had passed. . J The evidence of Brady disclosed a fertility 1 of shifts and dodges in the detective line that will certainly be a lesson to those who illegally deal in the spirit trade. Under the heading "An impendi duel" the Bendigo Independent has t following:—This mode of settling diff ences, though rather out of date for t present day, would still seem to be view as au instrument of terror by some, wl if tbey were taken at their word, wot be thrown into a cold sweat. In tl class we suppose we may include a re dent in Robinson Crusoe Gully, a we known Frenchman of exciteable tern) rament and big words, who having tak offence at some remarks regarding 1 former connection with a mining compa made by a member of our reporting st: called at our office on Monday afterno to fight our reporter, taking care howe\ to do so in his absence, of which be w aware by having just before that met ai abused him in the street. Failing in tl display of valour he yesterday favour our reporter with an epistle, a ridiculo mixture of vulgar abuse and braggartisi The frightened reporter is told " If y have for sixpence of heart, what i doul you will answer me, i am your man reai for anything. Say the word and you w find mo ready, and at eycry day hour: As the chnlle.iger leaves the chalieug not only the naming of the weapons, b the place and time of meeting, o reporter, in the hope of raising the Frenc man's valuation from sixpence, accep the challenge, and fixes the time of met ing for the morning after his challeng shows himself possessed of the smalle modicum of common sense or good brcei ing. Waiting this he expects to slet long in a whole skia An old man named Fitz died a few da; ago in the Castlemaiue Hospital. It w supposed (says the Daily Kews), nearly i to the time of his death, that he w destitute, but before his decease he b queathed four houses on Emerald Hill' the hospital, in consideration of the kit treatment he had met with. He is a ve old colonist, having been out fro England for the past 40 years. He can from Tasmania in the early times, and is not thought unlikely that a "planI will be found somewhere belonging to hit He did not leave, however, as has bee erroneously stated, L300 in cash. It anticipated that if tile property is ; valuable as is supposed at present, tl bequest will amount in value to Ll,50 It has been stated in a reliable quarte that there is ground for supposing th; Fitz came to this hemisphere passag free, on account of a propensity he ha for imitating the King's image. This ma or may not he the fact, but it is ver certain that deceased was a very ol colonist and of reserved and iniserl habits. This present, it appears, is tb first instance of the kind of property bein so bequeathed to this most deserviu institution. Gunler, the pastrycook, was mounted o runaway horse, when out with the kin hounds, and excused himself for riding agai Lord Alvanley by saying, "Oil, my lord, t ca hold him, he's so hot!" " Ice him, (Sunt ict htm!" was the consoling reioiadw, 