PORT LINCOLN. [From our own Correspondent.] Port Lincoln, February 10. Two natives were brought in on Saturday, the 3rd. on a charge of setting fire to the grass, and thereby causing the bush to take fire. The poor wretches appeared quite ignorant of having done anything wrong, and were dismissed with a caution to-be more careful. Bush-fires have pre- vailed here for the past fortnight, scarcely a day passing but large volumes of smoke have been seen rising. The brush fencing recently put up by Mr. M. E. Smith caught fire. It was supposed to be the act of an incendiary. An inquest was held at Owen's Pier Hotel, but there being no evidence to prove such to be the case, the Jury returned a verdict "That the fire originated from causes unknown." Our new Ranger is putting a good many to their wit's end what to do with their stock, many not having secured themselves by taking out sufficient depasturing licences. There were no less than 21 convictions upon informations laid by him at the Full Court last month. He has a duty to perform; still the people feel it hard that he comes down without giving them time to protect themselves by taking out a depasturing licence. No doubt they should have done it before, but having been so many years without any restraint the presence of our very active Ranger, Mr. Cole, gives them a blow they not only did not expect, but cannot avoid until the licensing-day comes round. The weather has been changeable during the past week—very hot and sultry, the thermometer standing at 85° in the shade. We have had a few refreshing showers during the last few days, but I fear it will do the pasture more harm than good, although most acceptable in other ways. The Royal Shepherd visited us this time in the place of the Lubra, but we hope to see the fair lady herself next trip to resume her usual course, as Captain McCoy is a general favourite. The schooner Cynthia continues to make her usual trips as regular as the winds will permit, although hitherto she has been rather unfortunate in that respect. 