IMPRESSIONS OF VICTORIA. THE following letter, which is one of a series published by the Melbourne Argus, will be interesting to many of our readers who have visited Victoria:— Among the beat excursions within reason able reach of Melbourne is that to the Fern-tree Gully, in the Dandenong Ranges. A three hoars' drive, if your cattle be good and jour driver expert in dodging among the trees for the last few miles of the journey and after you get off made roads, will take you to an inn, " not rich or splendid, bat still in comfortable case," that has recently been erected for the accommodation of tourist*. It is possible to go on for another mile or so upon wheels; but the road is rough. Most people I fancy, will be best pleased with their policy afterwards if they begin their pedestrianism from the inn, the establishment of which will certainly prove very convenient, as previously the whole ex* pedition had to be accomplished in one day, which made rather too much of it, except for Tery robustious persons; or else the pre parations had to be somewhat elaborate, as town folks on a pleasure-trip don't generally care about lying down under a gumtree for the night, with no more comforts about them than the all-sufficing pot of tea and 'possum-rag which satisfy for an old bushman, and make camping-out such a very simple affair for him. The Time*, in writing about the first great exhibition, said that visitors came to see it from India and Australia, and all parts of the world; and that almost the only people who omitted to see it, were those who lived within a mile of Hyde-park gate. Probably the common human propensity here indicated to put off doing what can be easily done accounts tor the fact that I never saw the Fern-tree Gully till hut week, when I made one of a party ot eight to visit it. Unfortunately, I was almost an absolute stranger to them all, and the friends of mine who were to hare gone with us, did not turn up, although waited for for an hour; so the customary bles sings were invoked upon them, and we started somewhat late in the afternoon, but in time to reach the Fern-tree Gully Hotel an hour or so before dark. The house is prettily situated, and quite new, although having the advantage of an old garden of most luxuriant growth, and adorned, among other things, with a number of weeping willows of astonishing dimensions for their age, if this was rightly stated to us as being only seven years. The highest of them was certainly forty feet high, with close foliage and a stem as thick as a stout man's body. Before the inn was built the place was occupied by the owner of a saw mill, which is now, however, lying idle, and falling into decay, However, the mill-race, fed by the Fern-tree Gully Creek, is still extant, and affords the means for a rough-and-ready shower bath, to be obtained by scrambling down under the old water-wheel, where you may get very efficiently cascaded upon. At present it is somewhat slippery and dirty work to get there, but the arrangements are about to be improved. Perhaps, some of these days, if a plausible medical man happened to be going cheap, it might be worth while to have medicinal proper ties discovered in the water, which for the pre sent, however, only sets up for being cold and abundant. The evening of our arrival was passed away with cards, and, perhaps, before 2 o'clock, at which early hour the teince broke up, some of us had a smoke and a glass of something to drink. The entertainments of the evening were also much contributed to by the versatile accomplishment* of a gentleman whom I took to be the one and only real and genuine Christy Minstrel discovered at last, but it turned out that he was one of those miscreants now gene rally denounced as soft-goods men. How he could display tuch levity with such a load upon his conscience I can't understand. I supposed his high spirits must have been, as he assured us was the case with some of his remarkable accomplishments, "a gift," and hereditary in the family. The next morning we were up in tolerably good time, almost everyone having a turn under the water-wheel; but I, unfortunately, not be ing aware of that trick, had to content myself with such washing as can be managed ia a basin—an unsatisfactory make-shift to modern Englishmen, who, it has been said, now pass half their time in washing the whole of their bodies. After breakfast we started for the golly, leav ing our coats behind, and arming ourselves with stout sticks and a few sodawater bottles full of the wherewithal to adulterate the pure cold water of the creek—in accordance with the bent of our fallen natures. At the mouth of the gully, and at what may be called the " bead of the navigation " for wheeled vehicles, we came upon a grave, where an old lady who had long been resident in the neighborhood had been buried, according to a desire she had ex pressed before her death, and also to the traces of an old hut, in which Mr. Alfred Howitfc, who has since distinguished himself as an ex plorer, passed a considerable time, in company with some friends of kindred tastes, shooting and stuffing birds, and so on, in years gone by. Among these naturalists I believe was Mr. Henry Kingsley, who acquired in the Fern-tree Golly and its neighborhood some of that Australian experience which sinco his return to England he has turned to account in several pleasant books. Soon after passing the grave, the real climb ing begins. It is not at all severe, or beyond the powers of moderately stalwart ladies, even encumbered in their crinolines—which, how ever, they would do much better to leave behind at the inn. Still, the ascent of the gully is more arduous than I expected. The actual perpen dicular height to be accomplished from the inn to One-tree Hill—the Mecca of the Fern-tree gully pilgrimage—is, I understand, about 1300 feet, but I should not have guessed it to be so much. The direct distance cannot, I think, be much more than two mile*, although I thought it much more while we were scrambling and loitering up the gully. The charm of the Fern-tree Gully lies chiefly in the tropical appearance given to it by the great fern-trees with which it abounds. They reach such a size that three men could not man some of their trunks with hand* joined. This would give a circumference of fifteen to eighteen foet, and they are high in proportion, with great palm-like heads of branching fronds, often each of them ten or twelve feet long. The stems are often extensirely corered with mosses or parasitic ferns; and with the still air of the guHy, the constant moisture imparted by the creek, and the hot sun over head, the place becomes a kind of natural forcing-house. Any one who has nerer been in a tropical country may be recommended to visit the Fern-tree Gully, in order to hare the feeling of being sur rounded by tropical vegetation more completely, I suppose, than he could hare it in any other place within twenty mile* of Melbourne. If he is prepared to go farther afield, however, and to explore the gullies about Mount Macedon, he will, if my recollection serve me right be still better rewarded; and I under-, stand there is another fern-tree gully, seventy miles or so on in Gipps Land, in comparison with which the fern-tree gully re* cognised in Melbourne aa tie Fern-tree Gully par exectteaee has to take an insignificant place. However, it is very well worth visiting, and I would not imitate the tourists who tarn up their noses at Dublin Bay because it if not so fine as the Bay of Naples. As to one matter, however, I feel that I have just cause of complaint against the Fern-tree Gully—it didn't show us a lyre-bird. It doesn't matter who paints or draws the Fern tree Gully, you always have one or mom lyre* birds conspicuous in the foreground. Even Mr. Gnerard supplies the market with them in any number, and at least of the size of turkey buzzards ; but whether it is that the painters have painted them out of existence, or that they never had any, they were not to be seen or heard the other day; nor did dwellers in the locality seem to expect to see or hear them. However, we were told that in other gullies, a few miles off, they might still be met with. While we were sitting at the head of the watercourse we heard, lower down the gully, some cooeying, which being duly responded to, there presently joined us two ladies and a gentleman, who accompanied us the rest of the way to the top of One-tree Hill, where a wide space has been cleared of timber in the course of the trigonometrical survey, leaving the " one tree" standing bare and withered, for pur pases of trisngulation. The view hence is very extensive, but unfortunately the day was some what hazy, so that we were at tome disadvan tage. However, the back ranges, covered with great trees, the distant expanse of the sea, and the hundreds of miles of flat country lying before us, in the full blaze of an Australian February sun, with the blue smoke of bush fires rising up here and there, made up a pano | rama worth the journey to see. [ However, albeit fancy may be " with gazing fed," we gradually discovered that certain other imperious appetites which gazing can not feed were beginning to assert themselves over the charms of nature. Encomiums upon the scenery began to give way to speculations as to how long it would take to get back. Some one mentioned having seen a goose killed at the inn the previous evening, and it was evident that a tender interest in the deceased pervaded us all, and no dissentient voice was raised to the suggestion that it was time to return and pay him his last honors. The descent was a much more speedy affair than the ascent. Horrible testimony to our rela tionship to the gorilla is afforded by the fact that, while that old rascal never looks at distant I prospects at all—never experiences Some vacua «motkm of delight In gating up aa Alpine height, Borne yearning toward* the traps of night, but is perpetually occupying himself about his own capacious interior, a very few hours' fast will suffice to bring the best of us down from the higher to the lower interests, and a good deal before three o'clock the attraction of the goose at the bottom of the hill had quite overpowered that of the prospect at the top of it. Down we came, then, with no further accident than a light tumble or two— the soft-goods miscreant notably getting depo sited in a sitting posture among some very wet and black earth; but to this minute lam in doubt as to whether that fall was accidental, or due to a far- sighted perception that its conse quences to his costume—remember we had no coats—would much add to the effect of those snatches of dance and song with which this inexhaustible man enlivened as on our way down. We reached the inn after an absence of five hours and a half} and most of us, myself in cluded this time, went in under the water-wheel before dinner, when we buried the goose with every "»*ni*ftt«t»n of earnestness, and, as I noticed, almost in solemn silence. In the course of the evening, a discussion arose as to the distance from One-tree HOI to the inn; and our host and another gentleman finally made up a bet that they would on the following morning come down from hill to hos telry in half an hour. A kindly new-chum agreed to go up as starter, and a second volun teer and a guide, long resident in the neighbor* hood, and supposed to know all the ins and outs and short outs possible, completed the wager party. There was a great comparison of watches next morning before the start, all setting their watches to one time. Those who remained behind had finished a leisure break* fast, and were beginning to think that in about half an hour's time it might be worth while to look out for the absentees, when a shout was heard, and in another minute down came the two wager men and the guide, running along the garden-walk at eight knots an hour, and the others were not far behind. We could hardly believe that the thing had been done in the time, but after a searching investigation, the evidence proved too good to be questioned, even by those who lost money. The worthy new-chum had started the racers, with their backs against the one tree, at thirty-five minutes past eight, with a one, two, three, and away, and they were in the garden at fifty-eight and a half minutes past eight, having come the whole distance at a smart run, preceded by the guide—not along the gully, but down the face of the hills. When the weary ones were revived, the hones were put to, and after joining in a stirrup-cup, composed (as it seemed to me in defiance of first principles) of sparkling moselle and bottled porter, mixed together in a jug, we were soon upon the road again, and were in due time all safely restored to the bosoms of-our families and the botherations of our businesses. # 