GEELONG. (mou ouii OWN connESPONnENT.) MONUAT, JAN. 15. There has been somo little difficulty in handicapping the horse Blaok Hawk Belle for tho Trotting Race, in consequence of nothing being known of previous performance, but thehandicup has been published this evening. The stewards are using every offort, and are epating no expense,« to get the course in per- fect order ; and there can be no doubt that this part of their duty will be as thoroughly performed as everything hitherto that has received their conbidoration. From the first up to the present timo the stewards have pioved themselves equal to the occasion, and tho results are the splendid entrios for the noxt meeting. Stublo room of the requisito character has already become quite scarce, from tho number of horses already aontdowa. A case of cattle stealing was preferred against a farmer named P. O'Loughlin, by his brother in-law, this morning. The evi- dence was of the most unreliable nature, and left little doubt that the whole matter was the result of ill feelings from family quarrels, for the evidence quite ignored the idea of the accused having the least intention to commit felony. After hearing evidence at some length, the Bench discharged the accused. Francis Bourke, a man who has frequently of late been before the Bench, was charged with the commission of a burglary at the store of Mr. M'Connachie, Moodewarra. The evidence was most conclusive, prisoner having sold the goods identified by Mr, M'Con— nachie in Geelong to several witnesses who identified him. He was sent for trial. W. Batley, a farmer at Moodewarra, was charged with dog-stealing. There being some little doubt as to his intentions, the Bench fined him Is., together with 20s. costs. Bush-fires have been very destructive of late in this neighborhood. On Saturday last a fire was raging upon the farm of Mr. Harriborn Smith, on the road to Queenscliff, by which some 500 tons of firewood were destroyed, together with the whole of the log— fences round his holding. Another fire of au extensive character has also devastated the plains between this and Griffin's-hill, and the damage is reported as serious. A rumour is prevalent this evening that Mr. Groy, the miller, late with Wilson. Buchanan, and Co, is likely to be prevailed upon to contest West Geelong. Tlie race programme, as published, is wiong as respects Abclurd, who was entered as bavibg accepted, wbtrettS euch is not tho fact. After contidcrable exertion, the stewards wero got together this evening, for the pur- pose of handicupping the horses for the Handicap Hurdle Raco and the Trotting Unce. The following is the handicap for each of these races, viss. : UANDIOAl' UUllDLE BAOE. St. lb. st. lb. Prince .. .. 11 4 Excelsior .. .. 0 12 Moolart .. .. 11 0 Allco .. ..0 8 Farnham .. .. 10 0 Game Cock ,. 0 8 Abolard .. .. 10 7 Laura .. 0 I Napoleon .. .. 10 0 Polly Peacham .. Ob BculcloBoy .. 10 0 Tally-ho .. ..0 0 TIIOTIIN« BACK. Sir W. Don, at -cratch. Jcuuny, 160 yards sturt. Black Hawk Hello, 200 yards start. I'ritty Boy, 200 yards start. Tom Moore, 250 yards start. Miss Aniiiu, á00 yards start. TUE rectory of Welwyn, Hertfordshire (famous as tho beni (leo held by Dr. Young, of tho -flight Thoughti), is placed at tho dis- posal of All SOUIB College, Oxford, by the death of the Rev. Sir Brooke William Rob-rt Boothl', aged fifty-si-:. It is worth £700, with a population of 1,000. 