CONTEMPORARY OPINION. . THE RESERVES. Tire BSSBTXYKS III nil ORANGE AND MOLONG DIS- TRICTS.-From tho earliest days of tho colony till tho present timo, the agricultural his always been a strug- gling interest, and this has arisen, not wholly from climatic and topographical canses, but also a good deal from the overshadowing influence of the pastoral interest. Until tho passing of tho Robertson Land Dills, tho small capitalist stood no chance in tho land market against the largo; and, therefore, we hailed that measure as a Btcpin tho right direction. . But what do wo find Mr.Cowper doing now. "Why vir- tually " picking tho eyes out of the country, ' ana thus shutting it up from permanent ecttlomont. If the two batches of reserves just mado had boen confined to the Surely pastoral country, wo, at all events, should not ave objected ; but we do most strongly object to tho reserves made in and around Orango and Molong. It is well known that tho country on tho western and south-western slopes of the Conoblas is eminently suited for agriculture-is in foot equal to any land in tho Orango District. In tho neighbourhood of Molong thero is also an abundance of fino land, suitablo for agriculture. Numbers of small capitalists had mado up their minds to select for thcmaolves permanent homes on those lands. Nulcci of population would havo boon scattered over them, and, in a fow years, tho wilderness would havo become the homes of numerous families. Mr. Cowper, by his indiscriminate reserva- tions of tho agricultural lands, has given a chock to tho permanent settlement of tho Orango and Molong districts. If ho bo a wiso man, ha will confino his reserves to the purely pastoral country, and not many will find fault with him ; but if ho is determined to shut tho agricultural lands up from permanent settle- ment, then ho proves that he is in tho caso of tho Bourbon Family, of whom, af tor returning from exile, it was said, " Thoy learn nothing, and thoy forget nothing." If ho must needs abuso tho confidonco re- posed in him, and twist tho law to suit tho purposes of party, then it is clear he has digged a pit for himself. Mr. Cowper is a elevar man, but ho is ruefully short- sighted if he thinks to play tho trimmer in tthis wiso, and escapo receiving a trimmer's wages. Let him but carry out this indiscriminate reservation of agricultural and pastoral lands, and ho had as good, like a cer- tain trimming Cardinal, tako " a long, a last farewoll" of all his greatness. Lot squatters and squatting re ceivo every possible encouragement compatible with tho publio interest; but whone vcr and wherever wo can place a permanent settler on tho soil in tho room of a tonant, lot tho permanent sottlor tako precedence. Wo do not object to necessary reserves, but to a flagrant abuso of tho power of reservation wo do. What will " both Houses of Parliament" do in this conjuncture ? It would, to our thinking, be far botter to sell outright to tho squatters (in tho purely pastoral districts) their runs, and thus get rid of a standing causo of discontent and annoyance,-Western Examiner. Wo havo scarcely escaped a fianancial crisis, oro we aro precipitated upon a " Lands " crisis. Looking to tho future of this colony, all tho important questions which have ever occupied tho attention, or exercised tho talents, of our greatest public men, cannot bear com- parison with thc subject of tho thirteen hundred re- serves, comprising from nino to ten millions of broad acres, now proposed to bo taken away, perhaps for over, from tho pcoplo of this advancing country, and given to station holdors for not even tho shadow of a coin. Tho problem to bo solved - Bomo will say tho theorem to bo demonstrated, whon Parliament mcots, will bo-" What is a pub'ic pur poio?" Lot honorablo members stick to this, and tho attempted swindle will be exposed. Let them not bo blinded by official dust, nor cajoled by what will bo urged as tho letter of tho law. The wholo question rests upon ono point-wo must repeat it-" What is a publio purpose ?" Once fairly decide this point, and no free solootor in tho country will havo cause to grumble. It would be dishonest to sorvo out these lands either to freo selector or to squatter at tho expense of tho public. Let nobody be robbed, and nobody will bo dissatisfied ; but let tho Legislature wink at tho awful list of " Reserves," and legislators will bo worse than highway robbers, for they will stand convicted of removing their neighbours' landmarks on a territorial scale.-Bathurst Free Press. Tho courso taken by tho Government just previous to thc expiration of a great number of squattago leases, justified though it was by tho author of tho bills, naturally gavo riso to suspicion that tho reserves wore mado for political purposes, and Mr. Robertson does not removo tho slightest weight of that suspicion. Tho honorablo member, whilst he defends tho power of tho Exccutivo to make reserves by wholesalo, does not deny that through tho incom- pleto machinory by which theso reserves are made, tho country may suffor from an unjust value hoing attached to thc lands. If tho Government has no power of checking abuso by tho squattors water provision under tho Act, then the Act requires amondmcnt ; but wo may reasonably bo allowed to suspect that thora was too much com- pliance with tho demands of what Mr. Robortson calls tho " rush of 1805,'' and that that complianco had its origin in tho support that Mr. Cowper recoived from tho squatting mombers in his hour of need. When Mr, Robertson spoko of tho reserves not having been mado in favour of tho squatter or any ono else, " but that they were for tho beneficial uso of the country, for tho public generally" ho must havo forgotten what had been tho practical effoct of reserves made in former times ; it must havo slipped his memory what had been tho conséquent» of tho original reserves from lcnso on tho Murray River. Tho reserves from condi- tional purchase, especially tho vast arcas that aro nominally maintained sole posBCBsion of by the Crown, become to all intonts and purposes tho pasturo lands of tho squatters, for which thoy pay nothing in tho way of rontal. Thcro aro no bailiffs appointed to protervo intaot tho Crown rights - thc exclusivo right to grasB cn these lands-and thcro is no protection to tho nublio property so vested except against tho intrusion of somo poor " free selector," who would always find a detective officer for tho Crown rights in tho bush magnate. Mr. Cowper must retraco this stop, for a moro grossly falso ono it would have been impossible for him to have made, Tho very fact of tho reservation of cattle camps at onco shows what inQu<n:o has been nt work, and how successful it has been on tho remnant of Government. There is no desire, oven amongst tho most rabid democrats, to doprivo tho squatters of reasonable and sufficient access to water ; it would bo suicidal to tho best in- terests of tho country to deprivo thom of that, for wo should at onco destroy enterprise, capital, and a vast Held for labour, but tho pcoplo mest not submit to bo doprived of the arcas for their labour and entcrpriso which tho law designed to give them, but which is sought to bo wrostod from them by a Government too weak to resist tho voico of the charmor. Wo hnvo ovor given Mr. Cowpor tho highest credit as an administra- tivo man ; wo did so repeatedly whon ho was only Colonial Secretary-how much moro deserving must, ho bo of commendation whon ho so long holds tho seals of office, not in that capacity only, but as Colonial Treasurer and Minister for Lands, -Tass Courier. Wo rcgrot to find that Mr. Cowper, Premier, Attor noy.Goneral, Minister for Lands, Icc, ¿cc, has been disappointing thoso who bol io ved in him, by endea- vouring in a fow short hours, to deprive tkoso of tho working classes who were desirous ot availing thom solves of tho benefits of freo soleotion, of tho opportunity of founding a homo for thomsolvcs and thoir families in Now South Wales. By proclamations from this autocrat, published in tho Government Gazotto, nearly all the land available for agricultural settlement on tho Murrumbidgee, tho Murray, and thc neighbouring districts, has boon with- drawn from the operations of tho Land Act, and is virtually locked up from those who desire to settle and mako homos for thomselvos.-Honora Mercury. Tho ono thousand "reservations from conditional purchase 'gazotted by Mr. Cowper in tho last week of Dacombor lins effectually strangled "Freo Soleotion" in many parts of tho colony. Tho offoot of this act of tho Government on tho futuro prosperity of tho country may not bo clearly porcoived by many, who havo pin- ned their faith to tho toil of so great a public benefactor as Mr. Cowpor ; but wo doubt not that, ero mony weeks aro passed, when thoso who have bean anxiously waiting for Now Tear's Day, 1800, which would throw opon for free soleotion a largo nrca of country suitablo for agricultural sottlcment, will find thomsolves dis- appointed, tho monstrous injuBtico done thom will bo thoroughly understood. It is dislioartoning to thoso* who have fought for tho principles contained in tho Land Aot, and aftor years of agitation and ropcnlod appeals to tho country woro triumphant, to find tho Act trampled undor foot, its provisions strained, and tho spirit and intention of its most important clauses perverted, for tho purpose of bribery and corruption, and by a man, thc infamy of whoso »ot 'will hand down his name to posterity ear rounded with a halo af notoriety, that will canse it, ii ita very repulsiveness, to stand ont clear and dlstinc from all minor adventurers of his class. Millions of acres of the publio domain havo been vir tnally handed ovor in perpetuity to the pastoral tenants They aro reserved from salo, but not from leaso. Thc squatter may hold them, but not tho agriculturist Free selection must be nullified, and monopoly fostered and encouraged ; the peoplo's representatives bribed, debauched, degraded ; and all that Mr. Cowper may romain in office. Common decency has boen outraged, and corruption openly and brazenly acknowledged. Nc ono, with any degree of truth, con daro assert that thu vilo and infamous compact bad not been arrangée' beforo tho division on Mr. Parkes' amendment on Mr, Samuel's tariff took place ; as tho squat- ting -members gave Mr. Cowper thc majority ; and theso reservations aro theil reward. Wo do not know which is tho most disgust- ing-the Minister who descends to such disreputable means to retain power, or tho recipients of such bribes. Tho flimsy excuse cannot bo offorod by Mr. Cowper for this act, that he hos been over-rulod by his colleagues ; for, in point of fact, ho has none. Tho Government exists but in name. There is no Minister for Lands no Treasurer-no Law Officers. Mr. Cowper is tho Government ; and ho alone is responsible for thia act It is undor tho '1th clause of tho Crown Lands Aliena- tion Act that ho has perpetrated this the crowning act of his npostacy, deceitfulness, and treachery. This clauso gives tho Governor, with tho advico of tho Exocutivo Council, tho power to reserve lands from salo for " water supply, or other public purpose ;" and this is tho power that hos been prostituted to tho most degraded political uso. We would ask-how long this man is to bo allowed to remain in office, to wasto our resources, demoralisoour legislators, and, by his utter abnegation of all truth, principio, and honour, destroy tho moral tone of the community, degrade OUÏ Legislature, and bring respon- sible Government into contempt? If tho Assembly has not lost all self- respect, it will, without delay, honestly and fearlessly do its duty, and call to account thoso who aro responsible for this last and greatest act of corruption by tho Government Tho benefits of " free selection" in its present shnpo may bo doubtful, but tho pormanent settlement of tho nooplo on the publio lands must not bo made a secondary considera- tion to any ministry having a Parliamentary majority. -Gundagai Herald. Tho squatters* organs aro exceedingly jubilant, as might have boon expected, on tho recent wholesale re- servo swindle, although they do not hesitato to express themsolves in tho strongest manner regarding "tho dirty dodges of a Minister who makes evorvthing sub- servient to his lust for power and place." Tho Border Post, one of tho most extremo of tho pro-squatting papers, savs": *' Positively the squatter appears to bo endowed with thc vitality of tho cat - he has nine lives. Nothing scorns to kill him off, no human agency is poworful enough to exterminate him. It signifies little whether ho has to contend with tho scab, tho pleuro, the drought, bush-fires, freo selection, hostile natives, or any other discouragement ; tho squatter persistently carries on the battlo of life, and nover knows whon he is beaten. Ho has had many a narrow squeak for it, but somehow it always happons that just at the very nick of timo when his discomfiture seems complota tho tables aro suddenly turned, and thc quadrupedal interest triumphs. Who would havo thought for instance, that when we wcru within a week of tho 1st of January, 1800-that period antici- pated by tho squattor with so much dread, but anxiously looked for by tho "poorman" through tho vista of long years of expectation-who wo say would havo thought that justas tho social revolution was about to commence, means would bo devised for driving a coach and six through Robertson's celebrated Land Act? Small blaine to tho squatters, say wc, if in tho instinct of self-preservation they toko a legitimate advantage of tho versatility of a "popular Ministor ' who undertakes tho rolo of Bottom the weaver ; combining the fortitur in ro of tho ¡ roaring lion, with tho suavitor in modo of tho sucking ; dove. To please tho gods in thc gallery, the ass in the lion's skin is obliged to growl, and menace tho squatters ; but ho takes caro to throw a stage-whisper across to tho dress-circle, intimating that ho won't hurt a hair of their heads. And so it has como to pass that tho clause in tho Land Act permitting tho Govornor in Council to reserve certain lands for Bala for tho presar ¡ vation of water supply or other public purposes, has been mado thc vchiclo for resorving a sufficient slice of every run, to rondcr tho remainder unavailable to tho freo selector. . . . Somo runs havo six or eight reserves proclaimed upon thom ; so that aftor all, tho *' eyes of tho country " aro not going to bo picked out just yeti by free selectors at any rate. , . . Tho total number of theso reserves is now said to exceed ono thousand for tho whole colony, comprising of courso, tho very pick of tho various runs. Tho offect of this withdrawal of land from sale, is to confino tho freo selector to tho choice of second class and inferior lands ; and so to bewilder him with boundaries oxisting only on paper, that ho will bo quito unablo to idontify any parti- cular spot as being open to bim. . Wol), well, well ! Hero's a pretty kottlo of fish. Mr. Cowper can nover look a poor man in tho face again ; and as for tho squatters, they aro going to havo a "happy now year" of it aftor all. Seriously, although few can help expressing pity and contempt for tho dirty dodges of a Ministor who makes every thing subservient to his lust for power and place, wo think that, under thc circumstances, tho withdrawal of theso reserves for tho present, is the best thing that could havo happened for tho interests cf tho country at largo. 