THURSDAY MORNING, AUG. 30, 1860. 1st, October, 1865, the commissioners appointed to enquire into applications for laud under the 42nd section of the "Amending Land Act 1865, felt them selves compelled to travel a little out of the beaten track before them, and to" send up a report on the destruction of forests in the neighbourhood of the gold fields. Messrs Ligak, Hopgkinson, and Brough Smyth, while examining the applications which poured into the office of the Department of Crown Lands, felt themselves called upon to submit some recommendations to the Government, witli regard to the necessity of reserving large blocks of the natural forests in the neighborhood of the gold-fields, as timber reserves for the use of the mining popu lations ; and, in explanation of the reason of their making this special report, they said:— We believe that much of the prosperity now so evident on the gold fields of Victoria is duo to the circumstance that daiinholders and lessees of Crown lands have the oppor-' tunity of procuring timber from the in digenous forests at small cost. They require wood, both for underground opera tions and for engines; and it has been , ascertained that any .considerable increase in the price of timber would cause works to bo abandoned as unprofitable, which now yield to the miner considerable sums over and above the cost of worldng. A great number of persons employ themselves in cutting timber for the mines. They fell the best, and destroy more than they use, consequently there is unnecessary waste. Persons resident on the gold fields destroy also ; an immense number of fine trees, by taking sheets of bark from them for roofing their huts. Instead of at once felling a tree, and removing from it several sheets of bark of the required size, they generally take one sheet of bark only from each tree, which is left standing with a portion of its trunk entirely denuded of bark; and it soon perishes, and ultimately becomes a prey to bush fires. They recommended that special re serves should bo at once proclaimed, to quote the report once more Wo would suggest that you should pro claim, as early as practicable, an extension of the large forest reserve already made in thb vicinity of Ballarat, so as to prbtect.tho forests on'and north of the Dividing Kongo; and cause to be proclaimed near Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Ararat, Maryborough, Ingle wood, Beechworth, and other centres of mining industry, .similar large, reserves. Wo would recommend further that some suitable large area should be selected south west of Kokowood, with a view to the esta blishment of a' large wood of indigenous and imported trees on the present treeless basaltic plains ; portions of which, when properly worked, and especially when properly drained, would in "our opinion bo well suited for aboriculture. It is well known that the climate of a country, as expressed by the mean tem perature, the mean degreo of humidity, and the mean pressure of the air, is the result of forces which man cannot control or alter; but it is also known that important changes in the local climatic conditions may bo effected by' drainage, by storing water, by clearing away forests, and by planting. The climate of a country may be ma terially changed by the destruction of forests. This has been proved by the experience of Italy, France and Spain in the middle ages; by that of Trinidad, Martinique, and San Domingo in the modern world, and by the ancient tradi tions of Syria and Palestine when com pared with the present desolate condition of those gardens of biblical history. The mean temperature, the mean degree of humidity, and the mean pressure of the air are the result of forces, which man cannot controul except by planting, by storing water, and by drainage. But, without going into the question of climatic changes and their causes, there is enough in the purely economic view of the case to call for serious consideration. As a mere mining question, it is desirable that a sufficiency of timber should be preserved for the use of the " digger " in his arduous avocation, but it will soon be asked, " What are wo to do for fuel 1 This en quiry is becoming a pressing one in France and is occupying the attention of M. ' About and other writers, just as the coal question is in England of Mr J. S. Mill and Mr Jevons. In one of our files to hand by the last mail we find the following summing up of M. About's views :— " There can at least be no doubt that on one side of France the culture, whether yramie or petite, has ill one respect been most improvident. Parts of tiio south east ore almost denuded of wood; we read of districts where dried cow-dung is almost the only available fuel. The evils of this recklessness are manifold. Trees do not readily grow again in mountain countries where the original forest has been killed off. Pains, no longcr cauglit as in a sponge and distributed slowly and evenly, wasli away quantities of earth from places where the soil is already far too shallow. Floods are frequent, and arc followed by droughts. Thoughtful men like Valios arc writing books oil the sub ject, and the 1 Irate des beux Minifies, glad to be ill opposition on a scientific questio be in opposition on a scientific que lias taken the matter up; for the Govern ment, which has been selling at a great rate, proposes to alienate a very ^ large portion of the public forests within the next few years. The philosophers are up in arms against this. It will seri ously affect tho water supply, make the climate more extreme, and force into tillage a- quantity of land which never can bo farmed at a profit. ' In a country like Franco the state ought to own the forests for private individuals will never let the timber grow to a proper and really pro fitable size." ' Well, then, you import your largo timber,' the free- trader will reply.' 'Yes, but what am I- to burn?' asks the poor peasant of Lozoro; ' it will bo a long timo before the coal which you want to sco more largely imported, gets across to mo." The time will arrive, at no distant date, when the colony'of Victoria will be even iii a worse condition than parrs of France if something be not done to conserve the magnificent forests which fringe the plains and clothe the mountains of the higher ranges of the country, and which contribute so much to the present health fulness of the climate, and promise so greatly for . its future beauty and "comfort, 't he importance of umbrageous forests in lofty ranges is great, says tlie report, " in the general economy of nature^ In the height of summer when the sun and the winds have dried the soil of the lower lands, and withered the herbage on tho plains, we have to travel fifty or sixty miles (from Melbourne) to the heavily wooded mountains to find perennial streams of water, vast trees, delicious shade, and, where the fern tree attains its greatest dimensions, complete protection from the suu's rays." This condition, in which evaporation is at at the minimum and moisture is condensed by the foliage, it should be the duty of the state to pre serve for the sake of, the general health. On the ground of public economy, it may be urged that bur actual wealth and prosperity arc just as dependant on the abundance of tho supply of fuel as are the manufacturing industries of England on that of coal. Of the existing abundance in the mountain fastnesses of the colony, no one who has had the opportunity of judging for himself can doubt for one instant. It is quite as evident, however, that no attempt is made to conserve our mag nificent forests for the use of posterity^ On the contrary, they are being dimini shed,-year by year, by bush-fires lighted for tho purpose, and which may be fre quently seen on summer nights. ex tending along the ranges of the Aus tralian Alps for many miles in length and in breadth. It would be wise at once to "proclaim" portions of these forest as reserves for future use1 Some such a course will have to be adopted to prevent the- wholesale destruction of timber, which the traveller among the Australian mountains finds so frequent an occasion to deplore. 