NEWS AND NOTES. The heat of the weather on New Year's-day was EOmethiDg noticeable for its severity, and bush-fires were burning at various quarters of the horizon. Mount Cola was on lire, and there ia some ground for apprehending serious disasters to the farmers at this critical juncture in their industrial affairs. As showing the luteuse heat during tho day, we subjoin the following readings of tho thermometer, sup plied to us by the intelligent and observant master of the District Orphan Asylum. Ha writes as follows on New Year's-Jay : - "At two o'clock to-day the thermometer stood at 158 deg near the west inside wall, exposed to the Bun direct. In the middle of tho yard, 135 deg. On the ground, exposed to the sun in the field, outside tho uuilding, 127 deg. Under the verandah facing eastwards, 103 deg. In the dining-room, with all the west blinds down, 102 deg. The water standing in the pipe, exposed to the sun, lol deg. The mini num temperature of water in the pipes, 72 deg." We learn from tha Argus that at the invitation of the president, Dr Hidden, Mr Wills and his aboriginal cricketers, on Monday, visited tho Fitzroy Bowling- green, and took port in one or two friendly games. This was their first acquaintance with bowls, and it was surprising to see how quickly they apprehended tbe vatious points of the game. Tar pot, Dick, and Jellicu were particularly Bucceea lul, scoring sometimes against tho beat players of the club. Those who support the Ministry are to be re warded, it appears, whatever their qualifications for office may be. The Goverr.v.cnt liazclte of Monday notifies that Mr James M'Djwall, of Ballarat, has been added to the roll of magistrates for the colony. Ths Superintendent of the Orphan Asylum bega per favor of the Star newspaper, to Ehank most kindly tbe following gentlemen, who have sent con tributions during tbe Cnristmas and New-Year holidays, for the comfort and gratification of me orphans under hia care, namely:-Messrs W, It, Watson, DrHudeon, Murton (of Murton and Leggo), Coutts and Sons, bakers; Mr Ibbotson, cooper; Fin layson, clothier, Bridge Btreet; Walker, confectioner, do; Williamaon, Melbourne road. A fire broke out on New Year's-day at the rear of Creighton's oil and kerosene warehouse, in Mair street, and the fire-bells speedily alarmed the town, a feat the more easily performed with auch torrid heat prevailing as that with which the new year opened. It appears that by some means not clearly ascertainable by our reporter, a number of boxes became ignited in the yard, and the fire got hold of the fence dividing the premises fron) the Balmoral hotel yard adjoining. Fortunately, however, water was available in abundance, and the Western Bri gade, not having far to run, was quickly on the spot and Becured the extinction of the flames. As the stock-in-trade on the premises is of so highly combustible a nature, it is a matter for congratula tion that the fire was so soon got under. Never theless the occurrence is a serious one at this seacon in so densely crowded a part of the town, and it should be enquired into by the authorities. The annual picnic of the Lydiard street Wesleyan Sunday School, which for some yeara past has been held in the Ballarat Botanical Gardens, took place on New Year'a-day, at Waldie's Station, near the Great North-West Company's claim, and was in every respect an eminent Buccess. The day was oppres sively warm, but the committee appointed to carry out the arrangements had made ytry liberal provi sion to satisfy the thirst of young and old, and with the assistance of tea, lemonade, and ginger beer, lime j uico, and pure spring water, ob - tamed from Mr Waldie's fields, managed to check the effects of the warm weather to a great extent. .The children and friends were conveyed in waggons supplied by Messrs Brown, Osborne, and Co, with several private vehicles and gratuitous conveyances - ^ including a very large waggon kindly lent by Mr Fry . to their destination. The party arrived on the grounds at a little before ten o'clock a m. The mem bers, bo far as the officers of the school could inform us, were about 400 scholars, some 50 teachers, and about /0 or SO friends and visitors. After ar riving, the usual games - cricket, rounders, football, and so forth, were gone into by boys and men; while swinging, "tursey," "clap out, and a number of other games, into whose mysteries we are not initiated, served to amuse the fairer portion of creation; " kiss-in-the- ring," for many excellent reasons, being tabooed by the autho rities of the school. A day, described by those who have been the longest in connection with the school, as the best and most enjoyable ever passed at such affairs, and as we are informed, a great suc cess in other points not looked for by the scholars, wasbrought to a close by the whole school wend, ing us way homeward by half-past six o'clock; the singing and^ cheering on the way home being the best indication of how highly gratified all were with the days proceedings. Much of the enjoyment was doubtless due to the kindness of Mr Waldie, in allowing the use of a spot so beautifully situated tor the purposes of a picnic. We report elsewhere some particulars of the ninth annual gathering of the Ballarat Caledonian Society, which was held in tlio Western Recreation Eeaerve, .byre street. The new iron gafes as the Benevolent Asylum are an ornament to the place, and the stone pillars are now surmounted by handsome lamps, presented by Messrs Eyres Brothers,ironmongers,Sturt street, who im ported the gates to order from the celebrated Cole brookdale works in England, whose castings won fluttering notices at the London and Paris exhibi tions. The Government Qa:eUe intimates that Mr J. BT. Quinn, formerly clerk of potty sessions at Digby, has been dismissed from the public service. In the western parts of New South Wales harvest labor is as scarce as it ia iu this colony. About Yass, farmers are now paying 30s per acre for the Harvesting of their crops, _ Mr James Smith, of Fitzgerald Swamp, has in bis employ this season, in the hayfield," says the fasloral Times, " a man ninety-eight years of age. arG informed that he mowed from an acre to an acre and a half per day. His name is William Gib cjj'i ,18' boWQ?er> better known as 'Old Willie,tho nadler. He is a native of the county of Durham, in England. Our informant states that whilst at work the old man did not seem over sixty years of age; and that his general appearance was that of a hearty, hale man." J It is reported that a bill is in preparation, to bo presented to Parliament aB soon as it meets, giving effect to Mr Grant's views as to free selection eener | ally over the colony. It is likely that the bar of the River Moyne, at Belfast, will be easily remorid. A contract for tho work has been taken, and it has been ascertained by borings that at low water there is a depth of seven | teen feet before the hard rock is met. The following patents have been applied for: Thomas Broadbent, of Ballarat West, mining agent for 41 An invention of improvements in pumps for I mining purposes;'^ Arthur Cleghorn, of Footscray, tanner, for "Aa invention of improvements in the method of lifting the traveling carriage of leather rolling machines." The tender of G. W. Mayo, Buninyong, has been accepted for the supply of firewood at the various Government offices, Ballarat; rate, 6s 7d ner ton of .10 cubic feet for gum and box in equal proportions. | Sites havo been temporarily reseivad as follows i or I resby tenan church purposes at Beaufort, and for common schools at Grand Trunk and Piesoreet respectively. 03 ' The time for the payment of fees for auctioneers' ! Jictnse3 for which certificates were obtained on the annual licensing day, has been extended for a period of six weeks dating from 21th December, 18C6. Kokewood Gold-field Common has been further extended by 2400 acres. The parade of the liifle Rangers on Monday last was not done full justice to in a paragraph pub lished yesttrday. It was a special parade, called lor the purpose of inspecting the men as to their efficiency in light infantry drill. The inspecting officer was Lieutenant- Colonel Rede, who expressed an opinion that, considering the difficulties with which the corps has to contend, the movements were tolerably well performed. He also Dointedout that the running-drill was now being tauzht in. Great Britain, and that the time waB come when movements would have to be very much quicker than under the old system. He, however, com plimented the men on their efficiency in battalion The Theatre Royal was crammed on New Y°ar's r"Ther D?ughter of the Regiment" "and ihe Loan of a Lover" were repeated with every desirable success, Miss Julia Mathews, in both reaping plaudits on every entrance. We need not counsel our reader not to neglect the fleetin" op portunity to hear this accomplished songstress. On Thursday, Mr J, C. Lambert, will appear as Sir Anthony Absoluti, supported by a strong cast. This Daughter of the Regiment" and lhe Loan of a Lover" will be repeated. The Nathan Troupe had a crowded house oa New Year's night, when the previous evening's programme was repeated amid the hilarious plaudits of an evidently delighted holiday audience. This evening there will be a new programme, with an other pleasant series of songs, spectacles, and comi. calitiee, 