TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (PROM OUR OWKCOKRESPOIfDEMïS.) SYDNEY, Faro.vr. [ A gentleman named Smith, engaged on the Brisbane Courier, and on his way to Mel- bourne, died suddenly on Wednesday even- ing. The new Council of Education is likely to cause some little stir among the denomina- tions not represented. Tlio Orleans Family have sent very hand- some presents to Lady Young and Lord John Taylour for their attentions to the late Prince de Conde when ill. Business is not \\-ery brisk. Arrived.-Ziska, from Mauritius, with 'a cargo of sugar, rum, and gunnies ; Epsom, from .Tuva. ADELAIDE, FIUDAY. Further relics of the Flinders Expedition of 1802 have been found at Port Lincoln. A motion has been carried in the Legisla- tive Council for the production by Govern- ment of the despatches lately received from England on the Boothby question. But little wheat is offering for immediate delivery. A solo is reported of 10,000 bushels at «Is., for forward delivery. Flour, £10 10s. 'to £1110s. There is some demand for cornsacks. Several parcels have changed hands at 14s. 6d. Arrived.-Duke of Sutherland, from Lon- don. Additional items extracted from Messrs. Greville and Company's (Ecuter's agents) telegrams : BELFAST, JAN. 4. The election of a member to serve in the Belfast Shire Council, for the East Riding, took place yesterday. Mr. James Hennessy polled l61 ; Mr. James Maloney, 141 ; and Mr. "William Rutledge, l8. The latter candidate did not poll a sufficient number of votes to entitle him to have his deposit-money re- turned, and it will therefore be forfeited. WANGARATTA, JAN. 4. The bishop has notified to the Rev. C. Booth his intention to stop his state pay. Signatures have been solicited to a petition to the bishop to keep him here. SYDNEY, JAN. 4. The stakeholder for the great trotting match which was made between The Fool and Sir William Don, and for which the latter walked over, has paid over the stakes to Mr. Orr. It was thought that there might be some difficulty about it, as there was a dis- pute about the fairness of the Don's trotting, but the members of the Racing Club have in- demnified the stakeholder in case of legal proceedings being taken. If an action is commencedfor the recovery of the stakes, ii is intended to make up the amount by public subscription, and it is said that Mr. Hogan, the¿ owner of The Fool, wiitin that case bl blackballed. ADELAIDE, JAN. 4. Heav7 bushfires are raging in the Moun Gambier district, causing great destruction ol property. In some quarters tho grain was shrivelled by the intense heat from the fires Farm labour in that district is very scarce. The first overland mail under the new con tract arrived at Mount Gambier from Ade laide in fifty and a half hours. In the Council, this afternoon, the bill ti authorise the Government to borrow £150,00 for the construction of a neiv reservoir, wa thrown out by the casting vote of the Presi dent. 