VICTORIA. We have Molbourno papers to the 15th inst. The Argo» of that date says : Wo understand that a mooting of mombora of the Assembly favorable to the adoption of the principle of "payment to members" is to be held in the old library room of the Legislative Assembly, on Wednes- day next, at two o'clock. Some of tho principal movers in this matter are desirous of bringing such a pressure to bear upon tho Government as shall induce them to place a sum upon the Estimates for the required purpose. Tho Government, however, aro not likely to follow that course. Payment of members can only bo provided for by a bill, and it is improbable that the Government wdl consent even to introduco such a measure. Tho initiative will will have to be takon by a privato monibor of tho House. The same journal of the samo dato adds : Yesterday, a meeting was hold at the Criterion Hotel, to consider what steps should bo taken to give the Hon. G. Verdon, C.B., a public welcomo on his return to tho colony. About thirty gentlemen wero present, and the Hon. 0. J. Jenner was called to the chair. After somo conversation, Mr. Rolfe, M.L.O., seconded by Mr. M'Caw, moved that Mr. Verdon Bhould be entertained at a public banquet, in ac- knowledgment of his valuable services during his la te visit to Europe Tho motion was agreed to unani- mously. It was further resolved that the banquet should take place at St. George's-hall on Monday evening, the 21st inst., at half-past seven o'clock. A numerous committee was appointed to mako the necessary arrangements for the celebration. Mr. Verdon bos since accepted the invitation. In reference to the state of the weather, the Argus of the 14th says : Saturday last was by far the hottest day of the present season. In addition to the intenso radiance of the sun shining from a clear blue sky, there was a strong hot wind blowing nil day. The highest point attained by tho thermometer at the Observa- tory was 108-40 in the shade, which is 12-4" higher than it reached on New Yoar's-day. In tho sun tho maximum heat was 129°, and at one o'clock tho heat of tho surface of tho ground was 145°. The ex cossivo heat put a stop to nearly the whole of tho out-door sports usually so aotivoly pursued on Satur- day afternoons. At sunset, the appearance of tho groat ruby- red disc of tho luminary as it sank through the thin, dusky, low-lying haze in the distance, and dropped below the horizon, seomod to botokon another very hot day to come. Tho wind died off at evening, but tho heat was still very great, and the air, rarified as it was from tho direct radiation of tho sun and its long passage over tho country to tho north, was most sultry and oppressive. After nightfall a great uro could bo seen extending over a largo tract of tho Dandenong Ranges, and the form of one of the hill-masses could bo dis- tinctly traced in its dotted outline of fire. The thormomotor stood at 80 ° at nine o'clock in the ovoning, and at an hour after sunrise yesterday morning it had risen to 88 °. A little before nine, tho expectations of a most intolerably hot day woro agreeably negatived by a shift of wind, light airs fitfully coming in from tho south, and gradually stoadying into a strong cool breeze. By half-past nine, ihe temperature had fallon to 70°, and the rest of the day was delightfully cool and pleasant. Tho sudden chango of wind and the oxtromo variation of tomporaturo, soemoi to havo much disturbod the electrical tension of tho atmosphere, and last night the palo tromulous gleam of the Bhoot lightning could bo seen harmlessly flickering around on the horizon. Tho readings of tho thermomotor at tho shop of Messrs. Kasnor and Moss, opticians, Collins streot, which aro somewhat different from those of the Observatory, aro subjoined:-In the shade, within entronco of shop, 4 p.m., 96°; in tho sun, about 1 p.m., 132 ° . The samo journal gives us the following account of tho death of Signor Cutolo : An accident which has doprivod tho musical world in these colonioä of one of its ablest mombora, took place on board tho steamer Alexandra, on the ovon- ing of the 10th instant, during the voyago of that vossol from Sydney to this port. Signor Cutolo and his wife wero reclining on one of the skylights on tho quartor-dock, about half-past six o'clock in tho ovoning, whon the ordor was given by the officer in ohargo of the watch to stow the sails on the after- part of the vessel. In lowering tho mainsail tho "peak" be- came ontanglod, and the hooks of tho throat slipping, the gaff fell on the hoad of Signor Cutolo, causing a largo scalp wound, so sovoro that the poor sufforor at once oxclaimod that ho was dying. Ono of the pus songors dressed the wound, and gave tho sufforor nil tho assistance in his powor, but after lingering about twenty-four hours, Signor Cutolo died. Dr. Youl held an inquoät on tho body on Saturday, whon, after a lengthy investigation, a verdict of "Acci- dental Death" was returned. A full roport of tho proceedings will bo found in another column. This morning tho burial service, with full musical accom- paniments, will be porformod nt St. Peter's Church, Eastern-hill, at half-past nine o'clock. At the eloso of the ceremonies, Signor Cutolo's remains will bo .talton Sov intovmonfi io iHo oomotciy , -nrhou a rctjllie/n will bo performed at tho grave. The following is from tho Herald of tho 15th inst. : The Arab, in bidding farewell to the gallant stood that had borno him over many a sandy plain, must have boon animated by vory different feelings towards that noblo quadruped than animatod a gontloman in tho sorvico of the corporation whon taking his adieux, on the ovoning of tho 2nd inst., of the horso that had carried him during that day. Tho gontloman in question, Mr. Fitzgibbon, town clerk of Melbourne, having a short time previously purchased a horse said to bo free from overy vico and a " good 'un to go," on the day after New Yoar'a Day took him out for a canter in the district of Brighton. The rider then discovorod, to his disgust, that the animal was not only not freo from all the vices that horsoflosh is prone to, but that ho had a tasto for strong waters, or at least for stopping at ovory publichouso ho caine to. Whip and spur wera of no avail ; as soon as a hostolrio was roaohed the horso persisted in stopping at it, but at tho Elsternwick hotel lia carried his mal- practice to a climax by walking into tho bar with his rider on his back. Honry Young, tho landlord, soundly abused Mr. Fitzgibbon for what ho allogod was his fault, but that gontloman informed Boniface that ho was sorry ho could not provont tho horso doing what ho did. The landlord was not satisfiod with this explanation, and threatened to give Mr. Fitzgibbon a thrashing. Mr. Town Clerk demurred to this " ordor of the day," and mildly informod tho speaker that tho consont of both parties would bo nocessary before suoh anoporntioncouldboporformod. Tho liconsed victualler then, with a man named Thomas Jaokson, assaulted Mr. Fitzgibbon, and ihjured him in such a manner that ho has been laid up for somo days. A summons has boon taken out against ono of the offenders, and yesterday Mr. Sturt issued a warrant for tho apprehension of tho othor. Tho Argus of tho 15th says : The Deep Sea Fishing Company's scboonor Red- cliffe bos returned again from tho Straits, but the trip this time has apparently not beon marked by a largo amount of success, only somo twenty dozon of crayfish having beon brought to markot. On hor last trip two of tho hands wore loft behind on tho Hummocks, to prosecute operations during tho absonco of tho schooner, but boforo the return of tho Redcliffe they fell short of provisions. Tho mon thon put off in the dingy, with tho intention of making CircuUr Hoad, but in consoquonco of a strong gale from the E.N.E., thoy woro unablo to effect a landing. They thon boro up for Hunter's Island, and beached the boat, but on tho wind shifting into the south-east, thoy went back again to tho Hummocks, whero the Rodcliffo arrived on tho following day with stores, A great number of crayfish woro caught by tho mon while tho schoonor was away, but thoy woro all dond boforo she returned. Several baskets of butterfish, and other kinds of fish, woro takon, but those also died from somo causo or other, and woro not brought on. \--JThn-foIlnwingf-iB from tho ? Míyorta-Imlepetületii of tho 11th inst. : A discovery has just boon brought undor oui notice, whioh may ovontunlly bo pioductivo of im- portant icsultf" A man named Bright was travolbng o\oiland from Adoliudo to Majorca, whon, loavmg tho usual routo (to look after somo shoop), ho carno acioss numorous springs of what at lust sight appoaiod to bo watoi, but on olosoi inspection piovod to bo a kind of liquid gum or oil, winch on oxposuro to tho au bocomos solubliod, at fast to the consistency ol jolly, and aftorwaids to that of indin-i ubboi in -n Inch form n o liai o now a pioeo in our possession Tho poculiaiity of this gum, 01 whatover it may bo toimod, is that it binns h eely, with a bright llamo, but accompamod with a thick smoko, and a smell as nf nlil irrnnon «noll n« unnTcI l.n "m,*fnrl f "" maehinory oil while in a stato of combustion, Tho substance is light, and floats easily in w-tor. Our informant assure us that a tract of country not loss than ton milos square is covered at intervals with the bubbling springs, whilo hotwoon them tho solidified gum is lying in such abundance that many ship- loads might bo gathorod with very little trouble. Tho exact locale of tho disoovory is prosorvod as a soeret, but is stated to bo within sixty milos of tho coast. A small block of this curious substanco has hoon for wyrdod to Molbourno for analysis. Tho Gtppi Land Times says : Wo hoar on all hands from our sporting Monds, that wild fowl aro moro scarco this year than thoy woro over boforo known to bo in Gipps Land, and tho ducks aro hardly so Humorous now us thoy woro at tho commoncomont of tho oloso season. This is ac- counted for by tho Octobor floods, dining which numbors of young broods woro sooncarriod down tho I water, and no doubt hundred» <if no.T wm.n ,ln"i..".." i m tho samo way. Snino havo boon tolorubly abund- ant, and wo havo hoard of somo oxcollont bags being made. Quail aro also moro abundant this year thun thoy havo boon for tho last ton years ; but thoy mo also unusually lato in brooding. Sovorul onthusiastio sportsmen havo announcod thoir intention of shooting no moro for anothor month, as, oven now, nosts aro daily found by tho harvost men with from oight to fourteen oggs, For the following we aro indebted to the Avoca Mail ; Wo were on Tuesday shown the remains of a hugo I iguana, or tree li¡5ard,killed on the Bet-Bnt Creek on the day previous, near Mr. Scrase's brewery Tin reptile moasured in length five feet bíx incaoii and"in girth, two feet. For some days the large fowl-hoiiS attached to the brewery had boen regiuai'lv robbal of tho e~gi it contained ; and on the 8tu..L,y* monun» a turkey hen, Bitting on twelve, was nnceremoniomii; bundled off her nest, and robbed of hor charge, Ti» thief turned out to be the lizard, for when caught it was in the act of robbing the nest of a peahen in 1 Bindiar manner. 