REVIEW. Fifty Years Ago ; an Australian Tale. By CHARLES De Boos. In fifteen monthly parts, 1471 pp. Pub- lished by, Gordon and Gotch, George-street, and printed by F. Cuninghame, of Pitt-street, Sydney. "Fifty Years Ago" is the name of a spirited Aus- tralian tale, lately produced by one of our colonial writers - a gentleman whose talents have, for many years past been deservedly appreciated in the community, where his vivid sketches of Bush Life and Scenery, dry, caustic humor, and familiar know- ledge of the numerous quaint peculiarities of the colonial character, (as permanently developed in the oldest settlement in this part of the world), have been keenly relished, both in the wilds of the interior and in our rising towns and half-formed villages. By the bush-fire, in the dense forest, and on the lonely plains, the features of the silent stockman and of the melancholy shepherd have, during the long dull evenings, been frequently relaxed at reading what that "queer Sydney cove" has had to say on the rather delicate question of sheep and cattle, his revelations of some of the more recondite and equivo- cal mysteries thereunto belonging, and his significant utterances as to those notions of men and things which are usually entertained by such as reside in the solitudes of our country. It has been frankly admitted on all hands, that " he knows a thing or two," that "he is up to the mark in cattle," and that he is clearly as well acquainted with the " Argot" of the bush as the hon. member for Argyle himself. Deep and sagacious, have been the ponderings as to the school of the author's experience, and some of the conjectures have not been always of the most complimentary descrip- tion. He has been confidently claimed as a bushman and eagerly recognised as a gold digger; but the question as to the actual source of this author's know- ledge is generally allowed to be a mystery. With many of his Sydney friends he has been simply iden- tified as a " chiel " that has been taking notes - one who has thus happily acquired that provoking exactitude with which he is pleased to phonograph and photograph all that he has ever heard or seen for the edification of the public. Fifty Years Ago carries one back to old times in New South Wales - times when Sydney was a small, dull, straggling town instead of a vast and busy city ; when the colony at large was little better than a huge penal settlement instead of a free and prosperous country; times when there were no nocturnal out- pourings of Parliamentery wisdom and eloquence in Macquarie-street, when even Brickfield-hill was but a suburban village, and when the newly erected church of St James was fondly regarded as an archi- tectural chef d aurore, surpassing every other monu- ment of the Great Macquarian Era. Everything as yet, was rough and ready, rude and imperfect. The chains of the white slave, reduced to the state of a serf for his follies and his crimes, were constantly heard clanking in our miry thoroughfares, and the aboriginal black man still went in and out amongst us, with some fainnt idea that the whole land had once been his. Hominy was an article ot food which had not yet become a matter of abhorrent tradition, and there were old men alive who talked of Captain Cook, of Governor King, and of La Perouse. With much that was sad and gloomy, there were, neverthe- less, stirring events and daring feats of enterprise in this Australian colony just half a century ago. The story now presented to the public by Mr. Charles De Boos in monthly parts, begins with one of those horrible scenes of aboriginal outrage which every old resident has heard of, when the outlying home- stead of the early settler was suddenly surprised and made desolate by fierce and murderous bands of savages in the Australian wilderness, and the wife and children of the colonist ruthlessly murdered. George Maxwell, an ex-sergeant of one of the regi- ments temporarily stationed in New South Wales, is described as having taken up land somewhere on the Upper Paterson, - \- there, with his flock of sheep, gradually working his way (as thousands did) to a position of competence and respectability. In his temporary absence from his isolated home his wife and family are slaughtered, and he returns to his hut too late to live for anything but unrelenting vengeance against the tribe who have done him such deadly wrong. One son ("Jamie" ) alone escapes, and, having recovered from his fearful wounds, shares, with a half obscured intellect, in the stem retribution which his unhappy father deals out to the chiefs - Macomo, Opara, and Atare - and not only to them but to the whole tribe of the Maroo. In the hairbreadth escapes of these two miserable men the main interest of the tale is concentrated, but there are episodes ot a lighter and less painful character, in which the story of true love, and honest sterling worth, serve to relieve the dark shadows of the narrative, wherein the details ol the manners and customs of the aborigmes, and of the life of our elder colonists, are ably presented. To the avenging purpose of Maxwell many of the personages and incidents of the story are made sub- servient - pointing the moral of the tale in which they play their part. Emerella, the astute and vin- dictive black girl, Sandy Morrison the miller, Shuffling Dick, Tom Brown, the Marcomb Family, the Bushrangers, the Policemen, and the fast decreasing tribe of Maroo, all appear and pass like shadows, until the dreaded Old Man of the Gun has completed his awful scheme of vengeance. Of the mournful mystery in the Marcomb Family, which occupies so conspicuous a place in the latter portion of the work we do not, intend to speak, leaving it to be gathered from the author's pages by the reader. It is a feature in the story which was, it is to be feared, not unfrequently realised in times now all but forgotten. The unhappy Maxwell, hiding his identity in his extreme old age, under the convenient name of "Smith," disappears on the last page of the story, long surviving his victims, on the Blue Gum Flat, near Brisbane Water. The description of the domestic tragedy, which serves as the key note ot the whole composition, is set forth with remarkable power in the First Book, which extends over the two opening numbers and has already been quoted with aprobation by the local Press. In the Second Book, the scene changes to the mill at Myrtle Creek obviously sketched from some particular locility with which the writer is personally familiar. In the attack made by the natives upon that lonely mill, the author has found ample, scope for his powers, the breathless interest of that terrible struggle reminding one, in the intensity of its action, of a similar attempt narrated in the, "Little Queen" of Madame Charles Raybaud - where the Caribs of Martinique make a long sustained but fruitless effort to surprise the Governor's residence at MORNE AUX Boeufs. In the timely assistance afforded by Max- well and his half-witted son Jamie at this night attack - in which the sturdy Scottish miller's place is eventually well rid of the rascallv Meroos, George's vengeance somewhat appeased, and Sophy Morrison restored to her father and ill-used lover - there is a succession of incident and descriptive writing which will be universallv appreciated. In the Third and Fourth Books the course of the story lies amid wild scenes such as were but too common in New South Wales a half a century ago; much of the violence having been audaciously repeated of late years by another generation without any shadow of excuse or palliation. And so the tale is gradually drawn to its conclusion by the death of Macomo. The author, is we have said, is particularly suc- cessful in his sketches of scenery, and pictures of times gone by; in proof of which we quote the fol- lowing passage, in which the " Mill of Mjrtle Creek" is introduced :- Fifty years ago, steam was in its infancy. The giant was there but only a very partial notion of his power had been gained. Machinery was restricted, for though the inge- nuity of man had been turned in that direction, the great motive power was wanting and it was but rude and simple as compared with the complicated series of mechanisms that are worked at the present day. In manufactures much proeress had been made. Machinery for increasing the existing power, and for saving labour, had been invented and applied; but the vast prime mover was wanting. The great cotton lords of England were not, except in the embryo. If this were the case in a country that had already extended its manufacturing fame to the four corners of the earth and that supplied the whole world by its shipping, for it had no rival, it may easily be conceived that the small unknown and penal colony of New South Wales was not very far advanced, either in the Arts or in Manufactures of the simplest kind. Improvements were then being made rapidly and successfully in England; but they reached here very gradually in the face of the long voyages from and infrequent intercourse with, the mother country. Six months was about the average time required for making the passage from Europe to Port Jackson, and a passage of one hundred and fifty days was recorded as a very miracle of celerity. Nothing better, however, was to be ex- pectd from the vessels built according to the models of the period. Small, inconvenient, and slow sailing they well deserved the name of "tubs" that was generaly and aptly given to those selected for the Botany Bay passage. It was a long one through seas almost unknown, and from that very circumstance, fraught with a thousand dangers in the mind of the shipowner, who generally picked out the most worthless of his fleet to undertake it. Were such vessels to enter our waters now, they would be laughed at by those who have seen the smarrt clippers, and the large oomm- dious and splendidly fitted up liners that visit our port. Agriculture was carried on, but only in the rudest manner. To use the language of the men of the day " You have only to chip the earth with a hoe and tickle it with a rake to get a crop." The greater part of the culti- vation was done by hand. Government labour was plentiful and easily obtainable ; and unless for vegetables or other matters requiring care, the ground was hoed over by the farm hands. Here and there a plough might be seen, but it was of the heavy old fashioned kind that nothing short of a team of bullocks could drag through the earth; and as bullocks were scarce, whilst men were numerous, it is not to be wondered at that the latter were set to do the work that is now done by the farmer. Wheat had not, as yet, become a general product. In the older settlement of Rose Hill, under which name Parramatta was first known, and in the only little less old farms of the Hawkesbury, wheat was produced in great abundance, and its cultivation was gradually extended. Still the supply was not equal to the demand and maize, which throve with wonderful probtiences, was the main production of the farmer, and formed the staple food of the great bulk of the country population. It was used in hominy, corn cake, bread, and a variety of other ways, and was eaten with pork. Beef and mutton were dear - too dear to be eaten, except as a treat, by any but the wealthier portion of the people. Maize then formed the main article of food, but even that required to be ground before it could be used. In Sydney much of the grinding was done by the Government, for the treadmill, whilst it formed an excellent means of punishing refactory convicts, was made a useful source of revenue. Some few windmills had been erected on the higher spots about the capital, where their sails could catch the breeeze, and in two or three places in the interior, water mills bad been constructed. In the interior, however, and the interior of those days was not very many miles from Sydney the Govenment men on the farms did all the grinding, always for themselves and in many instances for their massters, by steel hand mills. The man's ration - partly of wheat, partly of corn was served out to him in the grain, and he had to " bung the mill, " or grind it with his own hand, and hand sift it afterwards, before he could use it. Still, as before stated, there were only a few places where advantage had been taken of running streams to turn water wheels, and these formed the motive power for grinding wheat and maize. At the time to which our tale takes us back, there was alreay a narrow line of settlement along the banks of the Hunter, or Coal River, as it was then commonly called. The line had extended itself up some of the tributaries of that river, and more especially up the Paterson. The heavy naturoeof the timber, hower, that covered the flood belts of these rivers was, in these days, a great drawback to the settlement of that part of the country, and had it not been that convict labour was plentiful, and that the colonial Government was only too anxious to rid itself, as far as possible, of the cost of maintaining the convicts crowded upon it by the authorities at borne, very few indeed would have ever been found willing to undertake the costly task of clearing away the vast brushes that then existed, and source of which stand, almost in their primitive density, even to the present day. At this time, the pioneers of settlement were timber workers - the sawyers and the splitters. As yet, the squatters were not, and the task that they subsequently performed with a rapidity that has astonisehed the world, was then left to be done more slowly, but none the lees effectually'y, by the timberers. These daring and hard-working men were mosly of the prison class. Having served a portion of their time, and obtained a partial remission of the term of sentence , they preferred the full and entire liberty they enjoyed as their own masters, even though the work was harder, to placing themselves under a servitude that was only one remove better than that from which they recently escaped. Hard working, enterprising, perserverning, they pushed into the thick and tangled brush in search of Cedar, or the choicer trees of hard wood. By their labours tracks were made into portions of country theretofore unknown and impassable. Always selecting the finest trees their axes soon let daylight into the dark recesses of the forest, where never before for thousands of years had the rays of the sun penetrated. Then, again, a still farther clearance became necessary, in older to allow of the stuff they had sawn or split being drawn out of the bush. When these openings were made, the luxuriance of growth that followed give such unmistakable evidence of the ríchness of the soil, that it was not very long after that the land was taken up, cleared, and cultivaited. In this way was settlement pushed along the banks of the rivers, although it naturally proceeded very slowly. The timberer still kept ahead of the line of settlement, for he bad to do so to procure what he needed; and the settlers followed as land was opened out, and a way was cleared for their further extension. But when once the dense jungle that loaded the flood beds of the rivers was cut through, a more open country was exposed to the enterprise of the setlers. It was no doubt owing to this that though the Paterson was but very partially settled along its course, from its embouchure into the Hunter to where the falling nature of the ground preventented the vast accumulation ot alluvial deposits that had nourished the gigantic timber of its lower course yet, when tbe upper ground was reached, the land was less heavily timbered, and the forest more open, and some ten or a dozen homesteads or holdings had risen up comparitively close together, and forming a settlement of a size that was then but rarely seen. Some distance higher up the river than this settlement, Mjrtle Creek, a good sized stream of water, came dovwn into the Paterson from the broken country lying westward, its waters running rapidly, owing to the steep incline down which they came. Almost at the junc- tion of this creek with the river, a broad belt of flat land alone intervening between it and the river, a mill had been erected. Advantage had been taken of a bluff rise that skirted the flat, and the mill had been cut down perpen- dicularly, in such a way as to allow of the upper floor of the mill being reached from the land above, whilst the lower floor was on a level with the flat below. The creek which, as we have said, came down a heavily inclined country, formed a large pool or pond where it reached the level land, and this panel had been further increased in size and depth by a dam or causeway thrown across the narrow spot near its junction with the river. Some two hundred yards higher up the stream another dam had been constructed, so as to raise the vvater sufficiently high to work the overshot wheel that set in motion the grinding machinery placed in the lower part of the building. Though the creek itself rose considerably in that distance, yet to procure the necesary weight of water in the race, this dam had to be very extensive, and the amount ot water kept back in it proportionately large in order to provide for the contingencies of a dry season. Rough and rude was the mechanism of the mill, but there was in those days the same amount of energy, of per- severance, and of indomitable courage, and even a larger share of skill and ingenuity, than are displayed by the settlers of our own time, for then men had many varied difficulties to contend with and to sur- mount, that are now smoothed away from their path; and had to supply with their own hands, and by then own wits, much that is now easily pro- curable elsewhere, it then be but the money wherewith to pay for it. Before anything like a home could be raised the heavy timber had to be cleared off a good portion of the flat, then covered with the wild luxuriance of thousands of years of uninterrupted growth. The materials for the building, and the beams for supporling the machinery were taken from the land in the process of clearing; and to give some idea of the enormous size of some of these old fathers of the forest that stood in the way of settlement, it may be stated that it was a common thing to procure from one tree alone slabs sufficient to build completely a large-sized house. From what has been said it will be seen that the mill was a two storied building. The upper story, forming the grain and flour store, and the ordinaiy living rooms of the family, was entered from the hill by two large heavy folding doors. A wide passage led to the flour store at the back and on either side of the passage were the sitting and sleeping rooms. The under floor contained the simple machinery worked by the large overshot wheel, whoe set in motion by the stream, brought down upon it by the mill race. There was a comunication between the two floors by the store only - first by means of a broad stepped ladder forming a kind of stairway, and next by a round opening in the floor, through which the grain was emptied into the hopper of the mill, and the flour, when ground, was hauled up to the drier and safer floor above. This was secured by a trap door that fitted close over it, and the stairway was likewiso protected in thesame manner. The latter, however, being more accessible, was fastened by bolts, so that at night, when work was done, these traps were let down and fastened, and the upper part of the building was then entirely cut off from that below. The whole building was constructed of sound heavy slabe supplied by the giant trees that had once flourished on or near the spot upon which they were still to stand, though in another form, and fashioned by the hand of man and not by that of nature. It was roofed with bark and in the rooms used as a residence, the interstices between the slabs were filled in, or plastered with well-tempered clay, thus preventing the passage of wind or rain into the rooms, and giving them great additional comfort. The Miller's daughter goes to see her lover at night- fall, and is surprised and carried off by the blacks : - And now night began to fall. Tom had not returned, although now looked for with some anxiety, as well by Dick as by Sandy. Sophy, however, knew that he would not come back until he had met and spoken to her , and the time had now almost come at which he had appointed her to meet him. When at last the darkness had set in, without saying a word to her father, she stept out of the house and made her way to the place of assignation. The night was pitchy dark. Heavy clouds were rolling over the sky in one vast mass, and threatening every moment to pour down their contents in torrents of rain. The moon was completely obscured, and had it not been for the camp fires of the blacks, upon the ridgo above, that served as a beacon light to guide her, she would scarcely have been able to find her way, even that short distance, along the beaten track that led there from the house. At last she reached the spot, but it was only to be disappointed. Tom had not yet arrived. As a general rule, we may almost say, as a universal rule, young ladies have an objection to waiting for their lovers at the trystmg place, and Sophy was not above the weakness of her sex. Disappointed and vexed for the moment, at not finding Tom awaiting her, she made two or three steps towards returning to the house. But other and better thoughts soon intervened. Tom had some- thing to say to her, and she had much to say to Tom, and all this was of far too much importance to be interfered with by a petty feeling of ill-temper. So she turned back, sheltered herself as well as she could under the rough logs of tbe cockatoo fence, and sat herself to wait. She had not been in there more than about ten minutes, though to her, in that drear darkness, it seemed more than half an-hour, when a casual break in the clouds let out a stray ray or two from the moon. For a few brief moments there was a faint and sickly half-light thrown upon the bush, and by that light, in the direction whence she ex- pected her lover to arrive she caught sight of an advancing figure. It could be no other than Tom, and she went forth , from her shelter to meet him, " Tom ! Tom ! is it you?" she called in a low tone. There was no reply. All was again diark, and all the darker for the transient gleam of light that had been pre- viously thrown over the scene. She could neither see nor , hear anything, though she stretched her powers of sight and hearing to the utmost. Even the footfall that she thought she had distinguished was now lost. Shae stood for a few seconds holding her breath, and her heart almost ceasing to beat with the intensity and fixity of her attention. All at, once she heard the, sound of a footstep bebhind her. She turned instantly in that direction. What appeared to be a tall dark form stood before her at a short distance, and the next moment she received a blow on the head, uttered one shreik of terror rather than of pain, and then fell senseless. Some half-dozen blacks now sprang upon, her, raised her from the ground, and without a word beyond what was necessary for instrcuctions by the one who appeared to be the leader amongst them, they carried her away, passing along the lower line of the fence, and going in the direction of the camp on tbe hillside. Here is a good description of a cedar " brush," or (as English people would say ) a cedar forest. It will be found near the commencement of the Fourth Book. The heavy brushes, and especially those dense jungly forests in which the cedar luxuriates, have always been noted tor being dank, damp, and unhealthy. The lofty trees, running up from one hundred to one hundred and fifty feet in the air, interlace their boughs until they exclude the burning beat of the sun, and under this shelter a dense undergrowth of vegetation flourishes, so rankly that no ray of light, still less of heat, ever permeates to the soil. Mosses and lichens abound, the former hanging often in long pendant streamers from the boughs of the timber of lower growth, or spreading over and devouring the dead wood that cumbers the ground in all directions and forms by its decay food for a future generatlon of its species. Fungoidal and parastical growths of most rare and strange descrip- tions flourish upon the decay of the vegetable matter around and in the miasmatic emnanations exhaled from the constant moisture, attaching themselves somtimes to the trees, sometimes to the decaying branches that lay around, and sometimes springing up luxuriantly from between the vast masses of roots that, only half-buried in the soil, twine and twist along the surface of the earth in every direction in search of an unoccupied piece of ground into which to plunge to secure the nourishment for the giant mass for which they have to provide support. In these brushes the trees are of enormous size, the trunk often running up to a height of a hundred and twenty feet before a bough pro- trudes from it, and straight as an arrow. But huge as are these trees, the cedars are giants even amongst these vegetable monsters. Rearing up their heads far above their lofty fellows of the forest, and spreading out their branches far and wide in spite of all opposition, these monarchs of the brush might, from their towering height, be often seen and marked from a great distance, and when one of these fathers of the brush fell under the persevering attack of the sawyers, the light of day has been let in upon an area of nearly a rood, upon which for long ages previously the sun had never shone. The undergrowth was also close and tangled, the shrubs, and creeping and climbing plants blending together and matting so closley as to make it a work of great difficulty and labour to penetrate through the vast vegetable barrier that wasi presented at every step. The wild vine threw out its long cable like shoots, now twisting up some lofty branch, now hanging in fanciful festoons as it pushed across from tree to tree and then laying out along some bough like a vast boa lying in wait for its prey. Other minor creepers availed themselves of its support to olimb upwards in their seiarch after light and air, rewarding it for its aid by decorating its dark rugged bark with its gorgeous flowers. These flowers, often of the most brilliant hues, were scattered amongst the branchea of the larger trees into which the plants had mounted, and amongst which they twisted and turned. The "Sawyer's Home," the " Scrubber's Haunt," and several other similar passages, are equally pic- turesque and suggestive. If inclined to be critical and ungracious, we might insist upon what appears to us the main defect of this story, and be disposed to take exception to Mr. De Boos's aboriginal natives - Eumerella, Macomo, and almost all of them - as being decidedly too stagey for the Australian black fellows and their miserable gins. The dominant characteristic of our native blacks is that of a cruel, stolid brutality - the grim horrors of which are only relieved by a propensity to rude farcical belhaviour, at which it is difficult not to laugh, even on the most serious occasions. In their darkened intellect, the light of reason burns but dimly; , so degraded is the race, so wholly have they lost that tradition of some higher stage of civilisation which their fore- fathers must have occupied before they were driven by the stronger, intelligent, and lighter races of Protonesia to take refuge in the northern parts of this continent - spreading thence over an almost unlimited extent of territory, wvhere it has for centuries been difficult for them to maintain their individual existence. With a poor, inexpressive jargon, out of which almost everything has been stoned or forgotten - except means for the necessary interchange of a very low stock of ideas - natives like Macomo and Eumerella are, to say the least of it, wholly ideal. The realisation of such fidelity as was displayed by Jackey Jaekey (who was with poor Kennedy in his dying moments) is not beyond the ordinary capacity of that ill-fated race, but the character of the great Chief of the Maroo, in " Fifty Years Ago," is certainly more that of the Red man of J. FeniMore Cooper, than that of the Black Man of Australia. Notwithstanding this material defect, the book is very readable one, such as may fairly claim for itself a place on our bookshelves for Fifty Years to Come. We have, therefore, great pleasure in recommending it to our readers. 