TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (From the Melbourne Papers.) SYDNEY, MONDAY. The Victoria brings 5,000 bags sugar. Wool ships are asking ljd. freight. The Victorian riflemen arrived this morning, all well. The Victorian team were practising at the rifle butts to-day. There has been a groat meeting of the share- holders of the Joiut-Btock Bank, which lusted all day. They have been discussing the manager's suspension. The meeting terminated in tho con- firmation of the suspension. Sales of Patna rice are reported at £33, and Adelaide flour at £20. There was no quorum of the Assembly to-day. The Bason cleared for London, with 2,350 bales wool. Arrived.-Buckton Castle, Cospatrick, and Nourmahal, from London. TUESDAY. Dr. Sawyer, the new Bishop of Grafton, and Lord Bertram Gordon have arrived per the Cospatrick. The Assembly is discussing a motion to amend the Land Bill, and to encourage grazing and agriculture combined. The Government have moved the previous question. Governor Bowen lias decided to postpone his departure from Brisbane until the 27th inst. An indignation meeting, for the purpose of condemning the policy of the Government, is to be held to-night. The Victoria Club banquet to the Governor, which took placo last night, was a great success. Tho Ministers were present. A sale of ten tons of blasting powder has taken place at 6d ; kerosene is at 2s. Gd. WEDNESDAY. The R.M.S.S. Avoca arrived at two p.m. The Government has granted free railway passes to the Victorian riflemen. The motion to amend the Land Bill lias been withdrawn. ? The Upper House have passed the Municipal- ities Bill through committee. The Victor's cargo of Mauritius sugar was sold at auction to-day; crystals realised £3G 15s. to £40 ßs., and counters £31 10s. to £35 15s. Sailed.-Jason, for London. THURSDAY. A farewell banquet was given to Mr. Josephs, the member for West Sydney, last night. At the complimentary rifle match to-day thore was splendid shooting. The winners at the., 200 range were Slade, Fawcett, and Linsley, At the 300, Compton, Gee, and Linsley. At the 600, Lyuch, Rayner, and M'Naughton. At the COO, Lynch, Muinby, and Smith. At the aggregate, Bushelle, Linsley, and Lynch. Maize is rising. Sales are reported at 2s. 8il. The Sydney cricketers sailed for Melbourne yesterday. Caftyn sails on Saturday. Old England and Cossack arc not going to Melbourne. Arrived.-Christina Thompson, from Loudon ; Lubra, from Boston. .FRIDAY. The weather is intensely hot. The Victorians to-day shot splendidly at thu long ranges. At the 700 yards the result was Lynch 1, Templeton 2 M'Naughton 3. At the 800 yards Muinby aud Fawcett tied for the first prizs, and Riynor and Templeton tied for the third and fourth. At the 900 yards range Watson was first, M'Naughton second, and Brownlow third. The highest aggregate was made by Slade, with M'Naughton second, and Brownlow third. The second reading of the Electoral Act Amendment Bill has been negatived. ? Parliament has adjourned. A heavy brickfielder is blowiug. The cargo of Tasmanian wheat has boen sold at auction at from 6i. lid. to 7s. OJd. ADELAIDE, MONDAY. The proprietors of the Begi$ter wore again brought before the Legislative Council to-day, and finally excused from answering the questions put to thom by the select committee. Through the stupidity of the South Australian mail agent, all the cargo aud packages for Ade- laide per the Avoca are gone on to Melbourne. TUESDAY. The Hampshire, from Cardiff, has reported speaking on the 23rd September the Parerva, steamer, under sail, 329 days out, from Glasgow for New Zealand. She was out of fuel, and intended going into Pernambuco for coals. General businoss is very quiet. The news by the mail is considered favorable, ? There are inquiries for Byass's porter, and candles are firmer. The corn market is quiet. Prices are nominal with wheat at 7s., and flour at from £18 to £20. WEDNESDAY. Dr. Bleasdale is meetiug with encouraging success iu his mission to this colony. Messrs. Jones Brothers havo purchased the works of the Aerated Bread Company, aud in- tend carrying on the manufacture. The Jockey Club Races commence to-morrow. The weather is very hot. The Railways Loan Bill passed the second readiug in tho Council by the Speaker's casting vote. Mr. Strangways carriod a motion in the As- sembly for a commission of inquiry into the diseases of the cereal crops. Ho also proposes that the Government should Rupply those farmers who havo boen ruined by the rust with seed wheat. The House will probably bo adjournod to- morrow. 1 ? THURSDAY. The Governor prorogued Parliament at ouo o'clock to-day. The general elections will probably take place in March. The roport of the select committeo on tho waterworks is strongly in favor of the late en- gineer, Mr. England, The weather ÍH intensely hot, the thermometer standing at lOOdcg. in the shade. There is nothing doing either in tho import, or corn markot. FRIDAY. Very serious bush-fires have boou reported. The Bungaree Station is nearly all burnt up. Mr. M'Nein, the sub-ovorseor, has boon burut to death. The corn market is quiet. Sales of 10,000 bushels of old wheat are reported at 7s. 8d. The new wheat is very iuforior to tho old ; sales of new are reported at 6s. !)J. Flour is unaltered. Thu luuch to Dr. Blcasdalo yesterday was very successful. The woathor is cool, and threatening rain. Arrived.-Duohoss of Lancaster, from Livor pool.. QUEENSCLIFF, MONDAY. The ship Canterbury, from London, with 460 Government immigrants, was detained by the health-officer. One passenger suffering from typhoid fever, and two from gastric fever, have been landed at the sanatory station, The ship is now released, and will probably proceed to Hobson's Bay at daylight to-morrow. THURSDAY. . Mary Ann Jackson, a passenger per the Can- terbury, diod of typhoid fover at the Banatory station last night. Ahot wind has boen blowing all day; tho thermometer ranged above lOOdeg. in the shade SANDHURST, FRIDAY. The funeral of the threo boys who mot with the sad accident on the night of the illumination took place this evening. Tho largest cortège evor soon on Sandhurst, consisting of forty-throe private vellidos and sixtoon publio conveyances, with a number of horsemon, followod tho hearse containing the throe bodies. Two of them woro buriod in ouo gravo. The Hon. Mr. Sullivan, Mr. J. J. Casey, and Mr. Burrowos, M.L.A.'s, and the principal townsmen, wore present. All the principal shops woro dosed, and the flags woro half-mast high. The tolling of the fire-boll lent to tho universal gloom. ECHUCA, MONDAY. Yesterday afternoon the police here mid at Moama received intimation that a man had boon found murdorod in a mia-mia fivo milos from Moama aud about fifty miles from Deniliquin. The deed had boon douo within tho two procodiug days. There wore no signs of a struggle The skull was smashed in at the left temple, as though it had beeu done with a tomahawk or hammer. Tho head was partially scalpod, and tho scalp takon.away. No monoy was found. Tho boots had boon evidently dragged oil', and robbery was the apparent cause of the murdor. Tho body has not yot been identified, and there is no trace of the murderer. 