SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The Parliament of Victoria is again engaged in discussing a revision of the tariﬀ, a very serious addition to the taxation of the colony, through the Custom‐house, having been proposed by the Ministry. On the 5th inst., the Treasurer submitted his budget, and the discussion of its propositions still continues. As we anticipated last month, Mr. Verdon was able to state that, though the revenue for 1866 had fallen consi- derably below his expectations, the sav- ings on the votes for the year had been proportionately large. The total receipts were £3,322,887, a sum which met the expenditure, and left a balance of £1,108 to be carried forward to the service of 1867. He calculated the total revenue for the current year at £3,380,186, and the expenditure at £3,379,078, leaving a probable surplus of only £242. The Estimates sub- mitted with the Treasurer's statement embrace a great variety of Yvorks, neces- sary, no doubt, but not in all cases of pressing importance. The Treasurer put it to Parliament, however, that it was better to meet this large expenditure by fresh taxation than to postpone useful public works. The additional revenue necessary to meet this large public expenditure he proposed to obtain through the Custom- house, by an increase in the duties upon numerous imports, and by adding to the list of dutiable goods a vast variety of articles hitherto exempted. The list will be found in another column. It proceeds generally upon the substitu- tion of an ad valorem duty of ten per cent. for the measurement duties im- posed by the tariff of 1865, and of five per cent, upon all articles not specially exempted. On grain of all kinds the tariff imposes a duty of 9d. per cwt., and on flour and other preparations of grain 1s. per cwt. The published tariff, however, although now enforced, is likely to receive extensive alterations in committee. The scheme, in fact, has dissatisfied all parties. The Free-traders object to it because it reverses entirely the policy which, up to 1865, the colony had followed, and under which it had abundantly prospered ; the pro- tectionists object to it because it taxes raw materials as welI as manufac- tured imports; and the friends of the farmers are by no means satis- fied with the amount of the imposts upon breadstuff's. Numerous meetings of manufacturing tradesmen have been held on the subject ; deputation after deputation has waited upon the Com- missioner of Customs to point out objectionable phases in the scheme of which he is the author ; and the Ministry have intimated their willing ness to modify the tariff extensively in committee as regards raw materials while a suspicion has gained ground that the ultra-protectionists have been propitiated by a promise that the Cabinet will consent to the selection of fifteen or twenty articles on wliich heavy duties will be laid, to try a thoroughly protectionist experiment for the en- couragement of native industry. The debate, so far, has been distinguished mainly by the length to which honour- able members have extended theil speeches. The bad example was set by the Commissioner of Customs, whose defence of the tariff was protracted over four hours. On the last night on which the House met (Thursday), three mem- bers, of no weight whatever in the coun- try, occupied the entire evening ; and if the practice is suffered to continue, much inconvenience must follow. There seems to be little doubt, however, that the final issue of the debate will be a majority for Ministers. The " whip" has been active ; victory is assured to the Cabinet ; and the colony will he committed for the time being to a retrogressive policy. Parliament has been engaged so ex- clusively with the budget, that scarcely any other business has been considered. The introduction of the financial seheme was preceded by a protracted debate on the question of the treaty with Nev South Wales with regard to the Border Customs. The Opposition claimed that before the Assembly was asked to consent to that treaty, the financial scheme of the Ministry should be made known. The Government declined to respond to the invitation, and on a division they obtained a majority of sixteen, the numbers being forty-one to twenty-five The treaty came into operation on the 1st instant, and free-trade has now been established on the New South Wales border. Regret is felt that South Aus- tralia does not participate in the ar- rangement, that her wines may also come into Victoria duty free ; but it is not impossible, that a supplementary agree- ment, to include that colony, will be arrived at. Mr. Learmonth has succeeded Mr. Henry Miller in the representation of the South-Western Province. He was elected without opposition. A petition has been presented to the Elections and Qualifications Committee against the return of Mr. Rolfe for the same pro- vince. It is understood that Mr. Rolfe will not again take part in the business of the Legislative Council till the com- inittee has heard the evidence and ar- rived at a decision. Mr. Learmonth was Mr. Rolfe's opponent, and if the latter is unseated, it is understood that Mr. Learmonth will elect to take the vacant seat, as it will increase his term of years as a member. Mr. J. F. Sullivan, the late Minister of Mines, has returned to the colony after a short visit to America, via Panama. It is anticipated that he will be gazetted shortly as Minister of Rail- ways, an office rendered vacant by the recent retirement of Mr. Henry Miller into private life. Mr. MacBain, M.L.A., for the Wimmera, proceeds to Europe by the K.M.S. Bombay, on a visit of some duration. Mr. J. H. Brooke, formerly Minister of Lands, proceeds to Galle, by the Bombay, en route to China and Japan. An abstract of the report laid before Parliament by the Royal Commissioners on the Education question will be found in another column. Their main pro- positions are that education should be taken more directly under the control of the state, and that the department should be organised under a political head responsible to Parliament. A conference assembles in Melbourne early in March (the 4th of the month has been named) on the subject of pos- tal communication with England. The question of a fortnightly service will probably be discussed ; it will be de- termined what amount of support the various colonies will give respectively to the Panama line; and Queensland will probably ask to be assisted in recom- mencing and carrying on the mail, via Batavia and Singapore, which she main- tained for some time. The whole of the colonies will send representatives. News has been received from Tas- mania of the return of the first Tas- manian hatched salmon (from the ova imported from England) to the River Plenty, in the neighbourhood of the breeding-ponds. There seems to be no doubt of the fact. A very important and interesting experiment in acclimati- sation, therefore, has been crowned with success. The Intercolonial Exhibition closed on Saturday last. It has been singu- larly attractive. It appears that the money received for admissions has ex- ceeded £9,600, and that over 270,000 persons have visited the rooms. The weather continues warm but seasonable. Rains have fallen, refreshing the grass, and refilling the almost empty xvater-holes and reservoirs. Altogether the season has been most propitious. The December mail was delivered here punctually to contract time by the Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S.S. Geelong, which dropped anchor in the bay on the night of the 12th inst. She brought a large number of passengers from Point de Galle. On the 6th inst., on the passage, Mr. H. D. Watson, from Bombay for Syd- ney, died. The South Australian portion of the mail was brought to Adelaide by the Alexandra on the night of the 10th, but a portion of the telegraph line in our Western district having suffered from a bush- fire, a delay occurred in the transmission of our correspondent's telegraphic message, which was not published till the following day. The Ruahine, mail steamship, reached Sydney on the 4th inst., overdue, having been detained at Panama by the non-arrival of the English mail. She sailed from Panama on the 28th December, and arrived at Wel- lington on the 20th January. Amongst the passengers was the Hon. J. F. Sullivan, M.L.A., from New York. The half-yearly report of the Health Officer of the City of Melbourne has been published. It represents the site of the city to be emi- nently healthy, its population about 45,000 (meaning, of course, Melbourne proper), the houses to be mostly of brick and stone, and the social condition of the masses to be com- fortable. There are seventy miles of streets completed, from twenty-flve to thirty miles of lanes, and ten miles of streets partially formed. The great need for a system of sewerage is dwelt upon as obvious and im- perative. The parks and gardens are nume- rous, extensive, and highly picturesque ; their aggregate area, 3,073 acres. The report indi- cates various desirable sanitary improvements, and speaks favourably of a method recently adopted by the City Corporation of disposing of the town refuse by depositing it in shallow trenches in the Prince's-park reserve, and at once earthing it up with the mould removed in making the trenches. This system has been found unobjectionable and effective. The births within the city from 1st July 1866 to 31st December 1866, were 971 : deaths, 471. The vital statistics of Melbourne and suburbs for December last, show that the number of deaths for the month were 558, being 148 above the average of the same month during seven years, and also higher than any other single December during that period. The daily average of deaths m the month under review xvas eighteen. The deaths in the preceding month of November, 18GG, averaged twelve and a half daily, or not so many by five and a half per day as in De- cember. The mortality xvas relatively higher among young children, and xvas due to some epidemics then prevalent, measles being the principal. The mean temperature of the month xvas G3'3", and was identical xvitli the December average during seven years. The mean atmospheric pressure xvas a tenth of an inch higher than the average. The lirst session of the Assembly of the Church of England for 18G7, was opened on January 29, the Bight Rev. Bishop Perry, D.D., presiding. Its sittings lasted a fort- night. The principal feature of the business brought forward xvas a proposal for the subdivision of the diocese for the formation of other bishoprics, the project being that the folloxving lour new dioceses should be formed, the minimum stipend to be £1,000 a year, viz. :-A district whereof Ballarat should be the see ; Gipps Land ; a portion of country to the north east ; and the country to the south xvest, containing the toxvns of Hamilton, Portland, Belfast, and Warrnam- bool. This scheme, before being adopted, xvas modified byomitting the last clause, thus leaving that territory to form part of the Ballarat diocese. The question of fixing the boundaries xvas referred to a committee, sub- ject to the approval of the Church Assembly, The case of the Rex*. C. Booth, incumbent of Wangaratta, xvho had recently committed an act of gross cruelty to a dog in church xvhile the service was proceeding, furnished matter for several long discussions, but it xvas at length resolved to resume payment to" Mr. Bboth of the stipend xvhich had been xvith lield pending the result of his forthcoming trial before the Ecclesiastical Court. The consideration of a scheme for the constitu- tion of a chapter for the cathedral xvas de- ferred. The various charitable institutions of Melbourne have recently held their annual meetings, and in almost each case the reports presontcd showed that the de- mands made on the funds of the in- stitutions were in excess of their re- sources. The maintenance fund of the Mel- bourne Hospital xvas several thousand pounds deficient ; the Lying-in Hospital xvas abso- lutely xvithout funds ; the committee of tho Benevolent Asylum' has appointed a sub- committee to report on the possibility of still further reducing an already rigidly econo- mical system of outlay ; the Ladies' Be- nevolent Society had an excess of expen- diture over income to the extent of £3GG ; and the Immigrants' Aid Society was deficient to the amount of £375. The de- sirability of dealing .with the subject of the public charities by legislative enactment lins1 been discussed, and it is recommended that their support should bo a local charge upon tlie various municipal bodies. The weather about the commencement of the month was very_ hot, but during the last fortnight heavy rains liave fallen generally throughout the country. These have had the ' effect of extinguishing the bush fires, causing the grass to spring again,, producing great improvement in the appearance of the now swelling and ripcliing grapes, and affording a plentiful supply of water for mining opera- tions. At som« parts floods have been caused by the heavy rains, but the damage occa- sioned has been but trilling. Several of the volunteer corps have recently held their periodical meetings. From the re- ports made on these occasions it would appear that the corns ave in a sound, nourishing, im- proving condition. The regulations relating to the livo years' service certificates have been framed, and will be issued as soon as the sanction of Parliament has been ob- tained. . . The project of a combination of the City Corporation and suburban boroughs for thq ' purpose of'purchasing the Yan Yean water works has been again brought forward, and it is probable that another conference to consider the subject will soon he held. The eighth meeting of the Victorian Rule Association took place at the beginning of the month at Sandridge Butts. The principal | matches were confined to firing with the Go-, vernment rifles-i.e., the reduced bore Lan .casters, lately issued-but the novelty of the weapons and the gusty weather had an un- favourable effect upon the scores. The Chal- lenge Cup went to the Emerald-hill Corps ; and one of its members, D. M'Hutchison, won the medal of the National llifle Associa- tion of Great Britain. The City Council has fixed the amount to. be raised by rate duiing the year at £30,000, which will have to be provided for by a Is. rate, as last year. The total revenue of the Town Fund for the year, exclusive of rates, is estimated at £30,380, which is principally, made up from the markets and revenue, from publicans', wine merchants', and cabmen's licences. The estimated expenditure is £0-1,640, of which £19,100 is for public works. The council has further resolved not to pro- ceed with any new work calculated to cost ' more than £25, till the city overdraft, now < amounting to £24,000, shall have been reduced to £10,000. The third annual meeting of the friends of the Melbourne Home was held on the 22nd inst. ; the Mayor of Melbourne pre- ' siding. It appeared from the report and the statements of the various speakers that the institution is in a languishing condition, through lack of funds. It was warmly com- mended for the amount of good it had effected even with the limited means at command ; and a much larger moasure of utility was pre- dicted for it when the committee are able to secure the erection of a permanent house, free from rent. Mr. A'Beckett stated that al site had been obtained, and a sum of £300 subscribed towards the realisation of that1 object. With double that amount, and a grant-in-aid from the Government, the com- mittee weie of opinion they might commence, the building by ahout the end of the present year. At the last meeting of the Royal Society, Professor M'Coy exliibited three birds, two of which were new to science, and one new to Victoria. These were an exceedingly beautiful egrette, the bristle bird, and a new species of pardolalus. He subsequently gave a dissertation on some Australian fossils, as illustrating his previously expressed views on the cretaceous formation. A paper on, meteorology by Mr. Groves, gave rise to a¡ lively debate, the author's theory being con- troverted by several speakers, i A very interesting lecture on "The Expo-, riences of an Australian in Europe " was de- livered on the 4th inst., inSt.George's-hall,! -by Mr. Gavan Duffy.. The lecturer did not! touch on political topics, and his address was, devoted mainly to descriptions of those social li abits and practices prevailing in the southern | .countries of Europe which might with ad-| ' vantage he adopted in Australia. Regarded i in this respect, as an attempt by an intelli- gent observer to supplement our short expe- rience by an adoption of the experience of older nations similarly situated as to climate and other natural conditions, and. to select and convey from that observation the practical conclusions to which it led, the lecture was most successful, and has received Y'ery favourable recognition from the press and the public. At the conclusion of the last quarterly meeting of the City Council, the mayor en- tertained the members of the corporation and a number of friends at luncheon in the Town-hall. Captain Luce and the officers of the Esk were amongst the guests. The first anniY'ersary dinner of the Vic- torian Manufacturers' Association took place on Monday last, at St. George's-hall. About seventy persons attended. A disorderly scene occurred on the evening of Saturday, the 10th inst., while Mr. M'Cann, M.L.A., was addressing a meeting of his constituents at Geelong. During the course of his address he Yvas repeatedly interrupted by Mr. H. Meyler, Geelong reporter for a Melbourne contemporary, and the expression ' ' liar" was several times applied to him and the chairman by Mr. Meyler. The latter after- wards went behind Mr. M'Cann as he was speaking, and struck bim on the back of the head two or three times. The incitement to this assault appeared to be the expression, " the blackguards of the press," used by the speaker during his remarks. Meyler was aïtenvards brought before the police court, and fined £2, with £2 2s. costs, with the option of a month's imprisonment. A complimentary dinner has been given at Williamstown to Mr. Thomas Stewart, J.P., one of the oldest residents of the borough, on the occasion of his departure from the colony, on a visit to Europe. The hon. the Treasurer, Mr. G. P. Verdon, C.B., occupied the chair, and amongst the company were Captain Luce, of II.M.S. Esk, Colonel Ander- son, Colonel Rede, Mr. Claud Farie, Mr. Call, P.M., Mr. M'Lean, Mr. Hutton, and Mr. J. V. P. L. Foster. The annual meeting of the Acclimatisation Society of Victoria was held on the 22nd inst., ïlis Excellency the Governor being in the chair. The report of the council, which was unusually interesting, was adopted, but no other business of consequence was transacted. A rather important motion, having reference to the establishment of a zoological collection at the Royal-park, was proposed by Professor M'Coy, but withdrawn, with the view of having the matter fully discussed at a special meeting. A great deal of interest is being attracted in various parts of the country to different schemes of railway communication, the want of which is felt the more from the fact that the possession of the advantages afforded by stich communication is seen to contribute so much to the prospeiity of tho districts thus faY'oured. An influential meeting has been held at Deniliquin by the supporters of the Murray and Darling Railway, who passed resolutions in favour of further and activó prosecution of their object. A meeting lias been held at Chiltern, and others are to be held at the neighbouring towns, with a view of securing railway communication with Melbourne. It is intended to hold a public meeting in Melbourne on behalf of the same course. Then the promoters of the Ballarat and Bullarook Railway have their bill now coming under the consideration of Parlia- ment. The Hamilton district is also agitating for a similar object, and an important con- ference is to he held there at au early elate to con sider the subject. Some months ago Messrs. Hoskins and Simmonds, then co-partners as lessees of theatres m Melbourne, projected an art union, with prizes of considerable amount, advertising it as with the permission of the Attorney-General. . The public took, tickets for several months, but the prizes promised have never been distributed. A series of questions were put in the Legislative Council a fortnight ago to the lion, member repre- senting the Government, by Jlr. Fawkner, as to the rules relating to the licensing of public lotteries, and the case above referred to in particular. The reply was couched in rather curious terms. It set forth that since a recent decision in the Supreme Court the law is practically inoperative for the prohi- bition of lotteries ; and proceeded :-" While the law remains as at present, Chinese gamblers, promoters of church and charity bazaars, and all other < persons ad- dicted to this kind of criminal amuse- ment, Yvill enjoy practical immunity." It xvas added that the leave given by-.tlic; Attorney-General in the case in question,' upon representations made to him, xvas- after-! xvnrds xvithdraxvn, anti the sale of tickets pro«, hibited. Persons xvlio took tickets xvere1 lefciTed to their legal advisers respecting the' liability of the promoters. > A concert in memory of the late Sigijoi' Cutolo, and on behalf of his xvidoxv. .xvasj given on Thursday evening at the Theatre] Hoya), under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, the lion. Lady Manners Suttpn.i their family, and suite. A largo number of the fashionable xvorld of the metropolis and suburbs also attended, and the concert xvas most successful. The calendar of prisoners tried at the recent sittings of the Ballarat Circuit Court was a very heavy one, and three prisoners, were convicted of capital crimes and sentenced to death. One of these was named Dennis Murphy, who was charged with murder- ing Patrick O'Mara at the commencement of the year in Bullarook Forest. The evidence was complex, supported by a very large num- ber of witnesses, most of whom could not depose to more than one or two circumstances connected with the case, and was in its character wholly circumstantial. The trial lasted two days, when the prisoner was found "Guilty," and sentence of death passed upon him. The charred remains, supposed to he those of O'Mara, not being sufficiently complete to enable the medical witnesses to say whether they were those of ,a male or female, the legal point involved by this defi- iciency was reserved by the judge. The other condemned prisoners were Ah Poy, convicted ! of the murder of a miner named M'Ginley, at Scarsdale, and John Hughes, for committing a capital assault on a child of tender years. Some serious accidents occurred on the Talbot racecourse nt the late meeting. Seve- ral persons whociowdedon the course as soon as the first horses had passed, were knocked down by another horse folloxving at full speed. One was lulled, anothemmuch in- jured, and one or two others slightly hurt. A jockey also xvas thrown on his head, and sustained concussion of the brain. H.M.C S.S. Victoria has resumed surveying operations off the Cape Otway coast. 11 The ship Holmsdale brought to .the colony twenty-four eighty-pounder rifled guns, witji a due proportion of powder, shell, fuses, &&,; also a sample of converted sixty-eight« pounder carriage, to serve as a guide to tlic artificers in the Local Military Store depart- ment in the alteintion of the carriages now in the batteries, so as to adapt them for the ncxv guns. A large number of land selections have been taken up near Albury since free trade across the Murray has been established. Meetings have been held in toxvn to,oppose the Public Heal th Bill now before'Parliameut, in so far as the adoption of any particular description of manure-deodorising process xvas to be made compulsory. In some parts of the country the common bec is taking very kindly to the natural forest, and the sxvarms are multiplying so fust that bee-hunting is becoming a very re- munerative recreation, from sixty to ninety pounds of pure honey being sometimes taken from one tree. Their fecundity is greatest xvhere the blossoms of the Kum and wattle trees are the richest. Our Botanic-garden possesses a fine speci- men of the great xvater-lily (Victoria Regia), xvhich is at present in lloxver, and is viewed with great interest. Nothing bearing on the fate of the explorer Dr. Leichardt has been hitherto elicited by the search party, xvho at last advices xvere on Julia Creek, Carpentaria. Their leader, Mr. W. F. Sloman, xvho succeeded the late Sir. Duncan M'lntyie, has died from the effect of a sun-stroke, and Mr. W. F. Barnett has been appointed to the command of the expedition. The Adam Bay settlement, at the north of Australia, has been abandoned. The explor- ing party left Adam Bayon the 11th January, .by the steamer Eagle, reached Sydney in a voyage of eighteen days, and. carno on to Mel- bourne on their xvay to.Adiîlaide, on the 1st instant, sailing for their destination on the following day. They numbered thirty-one; and xvere accompanied- by eleven returning members of M'Kinlay'a expedition. The country adjacent.to their place ofv.sotttc "inent is spoken of in high terms, and particu- larly Port Doxvn, xvhich is said to possess n harbour equal to any in the Australian colo nies. Some horscsnnd cattle xvere left behind' and it was thought that their progeny may be 1 found useful to future explorers. A few buf- faloes, from the Dutch settlement of Timor, had also been liberated. One of the return- ing party, named John Young, met xvith hu death xvliile at this port, by a fall down tin companion staiis of the vessel. Captain I Cadell,, the introducer of steam n'avi I gation on the Mulray, proceeds immediately 1 to the northern territory, to explore it, and fix upon a proper site for the capital. Tin Australasian Steam Navigation Company'.' ' steamer Eagle, chartered for six months, i has been placed at his service, and he pro ceeds, via Sydney, in a few days. From returns obtained from the comp troller of savings-banks and from the secrc 1 tary to the Post-oflico we gather the following facts :-The amount of deposits in the Post 1 oilice savings-banks xvas at the beginning oJ 18G6, £15,407 19s, Gd. ; and on the 31st De comber last, £57,501 10s, 2d. The deposit! in the other savings-banks amounted, or the 30th June, 18GG, to £G42,028 13s. 2d. ; and on the 31st December, to £G01,069 10s. 8d, Thus, xx'hile there xvas au increase in tlu Post-oflice banks of £42,033 10s. 8d. tlurint 18GG, there xvas a decrease during tlu last half of the year in the other banks ol £40,959. During the recent dry xveather the conntrj around Geelong has been much ravaged bj swarms of grasshoppers, which attacked tin gardens, the orchards, und in some places tin vineyards, causing great destruction. The) also devoured the foliage, and even the barí of the alder trees, visited the laurels, and finally, stripped the oaks, leaving not a ves tige of green on them. A small but very beautiful diamond has been found in a claim at Young's Creek, neal Beechworth. The stone is perfectly white and the crystallisation xvell defined. It is tin second diamond found on that creek. Eight years ago fourteen rabbits were turned out in Mr., Austin's estate of Barwon- Park. The number of their progeny shot last year on this estate was 14,253; and in spite of this destruction, and what goes on outside the estate, they have swarmed over the neighbouring country, and have been found at considerable distances around. The miners at Huntly, near Sandhurst have struck work, xvith a viexv of resistini a proposed addition of on hour to their dny'i , xvork, at present nine hours in length. TIM question has been in dispute about threi xveeks. Mr. John Noone, xvho has filled the posi tions during the last six years of councillor chairman, and mayor of East Collingxvood has received tho honour of a cumplimentar* banquet, on the occasion of his retiremêni from his connexion xvith the council. XA testimonial was presented to bim by- tlu council, and also a puree of sovereigns, sub scribed for that purpose. Her Majesty's screw steam corvette Es1 arrived here from Sydney on the 30th ult,' after an absence of nineteen months iron this port. She is still commanded by Captait John P. Luce, R.N., H.M.S. Challenger, witl Commodore Maguire on board, arrived in tb( bay on Saturday last. Captain Osborne, of the brig Jane Bell, liai succeeded in safely conveying txventy-one o: the "gouramicr," the famous fresh-water lis] of the Mauritius, to these shores. They nn for South Australia, but three have been pro sented to a gentleman at Mount Moriac. . I only as proving the possibility of their safi conveyance, this success is valuable. The bushrangers xvho were believed to havi been concerned in the late murder of foui detective policemen in New South Walei have been hotly chased, the reward of £5,001 offered for their apprehension adding stimuli*1 to the efforts of their pursuers. It is sup posed that they have been chased across tin borders into Gipns Lund, Victoria. One o them, knoxx-n as the "Long Tailor," has beet found dead in the bush, having been kill« by riding against a tree while pursued by tin troopers. The Gipps Land police are on tin alert, and some troopers hax-o riddon off t< scour the country near the borders. A jockey named Joe Gregory, while ridinj for Mr. George Watson, a week ago, at tin Heidelberg races, met xvith injuries by lui horse falling xvith him and on him, fron which he has sinco died. A destructive fire occurred on the night o the 15th inst. in Bourke-street cast, xvhen thi fchops of Mr, Ninnis, xvatchmaker ; Mr .Baker, confectioner ;.and Mr. Ervin, draper, .were, with nearly the whole of their contents, destroyed. The stock of Mr. Ninnis was in- sured for £2,000, and the other places Yvere also insured. The proximity of the fire to the llnymarkct Theatre occasioned some little alarm to the audience there present. About a month, ago two dwellinghouses in Victoria-strept were destroyed by fire, but the amount of the damage was not very ex- tensive. The Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manu- facturing Company's buildings, on the banks of the Barwon, are now all but finished, and the erection of the machinery is being ac- tively, proceeded with. Harvest, thurjksgiving services have beem celebrated at several churches in town and ' country. f On the 1st inst. Albury rejoiced over the ' abolition of the border customs. The cele- bration was of the usual character, with this novelty, that the German vignerons dealt put wine to all comers Yvith great liberality. # A young German woman, named Kupsch, living at Germantown, near Geelong, has been found guilty by a coroner's jury of the' mur- ' der of her infant child, by strangulation, on the 15th inst. . A vein of coal,,.fr'om two to three feet thick, has been struck.dn the River Latiohc, about twenty miles above Sale. THE BUDGET. The following is an abstract of the speech of 'tlje Treasurer (Mr. Verdon) in introducing the.Budget for the current year. It was made in the Assembly on the 5th inst. : . He was glad to say there was no deficiency in the accounts of lost year. They would commence 18G7 with a balance to credit of £1,108, the total receipts being £3,322,887 ; and the expenditure, including supplemen- tary estimates, £3,321,779. The most no- table circumstance in connexion with the firtanccs fop-1866 was the deficiency which had:. talton place in the Customs dc partment.^especially in the items of wines, spirits, ;becr, tobacco, and cigars. Coming to the' new duties, he compared the receipts Yvith the estimate for the portion of the year during which these imposts Yvere collected, the result showing that theie was an increase over the estimate of £4,G90, the decreases amounting to £20,409, and the increases to £25,105. Comparing the re- > ceipts. from the several items of revenue with the estimate formed at the begin- ning of the year, it appeared that there was a deficiency in the Customs revenue of £88,309. There was an increase in the excise of £12,973, and in the teuitorial revenue of £35,840. .In the public works department there was a deficiency of £20,937, on the ports and harbours nu increase of £40, on postage of £5,397, on fees of £4,980, on lines and forfei- tures a decrease of £10,173, and on miscel- laneous items an increase of £29,683. The total increases amounted to £88,913, and the decreases to £119,419 ; showing a net falling off in the revenue, as compared with the esti- mate, of £30,508. Comparingvtlie Customs returns of 18GG with those ofv 1805, it appeared there Yvas a 'deficiency - of £75,853. Under the head of excise there was an increase of £S,2G9 ; in territorial, there wies an increaso of £42,700 ; in tho income from public works, an increase of £23,041 ; and on ports and harbours, of £1,GG0. Under the head of postage there was a decrease of £0,850, on fees of £0,398, and on lines and forfeitures of £17,912 ; wThilst on miscel- laneous items, there was an increase of £3,114. Thus, the revenue for 1800 was £31,222 less, than that for 18G5, the respective amounts being £3,077,319 and £3,040,097. There wore, -however, piobable further receipts, amounting to £50,892. The authorised expenditure for 18G0 was £2,370,073, and the special appropriation £1,120,000, making a total of £3,490,G73. The actual expenditure, including supplemen- tary estimates of £110,000, was £3,321,073. The actual expenditure was, therefore, £169,000 less than the amount authorised by the House. ;He believed, that it wits the duty of the 'Government to expend all the money voted by the House, but if the House Y-oted moneys after being informed that there Yvere no funds with Yvhich to defray the ex- penditure, then the fault lay with the House and not with the Government. In 1800 the amount voted, in addition to the Estimates submitted by the Government, was £172,433. Ho thought the time had come when the House should consider whether it would maintain the present system of expenditure, or agree to a radical change, for it could not be concealed that they could no longer proceed as they had been in the habit of doing. Comparing the expenditure of 1800 with that required for 18G7, it ap- peared that whilst salaries and wages had been actually leduced to the amount of over £200,000 per annum, other items, and particulaily special appropriations, had largely incrcaseel ; so that the ac- counts stood for the first period £3,315,307, and for the last £3,379,944. The House had now to decide as to what should be done. Was the House inclined to reduce the expenditure by crossing out large Y'otes, such as those for roads and»bridges, municipalities, and charitable institutions, or rather, to bring the revenue up to the required expenditure V He thought the House would not consent to reduce these votes, which gave the best ovidence of the wealth and prosperity of the colony. In former years there had been a coubi derable balance lying over from thj pre- ceding twelvemonths. That was not now the ease. Tho balance to credit was only £1,108, so that the expenditure for 1807 would have to be provided for by 18G7. The next question, therefore, Yvas the ways and means. The estimated revenue for the year was-from spirits, £500,000 ; wine, £40,000 ; beer and cider, £32,000 ; tobacco and snuff, £134,000 ; cigars, £10,000 ; tea, £70,000 ; sugar and molasses, £84,000 ; coffee and chicory, £15,000 ; opium, £18,000 ; rice, £15,000 ; hops, £8,000 ; malt, £8,000 ; wharfage and harbour rates, £95,000 ; export duty on gold, £40,000 ; dried fiuits, £1G,000 ; butter and cheese, £9,500 ; candles, £18,500 ; bacon, lard, and hams, £3,500 ; soap and starch, £2,000 ; confectionery, £2,000 ; ma- caroni and vermicelli, £000 ; preserved meats and fish, £4,750; salt, £3,250; vinegar, £2,050 ; vurnish, £1,000 ; saíted provisions, £3,500 ; doors, &c;, £1,000 ; plate, of gold and silver, £400, He now carno to au item to which he would direct their particular atten- tion, £18,750, from grain and pulse, which it was proposed to derive from 9d. per cvvt. on all grain. Thurn would also be a duty of Is. per cwt. on all manufactured grain, which would give £8,000 more. The Government had decided to withdraw this item from the operation of an ad valorem duty of live per cent., which they intended to propose upon all articles not specially exempted or otherwise dealt with. There wore many reasons why a fixed duty was preferable to an ad valorem upon grain and Hour. Ono was because an ad valorem duty would prove heaviest just when it Yvas most desirable it should be the reverse. There was no wish to wage a war of tariffs with South Australia, and the Government hoped that the negotia- tions would be so successful that ono com- mon tariff might be adopted for the two colonies. For the measurement duties now in existence it was proposed ?*o substi- tute an ad valorem duty of ten per cent. Proceeding with his statement, it was, he said, expected to obtain under the new ar- rangement ;-from millinery, £10,000; apparel and slops, £50,000 ; boots and shoes, £23,000 ; hosiery and gloves, £15,500 ; hats, caps, and bonnets, £21,000 ; saddles and harness, £4,400 ; watches > and jewels, £5,500: silk, .£35,000. In silk, it was proposed to include everything in which silk was used in the manufacture. They anticipated to get for musical instru- ments, £3,000 ; carriages, £1.000 ; glass and glassYvare, £5,000; furniture and toys, £9,000 ; brushware and wickerwork, £2,500 ^eurthon ware,£5,000 ; oilmcn'sstorcs, £14,000 ; woollens and blankets, £3,000 ; carpeting, £1,000 ; oils, on which a duty would also be imposed of Od. per gallon, £20,000 ; flour, £8,000 ; and from the ad valoremdwiy of five per cent., £135,000 ; making up the total Customs revenue to £1,532,055, subject to a reduction of £00,000 to be paid New South Wales. From excise they expected to lcceive £38,000 ; the territo- rial income was estimated at £801,000 ; the revenue from public works at £721,500 ; from ports and harbours at £19,000 ; feo. £07,808 ; fines and forfeitures, £9,855 ; and from mis- cellaneous items, £124,200 ; making a total of £3,379,078. The result would be, that whilst they proposed to expend for next year, as per Estimates, £2,245,499,- and special appropria- tions, £1,134,445, the total revenue, including the balance from 18GG of £1,108, xvould be £3,380,180, leaving a nominal balance to be carried over to 18G8 of £242. The additional Tevemterequircdmight, perhaps, have been ob- tained from either direct taxation, or to a cor .tain extent from a stamp duty, but both these means in a ncxv country such ¡is Victoria .xvould bo troublesome and inconvenient. Therefore, to make up the reductions in the receipts from wines and spirits, the export duty on gold, and especially to guard against the, undue sacrifice of the public lands by auction, it had been determined by the Go- vernment to'raise the required sum in the manner specified. The Government had not thought lit, both for commercial and finan- cial reasons, to rcmox'e nny of the taxes im- posed last year. Instead of doing this, some of them had practically been doubled ; and, xvith a view to assimilate our tariff to that of New South ¡Wales, it had been resolved;'to raise a lump sum by an ad valorem duty of five per cent. In accordance with the wishes of some bon. members, the hon. gentleman then rend statistics shoxving that the balance iii the post-office savings banks had increased-from £18,000 in January 18GG, to £00,000 in January 1807. He concluded by moving the formal resolution. . THE-ESTIMATES FOR'lSG7. ? The folloxving summary xvill afford some infoniiation as to the items embraced in the Estimates submitted to Parliament for the service of the current year :-The salaries and wages are set doxvn at £697,102; the depart- mental contingencies, £700,553, and "allother (office) expenditure," £847,783. The special appropriations amount to £1,134,444 ; but they embrace £513,100 for interest on the railvyay loans, £220,000 for endowments. to road districts, and £70,000 for immi- gration. In the Chief Secretary's depart- ment the folloxving occur, among other votes ¡-Legislative Assembly, £9,950 ; Par- liamentary library, £3,400; police, £217,559; hospitals for the insane, £61,174; Public Library, £0,425 ; Botanic-gardens, £0,535; National Museum,. £3,955 ; industrial and reformatory schools, £3G,282 ; aborigines, £8,500; education, £1G1,G18. In the Attorney General's department, the cost of the titles office is £9,710 ; and of the sheriff's office, £18,273. Police magistrates wo find cost £33,350, and coroners £8,G50. The Trea- surer proposes to absorb £33,125 for defences. The Victoria xvill require £10,878 ; the naval training ship is set doxvn for £5,000; the military figure for £18,000 ; the marine sur- vey (in addition to the Victoria, now engaged in that service), £2,500 ; charitable institu- tions, £75,000 ; transport, £4,000 ; advertising, £8,000; and the Government printer, £54,091. In the department of Croxxii Lands xve lind £G3,371 set down for the survey, sale, and management of Crown lands ; £10,000 for contract surveys; £2,500 for surveys'of runs; £2,810 for the Observatory ; ami £4,000 for botanic gardens in country districts. The Commissioner of Public Works requires £379,120 for xvorks and buildings ; £18,234 foi public works, and £8,501 for Melbourne sewers ; and watery supply. The Commissioner of : Customs asks £3,985 for distilleries, and ¡ £l,485ifor salaries and contingencies in con« ! nexion xvith immigration. The cost of post pihççsrjs_£83,020; mail service, £05,000; and ; electric telegraphs,. £42,975. The amount j put doxvn. for railwny.Syia.<-, £27.3,240 ;. 'and . for roads and bridges, .£08,745. For the Mining department,. £24,190 is asked; for I the geological survey, £9,003 ; and for ; xvater reservoirs (office expenses, xvu pre- sume), ' £2,900.. The total number of civil servants to be provided for is 1.G07, at a cost of £103.57G. There arc 730 in the ordinary Service (cost, £230,838), and G2 in the profes- sional service (cost, £32,575), 45 iu Schedule II. (cost, £27,400). and 830 in Schedule III. (cost,,£112,763). From the yotes, as.proposed to be taken in detail, xve select the folloxyiug, ? as among the moro interesting :-Farliamc.n ' tnry draftsman, £800 :-allowances for vacci- nation, £4,750; collecting and compiling agricultural statistics, £2,500. In the item of police xve* find this note to .the sum set doxvn for the pay of 9S0 con ? stables-" less reduction in pay of Is. per day in the case of men under one year's service ; say eighty men, £1,460." For the burial of destitute persons £2,000 is wanted ; for the relief or destitute prisoners on discharge, £300 ; medical officer of the industrial schools at Sunbury, £100 ; health officer at Queens- cliff, £578 ; central board of health, £500 ; medical superintendents of the lunatic asylums at Beeuhxvorth and Ararat, at the rate of £500 each per annum ; expense of publishing a work on Australian plants (by Dr. Muelle**), £375 ; National Museum (including taxidermist, collector, model maker, and mechanical draftsman), £1,455 ; "specimens, models, books, stores, occa- sional clerical assistance, and to defray the expense of publishing decades illus- trating the natural history and paliuon tology of Victoria," £2,500; provisions for industrial and reformatory schools, £10,000 ; to be dispensed by the Board of Agriculture, £0,000 ; to the Acclimatisation Society, on the usual condition of private subscription, £2,950; commissions of inquiry, £1,000; secretary to the Laxv department, .£010; in aid of maintaining a military baud, £800 ; the Victorian Kille Association, £300 ; compensation to Mr. Willis, in consequence of loss cf xvnrer-poxx-cr to his mill by the con- struction of the Yan Yean reservoir, £000 ; compensation, to the family of the late Mr. Henry Facey Hurst, xvho was shot by the bushranger Burke, £400 ; rexvard to Joseph Abbott for the capturo of Burke, £100 ; to John Usher, jim., for services as a surveyor, £179 ; for the geodetic survey, £10,000 ; for the purchase of Cole's and Kalcigh's wharves and premises, £35,000 : St. Kilda jetty, £1,250 ; jetty at Mordialloc, £500 ; jcity at Balnarring (Western Port), £400 ; harbour improvements at Belfast, £3,000 ; do, at Williamstown, £2,000 ; do. at Warrnambool, £3,000 ; removing rocks at Arthur's Seat (if £250 is provided locally), £500; towards the graving-dock at Williamstown, £30,000 ; towards the nexv lunatic asylum at Kew, £10,000 ; at Beechworth, £10,000 ; at Ararat, £34,000 ; towards buildings and other xvorks for reforma tory or industrial schools, £15,000 : for a line of telegraph betxveen Sale and Bairnsdale, £2,500 ; tor a telegraph from Casterton to the South Australian boundary, en roide to Penola, £1,200 ; new Go- vernment printing-office at Melbourne, £10,000; approaches to tho Treasury build- ings, £5,000 ; additions, and repairs to tim Victoria Barracks,'. £7,000 ; for the residence of the oflicer commanding the troops, £2,500; nexv General Post- office, Melbourne, £2,000; fittings and furniture for the nexv General Post- office, ¡64,200 ; to assist the 'borough councils of East Collingwood and Richmond in surface clrainago and sanitary xvorks, £5,000; extension of water supply in city and suburbs, £5,000 ; townrds a new main pipe from Preston, £20,000 ; for preliminary surveys of those portions of the colony in xvhich it may be desirable to construct rail- roads or tramways, £2,500 ; estimated cost of purchasing lands, or compensating owners of alienated lands inundated by the overflow of Lake Modexvarre, £1,000 ; for roads outside of shires, boroughs, and road board districts, £50,000 ; and to assist prospectors for coal, £1,000. These* items xvill give an idea' of the large and liberal xvay in xvhich Victoria Bpeiids her money. THE INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION. Except the actual close of the Intercolonial Exhibition, an account of which is an item of this day's news, the most interesting event of the month in connexion with it has been the distribution of the prizes on last St. Valentine's Day. The awards xvere then made by His Excellency the Governor, and the ceremonial xvas elaborate and highly effective. It was the culminating point in the history of the affair, and, folloxving tho precedent set'at the International Exhibition of London in 1862, a great effort was made to mark and dignify the occasion. The northern court was selected tis tho place in which thu ceremony was to tako place. A handsome pavilion and open marquees were erected there, and all that Hags, music, the dresses of the ladies and the military, and the presence of about 15,00 persons, includ mc, the leading officials of the colony, the members of the Législature the Jurors and exhibitors could do to make the scene im Sessivc was done Shortly after tnopm, is Lxcellcncy. iscoited by the Prince of \\\ ales troop of Light Horse under Captain Purchas (hove up to the Public Library cntiancc when ht YY as met by the commis- sioners headed foi the time by Sir lianas Murphy 1 assinc through tilt Y anous courts, the patty proceeded m a sort of x>roc ssion to thcclais Bisidcslhsl xcellcncy Lady Manners Sutton and daiifchtcrs thcie were his sou and private secretary his aide de camp and the follow mt commissioners -Sn 1 rancis Murphy Dr Rleasdak Mi C L Bright Mr Bmdon Count de Castelnau Dr Mueller Piofessoi M Coy the non C I Teunu the lion W Degraves Mr Cope and Mr J G hnight the sicrttaiy In the surioundinç kioup Yvcit Lieut Col IreYOi 11th Regí nient, Lieut Col Smith, Royal Aitillery, Colonel Anderson of the Volunteer Force and sev oral officers of the garrison But few of the foreign consuls and none of the judges or Cabinet Ylnusteis excepting Yh Bmdon wert to be obsciud llicn absence was mainly due to an accidental delay in sending lound the imitations As boon us the National Anthem plaj ed hy the He id quarteis Band and the b nul of the 14th who wcie in attendance was finished Sir Tronus Murphy stepped forward and thanking nis Excellency for the honoui of his piesence on the occasion todeclait tho avv ards of the pri/ts hoped the performance of the duty would ht a pleasure Hemtro duced to His 1 \cellency the Rev J T Blcasdalc DD executive commissioner foi junes Di Bleasdalt then lead the following le poit txplunatoiy of the. vy ork undertaken by the juiois in connexion with the Lxlnbi lion - "Y-oui Excellency Ladies and Gentle men As special commissioner for juries it has been deemed fitting that I should oller a few remarks on the manna m which the juries liav e been constituted and the lcsult of then un cstigation Gi cat pains were taken by the commis sion to select and secute the scivices of mui of acknowledged fitness to actasjurois ni the several sub divisions of the classes It is my honourable and most Oorccablt duty to assuie'ioui ] xcclleney, and ladies and feen tlenien that the commissioners feel ptculiai satisfaction and happiness in hay me, seemed the sei vices of jurois thoroughly lehablo , and still more that those gentlemen whethei lesident in Melbourne oi m the niteiior. Inn e dev oted an amount of caie time and laboiu to then investigations which deni vnds, hifchei priuse than is left m niv power to bestow Hie exhibits wcie i anted mulei six classes- Minimi piodects Animal pro ducts Agricultural hoi tieultural and m digenous Y cgetablt pioducts Ylanufactures and tht useful arts the Ornamental arts and Yliichmery These were di vided into thntysix. sections and sub bcctions The number of jurors cnc,a0cd ni the niv estigation of the objects hclontint tc* these divisions amounted to 224 several acting on mon than one jury lo all these gentlemen I now as special commissioner foi jurors bet, to tender publie thanks I he list of aw aid s to be handed to your Lxcellcncy lcpicscnts but a portion of the labouis of the juiois , as m addition they lm c aheady picpared oi have m course of picpniation icportsfull of interesting mattel concciinng the objects of thin si vu al »te tions These will he published undi i my supeivision and issued to the public as quicklj as possible and then tollcttcd into q, volumt-not it is to bo hoped without a peimanent interest both hue and m other countries lins will be the propci occasion for doing justice to the works of individuals, w Inch though good in many inspects, wi le jet not deemed vi oi thy of tho highest distmc tion One half of the value of this Evlnbi lion will be lost to the public if this penna nont îeeoid be not lcndered trustwoithy m eveij sense 1 he aw aids now piescnted ai i in the mam complete and will notboaltticd It is how eva possible that with all the taie btstovv ed by the jurors some objects of im poitance may have escaped notict Should such be the case I may underilla on then behalf to promise that they w ill still hi open to considci such exceptional cases and to deal w lth them ni a supplemcntaiy issue It may aflouljouil xeell ney some idea of the extent of the honoiniy labouis undei taken by the juiois when I minnon that they commenced then woik of examination on the 20th of Dcccinboi and have continued it without nitcnnib ion up to the present lîelj nig upon the accumulated expûiionce of the iiuthontits connected with tin Gieafc 1 xlnbition of 1802. we deeidcd that only one descuption of medal should be aw aided foi excellence w hetty ci it was found without ltfeitnce to competition betwei n exhibitors , mid in cases whcie it was asceitiiined that aiticlcs possessed excellence of a kind which dibiived a special mention without how evei being up to the stiuuhud which would, entitle them to a medal it was decided to aw aid them certifie ites undei the title of honoui able mention 1 he nuinlx-i of medals voted by the linois amount at piesent to (iii and the honouiable mentions to about 071 It is peisonally uatifyint to me to put on îecoid that dünne, the whole time I have had the pltasuit of acting w ith tht uuors nothing h is trnnspned to min the good feeling which tluy in conjunction as it seems with all classes of the community have tv inced to w al ds the success of this entei prise and as a pi oof of the ii] picciatioii of the publie in this icspict I may inform join 1 xcelltnev that since the opcnim, of the 1 xlnbition on the 22ul of Octobci lost up to the piesent day theie hav e been 212 892 admissions ltgistcicd at the doois and that the uioss lccoipts ni eluding 4 074 season ticket holdeis amount up to date to £9120 I cannot conclude this shoit addicss without iccoidine, my most heal ty thanks to oin secietiuj and inanagci Mi T (j Knight who has bien untning in Ins cffoits to assist juiois m then labouis and to whose talents tact ind expentiut tht success of the Exlu bition ow i s so much Befoie lctnint I beg one moment satten tion to a matter not altotethi i unconiiccteil with this subji ct vi/ the future utilisation of these fine picnnses May I hope that the publie have now so thoioughly kaineil the value of an exhibition that they will heartily co-operate in perpetuating this great national woik as a jcimancnt exhibition-an evei open and lustini, evpontnt of oin industries our scientific disiovcnes oui onward progress m the exciting milich of lclineinent and civi hsiition' Am I loo sanguine when I wish and hope thus much foi Victoria under the blessing and guidance of that fcood provi- dente of God which has as we may piously bchev e so abundantly seconded oin ciïoi ts hithcito' IOHNJ BIEYSDYLE Special Commissioner for lunes His Pxcelh ney rcpheil as follows - Mi 1 xccutivc Commissioner - In expiessint the satisfaction with which I rcceiY e from you this report of the mode ni which the junis have been constituted, and then proceedings I wish to cony ey through? jou to the jurors my very high appreciation of the spirit of self devotion to the public service tY meed by them m accepting duties; so arduous and delicate as those which they have undertaken and m devoting to the pcrformanci of these honorary duties then varied attainment« and their y aluablt time J I fully concur in tin estimate winch you have lonned of the services of the sécré- tai y and manager Mr knifoht whose dutit«. successfully discharged by him have de- manded genual information, patience energy and industry each und all in a very high degree 3 And' if on this occasion I do not neil tion m succiSBion the names of othir gentle men YY ho have m my opinion entitled tbcni scK es to public approbation for their labours m lonncMon with this Lxhihition it is because public opinion not ni tins colony alone hut also m the neighbouring colonies and tountnts has already pronounced tho 1 xlnbition a great and brilliant success L theiefore think it right to refrninfrom touch- ing ni j articular on any one of the munir ous topics of self congratulation affoided by the exhibition to those who planned it snp poited it conti ibuted to it and have ron den d it i success 4 But before I proceed m accoidaneo with the rcquestof the commissioners to dis tribute to the exhibitors the awards of the jurors, I dcsircL-tO; express« my..vfulj. and/ entire concurrence'in* "tko'-opinión, seaforth in your report-thatithe permanent value* of> the Exhibition xvould be materially impaired, and that full, justice xvould not xbe, done to the exhibitors, if a record, trustworthy in cvery sense, xvere not preserved of the nume lous and varied exhibits xvhich, _ although not deernetLxxjorthy pf the highest distinction, aie yetWiieritoiious, ? xvith the explanatory remarks and detailed information which the jurors in each section and sub- section are so .xvell" s qualified to afford on the subjects re -ferrcd respectively to them. "' r " '5. And for the colonies and communities .xvho'have contributed to this Exhibition I anticipate from the publication of the reports jioxv in preparation of the jurors, not only additional proofs of the already recognised richness of this collection of specimens of "natural xvcalth and of industrial products, .but a new stimulus here to industrial and 'scientific progress, and an enhanced reputa- tion throughout the world, both for natural resources and the poxx*cr of developing those resources." ' Dr. Blcnsdale then presented to His Ex- cellency the various chairmen and jurors of the sections, in as nearly as possible their proper older. The chairman of each section handed his report to His Excellency. The ceicmony xvas then regarded as over; and "after taking the opportunity to present the prizes obtained at the late meeting of the Victorian Rule Association, cheers xvere given for the Queen, and His Excellency, xvho then retired. The axvards occupied no less than twelve columns of The Argus next morning, and hax'c since given lise to the discussion usually attendant upon such mattcis. .Those for the colonial xvines are not yet complete ; and from the number of the competitors, and thcox tcnt of the rivalry, it xvill be a long and difficult task to award the palms of merit. The îcccnt opening up of India as a market for Australian xvines, and their adaptability for invalids and hospital use, have created much comment, and, of course, complicates the labours of the jurors, xvho must keep in viexx' noxv those qualities which fit xvines for Indian use. The folloxving remarks have ap- peared in a late issue of the Madras Times. After some remarks on the xvholesome hess of pure xvines in xvnrm climates, the journal adds : "We have been led to make these observa- tions in references to some samples of Aus- tralian xvines lately imported into Madras by the Murray Valley Vineyard Company, and which have been submitted to us for an ex- pression of opinion. It is as xvell that xve should remark that specimens of an earlier vintage from those vineyaids came under our notice more than a year ago. The xvine xvas then too noxv for use, had been bottled before it had been 'fined,' and, although full of body, flavour, and promise of future excellence, it xvas not exactly the kind of beverage that xve should prefer to drink. It speaks x'cry highly for the manufacturers, when xve state that the wines recently imported arc so much improved in ripeness and quality that no comparison can be made between the speci- mens brought ovjer in 1865 and in 18G0. The xvines which Messrs. Arbuthnot and Co. aro now disposing of on behalf of the proprietors are named muscatel, reisling, and schiraz. The two former are xvhite, and the latter a red xvine. The muscatel xvill, xve have no doubt, bo the most approved of. It is neither a sherry, nor hock, nor a madeira, but a clean, xvell-rlavourcd xvine of a distinctive character -icscmbling, pcihaps, in taste a very dry constantia more than anything else xvith xvhich xve are acquainted (though it is not a sxveet xvine). The muscatel has plenty of body, and is destitute of that hot; biting miali ty xvhich distinguishes. so many of the sheirics and ports that find their xvay into the Indian market, and xvhich proves that they have been heavily bran died. All the three specimens of Australian xvine are evidently the unadulterated juice of the grape. They are ncitiicrsour nor sxveet, but easy of digestion, and contain in an un- objectionable shape quitc-as much alcohol as xvine should have xvhen ' unfortified ' by arti- ficial means. It seems to us that these xvines might xvith great advantage bo substituted in our Indian hospitals for the curious com- pounds xvhich the British soldier consumes xvhen he is sick, under the designations of 'port' and 'sherry.' The prices fixed upon the Australian wines have boen objected to as too high ; but let this be as it may, xve have no hesitation in saying that at present rates equally pure quality of port and sherry could not be bought in the local market for less than double the price of the Australian xvines. The proprietors of these latter aro doubtless alive to their o\x*n interests, and prepared to dispose of the products of their vineyards at a fairly remunerative price. We understand that they are prepared to supply about 20,000 gallons per annum to India, should a demand spring up for this class of xvine." On Monday, the 11th inst., a'special meet- ing of the Medical Society of Victoria xvas held in the Exhibition-building, to examine a list of twelve samples of xvine from dif- ferent vineyards, principally in South Aus- tralia, Nexv South Wales, and, xvith txvo exceptions, fiom Victorian vineyards on the north of the Dividing Hange. The object xvas to examine hoxv far those xvines and others of the like character might be advan- tageously used in public hospitals and other institutions of_ a kindred nature, as xvell as in general medical practice, as substitutes for the conventional ' ' port" and ' ' sherry" of com- merce. The president, Dr. Girdlestone, pre- sided. Theattcndancexvaslarge.andembraced most of the leading members of the medical profession. The samples xvere carefully examined, bul mainly xvith a vicxv to their medicinal character. The lesultxvascmbodicd in the folloxving resolutions :-Proposed by Dr. Neild, seconded by Dr. Lilicnfcld, and carried unanimously-1. " That tho xvines that have been submitted to us arc generally of a superior class, and better suited for hospitul purposes than tlioseinortlinaryu.se." Proposed by Dr. Blair, seconded by Mr. Pat- erson, and carried unanimously-2. "That xvine No, 7, Wm. Green, Gawler-park, South Australia, Shiraz, six years old; No.5, Brook- side Vineyard, Shiran, two years old, Scott, South Australia ; No. 3, Albury Shiruz, J. F. Fallon ; and No. 1 of the light xvines, madu from Caibinet grapes, txvo years old, W. Knight, Riddell's Creek, xvere pie-eminently suitable." Proposed by Dr. Endes, seconded by Dr. Gillbec, and carried unanimously-3. "That the thanks of this meeting be con- veyed to Dr. Bleasdalo for the philanthropic and scientific interest he has taken in thus_ bringing before the profession a class of xvines xvhich must inevitably displace the commoner descriptions of imported xvines in general use in the sick chamber." Dr. Blcasdalo briefly i «turned thanks, and stated that he xvould not trespass on tho time of the meeting. He had brought the subject before tho profession solely with a view to their directing the public attention to a matter of great interest to all, but especially the poor. _ ' THE WORKING OF THE LAND ACT. At an eaily period in the present bossion an elaborate lcpoit of tho proceedings taken auder the provisions of the Land Act 18G2, and the Amending Land Act 18G5, up to the 31st December, 1800, xvas prepared by the lion. Commissioner of Lands and Survey, and laid before both Houses of Parliament. The fol- lowing is an abridgement of the report : I.EAS1NC, OK LAND IN AGKICULTUllAIi AREAS. At thiity-fourland offices agricultural areas, -embracing an extent of 1,403,021 acres, have been proclaimed open for selection. Prior to .selection taking place, 107,842 acres xvero xvithdraxvn, leaving 1,295,182 acres actually open to intending selectors. During the,year 278,445 acres have been ieleoted un<]ur certificate, and 405,492 under oidinnry lease. The combined result of the selections -during the years 1805 and 18GG is shoxvn in the folloxving statement : Total area open for natation.-1,-105,210 Totiil f>elc*ctc*il under cortllh-ato .. 559,423 Do, under leaso.2,011,71» \- 2,571,172 Xoax lug a bataneo open on January 1,1807.. 1,81M,0US .One thousand eight hundred and forty txvo- selections, to the extent of about 380,000 acres, have been declined forfeited by the Governor in council on account of non- payment of rent. These allotments have been ngaiivproolaimcd open to selection. ' The total rental received during 18GG from ?Oidinary selections under lease is £147,007 18s. 'J lie total annual payment-* accruing from certificate selections under tho Amend- ing Lund Act amount to £70,027 17s. u*d. ; and on payment of eight similar instalments and compliance xvith the conditions of selec- tion, the land thus selected xvill pass in fee simple to the various holders or assigns. The extent of the certificates at present unsatis- fied is about four-fifths of that already selected under certificate. Of these about a third haxx' been ¡mid in purchase money of land sold by auction, leaving n balance of £60,338 4s. chnrgeablo «gainst the sales by auction subsequent to December last. Applications for leases have been disnl lowed in ^30 cases, but .in- 213-of these the | disallowance wosYcvbkcd." The extent finally disallowed during the year is 113,827 acres. The reasons generally were, that the selectors ¥ were acting as agents for others. -The total extent selected in all the arcas opened prior to June, 1806, is 2,141,000 acres, including 559,423 acres taken under certifia cate ; the number of ordinär}' lessees being 5,377, and of selectors under certificate, 2.9G9. For reasons stated, the comparison between the impioved and unimproved se- lections, and the consequent success or other- wise of the working of the Amending Land . Act, may be propeily confined to the selec- tions made under the oidinary lease, which, in the abovementioned areas, comprehend 1,581,577 acres, leased by 5,377 persons. ? The area actually examined and reported upon being 1,715,280, or four-fifths of the entire area selected under lease and certifi- cate, the total extent of improvement and settlement by the ordinary lessees may bp approximately but closely estimated by add- ing one-fifth to the actual figures shown in Appendix A, with the following result : 2,519 Number of improving tenants 7,074 Population settled 700, SOO Acres occupied by improving te- nants £437,33S Value of permanent improve- ments effected 22,555 Acres under cultivation 27;i80 Cattle? depasturing on'lessces' 180,145 Sheep, J lanns showing nearly one-half of the ordinary les- sees to be residents and improving theirselcc tions ; the area so selected to be nearly one half of the total extent taken under lease ; the average area of each leasehold 280 acres ; the average number residing on each lease- hold three persons ; the average value of im- provements on each leasehold £173, and per acie 12s. 4d. ; the average extent of cultiva- tion nine awes ; and the value of stock to each leasehold £82. Such a result, considering the advanced period of the year 18G5 at which the selec- tions were commenced, the unfavourable character of that season, and the organised efforts ninde to frustrate the legitimate ope- ration of the Amending Act, cannot but be accepted as a favourable indication of the success of this portion of the act. Notwithstanding these satisfactory results, it is but right to observe that a large number of bonâ-fide applicants have attended at the land offices unsuccessfully. FORTY-SECOND SECTIOX. Under this section, the settlement of the country has very rapidly progressed- licences have been granted to 0,504 applicants to occupy 226,150 ames. lu the several licensed surveyors' districts, 4,745 licensees, holding 182,548 acres, have made improvements of the total value of £283,058, including the value of crops. The classes of persons who have derived the greatest benefit from the operation of this section have been, tenant farmers, married farm labourers, working miners, storekeepers and persons engaged in trade and business, dairymen living near the various gold-fields, and carriers. Adding together the settlement effected under the 42nd section, and that under the selection clauses of the Amending Act, the following appears as the general result of the operation ot the act fiom the 22nd May, 1865, up to the close of 18GG : . 4,060 íesident and improving tenants. 14,570 population located on .the land. 8S9,34Sacres occupied by improY'ingtenants. £029,975 value of permanent iinpiovements effected. SALES BY AUCTION'. The sales by auction effected during the year comprise the following lands : 1,402 acres town land .. 7,373 acres suhiirbau land 4(1,120 acres country land S5,310 ui-rc'h pustoiul land £0-1,433 1.1 3 20,300 10 7 120,000 t) 6 sa.i« 8 1 l£203.0ns 3 4 £45 10 0 2 15 1 2 10 11» 1 0 10* Average, £111s. lOd. Tho average of prices of country and pas- toral lands show a marked advance over the averages obtained in the six preceding years. LKAHEB AND LICENCES. Under the 39th section of tho Amending Act ninety licences have been issued, which enable the licensee to depasture stock on any park lands, reserves, or other Crown lands,' not forming part of any run or common. The extent held under these licences is 20,772 acres, for which is paid per annum the sum of £1,007 6s. 7d., averaging 9d. per acre. LICENCES FOR FASTOKAIi OCCUPATION. During the year 18BG, 174 runs have been transferred, representing a capital of £963,700, tlie value of sheep runs being estimated at 22s. 6d. per head on their grazing capabilities, and that of cattle at £5 5s. per head. At the passing of the Amending Land Act the annual rent derivable from the pastoral occupation of the country amounted to £196,539. There have been 287 applications made to the Board for reduction of rent con- sequent on diminution of the extent held by pastoral tenants, and the rents have been redeterniincd by the Board. The amount of rent received from the pas- toral tenants during 18GG was £186,2870s. Gd., showing a reduction of only £10,252 during tlie opeiation of the Amending Act. During the year 1,220,000 acres of unoccu- pied country and forfeited runs havo been exposed to public competition under the 98th section of the Land Act, 1862, at a rental of £1,005 per annum. Por these runs a premium of £1,166 was obtained. The report was accompanied by three ap- pendices, one of which exhibits the extent of improvements made on the lands for which licences have been granted under the 42nd section in the various districts, as summa- rised from the reports of the thirty-six officers appointed to inspect the same. The others give the details comprised in the general re ¡Allis contained in the above repoit, REPORT OF THE EDUCATION COM- MISSION. The leport of the commission appointed to inquire into the subject of education in our common schools has been presented to Parliament. The commission held fifty-two meetings, they examined thirty seven witnesses, and forwarded written questions to the head teachers of common schools and other parties who were believed to be interested in and acquainted with the subject of education. Amongst wit- nesses were the heads of all the leading religious denominations in Victoria, except the Roman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne, who was invited but declined to attend and give oral evidence before the coin mission, on tho ground that "through the action of the Government there was no recognised representative of the Roman Catholic Church on the commission." The commission conducted the inquiry under the following heads :-(l) The presentstate of public elementary education in Victoria ; (2) the nature and the quality of public ele- mentary education ; and (3) the existing machinery by which the sj'stem of public elementary education was administered. Under the first head, the commission stated that the number of children in Victoria within tile ago of instruction, which in England was considered, for statistical purposes, to range from three to fifteen, was 170,000, and the number on the rolls of the common schools was 64,920. The registrar-general estimated tile number attending female schools at 11,378. Seveial of the witnesses, speaking evidently under a strong sense of tlie evils which a compulsory system was intended to remedy, and with, perhaps, insufficient con- sideration of the practical difficulties attend- ing tile adoption of their suggestion, confi- dently uigett the adoption of a compulsory system. A nearly equal number of witnesses, of at least equally high authority, disapproved of a compulsory system, chiefly uecause they supposed that it would bo distasteful to the feelings of the people, and that for this reason it could not be enforced in prac- tice. The report then leferred to the condi- tion of education among the aborigines and Chinese, but the commissioners only felt jus- tified in recommending that the state should assist voluntary efforts in behalf of those races. Coming next to consider the nature anil' quality of elementary education, the commis- sioners referred, in the first place, to the question of religious instruction, which they stated had done moie than all other causes combined to disturb' opinion and to raise pinefield obstructions in the way qf public instruction. The Roman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne claimed, by virtue of his office, the exclusive control of the education of the young, and demanded that the clergy should have the appointment of the teachers and committees of their schools. The views of the Protestant Episcopal clergy were marked by ambiguity, and the other Pro- testant denominations did not seem to clnini for their clergy ' any special right to superintend the education of the young. It was generally admitted by all the wituc-scs that it was hy the teacher alone that religious ^education could cffectuallybcgiveninapublic ' school. The commissioncrshau been surprised to leam hoxv small an amount of religious education xvas given in the Denominational schools. The evidence xvent to prove that in the great majority of the Denominational schools, excepting the 'Romaiï" Catholic schools, religious instruction was the exec]) tion and not the nile ; but religious instruction, xvhen it xvas given in the Pi otcstant schools, xx;as unsectarian iii its character. The majo- rity of the experienced and of the piofes .sional xvitnesses xvere of opinion that it xvas perfectly possible to teach religion xvith out teaching the tenets of sects ; and al- though this opinion xvas dissented from by 1 other xvitnesses xvhose opinion was entitled to high consideration, the admitted fact that, even in those Protestant schools xvhere reli- gious instiuction was given, sectarian tenets xveie seldom taught, seemed to lend irre- sistible xveight to the x-iew that religion and dogma xvere not inseparable. After careful consideration, theyrecommended a change in the present system, which xvould involve a .separate tieatment and' management of the schools vested in the Boaid of Education, and of the other schools in Connexion xvith the bom d, most of xx'hich xvere held in trust for particular îeligious denominations The loi mer, vested m a central authority, and under the title of public schools, should form a system of national education, to be extended year by year ns the means x-oted by Parliament xvould alloxv. They recommended that these schools should be under the management of committees, to be nominated partly by the locality. Sectarian or dogmatic teaching in public schools should be pro- hibited by express enactment, and poxver of enforcing the prohibition should be given to the central authority, while religious teach- ing, recommended m like manner, though not enjoined by laxv, should be determined and regulated during certain hours of the day by the local committees. By these means the central authority would bo relieved from the difficult and invidious task of selecting and prescribing general foims of religious ,in-r stiuction, and the clerical and lay elements of the various denominations in each locality xvould be encouraged to co-operate in the xvork of education. With respect to the noii-x*ested, including the Deno- minational schools, they recommended, xvith a viexv to afford time for the establish- ment of public schools adequate, to the xvauts of the population, that they should be sub- sidised tor a period of five years, commenc- ing on the 1st January, 18G8. All schools not vested in the Board of Education, and entered on the rolls of the board on the 1st January, 18G7, should be allowed to be regis- tered before the end of tho present year ia the names of their trustees or proprietors, and should be entitled us registered schools to receive a capitation sum annually for every child xvho should attend the school for a certain number of days, and be able to pass a prescribed examination in each year. They xvere of opinion that a grant to registered schools should be regarded as only a tempo- rary provision, and that the policy of dis- couraging, of gradually diminishing, and of finally abolishing > all state aid to primary in- struction, except to public schools, or by means of other machinery, under the control of the cuntí al authority, should be distinctly announced by the Legislature, and resolutely acted upon. It xvas said that this scheme would not be accepted by the Koman Catholics, and it was suggested that a separate giant should be given to state schools belong- ing to that denomination; but this suggestion the commissioners at once rejected. The com- missioners recommended tlmtseparatc schools for boys and girls should be provided, and that mi amalgamation of small schools should be initiated and vigorously carried out. With re- gard to the examination under standards and the payment of teachers by results, the general evidence xvas in favour of the system, though thcie xvere objections to some of its details. With reference to the instiuction to be given in public schools, the necessary branches at present taught xvere reading, xvriting, arith- metic, çiainmar, and geography ; but in some cases higher branches xvere taught, for xvhich the teachers xx'ere alloxved to charge increased fees. While the first object of the state should be to provide elementary instruction for all tho. children, they hoped i that-the system of public schools xvould be extended by the Legislature at no distant time, and that a higher class of public schools such as had been established in Prussia and in the state of Massachusetts, might yet bo established in Victoria, and might, in con- nexion xvith the state, bind together the in- struction given iii the university and the in- stiuction gix'cnin the elementary public school. In the meantime they recommended that exhibitions in connexion xvith the grammar schools hitherto, or that might hereafter be subsidised by the state, should bo granted annually to the best pupils in the public schools, and that a certain number-say three -of the probationers appointed each year to the Civil Service, should bo selected from tho most deserving candidates at the Civil Ser« I vice examinations, xvho had been educated at a public school. With reference to the third branch of inquiry, the machinery of public elementary education, the commis- sioners concurred xvith the almost unani- mous testimony that tho system of manage- ment of public instruction by an unpaid board should bo immediately changed, and that public education should be placed under the control of a Minister of the Croxvn, responsible to Parliament. After alluding to the impoi tance of the functions discharged by the local committees, they recommended that the local committee of a public school should be composed of three, six, or nine persons, ns the Governor in Council might think fit in each case to direct ; that two-thhds of the members of the local committee should be nominated by a meeting of ratepayers, to be convened for the purpose, at xvhich the parents of children on the rolls of the school should have a double vote, and at xvhich ministers of religion residing in tho locality, although exempted from payment of rates, should be entitled to attend and vote ; and that the poxver of appointing after nomi- nation, and of removing all the members of the local committee, should be vested in the Governor in Council. With reference to the teachers, the commissioneis expressed an opinion that the qualifications of many of them xvere deficient, and recommended that toachcis and assistant teachers of the public schools should henceforth form a distinct class in the public service, but outside of the operation ot the Civil Service Act ; that they ¡should be admitted into this class after a strict examination, and upon receiving a cer- tificate of competency ; that so long as they lemain in the service they should be subject to the control, in accordance xvith general regulations, of the Minister of Public Instruc- tion ; and that after a certain period of ser- vice in the actual discharge of duties in con- nexion xvith one or more public schools they should become entitled to an augmentation of salaiy and to a retiring alloxvance. Pro- vision should be made by regulations for tho admission to an equivalent status, on reasonable and just conditions, of those teachers xvho already held certificates from the Boaid of Education, and also of teachcis xvho might bring from tho mother country properly authenticated certificates of character and competency. The teacher should be entitled to îeccive his salary from the state so long as he might be actually employed in discharge of the duties of teacher at any public school, and should not bo compelled, as he noxv xvas, to contract xvith an unendowed body like a local committee, xvithout funds of their own to satisfy his claim, and constrained to pro- tect themselves by terms in the agreement which viltually deprived the teacher of all i edrcss. If a teacher xvere lit for his position, he xvas moreover entitled to high considera- tion from the local managers of the school, und his recommendations and suggestions respecting tho selection of assistant and pupil teachers, and all other matters affecting the well- being of the school, should command ihe lespectful attention of the committee. In return for the advantages which it xvas proposed to confer upon the teachers of public schools, they must be pi epareil to sub- mit to a system involving stnct training, dis- cipline, and control. The commission recom- mended that steps should be taken to estab- lish a general training school ; and, in con- clusion, expressed themselves as opposed to the system of giatuitous instruction. THE GOLD-FIELDS. Nexv ground has been opened up in sex'cra of the principal mining districts within the past month, and mining operations have gencially been prosecuted xvith very good results. A new gold-field has been found, about eighteen or nineteen miles from Dan- denong, near the Emerald. The sinking is about eighteen feet deep. The xx*ashdirt, about one foot thick and txvelve feet xvide, appeals to the prospectors to run on a terrace ; and another small lead of nuggety gold runs into the main lead,1 xvhich runs north and south. Tim xvashdirt nins about scx*en and a half penny xveights to eight penny weights to the tub. A nish hasset in to some ground, fifteen feet deep, near the end of the Mia Mia Reef, Talbot, the washäirt averaging eight pennjweights to tho tub; and at Bealiba, new ground, giving three ounces to the load, has been lighted upon. The rushes at the White Hills have developed some good auriferous patches, and tl1cre_is .now ft large number of miners on" the ground. The re- ports from Gipps Land are, on the whole, encouraging ; and some new workings in ' Boggy Creek are just now attracting attcn-* tion. ' ' ' It is probable that the disputes relative to the right to mine under the Y'arious public reserves in the Ballarat district will shortly be settled. Acting on the recommendation of the Minister of Mines, the several com- panies interested have applied for leases of the ground claimed. These applications arc first considered by the warden, who reports on them' to ' the head of the deportment. These reports will he submitted to and con- sidered by the Governor in Council, by whom the rights of tho rival claimants will be finally determined. Several of the warden's i rports have been already received, but nothing will be done until the whole of them has been sent in. YVe understand that in proclaiming any future reserves, care will be taken to preserve the rights of parties who have previously acquired . a title to mine under the land. The old companies on Ballarat who possessed the right to work under the disputed ground, prior to its being proclaimed a reserve, seem to occupy a very Strong position, as they were ignorant that the fact of the area being reserved for public pur- poses interfered with their previously ac- quired right to minc, and they allege that, had they known such < was the case, they would have made such representations to the Government as would have insured the con serva tion of their rights. Ç)f course, where the giound has been forfeited through the non working of the leads for wliioh the companies have been registered, the case is ditlerent, .and the rival companies.will have to fight their several battles on this point. If pos- sible, a bill will be introduced this session, -dealing with the whole question of mining on reserves and on private property, as promised in the Governor's speech at the opening of Parliament. Good yields are reported from the various centres of mining industry, but no other gold-fiold seems able to compete with Ballarat in this respect. The last quarterly report of the Avonclift Company showed that the yield of gold for the half-year had beon 2,687oz., out of which £4,500 had been paid in dividends. The quarterly report of the .Bonshaw Company shows receipts £14,120, £3,300 paid in dividends, with a credit balance of £789, and that since commencing operations a sum of £15,144 has been paid in dividends. The Working Miners' Company paid £9,000 in dividends last quarter. A nugget weighing 17oz. 5dwt. has been found in the workings of the Lady Don Company. On the 18th inst. the Great Western Company bottomed on one of the richest prospects of washdirt which have been found in the dis- trict for some years, A sample of the earth was shown about, and it is said that it could not be broken in any way without gold' being seen in the fracture. . A new system of mining is about to be in- troduced in Ballarat by a company to be formed to prospect the deep ground at Gor- don's, and may be called the payment-by results system. The proposed method of working is to engage a certain number of practical miners, say twenty, who arc to be paid at the rate of £1 2s. Od. per week for the first three months, and to get twenty shares, free of calls, in the company. If they are successful in finding payable gold at the end of the three months, they then receive the standard rate of wages, and their shares will be liable for calls from that time. The com- pany about to try this plan is a new one, to be called the United Gordon's Deep Lead and Kangaroo Quartz-mining Company ; and they seem very sanguine, not only that it will work well, but that it will soon be generally intro- duced to prove untried or doubtful ground. An effort is also to be made to start a com- pany for the purpose of extracting gold from tailings by the sodium-amalgam process, some experiments recently made having produced highly gratifying results. ' AGRICULTURE. Although strenuous efforts are made by holders to advance the price of Hour, now quoted at £1010s. to £13 in bond, millers are not inclined to give any more for wheat, as they have plenty for present use, and the grain of this season is beginning to como in to market moro freely. Even from the Ovens district carriers arc bringing Yvheat down, as return loading, at Is. 3d. and Is. 4d. a bushel. Thus, even though the Adelaide people should send us none for months to come, there is no reason why the price should rise here, as there is a sufficient margin between the Melbourne and up-country prices to cover the cost of carriago and leave a small profit besides in mobt of the principal agricultural districts. In fact, calcu- lations have been made to show that the yield of this year and the surplus from last will be enough, or more than enough, to supply the consumption of Victoria, even if there should be neither wheat nor Hour imported during the current twelvemonths ; but of tho truth of these calculations no judgment can be formed until the completion of the statistical returns, which are now being collected. Horse-corn is quite neglected ; but there is a better in- quiry for barley, and doubtless malting samples will be m brisk demand in another month or six weeks. The wet weather has caused the supply of hay to be rather short up to the present time, and an advance of a few shillings a ton has been obtained on some of the loads sold, but this cannot be maintained after the usual quantity begins to be sent in again. The rains of the last few days have heen general over this and the neighbouring colo- nies, and have been x-ory heax'y in certain 'localities. Here the farmers must have been pretty well secured against injury ; but much wheat is said to have been damaged, more or less, in South Australia. The rains have done an immensity of good, on the whole. There -will be now no scarcity either of feed or water for the stock, and the farmers will have every encouragement to begin their ploughing early. A few meetings of farmers nave been held during the month, to con- sider the effect of the tariff, and express their views thereupon. At Ballarat the Central Farmers' League decided on me- morialising the Government for more pro- tection than that proposed, and more in ac- cordance with the protection to he afforded to other branches of industry. The Bellerine farinera will not be satisfied with a duty of less than a shilling a bushel on xvheat and a proportionate duty on Hour. At South Gee longjthere was a meeting also ; and the re- solution passed was to the effect that the pro- posed tariff would not be beneficial to the producing interests of the colony, and that all lawful means should be used to prevent its passing into law in its present form. We have no account of any meetings in favour of the tariff ; but the speakers and attendants at the meetings held have been so few, that there is really nothing to indicate as yet what he bulk of the fanners think of it. ACCLIMATISATION. A most important fact with regard to the propagation of the salmon in Tasmania was con tamed in a telegram on the 14 th February. It was that the first of the Tasmanian-born salmon have returned from the sea to fresh water. Mr. II. E. Lette, of Hobart Town, telegraphed to Mr, J. W. Simmonds, of the Brisbane Hotel, Launceston, as follows: " Peb. 14.-A salmon has been seen in the Derwent;-certain." The Mercury, of the 15th, saj's:-"Mr. Ramsbottora was right in fixing on all Januaiy and February as the months in which the salmon let loose at the Plenty last year would be back from tho sea. We liad no doubt whatever that the large fish seen jumping out of the water at Now N oi foi le a fortnight or three weeks ago weie some of these salmon, but they were not then seen by persons who could identify them. Now, however, Dr. Officer, one of the salmon commissioners, has handed us a letter from Dr. Houston, of New Norfolk, in which the thing appeurs to be put beyond all doubt. Dr. Murphy, the Roman Catholic bishop, was up at the salmon ponds, with some of his clergy, on Wednesday, and, on their return, two of them, Father Dunne, Vieiir Geneial, and Dean Hayes, distinctly saw a fish leap out of .the water at the Dry Creek. ?Dean Hayes did not know what it was, but Father Dunne, whose residence in the neigh- bourhood of nsnlmon fishery in Ireland had familiarised him with the subject, at once pronounced it a salmon. It may, therefore, be safely concluded that the salmon are get- ting back from the sea, and that some of them are now within two miles of the place at which they were hutched. Dr. Officer in- forms, us of another large» fish seen.by two gentlemen in the Derwent so close to the banks of the river as to be distinctly recog msed as a salmon This is good news, and Mr Enmsbottom has, xve undeistand, bcon I mt m possessionpf it We shall, doubtless, lear fioni that gentleman further on the sub jeet in the couise of a few days " _ A successful attempt to bung the gouramier to Ihcse shoies is iceoidcd by the Geelong Adterhmi -"Captain Osborne, of the bug Jane Bell, succeeded m conveying safely txx cnty oilc of these 'delicate fish, xvhich are intended foi a gentleman nt Adelaide, to xvhich port the xesscl is now bound Before leaxing Geelong, hoxxexci, Captain Osborne very geneiously presented three of these în teustmgsti angers to Mi A B White, and on Saturday last they xvtie despatched to Ins estate at Mount Monac, theio to be deposited m the mill dam This is a lui gc fresh xx atei icstixon of about an acre in extent, varying m depth from one to tvvclxo feet, and as theie is a continual influx of xvaim watei fioni the steam engine attached to the mill, the timporatuie at one paiticular spot is many degiees higher than the rest of the xv atei, this xvill, no doubt, be beneficial to the 'gournmiei ' as they are accustomed to water of a higher temperatuie than xvhat generally obtains in our xvaterholes and nxers " Mi MTIafhe states that the hires and deer haxe mcicnscd xerylaigely dunng the past season at Phillip Island The pheasants m possession of Mi Edxvaid Henty haxe bred, and the young buds are doing xvell, A Barra smgha fawn was bom at the Koyal Paik during the month On the 22nd the annual meeting of the Ac climatisation Society xvas held, ni the Mechanics' Institute His Excellency the Goxeinoi of Victon i presided An elaborate report xvas presented and adopted Among other facts recorded xvere the following - "Tho great achiovornent during the past year lia« been tlio introduction of a flock consisting of ninety three Angora. goats A largo amount ol money lins been expended on tlieso animals, and thora is every prospect of speedily establishing thom in tho country '1 hese goats havo boen found to tlirivo ad inirably In this colony, the citato of which is not unlike that of thoir nativo country Since tho ar rix al of tho flock its increase has boen sixty, vv hllst two only have died Tho total numborof puro Angora ¡«oats now owned by tho society la 180 It Is proposed to Keep tho females exclusively In tho hands of tho society until a largo flock has been obtained, but it is intended to sell the surplus rams within tho next fow months Tho av erago weight of tho flcoco of these goats is about four pounds, and as tho market prlco is generally a shilling a pound higher than good sheep s wool, tho -value can readily be calculated The demand for the wool is practically unlimited, so that no fears need be entertained of overstocking the market Some wool, shorn from tho few goats which have been for soinuyeurs at tho Royal palk, was sont to Lngland by the council to Messrs Titus Salt and Sons Tliis linn most liberally hud It made up into cloth, without any chargo, and returned it It has been exhibited in tho Intercolonial Exhibition, whero it has been univ ersally admired 'lhoso animais are, therefore, in a utilitarian point of vlow, most valuablo, whilst the beauty of tho fleece at the samo time renders them pleasing objects to the ey c That they arc hardy is surlic.ontly proved by the fuct that, out of ninety Ave shipped in London, ninoty thrco were landed hero, after an unusually sevoro and lengthened v oy ago of one hundred and twenty day a ' Tho Council has again to congratulate tho bub soribers upo» the success of tho minion experiment The I liicolnshlre, w lth a shipment of ova on board, arrived hero on May 1st, when a largo proportion of tho salmon and salmon trout ova was found to bo alive Tho brown trout ova only 500 of vi Inch woro shipped, had all perished Thanks to the liberality of tho Gov eminent in again granting tho uso of tho steam sloop X ictoria, and the skill and caro of Com mander Ivonnan, the delicate task of transhipping thu ova WHS successfully pcrfoimcd under the inline díate superintendence of Mr Homibottom, who had come oler from Hobart Town specially for this pur pose llio hatching in tasmania resulted in (1,000 balmon and 1 000 salmon trout Hie salmon, which were hatched two years and a half since, liavo gono down to the sea, ind their return may ho looked for now In such a laigo streun as tho Bor went, however, It is highly probable that tho fish may not bo seen returning, and that the earliest Intimation which the salmon commissioners may rcccivo of the buetess of their labours xvill be tho shjhtof young fry in the upper waters of tho river 'lins view is entertained by some of tho ftrst piscicul lui isis lu Lnglund It is satisfactory to know that there is nothing in tho rivers injurious to thesilmon A two year old »molt has been caught in Tasmania, mid Is now exhibited in tho Tasmanian Court at tho Intel colonial Lxlubition in Melbourne, competent judges hay c pronounced it to bo ¡is line a hsh of its ago us eyer was seen in the United Kingdom Tho broxvn trout hav lug now spin ned, and fry having boen lmtchtd from tho ova, their acclimatisation may bo looked upon as ha\ lug been successfully accomplished A few of the ova woro sont to tills society, and were placed In Jackson s Creek, in a spot which had bcon bolected by Mr Itamsbottom, and where every prepa ration had been made for their reception by Air \V J Clarke boy oral fry xv oro hatched whou tho floods, which so unexpectedly occurred last September, com plctely washedaway the boxes In which tho ova, had been deposited, and, it is to be feared, de stroyed tho fry It is, hovvovcr, quito pos siblo that some of tho fry escaped Into the creek, and may yet be heard of there Ivoxt winter, when the number of eggs obtained from the Ash w ill pro bably bo much larger, it is intended to request the commissioners- to send ov or a considerable quantity, and fur its reception a hatching establishment will bo formed at the Itoyal park, whence tho fish can bo dis tributo! to suitable localities throughout the colony "Twovery interesting experimenta were modo by Mr "loul, at the time he sent out tho last bhipment of ova In tho lee bin in xvhich the ova xvere de posited was placed a box, containing cocoons of the AiliinttiB silkworm aud some fruit-trees and heather Upon arrival tho cocoons vvcro placed in charlo of Professor M Coy, and olio of them produced a living motli ilx unntlis afterwards Tile others on being ojiencd were found to hav o died m Franco, and never to have assumed tho pupa state in the cocoon, so that tho v oy ago had no connexion with their death TI o trees and heather arriv ed lu us perfect a state as if they had only just been lifted from the nursery Tho importance of this experiment can hardly bo over estimated, shovv'njr as it does that all the vegetable world of northern Europe is placed at the disposal of Australia "During the past year twenty two Axis deer have bcon sent to Longerenong, on the Wimmera, w hero they haxe been liberated in company with thirteen others already lu the possession of Mr Samuel XX ¡Ison Tho intention in selecting this spot is, that the Grampians may become stocked with this beautiful species of deer "A further supply of Ceylon partridges has been secured and liberated by Air Austin at Barwon park ' The council is glad to bo ableajaiii to refer to tho success yv liich has attended tho Introduction of the hare At every spot whero these animals havo been turned out they have increased and aro lucre islng " A larfco number of Australian birds has been sent homo hy tho society to H R H tho Prince of XVales, to the Zoological Society of London, and to tho Société Impélalo d'Acclimatation do 1 raneo "'1 hanks to the courtesy of His Excellency Sir Henry Parkes, and of Jlr Black, of Yokohama, a plentiful supply of tho very finest silkworm eggs from Japan has been received Some of these hay o been distributed to persons throughout tho colony who take an interest In sorlculturc, whilst others llave boon sent to Sydney, Adelaide, and Hobart Tow li " Tho council regrets that it cannot report the arrival of the eggs of the castor oil silkworm Unfor sccn difficulties have interfered with this, yet the president and Professor M'Coy, who havo been con- ducting tho correspondence with leference to this xaluablo insect, are sanguine na to ultimate success " Tho council has to ucknow ledgu tho receipt of a large number of cuttings of tho cassava or manioc plant from Mr A Morel, that (.eiitlomaii having im ported thom from the Mauritius " Planting operations at tho Royal park havo boen continued, and a considerable number of trees, in eluding 0,000 young pines, kindly contributed from the Botanic gardens hy Dr Mueller, has been placed in the society s gardens " Tile council hopes boon to receive the medal which has been so long in preparation Mr Ldvv ard Wilson, whose Interest in the society continues unabated, has sent out two or threo designs, from which ono by Messrs XVyon Brothers was selected by tho council "Tho following is a detailed list of the animals in troduced by tho society during the pest j ear Tho number ot birds w ould hav o boon much greator but for the unusual length of i oy ago made by the Martha Birnio 17 blackbirds 15 starlings 1) X irginlan nightingales 3 squirrels 4 bast Indian ducks i pigeons 18 Ceylon perch 40 English perch 3 axis deer 7 hurts 03 Angora goats 11 pheasants d 1 nglihh partridges 8 Coy Ion do 8 storks 7 Honiton fow Is 11 Indian jungle fowls " Vi ith respect to the future, the council bogs to inform tho subscribers that it is intended to pay special attention to tho Angora goat and to tho ostrich, for tho purchaso of which bird £200 has all cady been remitted [Sinco the date of this report four \ try fino ostriches hav e arriv ed ] "Thocouncil having endeavoured for some timo post to increase tho supply of fish as an nrticlo of food, it WHS suggested by the President that advan- tage should be taken of the construction of the reservoirs throughout tho colony to ask tho Govern mont to placo these rescrv oirs under the chargo of tho society, giving it tho exclusive right of stocking Hiern with fish This suggestion having been ap- proved of by tho council, an interview was had with the Minister of Mines upon tho subject, and tho Govern- ment lias assented to tho request of the council " In order to bo able clliclontly to carry out this important work, it is intended to erect a pisclcultural establishment at the Koyal park, vv hence, tho fry of the various llsli, when hatched, can ho easily distri- buted to the resen oirs throughout tho colony " Hitherto tho council lias, in accordanco xvith tho rules of tho society, devoted its energies entirely to acclimatisation, to the exclusion of ino purely zoo lugltal, but as so much has been now done in tho in tioductionof useful animals, and as visitors to tho gnrdeiiB frequently express a desire to seo a greater variety of quadrupeds, birds, &c;, it has been sug gested that a portion of the funds of tho society should bo expended in commencing tho formation of a zoological ¿arden It is not contemplated that the society should in nny way relax its efforts lu the cause of acclimatisation, but it is thought that as there is no 70ological collection in the colony, tho forma tion of ono in tho Royal park w11! prove a great source of attraction to the inhabitants of Mclbounio, and contribute also to the instruction and umusomciit Of tho rising ccncratlon, whilo the machinery of the bociety is well adapted to undertake tho work with but a trifling addition to its ordinary expenditure, in the sanio way as the two objects havo been so success fully carried out by tho Zoological Society of London " I-or the purpose of testing the wishes of the sub senbere on this point, an alteration in the rules of tho bocictv will he submitted for your consideration " Before concluding this report tho council w ishes to refer to sonic of the moro prominent results of the society's labours during the five years that it has now been in existence " The gardens at Uic Roy al park liav e been formed ciitlrcly;by thb sbclety,.and Hills ofljtiolf has,cost a large proportion both of tho. Govoromont grunt and also' of tho privat« subscriptions of tho member.! of tho socioty. Thcbo gardens DOW form an attraction to tho inhabitants of Welbourne, moro especially to those living on tho north side of the city ; whilst to visitors from tho country tlîoy aro always au, objtct of special interest. i- "O " Deer of the axis, hog, sambur, and fallow species liavo been set free In such numbers as to warrant the belief that they aro fairly established in a wild state In tho country ; whilst a few of the Manilla, For- mosa, and Baraslngha species are being kept at the Royal-park until there aro sufficient of them to rondor It advisable to turn thom loose. " Several English, Capo. and. Indian pheasants liavo been sot freo on l'liilllp Island, as well as Kngllsh mid Ceylon partridges ; Californian, Chinese, anil Tasma- nian quail, &c.;, &c.; " In a country, sivannlng as this is with insocl life, It was one of tho early objects of the society to Intro- duce hirds that would enable tho gardeners and fanners to cope with this pest. The houso and tree sparrow and the chaffinch from England, the sparrow from China, and tho lirynahs from India, aro now com- pletely established, and tiaro boen found to bo most effective in destroying caterpillars and other Insects. The council has received several letters from farmers and gardeners giving conclusivo proof of tho great vuluo of these insectivorous birds. YVhon theso birds and their congeners have had timo to spread, it may bo confidently expected that some of the greatest drawbacks to successful fanning in this country will disappear. Tho acclimatisation of the English thrush and skylark may also be looked on as accomplished. " YVith fish tho society has boon vory successful. To the salmon, baliiion- trout, and brown-trout, it is needless to refer further than to say that the society shares to a largo extent with the commis- sioners of Tasmania tho honours attendant upon tho successful result of that experiment. The society has also introduced the Ceylon porch, the English roach and tench, and now, thanks to Mr. Morton Allport, of Hobart Town, a wann friend of acclimatisation, the English perch. " The council regrets to have to report that the attempts mado to accltmatiso tho alpaca and Cash- mere goat liavo failed, it is believed because of the practical difficulties and oxponse of placing and main- taining these animals In the high mountainous regions of Gipps Land, in which alone tho suitablo climatu and other conditions necessary for their vvelforo could bo found in tho colony. " Other attempts fall from different causes. For instance, tho unfortunately protracted voyago of the ship Martha Bindo, which made a passago of 120 days, was a sourco of much disappointment and loss to the society. On board that vessel was placed a large number of birds, carefully prepared at great oxpense to bear the voyago. By far tho larger portion lived over the length of time of an ordinary passago, but 'after that they rapidly sickened and died, and the fow that survived reached Melbourne for tho most part so worn out that they never recovered." PROGRESS OF TIIE WATERWORKS. The Coliban and Geelong schemes of water supply, the completion of which is looked forward to with so much anxiety by the dis- tricts interested, are being carried on with an energy which promises the best results. Contracts were some time ago accepted for the construction of a tunnel on the line of aqueduct between Malmsbury and Sandhurst for the sum of £18,408 ; and for the supply of about 7,559 tons of cast-iron pipes for about £70,500 ; construction of another tunnel be tyvcciiMalmsburyand Sandhurst, for",610,120'> and contracts for several subsidiary works have recently been entered upon ; among which are the construction of a dam at Forest Creek, to be used as a service reservoir for Castlemaine and Chewton, for £13,759 ; and for the fencing in of the reservoir at Malms- bury, for £9,8á7. The works at the latter re- servoir are now proceeding "with vigour, and 'at the present time 395 men are employed on them. The puiklle-wall and embankments aie going up rapidly, the latter being six feet above the surface. There isaboutlSOfeetof the tunnelstill to cut, anditwilldependverymuch on the quality of stuff yet to be gone through when this is finished. On the north side the cutting of the tunnel has hcen in very soft stiata, but on the south a great mass of blue- stone rock had to be cut through. Tlie men in one end of the tunnel can now hear the men working in the other end. The dam, which at the base is about five chains wide, is Y'isibly growing. In about the centre there will be a heart of clay about half a chain in width at the base, lcducing tovvurds the top at the rate of one foot in five. Thousands of tons of earth have been displaced already from the north bank of the ravine, a large portion of this having to be thrown aside as waste, in eon sequence of its cretaceous character. A large bluestone quarry, capable of supplying the necessary stone for the work, has been un- earthed, and alarge quantity of stone, already shaiied, lies waiting to be used. The masonry of the large culvert intended to form the outlet t°r the water is progressing well ; this culvert is made through the bank upon which the dam is to abut, and the water will continue its course afterwards for some dis- tance through a tunnel cut for the most part through solid bluestone. Mr. Christopherson has adopted a plan of facing embankments and reservoirs which will probably be brought into requisition in the construction of these waterworks. In facing with paving it was found that when the embankments subsided hollows were formed in the face, and the places where it was difficult to carry out repairs were occa- sionally left entirely unprotected. In place of paving it is proposed to use road-metal, which, instead of fulling bodily under sub- sides with the embankment ; and this plan is also found to be cheaper. Deputations fïom one or two of the prin- cipal mining districts not included in the present scheme, have waited upon the Go- vernment with the view ot getting an exten- sion in their favour, the local councils offering to guarantee the interest on the outlay stipu- lated for. The Minister of Alines replied that he fully recognised the desirability of extend- ing the water supply as much as possible, but that for prudential reasons it was better that the two schemes in hand should be com- pleted before fresh works of such magnitude were undertaken. MYSTERIOUS ROBBERY FROM THE ORIENTAL BANK. No event has occurred last month outside the sphere of polities that has afforded so much matter for talk about town as the mysterious abstraction of bills of exchange to the value of over £300,000 from the Oriental Bank, Queen- street, and their equally mysterious ccovery. The bills in question were placed in ^a tin box on Monday afternoon, 28th January, and the box was locked and de- posited in a vault used as a strong room. The following morning the box was opened, and an interior wooden one which had con- tained the bills was found, together with its contents, to bo missing. The stolen hills numbered about 1,500. They were the pro- perty of the bank, were endorsed with its stamp, and were consequently not readily negotiable. The robbery becoming known, formed the general topic of discourse on 'Change the following day, and a curious element was introduced into the business by the supposed refcienco to it of a singular ad- vertisement which had appeared under the heading of " Missing Friends," on January 22 and 29, in a Melbourne daily paper. The advertisement was in this form : "PNF will remain here. ' ' ' OTA will bo shipped oil instead ; ROC yvill bo a felo-de-se ; TUT will go mad ; ESS will wind up." This was interpreted to have reference to recent and forthcoming changes in the bank, and hy reading the capital letters straight down and regarding those in the third column as initials of somu of the bank officers, it was translated as follows :-" Portentous Facts,-Falconer will remain here ; Anderson will be shipped off instead ; Cargill will bo a felo-de-se ; Trail will go mad ; Skinner yvill wind up." This certainly did not tend much to elucidate Yvhnt was obscure before, but upon the assumption of a possible connexion between the advertisement and the robbery, the police made endeavours to trace the writer of the former. All attempts, how- ever, to do this failed. At this stage a re- ward of £1,000 was offered by the bank for the detection of the offender. Slatters remained in this position till the end of the week, all kinds of rumours in the meantime being in circulation. Tlie general opinion was that the robbery had been the act of some one belorfg ing to the blink. There seemed to be no appearance of burglary having been com- mitted, and the feeling was prevalent that perhaps after all the bills were concealed somewhercon the bank premises. The most puzzling point about the . business was the abbcnce of any apparent motive for the rob- bery, and the surmises that were current as to its having been committed to annul obliga- tions or to conceal forgeries were mere guesses, without any real foundation. The bills that fell due were met by the acceptors on tlie bank giving them an indemnity against loss. The police inquiries elicited no positive re- sult till the 3rd inst., when a clue was sup- plied Yvhich led to the. restoration of the whole of the stolen property. Early on that morning an envelope, addressed to the superintendent or chief clerk,- was found thmst under the outer door of the detective ojlicp. Inside vyas found (in separate worels, printed, and evidently cut out from a book or newspaper, and pasted on a card) the foi lowing - Look for hüls. CaTlton gardens Nicholson street noith of xvnlehliouse and b ink, book room over ink Acting on tins information the police paul visits to th« places indicated and on a pi ess in the room at Mhe banl xvere found some 300 of thr nnssmg bills and the others to the number of about 1200 xvere discovered m a Wn papei parcel throxvn over a fence m Carlton gai dens Hie bills xxcie examined and found to be the whole of those that had been stolen CC11 Ibis xvould appeal to be but the first st*» toxvnids the ultimate detection of th bvluef but up to a day or txvo ago this us fai % th« public arc concerned has been the encîof tim stoiy It xvas indeed geneially liimourcd ox ci town that one of the ofheus of the bank had undo a full confession of the loblxrr tint his assigned motive lud been mealy to occasion temporary inconxemenee to th» bank authontics , tlmt this having i,ec° effected he had gixen the information that had led to the discox cry md th it he xvas to be dismissed and no fuither pioeeedums taken And indeed it xvas knoxvn that tho acting accountant Mi John Dickson xvas dismissed fiom the lank on th« daj aftci the bills xxcre recovered and the disi osition to connect this step xvith the othei mattci xvas genciaL But allhou»h so laigc a îcxvaid had been oflcrcd i diy ot txxo befoic although the bank olhcials had spent days ni exident trepidation and the police had up to this point been entirclr engaged m the attempt to cain the reward ofleied all ultcnoi piocecdiiifes seemed to h ix e been ah indoned at this stage and that is before said, up to a day or two ago is «li tint the public lnxe known about ta« mattci 'lins tcimmation has how ex cr been looked upon as fai fiom satisfactory and the picss has stiongly e\\-prcssed the fccline of the ]ubhc that full explanation ot the circumstances, or pioseeution of the ofTcndci xvas due fiom the bank A day 01 two ago Mi Orr ML A gaTe notice m the Hou=e of intention lo ask what steps the Government meant to take m tin case andxvhether or not this lubhe notice of the affair has acted m any quarter as » spui the fact is that on liiursdiy Rst a step xvas taken from xvhich it a* pears that this robbery is to Tesult hkt other robbencs -ix hen. the offender is suiiposcd to be known -in his prosecution Hie diselurgcd ac tountant John Dickson was arrested at his house at Last Melbourne on the, charee of stealing the t300 000 xxoith of bills He was biought before the police court on the follow- ing day and lemanded till W edncsdaj when the case ib to be proceeded with A M\S1I KIOUS MUKDnt It is seldom that a muidei is brought to light undei cucumstunces more pceuhar than those xve are about to nan ate and xvliich hnxegixinpccuhii interest to the late trial and conviction of Dennis Murphy for the mindel of latnck O Mara at the late sittings of the Ball irat Circuit Court 0 Man. and Mun hy xv el e fi lends and belonged to the class of numil,!ants fiom Ireland of xvhich a laigc poition of oui working | opula tion is coni'oscd 0iioinally both were labouiei-s-licl and shovel men vvoikniL, on load contracts and the like Ihcir fiiendslnp uppcucd to bax i lind its origin years since xvhen O Mnra fiebh from home vv is workinc, on the same job xx ith Min* hy and was pro teetcd bv linn from the uni ositions usually piaetised on nexv anixals 0 Mara had a gieat ccaimng for self improvement and xv bile servant on ifain at leinnontli from 1803 to 1S<J5 studied hard at writing and cyphering He xvas sax nig too and xvhen he lelthisemployinentheboughtadraj indsome hoi ses and began to cart potatoes and phnt them on some 1 md lie had In a secluded nook in th-* depths of Bullaiook forest lie had deiennmed to settle and in October last it xv as an understood thing nmonc. Ins numcr ousfiicnds that be xv as going to marry and hxe on his lund Muiphy was very much xvith him at this time, and on October 18th 1 ist iftei getting some seed potatoes into the dray the pair started fiom the house of a man named Loughnan to O Mara s forest hut rrom th it time O Mara xvas never seen again alix e His fneilds asked Murphy about lum and Murphy saul that aftci they li id started from Loughnan s O M na had decided to go and look after some land he had selected under the new Land Act at Camperdown lenx nighib horses ancLdray xvith linn ( Murphy) to be xvorked xvhile he xvas away It must be remembered that O Mara had say ed money and xvas seen xvith abundleotbank notesinhis possession the day he left I ouc,liiiau s This seemed explanatory enough but giadually 0 Mara s friends became more mil more anxious Then Murphy xvas xrotched and ag un questioned Ile stuck to Ins story but gradually it came out th it he hu 1 been seen in the possession of money and to try and sell certain money seem ¡ties-not ibly a bank deposit receipt,-that had belonged toO "Maia 1 he alarm became more extended and the police moic eager than ever in tracinj, up the arlair Muiphy xvas arrested but he adhered to his explanation xvhich gradually became les credible xvhen it was found that 0 M ira bad never at any time selected land at C un peí doxvn and was not to be found anywhere Murphy had also tiled to sell the dray and hoi ses and xvhen arrested xvas avowedly oil to America In his explanations to the police he said moi cover something about O Maia haxing gone to sec i woman named Margiret or Budget Shea at Lear month but on inquiry ltxx is found that there xx as no such xv om ni 1 hen the i ohec bc"an folloxving thay tracks from 0 Maris forest hut and at last Snemoi constabl Mans field caine to a fallen tree xvhich had been passed unnoticed many times He happened on this occasion boxy ever to look on the othei side and there xvere the remains of a huge lue md íaised above the surfacea charred something icsembhn0 a recumbent human body Vuic enough picas of bone a fragment ot thi bacrum and other rem innts proved to be human Afingnientof shirt the same pattern as one 0 M ira had worn xvhen at Loughnan s leading to a pretty sure conclusion that the burnt hotly \\\ as that of 0 Mai a I his xv as subsequent y heightened by the diseoxery by Constable Montkton of a fiagment of a co]y book on xxhieh some fignies xvue mai kell down It xv as picked up near the body and identified as aiccjsici of some -weights of potatoes taken doxvn on October 10 it the house of one Law lei« xvho on that day bold a quantity of sud potatoes to the missing man and Mrs Law fers toie a hilf out of her childs copy book for the figuics to be xx ritten upon Un In day xv eck last Murphy xvas brought to his trial and ill these encumstances xvith a vast numbei of surrounding di tails xvere proved xx ith xv ondi lful distinctness bo nicely xvas the case fitted togethei that ox« seventy xvit ntssesxveiecilled foi the Cioxvn Ihc pn souci xv as found Guilty and sentenced to death, but a point has been îesorv ed in his fax our by the judge because the highest, medical evidence in the colony could not pi ox e the se\ of the burnt remains 1BIALS TOE. AESON Considciable mteicst has been manifested m a case of arson xvhich his just been con eluded at Daylesford the heanng of which occupied the attention of the local bench of magistrates for foul teen days The greatest anxiety prevailed as to the îesult of the trial both by poisons îcsiding in the locality and others living at a distance as ono of the paities accused (Mr George Patterson) xvas xx eil knoxvn bax mg for three years ocçupiea the position of major of Daylesford A man named tanighan xxas charged wita arson. and 1 atterson and liai tley xv ere placed in the dock on the charge of being acccssanes betöre the fact A bicat number of xvitnesses xvere examined but the substance of their evidence appealed to be that some time ace tatterson purchased the Belle. Vue HotcfQioin a Mr Chillon xvho insured the _iope ty tor the puiehnsei ni the \ictom Company* oiliee foi ¿KO stating that it.*114."" insured in any other ofhee 1 '-'V-?,T cxei xvas a mistake xvhich Patten.*» afteixv aids rectified as the pieimscs xveit.in suied m the Impel ml foi £-00 On the ¡27th Jsoxtmbci a lia broke out in tho hotel xvJi c» xvas oeeujncd by Carnghan and ...fi?"" yJ and the whole building xvas totally «roye-i Carrifehuii s statement ns to the onf m or toe hie xvus that he had been engatad m try' S some fat and bax nib occasion to ledxe tue loom for about tluet minutes on 1 is retar j he found that the frying pin hl|d *""??.: oxer setting the fat on fire and soon tue calico cullin, xvas in llames 1 ta* «t*"**" lioxvexer rendeied doubtful by the evidence of the deteetixes engaged m the i atwr ahese dhu.» stated tint Cairn,han W gixen them a xcry confused anti rather con tradictory explanation and had P^rawny cautioned his xvife against ansvtriug any questions put to her by the détectives m» icgaid to Weisen .it »"«»'SrSwS proxed by his own books that he purena« Irom Glenlon was a mere sham T*tna* aftci failing to raise money 0»^Xtroied. he had taken measures to haxethem desire^ Tt was endeavoured tobo shown horn cor tain remarks which Hartley had been lu ard to make ind from other circumstances that he too bad n guilty knowledge of the fire The prisoners vv cn commits d to take tin ir trial -it the Castkmamo Circuit Court vv hen they Surrendered to their bail on the 20th inst 'I he Crown prosctutoi stated that ho would not proceed agnmst the prisoners and vv íshed them to renew their bail to appear m Mel bouine to answer the information vv hu h hid been filed there hy the Attorney C encrai Hy the advice of then counsel they refused to romnlv and the Crown prosccutoi being unable to i rocecd with the case the pnsoners weit discharfetil On leaving the court how cv ei they were all arrested on wari ant from the Yttorney Gcneial taken before the police couit and there remanded for trial to the Ci munal Sittings of the Supieme Couit at Melbourne March 15 Mis Ann Iloje Thomson lias been con victed nt the Castlemaine court of setting fire to hu premises with intent to defiaud the insuunct compnny md was sentenced to Ihn c vears imprisonment Some íeserved nomts have to he decided by the full Court William Kell} clmiged with setting fire to standing corn was released the jury not ALiccing on a verdict A number of fires have lcccntl/ occurred on farms and stations and much valuable proputy has been dc-tioved Many of these are considered to have been the work of incendiants HU VOLTJNTI1 IÏS The great «vent of the month m connexion with tht Yoluntcci force Yvas the cifehth meeting of thtVittorian Rifle Association which took place at the Sandridge langes Accoiding to the report drawn up by the council of the association the shooting throughout the mtttin«, vvas of an indifferent chaiacter and far below the averse of past matches of the san« el iss In justice to the volunteers however it must bo stated that the nilcs recently issued were alone permitted to IK: used at this meeting Hitherto almost sun amount of alteration and improvtment ni tht sights of nllts issued by the Govern nitnt his bctn permitted but with the accent!) issued Lancaster no altciation has been allowed and when the matches took place sufhcitnt time had not elapsed to enable the competitors to become accustomed to the regul ition sights lhere can be no doubt that at the next meeting the foi mer standaid will again be rtathed Die foi lowing shows the position of the various coil s as decided by the rt3ult of thtrtpre cntativ t match - >n enid 1 ill Artillery Carlton lillies Bei die o Rifles 1st Cistlcn ailie lillies St hil 1 v Artillery J ist Ylcllourne Artlllcrj Y\ ill Jil town Artillery octroi Hin lillies (YI &.N M ) 1AS toll n"uood Hides S i Iridie Naval Ilrlgado J"i LI cers tollu .THOod lillies Soutl em Hides YY ill n to i Ivaial Brigade Crc v iel. lillies 2n 1 Cistlen aine (Yhl Ion) »nd Co. tien a c(hil eton) »7 89 .> 2.7 2711 A) 22 2114 2.188 »'78 »» M 21 "2 "1 0 wa 10« 18 87 ISO 1J 14 du 5 17 0 None of the other corps w ore sufficiently aepicscnted to be included in the average The pil/es obtained it the meeting wore dis ÍTibutcd to the winner* by His 1 xccllency the ( ovemor it the 1 xlnbition builduib on the l^th inst lill ABORIGINAL CliIChEH Kb Ihc abonynal cricketers who made their fust appearance in Melbourne on Boxing da) have just concluded a final match m Sjdncv preparatory to thur tlepartme for Î nglaud whcie it is expected they will eieate considerable interest Their names are-Rose Gu7tns Mullagh Paddy Dick 1 etcr Charley Sundow n Dick a Dick Bul loci j lake Hill) lellico and larpot Ihey Yv ill 1 e accomi amed in their trip by Ylr I S\ Y.Y ills one of the btst cricketers Vic tona bus produce 1 and to whose training mr st of tit hincks aie indebted for their 1 novvlcdgt of the game Mi Gurnett the onginator of the scheme has been called upon by the Hoard for the Protection of the Aborigines to find security to the extent of £o00 for the ] roi cr care of the sable team and to secure their return in due time lo the toloii) so that there is not much loom to feur for the welfare of the blacks m the distant land they aie goinf, to even should the siictul ition provo a failure It is s ntl that they one and all look forward to the trip- which having adopted the co]« mai phrisc they call going home - with gicat pleasure and that they believe the) will make a reputation which will cn title them to rank as professionals on their i chun It vv ould no doubt hav e been better lind the al originals had another season s practice bifore being taken to England It is tine that they have shown a surprising ap titude for the game and that they have made Y try lapid progress during the short time they hav c h id for instruction but it must be lcnicnibercd they have only just got over the «ti v ousness incident to appearing b( forelaige nunibei s of spect itors and that they cannot reasonably be expected to be successful in an encounter with an Lnghsh county eleven ívvoof their number how evei-Mullagh and Cuzens- might pass muster in many a i rai k t mi Thcie is iiobably no player in Vie tona sin enor to the former as a batsm in and the latter is an excellent held and a very (lam lillie, bow 1er In the farewell m ttehonthe Melbourne ground Mull igh madeforty nine in hue style and vins i resented w ith a new bat h) His ] xccllcnc) the Governor It is at best doubtful whether the aboriginals will keep their health m so rigorous a climate as that of 1 ngland Tv cn the change from the bush life on the stations on which they were hrought up to city life told upon them and subsequent to their arrival in town they were all at one time or another laid up with some complaint measles hemg the most prevalent How ever they stood they voyage to Sydnev lemarl ably well and thty have the advan tnBca of )outh and habits of temperance in then f nour 1HLIHEATRES Taily m the month Mr W noskms sui rendtied the managiment of the Iheatre l'o) al The place remained closed for a fort night Its reopening which occurred on Situida) thelGth is associated with asome what interesting experiment in the conduct of theatres &i;\ of the artistes connected with the Ro)al formed themselves into a company for the ptuposes of management and they aro now m possession of the theatre catenng for the public amusement Ihe gentlemen who art making the experiment arc Mr Lambert Mr Vincent Mr Stew at t Mi Harwood Mr hellnir and Mr Jno Hennings the scene painter 1 he pu ce pro duccdwas Hie Serf -an excellent drama Ytiy well nctcd It is mattei for regret that hithct to the new administration has not hton »S10!1* suPPurtcd hy the public Madame Celeati s engagement at the Hay Hinket Hu litre has been suspended ni order to give her a weeks rest She has proved a powerful attraction dunng the month Hie Woman in Rtd was succeeded hy J he House on the üiid"e w i,otie Dame and then came The f »tilth Spy or tht I all of Algiers lolloviedhy the effective drvma of Made jue Onlnday the ¿2nd mst Madame ttleste took her benefit appearing as Rudiga "i Ihe M oman in Red Hit house was «owdedin every piirt At the end of the «uni ict Madame Celeste dehveied amid J tu tv cheering the following additss - i adíes and Gentlemen -1 he very generous reunion with winch I was honouitd upon ni) nibt appearance m Australia encouraged '" hoi t that my exertions to amuse would «net YV ith the samo liberal lecogmtion that "Has leen my good fortune to receive from jut people of many countries but I most cer «mi) never expected the continuation of ourciowdcd houses that it has been my ¡nile to witness m this theatre during the 7»n hl\ ""teks x ussure y°u thit ! luw e difh cut) to find words that will express my in inks and gratitude upon this occasion r°mön°YY evening wall terminate my pre «nt senes of peiformances after winch lini i,L,tirc for M,L »ißhts to devote my « »divided attention to the production on iKtt\,*\ek of Hie Gieen Hushes j-ainng the limited period I remain m Mel Wime I bj,uH "iso IU)j ear m otllcr ¿delphi «ni "1? ,; ludl ll ls ,n> determination to place ni»,.,. ?,tayj l)recls<-iy m the same tlhtitnt "launer that 1 first produced them to a 11 i" 1>ul)llc Lad'es aml gentlemen m "milking )ou smccrtl) I trust that I ma) be permitted to accept this brilliant assembly as a mark of approbation foi my past exertions and be assured thçt every energy shall be devoted to merit a continuance of your patronage and support On Monday the ÍJOtli mst Mr Gourla) the Scottish comedian and Miss Aitken the Scot tish tragedienne commence a week s engase ment Hie drama of Rob Roy is to be produced with Mi Gourlay as the Bailie and Miss Aitken as ITclcn Macgregor 1 he Pnnccss s Theatio has remained closed ever since the collapse of Mr J V Halls management It is stated that it YV ill here opened under new man igcnicnt about Kastei tide 1 he now place of cntei tamment in Bourke stiett called Hie Varieties is a maikcd &P0R1ING; 'Hit most important item m the months sporting intelligence is the annouiici mtnt that Mi C1) 1 ishcr is about to sell off his racing stock and to ceast any other connexion with the luif ni Victoi ia except brtedm0 from his fine imported stud and submitting their progeny foi annual sale as at Middle paik and clstwheit m the old country YIi 1 ishci s io tnement just now is inuth legrctlcd 'lhere have been numcious country meet nigs dm nig the last foui weeks the most noticeable being two days good racing at Geelong Just now the attention of spoit mg ernies ni at least three of the Austr iii in colonies is turned tow aids Tasín mia and the I aunctston Champion Hace to be run in the northern city of the island to morrow (IUPS day) New South Wales and Victoria will have only one representative foi each the fenner by Mi John Taits Volunteei and Victoria by Mi C B 1 ishci s Fishhook Tht fasni mian candid ites mc nine in num her including Mr J. W I ltld s Strop tht YV inner of this pri7e last ) ear I he I aunces ton folks h iYe a Yery good tinte days pio gramme laid out foi the thoioughbred cattle Next in the field of the futuicwill be our Metropolitan Autumn Meeting (one day only but the caid a very full one) appointed for the lGth March Hie pnncipal event is a two miles and a qu irttr handicap race winch lias twenty seven nominations the gicat majonty of the numbei of infirioi quality the highcbtwlight being 8st 81b Rowing cricket bowls and athletic sports of all 1 inds seem rathei to increase in favour New clubs arc monthly formed and new younds laid down foi cutket and bowls with other cognate sports Hie Aboriginal cricketing eleven have left for Sydne) where they have been pla)ing last week and at the hands of the Albert Club icccivtd a thoiough heatin0 It is proposed to take thom to ] ngl mci on pin ate speculation C tuyn the 1 nghsh boivlct offered with three scouts allowed lum to play the whole elevtn aboiigmals at single w H kct for i. 0 a side at Sydne) buttheoflei YV as prudently declined VOY VC IS 01 AUSTRALI Y.N CLIPPERS j Occun inces between clipper ships of recent as well as of longstanding icpute and tiadmg between the same poits have now become so frequent that a more than passing oi tcmpoiary concern is taken m the results of their respective vo)igcs not only by owners md builders and shipmasters but also hy very many others whose interests although not bo extensive and impoitant are ncvei tin less intimately associated with shipping business «id meicantile ma me mattcis generall) 1 he notontty Diven to these contests foi supremacy on tlie ocean highway has not been without effect and fium almost every port visited by clipper shii s rcgul trly engaged in its trade tests of the merits ana sea going qualifications of the various vessels so emtlo)cd and of tlie professional si ill of their commandeis are matters of frequent roan renee and tlie emulation having now been fairly excited the nv airy m these Y OJ ages w ill no doubt be spinttdly u] held Of the v inous ports between which and the mother country a regular tiadc is earned on hy means of steam and Miling clipper ships few can boast of having iinci JI Hceter merchantmenin their waters than Melbotn ne and m ordtr that those of our home readers w ho are connected closely or casually with the comm ice of this colony may be able to not< the duration of the voyages of the different vessels which hav o sailed from this port elunng the wool season and compare them we append the following tabular btate ment of the precise time at which they left 1 ort Phillip Heads - left Port Phillip Heads Destina tion 18(1« Au-r 21 m i ¡g) t True Briton* Aug 1 1 j ni Omar P esha* &c;] 1.18 i oon Noifolkt Oct 14 0 20am YY ave of Life Oot 1(1 nooi YYhitoKoso Oct 17 Oam Suffolk Nov 3 10am lad) tgidia Nov 4 Oai Kosciusko Nov 10 8 30a.m 'Sussex 2NOV 19 11 30a ni Nov 21 2 101 in Nov 21 1] m Nov 22 7am Nov 22 8 30a in Nov 24 7pn Nov ..o 7a ii Nov 25 11 a i Nov "8 515a m Dec 3 Ham Dec 5 li a ni Dec 7 11 30a 11 Dec 8 "pin Dee 9 51 m Dec "2 lim Dec 22 3 30) ni Dec * ß 10 111 Dec ¿5 2 30i m 1807 Jan 3 1 ] ni Jan 9 0 301 n Keel Jacket Chariot of 1-aino Giants Causeway Cooroo Thompson Star of 1 eaco I iglitning Ylcdiatur Sarah drice I an irk.sliiro Ballarat White Star Anglesey Saliuuai der (si) YY munera lied Kov er Iiruco Tanjoro Esse-v. llacer 1 chunga Iondon Do Do Jan 12 8 a in Jan 16 11 a ni Jan 17 S h m Jan 24 5am Jan 25 5 j ni Jan 20,9 45 am Jan "0 noon Jan 20 1 80p m lan 31 noon Jeb 8 8'Oam ich 10 8pm I-eh l8 7 a.111 lob 23 Tercy li ojal Standard (s s ) Lincolnshire Champion of the Seas Spray of the Ocean Dallam Tower Great Britain (s s ) Yllndon Sw iftsuro Donald YI hay Young- biiLjand Superb Darra Do Do Do Do Du Do Liverpool * Arrived in I ondon «anio day Novomler 4 t Arrived in London December 5 THE WAR IN NEW ZLALAND Intelligence has just been received of the commencement of hostilities between the militia and the natrv es at Tauranga On the 13th January a body of militia consisting of 120 men of the 1st Waikato Regiment under Captain Goldsmith and twenty men of the same regiment under Lieutenant Pitt ad vanced on the village of Teliilmnga The militia w ere fired upon by the natives and one of the force Sergeant Major Lnnis was shot through the chest the wound proving fatal Some firing took place and one native was said to have been killed Hie village was aftirvvards attacked by the same force and the rebils after making a shoit stmd lied 'then village was taken possession of and burned and stvtial acres of crops destioytd A party of the 12th Regiment subsequently destioyed the village of \\\ lilka marama and had a shaip tiictiLemcnt with the rebels whom they lcpulscd It is stated that a p i of great stitngth is being built at Minden Peak which is to bcciuisoned by 300 natives under Hakarau It is m the oiiiuon of many who have seen it stionger than the renow ned Gate Pa and it is doubted if the force at laurangi is powerful enough to take it Information has ilsobeen received to the efltct that a body of the Ngatnaukavva tribe husciosstd OYCI to Tauranga and joined the Ilauhaus Tni M YV /LALAND GOLD 1IKLDS Mho pnncipal information from the New Zealand goldfields is with icfcrcuee to the diggings at the Buller and on the Haast River A great change for the better has it is said taken place ni tlie niimn0 prospects of the form« place Along the whole coast from Vi estport to the Karamea northwards parties are taking up claims on the beaches and in most cases are gcttinD gold YVith re gaid to tin workings at the Haast River the prospects of the miners theie douotappeir to be particularly brilliant 1 he gold aheady found is on a low ttirace situated bttvvetn the Haast Kiv cr and the Okura the distance between the two streams being about siv miles Hie gold is very fine and of the ordinary character of the beach gold of tlie AY est Coast of New ¿c eland 1 he washdnfc is a cemented black sand and the sinking is from eight to seventeen feet generall) through a coarse duft sand In the deeper ground the miners lune bctn troubled with water but the ordinary pump has suffice 1 to ket p it under A little nexv giound is being daily opened but in the opinion of the re porter of a local journal nothing xvhatcxtr lias hitherto been found to xvarrant vost mun bcrs in making their xvay to the field BUSH 1 HU S A x cry dcstructix c bush fire h is occurred m the xvestem distuct It broke out it appears on the Sisters ron (Mr Neil Blacks) and fioni thence passed onto tin Nelson run the propeity of Messrs lohin and Bûchait It next xisited Mallock station belonging to the same firm and passed on to Mi Jo/ers station On the Sisters and kelson runs it svvc] t ill bcfoicit and on \alloek station the fences and stockyards xvere burnt tloivn xvlnle- the property of tin fiee selector» on the run sufleied hcaxily Mr lobin saved Ins house and outhouses his tanks and xvatei casks having a full supply of water but he h is lost some miles of fencing and tt n thou sand posts and rails Mr 1 o/cr lost his fencing his xvoolshcd and other similai impiovements Captain 1 ddmgton of the Hopkins xv as also burned out and a gieat numbei of small fanners lost both liouscs and ci ops 1 he fire is said to have been caused by a man tramping who had kindled a lue to boil xvatei and left it burning A bush fne xvhich lately extended oxer the run of the Messrs Iwoniey in the Dartmooi district burned 5 000 acres of grass and eight oi nine milos of fencing causing damage to the amount of some £1 800 J he &r; issdale and Munido! stations^also suficred severely Mi Coldham ofGiassdalc m addition to the loss of a xv ide extent of grass having also forty acres of xvheat burned At Penshurst nearly the xxhole of Mr Sharrocks station xv as burned as also that of Mr W Dingwall Most of these lires occurred duiing the late very hot xxeather itAiL\VA\ ntvrric Ihe traille returns of the Victorian íailvvay s for the month of Januaiy show a total rc\e nue of £50 431 2s 4d against £49 40o l'Js 2d receixcd m the corresponding period of last year lhe total is made up as folloxvs Mur ray line £24 G80 14s 3d Williamstown line .£4 780 7s Id Ballarat line £19 93817s 10d 1 he xv eekly ax erage has been £11 206 ISs 4d 1 he length of line open 2i>4 milts During the similai period the receipts on the Mel bourne and Hobson s Bay United Railvv ay bax c amounted to £12 591 2s Gd giving a xx eekly average of £2 84i 3s Id In the eoricspontf mg lortion of last year the lcceipts x\ ic ii 1143 ¿is Gd Length of lino open seventeen miles NOUS 01 HID SH-V A bottle containing a piece of papei on which xv as xv ritten Ship Loid Kaglan on fne ldth March 1803 lat 36deg 1 long 23dcg -all lost xv as picked up at Queens cliff on Ihursday the 14th inst Hie Lord llnglnn it xv ill be remembered left I ix el jool on the 24th leb 1803 for this colony undei the command of Captain Cunan xxith a lai0e numbei of emi0rants on board She xxas spoken near the line and letters xv Inch were sent home fiompis scngcrs by the vessel which lepoitcd the I old l!a0lan cxpiessed st nous fe irs for the s ifety of the ship through fire many of the passengers being turbulent and earelessof the matches and candles they h0hted Nothing has exci since been hcaid of the missing ship Hie paper alluded to lepoited the loss of the snip by lue close oft the Gape of Good Hope 1 he bottle had contained poitcr xvith xxlneh the papei xvas stained It xv as floating neal the beach betvvc ii Queenscliff jetty and Swan Island and xvas picked up at sex en o clock m the moi nmg by a boy xv ho because he could not get the cork out broke the bottle 1 he paper a mere scraj xv as similar to that used mxviip* ma j ickle bottles Hie writing xvas good but theic xvas no signatuie It is impossible to suj '¡ose that the p ipcr is any thin0 else than a stupid hoax lhe loid liiglan as we have slated sailed from Lixcrpool on the 2fth of I cbruary 1803 and on the 13th of March could not haxe been off the Cape of Good Hope in fact it w as x ely late ni Maieh xv hen she xvas spoken near the equator If she had been burned in SOdeg lat and 28deg L Ion boats from her xvould in ill proba bihty bax e reached Algoa Bay 111« BltlG JlCKXIED PlCkFT-R1JVVXVV.Y Cvsi--A stiangc story comes to us from I anama Months ago a brig or school« r called the Jacmcl I aekct louled in the port of Singapore xv ltji sago black pepper &c; for this 1011 She x\ as consigned to Messrs Hac"e and Oo bhc sailed from Singapore in Sep tcinbcr last p isscd Vnjer Point on the 27th of that month ind for many xvccksxvus anxi ously looked foi her name appearing in the list of x essels expected to amxe Nothing haxmg been heard of her hoxvever she xvas at lost given up and her name xxas stiuck out of the list as if she hid gone doxvn amon0 the lost It now ip'cais that the captain of the vessel bad run axx ay xvith hu He took her across the Pacific to Panama and there attempted to dispose of her valuable cargo I he Aniel i can consul appears to have disco*,cicd that something xx as xx rong and to bax e interfered xvith commendable piomptitude 1 he x e»scl xv as seized and ] laced in possession of the naval authorities She xvill be rcstoietlin due course no doubt but the delay xv ill be tedious and the loss must bo great Loss 01 TUL lUuuii /xxovi-Hie South Australian Registe) of I cbruary 13 states that on the previous day the baige Powles from Poit AVakclicld bl ought up the master and crew of the barge /anoni xxlneh foundered in a, xiolent squall amounting almost to a cyclone whilst going fiom Poit Wakefield Hie /anom laden with 4 02o bags of xvheat sailed on the II th for Port Adelaide Hie account of the tempest in xv Inch the ship foundered as giv en by our conteníjiorary is interesting - Hie storm appeared to be coming down upon them like a xv hnlxv ind and the master gax e theoidei to let bo the topsail halyaids which xvas immediately obeyed but before they caine doxvn the vessel xvas tlnoxvn on hci beam ends the sea lashing about most fiuiously The cievv made foi the xvcathei side and as they did so the vessel turned keel up to xvhich jait the men contnved to clam bei It xxas then seen that the ship xvas tomb down head foremost and the crexv caught what they could and the best sxvimmcis made for the lifeboat xvhich had providentially dnfted fiom tin skids and was seen at a shoit distance bottom up By this time the vessel had entnely disip icaicd scarcely ten minutes liixing elapsed from the time the squall struck her After some difficulty the boat xvas n0hted anl xvith the aid of a tempoiaiv raft formed xvith some floating planks and a laddei two of the men xvere enabled to bale it out and after being about two hours in the xv ater the ciew were all taken into the boat lhe storm passed axx ay ilmost as quickly as it hadadxanced, but the sea xvas lough foi a considunblc time Hie boat then made for the land and at about eleven o clock in the ex emng fell in xvith the barges Poxvles and lorn Biothers xvhich xvcic bound up the gulf and the erexx were taken on board the fonnei So sudden was the squall th it nothing xv as sax ed by any of the ciexv except the clothes they xvore and some xveic obliged to cast oft a íoition of them xvlnlst in the xvatei It is surprising that no los-, of life oceuired But foi the piovidcntial rele isc of the lifeboat fiom the xcssel it is piobable all would baxe been lost loUNDMlIMl OI Till PlUNCh P VTKICh. IV Tutvis Bvi -The Sydmj Mouun/ Hu aid of Tanunry 31 gixcs the i aiticulais of the loss of the schooner Pi mee 1 atnek in Jcixis Bay Hie xcssel xxas bound f i oin Newcastle to Melbourne "tt hen abandoned the vessel had 2ft fain xv itei above the cabin deck Her x allic xv is about £1100 It is the opinion of the captain that she must h ixe stalled a bolt or she xvould not haxe made xv atei so freely G multi, oi THBCOLONIU ScnoovEn M HU IIU AKD Muuni ii oi Tin GULXX -I he b>id ney Mm mm/ J lu aid of January 30 says - Captunlran-i of the Day Spring xvhich ai rix ed on the 29th ult fiom the bouth Sen Islands has furnishtd us xvith the following paiticulais - A small schooner from Sydney on a trading x oy a"e among the islands was at the Island sandwich oi 1 etc (New Hcbndes) the natixcs of xvhich place con eocted an atiocious scheme foi the scmire of the xcssel 'Hie ownci was anxious to get the assistance of some of the natix es to vi ork the schooner and ten weie engaged who went on board and she then proceeded to sea 'Hie chief hoxvcxei had matuicd his plans and on the fourth day out they lose on the origin ii eiew suppo-,1 d to consist of four xv luto men xv bom they murdered and then biought the schooner back a"am to 1 etc Hau ¿lu, xxas completely stnpped and the piopeity dulyappoitioncd Shortly aftei the bchoonci Sea Á\ itch came in and xx tth the assist mee of some nntixes from a neighbour mg island rec ipturcd the xcssel lhere can be no doubt but that the unfortunate craft w as the Mary Ira Captain Unthank of six teen tons xvhich left Sydnev on the 17th September 18GG on a trading x oy a0e amon0 the South ben Islands COMMERCIAL INTELLIGEN"CE. TUE MAILS. The R.M.S.S. Avoca, Captain A. Farquhar, commander, with the mails for Europe and the East on hoard, left her anchorage on the 28th ultimo, at two o'clock in the after- noon. The overdue mail steamer from Panama arrived at Sydney before daylight on the morning of the 4th instant. The steam- ship Hero, with the Queensland mails from England, via Singapore and Batavia, arrived off Bowen early on the morning of the Gth. Her voyage was somewhat protracted by head winds and bad coals. She brought tele- graphic dates from London, vid Galle, to the 19th of December, and news from Batavia to tlie 20th of January. The service has been discontinued for the present. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S.S. Geelong, N. J. Skottowe, commander, entered the heads on the evening of the 12th instant, and anchored in the bay about half-post eleven o'clock, after a stormy passage, marked throughout by strong adverse winds from the latitude of the S.E; trades to King George's Sound, and from the sound until arriving at the heads. STATE OP TRADE. Business during the past month has been characterised by a fair amount of activity. On the evening of the 5th the financial scheme of the Government was laid before the House of Assembly by the lion, the Trea. surcr, and the extent, as well the sweeping nature, of the changes proposed to be carried out took the community completely by sur- prise, paralysed trade for the time being, and has since formed the chief topic of conversa- tion in commercial circles. The budget has found favour with no one, being alike con- demned by protectionists and freetraders. The month has been free from any com- mercial failures, and a feeling of sound and healthy confidence prevails in mercantile circles. The estate of Nathan Niles Git chell and James Chalmers, Morse's Creek, near Beechworth, miners and squatters, with liabilities amounting to £47,207, and assets estimated at £2-1,800, has been placed in the Insolvent Court. Mr. Robert Amos, whoso suspension was noted last month, has effected a settlement with his creditors, at the rate of 7s. per pound, payment guaran- teed and extending over six months. An offer in the estate of Chalk and Price was made, but not entertained by the creditors. The estate is being wound up by the trustees. A mysterious robbery of bills to a veiy large extent, committed in the Oriental Bank, engrossed attention for some time. It speaks well, however, for the position of our traders that no difficulties were put in the way of the payment of the bills as they fell due, the acceptors in all cases having been quite satisfied with the bank's indemnity. The bills have since been recovered. On the 10th inst. the arrival of the English mail steamer was telegraphed from Adelaide, bringing dates from London by post to 20th December, and hy telegraph to loth January. The exports to the coloties for the month ending loth December shovv a decrease of £138,013 on the previous month, the respec- tive values being £l,149,0Sö and £1,287,099. To Victoria there is a decrease of £102,344 ; to Tasmania a decrease of £15,523; to New Zealand a decrease of £2S,ÜC0 ; to Sydney an increase of £15,199 ; to Queensland an increase of .£44,710 ; and to Adelaide an increase of £8,305. On the evening of the 12th the steamer reached the bay. The tenor of advices alto- gether has proved satisfactory, and given rise to speculative transactions in cornsacks, which improved in value. An advance in candles was likewise established to the extent of 4d. per pound. In breadstuffs, the arrival of the General Cobb, the Commodore, and Harvest Home, from California, with mixed cargoes of breadstuffs, oats, and barley, anti that of the Denis Braudick, from Tome, with 25,000 bushels wheat, forms the only feature of interest worth referring to ; the latter was sold for shipment to England. In sugar an extensive trade has been done, and a rise of £3 per ton over last month's rates lias been realised ; the sales, irre- spective of the Sugar Company's, amount for the month to 47,000 bags. 'Hie transactions in timber comprise the cargo of deals per Eastern State, the Scotch flooring ex Ran- dolph, the cedar per Traveller, and lumber per Commodore and Western C.hief. Teas, tobaccoes, and wines and spirits have not been conspicuous for activity. The Antelope, with first cargo of new coffee, and Sirene, with the lirst of the new rice, arrived this week-this cargo was offered for sale by auction, and not only this but all the others advised by the last mail have been purchased on speculation. Advices from New York reach to 10th De- cember, from Foo-chow to 24th December, from Calcutta to 10th January, and from Mauritius to January 10. TUB wooi. SALES. The sales for the season are approaching a close. During the past month about 2,917 hales were sold by anction, at prices ranging from Shd. to lljd. for greasy ; 14^d. to 20.Jd. for haîidwashed and scoured ; and loicl. to 23d. for lleece. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. The rate of exchange on England for the present mail has this month been raised to half per cent, premium ; almost the whole of the clip of wool having been shipped for the season has necessitated this advance to some extent. The demand for bills has not been extensive. The value of money remains un- altered ; the discount rates for drafts of two, three, and four months' currency are main- tained at seven, eight, and nine per cent, re- spectively. On deposits lodged at thirty, sixty, and ninety days' notice interest is allowed at the rate of four, five', and six pel- een t. ; for deposits at six and twelve months' notice, six and six and a half per cent, is allowed, with perhaps a half per cent, moro in favour of large amounts. V STOCK AND STATIONS. We quote from the Pastoral Times of the loth February as follows :-" The confidence of the moneyed classes in large pastoral pro- perties has been severely tested of late. Large stations, such as the nins belonging to Air. Forlonge and to the Messrs. Desailly, as well as large runs in Queensland, have been offered for sale, and though they did not command ready sales at the highest prices, yet the sums offered for them indicated soundness in squatting properties. During the last three months nearly £300,000 have been laid out purchasing stations in Australia. The squat- ters holding large nins now feel disposed to I subdivide and sell thom to smaller proprie ! tors, whoso time and means are likely to be devoted to developing more profitably every acre of ground. There is almost an unlimited field in Riverina forinvestment, aspublicopin ion is now gaining ground that in the saltbush country YVC are not likely to be overrun by free selectors. There is also a probability of the Sydney Legislature's favourably revising the Land Law, and that a fixed tenure will be given to squatters ; the latter are becoming more reconciled to their pursuits. Queens- land bills vvere generally met on the 4th, and confidence in money matters was improving. The same may he said of the three principal colonies of Australia. Since the rains in the northward much stock is moving about, and large quantities are about to leave Queens- land for Southern Riverina and Victoria. On the Darling many mobs of cattle and flocks of sheep are moving for the markets of Victoria and South Australia." . The following sales of stations are reported : -Messrs. Robertson, Wagner, and Co. have purchased the Perricoota station from Messrs. i Kirk and Goldsbrough for the sum of £40,000. There are 3,000 head of cattle on the station, . and 7,000 acres of purchased land, fenced in.1 The extensive stations of Messrs. F. and G. Desailly, situate in the Lachlan district, N.S.W., were offered at the warehouses of Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co. Competition was very spirited up to within a shade of the 'owners' reserves, and although no actual sales vVerc effected there is evidence of au im- proved tone in the market. It is probable. ;the whole or the greater portion of the lots ¡will be placed by private contract, there being ?numerous buyers. The Bullarook, El Dorado, 'and Broom-hill stations, together with 10,597- -sheep, twenty-five cattle, and six 'horses, were sold to Mr. S. P. Lord, at the rate of 20s. per head, on the usual terms. iTlie'Tumudgerie, orCalimoStation, a valuable squatting property on the south bank of the Edward River, in the Murrumbidgee district !of New South YY'ales, was sold hy public auction, by Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. Tlie run comprises 47,820 acres of well watered country, and is stocked with 18,301 sheep, eighty-five head of cattle, and twenty horses, with head and dairy stations, it for- merly having been occupied as _ a cattle ¡station ; it is about twenty miles from ¡Deniliquin. Tlie lirst bid was one of £15,000 ; ?and eventually tlie station was sold for £10,100, to Messrs. YY'atson and Murray, being 'ubout 18s. per head for the stock. Tlie pro 'perty was generally considered to have been 'sold cheap. NEW COUNTUV. Mr. .T. G. W. YVilmott and Mr. A. W. Howitt have returned to Bairnsdale from atrip to the borders of this colony and New South Wales m the direction of Maneroo 1 hey passed a large ti act of country beyond the Snowy Uiver where it appeals that several persons haxe been squatting for years unintcifcrcd xvith inda laige number of Chinese were digging along the rix er and had been doing so for tight yeai s lhe country is said tobe good gra/mg land xvatered by the Bendoc Dclcgct nicholson s Bog and Oungura «id comprises a tract large enough for six runs xvhich it is stated xvill be surveyed and brought into the market On the Bendoc 280 Chu amen xvere at xvoik and a net (of not much ] îcsent promise) had also been struck llicic THE NFXV TMilli; Hie following aie the îcsolutioiv, pioposed by Mi ^erdoll in the legislative Asscm bly - Kcsolxcd-Pint towards raising the supply gi anted to Ilei Majesty m heu of the duties of customs noxv eliaigeablc on the articles undermentioned linportid into Victona the following duties shall be charged - Spirits 01 stionb waters of any strength not exceeding the strength of proof by Sykes s hydiometci and so in proportion foi any gieitu sliength than the strength of pioof -10s i er gallon from 1st lilly Appaicl and slops and all uticles made up wholly oi in part from fabntsof silk xvool cotton linen or mixed materials excepting coin and xvool bogs boots and shoes doors and window sashes gloves hats eins and bonnets hosiery leatheiware saddles and harness-£10 pei cent altaloicin 1 esolv ed- 1 hat the follow mg duties of cus toms be chaigcd on the articles undermen tioncd imported into Victoria, x17 - Carpeting and dniggets tapioca sago anoxvroot spices pepper ginger orna mental castings and all manufactures con t lining sill -£l0 per cent ad 1 aloreni All imported goods (including corn and xvool Ings) not otherwise chargeable xvith duty nor included 111 the appended list of exemptions-£5 pei cent advaloiem Oils of all kinds in bulk-Gd pel ballon Ginmand pulse of exeiy kind not othei xv isc enumerated-9d pei exit Giam and pulse xvhen ground or in any xv ay prepaicd 01 manufactured-Is per cxvt LIbT OP MVriCLVS FKVXIlTfcD HlOJf THk, 1 XT SlhNT 01 IVUOIIT DUTA Animals (lixnib) printed books and news pipe is specimens of natural history and eunositics coal coko and fuel alkali sill pinn and ícsin hemp flax jute cocoanut libre fiesh meat and fish guano and othei manures plants md seeds xvool talloxv hides and skins horns and hoofs coin and bullion timber in the log shooks and staxes metals of all soitsin the ore and in pig bar sheet 01 plate hoopiron non pipes and Hillway non rails passengers luggage cabin mil other fuimtuic or personal eileets xvhich haxe been in use and are notimpoited foi sale e m nges used in the conx ey mee of goods 01 passengers across the fiontier ind all pukiibcs m xv Inch goods aie oiduianly uni 01 ted-shall u<\- cxemi t from duty tllfcCl OI THF T Mill F 1 he Chnmbei of Commerce and the lauft -Hie following is the pttition from the com mittee of the Melbourne Chamber of Com nicicc pit sen ted to the Legislativ e Assembly 13th 1 ebiuaiy by Mi 1 holewood one of the membcis foi 'West Melbourne - lo the lion the S] eakei ind the Mcmbcis of the Í tf,islitixe Assembly of the Colony of Vic tona in Pirh nient issemhled-Hie pe tition of the mein bl is of committee of the Melbourne Ghambci of Comineiee respect fully showeth-lint your petitioners desire lesiectfully to lecord then piotest against the pio'osnl noxv bcfoie youl honour ible House foi the lex*ying of nexv and ad chtional Cu toms duties according to the tanti submitted lix the bon tho Pie usuiei lint the piinciplc of ad lahnem duties is extremely objectionable md bos nlvv ixs been admitted to be so foi reasons xv Inch bax c ht retofore been urged on the p irt of this chamber md the mercantile communitybcne r illy lint the ficquent fiscal changes to xvhich the country is now being subjected aie pernicious and extremely picjutheitil to its commercial mtt rests Hint brent injustice xxiii be inflicted upon the community by raising the 1 irge amount pioposed from duties of customs to meet the contemplated expenditure xvhich your petitioners cannot but icgaid as excessive \oui petitioneis therefore pray \our honourable House to le I ject the tariff noxx submitted for your eon sideration mid to make only such alterations in the existing laxv is shall tend to simplify our fiscal code and limit the duties of eus toms to some such scale as existed prior to the adoption of the tariff of last year -John Benn President on behalf of the Committee of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce Meetings bax e also been held by hatters tailors shoemakers &,c all expressing dis satisfaction xvith the proposed alterations THE DUILIXG Hie xxatcr in the Darling continues veiy loxv xvith no prospect of a use Great quan titles of xvool are on the sides awaiting trms ' mission, and two steameislyingabove Wll canina will be rt ady xvith full cargoes directly a use takes place MäXV IIULXX xx Hie supporters of the Mm ray and Dar lin0 Ballway have held a meeting at Deni hourn and passed lesolutions m favour of furthei and actix e pi oseen tion of tint object ' Meetings have been ali cady held or ire irran0cd for m all the towns of the district md the inhabitants seem to be xcrj much in earnest in the business WHEVr \ND FLOUR FOU ENCL X.ND 1 he ships Superb and Dax id Mackay haxe is pint cugo some 2o0 tons of Vietoinn fiom slni ped foi the Lnglish maiket as an expenment Hie Alexandra the Glenaras the Arab Steed the Sea Stat the Peeress the 1 unco of \A ales the Jessie Isabel the Adriatic the Miltiades the 1 ail of South esk the 1 thnburgb and a number of other ships haxe sailed from South Australian poits m the comse of the month xvith xvheat tor 1 ngland 1 he Denis Brundrit bos cleared foi I íxeipool with an entire cargo of Chilian xvheat xvhich she brought to this poit SHU? BUHDIVG 1he passenger steamboat Annie xvas mo delicti and built by Mr Tohn Sinclair of "i. arra Bank and is intended for a time to ran in the Schnapper Point and Dromana trade Her dimensions aie as follow -Length 80ft beam 13ft Cm depth of hold Oft Oin She has two oscillating engines of twenty fixclioise poxvei whiehvvoiked satis factonly on the trial trip 1 MICHMI-XT MU.U1 1CTU11F Spccm ens of parchment manufactured at 1 ootsciay by Mr 1 rancis Brown haxe been shoxv n to us 'I hey appear to be of good , quality and should command a loady I maiket li ITIl-TUXI 0HE \\\ e haxe received the following interesting communication from Mi Severn assay el of the Union Bank here - A few days back a digbei on his xv vy to îscxv South Walos left foi my examination a sample of metallic sand from the Ivcxi .Zealand co ist (Southland) I He stated that there xvas any quantity of I the same material xv bel o it came from 1 he simple on e\milli ition proves to be a xalu able pi itmum oie of a highly mabiietie ehaineter and containing some sixty or seventy pel cent of plitinum ihioiibh ^ out the sample xvere to be seen minute pieces of rough gold Specific giavity I ofoic 14 2 It may be mtert sting to state that while cxpeiimcnting xvith the micro scope I soon found that many of the nidix i dual flakes possessed polarity I c irned tho expenment fuither by floating some fine pieces on a drop of xvatt r placed on a glass slide around xv Inch xv as placed a fine msu lated copperw ire On transmitting ngalx nine cuircnt thiough this mi* romptu coil tin major axis of many of these little flakes at once took up a position at light angles to the eui lent and as rapidly lex ersed thcmsclxes on the poles of the battery b mg chan0cd Should there leahy be plenty of this otc as stated it xvill prove of much commeieiiil x allic and add greatly to the aire idy x urie 1 mineral products of îvexv /ealand THE BVNKS The following general abstracts shoxv mc; the aveiagt amount of the liabilities anl assets of the bexcral banks to which they refer taken from the several xveikly statements dining the nuartei ending list Decembei xvere published in tho Goionmuit Gazette - Tho Union Bank -Liabilities-Ivotos In circulation not bcarlnc, interest í.1- 2i(18s 7d billa in circula lion not bearinc, interest A. 0 402 \M ..I deposit» not I eurii c, li tcrcst 1.413 8117 Is 4d doposlts 1 earli c, interest £71» f "1 lill 21 lotivl amount of liabilities 4.1 J20 "¿S Is M Assets-Coined L Id u d silver mid otl cr coined metals je"(M '¿Us id c,old mil silver In billion or bira 1,71012 12s 2d landed 1 roi ert> i-r,i ")3 12-s .il1 > ""los and bills of otl cr banks i.21 "83 17s 7d al munt of all dahls due to the bank li eludiutr not«» bills of exchange and all ktoek md funded debts of every description e\ceptin" i otes bills and balances due to Ibu i*iid bal k lroni other bmk £1UOJOI)J11 5d Tolil amount of ab et LI ¿i OU Is od I lie rctuin albo includes tho follow ing -Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tlitt> date £1,2J0 000 rate of tho last dividend declared to the shareholders 17 percent, per annum, amount of tho last dividend declared, £100,250, amount of tho reserved profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £507 729 7s 8d Tho Commercial Bank of Australia (Limited), -I labilities-Notes in circulation, not bearing interest £5,33J bill in circulation not bearlicr in tcrcst. ¿el 17b balances duo to other banks £439 las , deposits, hearing interest £28 12-1 133 (J 1 tout amount of liabilities £3100J8S Cd Assets-Coined gold and silva and other coined mouls 1,17 435, gold and silver In bullion or bars, £2 78114s .notes mid bills of other hanks £38115s , balances due front other b inks 1.00111s 5d amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes bills of o\changc and all stock and funded debts of ev cry description excepting notes bills and balances duo to the said lj-vuk from other 1 miks, £3" P40 Os 8d , total amount of assets, £S9 010 1s Id Die return also includes the follow ii g -Amount of tho capital stock | aid up at the closo ol tho quarter ending list December, 180U £05 0o5 London Chartered hank of Australia -Liabilities jNotcs iu ciiculation, not bcuiiy interest £110,8(11 12s Hil , bills in clrcuhtion, not bearing interest, £3 000 Its 8d balances duo to other hanks £184 l"s lid deposits not bearing interest £162 200 15s Cd deposits bearing interest e434 (i"8 3s 4d Tot ii ami tint of hal lillies £-10,032 c-s 3d Assets-Coined gold miel silver, and other coined metals £102 347 (Is 8d gold and silver in bullion or bars £20 80112s 3d 1 iniled pro] crt) t(H 7o9 3s 2d notes and bill-) of other banks £0 077 7s 5d , bilances duo fiom other banks £2 049 11s Id amount of all debt« duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every description ov. ccpting notes bills, and balances duo to the said bank from other banks, £1 383,724 Is 7d local amount of assets, £1,681,010 5s 2d iho return also Includes tie following -Amount of tho capital stock laid up al tho closo of the quarter onding 31st December I860 £1 000,000 rato of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, eight per cent , amount of the last dlv idend declared £40 000, amount of the rcsorv ed profits at tho timo of declaring sucli dividend, £150 323 10s Od \ ictorlan Branch Hank of ïvovv South YValos -Lia bllitics-Notes in circulation, not bearing interost £103 030 lOu 8d bills in circulation, not bealing interest, £3 08112s Id , b ilances duo to r thor banks, £0 U0U us Od , deposits, not bearing interest £48. 754 6s 7d , deposits bearing interest £770 031 10s Ud Total amount of liabilities, £1 430 101 5s 7d Assets-Coined gold and silver, and other coined metals £ 49 193 4s 3d gold and silver in bullion or bars, £05 5 4 13s 4d landed property £18 239 0s 5d , notes and bills of other binks £11 33913s Id , balances duo from other banks, £29 007 7s 3d , amount of nil debts duo to tho banl , including notes bills of exchango and all stock and funded debts of every description excepting notes, bills and bilances due to the said bank ft oin other bmks ti 044 582 fis 9d Total amount of assets £2 0SO.13U 10s Id Hie return also includes the following -Amount of tho capital stock paid up at the clo«o of the quarter ending 31st December, 1800 £1,000 000 nto of tho last dividend declared to the shareholders 15 per cent per annum, and bonus at the rate of 3 i or cent per annum amount of the last dil iden 1 deelircd dividend, t"5,000 bonus £15 000 amount of the reserved profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £333,333 0s 8d lho hnglish Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank -Liabilities-Jiotes in circulation not bearing interest £37 3<3 17s Id balances duo to other banks £18« Is 2d , deposits, not bearing Interest £1 8175 10s Id , do, osits bearing interest £"3r38411s 7d Total amount of liabilities £-101110 10s lid Assets- Coined gold and silver and other coined metals £01 «bl 0s Od gold and silver ¡li bullion or ban £2 850 ¿>s bd landed property £«3 970 Is lid notes and bills of othei bmks £8 090 5s 2d b dances due from other b inks C4 3-10 3s 2d amount of nil debts duo to the bank in eluding notes, bills of exchange and all stock and funded debts of oveiv description excepting notes bills and b dunces duo to the said bank from other bimi s f/7 301 lrs lid lotul amount of assets £0 0 513 10s 4d Hie return also Includes the follow lug -Amount of the eil ¡til stock paid up at tho close of the quarter cn ling 31st December 1800 £000 000 rato of tho lost dividend declared to tho shareholders, seven icr cent per annum amount of the last dlv ¡uend declaied £"1000 amount of tho re served profits at tho time of declaring such dividend, £50 000 Bank of Victoria -Hie gcnenl half j cal 1> meeting of the shaieholdcis in the 13 ink. of Victon i was held on the 0th inst m the bomd loom of the establishnunt Collins stittt Mi II Millci presided Hie foi lonin" lepoit was piesented - Hit boaid of management of the Bank of Victoria have now to submit then tvvenlyeighth lepoit to the piopnetois of the buik stock, together with the balance sheet for the same period duly cei tided by the auditois Bihuicc of undivided profits 30th lune lSiib £14 0G5 3s , net piofits for past halt Yeai aftei pioviding for bul and doubtful debts £34 301 Gs lil , total £4842b 'Is Id lins vniount the dnectors piopose to distubute as follows -io dm dend at ten per cent £25 000 b ink pre mises, £5 000 , Icav nig £18 12G 9s Id the balance of undivided prolits cirntd for wind The dividend will be paid at the hi id ofhee on and after to morrow and at the branches and in London on íeceiptof adv ice III Mir 11 n Chairman , J M vriinsox Genual Manager Bank of Victoria Mel bourne 1 ' b 5 1807 It appeared from the geneinl balance sheet that the amount of the piopnetors capital is £>>00 000 , notes in eir dilation £285 973 , bills in circulation £537 724 2s lid deposits (including in tercst acciucd) £1 ()15 304 2s 5d , due to other banks ±58 360 IDs 3d , rcserv e fund, £100 000, prout and loss 48 426 4s Id , total £3 445 554 13s 8d T he credit side of the account showed-com bullion and cash balances £559 07310s 9d , bullion in ti ansilti to London £-171915 3s 9d , duo fi oin other banks £llri 100 4s 3d , bills icccivablc mid other advances £2104 300 Is 7d , policies of insurance £1 '384 0s Id , bank premises £170 154 17s Od less the sum of £12 500 wiittcn off The prolit and loss account showed that the current expenses of the head oflice tiventv eight blanches and fifteen sub branches had been £32 410 0s Id Upon tho motion of Mi Monaghan si conded by Mr 1 arragc it was agiecd that the repoit and balance sheet should bo adopted printed and circulated among the shaicholdirs Mr lames Blair proposed seconded by the Hon Mr Clarke that a v otc of thanks be given to the chairmin mil the board of direetois for their valuablc soiviccs duinig the past half vcar The motion was agreed to . and tin Chan man having bl loth acknowledged the compliment, thepiocecd nigs weit hi ought to a close Commercial Bank-Hie first quaiteily meeting of theshaieholdeis of the Gommel rial Bank of Australia (Limited) has been held, Mi G S Lang was in the chun It was stated that the opuations of the bank had been moie successful than vvasantici pnttd and instead of a loss an actual profit of £47912s Od had accrued Votes of thanks vveie passed to the direetois the managei and the ofliceis of the establishment, and it was decided that in futuii the diicctois should b< paid £100 a year for theirs i vices Land MoitgngcBank -1 he fifthhalf jearly meeting of the shnrcholclcs of the Land Moitgngo Bank of Y'ictoria (Limited) was hold at the Mechanics Institute on tho 7th mst lhc piocccdings were entutly formal the leport stated the piogress m ide by the institution and the determination of the direetois to decline a ehv idend of ten pel tent and that tht board h id dett rmincd at once to cany out tho contcnipl ittd cvtensioii to London this being one of the objeits for which the romp my was established, ns set foith in the aitieles of association, and npprov ed of at the last two geneial meetings 'lho favomable icattion ni the english monty mnikct and the desne to invest m colonial sccuiitics wau ant the duectois in anticipating a largo increase of piohtable business 1 he balance sheet contained the following items -On the general account on the debtor side appealed £7)000 subsciibed capital, £j">802 3s Id deposit and interest, £210 14s 2d dividends payable, and £1 230 4s balance of piont lo the ciedit of tlie company ap pun ed £G0 000 uncalled capital £01 027 3s 4d loans and inteust, £788 preliminary ex penses , £108 14s 3d fuiintuic safes books eve £194 Is new pi émises , £0,170 'h 2â cash m ^National Bank and ofhet 'liais n total of £132 249 Is Id w as madt up on ( ithcr side Un the debtor side of the nioiit and loss account appealed £1 453 Is 7a de posit interest, £8G1 3s 2d cuncnt chirles such as icnt salancs advcitising and ellice expenses , £1230 Is balance of piont, and commission ¿Vc £0 >7 4s 8d Against this was£2 8')3 7s Id inteiest balance from lune 1800 The totul on cither side w as £3 55011s Od rUIlLIO COMÍ VMLS Melbourne and Hobson s Ba> United Hail WHY Coinpmj -The following is the fourth uport ot the directors of the Melbourne and Hobsons Bay United hallway Com puni - ' The board of directors submit to tho Bliaroholdori the following' statement of the rcveiiuu and oxpen 11 turo of tho United Illiliwa) Lompaii) for the half year ending list Doeemhor, 1800 Hie inorchan llii traffic is considered satisfactory 102 049 tons bavins been convoyed over tho line dunng tho post sh months hlxtj foreign vessels 137 lutorcolouUi steamers besides tvv cul} two colliers, luve dlschargei their cargoes at the mihi a) pier Tho «al tratlli is viewed as a vcrj importttiitbninch, und eiorj offor will bo made to Increase it In coiiiie\iou vvith tin merchandise poldon of the companys hie uno, tin traille in biokcu metal and ballast Is increasing and forms a permanent source of roi eulie Du pjssongcr tratlic for tho post half j car show an Increase upon tho whole and cominan in loiii-ibl) with tho lorrcsi onding period of lBOo Tile twent) uldltlon-il ti licks in dereel fiom In ,1 md referred to lu tho last report have come to hand mi aro in regular use On tho 1st October last the alton thus rendered ncccss.ii y at I lliaboth strict sUitiol w ero completed, and the i asscngor trilfic hatlsfu.tr rltj transferred from the I rince H bridge station You diuctors have made considerable reductions in ti« faiesatscvenil stations where lho extent of | oimh tion seemed to warrant their doln" so Y oin illrec Urs regret tint fr m virions cuisei the vvorkln, CM cn cb of the line have, durlii-, the p.ist li ill vcar been increased to the amount of £2 000 ahoy o tho usual average Owing to the minimi» of additional trains tho expenso of locomotiva working is Increased by £700, but as theso addi- tional trains hay o not produced any augmentation of rev cnuo, the directors intend to adopt measures for reducing the working expenses of this department Ïhe average cxjicndlturo his also been Increased by extra repairs to tho Brighton line, repairs to stations, coni]>ciisatloii, Ac In consequence of tho scute of the mont) market for soma timo past, your directors de clincd to place tho companys debentures upon it at tho sacrifice which such a step would necessarily have involved, prcferrm» to p-iy for tho time belly tho difference between tho rate of interest charged by tho bank and that paid by tho company on their deben tures i rom tho causes above enumerated, tho profit« of tho Uno for tho past half y car, after deducting tho working expenses and paying the Interest on deben tures, are only £23,018 0s 2d , sufficient to pay a dirl dend aUhoritcofcitjitaiidahalf percent perannum, and leay cabalance of £203 Us 2d In terms of the 31st section of the St Kilda and Brighton Sale Act of 1865, the directors have determined to abandon that portion of the St Kilda and Brighton Railway com- monly known as the Loop line, running from the St Kilda Station to Windsor. During the present sas hion of Tarli uncut yourdircctors intend to apply for» rev ision of the XX harfago Hate Act, inasmuch as since that net caine into operation two fifths of tho entire nmountof wharfage rates collected by thoOoveminent have been los led upon and derived from goods dli charged at the coinp my s pier 1 ho board consider it only a simple let of juitico Hut the company should recolvo a proportion of these rates as thoy hay o not only constructed but maintained this largo vyharfa(,o accommoditiou at their own cxpciLsc 'lhe engineers report that tho permanent way and rolling stock aro in good working order STATBStlSNT Ol' CAÍ ITAI, AClOUN r, AT DKCEMllKK 31,1880 ni cmiTs Capital, £531,700 in £50 shares £131,700 0 0 Debenture bonds, £385,000, each £100 381,000 0 O Total . .. £019,700 0 O r\l KVMTUKK. To amount expended, as per statement, for best half year, £043,30516s lOd , adv trtMng, printing, and sUitionciy, ±1013s (k1 , law charges. £23 los 8d , land and compensation, £60, rolling stock, £2,307148 Od ,woiks account, £11 300 17s £057,102 l8 6 GFMUIAL BALAKCK SIIKKT, AT 31sT Due , 1808 lo receipts, as per capiUl statement £019,700 0 0 To rescrv o fund 22,038 1 6 1 o revenue 23,018 0 2 To interest on dcbontuics 9,171 1 S To Colonial Hank 31,093 IT l8 To mundry claims against tho com pany 4,180 15 4, To debentures duo 1st March, 1S31 1,500 0 0 £1,013,703 5 6 By expenditure as per capital state ment £057,162 16 « By mortgages due lCth March, paid off 30,300 0 0 By Colonial Bank deposit 10 0 0 By discount on debentuics 134 10 0 By store« 10,097 l8 9 By emergency account 450 0 0 By îiatlonal Bank ilepoBit 20 0 0 By sundry claims duo to company 8,03.1 2 8 £1,013,708 G G JOHN WAKITO.LD Accountant A\ o heroin certify that wo hayo examined tlio ac count« of tho Melbourne and Hobson s Bay United Hallway Company, for tho half year ending 31st December, 1800, and havo found tho saino correct Molbounio, January 14, 1807 The hnlfycaily meeting of shaicholders xv as held on 0th Hist, xv hen the adoption of the íepoitxvas moved,íeceived, and adopted Austialasian Insuianee Coinpiny-The following icpoit was piesented to thegeneial half yeally meeting of shitcholdcis of the Austi ilnsian Insuianee Goinpany on Olli inst - " Herewith the directors submit the half yearly statement of the affair» of tho company tci mutating tho 31st December, lbOO Tlio receipt« for the six months from all sources amounted to £87,101 Is Od , out antes and agencies charges, the falling off in roYciiuo, les compared with the previous half year, arising out of Hie closing of soino of the company s agencies The fire business, as will bo seen, has lcsultcil prollt ably, whilst on the other hand the marine business lus prov ed y ery disastrous Heavy as the company s losses havo been, it has but suffered In common vrith other offices both here and at homo engaged In tindor vviiting, if the great dopiccliitlon in the value of their shares niiyhc accepted im a criterion lho dliectonj some timo back took tho necessary steps foi the uia t->i i il curtailment of tho company s foreign biislncsi, whilst this step must for a period, have the effect of considerably diminishing the receipts, they believe It .wlllultlimitcly provexcry beneficial to tho Intorestof tho company Ilowevordlsheartfliilngmay botho results of last years operations, arising out of circumstances bevoud tho control of tho directors, they seo no reason to despair of tho future Owing to tho promptltudo with which tho heavy losses havo been met, amount- ing in rom d numbors during the year to over £240,000, the confidence of tho public in the com- pany remains unshaken , and with tlio hearty co- operation of tho shareholders, thoy look forward with every hopo to a speedy return of the prosperity vrhleh prior to the lost twcho months Invariably marked the progress of the company BALXXCB snrET uxirxBiTunB ron TIIF- HAM xiAiifiNDiso31sr DKCEMIlhlt, 1800 Flro loshcs . £3,233 10 10 Marino losses 94,22» IS 2 Lxpenses 3,796 4 B Exchange 2,881 4 0 Loss on salo of Oovcniiuont debentures 2,550 12 G £100,01)2 11 S KIÎCKIITS Fire premiums £10,450 8 5 Munno premiums 40,13a 12 11 Interest 1,807 i 1 Income from other sources 21 1 S £riS,!H0 0 s Doflcitfor tho half y car 47,782 4 7 £108,092 11 8 A8BIT8 OX SlST DFCHIMER, 1800 Uncalled capital 150,000 0 0 Government debentures . 8,740 14 5 Loans on mortgage 40,801 li $ 1 reehold property . 18,152 10 ü Agents balances 13,310 l8 T rurnlturo, brigade plant, &c; 2,802 S 10 Outstanding debts duo to tho company 3,720 S 10 Cash in hands of socrotary, £10 11s , cash in Bank of New South XValcs £013 14s 2d , cash In Colonial Bank of Australasia, deposit account, £45 7s lOd . . 705 10 9 £247,550 1 8 lilAllILlTIKH Subscribed capital 2X0,000 0 Outstanding debts duo by the company 13,033 7 Less loss upon capital account 15,483 0 0 £247,550 1 t» The following is the icpoit of the thicetors on the life blanch of the business of the Aus- tralasian Insurance* Company foi the six months ending 31st December - ?lo lhoSharoholilers -Gentlemen,-Your director» again congratulate you on the continued prosperity of this branch lho ttceomp my lug financial state- ment shows a clear surplus on the list December, 1860, after two years and nine month» transactions, of £17,347 11s 2d Up to tho samo dato tho company had Issued 004 jwlieics, insuring £302,000, and yield- ing on annual premium of £12,188 0s lOd During tho half y ear tho company has recoived 2J0 nevr proposals for £129,850, of which 101 havo been com- pleted, realising mi mumal premium of £2,711 12s 7d" BAI.AXCK SHKCT BxrKMHTUIlH 1011 TIIK IIALÏ YKAIl ENDINO 31ST DECRM 1IHI 1800 Expenses of management, Including commission £1,618 A % Claims foi losse. Iucuried and paid . 500 0 0 Surplus this half year carried do» n rrcmhhns .. £5,010 1 10 Interest 1,720 S E Transfer fees . 15 19 4 Assrrs oi 31ST prcKMiirn, 1800 Uncalled capital £225,000 0 0 Loans on mortgages, £17,500 , loans on annuities, £17,070 34,570 0 . Agent« balances 43 IB 11 A ictorian Government debentures 5,000 0 0 1'ettv cash 13 11 ß Colonial Bank of Australasia 1,219 4 9 1-rcuhold property 1,405 10 4 £207,117 11 2 inAIUlilTlBS SubBcilbed capital £250,000 0 t Surplus from 30th Juno, 1800, £12,111 lus Id , suiplus this half year, £5,230 Is Id 17,117 11 2 £207,117 11 I! At the half yearly meeting of shareholders, held on the ßtli mst, these lopoits xvere le eeix ed and adopted, nftci a short discussion IhcSouthtrn Insuinme Compiny-The iifth half yearly met ting of the aboxe com- pany was held on the 2nd nut, at the ofliccs 31 yileen stieet Mi S 0 Henty occupied the chair The secretaiy lind the icpoit foi the half year, together with the statement of accounts and the balam e shot t (all of w Inch documents were published m oui issue of the 25th ult ) The ehan man said, that as tho meeting had heal d the report and bilance hheet lead, it xvas unnecessaiy foi lum to ofTel any lcmniks Ho would ihcicforo simply moy e the adoption of the n port Mi. John Watson seconded the motion Mi Pctcison wishid to siy a few words before the motion was put At the last meeting be had tiKen exception to tin manner in xvhich the htutemeiit of accounts hld been piestnful, and he li id noxv mut li pleasuio m rongiatulating the directors upon the nn pi ox um nt both in the manuel and themaltci of the icpoit Thcie was hovvcvci, m item m the lev enuc account, balance piont and loss account, 30th June, 1866, £5,90318s. flfii."' which he was at some loss to understand, at i least under its present classification. Mr. II. " S. .Smith explained that the company had . agreed to kee]) the accounts in conformity .?with the general rule in London, and the 'item in question, although a profit and loss lbalance, was unappropriated revenue. It ,'would appear, however, for the future, in a less apparently anomalous manner. Mr. Peterson, referring to the marine losses during the half-year, thought it would be ?well if information could be afforded as to how and wheic these losses had occurred. The Chairman replied that most of the losses had occurred on vessels trading be- tween Britain and the colonies, and that the risks were all first class. Any shareholder could get all the information lie wanted at the office, but he thought it was highly inad- visable to expose the company's business in the manner suggested by Mr. Peterson. Mr. Peterson said he would only detain the mcct . ing by another remark, and that was, that risks of £10,000 were too high for a small company like the Southern Insurance. Ile thought £5,000 should be constituted as-tho maximum. The Chairman.-The risks have now been reduced. The report was then agreed to. Messrs. James Lorimer, H. Selwyn Smith, and W. K. Thompson-the three re- tiring directors - were re-elected, no other candidates having been nominated. On the ? motion of Mr. F. M. White, seconded by Mr. Peterson, Messrs. "W. Boyd and li. Langton ..wore appointed auditors for the ensuing half year. The proceedings then teiniinated. ii . «ITS LAND STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY'. \- The third half-yearly general meeting of 1 the Gipps Land Steam- Navigation Company "was held on the Cth inst. Mr. Benn in the chair. The accompanying report was adopted, showing a balance (including £2,149 10s. at the cicdit of resorvc fund) of £1,181 los. 6d., out of which a dividend at the rate of eight per cent, was declared, and the balance (£277 0s., 8d.) was cauied to the "" credit of profit and loss for next half-year ; -"In presenting to you the third half-yearly report and balance-sheet, your directors would refer to the recent unusual depression which has existed throughout all the colo v nies,' the effects of which have been severely . felt in Gipps Land, and to the great stagna v tdon'in mining affairs in that district. These causes have combined to make your com- pany's trade unusually dull timing the past halt-year. Notwithstanding, your directors have the satisfaction of laying before you a ?balance-sheet showing, after providing for ? depreciation, a sum of £1,18115s. (id. disposa- ble for dividend, &o.;, out of which they pro 'pose to pay interest to shareholders at the rate of eight per cent, per annum (£904 14s. ',10d.), and to cany the balance (£277 Os. 8d.) . to the credit of prout and loss for the next -half- year. The company's ileetisnow inastate . of thorough efficiency, and will shortly be in- creased by the arrival from England of the sinall steamer for the Lakes' traffic. Your directors lealn from Captain Patrick that this vessel would be completed and shipped about the end of this month. Her an ¡val will be opportune, and will in all probability enable your company to maintain communication by sea with North Gipps Land all the year round by running her between Port Albeit and the .Lakes during the time the entrance is im- practicable for the larger vessels. Proposals have been made to the builders of the new steamer Clipps Land, which it is to be hoped will lead to an early and satisfactoiy settle- ment." Messrs. Fowler and Dove, the re- tiring direetois, and Messrs. II. Selwyn Smith and J. C. Lloyd, the late auditors, were re elected without opposition. POPULATION OP VICTOIUA. Quarterly Abstract, showing the estimated Population of Victoria on the 31st Decomber, 1800. Males. [Female-si Persons. Births in the fourth quarter] oflSOO .. .. 'Arrivals by sea 3,081 0,313 8,014 2,831 0,301 5,848 15,242 Deaths Departures by tea .. 1,702 5,410 1.2S0 1,709 7,112 3,085 Increase during tho quarter Population on tlio 30th September, 1SCU.. Population on tlio 31st llcoeinber, 1800 .. Increase during the year , 1800. 2,282 303,204 2,703 275,784 5,045 C38.98S 305,480 279,547 044,033 7,071 0,423 NOTK.-Tlio incrcaso of population from all sources in tho year 1800 (17,394) was less than tho Increase In 1805 (21,138), in 1804 (31,170), or in 18(13 (18,587) ; but waa larger than the incrcaso In 1802 (13,044), in 1S01 (3,053), or in 1800 (7,685). Tlio arrivals in 1800 num- bered 32,178, and the departures 27,020. The not gain to tho population from without was thus 4,549. flic births during the year numbered 24,034, and the deaths 12,080. The gain hy the excess of tho former w*ns thus 12,845. Tho number of marriages during tho year was 4,077. The figures of births, deaths, nnd. marriages vi ill probably bo slightly modified after tho returns have been finally checked. WILLIAM HENRY ARCHER, Registrar-General. Registrar-General's Office, Melbourne, Feb. 5. . " IMPORTS ANO EXPORTS. ? The Bill of Entry for the port of Melbourne for the week ending the lGth inst. gives the imports at £193,988, and the exports at £296,419, the balance being in favour of the latter to the amount of £102,431. The prin- cipal articles of colonial produce exported included-wool, 1,414,2171b. ; bonedust, 130 tons ; gold, 38,800oz. : tallow, 7 tons ; flour, 11 tons ; giain, 5,144 bush. 88cvvt. The fol- lowing table gives the impoitsand exports since the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 180(5 : YVcek «nding Imports. 1800. 1807. Exports. 1800. 1807 Jan. Jan. Jan. .Inn. Feb. Feb. Feb. £ 310,-Ml 250,717 1U»,804 170,400 180,087 358,748 302,000 £ 843,447 373,050 300,468 210,874 231,807 214,354 103,088 £ 145,411 182,470 174.004 045,005 108,270 257,877 74,031 & 397,509 203,480 210,074 010,328 111."),1)12 243,047 200,410 1,884,160 | 1,873,083 I 1,010,0211 2,201,709 During the fast period tho account stood thus : Imports .£1,884,150 Exports .1,040,024 Balance of imports ovxr exports £234,532 During the second period : Imports . Exports . £1,873,088 2,201,709 Balaam of exports over Imports £327,811 \- ' - STOCKS IN BOND. The following is a correct list of the stocks in bond at Melbourne on the 20th of February ¡-Urandy, 4.93GJ hluk, 05,820 eases ; rum, 1,3414 hilda., 800 cases ; geneva, l8 hhds., 111,838 cases red, 0,753 do. green ; .whiskey, 020J hhds., 24,217 cases ; gin (sweetened), 13 hhds., 3,208 cases; cordials, 2,035 cases; sphits of wine, Oüjhhds.; other spirits, 47n linds., 13,223 cases; wine, 8.G93.Y hhds., 25,906 eases; beer, 3,821$ hhds., 20,073 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufactured), 12,297 í half-tieices, 2,241 quarter-tieices, 0,023 ' three-quarter' boxes and boxes, 3,751 cases-total, 2,480,5771b. ; do. (unmanufac- tured), 154 hhds. and casks,' 102 eases, 2,207 bales-total, 015,0311b. j cigars, 908A cases total, 110,4211b. ; snuff., 10 packages ; tea, 21,900 chests, 31,198 half-chests, 9,507 boxes: coffee, 1,910 bugs, 1 tierce, 12 casks, 374 barrels--total, 301,2431b. ; sugar-Mauritius, 32,904 bags ¡Manilla, 27,511 bags; Java, 22,178 bags ; Madagascar, 499 bags ; other, 1,078 tons C cwt., 174 c'usesand casks ; molasses, 11 tons ; chicory, 07!) packages : opium (prepared), 17 packages,-total,l,575.Jlb. ; dried fruits, 2,108 packages; hops, 942 pockets; lice, 12,509 bags, 5 barrels; malt, 2,139 bags; colonial spirits, 905 hhds., 438 ames ; bottled fruits, 1,028packages; caudles, 828chests and pack- ages, 1,098 boxes ; cocoa and chocolate, 255 cabes ; preserved meats, tish, &c;, 10,282 packages ; butter, 745 . packages ; nuts, 41 packages ; salt, 0,050 packages ; hains and bacon, 1,005 packages ; confectionery, &c;, 422> cases ; oilmen's stores, 11,749 cases : maizena, 108 boxes ; soap, 393 cases and casks ; jams, 422 cases, 120 casks ; var- nish, 447 cases and casks ; cheese, 1,025 packages ; . vinegar, 1,029 cases, 853 casks ; Bnddlery, Icatherware, &c;, 30packages; toys and wood wale, 20 packuges ; brush waro and Yvickerwarej 127 packages; furniture, 549 cases ; musical instruments, Ocasos; drapery and hosiery, 1,450 cases ; woollens, 41 pack- ages ; silks, 14 packages ; apparel and slops, 104 packages ; hats, bonnets, and caps, 155 packages ; boot*, and shoes, 932 packages ; earthenware and glassware, 50 packages ; jewellery and plate, 1 case ; oats, 19,749 bags ; barley, 8,554 bags ; flour, 500 bags ; maize, C55 bags ; oil (kerosene), 941 cases. REVIEW Ol' Till'. STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The business of the mall month lias been fluc- tuating and uncertain. For a few days activity has boen display ed, but dulnets has again quickly super- vened. The demand for first-class investment stock is much stronger than for Home time past. Oovoniment debentures, bank, gas, and insurance shares, huvo all keen In request, aud prices arc linn. The high rates of interest allowed by tho banks,'say seven per cent., on deposits fixed for a twelvemonth, tend to divert money trnm other kinds of Investment. The banks aro thus themselves tho cause of the low prices at which their ovvn shares in some instances stand. Tho mining market has been still fur- ther depressed by discoveries of gross frauds and very general carelessness in management. An Amended Sibling Companies Act is now* before Par- liament, and, if intelligently dealt with, the new mea- sure is capable of exercising a large influence for good. The bill as drafted is very far from perfect, but will undoubtedly bo altered in many respecta in committee. Tho yields from the mines aro far from discouraging, but a great deal, not only of profit from productivo mines but of fresh capital, is being absorbed by calls on new ventures launched within the lost six months. Much of this money will be absolutely wasted. For close details of prices wo refer to the weekly report of tho sharo market in another column. XVith a single exception, no now undertakings have been brought upon the market. The dividends declared since tho January mail amount to £104,444. Of this sum £26,000 was dilvided by tho Bank of Victoria. £22,724 by tlio Melbourne and Bobbon's Bay United Hall- way Company, £8,825 by minor banks, gas com- panies, &c.;, and £47,805 by mining companies. Tile mining dividends aro made up of £10,715 from quartz, and £28,180 from alluvial companies, The dividends declared during Hie mail month havo been for week ending February 2 :-Al Costlo Itccf, £1 per 1,500th ; Ballarat Bank at rate of ten per cent, lier annum ; Buninyong (Old), 4s. per 4,000 ; Cam- brian (quartz), Tarnagulla, £5 per 2S5th ; Colling- wood and Fitzroy District Gas, at rate of tvvclvo per cent, per annum ; Derby (quartz), Maldon, £19 per 240th ; Duke of Cornwall, Durham, 4s. per 2,000th; Erin-go- Brngh (quartz), 6s. per 1,200th ; Groat Gulf, 2s. Od. per 8,000th ; Nover Mind (quartz), Gooley's Creek, fis. per 2,000th ; North Gipps Laud (quartz), Stringer's Creek, 6s. per 2,400th ; Prince of XValcs, Ballarat, fis. per 8,443rd ; Speculation (quartz). Maldon, 2s. 8d. per 2,400th; United Sir William Don, £2 per 2,000th ; United XVorking Miners', 5s. per 4,800th; United Extended Band of Hope, 5s. per 12,800th ; XVondorful (quartz), Daylesford, £2 per 180th. For week ending February 0:-Bank of Victoria, at rate of ten per cent, per annum ; Daylesford Gas, at rate of twelve and a half per cent. ; Gipps Land Steam Navigation, at rate of eight per cent. ; Land Mortgage Bank, at rate of ten per cent. ; Melbourne and llobson's Bay United Hallway, at rate of eight and-a-half per cent, per annum ; Albion, Bal- larat, 6s. per 0,447th ; Avoca, Os. per 1,331st ; Comet, Bendigo, Gd. per 32,000th ; Eaglehawk Union, 2s. per 10,000th ; Llanborris Quartz, 5s. per 2,000th ; National Buninyong, 5s. per 3,200th ; North Johnson's, Bendigo, Od. per 22,000th ; Prince of, XX'alcs, Ballarat, 5s. por 8,343rd ; Speclineii-hill, Dnyictford, 5s. per 1,088th; Victoria, Clunes, "s. Od. per 000th ; XX'clleslcy, Stringer's Creek, £1 10s. per 1,200th. For xveek ending FebruarylO : Bendigo Gas, at rate of five per cent, per annum ; Geelong Gas, at rato of ten per cent, por annum ; Great Gulf, 2s. Od. per 8,000th ; Johnson's Reef, Is. per 10,573rd ; Sisters (quartz), £3 per 90th ; United Ex- tended Band of Hope, 5s. per 12,800th ; United Sir William Don, £1 per 2,000th ; United Working Miners', 5s. per 4,800th ; Wonderful, Daylesford, £2 per 180th. For week ending February 23 : Alpha, Springdallah, 8s. 3d. per 000th ; Avoca, 0s. per 1.331st ; Bute, Springdallah, 2s. 3d. per 2,000th ; Ex- chequer, Daylesford, £1 per 240th ; Extended Sons of Freedom, Chiltern, 3s. per 0,344th ; Speculation,) Maldon, 4s. per 2,400th ; United Bed Jacket, 5s. per, 4,400th ; Victoria, Clunes, £15 per full share ; Wal- j halla, Stringer's Crook, £3 per 000th." SHirl'lNG AND FREIGHT »¿FORT. ' Sir, S. De Beer reports as folloxvs : "FEB. 25. " Few departures for Great Britain have occurred since dato of my last report of 2(ith ult., consequent upon the wool season being now near its close. The following are the ships which havo been despatched, viz,, the Swiftsure, Donald Mackay, Young England, Superb, and Darra, with the Kent now full, and on the eve of sailing. Only threo ships-tlio Yorkshire, Macdui!, and Holmsdale-now occupy tho berth for London, with ampio cargo offering to permit their being despatched on their appointed dates. Tlio pas- senger trade continues active, Hie season of arrival in England being favourable, and late departures of suit- able ships secured full complements. There is no change to note in rates of freight, present quotations being same as tiloso current at dato of my last advices, viz., three-eighths of aponny for greasy wool, andalialf penny for scoured. Tho barque Favourite has left this for Liverpool, with afull cargoof Chilian wheat; and tlio Dennis Brundrit, which arrived hero after departure of lost mail, from Tome, has sailed for Liverpool also, with her cargo, after it had changed hands, bul with- out bulk having been broken. The anticipations of considerable employment being obtainable for,, the conveyance of wheat to the British market from Adelaide (S.A.), mentioned In my last advices, havo, I am pleased to bo ablo to say, been moro than realised. Last overland mail had just loft this when tonnage to load at Adelaide began to be anxiously inquired after, and tlio business effected in connexion therewith has during tlio month been considerable, no less than seven ships having boon taken up hero, at 50s. to 55s. per ton of twenty cwt. for wheat. Tho charters effected comprised the Prussian barque Triton, 574 tons ; British ships-Harvest Home, 647 tons ; Adelaide Baker, 800 tons ; Marmora, 303 tons; Anglia, 525 tons; and the Norwegian ships Atlas and Alpha, of 644 and 093 tons re- spectively; being all tho available tonnngo hero nt present. Tlio demand has now slackened, but bovoral ships of small tonnage could still bo placed at above ratés. Our late arrivals of disengaged ships havo been on a moderate scale ; but should vessels in that posi- tion mako their appcaranco shortly, employment could be found for thom lu this new branch of Undo, ¡ but at somewhat lower rates. Coal freight», New- castle (N.S.W.) to China, aro still being offered, viz., 26s. to Hong- Kong, and 34s, to Shanghai, at which rates ono or two engagements have boen inndc. The clipper ship Ethiopian, now about ready for sea, has shipped a cargo of coals here foi- Shanghai, at 18s. per ton. For this article tonnngo is also inquired after for San Francisco, at 25s., to load at Newcastle, but no business has resulted during tho month. Little or nothing is doing in coal freights from Newcastle to this port, tho highest figuro obtainable being only 14s., which being unroniimerativc, this trade now, and for some time past, has been carried on by shipowners on their own account. The British barque Beatrice has boon chartered for tho conveyance of horses and copper to Calcutta, mid back to Melbourne, at rates which have not trans- pired. The Jeannie Oswald, 190 tons, has been taken up for the conveyance of sheep to Nicol Bay, in North Australia, at the lump sum of £400 ; and it is pro- bable a large ship will shortly be required for same employment. Nothing has been done during tho month to lend at cither of tlio Indian ports, or those of Cliltia, ÄX\, for Kuropo ; and indeed, had orders to do se como to hand, they could not havo been exe- cuted, owing to tho bettor employment offering- from Adelaide. Tho intercolonial trado continues much depressed, and tho most important - one-that with tho New Zealand i porta - is now chiefly carried on by the steamers regularly running in tlio trade. By tho last Jamaica niall btcainor in- telligence was received of the arrival at Asplnwall of tho American brig Jacmcl Packet, xvith a cargo of produco from Singapore. This vessel was bound for this port with lier valuablo cargo, and from her non appearance for so long after »ho was due, it was con- cluded that sho xvos lost, and the underwriters were about to settle with tlio consignee here. Tho pro- ceedings of tho master in disposing of his ship and cargo at Asplnwall attracted the notico of tho Ameri- can consul there, and, on Investigation, MB suspicions that an act of barratry liad been committed nero confirmed, and both ship and cargo xvere promptly seized and sent to New York, on account of all con- cerned." MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tlio Argus Ofllco, Saturday Evening. Business in tlio import markets throughout the month now under review has been characterised by a considerable amount of activity", the unfavourable inilucnees brought to bear upon the general trade of tlio colony by tho sweeping changes and alterations proposed by tho Ministry in tlio mensuro now undor discussion in Parliament notwithstanding. Tho now season's bulk alo is beginning to make its appcar- anco, and business is likely to open out at high figures. Corosacks have advanced considerably in value ; caudles havo risen fully 4d. pel- lb. lu coffee there is little doing. Fish shows an improving tendency. In dried fruits, currants are much wanted at an udvanco of a halfpenny. Brendatulls, as well as all feeding grains, have been without Hie slightest ani- mation. Malt and hops havo continued inactive. In metals, galvanised iron only has evinced llriiincss. Oils havo risen in price ; but owing to tho duty not being settled have been little dealt in. Provisions havo of late shown a better prospect of improvement, ltlco has been dull, but the new coming to hand promises more business, largo sales having been made. Sugars havo been largely dealt in. Teas buve mut with moro attention. Timber, as likewise tobacco, have been noticed to a moderato extent, XVith the exception of geneva, wines and spirits have maintained tlio dull aspect of previous months. Ale and Stout_Tho trado of tho month has boon limited, and being chiefly confined to tho disposal of last year's brow, of which stocks have been reduced to only ono brand. Hie hales effected of sound ale havo been comparatively insignificant ; a few odd lots of Bass'« No. 3 ale havo been quitted at £7 5s. to £7 10s.; the market, how ever, in now entirely cleared of this brand. A few hundred hhds. of tho Carlisle Company's ulo still remain on hand ; trade parcel« havo been placed during the month at prices ranging according to quantity, from £015s. to£7, and £7 6.s. 214 hhds. of unsound ale were disposed of by auction at low rates. New beers have been much In- quired for, though it was not till tho close of tho month that any cania to hand, and not being landed as yet it ia hardly possible to state distinctly how tho market is likoly to rule. Tho Jlrst shipment to band was that of tho Star brand, and, comparatively unknown, a iKtrtlou of this shipment has been placed at £8. A shipment of 100 hhds. of Marrlan's changed hands in a line im- mediately on arrival, and is being now disposed of to the trade at £0. Tho Royal Oak, with 300 hhds. of Joulo's, arrlx-od this xveek, mid tho importen! have llxed tho price at £S 15s. for quantities. Bulk stunt present« the same depressed aspect as noted lost month. Prices havo nominally ranged at from £0 to £0 16s., but no sales of the slightest consequence have como under our notico throughout tho month. In bottled ales, xvith tho exception oí Tennent'«, wo have no Improvement to note ; for tho brand referred to, however, a demand has been maintained moro than Hiitllclcnt to clear off all stocks in hand at ad- vanced rates, and shipments to arrive could also bo contracted for with equal freedom at Us, Od. ; in tho other brands there is no alteration to note. Blood's and Arrol's have been maintained at Vs. 3d, Mulr's new beer is oxpcctoil to realise Os. to 0s. 3d. Bass's triangle meets with purchasers at 0s. Sales of Allbopp's have been mado at 8s. 0d. ; for Byass's wo quote fes. Od. to 8s. Od. ; Aitken'« lias been disposed of nt 8s. Od., and Jeffrey's has boon maintained at a like figure. For llichardkon's and Monee Cox and Co.'s wo quote 8s. ; but of late there has been little offering of these brands. Bottled stouts havo only met with moderate attention ; and stocks of the favourite and well known brands being ample, the difficulty of ptacing new and unknown brands, however good the quality, except at very low rates, has been moro felt than formerly. Edmund's pig stout com- mand« a ready sale at 10s. 3d. to 10s. Gd. Burke's Guinn»,» hies likewise been readily placed at 10s. 3d. Theil rsUhlpmcnt of MackicandOladstono'sneiv beer to hand this week lias been placed, to lund, to the extent of 1,200 cases at 10s to 10s 3d Henry YVhlto and Co *s hav o realised 10s , and shipments of Blood s havo boen dl»po«ed of at a like figure Arrol s hos been maintained at 0s 9d A small shipment of Gum ness H Scrogcios bottling, was placed at Os Od Small lots of .Machen s hav c been placed at 0s Od , but tho bulk of sales made has not realised over Os 3d For Bj ass s wo quoto 8s 3d to 8s Oil A shipment of Barclay s, Scrogtlo s bottling, brought Ss 3d for quarts, and Os Sa for pints bales of other bottlers hav o been niado at from 7s 3d to 7s Od Unsound .shipments havo been disposed of as low as 3s Bagging -In the early part of the month cornsacks were decidedly cosier, one or two parcels about 90 bales, wcro placed at 13s for Dundees , and attention being thus thereby directed towards the market, a speculative buy cr was induced to operate to tho ex tent of 500 bales clearing off all tho lots then pressing on the market at 12k Od to 13s , causing tlio price sub sequently to rise to 13s Od at which about 150 bales were quitted After the arrival of the mall, a further advance was established, about 180 bales being placed m parcels at Ids Od and 13s lOJd Most holders ask 14s , but as tho ilomand for tho moment is satisfied, to press sales vv ould only lead to a decline Fifty bales Calcuttas, c\ Sirene wcro disposed otto land at about 13s in bond lnwoolpacksno business has transpired, there are buy ers In tho market at is Jd to 3s Cd , but importers who have held so long refuse to quit now till ne\t seasi n Gunnies aro quite nejectcd Candles-This articlo has been subjected to great fluctuation last month closed with prices firm at Is Id 'Ihe arrival of tho Transit, and subsequently of the Tirzah, In tlio beginning of this month, know n to hay o had largo parcels on hoard, tended to oheck tho rapid advaneo in price, winch was the chief diane toristic of this articlo for some timo previous, but though little business was transacted during that week, prices, contrary to expectation were well sustained At auction 12|d was roallsod On Monday, tho 4th, business opened out at 18d lue day follow ing, at auction, the damaged parcels offered vv ore cleared off at 13d , but as it became know ii that the Neva Company had raised tho price of their brand to 14d , tho sound candles adv ertisod for auction sale on tha haine day wcro withdrawn for 15d A parcel of 600 boxes was sold to arrive at 14d , soicral parcels on thospot were.also quitted atl4d tho week closing vv iib sales afloat and landed at up to lljil During the follow ing week great excitement prevailed, and prices, moro especially after telegraphic news of ship ments advising only tvv cntj tons to hav o been sent for w ard from I uropo came to hand, wera run up to Is Od On tho 11th sales of parcels wore niado at 14d to 14Jd , which ero tlio afternoon was over were resold at 15|d and lud lhoîicva Company on the same day adv anced their price to 15d On tlio 12th, at auction, some 1,600 boxes slightly damaged, vv ero placed at lb 4Jd , and 1,000 boxes of Belmont», quitted in a line at Is 4d .were a few hours aftcrwards.rci>old at Is 5d The bill of lading for 200 bo\es per Wellesley was also sold at is 3d net, with all risks, besides duty and other charges The Neva Company a price vins ac,ain advanced to Is 6d Afterwards holders requited Is 0d , and the excitement in a great meosuro subsided On the 10th a tareel ol 300 boxes w as placed at Is 5d , and 1,000 boxes ami ed from Adelaide changed hands on private terms lho market appeared nithei dull subsequently, and on the morning of tho 10th a most une isy feeling existed Bj public bale, faulty lib packets were dis posedofatls 3d tels 3-¡d At thosanictimoan entire shipment of 1 000 boxes, 01b pockets Belmonte vv ere placed in a Uno at Is 3d , a declino of about 2d per lb 'towards the close of the day, however, an un proved feeling was apparent, holders evincing much more confidence, as shown by the fact that Is 4jd , offered for a paree! of 000 boxes, was refused On the ¿Oth and 21st the market rallied, and ii laree business was transacted, upwards of 6,500 bo\es were resold in parcels at prices fully Ud per lb hillier than those accepted two dajs before, os muchas Is 4'd ivis obtained for ülb i aekets of Belmonts, and tho mar ket now close« with holders linn at Is Od , the Kev a Companj s price being Is 5d Cement-lhere is little« lo roi ort in this article Stocks aro cbiellj held by the trade A fruitless attempt has been made by holders of tho few p\rcels outside of these to establish an advance to the extent oi the proposed new duty, but as none of these ship monta hav o come under the Impost, buyers have re fused to respond, and the latest sale of imported Port- land is ashlpment of Johnstons, placed at 10s Od net Of .Ameiican plaster, which is much wanted, the market is entirely cleared, andshipments to a moderate extent now dro] pine. In could not fail to realise a long ligure Chemicals -Tlio market for these goods has boon quiet Soda crystals have been stcadj at tho adv ance established last month, and at the close of the present look as if likely to co luther Shipments have been quitted this week at ¿10 in quantity, and at tlO 10s to £11 for smaller parcels Carbonate, as tho season ib over, lins declined to ¿30 Caustic soda has been cxtrcmclj dillicultto movo prices have ranted from ¿23 10s to ¿25 10s lartaric acid lias leon main tallied at 2s 2d to 2s 3d , a shipment placed on the market did not brine, ov cr Is lOid Cream of tartar lb disposed of «lowly at Is 3d 1 lour of sulphur has met vv ith little notice at £10 for shipments to ¿20 and £21 for trade parcels Arsenic has remained nominal at ¿10 to £12, but no sales hav c been made Pre pared Chinese o] lum, unsettled by the chances in the tariff, is for the present w lthout a reliable quotation Chicory -Only a yen moderate amount of business has been transacted, and though quotations do not exceed those of lost month, 2Jd and 3d in bond, the market is altogether firmer Coffee-Hie trade having been woll supplied, and preferring to w ork off stocks rather than operate in the market, transactions have been quito unimportant, and pnces generally remain unaltered lor No 1 plantation, lOJd lins been required , low qualities of Java have been offering at Sid to8'tl but for the finer grades up to Od has been wanted Native Ceylon, hitherto scarce, has been quoted 81d , and Manilla 7?d to 8d Tlio Antelope, from Colombo vv ith the lirst caito of the new season s crop arrived this week Tho entire cargo was offered for salo on tho 21st, but tliero boing no bidders boy omi OJd , the whole was withdrawn for lOd , and a proportionate price for native rho Invcmgio and Blick YYatch, now on tho way, aro expected shortly to arrive Conlectiouery -lho market bus been ionievvhat heavy, dealers generally showing littlo Inclination to pul chase at tlio prices now required 1er helliers confections prices arc firm at lOid YVothirspoon s arc quoted at lOJd to lOJd Jujubes cannot bo sold ?under 13Jd to 14d Candled peel has been disposed of at 0jd to lOJd for orango and lemon, citron has ruled at Is Id to Is 2d Cordage-lho demand, which has been moderate throughout, has been amply met by tho local foctorles at unaltered rates, v \i, ¿58 for lln and ov er, and 7id perlb forsi/es under lin Manilla, Unto sizes,has been quoted £48, ululo smaller assortments havo been quoted up to £55 At auction, on tho 21st i shipment was quitted at prices ranting from £40 10s to C5Ü10S lho Ainiuon, arrived this week, briugs 1500 bales of hemp Isle of Man rope, Jin to Sill , is quoted ¿51 ltiibslun cordage is v alucd at £02 to ¿63 Common hitrope rope is almost unsaleable at our quotations of C32 to £30, in assortments Bengal lines aro notv allied atov cr ¿32 to £¿á Seaming twines realise 12d to 12 Jd, and shop tw liles bring 12Jd to ldld 1 ish -Tlie markot has presented a decided im provouietit Of ling though inferior samples con tmue to be still quoted 4Jd to 41d , sales of fine descriptions havo been niado at fil to 6Jd Salt herrings, in half barrels, have declined to 31s to 32s , firkins bring 10s Sardines after falling to 8s anil 5s , attracted speculative attention, and 1,011101 600 cases havo been disposed of at prices rising to 8s 0d for halves, and fs Od for quarter, and wo now quoto 8s Od to 0s, and 5s Od to 0s re rcspcctli ely lib salmon has ruled at 10s Oil to 17s for Scotch or Morton s A shipment of Californian vv as sold at If s lib herrings aro finn at 8s to 8s 3d Stocks of red herrings in tins aro in the hands of one firm, who ask as Kith as 38s to 40s lib oysters have been sold In quantity as low as8s lOJd , but havo become firm again at 0s 3d to 0s Od lib lobsters, alter touching 7s 3d, have recovered again, and are saleable at 7s Od to 8s rniits-lho market is still barely supplied, with currants, and as a demand is sprinting up importers hav e succeeded in placing the few small parcels that havo lately arrived at 4¿d to 4Jd Muscatel raisins aro in somewhat slow bale, at SJd toOd for Cape we quoto 7id to8d and Wenics uro valued at a like rate Tigs aro placed at 7d to 7jd , a small parcel faulty was quitted as low a¡>4d to6Jd by auction Hour and Grain -The market for breadstuffs has been in a mcasuro prostnto for tho treatcr part ol tlio month, and for the last two or three weeks has been labouring under tho evil effects of a duty pro j posed to bo imposed bj the prcsont Government As supplies from Adelaide, however, havo been on an e-vceedinglj moderato scale, an advanco equal to the intended duty has boon realised , but, as a matter of course, transactions have been on the most limited | scale lho export trade with Ivcw /onlund Is hoped to bo retained to homo extent bj supply Ing Adelaide flour in bond but as far as regards V ictorian trade, this can only bo dono at tho expenso of the pro tectiou proposed to be supplied, othcrvv ise tlio sacri lice of tho intercolonial trade must bo tho conso quenco The intended duty is equal to 5d per bushel on wheat, and 18s per ton on tlour Prices ol Adelaide flour havo ruled at ¿12 10s to ¿13 per ton in bond, for best town Adelaldo brands, and LU 10s to £14 duty paid Country brands havo brought £12 to ¿1210s, UllOs to £12 is quoted for Californian, and ¿0 to ¿010s for Chilian For w heat tlio market closet, with a stcadj aspect, at 6s Id to 6s Od for sound Californian and South Australian Thoro is no Chilian offering, and very little Victorian wheat has jet come forward D10 following embrace the principal transactions of tho month -On tho 2Sth ultt , tho arrival of tlieGeiieral Cobb, wltlil,326 sacks wheat, 3,433 sacks barley, and 0,620 sacks oats, and pf the Commodore, with 300 tons Cliovallcr barloy, both from San I raiiclsco, »as announced Hie liar vest Home, from the Minc quarter (telctniphed a few days befoie) with 2,700 quarter sacks flour, 1,H45 sacks wheat, 2,410 backs burley, and 0,114 s.u.! s oats, also reached Hobson s Bay and the arrival of tho Denis Brundrit, from rome, with 030 tons wheat, was made known at samo time Dunng tlio week onding 4th instant, the value of Adelaide flour underwent little actual chanto, though, lu consequence of the market hav Ing been pretty well cleared out of old, and supplies of now not coming forward so freely as wished, prices stiffened somewhat lho new flour, which arrived by the Aldinga on the 31st vv cnt readily into tlio hands ol tho trade, at ¿12 6s to ¿12 16s for best town brands, for country brands £12 was quoted The new Adelaide wheat, to hand bv sauio convey anco, realised 5s 3d to Is 4Jd to tho extent of 5,000 bushels At auction, Californian wheat, faulty, was sold at 4s Od , and 1,000 bushels Chilian also faulty, wcro quitted at 4s 3d to 4s 4Jd lho same week Mino «,000 bimbel» Californian wheat, ox iorquil, were quitted prlvatclj at 5s , and towards the close of the vvcok the Penis Brundrit s Chilian wheat (25,000 bushels) changed hands In 11 Uno at 4s 8d lu the baj, for transhipment On the 2nd of tlio präsent month 2,000 bushels Chilian were placed at 4s Dd , holders, however, anticipating tho Imposition of a duty, became careless of soiling, advanced ruto for both wheat and flour being then evpected Tho following week busmoss was quiet, as, after n denial on the part of the Goveminent. It was found, with no little surprise, that the duty already referred lo was resolved upon Previous to tills becoming known, sales wcro effected on the 11th and 12th hist vv lthout reference to nnj such impost, and while town and country brands Adelaide Hour were quitted at £13 and ¿12 respectively, a shipment ol 2,7U0 sacks Californian flour w as cleared olf at £11 15s Irado parcels of Chilian wcro placed at 4s Od for sound 6,000 bushels, bj public sale, realised 4s 9d , and about a similar quantitj was sold for ship- ment at ia 0d at Sandridge Subsequently, salen ol Duffield H flour, for export, wcro niado at equal to ¿14, and country Hour was quilted at ¿13 A parcel of 2,000 bushels Californian wheat was placed on private tenus, and the week closed with holders of Californian and South Australian at fs Od to 5s Od , whilo Chilian was quoted at rt In the week ending 18th hist, for transhipment. Harts, in 1001b bags, prepared for the New Zealand market, realised £13 los in bond, and other Ade laido town brands brought £12 16s to £13 For local 1 purposes sales vv ero mado at £H 10s to £14, duty paid lho better sort of country brands realised £12 10s , and down to £12 Californian Hour was quoted at £1210s, and Victorian, £12 Sales of wheat havo notbeen of much consequence Some r>,000 bushels of Californian xvero disposed of at up to Ss IJtl During the past wock transactions continued confined to supply lug trade requirements and meeting a limited demand for export nt unaltered rates Oats ha\ e boen quito necjcctcd, quotations of colonial bax c ranged from 3s Od to 3s Od ,'and of Californian from 3s 3d to 3s Od Inbarley somelittlobuslncssliasboentransacted Tho cargo of the Commodore, 300 tons Chevalier, was indented for one of our local maisters Some 13 000 bushels Californian Capo barley havo changed hands at 3s , and prices liav e since become somew hat firmer XVe quote 3s 2d to Js 4d Malzo has declined to 4s to 4s 4d , according to quality Bran has ruled at Is 2il to Is 3d Colonial oatmeal lias been steadily maintained at £24 to £25 Scotch has been quoted £22, and Scotch pearl barley has realised £24 to £21 Gunpowder-On blastlnc, powdor no improvemoiit can bo reported, the market, which is heavily over stocked having throughout tho month been xv lthout any sales to refer to \\\ o quoto for common brands, 4Jd to 4Jd , and for good brands, fd to öjd Hops-î>otttitlistandhig the very favourable report of the homo market, business in this product has not been stimulated thereby, sales lu most instances liming been limited to the supply of mero trade wants at 2s 3d to 2s 4d for «J, Is Od to Is lOd for 05 and Is 3d to Is Od for older grow ths The heavier holders of stock aro careless of soiling, being very sanguine of a larj,c advance ero long Malt -lho market, owing to the Immense quantities of Californian bailey which have been imported and turned into colonial malt at so much les» than LUL, hsh eau bo Imported, has maintained a most depressed appearance, and even tho favourable advices by last mail havo failed to cause a diversion in its favour Since the mail caine m tlio market has nominally improved, but no sales haxe been effected XXe quote 11s 3d to 11s Od , but holders vy ould accept of low el rates to induce sales Metals -The market has been dull and inanimate, and without the slightest buoyancy Transactions, generally speaking, hay e been of little account, prices nominally showing little or no alteration on last mouths quotations Holders of pier iron being firm in their refusal to accept of such prices as might lead to speculative inquiry, sales have been trifling, quotations being £4 to £4 6s Tlio demand for gahanised iron lias been improving of late, and keeping pace with the supply, prices have been well supported , Scotch, 24, 20, and 28 gauge, has been steadily quitted at £2r 10s, £27 10s , and £2010s rtspectiv ely, the common brands of LULJISII hay e realised £20 for 24 gau0o and £20 10s for 20 tauge, whilo the finer brands have been placed at £31 to £32 for 20 gauge, and up to £34 for superior makes Bar and rod iron hay e been disposed of at £12 for trade orders and at £11 for entire inv olees Plates and sheet Iron are quite neglected, the former being nominally quoted £1210s to £13, and the latter £12 to £13, according to condition and assortments 1 ho demand fur the season being now over, hoop iron has been slow of sale at£12 to £1210s lhe stock of fencing w ire ow nig to decreased shipments, having become re duccd, the market is firm at £ 121,1s and£14 for Nos 4, 6 and 0 rolled, 0, 7, and b drawn boing disposed of at £1010s, U7 10« , and £18 10s Pig lead is difficult to moy o at £24 10s Sheet lead is neglected at £20 , and pipe lead is a allied at £27 Shot has boen dis posed of at £27 to £27 10s, tliouji there are holders at moro money Ew bank s nails meet w ith a market at 16 per cent off list, and American cut command 23s for larte and 20s to 27s for small sl70s lho large shl| ment of tin plates reported as coining for ward afictt the market which lias commenced to decline, tlioy being difficult of salo at thirty per cent ndv once Hollow aro is slow ly improv mg, the demand being botter than for somo time post Cood in voices obtain notico at thirty two per cent to thirty flvo per cent off list Tlio usual seasons inquiries for American hardware hato led to a fair trade Collins s and Sharpes heavy axes com mand 72s lo 73s , and tho same makers heavy picks ieallse40s Ames long handled shovels are saleable at c-Os, and Day s D handed aro disposed of at 40s Oils -in anticipation of a duty being imposed, kerosene early m the mouth was operated in more extensively Over 3,000 cases were placed in parcels in tho lietliining of the first week of the month, at prices rising to 3s 3d for best brands but the uneer tnlnty regarding tho amount of duty « inch may ultl mately bo imposed which has since prevailed, and the fact that 30,000 cases are now know ii to bo on the vv ay for tlic colonies, has almost paralysed business Quo talions aro nominal at Is Bil for best, and 3s Od for second brands Castor, hay big been bought largely at 4s 9d , was afterwards run up to 5s 3d , at which, or close on that, some 000 cases chanted hands again Holders of linseed ask much hither rates-5s to 6s 3d - hut as none of the stock in bond has been subjected to the new Impost occasional sales still continue to come under our notice at 4s Od for bulk, and 4s Od for drums, as buyers only operato w ith extreme caution Colza is in botter request, stocks are, however, large, and the quantity coming forward is also beyond requirements, bulk commands 5s 3d, and drums fs Od Ulive is firm at 0s for bulk, and 0s Gd for drum Chinese is without any transactions, quotations remain steady at 0s 3d Palm oil is some what lower, being more dltiicult to mov o at £45 Oilmen s Stores-The business dono in stores has been but trifling, and notwithstanding that stocks hay o becoiiio«so much reduced that even in the auc tlon mart, the only ontlot for such goods for nearly a twelv eniouth past, no invoices but those of the most paltry description tan bo nietwlth, the improvement in value lins licon slight, and only limited to one or two articles as yet Bottled fruits have been sold, in limited lots, at 10s to 11s for assorted and black currants 1 Ickles, common brands, aro quitted at 7s to 7s Od , and medium brands at 8s to 8s Od C and B command 0s to 0s 3d Ln0llsli jams lind buyers at 8s 0d to 0s Salad oils, in quarts, arc valued at 20s to 22s Od pints are disposed of at 10s Od to 10s. Üd , half pints have been sold at 7s Half pints castor oil arc scarce and realise 0s Sauces command 0s Col mun s mustard is rising, wo quotebd to fejd for 71b tins, 12s for lib tins, and 7s for li lives The extremo ilturc of Old has been refused for a pul eel of ten tons white starth, 7d being required Blue starch is neglected aparecí of Jones s was sold utJ'd Col man s thumb blue sells at OJd XV 1 arrow root w as quitted at 5Jd , sago realises 2]d , vermicelli and mac caroni bruit Od tolOd Quart« callsfoot jelly realise "0s Od Quarts vinegar liav e boen placed at Ss 3d Soap pow der brings 7s 10¿d Black pcp| or is slow of sale at 3jd , ami wluto pepper comm inda Od Blciched ganter sold at lUd , ground tinter, OJd , mixed spice at Is 3d to Is öd , und cassia (tround)nt Is 5d 1 roy liions -A sudden demand has spi ung up for buttci, and being well sustained pi ices have ad x anted from lid to 13d, a few hundred firkins chuutint hands Towurds tho close of tho month tho demand for hams and bacon, previously very languid, became much more animated, for though one or two largo parcels went Into the hands of speculators, it was not until the tuno referred to tlint the dealers generally were stirred to more activity About SOO eases of \aroys und Sinclairs were placed at prices rising to 14Jd for trade parcels The larger sales, however, could not be effected without a considerable concession on this price Campbells have been sold nt 12d , 12Jd , and ldd In bond Good parcels ot eheeso havo been in request, wo quote 12Jd to ljld , according to quality Quicksilver -I Ittlo business has transpired during the month, tlio depression existing in the mining districts haying precluded any chance of an inipiove ment Prices haxe ruled at -s 2d to 2s 2Jd Klee-Hie marked caution with which operations have been conducted In this market cm only bo accounted for by the fact that tho season xvas at a close, and as it is well known that when new Pama rico appears old decreases m value several pounds per ton, dealers haveavolded as much as possible buying, save to supply immediate wants Quotations of old have been maintained at £24 to i¿5 lho damatcd portion of the Aurífera s cargo, 1,000 bags, was quitted early in the month 1 rom Calcutta, xve are advised of the departure of tho Sireno, the Coll Anea and Eldorado were left loading The flrstnamed has since arrived, and the entire carto Ielng offered at auction on Iriday. seventy five tons xv ero sold under tho hummer at £27 The balance, and also all the cargoes advised by last mail to arriv e, hay e chanted hands, and quotations now rungo from £28 for twenty ton parcels to £20 for smaller lots 1 or Java, a t0o*l demand has been experienced e)n the 12th 2 876 bags, forming a portion of tho XX'cllint tons carto, from Batavia, were placed under the hammer at £23 17s Od to £24 2s Oil Salt,-1 lie market has been remarkably vv eil sus turned Tlio Morning Light arrived with 400 tons conreo and fine, the Lllen Stuart lu ought 280 tons, and tho Boyal Oak 235 tons About 000 tons of coarso mid fine wero quitted in parcels, and tho market closes with a steady look at £4 10s for coarse and £4 17s Od to £6 for Hue, m trade parcels Saddlery, &c; -An extensivo salo of Campbell's sad dlcry was held on Thursday, tho 14th inst, and fully twenty five per cent, advance on recent prices was realised The attendance of buyers, both town and country, was good, and the biddings xvero spirited Tlio prices obtained were as follows -Gig, cab, and bugty harness broutlit £5 to £515s , gcntlcnions snoaies, £210s to £3 5s , ladles do , £4 lus to £7, ladies bridles, 10s to 23s , tcutlcmcn s do , 6s Oil to Os 0d , hotskins, 10s to lus each, chamois skins, 1-s to 10s ] er dû/.en A largo assortment of spurs, bits, saddle cloths, webbing, serte, ic , was also sold, the prices 1er which caine up tully to tlio expectation of the vendors Slates -A ¡Ktrccl of 50 000 slates ex Kingston and Speculator, was d'sposed of by public sale on X\ed ncsdny ¿i x 12 brought £18 ptr 1 000, 22 x 12, £10 6s , 20 x 12, £14 15s , 20 x 13, £13, and 14 \ 12, £8 2s Oil Stationery -On Monday, tile 4th Instant, the entire btoek In the estate of Messrs Cowberry and Kelly was disposed of by public auction, when the following prices were realised -White demy paper realised OJd per lb , troy brought 3Jd to 4Jd , double demy, OJd , bag cap 4Jd to "ijd , confectioners' bags, 4}d toüd .troccre at4d , gray and brown paper, 3d to 4d per lb , envelopes, 6s to 0s 3d per l,u00,anda lui'te stock of ledgers, journals, audtcnoral stationery was sold tit full rutes, also Harrold and bon s print hit machine, which was disposed of at £125 Albion press was quitted at £24, paper cutting machine wits plated nt £45 A largo assortment of type realised lromlOd to 3s Od per lb , block typo, 2s to 6s 3d per dozen lho stock in the estate of Mr XV B Stephens was albo disposed of under the hammer, by instructions from the trustees, and satisfactory prices, oltotcthcr, were realised bott doods -The post month has been marked by a continuation of the extreme dullness which li us for homo time existed in this branch, excess!vo importa lions combined xvith a falling off in the demand, and the closiut up of the outlet for touds to tho other colonies aro proving most disastr jus to the importers Business has also been seriously injured during tho month owing to the uncertainty which has existed letardlng tho tariff lho imposition of a five per cent duty on fiicco goods while al tho same timo no drawback is alio»ed for transhipment after once being cleared at the Customs, has put the finishing struko on tho intercolonial t-ado m regard to sott toods, while the retail dcalcis defer in iking their purchases until tho question Is settled Some of tho principal linns have been compelled to reduce tho number of their hands in consequence, and tw o old established houses liav o had to succumb to tho près siiro of tlio times At no former jicrlod in tho history of the colony has there existed a meru uns itisfactory state of thints in the soft goods business than at the present time Sugar -A largo trado has been dono in this staple, and an advance of several pounds on last mouths prices has been established The arrivals during the month hav cheon considerable, but cargo alter cargo continues tobeabsorbed without making the slightest Impression, or causing stocks to accumulât« in tho hands of tho dealers On the 1st of tho month tho cartu of the Marmora, from Mauritius, was offered tórsalo Tho cargo consisted of 7,012 bags, of which 6,020 bags wcro soldat 24s to 24s 3d for low rations to ¿Ss Od for finest rations , 34s 3d for good to 35s (ni for fine counters, "ils öd to 37s for good to finest yellow crystals, 88s Od for middling to Sfls Oil for good white crystals, prices which established a small odvanco on most descriptions The portion of tho cargo unsold comprised brown and ratlou sorts, for winchimportersvvaiitcdanadvance,the very lo» prlcos ruling being much below cost 1,000 mats of damaged Jav a sugar vv ero quitted at prices equally satisfactory On Thursday, the 7th the cntiro cargo of Madagascar sugar ox St. Pierro was offered, when about two thirds of the cargo, amounting to 4,000 bags, sold as per bulk, found buyers at £21 15s for low iatlons, to t20 6s for medium counters On tho day following two cargoes-those of tho Anglia and tho Atlas- com prising 13,000 bags, wcro offered bv public salo, of which 7,000 bags found bujerb, vv lthout causing much alteration in prices nations realised 25s \,ooA browiib, 31s Od , medium counters brought ¿2s (¡d to 33s , and t°° 3)s Cl1 t0 W* . 84s Od to 35s was obtained for good yellow crystals , and 38s Od to 40s for good to white crystals Four cargoes arrived during tho week, tho greater portion of three cargoes has, however, been disposed of The Helen, which arrived off tho heads on Monday, the 4th, has boen ordered on to Sydnoy Last week considerable excitement prevailed in the market In conséquence of the receipt of Ylaurltius advices to the Oin January, confirming previous re ports of short crops mid adv nnccd prices, and, fur- thermore, estimating that out of 30,000 tons ol all sorts of sugar remaining lu the island for shlpmont only 0,000 tons would bo available for Australia, and sales at the close of the week show an ad vaneo of 30s toJOs per ton over the rates realised at lost week's public sales On tho 11th the cargo of the lane Hell was disposed of at Geelong, and an advance of 10a to 15s on white crystals was obtained On the 12th some 2,600 bags ot Java sugar, ex YY ellington, wore placed at ¿35 16s to £37 for grcj crystals, and C31 10s for brown crystals On tho 14th, In anticipation of an advance next day, some J COO bags changed hands on pnvato terms On the 15th, the cargo of tho Elizabeth, from Yhuritlus, consisting of 5,110 bags sugar, was offered for sale, all of which passed under the hammer, but one lot of tralnj white- at 20s Od to 20s for middling to good rations, 32s for low counters, 37s Od to 38s Od for fine to finest do , 30s to 10s Od for middling jellow crystals, 41s 3d for middling white do 1 heso prices cstubllbh an advance of 20s to 30s on last rates The attendance of the trade was good, and the bidding fair 1 he balance of the cargo of the Atlas also from Mauritius, consisting of J.10O bags sugar, was likowiso placed in a h"o at prices in advance of the public sale The Victoria Sugar Company nt the samo time made sales much more frcclj and moro extensively than usual, and an advance of ¿2 in their prices was also announced on the 16th , for their lirst white ¿45 10s is now required, for second white £42 10s, for first counter ¿30, and for their C bugar ¿3510s On tlio 18th the damaged portion of the Ylannora, amounting to 000 bags, was placed at fair rates , on the 22nd the cargo of Bourbon sugars, ex Ylont Riant, consisting of 20,000 mats, vvns offered for sale aid the auctioneer succeeded in quitting 12,000 bags at prices fullj sustaining the advance referred to Tea.-Ylcssrs, J Curio ltobei tson and Co , in their circular for the China market, roport as follows - 1 Altogether, tho tnulo during the month has been satisiaetorj, ptices have boen pretty well maintained, and importers hav e been linn at about last month s quotations A few odd lots certainly hay o been sold ot rather under quotations, without affecting prices lhere has been no speculative inquiry , in fact, lho market looks in another direction, and at the pre sent time is so sensitive that any slight pressure would lower it This view may bo placed be youd a doubt from the fact that notwithstanding our large stoek in excess of last year, wo are enabled to import from Sy dney market at prices sufficiently low to competo with our own lu biokcn leaf little bos been done, but in good ordinary to good common there has been fair inquiry llicsc kinds aro betting bcarcc Sales have been mndo of blackish loaf kinds, strong to strong and llavourj, at from Is 7jd to Is Od , liaison kinds, rather strong, at Is lod to 2s A few lines of old seasons oonams and ulng chows havo been placed at Is 8d to Is 8d dutj paid HUB is a reduction in value, but the weight ot packages being over 1001b made them very unsaleable line lvaisovvs have also met with attention, and 2s 6il lo 2s 5Jd were obtained for seven! chops The caigo ot teas ex Melbourne was sold at Adelaide, chests fetching ¿7 10s to ¿012s , halves, ¿317s Od to ¿414s 0d , boxes, 27s 8d to 28s 8d timpow der, 2s 2d , and orange pekoe, 2s 0{d At by dney large sales have been mado e\ Lui how, China, Rantipole, Daiinovcrkc, &.c , at prices under our quotations The first-named cargo was sold bj auction No 5fetched ¿712s , No 0, ¿010s,, No 11, toils , 1,0 13, ¿Jills Od , No 20, ¿7 4s , ivo 27, ¿0 17s to ¿7, and one line as high as 2s 4d por lb Scented Orange Pekoo is rither easier, green teas are also lower Public sales-lhere has been nothing sold under the hammer worth atten- tion The arrivals have been the Albert lnoss, seventy three days to Sydney, and the Yiolroso, fifty si* days to Adelaide Our quotations aie - Congou, broken loo chow, lOd to lid , ordinary to tood ordinary, lljd to Is 2d , mixed loaf kinds, Is 3}d to Is 4¡d , m,\ed leaf with littlo llavour, Is 5d to Is OJd , blackish leaf kinds, Is Od to Is 7d , do, strong, Is 7Jd to Is 8d , do, strong, with llavour, Is 8¿d to Is lOd , do, Kalsow kinds rather stiong, Is lOd to 2s Id , do , pekoe souchong and pekoe Hay oin-, 2s Id to 2s 3d , do, fine rich pekoe souchong flay our, 2s Id to 2s (Id , do, Very line du, Js , vr>rj low,8d to Hil , souchong, common, none , middling to line, none , extra fine, none, orango pekoe, scented ordinary and broken, is 2d , do, good to fine, Is Od to Is Sd , do , finest, Is lOd tto 2s 2d , caper, scented common to middling, none, do , middling to line, Is fad to Is lOd , do , finest, 2s Jd , by son skin, Canton, nominal, oil to (k1 , into common to fine, 71d to lOd , hjson, common, Od to Is , good to fine, Is 3d to Is Ou , tinest, Is Ud to 2s , young hjbou, Canton and tu unlay kinds, 8d to lb Id .Looil jcllowibh leaf to lino hyson llavour, Is 8d to ¿s Od , tunpovv der, Canton, lid to Is lOd , couiitiy Muds, 2s ii to 2b Od , imperial Canton lid to Is 2d , country kinds, Is Od to 2s Abtivo quotations aie at per Ib In bond for chests (boxes being worth 2Jd to Jd per lb more) Duty on tea In \ ictoria, 3d per Ib limber-The market has not been cv.tcn-J.iory dealt in Deals have not been active , prices, how- ever, havo been maintained at ljd for 0 x J Hie Lvcuing Stars catto was quitted at a. lower rate than now quoted, but this shipment had pievlouslv been sold privately, and uftervvards rejected Ibis circo consisted of 1,531 red deals, 0 x 4, which were disposed of at J 16 lud to 4 1 lOd , J.150 do , 11 x 3, realised 4 1 lud to 4 J lOd , 4,340 do, 0x3, bioutht 4Jd to 4Jd , SOO do , 7 x 3, sold at 4 5 led , 3,700 do 7 x 2J, at 4Jd to 4 11 32d , 552 boards, Oxl, brought 4 5 lOd , 1,20« do , 8 X 1,4|d , 2 418 do , 7 X 1, 4 5 10(1 , J 104 do , 0x1, 1 3 lOd -all per foot 0x3 Tile Scotch floor ing ex Kaiidolph was also emitted all faults. 3J2,0O0ft realised as follow s -0 x 1£, 1 and 0 ,rcd, hrouthtl2b 3d per 100ft , do , white, 12s Jd to 12s Od do , 0 xi, red, 10s 0d do , do , white, 10s Od do , 0 x }, do , 8s 3d , 0 x ¿, do , 7s to 7s Od , do , four out weatherboards sold at 7s Od to 8s do lho cargo per Australian was offered on tlio C-th, but the trade showing no inclination to operate, tho whole had to bo withdrawn On the same day, 81 lo¿s cedar, ex Iravoller, realised 10s Gd to 20s Od. per lOOIt, and 650 boards, do , were sold at 2Jd to JJd per toot super also, ex Commodore, nil faults, 4O,O00ft Oregon, 0 x 3 to 10 \ 10, brought £5 10s to ¿7 5s perlOOOft On tho If th the extensiv e cargo of lumber and spruce deals recently airly ed by the Y\ estern Chief was offered for sale, and disposed of at tho following prices -440 super ft white pine shelving, brought ¿U 10s lier 1,000ft , 1,114 do ,41n clear pine (undressed), ¿17 10s , 27,406 do , Sill do , ¿17 2s Od , J88 do , 4In carpenters clear do , ¿10 7s Oil , 22,200 do , Jin do , ¿14 17s Od , ¿15, 748 do , 2in do , ¿14, 21 pieces 4in clear white pine dials, 7m to 10m wide, ¿17 10s , 000 do 31n do , Oin to 23m do , ¿17 2s Od , 70 do 2in do , Oin to lilli do , ¿14 7e Od , 7J do 4ln white pine deals, 7in to 221n do , ¿0 7s Od , 4,217 do 3in do , Oin to 23ln do , ¿0 5s to ¿015s , 053 do 2in do , Oin to Hin do , ¿ä 7s Od to ¿8 16s , 388,131 lineal ft. 0 x J 1 and Q spruce flooring, realised 8s Od and 8s Od per 100ft , JJ5,JS1 do 0 x I1 do , 10s to 10s Ud , 24,303 do 0 x 1 do . 0s Od , 248 do 4i x I1 do , 0s Od , 0.J00 do 5 x t do , rm Od , 10,184 do 4l x J do, 5s Od , 23,730 do 4} x J do , Os , 18,078 do O x 1310 do , as Od , l8 ¿80ft do U¡ x i do , 4k 3d , 25.770ft super 0 x J 1 mid G white pine, 0s , 0 770ft do 61 x J do , 8s , 14,000ft do 44, x i do , 0s Spruce deals, 5 x 2 to 14 x 2, 3 1 llld to 4 ll-10d per foot, J.OOO pieces 5ft white pine picket«, J x 3, ¿5 16s per 1,000ft , 0,450 do , 4Jft do , J x 3, ¿7 10s to £5 5s do , 8,100 do , 4ft do , i \ 3, ¿4 10a to ¿5 17s Od do , 250 do , 4ft do , i x 3, ¿4 10s to ¿5 17B (k1 do , 4,850 do , 6ft spruce do , 1 x 3, ¿6 15s do , 0 050do,4ift do. ix J, 10 6s do ,1,476 do, 4ft do , J x 3, ¿6 7s Od do Scotch flooilngand weather boards, ox Tirzah-40,424ft 0 x li 1 and G red flooring, 12s (Id per 100, 44,072ft 0 x J do vvhlto do, 10s Od do , 21,706ft 0 x. J do red do, 8s Sd do , 77,320ft 0 x j red lining, 6« Od , 44,044ft, four out w cathcrboards, 8s 3d do Cedar, ex School- boy- 82,000ft cedar, in log, 18s 3d tu 2os 3d per 100ft , 8,000ft do , In boards and scautlin.', 2Js 4d tolls Tobacco -Tho market has been characterised by considerable activ Ity for trade purposes, but being mostly confined to the jobbers and dealers, the »mount of business passing through the importers' hands has not been so treat No speculative atten tion has been directed towards the imukct, notwith- standing the low prices ruling for tvv ists, vv hich com pel the manufacturers of Barretts and Itagluns twist to intimate their intention of closing their foe tories for six months rather than supply btock at the prices hitherto ruling Fine tens and half pounds are scarce and wanted Dobney and Harriss tens realised 14Jd , and a small parcel of fine half pounds brought the extremo tlturc of Is bd Half pounds aroma tics aro wanted, and fancy aromática have been placed at 2s Jd The very unsatisfactory prices ruling for tvv ibts mako importers careless of offering, and we hear, in consequence, of some brands being for tho present withdrawn from tho market Carrier Dove, out of condition, has been sold at lOd Forty seven half tierces Logie twist were quitted at 6Jd to 8Jd Under Is 4d has also been accepted for Orion Advices for the present mall are considered very satis- factory , more so than for manj monthspast.and ageno ral Improvement is anticipated in consequence, unless this may be frustrated once more by reckless shipment from the other side At auction this week 173 pack ates tw ist and hulf pounds vv ere quitted at from 2d to lud , all faults Our trade quotations aro -Com- mon tens and half pounds, 7d to 8d , for medium, wo quote, lOd to Is , and for Southern, 14d , best YV estern realised Is 6d to Is Od , aromática, common, bring Is Od , fine realise 2s to 2s 4d , twist, Western, bel is at bd to lOd , and sound Southern alls 3d to Is Od .Barretts is quoted at 2s 3d Wo note a decline on Manilla cheroots, which arc quoted 67s for cheroots, and 00s for Havannah Sixtj eight cases imitation Manilla cheroots, Havannah, and clgorots, were sold, all faults, at Is Od to 6s 3d per 1,000 tewi.s-s cigars are nominal at 30s. YVints and Spirits -Ihe depression ruling In wines lias been in now Iso rollev ed Three extensive public sales hav e been held this vv eck, but the bujers showed so littlo disposition to operate, and tho biddings prov ed so unsatisfactory as to compel almost the vv hole to bo withdrawn Lowand medium ports andshcrries were quitted at £15 to ¿48. A small parcel of sherry vv as placed at £100 Campbell's sherry, anchor brand, was quitted at ¿JJ 10s , and port was disposed of at 1 ¿60 to £c>4 Bulk brandies hav e been equally affected by the prevailing dulncss, for with the exception of fifty hogshend« dark Martcll's brandy and a khip ment of Wards, sales have been limited to tho merest retail transactions at Os Dd for Hennessy» and Martell s pale, and up to us 3d to Os Od for dark, for C V p and U V V vye quote Os,toOs Gd,, Jules, Bobin and Co 's, in hhds and quarters, xvere quoted at Os Od In caso brandies we note sales of Hennessy s to the extent of about 3 000 to 4,000 cases, at 26s Od to 20s f 00 cases Otard s, and 1,100 cases of U V V and Martell a changed hands on private terms C V P and Vlnegrouors command 22s Od After tho budget was announced attention was somewhat cxtcnsivclj directed towards geneva, and, though no organised attempt at speculation was car ried out, the trade, in anticipation of some move ment caused by the tariff changes, went largely into stock, and well on to 15,000 cases altogether changed hands in one week, at prices ranging from Os Od to 10s Od forJBKZ up to 0s Od forV II and Co's Key was sold nt 10s , and B and V nt 8s to 8s 3d Tile heavier holders of JDKZ ask 10s Od and for V H and Co s 10s is xv anted In yellow seal, business is pendine at 12s , for small lots 1 Ja is required rho demand has since quieted down Hum has not boen nctlxc 100 quarter casks 10 o p were quitted at 3s , vv ith this exception sales hav o been trifling \X o quote 3s to Is 3d , for 30 o p 3s 3d to as Od AXhiskey, owing to high pnes at homo, is generally held for ndv anccd rates, but there Is no business doing For case we quote 8s Od toOs Od and for bulk, Is Od to 5s Old tom is disposed of nt 10s Od to 12s Ml LBOURNE MARKLÏS biTUiiDAX, FED 23 THE MILLS There is no thnnge to record since XVcdnesday, the amount of business done and tlio prices of transactions remaining unaltered Quotations are -Fine flour £12 10s , seconds, £11 10s , bran, Is to Is 3d , pollard, Is 3d to Is Gd , wheat, 5s , meal, £25 RETAIL MARKETS Prices aro without any noticeable chango in butchers meat, but bread and poultry aro both hither than during last -week Quotations aro -Beef, 4d to 7d per lb , mutton, 3d to Gd per lb , acal, 7d per lb , pork, Od per lb Poultry -Fowls, 6s to 6s Od per pair, tccse, 14s do , ducks, Gs do , turkeys, 12s to His do Cheese, Is to Is 8d per lb , cgt^, Is lOd to Is lid per dozen, butter, fresh, Is 4d to Is 5d per lb , bread, 7d per 41b loaf, milk, Od per quart, hams, Is 6d per lb , bacon, l8 to Is 4d per lb HAY MARKET Messrs Bl TITO and Moss report -" The short arrivals caused by the late rain were freely taken at former rates, and the increased supply since has mot arcady sale lho following rates rule firm -Hay, £3 to £4 6s , straw, £2 to £2 6s ' Mr JAIIKS FrvTOx reports -"Business continues as last reported Demand amply met, and prices un altered Hay, £3 to £4 5s , straw, £2 to £2 10s " LASrERN MARKLT Thcro was a much larger supply of green vegetabfes brought to market this morning and ns a conso quenco sales were not nearly so brisk as they havo been for several weeks past There was a large quan tity of peaches the bulk of which had been brought to ground by tho weather Dairy produce was well supplied, and prices remained the same as those ruling last week The following xvere tho ruling rates - Vetctables- Basil, Is lo 2s per dozen, beans, kidney, 3d to Id per lb , beet, 0U to Is per dozen , bouquets, 4s to Ss por dozen cabbages, Is to 4s per dozen, carrots, 8d to Is per dozen bunches, celery, 4s to 8s per do/en, cress curled, Is per dozen bunches, watercress. Is to Is Od per dozen bunches, cucumbers, prickly, (3d to Is per dozen, do , long spine Is to 2s Get per dozen,garlic, 3d per lb , horseradish, 2s Od to 5s per dozen sticks, lavender, Is to Is Od per ilo?en bunches lettuce. Od to Is per do/en , marjoram bd to Is per dozen Lunches, mint, 8d tola per dozen bunches, onions, dried, 3s Od to 4s per cwt , do, green, Gd 1>cr tlo/cn bundies, paisley, la to Is fid per dozen muelles, parunips-, Is to Is bd per duren bunches , peas, 2d to 2Jd per lb , potatoes, 4s to 4s Od per cw t, £4 per ton, do y oung, 3s Od to 4s per cvv t, pumpkins, 0s to 0s per dozen, radish, Od per do/.cn bunches, rhubirb, 0d to Is Od per doren bunches, sago, Sd to Is per dozen bunches shallots 3d per lb , thy me, 8d to Is per dozen bunches, turnips, Is to 2s Gd per doren hunches .tomatoes, id told perlb , vetetablo marlows, Is to 4s per dozen Fruits - Almonds, 2d toJd pi rib , apples, ljd told perlb , damsons, ljd to 2id per lb trapes, 2d to bd *>er lb , melons, water 4s to 5s per doren do , rock, 10s to lbs per dozen, do, preserving, 0d each, mul ben íes, Gd to Od per lb , nectarines, 2d to 4d per dozen , peaches, Id to Is Od per dozen , pears, 2d to 4d per ib , plums, 2d to 3d per lb Dairy Produce -Butter, Is to Is 4d per lb , cheese, Sd to lOd perlb , ducks, 4s Gd to 5s Od per pair, eggs, Is 8d to Is lOd per do/en geese, 7s to 10s per pair, bens 3s Od to 4s Od per pair, honey, 8d to Od por lb , pigeons, Is Od per pair, pork, 0d to lOd per lb , rabbits, -¡> Od to 5s per pair, sucking pigs, 12s to 10s each , turkey a, 10s to 20s per pair, hams, Is 4d to Is Od per lb , bacon, Is 3d to Is 4d per Ib LIVE STOCK Messrs. DAL-MAHOV CAUFBEMI and Co. report: " Fat Cattle.-1,175 head came to hand ; the greater portion of this number were much bettor quality than those of last week, and ns there was a large attend- ance of both town and country buyers, nn advance of fully 16s. per head took place. XVe quote best pens bullocks at from £8 to £9 10s. ; second do., from £5 10s. to £010s. ; inferior do.,from£3 to £4; best cows, from £G 10s. to £717s. Gd. ; second do., from £-tlOs. to £5 10s. ; inferior do., from £2 10s. upwards. XVe have sold 203 head from the Murrumbidgee, at from £3 2s. Od. to £7 10s., averaging £4 Gs. Fat Sheep.-The largest supply this season, viz., 20,800, the principal portion of which were only second quality, and light weights. Good to prime were sold equal to lato rates, but a considerable reduction hud to be submitted to on all other qualities. We quote prime quality wethers at from 12s. to 13s. ; good do., lroin 10s. Od. to 11s. Gd. ; inferior to second do., from Gs. to 8s. XVo havo sold 2,504 for Mr. M'Millan, at from 8s. Gd. to Os. ; 1,035 for Messrs. Lamíalo Brothers, at from 11s. 3d. to 11s. Gd ; 505 for Mr. Ritchie, at 10s.; 153 for Mr. XV. J. Clarke, at 12s. Od.; and 1,005 of Mr. Catto's ewes, nt from 5s. Od. to Os. ; nlso, outside, 1,200 . wethers, delivered at Frankston, nt Os. Fat Lamba.-1,672 poshed through the yards. As the demand is now very limited, and the greater portion of the abovo number being only second quality, busi- ness was very dull. Best brought from l)s. to 10s. Cd. ; second, from (is. to 7s. ; inferior, from 4s. Gd. to 5s. Gd. XVo have sold 131 fur Mr. D. Gorman, nt 10s. Od. ; 00 for Mr. XV. J. Clarke, at 8s. Od. ; 105 for Mr. XV. J. Harper, at 4s. Gd. ; and 200 outside, at Ga. Store Stock.-There is no movement yet in this de- scription of stock, but na the lato rains have been general throughout all tho colonies, we expect a good demand to spring up for both sheep and cattle. XVe have sold this week 1,500 bend of Mr. It. Skuthorp'a cattle, nt £2 15s. per head, dolivercd at the Murray, usual terms.'' MELBOUBNK WOOL MARKET. SATURDAY, FEB. 23. Messrs. R. GoiiisiiRoeou and Co. report :-" The quantity offering during tho past month lias been larger than usual at this late period uf the season, a total of 4,607 bales having been catalogued, of which about 2,000 bales have changed hands. Competition has been tolerably well-maintained, but the ten- dency has been iii favour of buyers, present prices being about a halfpenny per lb. lower than at tile cor- responding period of last month. This is attributable to the less favourable advices received from England, it being evident that tho anticipated high rates of March and succeeding sales in London, aro not likely to be established, the November and December scries, which were expected to rule at advanced figures, having closed at barely September rntes. From the lower rango of quotations for English wool, dear nebs of brcadstulis, and want of animation in the northern manufacturing districts, it seems doubtful if we can look for high prices ; consequently, buyers on this side are exercising increased caution in their operations. The class of wools now coming forward arc nut lu such good condition as tho earlier shorn flocks ; mid this will, to a certain extent, account for the lov^ cr rango of quotations, A considerable pro- portion ia the remnants of clips previously disposed of, mid there aro hut few largo lots open for sale. The following shipa have cleared for England during tho month with wool on board :-1807.-January 30 -Swiftsurc, for London, d.608 bales ; February 0-Donald Mackay, for London, 8,138 do. ; Fob ruary 7 - Young England, for London, 3,535 do. ; February IG-Superb, for London, 1,010 do. ; February 23-Darra, for London, 3,281 do. ; total, 18,132 do. ; previous clearances, 124,051 do; 'i otal, October 25,18ÜÖ, to date, 142.783 bales. Prices Current.-Greasy-Inferior to ordinary, 7d. to Ud. ; ordinaiy to avcrago, Od. to lOd. ; good to superior, lid. to Is. Id. Fleece-Inferior to ordinary, Is. 3d. to Is. 6d. ; ordinary to average, Is. Od. to Is. 8d. ; good to superior, Is. Od. to 2s. 2d. Scoured-Ordinary, Is. 6d. to Is. 8d. ; good, Is. Od. to Is. Hil. ; superior, 2s. to 2s. 3d. Hides.-Prices remain about the same as quoted lost month, with but limited supply. Tho only clearanco has been a shipment per Young Eng- land, for London, consisting of 3,380 hides, and 700 calfskins. Tho Jlacduff Is loading for tho same port. Current rates are:-Inferior to ordinary, 4s. Od. to 7s. tod. ; average to good, 88. Gd. to 11s. ; superior heavies, 18s. to 16s. Tallow.-Thci o is an improved demand both for colonial use and shipment, and prices havo advanced. XVo quote beef, £33 to £35 ; mixed, £34 to £30 ; and mutton, £30 to £30 per ton. Clearances aro :-Per Swiftsurc, for London, 171 casks ; Donald M'Kay, '278 casks ; Superb, 2U casks, Total, 478 casks. SUMMARY OF SALES THIS MONTH. I No. of .No. of Sales. I Bales ' offered, sold. Bales It. Goldsbrough and Co. Tho London and Australian Agency Company Cuiiingham and Macredie C. J. Dennys and Co. .. Fyfe and M'Kcnzlo 2,057 058 510 114 68 1,781 300 240 114 Total 4,607 2,683 Tins LONDON AND AUHTRAUAN AOKXCY CO>U*ANV (Limited) furnish the following report for transmission per R.M.8.S Bom bay : - " Wool.-Since our la t monthly report there have been four wool sales held by public auction, and the total number of bales cata- logued and submitted has not exceeded 4,500. Tills shows a considerable reduction in comparison with the larger quantities offered during tho last few montlis, and tho season 1800-7 is now drawing rapidly to a close. During the month there has been less attention paid to the progress of tho sales than has been the case in any other similar period since the commencement of tho season, For this state of things two causes may bo assigned ; first and mainly the uncertainty which exists on the minds of operators in this market as to how the London sales of 1607 witl open out, and secondly tlio inferior class of wool, which at this period of the year finds its way to this market. As we havo before re- marked, the decline in the range of prices arises more from this latter causo than In any actual reduction in the Intrinsic commercial value of the coniSi Tlio wools now coming into store are not T "a '& racier to Inv to oven an active competition . and £ behove that these causes are sufficient toaccount hi the reduction in rates to which we haveTrefe,?« hi moro especially as buyers have not appeared anilm« to operate to any material extent, i ÄX that rates havo been ruling in their favour fe returns received in Molbounio from London hvlLS December mull aro not of such a character »I? altogether satisfactory to shipper«, anÄ",,^ foro, be assumed to have relatively affectT k"re" of this market and the amount of ¿¿MS? ÖS B tico the receipt of those advices. Tlie great l,,i? . the Victorian clip has now- lieen disposed of If although occasional small tales may bo held áníS?" tho coming month, they will "ot bo of suänt "?5 nltudo or im|)ortanco to disturb to any nmirLBf" extent the numbers reported a, the totaf oî tEÄ clip. Some few parcels of New Zealand w-ooVw been offered in this market; but, althoZh ,i,2 wools have, .generally speaking, been in good condf tion the linces offered for thom have not been °na. to tho valutions of owners, and, in consequence S greater proportion of them has been bou- t in ÏÏ rates be ow those at which they were purcliasc?' New Zealand. Tlie quantity of wool shipÄl " approximates very closely to that reported as having been shipped from this port during the season S Tlio undermentioned ships have sailed with «£5 freights slnco our last report ¡-January lo. CluunidT. of the Seas (Geelong),' 8,440 bales ; JainTv'sT Swiftsure, 1,508 bales; February « Z3, M'Kay,. 8,138 bales; February 7, Yomi."°Sd land, 3,535 bales; February 10, Sunerb° ímñ bales ; and February 22, Darra, 3,387 bales : 'maliiiu. a total of 20,087 bales, to which add iroS shipments from 10th October, 180Ü, 121163 hS making a grand total of 147,840 bales. The folloS have been the weekly shlpmoiits slnco our liest T 1)0,rt:_í',Üor- tL,,%WeC¿ ïldi"K "><"""uy Ü0, 2,503,7451b valuo £18«,802; February 2, 1,150,4271b rahm £70,233; February 0, 2,S09,7031b., value £17<Ä February 10/1,414.2171b., value £105,803 ; ¿mkli'i, li total of 7,438,1821b., valuo £530,070, to w'iiîch Li previous shipments from October 10,1800; to Jam«T 1«, 1807, 25,364,14711)., value £1,818,002; "ÏÏK grand total of 32,702,3201b., vuluo £2,858 878 K shipments of tallow for tho month havo been'is Vi low:-Svviftsuro, 171 casks; Donald Mackayvi casks ; Superb, 20 casks ; making a total of m casks. Tlie only shipment of hides during the month has been, per Young England, 3,3S0 hfdes and 7$ calfskins." . ' Messrs. CUMNOIIAM and MACIIKDIE report .-" Wool -During the past month tho sales have been few an Í limited in extent, as Is usual at this period of t io year, when the remainders of clips come in hut sparingly. Biddings have been free up to a certain point, beyond which buyers would not go the ad vices by the last mall (received on tlio 13(li ¡nsU bavlng naturally produced a depressing effect ort prices here, as will bo seen by our quotations bel« Tlie heavy rains which havo fallen lately havo liad a most beneficial effect upon the herbage ; and wMLst last year at this timo many runs wcro scorched UD with scarcely a blade of grabs to be seen, tho simo runs are this year so abundantly grassed that I« rainy instances double tho number of sheep might bo depastured. YVe may quoto ¡-Greasy, at 8d lo lljd. ; scoured, 14d. to 25d. ; fleece, I4¡d. to 22d Tlio shipments during the post month, for London' are as follows ¡-From Hobson's Baj'-Great Britain' 1,487 bales, cleared January 25 ; Swittsure, 1,508bales' cleared January 30; Donald M'Kav, 8,133 bales' cleared February 0: Young England, 3,531 hales' cleared February 7 ; Superb, 1,010 bales, cleared Keb! roary 10 ; Darra, 3,358 bales, cleared February« From Geelong-Champion of the Seas, 8,149 biles cleared January 10. Total, 28,145 bales. Previous shipments.-From 1st August to 21st January 118,671 bales; total shipments to February 23 140,710 bales. The Forest Bights, now- loatling' is expected to tako about 4,400, the Kent TOO and flolmsdalc 1,600 bales. Sheepskins are ready of sale, at 4Jd. to 8Jd. Hides havo déclins nearly Jd. per lb., and aro worth now from 0-,. to 12s. each, xvet salted. Kangaroo skins wo liai» sold at fls. 3d. to 18s. Od. per dozen. Tallow in activo demiuid lit a slight advance on former quotations." SHIPPING OP TIIK MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. AllltlVALB AND CLKAUANC'Efl BIXCIS Ot'Il LAST SinnURT. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da, Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Cn., Chilian; p., Portuguese; II., Hamburg; Hu., Hanoverian ; L, Italian; N. Norwegian; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian; Belg., Belgian; Br,, Bremen ; l'r., Prussian ; It. Russian ; s., ship; ],,, barque ; br., brig; se, schooner ; s.S., steamer.] Jan. AuiiiviiD. 27\. Harvest Homo, A. s., 547, YV. F. Greene, San Francisco.-Callender and Co. 27\. Denis Brundrit, B.b., 402, Lewis YVhitcway.TomC'. -F. YV. Prell and Co. 27\. Commodore, A.' se, 309, J. Robertson, San Fran- cisco,- M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co. 27\. General Cobb, A. b., 048, D. Coff, Son Francisco. -Anderson and Marshall. 27\. Transit, A. s., 033, YV. K. YVhitmore, London, M'Culloch, Sellnr, and Co. 29\. Marmora, B. li., 303. R. Kidd, Mauritlus. Fuiiiiiug, Nankivell, and Co. 30\. Tirzah, li. s., 1,440, Captain Anderson, London, A. Mocfurlan and Co, 31\. Ethiopian, B. s., 838, YV. Faulkner, London, Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. Feb. 2\. Atlas, S. s., 644, M. Koran, Mauritius.-It. and P» Turnbull and Co. 2\. Johanna Marla, D. s., 010, M. A. Overground, Rotterdam.-YV. Crosby and Co. 2\. Argo, 13. br., 238, 1'. J. Hallion, Mauritius. M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co. , 2\. Anglia, B. b., 525..C. Campbell, Mauritius.-ll'Cul loch, Sellar, and Co. 3\. YVestcni Chief, B. s., G. L. Gilmore, Quebec. Moore, Hawthorn, and Co. 5\. YVcllington, B. b., 416, J. Hairy, Batavia.-1L S. Smith. 0\. Cabot, H. b., 319, A. Schon, Maldon Island. Haege and Co. 8\. Elizabeth, B. b., 203, D. Jl'Lcllan, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers and Co. 8\. Macduff, B. s., 1,135, T. T. Watson, the Downs, Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 8\. Morning Dight, B. s., 2,377, P. Buchan, Liverpool! -Lorimer, Marwood, and Home. 11\. Holmsdale, B. s., 1,257, Ü. Tickel, London.-J. II, YVhltc and Co. 12\. Geelong, K.M. s.S., 1,500, N. J. Skottowe, Point do Gnl'e.-F. R. Kendall. 12\. Argo, B. br., 239, P. J. Hanlon, Guam.-M'Cul loch, Sellar, and Co. 14\. St. James, li. s., 1,251, T. C. Williams, Caliao. Joshua Brothers. 15\. Ellen Stuart, B. s., 1,043, R. B. Lyons, Liver- pool.-Dickson, Williams, and Co. 10\. Yorkshire, B. s., 1,057, Frederick Anderson, London.-YV. P. White and Co. 10\. Mount Riant, F. b, 518, S. Brun, Bouroon. Lauratet, Le Hoy, and Co. 10\. Antelope, B. br., 20a, 1*. H. Nicholson,Colouibo. Loriiuer, Maru ood, and ltoiuc. 10\. Ardbcg, B. s., 925, Tlios. Hobson, London. Holmes, YVhltc, and Co. 17\. Beatrice, B. b., 417, L. Worthington, Loudon. Fenwick Brothers. 17\. Royal Saxon, B. s" 799, A. E. Knight, New York. -It. Towns and Co. 10\. Royal Oak, B. s., 1,243, R. Hughes, Liverpool Bright Brothers. 21\. Sirene, Oldenburg b., 357, G. D. Ciaasscn, Cal cutta.-M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co. 21\. YVcllesley, B. s., 1,013, A. YVigncy, London.-W. ? P. YVhlteaudCo. Jan. C'LEAIIKD OUT. 28\. Avoca, K.M. s.S., 1,007, A. B. Farquhar, Point d9 Gallo.-F li. Kendall. " . 20\. Voorult, D. b., 022, K. O. E. Logger, Gum-0. Tondeur und Co. . , 30\. Swlltsure, B. s., 1,320, M. B. Mayhew, London, YV. 1'. YVhite and Co. , " . ? 30\. Krimpcnervvaard, D. b., 012, li. P. Klult, Batavia. -S. do Beer. 80\. Antlopo, B. s., 1,443, YV. YVithcrs, Rangoon, ia ballubt.-Dickson, YVilliains.andCo. 1\. Mohely, F. b., 305, A. Renier, Callao.-Ciireier and Adet. 2\. Jean Pierre, F. s., 070, A. Russel, New Caledonia. -Lord and Co. , , . 4\. Ethereal, B. s., 705, A. Anderson.-Dalgety »T Co 6\. Favourite, B. b., 422, E. Thorpe, Llverpoo!. Lorlincr, Marwood, and Rome. 0\. Donald Mackay, B. s., 2,004, R. Richards, London. -Bright Brothers and Co. _ " 0\. nelcna, S. b., 345, P. G. Wckmnn, Callao.-e. ». Ross uud Co. , . _ .,"" 0\. Speculator, B. s" 747, .J. G. Goodwin, Callao. Y oimgman and Co. n.."i,i». 7\. Young England, B. s., 1,017, J. B. OoinWe» London.-Holmes, YVhltc, and Co. , 8\. Cabot, II. b., 340, A. Schau, Mauritius.-Hacg« 0\. Deux Jules, P. s., 570, A. Latolicr, Valparalso. J. L. and C. Burke. ' " " .,,".,, 11\. Deni» Brundrit, B. b., 402, L. Wliitewaj.Uier. pool.-F. YV.PrcllandCo. T ""!"",) 12\. Alpha, N. s., 094, N. A. Nielson, Guam.-Lonl ana 13\. Arco, B. s" 230, llamón, Guam.-M'CulIoin, Sellar, and Co. , _ __ 13\. Adelaide Baker, B. a., 800, J. Baker, Gunin. Y'irgoe, Son, and Co. " ,, «, n 14\. St. James, B. s., 1,251, YVilliams, Callao.-T. e. Joshua Brothors, __ «y-m* - 10\. Randolph, B. b., 343, J. Y\\\ Lawson, TomC Andorson and Marshall. _ , ,v n 10\. Bujicrb, B. s., 1,461, E. Jones, London.-". ». YVIiito and Co. " . .,.,"1,1,,. _. l8. Ellzaboth, B. b., 303, J. Currie, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. i,"""l,m - 20\. St. Pierro, F. b., 200, J. Raulu, Reunion. Lauratet, La Roy, and Co. [Wain ' 20\. Norman, B. b, 254, J. Orfcur, Ouam.-Captain. 22\. Ethiopian B. s., 829, YV. Faulkner, Shanghai Dalgety and Co. IlltlTIBII AND FOREION SlllrrlXO IN TORT. Anglla,525 tons, Campbell, from M»«^""'^ Antelope, 208 tons, Nicholson, from Colombo. Ardberg, 925 tons, Hobson, from London. Amazone, 280 tons, Hay, from Manilla. B. D. Metcalf, 1,118 tons, Anderson, IroaG* Beatrice, 417 ions, Wortluiigton, to»" LoudoD' Challenger, H.M.S.C.Coni. M'Giilre. Ellen Stuart, 1043 tons, Lyons, from UV"P?° ' Forest Rights, 1,164 ton», Darby, front London. Gem. 100 tons, Dawson, from Singapore. , Holmsdale, 1,257 tons, Tickell, from London. Invcruglo, 233 tons. Lyal), from Colo,?H£,m nottcr ! Johanna Maria, 010 tons, Obergaaund, from Rotter Kent, 1,000 tons, Holt, from k°»don-. ,"","." Luna «A, 253 tons, Langford. *Tl*$gj_? Macd llT, 1,135 tons, YVtttson, fTm""Li^ LiVcrpooL Morning Light. 2,337 tons, n«ch»ni,'Tnb0" ^ Mont Riant, 518 tons, Brun, from Bourbon. Royal Saxon, 790 tons Knight, from »««¿ol Royal Oak, l'a«, tons, Hughes, «»»"»gf0* Sirene, 357 tons, Claassen, fro»1 Calco_ to. Transit, 933 tons, Whitmore, from London Tinah, 1,440 tons, Andersoii, from I¿',mü¿';iobcc. Westeni Chief, 1,083 tons, Gi »°ro!'ro.^ai"° ' Wellington, 416 tons, Manly, r»»^* YVellosley, 1,013 tons, YVigncy, froni ¡f^¿ Yorkshire, l|oi7 tons, Anderson, from Umaon. __ Printed and published by Hu«" OM»¿ fo*¡2 AROi'S Office, Collins-street, Mclbourno, lot and MACKIK.NOS, proprietors. 