%x$p $firob fevbiitir, FRIDAY, FEBUARY 2J, 1887. Tiieie was «o meeting of the Shire Council on Tuesday in consequence of there not being a sufficient number of members to form aquoruni. Themem ber.s present were Messrs. Howden, Gellion, Roberts, and Buckley. The latter gentleman volnnleeved to go and request one of the Tarraviile members to attend, as there only required one to eonstilute the mejt ing, but he was not successful in his kind mission. This ought not to be the case. If members do not think it either worth their while to attend onoa a fortnight for two heurs, or are otherwise too much engaged in their own concerns, let them by all means give place to others who have more inclination and leisure for public business. There were two members living on the spot, neither of whom attended, thus giving Uie members from Port Albert the trouble and inconvenience of a journey to Tarraviile for nothing. We speak the more plainly because we are firmly of opinion that in this instance it was a want of inclination, and not any pressing business that deterred members from attending. The meeling was adjourned to this afternoon, at three o'clock, when it is to be hoped that members will make an effort to be present. Matters re quiring to be promptly dealt with are now agitating the public mind, and the sooner they are set at {rest the butter. J7esidenco and cultivation licenses are deposited with the receiver and pay mas'er, Sale, fir the following parties:— ftichord Jamieson Carl llumpfF, \V. 8\. Bussy, Gon G. Jolinsto:i, Isaac Johnston, and \V. Stafford. W.th the receiver and paymaster. Grant:—12. L. Kiteliingumn, W. Thomas, E. WYay, J. Morgnrs, \V. N. Morgans, and W. Nicol. If the fees of iho above liofn-es are not puid by the respective parties within one month from the 15tli inst., the licenses will b j forfeited, and the Ian I open to other applicants. Mining least's arc now lying at tlio Warden's Uffice, Sale, for Messrs. J Pemberton and J. II. Wyinund, Donnelly's Creek; J. Arabin, I). C. McMillan, ami H. J. Arabin, Donnelly's Creek; P. Perkins and T. Cliprry, Donnelly's Creek; D. Campbell, W. Randall and (J. White, for OJO acres, Upper Tyer's Itiver. A len-ia is lyinii nt the ffiivJi'ii'a Office, Walhala, for H. Kelly and J. Lynch, Sr/nger'a Creek. 'i'lie contract of Walter S. Mori-ay for survey for tlio district of B.iirnsdaie and Uineo, has been accepted, and t!iat of John Waudels Cor the Sale district. t'ne thousand two Imntlved and twelve acres iiavo been tenmoijirjly reserved as a n'le lor watering purposes in the mirishei of Toougabbiu North and Winludoo. A Cricket match will be pLiyed to morrow, on the Port Albert ground, between the Alburton and South Gijips Land Cricket Clubs. Wickets to re pitched at 2 o'clock p.m., sharp. A well contested game is anticipated. A number of allotments comprising an area of 1210 ncres have been pro claimed ft temporary common for the use of selectors and Lessees in the iigriculhiral arp.i of lleyfield. The Gazelle of February 19, contains the official notification that tlio Con sulates of Hanovor, llesse, and Frank fort-on-tlw-Maine, are abolished in cou sequencu of the union of those states w.tb Prussia. Mr James IVavis is appointed Deputy Registrar of I3irtii9 and Doaths, in the district of Grant, vice H. Bivdt who Ins resigned ; Mr Jonathan LJussett for the district of Tootig'abbie. Tlie He v. J. Spenro, Wes'evan Minister, will preach on Suinlay as follows:—Yarrain Yarmm, 11 a.m.; l'arraville, 3 p.m.; Port Albert, 7 p.m. The Rev. J, K. Hull will preach on Sunday as follows Port Albert, 11 a.m. j Alberton, 3 p.m.; Tariaville, 7 p.m. The Rev. L. D ibinson will preach on Sunday as follows:—Tarravllle, 11 a.m.; Poi t Albert, 7 p.m. By advertisement elsewhere it will Le s(!v.'ii that a pu'ilic meeting of those interested in the maintenance and pre servation of the Albertou General Cemetery, is lequested by the Trusu-ei to be lir-ld at tbo Port Albert Hotel, Poit Albert, ou Taesday twxt, at 4 p.m., for the purpose of conferring with t iiomns to the best means to be adopted for the prevention of damage by bush fires. A lei tt-r in our last issue appeals to hare induced the Trustees to take tins step?, who we believe had recourse i to the practice complained of by our corvespondent as a matter of expediency the funds at their disposal not beinn sufficient to have the grass mowed every season. llie Charles Edward, Captain Darby, after being detained soma time at the Lake's entrance, by a south-easterly {rale, ana thick ia:ny weather, crossed the oar on Wednesday nt seven o'clock a m, and arived at Port Albert at seven o'clock same evening'. She had a iresh westeily breeze on the nnnsno-e. bha left Port Albeit at five o'clock yesteiday afternoon, with the passengers and cargo transhipped from the Murray. I Messrs Turnhu!), Howden, and Co's new offices wure, opened on Monday. Ihe premises aro most spacious, and oner the greatest possible contrast to the small inconvenient place formerly used, and pre more commensurate with ihe extensive mercantile transactions of tins eminent firm. Mrs Gellion, who aid the foundation sione of the new budding. «vns prenanied \vi;h a harjd soma plated sugar ba«in and cream iu<r ou tho o-ieninjf. ° Mr J, II. Hume, gave a lectiuo on mesmerism, phi-oology. ai.d electro. biology, at larraville, on Tuesday even ing:. Prior to the lecture, Mr Hume invited any one present Io come forward who wished to be plnced under mesmeric influence. Nona wishing to be thus distinguished, the lecturer per formed most successfully on the boy j who accompanies him. On the follow i in# evening A]i- Hume lectured at I r almerston, at which place the people were not no awed ac the idea of bein. placed under mesmeric power ns a"t iarravdle, and seven candidates volun teered. The professor oppiated on four, Messrs. Joseub Kelsall, John Gellion, James Mclvenzie, and James Win chester, but was only partially success ful with the latter, a little boy about ten years ol age, this the lecturer attributed to the want of silence ou the part of the audience, who could not possibly lie kept He however experimented most successfully ngain on his own boy, whom several of the audience tesiod in several wayj., but could discover no collusion iae attendance at. both places was l»'etty good. After tho last lecture seveial persons adjourned to lbo Shin Inn, when Mr Joseph K>lsall was so far operated upon as to have his eyes closed and not be able to re-open them while under the power. It will be seen by advertisement in another column, that there is to he a public meeting at the Port Albert mtel, to-morrow evening for the purpose of making arrangements for tho races ac Woods de, wlii-li it is expected will take place about St. Putncks Day, when all sporting g?ntlen en are requested to attend. Our member, Mr Snodarass, in ac cordance with a request of the AJborton blnre Council, put a question to tho Government, as to whether tho Police were authorised to act in preventing sly grog selling, when the Chief secretary informed liini that the brovornmpnfc determined that it is no longer dosimldu to maintain a body of . -Detectives under tho orders of tho Chief Inspector of Distilbries for the purpose of obtaining convictions against persons selling wines, beer, and spirits, without." a license, and that he (the hon. Chief Secretary) had directed that somo of the duties hitherto per formed by the Kevonue Detectives, are tor tho future to devolve on the members of the police force, and had given instructions respecting the future duties of such force in respect to slv grotr selling. J The following now insolvents aro gazetted :—James Lard, of Carlton, labourer. Causes of insolvency—Illness in family and expenses consequent tlioroun, and loisns through utisticccss fully defending' an action in the County Court. Liabilities, £900; asset1, £910; surplus, £7. Mr Courtney, official assignee. Raphael Bandldenker, of Mount Blackwood, miner. Causes of insolvency—Losses in mining, and want of employment. Liabilities, £36 14s 7d; assets, £1 8s; deficiency, £ou Gs 7d. Mi* .Taconib, official assignee. Louis Armstrong, of Bairnsdale, Gipps Lund, carrier. Causes of insolvency—De pression in business, and loss of ho ses. Liabilities, £1G5 lis, assets, £84 ; deficiency, £31 lis. Mr Shaw, official assignee. Mr A. S. Gray, M.K.C.S London, lias recently issued a circular letter setting forth the claims of tbu Mel bourne Institute for Diseases of tlie Eye and Eur, of which lie 13 melicul superintendent. The institute originally commenced operations in 1803. During the last two years upwards of -1000 out patients, and 109 in-patients have been relieved; nf the latter 49 having- been gratuitously maintained and attended. The institution is partly self supporting; and partly benevolent, and application has been made to the Government to place a sum of £300 upon the estimates for the current year towards the main tennnco fund. When the great amount of good which h is already heen effected, ami the philanthropic exertions of the pr.nciples of the institute are considered, there can be little doubt that the plea put forth will be liberilly met by the Li'glature. We understand that a deputation waited upon the lion, the Treasurer, on Thursday, for the purpose of bringing under his notice the claims of the institute, The Wallaroo Times of the 2nd inst., a journal not very familiar to Victorian readers, furnishes a curious paragraph entitled " A Hoyal Collier." " An interesting history belongs to t'ie Princo Regent, which airiveJ in our port on l'lidny. She was buill in 1814 as a yacht for the Prince Regent, after wards George IV. An inhabitant of the township, who was on friendly errns w ith some members of the royal household, has describe I to us a visit paid to tlie royal yacht in the first <|na!-fer of tho present century, and while jet tho vessel iai ked Al. We understand that some traces of (be handsome fittings are st'll discernable. To what an 'ignoble use' has the yacht of 'the first gentleman in Eu.ope' come at last—to bring coals from Newr-asile to the Wallaioo Smelting1 Works/' An unusully interesting ceremonial, in oonnvxion with the Intercolonial Exhibition, took place on Wednesday, when his Excellency the Governor at tended in the reserve at tho north of the carnage annexe, to rpceive the com missioners' ancl jjrors' repot ts. His Excellency was accompanied by Lndy Manners-Sulton, and the JJisses Mimnevs- Sutton. and there was a large and brilliant assemblage of ladies and gentlemen to witness the ceremony. Arsenical poisoning, the result of quartz burning, has assumed such dangerous proportions in Maldon, that the inhabitants hrve memorialised the Cen lal Board of Health. 