HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday. September 17 The Speakeb took the Chair at a quarter to 2 0 clock. ? PETITION. The Hon. A. BLYTH nrowntpA a notitinn /^,m 85 residents in the District of Gumeracha, praying for an alteration of the land regulations. Received and read. ^ MESSAGES. The SPEAKER reported receipt of the following messages from His Lxcellency :— No. 2L Recommending the House, in compliance with Address No. 12, to make provision in the Estimates for 1866 to an extent not exceeding jEIOj to be paid to the widow of the late Francis Jury! a guard at the Stockade, who was killed by the exceeding £M .for the purpose of iSpSSiuS Referred to the Committee of Supply DRAINAGE IN THB ROUTH-EA8T Jttuirbead Swamps, for which contracts had been w^ 15? ^ 'r8** of water' and whefher S wo'ld object to lay tins report on the table. The UJMMKSIONE/of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. Glyde) said the Surveyor-Oeneral had made a report which might be considered very satisfactory, and he should be happy to brina it down next day. THB POET WAKEFIELD RAILWAY. ni ?£ UAy '^ toe Commissioner of Public Works whether be would obtain a report from the Engineer-in-Chief as to the additional cost of making the gauge of the Port Wakefield Railway 5 feet 3 instead of 3 feet 6, as now provided for. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. P. Santo) said there was no objection to ob tain such a report. MINERAL LEASES BILL. In Committee. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. Glyde) moved— 'That it is expedient to repeal Act No. 24 of 1862, intituled 'An Act to alter and amend the laws relating to the leasing of the wastelands of the Crown within the province of South Australia for mineral purposes,1 and to make other pro visions by Bill in lieu thereof.' The House would remember that His Excellency in his opening speech stated that the Government would during the session introduce a Mineral Bill somewhat more liberal in its provisions than the present mineral laws. The Government had care fully considered the matter with a view of carryimr out the promise given. They had at first hoped that it would be rufficient to alter the regulations on the subject only; but he had had some conversation with the hon member Mr Neales, who might, be regarded as the guardian angel of the mining interest in the province-(N-rt -agd,he.f»nii«l»twa8 impossible to do what was wished wtHoui further, legislation and t&oia; remember that under the exUUng AcUhe fine^r renewal was fixed at a maximum of £20 ami! minimum of £1, but the Government proWi t«* increase the maximum to £50. thinkingffiou d be only fair m cases of mints that Wan 0 valuable, and the lease of which was taken 'S beyond the first period of 14 years. The third 0? the principal alterations was one which he believed was very much needed. There was a clause in the present Act which wjs too strongly worded, and which could not be softened down by regulations! namely, the positive prohibition to the removal of any ore until a person had taken c lease, and paid his money. Iu many cases that positively prevented the development of what might be very itiuuuera tive mines. A poor man, to whom a few pounds was of considerable conscqueiu'e. muht work for some weeks, and raise 40 or 6? tons of ore, but he could make no use of it until ho had paid £i\\), which to him was a very serious item. Probably in this matter they would agree thut the colony had been penny wise and pound foolish- (Uear, hear) 7n». .h™ i8i'ubjeet ',e TOuMoUl attention to a 2SJrf ^ bl'sl»e« letter of Captain BrjMitX appearing in he aopcndix to the report of tho proposed to repeal tliut provision, and to allow Persons on payment of a small sun, £ or £2, to have a right of search and removi i« tho oreTht-y might raise. The next point they wished to provide for wasoue recommended by the ' 8elccl ; Committee enabling persens to centralize thu abouf rcuS to be employed on two or three sections There desirable that they could carry on II e whole of their opeiations on one of them. Thun they Pro posed an alteration in the. to stem, so as to allow a person a right to claim that tho freehold of a mineral section should, 1« offered »t public auction. The person securing the claim 111 the hut instance by making a mull pajmei t would thus have the option of taking out a leaso S'±r ll'e,?ltercdTtw''s.°r require the UouiShh sioner of Crown lands to put it up for sale bv PUW»« .auction, in which case he would I m' one half of the amount realized above the unset nrlce Sal ? woul! FlT.f'ViV1 1' ncr' 'ffietti inut would he an additional inducement to dlt ?0111 to ciinasu .in mining ttn.l woii I benefit' ho Stweetthe'SmH.1'16 Bil,M»'lcr ''» 'Sow uemten tiie btnto and the prop e wero Uil« lu-th-r ? and therefore if the freehold was m,|« it w, mid 1 o preferablo to having a number o f te nntl thS would have to be constantly watched it' tto tint they carried out the conditions of tlltl cu e Ujg lution C U0W '' Pa88 lhii l'rtlillliliuri- reto -w\HiAYiwa? K1'!1'11!1 ««e Commissioner of Crown Lands had found limn in .,.. i.,i.. ti.i., matter, and that he had an inclination to «r.i.t nhhSU.raKe thos.f r'^'prii w mtoiiw operation*, although be seemed disinclined to take iinv action with regard to a much more imperial* industry iu boU h Australia. It was possible from his par ticular cast of mind that lie was more disced to go into these little matters having rofcrenco to speculation in shares than into tliu lurwr interests. He gave bun credit for IkjiiiU a Hhiuwd wan of business, and be hoped with his business tact be would see the necessity as far as possible of encouraging the large producing industries. Mining was a very importunt brunch; but tliu exporUof agriculture were double those of minerals. I are should be taken, in giving tliesu increased fad Iititsinrelatu.il to mining, not to foster speculation such as that which prevailed wmie live years nuo, when Companies weie f»mied to woik properties from which there was little or no real pionpect of obtaining returns. He trusted, too. if the auction jy*tem was resorted to, that care would Iw taken to sec that a certain amount wiw expended iu tho development of property Iwfore the pen-ou become entitled to one-half of what was realized in exctss of the upset price, otherwise an individual miitlit claim half a dozen sections, slate that he believed they contained minerals, and get tin 111 put up. without having expended any money upon thi'in. He thought, moreover, it would Iw desirable for the Government to remove all doubts as to the legality of one person holding more than one80 acre m-cl ion According to high legal authority no one could do so ; and although it was his opinion that this wiw not correct, it would lie better to Include in the Hill a provision that all the leases thut lind Inen granted should bevulid. and that when a discovcier took out a section others should not be nllowud 10 muko a scramble for the adjoining Mock*, and get up bubble Companies on the faith of them, but that H,tyi s.houll,l1b? Mwvtyed and put up to auction. He believed this would lelieve the Government, of responsibility, aud simplify thu Bj-stem. They were now dealing with the waste lands by mineral and pastoral iinls nibtuiul of in a whole, but be hoped that this measure would treat the mineral question in a comprehensive manner, (lleur, Mr. CARR should not oppose the motion, but ho should have been giud to bee the system ol usscbh incut known on royalty udopted. JJu could not aif vocate such a loyally us would be oppressive, or wou d restrict tbu woiking of the mineral lunds. but he thought this the fairest way of deriving a revenue from mineral pursuits. (In the whole ho preferred the alternative of selling tho land outnght-dicar, hear)- but if that was not doiio lie would impose u royalty. Mr. jNJiALJiS, who was cheered on rising, re marked, in reference to what liud fulkn from tliu hon. member Air. Hay, that while the general'' question of dealing with the waste lunds hmi only been raised last year, this other question was 17 years old. heventceu years ago mining reform bad commenced, and had been ut work ever Binee, although occasionally it had linrdly advanced at all. As to speculation, it wan the present state of the Ihw thut, had caused it, owing to tho difficulties it placed in tho wuy of legitimate mining. As to n-iiuiring thut a person should upend a certain nninuiit on a section lieforo being entitled to a moiety of the amount obtained ut tliu sale above the npet iirku. the elieet of that would bo altogether to exclude the poor man, who in every caso won tho dis coverer, from partiripatiiiK in the bentlits proposed. As to the Moonta prize, it was well known that the place where it was had been a third-cluus run. and that Air. Hughes had not the means to work tho mine, aud therefore had called in tne uid of oiIutk, and the consequence had ken thut the revenue now received ihe advantage of Customs revenue from 10,{KK) more people. To add a loyalty would be impolitic; uud in the case ot the tiovernment the royalty principle would not woik, seeing that they could not make the concessions and wvu the assistance to lessees which pioprietorn in Cornwull were able to do when such a courte was necessary. The only fair way to tax the miner- if he was to be taxed at all beyond what be contiibuted to the Customs-was to impose an export duty; but ho hoped the time for adopting that course would not arrive. He hoped the Hill would be of the most liberal character. Chili was now able to compete with them with inferior quality of copper by reason of the facilities they possessed in the wuy of labour, skill, and machinery to work their milieu, and therefore it wan necessary that every facility should be given here for raising copper. I ho only question then remaining was one af wages, and if they remained ut u fair rule Ibeir operations could be successful. He hoped the House would not mix together tiling which diflered. lie was quite ready to give concctKums to every producing interest, uud it was this setting up one thing UKiunst another which made them look so small as computed with Victoria. He hoped that facilities would be uflurded to them to compete with Victoria in her o» 11 peculiar pio duct of gold, and he believed thut hud the laws .been different the Moonta might have been dis covered 17 years ago. He was still of the opinion he had expressed, that 20 Moontas might null bo found in the colony. He should support the Hill 11 liberal, but oppose it if hampered with restric tions which the rogue might bieak through, but which prevented the honest man from ineetiiiK with success. ' The motion was carried. Home resumed, and the report was agreed to. Che Attorney-General aud Commissioner of Crown \--ands were appointed a Committee to prepare and bring in the Bill. BUSH FIEES BILL. In Committee. The COMMISSIONER of CKOWN LANDS moved— 'That it is expedient to repeal 'The Bush Fires Act of 186 V and to make other provisions )v Bill in lieu thereof.' ' Hon. members were aware that the Hon. Thomas Htgarth had# taken great interest in the matter, and had obtained an expression of opinion from Chairmen of district Councils and leading formers as to the best way of trying to prevent the occur rence of bush fires. He had received a large number of replies, aud the Government considered it their duty to agree to his request, which he bad urged very strongly, as to the aovisabilitr of trvincrtn nake some alteration in the law before next summer It was proposed to alter the existing law in various ways. First the period within which penalties for lighting fires to bum stubble, hay. and grass was extended, and the summer months for the purposes of the Bill increased at both ends, experl ence having shown the neceseity for this. Then he penalties were also to be increased, and tho nformer was to receive one-half the fine, it being believed that this would act as an extra induce ment to laying informations in case of a breucii of the Act and to greater care being taken by jersons lighting fires. It was further proponed nat imprisonment should bu inflicted in cose ;he eflender was unable to pay the fine. They had also feit the necessity of interfering a little more with the smokers, for it was undoubted that a great many of these fires did arise from the negligence of smokers. (Hear, hear.) It was ;hertrfore intended to make it punishable to smoke in the open air without a, metal cover on the pipe, and there was moreover a clause enacting that if a ire was caused by a person smoking he should be inea, and in default of payment be sent to prison. The Government, too, had tried to meet the wishes of many persons as to the use of matches. (Hear, lean) I be Hon. Mr. Hogarth wished a provision o be passed prohibiting the introduction of other than safety matches; but the Government could not see how that could be done by an Act of Par* liament. The Treasurer had pointed out that it would be almost impossible to carry the law out, and the only thing Jhey esuld do was to make it punishable to carry matches, except such as would only ignite by friction on some chemieally. prepared substance. That was the only mode he could tbink of of meeting the object contemplated 1 but perhaps somo one else could suggest a better wording to adopt. Bushmen, shepherds, and other persons frequently were in the habit of throwing away matches which would not light at tha moment, although they were easily ignited when heygot dry by a foot being placed on them, and ie Government felt the necessity of doiwt whit ley could to remedy the evils of such a practice. If the Houae would pass this resolution theflfi would be laid on the table very shortlv , Mr. SUTHERLAND thought the whole nn1,,t «» the matter lay in this-Were people to be XL0] o import matches into the wuntry whirh «.2 likely to.set the whole place inabffi Theff toDg as than matches v/exe admitted, fM a cut -3 - them not worth £50 might destroy £50.000 worth j ^^S^SUBER^on. T. Beynolds) thought it would perhaps hardly be in order to deal with a matter affecting trade and commerce in the Bub& yiresBUL The quesUon of ^hibitmg the »d misaion of any article should be dealt with on its own merits. Suggestions mujht be made «* tolta XVoff BLYTH raised the necessity ofthismeasure.andhewasdadt^GoTernmanthad seeo fitto try to grapple wuh it Maw Affirataewf course would suggest themselves. U Itay. kept the matches out of the colony as (proposed they would have to prevent their manufacture here and tot would be protection in a very high fo™''***-.'? provisions; but it was no use trying to prevent ^fffi&xfiotSS;* it was within the Dili'n« of the House to prohibit the use of a Knikndof matches as far as practicable, and KrovSon of that kind was introduced into the KuihVcouId not see that , it would raise the difficulty suggested by the Treasurer as to trade and commerce. The him. member for Unmeracha had referred to matches being manufactured here, but he thought those manufactured in the colouy would I* quite as dauijerous as those imported from Europe. (Hear.) He was satisfied that if the attention of the Hon. Commissioner of Ciown Lands was given to the subject the matter might be properly ar ranged. , Mr. NEALE3 said that simply because such a provision would give a monopoly to Bryant and May's safety matches must not be allowed to affect their legislation. He did not see why they could not prohibit dangerous matches. Recently a vessel in the straits of Panama blew up with a cargo, and a Special Council was called, which passed an Act providing that any vessel sent there with packages of such a character should forfeit the whole. It appeared to him they had just as much right to legislate upon that as they had in the case of gunpowder, and to punish the man who used the prohibited article. He saw that the Commis sioner of Crown Lands had a delicacy upon the subject. Was it because of Bryant Mlay. But if a copy of the Act was scut to tuiqpe there would be plenty of pwple to see they did not get a monopoly, ft appeared to him that the hon. member for Gunieracha had one of those notions that because they had not done it before they must not do it now. The old people complained they had not facilities enough. He remembered the old flint and steel; that was followed by another method, and he thought people might possibly have some chemical substance even on their sleeves to produce a light. When they con sidered the amount of property in danger by lire, they, however, should not be delicate about restrictions. It was a farmer's question, and he hoped the farmers would back up those who had stirred in the matter and attempted to get the Act altered. Mr. COLTON thought so far the scheme pro poied by the Government to amend the present Act was an improvement; but it did not go far enough. There had been no reason sh'»wn why they should have dangerous matches at all in the colony. There was very little fear of monopoly, and that -should not enter into their consideration. It wa3 admitted by every one that much damage and destruction of property by bush fires was caused, in the majority of cases, by lucifer matches; and it was the duty of the Leaislature. when they attempted an amendment of the Act, to prevent aa far as possible dangerous matches being introduced into the colony. When the Bill came before them he should certainly seek to have a provision of this kind inserted ; also to protect them from having them manufactured here. , , Mr. DUNN agreed with the ideas of the last speakers as to the desirability of preventing the importation and manufacture of dangerous matches. It had been said that to legis late upon a lucifer match was an extra ordinary proceeding; bat he had seen the danger arising from them for years past, and as far as he was concerned he should be willing to pre vent the importation of matches altogether, and compel the people to use the old tinder-box again. (Hear.) There would not then be so many fires aa there now occurred arnually. It was a common practice for persons to carry lucifers loose in their pockets, and last summer an instance c-irne under hU own personal knowledge in which a person simply going across a small yard contiguous to a haystack and large house stooped to pick up some thing, aud in abvut two minutes afterwards there wu a b'aze, no doubt caused by a match having been dropped. Many fires would not have occurred if the matches useu had been Bryant and May'*, because when trodden on they were not dangerous. Mr. BKIGHT considered it would be very little use to introduce a Bill of that kind unless some provision with reference to the importation of matches was included. With all they could do, however, there would still be occasional bush fire*. He believed some fires occurred without matrhes at all; but hon. members must know that it did not at all follow that because people used the safety matches they could not »:ei a light without the box. It was well known that by rubbinz some of the preparation from the box upon their pipes persons could easily strike the match. He hoped the Government would frame a clause to prevent the importation of dangerous matches. Situated as they were in a dry country, wht-re the ravages of tire had been so great, it was a duty to the colony to make it a? secure us Dosaible. Mr. CA.RR should support the introduction of this Bill, as it wr.s necessary in order to grapple with a serious difficulty and lessen the losaoccu ing through fire by matches igniting so easily. He agreed with the proposition of the Government that persons who used these matches should be regarded as offenders against the law, bat he thought there would be considerable difficulty in carrying that into effect. To impose that upon men, women, and children who had not ascertained what was in accordance with law would operate very seriously. It was not too much to impose in urgent cases ; but in doing so, they should seek to assist the public as far a* possible through the operations of the Custom-Utuse by prohibiting as much as possible the importation of matches of a dangerous character. The Custorn House would te the better able to decide what was according to law and what was not than their scattered population in the country districts Another reason why they should take these matters up was the apathy which they had had to contend against in their Legislature respecting the law in reference to bush fires. The laws wtre broken in various ways, aud persons smoked in direct opposition to one provision within two yards of haystacks. This was often done, and he had known a Magistrate to light a fire in his own field, in broad day light, in opposition to the law, and no one in formed. If they increased this apathy by making any man, woman, and child a criminal who used a match, the* would band the whole colony against the operation of the law. Even giving half the amount of the fine to the informer would not cause the law to be carried into effect, unless they subsidized the operations of that prohibition by Mopping the importation. He thought the Govern ment would sec the propriety of yielding te the recommendation of so many in the House to in clude a provision of that kind. Mr. WILLIAMS would support the resolution, but he had not made up his mind as to whether he should go with the suggestion made to keep certain matches out of the colony altogether, although he had seen numberless instances in which they had produced danger and destruction to pro perty. They must recollect that though Bell & Black's lucifers were dangerous, they were not so much so when used in the house, and in the winter season. WhiUt riding in the country on one occasion last year he saw a fire suddenly break out in front of him without any one being near. Fortunately he was in time to prevent mischief, but be was perfectly satisfied it was caused by a match, whicn, perhaps, bad lain for months under the hedge. He had seen instances also where Bryant & May's matches were almost equally as dangerous, and he remem bered one which had been thrown into a bucket of water iu which some kerosine lamps had been washed taking fire, and being very difficult to extinguish. He did not see, therefore, they were to be bound to use those particular matches which under certain conditions were aa dangerous as others. The hon. member who preceded him said something about the informer sharing the tine. He did not know how that would be if the penalty was imprisonment. (A laugh.) He thought, however, they might do something, and bring in a measure that would be very useful. Mr. A. STOW intended to support the Govern ment if they agreed to the recommendation made respecting the matches. His hop. colleague did not seem to see much necessity in dealing with that question : but it was his opinion they might just as well leave the law alone altogether if they did not thoroughly deal with the match question. At the same time he did not go so far as to prevent their importation, as a penalty for using them would be sufficient He presumed a person having them in a ship at the Port would then be consi dered amenable to the law. as he would have them in his possession, and the same with the manufacturer. He did not attempt to lay down the law himself, but only pave his opinion. As to dividing the penalty between the informer and the Government, they had that power under their present Act; but if this was done, should not the imprisonment also be divided? The Hon. A. BLYTH asked whether the Trea Burer had made any provision for regulating the storage of kerosine and nitro-glycerine in towns. The TREASURER (Hon. T. Reynolds) said he had no intention of dealing with that matter this session, and bis attention had not been particu larly directed to it. In dealing with that, the ques tion of the importation of matches could be taken at the same time. He thought the bush-fire diffi culty would be met, in the way suggested by the Mr. CAVENAGH suggested that some arrange ment might be made, allowing the use of matches of a particular kind in winter and not in summer. The motion was carried. The House resumed, and the report was adopted. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. Glyde) moved that the Attorney-General and himself be a Committee to prepare and bring in the Bill Carried. MESSAGE FROM THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. A message was received from the Legislative Council, returning the Scrub Lands Act Amend ment mil with amendments. On the motion of the COMMISSIONER of CKOWN LANDS, the amendments were ordered to be printed, and taken into consideration the following day. PROHIBITION TO REASSURANCE REPEAL BILL. ThelHlon?A?BLYTH moved that this Bill be now read a third time. The Bill was then read a third time, and passed. DOG BILL, 1S67. The report of the Committee of the whole House on this Bill was agreed to, and the third reading fixed for next day. WASTE LANDS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. In Committee. Clause L Short title. Passed. Clause 2. Construction. Passed. Clause 3. Certain pastoral lessees m3y surrender present and obtain new leases by giving notice. . Mr. DUFFIELD moved that the word 'one' in the seventh line be struck out and ' two' inserted. He thought this was necessary in order to allow those lessees in the outlying districts to have time ^Mj? WHiUAAfB proposed that the words ' nsstoral or' be inserted after the word ' having' in the first line. He did this because he thought itbad been forgotten by the Government, and it na necetsarr to ffiaUDguisliUtweeQ pastoral and pnfcxBBikkl claims, . After some little discussion the amendments were adopted, and the clause having been verbally amended was passed. Clause 4. On receipt of notice Governor may grant new lease. Mr. DUFFIELD called attention ,to the pro vision in the 35th and following lines, and said he did not thinK it was desirable that persons holding several leases in one district should have them embodied in one. It certainly wa3 the feeling of the country that such should not be the case, as at the last general election it was considered that the leases were far longer than they ought to be. (Hear.) The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. Glyde) did not know that there was any particular principle involved in the proviso. He did not know of anything that would make it more simple for the Government. Mr. BRIGHT thought it would be wise to amend the provision, seeing the feeling of the country with reference to the lessees having such a large ! extent of country; and he did not think the amal gamation of several runs would be at all satisfac tory. It would als« lead to a difficulty if a person desired to dispose of one of the runs so included. Mr. CAYENAUH did not think the country could offer any opposition to the amount of land taken. With regard to the feeling of the country, he did not know whete the hon. member got that idea. The only time the country spoke out about it was at the last election, and since then he had heard nothing at all about the matter. He had no doubt, however, but that they would know some thing very soon. Mr. WILLIAMS said he had called attention to something he wished to introduce when the Bill was under discussion previously. It was necessary to allow certain notice to be givtn to the lessees before submitting the runs to public auction, so that the whole country should not at the last moment be thrown into confusion. He should move that there be inserted after ' public auction' in the 35th line, 'at least six months before the termination of the lease.' The ATTORNEY- GENERAL (Hon. K. B. Andrews) said he saw no objection to this being included. . , Mr. BOUCAUT wished to call attention to the words pointed out by the hon. member Mr. Duffieldl The Commissioner of Crown Lands had said they were not material ; but if they were not material it would be undesirable to encumber the clause with them. The provision was inserted in the previous Act because the House would recollect there was a great dispute about the con solidation of the leases. There was not, however, the same reason now for the words, and he thought they should be struck out The ATlOKNEy-UENKRAL (Hon. R. B. Andrews) had no objection to the words being struck out as long as the proviso itself remained. (Hear.) The woids after ' also' in the 35th line, down to ' no' in the 3Sth. could be struck out. Mr. HAY wished to call attention to the pro vision respecting resumption, and pointed out that they had greater facilities for dealing with land in small than in large blocks. In New South Wales the Act allowed a lessee to take up so many square mile?, or such an extent as would be sufficient to keep 4,000 sheep or 800 head of cattle; but he trasted they were not Romg to extend their leases in that way. He wished to point out that no regulations could be made to override the condition of the Act; but in clause Kthe terms of the leases were stated to be for 14 and 21 years, so that any regulation in clause 4 would not over ride the distinct term set down there. He should move an amendment to clause 6 when it came before them to meet that difficulty. The clause was passed as amended. Clause 5. New lease of lands surrendered not included in any dutric'. Passed as printed. Clause 6. Term for which cew leases to be granted. Mr. HAY said, seeing that that clause leased lands for 14 and 21 years, he should move that there be inserted at the end of the clause the following:— ' Provided that the Government bliall have full power at any time during the currencv of such leases, should such land be required for sale or other purpose! to resume possession of all such land upon giving six months' notice to the lessees.' The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Finn. L. Glyde) said the amendment would do no harm; but the hon. member's idea would be carried our. in the regulations. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. R. B. Andrews) also pointed out that the regulation pro viding for resumption included all that was neces sary. Mr. HAY said the 4th clause of the present Act stated the power of resumption; but iu the (5th clause it distinctly provided for the terms of the lease. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. R. B. Andrews) pointed nut that the 4th clause con tained the words ' upon such conditions as are hereinafter mentioned,' and subject to the regula tions made under the provisions of the Act He hoped the hon. member would consider this before he endeavoured to amend the clause. Mr. U.MPHERSroN thought the regulations should be clearly set forth, for if not some wou'd take one view and others another. They had already had arguments upon it ar d it might be so perpetually. He should support the amendment. Mr. N KALES asked if the insertion of the words were objectionable, and whether they would inter fere witn the clause, it appeared to him. if they would not l-e cumbersome, they should po in, as they were all of one mind as to the resumption. Mr. WILLIAMS said it would have been better fnr all if that matter had been clearly set forth in the Bill itself, and not in regulations, which could be altered from time to time* He agreed with the amend rrrent. Mr. COLTON did not apprehend that any land wculd be required in Classes B and C for 21 years, but it was possible there was some in A that might be wanted. If there was no objection to the amendment it would be as well to insert it as the matter would then be placed beyond a doubt, aud there would t-e no difficulty in construing it. The CHAIRMAN said in the resolutions that were paused provision was made for resumption. Mr. BRIGHT wa3 of the hon. member Mr. Colton's opinion, that very little land would be required in B and C for the next 21 years for agri cultural purposes; but it might be wanted for mineral purposes, and no doubt they should have it set out in the Act as explicit as possible. Mr. COGLIN, with ail due deference to the hon. member who had said the country had not spoken out upon this *fiiesEten, would say that the voice of the people 'was against it as he had said on a former occa- ion. He had opposed the scheme all through, hut the hon. and generous mcmticr Mr. Cotton, who had so raised his voice against the squatting community before, seemed to have changed his political creed as well as other hon. members. He could not have found fault if the Government had provided that the runs should be submitted to public auction; but they had deviated from this course, and why had they not included in the Bill the right of re sumption at six months' notice? At present they were leasing awiy the lands in the thicklypopu lated districts instead of putting them up to auction, and the loss to the revenue would be very great in consequence. Hon. members came to the House asking fur sums of money for necessary works, but could not get them, while they were at thesame time nuking sweeping concessions to the squatter?, and giving away £K5.U(J0 in rent. (No.) He was not satisfied with the measure, although it appeared to be popular with almost every member of the House, and he should take an opportunity before it passed out of Committee of moving that it be read that day six months. The TREASURER (Hon. T. Reynolds) said the hon. member opposed the motion because he con sidered it an interference with Goyder's valuations. (Hear.) Well, it was rather late for the hon. member to do that, seeing that last year he assisted to pass a Bill which interfeed very much with Goyder's valuations— (a laugh)— so that if they were sent to the ri^ht about by their constituents for so doing, the hon. member would share in the same fate. Mr. COGLIN wished to explain that at the time he did so it was understood the whole question would be settled. It was the time when three years' extension of tenure was granted; but he agreed to it, as it was determined on the termi nation of the leases that they should be submitted to public competition. He pursued that course ltecause it wag to close the whole arrangement between the Government and the squatters; but the Commission having Bat, the Government had adopted their views, and under present circum stances the runs were not to be put up. Mr. CAVENAGH hardly thought it fair for the Go\ eminent to bait any one for supporting the Act of 1SG3, seeing that it was to carry out Goyder's valuations; but could any one say that was the case in the smallest degree with the present Bill? Mr. WILLIAMS said, seeing the evidence before them, it was very well that they should interfere with Goyder's valuations. He thought unless something had been done, the squatters would have been finished sure enough. He hoped the hon. member Mr. Coglin would moderate his views. That hon. member appeared now to have turned his attention away from Flinders, and gone in for some other district (A laugh.) Mr. A. STOW did not look upon Goyder's valuations as an indisputable axiom or a law of nature; and, seeing that they were in cases grossly unjust it was only right that they should be interfered with. It was absurd to talk about conceding things when they were only given in restitution for what had been improperly exacted. The hon. member for Light was very fond of talking about the voice of the country, as if he was the only exponent of it and all other members set it at defiance: but if the voice of the country was as he had stated in this case, it was surprising that it had not been more audible. The amendment was carried. Mr. CAYENAGH moved that clause 0 be struck out and a new clause be inserted embodying the classes previously marked out on the ground by Mr. Goyder. That delineation was at the time generally agreed to. but now it was said that the material changes made in it were justified. Mr. HAY pointed out that according tn a f!nnnril .raper on their hies the present rental paid in Class A was £R8C6. in Class B .£5.232, and Class C £19,5(85; whereas this Bill would 'reduce those sums, if only the minimum was reduced to £3,817 £1.163, and £1,304 respectively. Seeing that that was a very great concession to make, some understand jngshould be come to respecting improvements, and he would move to add to the clause the following words:—' Provided also, should the land so leased be resumed during the first half of the term of any lease, the full value of all improvements shall be paid to the lessee; if resumed during the third quarter of the term of any lease, one-half of the value of all improvements Bhall be paid to the lessee; and if resumed during the last quarter of the term of any lease no payment shall be made on account of improvements except on account of permanent wells, as provided for in clause 1Z of this Act.' That was the provision existing in New South Wales, and he believed it would, if adopted, save a deal of bickering and trouble, as parties would know the condition on which they took up the lands. Unless some such provision was passed, during the last year of the lease a claim might probably be put in for the resumption of the land, and thus enable the lessee to obtain the whole of his improvements. Mr. COLTON should support the amendment except with regard to the permanent wells, with respect to which no exception should be made. He thought it unreasonable that if at the latter end of the Tease notice of resumption was given the Government should be called upon to pay the value of the improvements, seeing that the lessee had had the benefit of them for bo long. Mr. BRIGHT hoped the House would not alter the classes described in the BilL Mr. Goyder at first prepared a map somewhat hurriedly— (No)— but since that be had again seen the country, and at the request of the Commission on Runs he had drawn a fresh one. The first map had been made months before the drought was completed; and seeing that the hon. member Mr. Cavenagh had such faith in Mr. Goyder's valuations, why not place reliance on his map, justified as it was by the fetter accompany icg it appearing, in the appendix to the evidence tefore the Commission * He knew the bon. member had a great opinion of the Sonesoi-Ueneisi'a knowledge ol the country. (No.) Then he was surprised that 'he should so strongly uphold Mr. Goyder's valuations. The thing appeared so straightforward and bo well warranted that he hoped the House would not deviate from the claus∧ from the schedule. Mr. CAVENAGH tHought a comparison of the two maps would show them that the first one was not carelessly prepared. The hon. member Mr. Bright had taken no notice of the reports of Mr. Valentine and Mr. Bonney, but had only gone by Mr. Goydei's dictum. He himself did not pin his faith to a peison who made certain valuations, and prepared a certain map at one time and altered them afterwards. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. Glyde) pointed out that under the present system the total payments supposed to be made were £39, COO, and under the minimum of the proposed system £9,000; but the fact was they would never get the entire £39.000; but it would be quite fair to fix it at £30,000. -Then, in the other case, instead of the minimum of £1 per mile, they would doubtless realize at least £3, and that would increase the receipts to £20,000: and of course it wa3 intended to give some concession in order to induce persons to continue in the occupation of the land. Mr.. CAKE should pay great respect to the opinion of the hon. member Mr. Cavenagh as against that of Mr. Goyder alone; but in the present instance the latter was supported by the Kuii3 Commission and the Ministry, and therefore he was more disposed to take lib dictum than that of the hon. member. He should consequently support the schedules as they stood. The amend ment of the hon. member Mr. Hay was a very valuable one, and the grounds he had given in favour of it were unanswerable. It was unreason able that the whole of the improvements should go to the lessee if the land was sold just before the expiry of the lease, and the graduated scale pro posed was equitable. The TREASURER (Hon. T. Reynolds) said the amendment introduced quite a new element into the matter which had not before been debated, and he could not see how the Government could enter tain it The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS thought the amendment would commend itself to the mind of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, who had made the same suggestion in respect of wells. The only objection the Commissioner could make would be that the fractions were not sufficiently minute. At the present time the squatter was entitled on resumption to the whole of his im provements ; but the effect of the amendment would be to take away those rights, and complicate more than ever the relations between the Government aud squatters. He was quite sure the country would not sit quietly by and see the squatters occupy these runs at a peppercorn rental; for as sure as such a measure was car ried, which did no not give the country a fair return for the concessions, so surely would the country interfere, and a cry be raised against the terms of occupation. Take the case of Kanyaka. He mentioned this not with any personal reference, but because this was a convenient illustration. One of the leases had to pay over £1,100 a year, and that would expire in a very few years. That lease was to be extended to 21 years at a rental of £26 or £27 for a year, provided the minimum was not exceeded, while if the maximum carrying capabilities of the run as fixed by Mr. Phillips — about 100 sheep— were availed of the rental would only be £120. He was sure this was much too low, for there were plenty of persons willing to give at least £3 a mile for the country included in that lease. The Commissioner of Crown Lands in favour of these minimum rentals argued that in good seasons the minimum would be greatly exceeded. He should like to ask the Hon. the Com missioner where the sheen were to come from: for the argument of Mr. Price, who had taken an active part in respect of these concessions, was that when there was a good season sheep could not be obtained, as the squatters could not increase their flocks until they knew that they would have a good season. If there were a succession of goad seasons the increase in the stock might be effected, but not otherwise ; and the squatters must be gratified to have a Commis sioner of Crown Lands in office who could be so easily gulled as the present one. He thought the best plan would be to place the whole of these leases in a schedule, with a price attached to each, and give the squatters the option of coming in and taking them or leaving them alone. If this was merely a concession to those who had suffered heavy losses, the time had gone by for ottering opposition to such a measure ; but under it many would receive concession who had never suffered at all. He should support the amendment, as it was calculated to return to the country some of the advantages which otherwise it would lose through the Bill. Mr. ROUNSEVELL did not think it right to lease away from the purposes of agriculture land near Port Augusta and the settled districts at so low a minimum of assessment as 2d. a head. To carry out such a provision would be to do an in justice to the colony at large. They ought not to legislate for the squattera alone, but for all classes, and he felt that these concessions proposed were much too liberal on one side. Mr. HAY must almost claim the Treasurer's support, owing to the shift he had been put to to find one against the amendment. A motion had been carried that day for affording concessions to mineral lessees; but were they to carry it out without alteration because ne amendment had been raised? lie had not known what this Bill would contain before and what amendment would he necessary; but he was sure the squatters would agree wi'.h him that the Bill was sufficiently liberal, including the nrovision he had tironosHd. Hr was satisfied that much of the land would be resumed and sold before the termination of the leases; and if this was the case, and the land got into the hands of freeholders, their exports would be doubled. Sir. COGLIN asked if the Commissioner of Crown Lands had stated to the House what loss to the revenue the passing of this Bill would entail, or had he pointed out what a great advantage it would be to have the runs submitted to public competition. There would be no difficulty in getting sheep to stock the runs, as they could be obtained from over the water or by natural in crease ; but he saw no use in offering opposition to a measure so generally supported. He should like the Hon. Commissioner to state how much the country would gain by having these runs put up to public competition. lie did not bring this matter forward from any splenetic feeling toward the squatters, but with a view to the public good. The Hon. W. MILNE had understood the Hon. Mr. Strangways to say that one lease at Kanyaka had to pay £1.100 a year; but the fact was theie was no lease there that had to pay anything approaching that rental. Under the Act of 1805-6 a certain extensioti of time wis given to runs under Goyder's valuations, with a reduction for improve ments in Column B. So far from Kanjaj;a having to pay this rent in one instance the rent would not cover the improvements. He should content him self now with giving the hon. member's statement a ll.it denial. The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGAYAYS had quoted from returns laid on the table. He had been speaking from memory, but he believed there was one run in the name of Phillips, Waterhouse, and Milne of which the rental was over £1,000. He recollecte'l now that Kanyaka was one of the runs included in the Concessions Bill of lSt55-fi. and that the improvements would have swallowed up the rental altogether, only the Government refuted to let it be held at less than 10s. a square mile— a decision which gave great dissatisfaction in some quarters. The Hon. W. MILNE denied in toto the state ment that any run in which the gentlemen named were concerned had to pay anything approaching such a rent a- had been stated. The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS was sure his memory had not deceived him as to one run paying the £1,100, but if he made a mistake he would state so on some future day. He was satisfied there was a run of some 150 square miles standing in the name of Phillips, Waterhouse, and Milne that had lo Day a rental of about £1.100. The Hen. W. MILNE said that was the usual way the hon. member made statements. He made them in the most unscrupulous manner, and when they were challenged and denied he attributed the mistake to his memory. The strong denial of the statement which he had given .vent for nothing, but led to a repetition of it The hon. member had made no mistake at all, but ha. I, as he commonly did quoted entirely from imagination. The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS said that was a plain assertion, and it was not the first time that remarks with regard to Kanyaka had stirred the Scotch blood of the hon. member for Onka paringa. But that fact had no effect upon him, as lie could always give as good as he got, and some times a little better. If the hon. member wished to engage in a free interchange of compliments he had no objection, but he would say that he had never used his_ interest as Commissioner of Crown Lands to obtain a reduction in the rent of a run of his, perhaps because he never had one. Mr. KOUNSEVELL was satisfied that if the squatters continued to press their claims they would get worse instead of better for it They did not seem to be satisfied witli the concessions of a previous session, but now they wished for a further reduction of rent and extension of lease. He thought the members were a little mistaken as to the runs alluded to, for he was aware that one little lease where the head station was concerned did not come into the reduction very well; but if the whole lease was considered, he believed that the rental would come to about that stated by the Hon. Mr. Strangways. The Hou.se should do what was fair to the squatters. He would admit that the squatters should have the squatting country for ever, but a proper rental should be placed on it. He maintained that there was not sufficient ability in the House to enable them to assess what would be a proper rental for 21 years hence, and therefore he should propose that a fair assessment should be placed on the runs on short terms. The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS thought the easiest way would be that the squatters should take the land, and fix their own terms and rental. All along the measures which had been passed had hppn concessions in favour of the smmtt.prs nnii none for the benefit of the country. The TREASURER (Hon. T. Reynolds) said when this matter was debated in 1865 they had not much information, but a thorough investigation had since been made by a Commission, and the Bill was based on its report. The measure was not originated by the squatters, but of the Commission, and the evidence justified it. looking at the unanimity with which the resolutions on this subject were passed, he was a little surprised at the tone some members now adopted. It was not fair to charge the squatters with trying by means of the Bill to get mare than they were entitled to, as an independent Commission recommended the measure, which, under the circumstances, was not too liberal. Mr. COLTON said hon. members in looking into the whole question had had more light thrown upon it; and he thought it was the duty of every hon. member to look closely at the subject as the Bill was intended to fix the whole of the waste lands for squatting purposes for 21 years. He might have to refer to Kanyaka; but he did not do so to offend any one in the House, but merely to illustrate his argument His belief was that if the Government had gone on the evidence, instead of on the report of the Commission, a very different Bill from this would have been intnxfuced-one giving satisfaction to the squatters and the country, instead of being all in favour of the squatters. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. GlydeJ, in reply to the remarks of the hon. member Mr. Coghn. repeated the explanation he had given as to the loss of the revenue which would result from this Bill. As to what the leases would fetch if put up to auction just before the expiration of their term two or three years hence it was impossible to imagine. The Hon H B. T Strangways .had spoken, of his being 'easily gulled. Possibty he might be a little milled but he thought the hon. member himself was rather unintelligible in his statements. He stated that the squatters could not get more sheep and yet he wished that Kanyaka, which he said was estimated to carry 15 sheep to the mile, should pay £1,100, or £7 to the mile. The height of ab surdity could no fnrther go. The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS did not say so, but that Mi. Phillips had said that the run would carry 100 sheep, and no one would accuse a , squatter. of over-valuing hia run. He asiced the Commissioner of Crown Lands whether the cele-. orated Kanyaka run had not for some strange I ™180nob?? removed from Class A and put into UassC, although the proprietor admitted that it would carry 100 sheep to the square mile. The COMMISSIONER ofTfiOWN LANDS (Hon. L. Glyde) would respectfully refer the hon. member to the Commission, who had adopted Mr. Goyder's map, and approved of it as fair and equitable. He asked hon. members whether his illustration of the statement of the hon. member was not perfectly correct The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS had said that if the run earned 15 sheep at the lowest and one good season came a larger number could not be obtained, but that the run would not carry more than the ^minimum he had not stated. Mr. BOU1»SEVELL would have no objection to give the squatters £10,000 a year to leave the runs as they were. It was quite pleasing to see the change that bad come over the Treasurer and the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and he was sur prised that they should be so easily convinced by the mass of evidence brought forward. He wa3 not convinced by it and he believed many hon. members, as well as the country, had not been. The amendment of Mr. Hay was carried. The CHAIRMAN suggested to Mr. Cavenagh that his best plan would be to give notice for sub stituting the schedule to the Act of 1SC5-6* to that now appearing at the end of the Bill. Mr. COLTON thought the 5th clause should he struck out if thet5thwas;but he should not vote for the expungment as he could effect his object by means of alterations in the schedule. The Chairman put the question that the clause as amended stand part of the Bill, and declared it carried. A division was called for:— Ayes, 17— The Attorney-General, the Treasurer, he Commissioner of Public Works. Messrs. A. 3lyth, Boucaut Bright Carr. Colton, Hay. McCulloch. Milne, Neales, Rankine. Riddoch, A. Stow, Williams, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands (teller). Noes, 8- Messrs, Bower, Coglin. Fuller, Roun Bevell. Smith, Strangways, Umpherston, and Cavenagh (teller). Majority of 9 for the Ayes. House resumed, and the Committee obtained leave to sit again on Thursday next. ROSEWORTHY ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Second reading. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Bon. P. Santo) moved the second reading of the Bill. The plans bad been before non. members for some time, and he had been requested by Mr. Hanson to state that he had had to hurry on the survey of the line, so that perhaps it had not been so carefully made as it should be. The deviations proposed were necessary to secure better gradients. The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS asked whether the Bill did not bear upon the appropria tion of revenue, and whether it ought not there fore to have been recommended bv message. The SPEAKER did not apprehend that there wa* any necessity for a message. . Carried, and Bill read a second time, In Committee. The clauses, preamble, and title were passed as printed. The House resumed, and the report was agreed to. the third reading being fixed for next day. The House aojourned at 10 minutes past 5 until next day at a quarter to 2 o'clock. 