_. . . ! ??'?.?.y-** "A's the voyager apprôaohès' the j stares ' '. ' 1 "Viotóría, tho first "welqODie/jahd^^wUii greats him ia tbs- bold promontory of "On; 'Otway. If it be at: night, the blaze fro 'the light-house on ita southern point sen liim its , obeering welcome' for many . 'league «cross tbe ooeau i whioh, he bas i Hong traversed in expectation, and cal 'forth, rapturous -hurrahs-from tbe throng .passengers wbo crowd to the forecastle, it bo day, tho eye rents oa ita lofty foro hills , with a quiet and . singular deligli These heights fully respond to the ideal 'a new land only recently peopjpd. ' Olotht with forests from the margin of the sea 'their very summits, they realise vividly .tl ?approaoh to a vast region of primesv .nature. The tall white stems of tho gun trees stand thickly Bide by side like i many hoary oolutnas ; and, here and thai .amongst them desoend dark ravines ; whil pilf 8 of rooks on the "heights,' alternatin; with jagged chines and projecting 'spurs < the mountains, prosent their solitary masse to the breeze of ocean. ? j i Amongst the rooks of this wild sh or there are sea-caves, pf vast extent an solemn nspcot, whioh have never yet bee; thoroughly explored. The forest éxtondin fifty miles or more, in all directions, is on of the most dense and savage in the whol colony. Until lately it waa almost impass able from the, density of. the sorub, an from the thick . masses of vine's (that i lianne, or oreeping cord-like plants, oliieflj parasitical), which, as in the jforésts o* South America, olimb from tree to tree knitting the woods into an obaourê and im penetrable shade. Excepting along thi track from Mr. Eoadknigbt's station, nea <ihe sourcoa of tho Borwan, through th 'heart of tbe forest to Apollo Bay, a distance . of forty miles, you might cut your wa} with an axe ; but would find it difficult,tt . moke progress otherwise. Tho greater par . of tho ' promontory-consisting bf steej ? hills covered, with gigantio trees Intersected by shelving valleys, and dark with congre gated fern-trees, beetling precipices,, anç stony deolmties--afford8 , no food foi cattle. In one day.ho wever, known to th« \- ooloniats asBlaok Thursday, a hurricane ol -flame oponed its rude and impraotioabh wilderness to the foot of man : ; but pre . Bented him, at tho same time, with a black and blasted ob »OB of chaired trees, and -. gigantic füllen trunks and branches. It was in thia forest, in' the' early morn- ing ol'this memorable day, the sixth ol February, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, . that n young man opened his eyes, and sat . up to look about him. Ile had, j the day before, driven a herd of fifty bullocks from the station of Mr. Roadknight thus far- on his wuy towards his own residence in tbe . oountry, between Lake Corangamite and Mount Gellibrand. Ile had readied at evening a small grasBy valley in the out- skirts of the forest watered by a ore»k fall lng into the western Bar wa a", and had there paused for the night. His mob of cattle, tired and hungry, were ' not inclined to stray from the rich pasturage before them . and, bobbling out his splendid black horse .Soroerer, ?. he prepared to pasB the night in the simple fashion of the settler on such journeys A fallen log supplied him with, a convenient seat, a lire was quickly lit from the dead boughs whioh lay plentifully around, and his quartpot, replenished at the creek, was . soon hisriing and bubbling with its aide thrust into tho glowing fire.' Ho had a good . ßtore of kungaroó-sand triohes, and there he sot with his oup of strong bush-tea ; looking alternately at the grazing cattle, and into the solemn, gloomy, and soundless wood-*, in wbioli even the laughing jackass : failed to Bhout his clamorous adieu to the falling day. \- Only the distant monotone of the morepork -the nocturnal cuckoo of' the Australian wilds-ranched bis ear; making- the pro- found solitude still moro solitary. He very soon rolled himself in his travelling rug, and flung himself down'before the fire Laving previously piled,a frosh supply of -timber upon it-near where his trusty dogs lay, nnd where Soroerer,., in the favourite iaBhiou of the bush-horsB, slept as he stood. The morning was hushed and breathlesa. Instead of that braoing chill, with whioh the Australian lodgor out of doors generally waUca up, Robert Patterson found; the per- spiration standing thiok on his face, and bo felt a strange longing for, a deep breath of fiesh air. But motton there was none, \- except in the little oreek which triokled with a fr es h and inviting aspect at a few yards from him. Ho arose, and stripping, plunged into tho deepest spot of it he could find ; and thus refreshed, rekindled his Aro, and mudo his solitary breakfast: But all around him bung, as it were, a leaden and death- like heaviness. Not a bough nor a blade of grass was moved by* the air. The trees stood inanimately moody and sullen. He cast his eyes through the'gloomy shadow beneath them, and a sultry, suflaiating \- density seemed to ok urge the atmosphere. The sky above him was dimmed by a grey haze. " There is something in tbe wind to day, old ful low," he suid, addressing his horse in his usual way ; for ho had long looked on him as a oompaaion, and firmly believed tliat ho understood all that he said to him. «' There is something in the wind ; yet, "where ia the wind ?" The perspiration streamed from bini with the mere exertion of, saddling his horse, and as bo mounted him to rouso up his cattle. Horse, dogs, and cattle, manifested a list- lessness that only an extraordinary ooudi tion of the atmosphere could produce. If you had earm the tall, handsome young man seated on his tall' and noble horse, you would havo felt that they wore together formed.for any exploit of strength and speed. .But tho whole troop-cattle, man, and horBe /- wont tjlowly and soberly along, aB if they wero oppressed by a great fatigue or the 'extremo exhaustion of fumino. The forest closed in upon them again, and they proceeded along a narrow, track; flanked on eaoh side by tall and densely-growing troes ; the oreoping vines making of the whola forest one intiioato, impenetrable scene. Ali was hushed as at midnight. Np bird enlivenod the solitude by its cries, and thoy had left the little stream. : Suddenly theie carno a puff of air; but it was like the air from the jaws of a fumaoe, hot, dry, ..... - » < >f->.t .withering, in. its-very touoh.. ... The y oui Bettler lookedi qui oki y ir. the direotion frc whioh it came, and instantly shouted to t cattle before him, in a wild, abruptj stnrtlii shout, swung uloft the stock-whip which ; held in his hand, and brought it down wi tlie report of a pistol, and tho sharp cut with H knife, on the ear of the huge bullo just before him. The stock-whip, with handle about a half a yard long and a thoi of three yarda long, of plaited bullook-hid is a terrible instrument in the hands of practised stockman. Its sound is the no of terror to the oattle, it is like the report i a blunderbuss, and tho stockman at fu gallop will hit any given spot on the bea that he is within renell of, and out the piei clean away through the thickest hide thi bull or bison over wore, lie will strike fly on a spot of mud at full speed, and tal away the skin with him, making the ros blood spring into'the wind, and the astor ¡shed animal dnrt forward as if mad. Loud and louder, wilder and more fi ere si shouted the squatter, and d.-shed his hors forward over fallen trees ; through orashin thickets, first on one side of tho road, an thon on the other. Crack, crack, went th [ stinging, slashing whip ; loud was the bar of doçs; and the mot) of oattle rushed foi I warda at headlong speed. The young ma gaz* 1 upward ; and, through the only narrow opening of the forest saw strange volume of smoke rolling southward. Hotter, hottei stronger and more steadily came the wine Fie suddenly checked his horse, and listen ing, grew pale at the sound .whioh reitohei him. It was alow deep roar, as of a wini ia- the treê- tops, or of a heavy water-fall distant, and smothered in some deep ravine "God have mercy !" he exclaimed, " i bush fire I and in this thiok forest!" Onci more he sprang forward, shouting, thunder ing with his whip. Ile and the herd wen galloping along the narrow wood track. But as he had turned westward in the direction, of his home, the woods-of which -he hac before seen the boundary-now closed foi some miles upon, him ; and, as he could nol tarn right or left for the chaos of vines and sorub that obstructed the forest, the idea ol being overtaken there by the bush-fire was horrible. Such an event would be death, and death only. Therefor«, he urged on his flying herd wi h desperation. Crack upon oraok from bis long whip, resounded through the hollow wood. The cattle themselves ëeemed tc hear tho ominous sound, and snitf the non strongly perceptible smell of burning. The I roar of the tire came louder, and ever and anon seemed to swell and surge as if urged I on by a rough rising blast. The heat was fierce and suffocating. The young squatter's 'olothes clung to him with streaming perspi- ration. The horse and oattle steamed and smoked with boiling heat. Yet onward, onward they dashed with lolling tongues. Soroerer, specked with patches of foam on his dark shining body, seemed to grow furi- ously impatient of the obstruction offered by the bullooka in his path. As his master's whip exploded on their flanks, he laid baok his ears ; and with flaming eyeballs and bared teeth, strove to tear them in his rage. Kohert Patterson knew that the extraor- dinary heat and drought of the summer had scorched up tho grass ; tho ve'ry . ground ; had hoked up the water' from crab-hole, pool, and many a creek ; had withered the herbage into crisp hay, and so withered the foilage. that you might orumblo it between your fingers. The country > seemed thoroughly prepared , for a ' conflagration, and only required the fiery wind to send a blaze of extermination over the whole land. For weeks, nay months, the shephards and sawyers had spoken of fires burning in the hills; and in the fern-tree breaks of this very forest he had been recently told that flames had been observadla various direc- tions burning redly by night. If the fire had reached him and his herd before they escaped into the open plains, they must be consumed like stubble. Tbe oattle .began to show signs of exhaustion, hanging but their parched tongues, and pant- ing heavily; the perspiration on himself and horse waa dried up by the awful heat, and the dogs ran silently, "or only whining lowly to themselves, as they hunted every hollow on their way for water. S t'ddenly thoyAvere out in an open plain, yet with the forest oa either ha&d;, but at a considerable distance. What a scene ! The woods were flaming and crackling in one illimitable conflagration. The wind,.dashing from the north in gusts of inconceivable heat, seemed to sear the very faoe and shrivel up the lung». Tbe fire leaped from tree to troe, flashing and roar- ing ulong, with tho speed and destructive- ness of lightning. The sere foliage seemed to snatch the fire, and to perish in it in a riot ot' demoniacal revelry. un ic uaw, fast as tho fleetest horse could gallop ; and consuming aoros of leaves in a moment, etill remained to rage and roar among the bran ohos and in the billow stems of ancient treéB. The whole wood on the left was an enormous region of intenaest Hamo; and that on the right, sent forth the sounds of the same ravaging fires ; but, being to wind- ward, the flames oould not be seen for the vasts olouds of smoke, mingled with fiery upai ks, whioh were rolled on the air, There' was a sound as of thunder, mingled with the crash of falling trees, and tho wild oríes of legions of birds of all kinds ; whioh fell sooroliod and blaokoned and dead to the ground. Once out on this open plain, the cattle were speedily lost in the blinding ooe<m of smoke, and the young settler, obliged to abandon them, made a dash onward for his life. XI ow the (lames came raying along the grass with the speed of the wind, and mow- ing all naloo'h aa a pavement; now it tore furiously through some' near point of the forest, and flung burning ashes and tangles of blazing bark upon the galloping rider. Hut Sorcerer, with an instinct more infallible than human sagaoity, sped on, over thicket, and stone, and fallon trees, snorting in the thick masses of smoke, and strotohing for- ward his gaping jaws ns to oatoli every breath of air to sustain impeded respiration. When the wind veered, tho reok driven backward, revealod a most amazing scene. Tho blazing skirts of the forests1; huge iso- lated trees, glaring red- standing columns of Uro ; here a vast troop of wild horses with flying manes, and tails, rushing with thun- dering hoofs oyer tb.« plain ; thora herd» of oattlo..running., with - bloodshot -ejeB-an hanging tongues, they knew not withei from the fires ; troops of kangaroos lonpin frantically across the rider's path, their hai singed and giving out strongly the steno] of fire ; birds pf all kinds and colours shriek ing piteously as they drove wildly by, am yet' saw no spot of safety ; thousands o sheep standing huddled in terror on th scorched flats, with singed wool, deserted Iv i their shepherds, who had fled: for their lives. I Bat onward flew the intrepid Soroerei onward stretched his ,rider, thinking light ning-winged thoughts of homo, and of hil helpless, paralysed mother there. With a caution inspired by former out. breaks of bush fires, he had made at sorai distanoe round his homestead a bare oirole He had felled the forest trees, leaving onlj ouo here and there, at such distances tha there was little fear of ignition. As th( summer dried the grass, he had set fire to ii on days when tho wind was gentle enoagl to leave tho flame at command watching branch in hand, to beat out any blaze thai might have travelled into the forest. Bj this means be had hitherto prevented tlx fire from reaching hts homestead ; and he had strongly recommended tho same plat to his neighbours, though generally witl I little effect. Kow, the fire was so terrible and sparks flew so wide on the wind, that ht feared they might kindle the grass round his homestead, and that he might find every- thing and every person there, consumed. But, behold! the gleaming, wolcomt waters of Lake Colac ! Sorcerer rushed head' long towards it; aad wading hastily up tc his sides in its oooling flood, thrust his head to the eyes into it and drank, as if he oould never be satisfied with less than the whole lake. Englishmen, new to the scene, would have trembled for the horse ; but the bushateed knows best what he needs, eats and drinks as likes him best, and flourishes on it. Smoking hot, the rider lets him drink his fill, and all goes wei'. 'Ik-i hen! produoes perspiration, and the evaporation cools and' soothes him. Robert- Patterson did not lose a moment in following Sorcerer's example. He flung, himself headlong from the- saddle, dressed as he was, dived, and splashed, and drank exuberantly. He held again and again his smarting face and singed hands in the delicious water; then threw it over the steed, that now, satiated, stood panting in the flood. He laved and rubbed down the grateful animal with wave after wave, cleaning the dried perspiration from every hair, giving him refreshment at every pore. Then up und »way again. Ho had not ridden two hundred yards, bofore he saw, lying on tba plain, a horse that .bad fallen in saddle and bridle, and lay with his legs under him, and head stretched stiffly forwurd, with glaring eye- balls;'but dead. Near him was a man, alive, but sunk in exhaustion. His eyes I turned wildly on the young squatter, and his parched lips moved, but without a sound. Robert Patterson comprehended his need ; and, running to tba lake, brought his panni- kin full of water, and put it tb his mouth. lt was the water of life to him. His voice and some degree of strength , came quickly back. Ho had oome from tho north, and had ridden a race with the fire, till horse , and man had dropped' here, the horse never to rise again. But i'attterson's need was too urgent for delay- He found the man had no lack of provisions ; he carried him in his arma to the margin of the lake, mounted, and rode on.' As he galloped forward, it was still fire fire everywhere. He felt convinced that the conflagration-fanned by the strong wind, and acting upon fires in a hundred quarters -extended over,the whole sun-dried colony. It was still early noon, when with strain- ing eyes, and a heart whioh seemed- almost to stand still with a terrible anxiety, he came near his own home. He darted over the brow of a hill-there it lay safe t The oirole within his- cleared boundary was un touehed by the fire. There were his paddocks, his cattle, his huts, and home. With a lightning thought his thanks flew up to heaven, ' and he was the next moment it his-door, in his boase, in his mother's arms. Robert's anxiety had been great for the safety of hts' mother, her anxiety was tripled for him. Terror occasioned by a former conflagration 1 had paralysed her lower ex tremities- v and now, the idea of ber only son, her only remaining relative in the colony, being met by this unex- ampled fire in the dense defiles of the terrible Otway Forest, kept her in a state ; of the most fearful tension of mind. Mrs. Patterson, though oonSned to ber wheeled chair, was a woman of pre-eminent energy and ability JLefc with, her boya mere infant, she had managed all her affairs with a skill and discretion: that had pro- duced great prosperity. Though her heart was kind, her word was law; ana there was no man on her run who dared in the» slightest, to disobey her ; nor one within the whole country round who did not respeot and revere her. She had been a remark- ably handsome woman. The whole of tho floors of the station being built on one level, in her wheel chair she .oould be at any moment in any part of her house or premises. The moment the first joy of mothar and son was over, what a scene presented itself! The station was like a fair. From the whole country round people had fled from the. fire, and had instioiively fled 'there There was a feeling that the Patterson precautions, whioh they themselves had neglected, where, the ¡mranteés of sifety. Thither shephards had driven their Hooks, stookmen their herds, and wholo families, oompolled to fly fritm their burning houses, had hurried thither with the few effects that they oould snatoh up, and. bear with them. Patterson's paddooks wore crowded with horses and oattle ; tho bush round his station was literally hidden beneath his own and his neighbours floaki. Stookmen shepherds, substantial, squatters',' 'now houseless men, were in throngs.; Families, with troops of ohüdren, had onoamped on the open ground near his house, beneath temporary : tents of sheets and blankets. His house was crammed with fugi ives, and was ono soeno of orowding, oonfusion, and sorrow. Luokily the Patterson store- room was well Btocked' with flour, and there could be no want of meat with all those Hooks and herds about, them. But for tue cattle themselves thero must soon bo a famine ; and the moment - tli e fire -abuted, 8oout8imaat be sent out in nil dirootiona but especially to the high plains around Lake Corangamite-in searoh of temporary pasture Meantime fires were lighted in a dozen places ¡ .and frying- pans, and kettles fully employed ; for, spito of flight, and loss, and grief, hunger, as Homer thou- sands of years ago asserted, is impudent, and will be fed. The stories that the people had to tell were most melancholy. Houses burnt down, flocks destroyed, children suffocated in tho smoke or lost in the rapid flight; shepherds and bullock-drivers consumed with their oattle. Numbers bad fled tc creeks and pools, and yet had been severely burnt ; the flames driving over the surface of the water with devouring force. . Some had lain in shallow brooks, turning ovei and over, till finally forced to get up and fly. StiU, as the day went on, numbers came pouring in with fresh tales of horror and devastation. The whole country appeared to bethe prey of the flames; and mea who were, a few hours before, out of the reaah of poverty .or oalamity, were now homeless paupers. " The Maxwells, mother," Patterson asked -" is there any news of them ?" ' " None, my dear Robert, none," replied his mother. "I hope and believe that they are quite safe. They have long ago adopted your own plan ot a ole ara nee ring, and I doubt not are just now as much a oentre of refuge, as we are." " But I should like to be sure," said Robert, seriously. ' I must ride over and see." . " Mast you ? I think yon must nit," said Mrs. Patterson. "But if yon cannot be satisfied, let some one of the men go ; there aro plenty at hand, and you are already worn out with fatigue and excitement." " No, I am quite well and fresh-I had rather go myself," said Robert; "it is not far." And he strode out, his mother say- ing " If you find all right, don't come back to- night." Robert Patterson was soon mounted on a fresh and powerful horse, and cantered off towards Mount Hesse. It was only seven miles off. The hot north wind had ceased to blow ; thc air was cooler, and the fires in the forest were burning more tamely. Yet he bad to ride over a track which showed him the ravages which the flames had made in bis pleasant woods. The whole of the grass was annihilated ; the dead timber lying on the ground was Btill buming; and huse hollow trees stood like great chimneys, with flames issuing from their tops as from a furnace, and a red intense fire burning within their trunks below ; and from them burning earthy matter caine tumbling out smoking and' rolling on the ground. He was about crossing a small creek, when he saw an Irishman-a' shepherd of the Max wells-sitting onits banks ; his olothes were nearly all consumed from his back, his hat was the merest remaining fragment, scorched and shrivelled. The man was rooking himself to and' fro and groaning. " Fehan f exclaimed! Patterson. " What has happened' to you ?" I The man. turned upon him a visage that startled him with terror. It was,indeed,no longer a human visage -r but a soorched and swollen mass of deformity. The beard and hair were burnt away. Eyes were not visible ; the whole face being a confused heap of red fllesh and hanging blisters. The poor fellow raised a pair of hands that displayed equally the dreadful work of the fire. The young squatter exclaimed, " How dreadful I Let me help you, Fehan-let me take you home.'' The man groaned again.; and opening hie distorted mouth with difficulty, aad with agony, said :: " I hâve BO home-it i& burnt." " And your family ?" " l\ad- all dead! ' " But »re you sure-are you quite' sure-?" said Hebert, excitedly. " I saw one--my eldest boy; he was lying burnt near the house. I Jilted ham, to carry him away, but he said, 'Liy me down, father,-lay, me down ; I oannot bear it.' I laid bim down and asked, were are the rest ? ' All fled into the bash,' he said, and then he died. They ase all burned. (TO BB aOWBIKUKD.) 