BUSH-FIRE NEAR HALLETTS STATION. On Sunday afternoon a dastardly attempt to set fire to the grass round about this locality was made by some person or persons possessed of. most malicious intentions, bat most provi dentially their hopes and desires in this respect were frustrated, as will be seen by the subjoined evidence adduced at the inquest held by Mr. MacDermott and a Jury of 13, on Tuesday, the (2th inst.,' at the residence of Mr. R. Hallett, at Hill .Side. The first witness examined was William Marshall, who was clerk of works o. the Central Road Board, and was camped inth -; neighborhood. On Sunday afternoon, about - o'clock, he was riding on the Booborowie-rood, an 1 saw s noke, and rode to the north-east corner of Cobb & Co.'s wheat paddock, and found it came from there. On his. arrival found Feveral men there with bags witlt which they had extinguished the fire. About half an acre of grass had been destroyed. Some of the long grass had been cut off, and ha had not the slightest doubt but that th -. country had been set fire to maliciously and in tentionally. He had no suspicion of any per son, neither did he notice any person going away from the spot when he first saw the smoke, nor previously. When he got to the fire he noticed a piece of a spelling-book, partially burnt. The next witness, John Hawke, who is in charge of Cobb & Co.'s paddock, corroborated the statement of the last witness, but deposed that he noticed that a candle had been placed on a piece of paper, the wick of which was o:i the paper, also some of the grease. A hole had been made in the earth, and th' candle had been put into it, with sons - green stuff to the windward side of it, so as to prevent its being blown out. James McEwen, a servant employed by Mr. Hallett, deposed to first seeing the fire, and pro ceeded at once to the spot and put it out. Thin witness also bore out the evidence of the pre vious witness, Hawke, as to the candle and paper. &c;, and stated that he searched the wheat p.-nl - dock of Cobb's, but could not discover any oue. William Nottle, who stated that he was :i mower, working for Messrs. Cobb & Co., de posed that on Sunday afternoon he went out U- have a look at the crop, and perceived a man walking through the paddock, but did not tak any particular notice of him, as be thought h. was on the same errand as himself. This was :l short time previous to the fire occurring. Hi- appeared to be dressed in dark clothes, but was too far away to see any particulars about hi-, dress, and did not know what hat he wore. Hi was then going towards the north-east enrt ot tne paddock. At this time the tire had not occurred. Shortly after witness returned back to the house and saw smoke arising CouM not say whether the person he had seen was tall or short, as he was walking on one side of thu paddock and witness on the other. After seeing the fire thought it must have been the work oi the man he had seen, as he bad seen no other person near the spot, and did not again see him after the fire nor since. Michael Houan,ashepher.t in the employ of Mr. Hallett, gave evidence as to seeing the hole in the ground so as to receive the candle, and was certain the fire was c.msed by its being lighted. Went with McEwen and endeavored to track footprints which had been seen, and did so for some distance. They led towards the -bills. This being all the evidence, the Jury returned the following verdict : — 'That the grass was set fire to maliciously by some person or persons unknown.' The greatest vigilance bas been used by Crown Lands Ranger Coglin, who has been out recently day and night on the qui rive for persons who infringe the regulations of the Bush Fires Act. 