THE FAEH AST) STATIOH. The Farm.—Botes on the Xonth. On the eubjeet of die action of rammt upon the tcfl, various and apparently eoo tmdktory uwoti reach oe. It b evident the* the d~nncp*rwy must arise ealdy from the difference in the daactaof the soils <m which die experiment* here been tziedL By eoopering (he remit* of the application of ditont manures upon the ami, the fanner may arrive at a tolerably comet ejmiai of their action in producing good crape. Basrt not be kct eight of, that the same eort of ■—rrrrrg it not always adapted to different kinds of crape; and, that whatever principles an taken from the bod- by crape, should be re tained, in come form, to keep up the fertility af the aoiL In leisure time, after the harvest, manure may be carted to the field and either placed in heaps ready for {toughing in, or it may be carted on to the headland if its in* tended to use it later in the season. All cart ing of manure should, if posriblf, be done when die land h dry and bard; they prefer to take advantage of dnng fonts is the old country, when the passage of a loaded dray make* so isapremon whatever npon the mm honnd earth. Dry, strawy manure, should be Tell rotted before being ploughed in; rait ia nearly worthless to the ami, if it is not pro perly ratted, and indeed ia nunc injnriooa than many people imagine, by keeping the eo3 too open. Few pattmee, if stodced at all, should be . stocked very lightly, feeding off the young graasea may caoje them to tiller; a large flock of (beep turned into dm pasture is better than • small one, as dm grasses can sooner have a chance to make a start again, when dm stock are removed. tireen Manuring.—For exhausted soils de ficient in organic matters, it wonld be a good course to take in band and give them one or two ploughing#; and when the sofl is reduced sufficiently, to sow the seeds of any qoiek grpwing plant for • crop to be ploughed down, thus contribating to restore to die worn-out ami some portion of its fertility. For this purpose^, almost any kind of cultivated crop can be grown, as peas, buckwheat, barley, rape, mustard, turnips, also lupins and son* finwoa. Tobaoeo.—lbs fftmeutatason has been fovonmltoflcwtbetpbsceotrap. Ifplsntsnra jmtont nowysdeotthoae which have four or fivsjeavm^itf iiiaef a robust growth. Be mere * fow of the small lower leaves from the ■ ptsptations firstjmtoo^ and give them a . akjgbt earthing* offmde Aoola ■meters; take off the tops of the pfents as the ^bhasem iboot; becomes developed ;; ly (he . ciufy nauml of aide shoots, suckers, and \fiossbms, the weight of leaf is greatly in «,jmsrfl> andits-ripening iposigited. Book ■ into pVmtad tob*ooo,or | w» of great stJHtr cn the tighter seals. It ; ! kept the pltnt for a longer time is good gitw- : , i~-g Condition, ili» IrTrel jcsalt «k that : , there was a larger prodsoe. That was de- ; | adeSy the case "with regard to rrnmgrildfi. ■ i la *h» counties the moderele use of j salt had im cotaaSj iraeued tie root j * crop, sad he betiered it did bo br retarding ■ the growth cd the plant. la light scab, when i 1 dry rather set b, roots ww very apt to . | dwindle tnj, or to yield cnfr half craps, j j By sppSying ash in moderate quantities, jbo* j ! Tided the land ns othervBe well manured, i they prolonged the Me of the p^,T,t. the aiw- > gold crop did not then go off so rapidly, and ^ I a large? crop una obtained. On heavy land j titer ought to use manures She superphos- j i phaies, which tended to bring about eatly ; I m&ixzntT.; j I Bust.—Acuuimis from the country datrifte ; j state that rust is prevalent in same Vvnlrtiff j j Attertion must in f atone be more directed to i i the varieties of wheat whkh betf withstand ' rast. It is to be hoped that the dispai* will not spread. A few weeks will now ripen most of ! the crope; come in the most forward districts j axe ahead; harvested, the crope being reported | » very fine. j Tillage.—There seems to be an advantage | on da; and string loam; amk in the deep and thorough tillage of the land when dry in the ■ m ninter or anhmm, which a m> ramazhaWy j greater than the advantage of the same pro- I eat at mar other aeaaon as almost to require some special explanation. The greater effect < of tilling coQe when in a dry state is doe to j the increased aeration, and the subdmson of j their component parte by the mechanical and atmospheric influences. But whatever the explanation be, the fact on almost ever; kind ] of toil » unquestionable ; and an; means of cheapening and rendering more effective a thorough summer tillage, and of increasing our power of carrying it out, wiB be welcome to the termer. The Dairy.—Lucerne, mangolds, and green maize will be the main dependence of the dairyman at this season. Prairie gens is beeping up a tolerable show of growth; but it would be wise to keep stock upon green food, as Ineeme, &£., for the most part during the pment dry weather, and thus allow time Cor the grasses to recruit a little. Hough round stacks and homesteads as a precaution against bush-fires. Sow turnips, if the sofl is sufficiently moist. Hoe and weed carrots, chicory, parsnips, and sweet potatoes. The scarifying or ploughing of stubbles should have early attention. 