TESTIMIONIAL TO THE 1EV. FATHER ItO ALROY. ON TVoWednesday evening a mooeting was hold in the large room over Mir. lRogers's for the purpose of taking steps for getting up a testimonial to the Rev. Father bII Alroy. On the motion of Mr. Charles Gillespio the chair was talen by Mr. lIc Govern. The Chairman road the advcrtisement calling the meoeting. He then proceeded to say that some of our meetings in Goulburn wero noisy, but generally they weont on favourably. On the present occasion there could be no necessity for cautioning the people on this subject. Ho would therefore call on those who were to take part in the meeting to do so. He then called on Mlr. Philip Dignam to move the first resolution. r. Digunam, Mr.P., then moved That thin moetleg, In nlew of the greet progret male by the Catholic church in the Goulburn district during tihe eour ytnre that It hns been unrder Father Me Alrey's charrge, con gratulatet him upop the success thet hosr under Ood's bloss Ong, attended ids efforte. Ho had not come prepared with any sot speech, inasmuch as on a quIeCtion of this kiind any person who was a catholic could speak without preparation. He felt hound to call attention to fircts within his own knowledge relative to this district. When a young man hie had to come many miles to attllend to his duty, antd then had to kneel down in a small building opposite the Argyle Store. Withll tire blessing of God they had got over lthis. lThey had their churlch, their presbytery, and thecir regular minister. oBut theo benrefits derived from the labohurr of Father Mc Alroy were not confined to Goalburn. He had been the meanls of erectinrg buildings for tihe worship of God in many places in the brush. With all their feelings to their own church thley wero happy to kInow that other churches hald ministers who were striving to do tthat whicih lhey rhad rc ceeded in doing. It had been said that their people had no particularly good feeling towards other bodies of Christians; buit he believed that no other body were more anxious tiran theioy that all should Ihave the moans of worshipping their lIrker. It was arl avys their desiro to contribute towards thie support of their minister end to erect buildigsr in all parts of the district so tirat all people shcorrid have lire threCrens of approaching their SIaker properly. Let trhem look round the district, and contemplate the amount of energy that must rhave been brought to bear to erect so many places of worship. There had ahlays been the fatal mistake in their body thiat they were not sufficiently united except when called upon by the church; but whenever this was done he had never'found anyone refuse to give towards the erection of churches. Look at tire churches at the Brcadalbano and at Tarrlga. ie tioir thouht tit ce could challenge any other district to shoaw that so much had been done with such limited means during the lato bad seasons. MeIost of the membere of their church were men whoso means depended entirely on their own exertions. He could enlargo on the subject of Father Me Alroy's labours; but y was afrlid he might he trespassing on their time. i lIo was proud to take part in this meeting. Tlhey I had o n blessedleh with a clergmae es energetic is f any in Now South Wales; and he trlusted that thisi a mnooting would show that they respected energy and a talent and porseverance. And that, thev were fully aware of the blessicgs they had received through I the labolrs of their present pastor. Mr. John \Walsh, in seconding theo resolution, said that they ought to show their appreeiotion of the moen of talent and energy that were omong them. Fathor lc Alrov he beoliered had donoe more thtn any other clergyman in Now South Wales. It had been said that Father Mc Alroy needed no other testimonial than the convent of the sisters of morcy. But this brought no return to him: it remained only for the benefit of the people. Without the assistance of the poople no doubt Father Mc Alroy could do but little; but still not the less was it true that to his exertions was due all that had been done. It lhad been said that the present was not a fit time to present a tostimnonial to Father Ic Aloroy. It had bedn said that they should wait till he was going away, or till harvest was over. Now it wasn not known that Father Mo Alroy was going at all; so that if they waited they might have to wait for some years. And with respect to the harvest, he thought that that would be gathered in by the time they iwoer ready to present the testimbnial. Me begged leave to second the resolution. The resolution was then put and carried unoani motsly. MIr. Patrick Sheehy proposed: lIsh tidts meetino Is" sf 'orslen thlat tho:'exiraordtnary ] nerety snd seal dlsptnayed sby Fatther Ste Array In tsle erectons ot tloc convent snd ansoroum otaurohes thmrsoout the mission,, 00sneit ots in the exeise of ehis orietlty funsctioos, imperatively roil foe a substntlia rerosnition from thoss la wlooso hehslf he hbo so uuremustlntgtly ioutoe"d. Father Mc Alr'oys 'claims were so many that he should have to. confino himself to a few. "His labours in Ireland, and in Victoria, and at Yoss, highly appreciated as they had been, seemed only to have invigorated him for increased efforts in the Goulburn district. The variouis places in this dis trict whore he had erected churches prevented people from having to meet in public-housds. His piety and his 'holiness of lifo, is well as his energy, ren dered him worthy of ail that could he soid in ilis praise, while his charity towards the distressed and his mnniflcenco were lnown throughout the southern districts. M[r. Lynch seconded the resolution. He had long sines arrived at the conclusion that Father Ing Alroy wasnoordinary man. Severe and numerous as his labonrs had boon, so wetll had they been performed that his people reverenced him and looltked to him as their best friend. lio hlad always paid the highest respect to occlesiastical authority, and his good quali ties had gained for him the esteem of those of other religious persuasions. Whlen all presoent wore detad and gone the edifices he had roeared would remain as lasting memorials to his honour. The resolution was then put and carried unani mously. Mr. P. T. Riley moved the third resolution : Hot a soloterl ttot liet be nos oeneed andl tbnt tile felloolng gentotlenc, tlth poeer to cdd to tthrtr number, to appointedcoi a .lurnismttee, witt .5r. St]leeOty fs nocretroy anti Mrv. h. o. Dlgnem le treasurer to Csrry sot tiOe colJect nf the toreso rse.rol tlohns and to maent nragemonts for toe preulasntiol :--Messr.n. teiom os iyrc, to tLaret, t. t)lnam, trltonlo, tannon. Oisleioe. Ot.eomey, Lyorno, Lnester. esoron, ,M Oosern, O'Otttutll t)oelnell, P. SttRlry, iend Olory, of (iltoollrn Taoses M oabu e snd tntrieL Leo mord, MnmentO \- iratoses enod - o'rteete, iroadtlbsns; Michloel Ryan, oItynsatel.; Jmes Allen, hoveeal'ooy: 1. Ioetras and D. CGrnt, GOnnlus: 1). O'Brleoo, LaoSesos C. MuAllstor, tratto itrol; M[artiti 'lutty, O Usboa atotno; o . CutnstgolnsmTu ero. LIoe trusted that tie catholics of Gouhlburn would show their liberality in this instance cnd fill their treasurer's hasdo s with something worth while to present a ubstantial tes timonial to the rov. Father Meo Alroy. nr. Wn. E. Dignam, in sooonding the resolution, said that he weloood exphloin how this movement originated. Severol gototlemon had called on him end repreosented that something of the ind should theio done, bhit withoot tlnomsoles wishing to tanlte any prominent part in thie proceedings. lIe hod thore toro volunteered to call the meeting together. m o lad addressed notes, amongst others, to mir. O'Suloli van and hMr. DoLas rot, and both had roplodt ousrressing thleir cordial co-operauhion, and iyr. O'Sullivm u lod atutllorisnd him to put down his miame for ten goincaos. A good delt had boon said obut the oreetion of all these churcheso; and the could not but roemind them that ithe labours involved must leave their h anrs behind ; and theoulgh they iniglht not jost at present think so, it was plain to tlosu who romom her Fabolr IoAlroy whron he first camo among toem thLt io was nost not physically the same man as then. "Vherkvoe r Fc r Mc Airoy might nro-r after he oe twas soure thst this moetirg and the course they wore now taoling wovold o cilerisheod hy him. And though no heulptsred monument might hear testimony to his good deeds, the best monu ment would bhe iii tioe hearts of tltoao among whom te had lahourod, and in the buildings that bud oon raised through his exertions. The resolution was carried unanimously. On the motion of ter. Patric Ltewler, seconded by nrrn. Lynch, the choir was vacated by ht. iro Govern and taken by lIr. Dignom, MI., atod ua vote of thanms to the chairman was carried ounan mously. Mr. Dignam, i.P., then addiressed a fewt words to thle meeting expressing his osatisflction at the erec tion of the convent of the elsters of mercy, which prevented their having to senod their daughters to a distance to school. Inldependent of this, no building over erected in Goulhurn haod boon protnclive of more bonaeit to the town itstelf or enased more emoeov to circulate aiongsgt thom than tho'some iontitution. And to erect this Fotthoer Totc Alroy had ineurrel monetory liahilities which still loro upon him. Lot them remember thn t the mai they hood mot to honotr wos one who, if he received aoythilug with one oand, dispensed it liberally with the other. lie put none of it into his own poekot. oe shoulol hloso ploeosuro in giving ton pounods to Ott.; osti memonil; aud if necessary would give ten pounds Ai subscription list was then opened and about £80 were subsuribed in the room. The meoting thon dispersed. Beeves' REorsTnarTIo AeT.-Persons filling up fornms of Iepplication under the above act will please rnmeonbeor that they should not insert in form of application the parts of the beast on which the braod is to bhe placed, as this is not optional to them soloves, but is prescribed by the oct. Of former brands the applicant should iscort only that used by himseolf. Schedule K seoems frequently to be mis understood; as for instance it is stated that applicants send 5s. to pay the registration fee for twenty head of cattle and ten horses; whereas it should be os. for each. Applicants should be careful to stato dis tinctly the post-oefico as well as name of station or farm to which their letters are to be addressed. Atton tion to these directions will not only saveo the oflicials muclh trouble, but ensure correctness. Magistrates taking the declarations would render an important service by taking the trouble to set such declarations right in accordance with these instructions. THE ENseLost 3AItL.-Thle 1P. and O. Company's steamer will leave Sydney on TIhrsday next. Tlhe Panama stesmcer will leave on Wednesday wooeek, the 30th instant. PoMoE-oIrrCE OSTER.-Janutary 21t1, \r. KI. Itovell and W. E. Dignam, Esqs.; January 23rd, A. S. Chieshoh and FI. L. Rossi, Esqs.; January 235, I. liMarks and A. G. l1uthwaito, Eosqs. teour.enus ANNUAsL R?Ares.-A meeting was hold in Payten's Commercial IHotol on Wedncesday last, which was attended by several gentlemns from both tolwn and country. 'iThe object of fho meeting, which was called by advertisement, was to consider the best course to adopt for getting up thle Goulburn annueal races for 1867. After some little discussion, it was thought advisable to find out if thie Argyle Jockey Club intended to take any steps to hlave a race-meeting dering tIhe coming nutumn. Should this club not be dispocsed to takeo the matter in hcand, anothter publie meeting will Ie called to makle aIr rangemenuts for getting up races, collecting soubscrip tion, &e.; We acre glad thact there is somne prospect of oucr ccannual races being revived, and think it was wise postp~ecieg the matter to learn whether the Jockey Club is still in existence or not. It certaioly hlls been in abeyance for two or three years past. Whlen we look back esd thinkl of what the Goulburn races were some years ago, when Jorrocks, Plo'ver, Splortsman, MIuleyson, Samson, and other crackst, contested for our prizes, we cannot help wishing success to the present movement. A good race meeting always denotes prosperity, and would now be n sign that better times have set in. TiE' INSPEcTOtSceeIP or Scuoo es.--tlr. lUarris, inspector of schools for the socuthern district under the aInto Board of Eational EIducction, has been requested by the Council of Education temporarily to continue to act as inspector of public schools under thie new system. Ctoor ros IoRClr.?ArTISs.-The Itelbourno Argus reports that a remarkable cure of rhoumatism is re ported from Tarrengoweor. A reident, who for two years could scarcely move about, even with the aid of crutches, can now walk briskly with no better help thau ' walking-stick, the remldial agent being flour of' sulphur. The mode of applicatlion is very sinple, consisting merely in dredging the sotcks with s!ulphUr, so that the sales of the nlaked feet are in cntinuous contact with it. In ohoatthreo months this application had the desired effect in the case in qluestion. DNrLraviUIs CrncvUT CauNT was to commence its sittings on Monday last, before MIr. Justice IIar grave. Mr. Butler was to prosecute for the crown, is the absence of the attorney-general, who, it was expected, would inot be able to leave Melbourne in time to attend the criminal portion of the business. There were only nine prisoners for trial, and none of the offences of a grave character. For the civil sittings there are three cases of trespass, in one or more of which the attorney- general is concerned. There are also live other cases.-Yass Courier. Tsn WnTnlVss AT YASS still COntinses dry and hot, so unpleasantly so that no person who can avoid exposure to the sun's rays ventulres out of doors during the day. The streets, from ten or eloven o'clock in thie morning till six in the even ing, aire almost entirely deserted, which naturally has an injurious effect on trade. Saturday is said to Isavo been thIe hottest day yet experienced, but that would be difficult to determine. On that day the thermometer rose to 1410 degrees Farenhoit in the sun, and 105 degrees tsronheit in the shade. On Sunday afternoon there was an appearance of rain, but it passed away. Should there be no rain soon we may expect extensive bush- fires. As for potatoes and maize, there will be little or nono.-Yass Courier. CAseLESS USE OF FIRE PIt.ENTION Acr.--TWo men have been brought before the police court at Gundagai, charged with having through careless ness caused the destruction of five thousand acres of grass on the run of MIr. Windeyer, at VWantlabad gory.. The fire was not discovered sntil after the men had left the ground; but through the exertions of the police they were captured. They were sen tenced to fourteen days in the lock-up.-Yass Coulrier. lETIREEtNsT OF 'risE YASS C.IssK OF PrTTv-Srs srosos.-Mr. Stiles has received a telegram from the crowhs law ollicers' department, stating that stops were being taken for his resignation under the Civil Service Superannuation Act aud convoying the wish of the attorney-general that hIr. Stiles should con time to discharge the duties of his office until his successor is appointed.--Ysss Courier. M[Er.nosrsEs.-3onday, G p.m.-lessrs. Ilartin and Eagur were entortained at dinner at Scott's Hotel, on Saturday night, by the Rliverine gentle men. s lr. Gideon S. Longoccupicd the chair. Ier. Martin hinted that the result of the conference would not disappoint the hopes of Riverinh.-Signor Cutolo was buried to-day. There was a full choral service at St. Peter's.--Ir. Verdon is to be invited to a public dinner at St. George's Hall, on the 21st instant.-- 0n Saturday the thermomoter is the shade was 108, and in theb suon 130; the weathelr is still very hot.-Tuesday, -p.m.--Mr. Io Culloch entertained MIossrs. MIartin and Eagur at dinner last nighlt.-A mooting of members of Parliament, in itsour of payment of members, is to be hlud to morrow to briig some pressure to bear upon the government in this matter.--'Tho IHorous cloared with twelve hundred bales wool, for New Yorik, hbeing the first shlipment directed to that market. Telegram to S. I. Heoald. Asr.r.AaE.-M-ondauy, 6 p.m.-The weather is intensely hot; the thermometer is 113 in the shade, and on Siturday it reached 111; there have been several fitltal cases of sunstroke. To-day there are signs of a chaugo.--No decided arrangements have yet been made as to the Northern Territory Expe dition.-Tuesday, G p.m.-A great fire occurred at Iapunda to-doay, at MIessrs. lPearco, Wincey, and Co.'s timber-yard and saw-mills; tbhe mills being almost destroyed. Tho loss is estimated at between £2000 and £3000.--Tho weatheor changed last night, nnd rain foil. The atmosphere is now cool and pluassnt.-Tologram to S. M1. Herald. PUnILIC Scinoor ArT EseU CIsREKc.--W'VO learn with much pleasure that an application has been sent to the Council of Education in Sydney, to whom has been entrusted the initiation throughout the colony of the provisions of the Public Schools Act, intro duced in Parliament by the colonial secretary, and passed into law after an opposition, which for viru loncy, distortion of fisets, outbursts of ignorant bigotry, and general disregard of Christian feeling, has never been surpassed in this colony, whlich has been fismous for its veoxed quelstions. The schools established under thsi act will be found of incaleul able benefit in theb country districts, especially on the gold-flolds, the inlhabitants of which are strong advocates of sscalr educatlion, and will, we doubt not, fully appreciate the boon conferred on their elhilsren. Tllero are about two hundred children on this gold-field fit for school, inearly all of whomu are now growimg up in idlsenss and vice, iand ignorant of their duty to tlheir Czeutor aind society. W'o ernestly hope thait, whenu this school is established, parests will endeavour to sendl their children regu larly to it, and so fit them to fight their battle with the world on something like even terms. VWe do not know what ire the conditions required ere these schools are formed; but, as tihe council appears to have comnmenccd their duties in n "euarneost mannor, tile necessary regulations will shortly be issued, whlich we shall duly notice.--Emu Creek tMiner. STICKINGc-UP ONs TisE BUNGENDOa E RoOAD.-On Tuesday, ais MIr. A. M_'Clung, of Bungendoro, was proceeding towards town, snd when between the Felled Timber and the ?olonglo creasing, hie was Sstuck-up y two armeO d muen, ilio demasnded his money. ilo gave tIlem a churlio andi five shillings in silver, all lie had with him. The chequo thoy re h a r 0 e 1 so h d made o 8t ]1w m Sturned, but kept the sil"' nod made sl. Two men snnswering their descrilption, calledt afterwards at rRoeyl'· :m, nearer town, and after drinking nob miers, discharged their weapons, and left the place. Later in the day, Mr. WVilliaums, of Bungeadore, Spassed along, but he was not molested.-Qucauboyan Ago. ?,~Ans?A'Isa is prevalent at itolonglo. In some instances it has proved fatal. Two deaths occurred in one fismily.-Quonanboyan Ago. O oTrnAsAJIsA is raging to a great extent in Quoan boyan and noighbourhood. There is scarcely a house whore there are not svororlalb sufferorso, chioefly children.-Queonnboeyan Age. Gtlaroro.-tndy.londay.-Tomas Fisher's now store, Commerco IHouso, was burned down yesterday morning, the fire being first discovered at half-past three a.m. The main building is gutted, and ovary thing it contained has been totally destroyed. Tihe store was tceautifilly ftited np, at an outlay of £800. Tho stock and building are insured in the Sydney Fire Insurance Company for £4100. Had the wind boon from the north, Captaitn Wiseman's and other property of great valuo would also have been con sumed. The fire is strongly suspected to have been the act of an incendiary. Strange to say, not a singlo policeman has been seen on the spot up to eight o'clock. There was a small firo at oloven o'clock last night, and the police then were not to be soon. Public feeooling is strongly oexpressed in connection with the conduct of the polico.-Telo gram to S. MI. Herald. WAnusuni.ucosl.-W' hoeard on Monday of a party of men who have bottomed a hole between the Upper and Lower WaVrrambueca, after having been engaged in sinking it for three weetks, and whlo obtained a prospect of 9dwtls. to two tin-dilshes. We halve not been informed of tle depth of the hole. -Braidwood Dispatch. SUDDEN DEATH.—An old man, named Richard Nuttall, was found dead yesterday morning in his hut near St. Omer, where he has been engaged as a charcoal-burner. A magisterial inquiry was held upon the body yesterday afternoon, and a post- mortem examination by Dr. Pattison, when it was found that deceased, who was about sixty years of age, had died from organic disease of the liver and lungs.—Braidwood Dispatch. Ilvetalso or rlt. STE.x)imt BreCI weOIITIIr.-WeV regret to report that during Tuesday night last this fine steamer, which haIs been laid up for the season in tle police paddock slear lioamta, was discoverod to be on fire. At one o'clock on VVcdnesday morn ing t boat and ropes were procured, and the vessel towed into shallow water on the Victoriau sidlc, when she slowly burned down to the water's edge, nothing being saved except the mnachinery, whichl intcluded Rl air of engines of S-dhboeo power. Tie vessel, which was otto hundred etnd lire feet it length, was theo property of liessrs. Smith and tinkst, who are well ltnown throughout the livorine districts, and wtts launcheed in August, 1863. Of the cause of the catastropho nothinig appears to be known. She was in charge of a watclmont, who at first was supposed to aivo perished, but suteequently turned up. 1Io appearsl to have left the vessel before the accident oceurred.-Doniliquin Chronicle. lLovt r G i.\\.xT.-Tho present peo rice of flour at Gundegai is £15, and at that rate orders have beeon delivered free of carriage at Recedy Creek. The competition is exceeding ksen, owing to three mills being at work; nnd we loatn that it is not improb. able, owing to the low price of wheat in Tumut and the abundance of crop in the Gundaigai district, that the millers there will onter into competition with those at Tlss. We have therefore a prospect of a cheap loaf for the present year. When wheant has boeen low the public have never derived the filll ad vantage the price should afford, the millers having monopoliscd the greater part of it. It will be a novelty to see a Gundagani flour dcpit established in Yass.-Yass Conurier. CrtRno or RreP..--At thire Yass police court on Saturday last Joremiarh Mlinaghan, a settler on the Dlrrorwa River and a married man, was charged with committing a rape upon Ann Mc Laughlin, a roman seventy years of age who had been in his employ. Mr. Allman appeared for the prosecution and Mr. Wilkinson for the defence. An alibi was proved and MLr. Allnlman abandoned the case. It is said that proceedings for perjury will be taklen against the prosecutrix. TilE WooLoAnRLo IN'es.--Toe learn thatnthe au thorities of tihe mint, after having agreed to smelt a ton of ore from these mines if forwarded to them, refused to do so wheu it was delivered, thus causing considerable disappointment and loss to the pro prietors. Mr. \VWalter Ronny has seeoon [r. Islacs, tire member for Yass Plains, on the sulbject, who requestcd him to write a letter to him stating all the particeulars, which was accordingly done, but as yet no asower has been recoived.--Yass Couriaer. Busr-rrlars.-Th exotremo dryness of the grass and of thire stubble in thie cultivation paddocks ren ders it very necessary that every precantion should be trlen to prevent ignition which would in all like lihood lead to enormous bush-fires. On Saturday last a very extensive fire was very nearly occurring at Fairyholo Creek, Yass district, owing to PIr. Alt having commenced to burn off his stubble. Tirhe fire communicated with the grass outside thre pad dock, and had it not been for vigorous measures it woulrd be impossible to oay where the devalstation would have ended. Mr. Zouch has had a narrow escape from being a sufferer. His crop of wheat had been cut and'i tooked and was waiting to be drawn in, when some heedless juvenile sportsmen visited the paddock and commenced to discharge their fowl isg-pices amongst the stubble at the birds that were garnering. Instead of using wads they had resorted to thie less expcnsivo mratcrilal of paper, whlich of coarse ignited, and filling amongst the stubble it quiclly caught fire. LIad it not been for timely aid the whole of the wheat stooks would probably have been destroyed. Owing to some similar folly on the part of the lovers of the gun, Mr. Ledger, of the Little River, has had nearly the whole of his grass burnt. Surely thie most ardent sportsmen should have some consideration for the property of others, and more so when that which is imperilled wasm cul tivated for human food.-Yass Courier. To Sonscarntnns.-The Tumut Times has the following remarks, which are equally applicable to our own ease. WV need only add that those of our debtors who haysve already received nlawyer's lotters, or whoso papers lihave beeni discontinued, may rely on receiving summonses for the next district or small debts court in their neighborhoods:-Our accounts for the past rquairter are now rendered, and we desire to'draw the attention of subscribers to a maitter personal to ourselves. For a long time past large nrumbers of them have been dilatory in satisit'iog our demands, and owe regret to lind some of trree, foer, five, and ven esix years in arrears. Soeiurg tIhat tire times Ihad Ilren bad, we have not been hard upon dcfiurltcrs; but have waited patiently in the hope that they would at last pay up. It is not in our power to waiit any longer. The pro duction of this journal every wecli involves a hoeavy cash expcnditure, which must be met. When this goes on for three, six, nino, and twelve months, without any return, our readers will realise some of the dlifficulties of our position; but when con stituents presume upon our leniency, and neglect to pay for a period of five or six years, then it becomes time that we should take active steps to enforce payment. Although our need has at times boon grerat, we have sel dom attempted to cnfbreo payment by harsll means, in the hlope that by showing consideration to others, mwe shlould receive like treatment at their hands. But we have not. rWe must be just as well as generous. ,Vs now appeal to the good fiithl of defaulting subscribers to settle up without further delaiy. We should be sorry to be compelled to hiave recourse to what are generally termed harsh means; but in the case of accounts of long standing there seems to be no other alternative ; and we herewith give a fial notice, tbhat after the 31st instant, ill unpaid accounts of more than two years standing will be sued for in tire next district court. If dofirulting subscribers would onrly bear in mind that their filurilre to pay has been a great and seriours hin drance to us, they would not regard thire determina tiohn at which we hlave arrived as a harsh one. Wo respectfully solicit an immediate settlement of thlb accounts; rand we regret to say that, with reference to those of long stanrding, we must use legal pressure. In order that there maiy be no oxcuso we invite pay mont in any form that may be most con veenint, either in postage-stamps, bankl-notes, post- oelice orders, or any other way, but pay ment we must have made, and that within the prcescribed tiine. We are obliged to write thus plainly, because when we conch our application fior payment in mrilder terms we are not understood, at lanst it would soornm 8so from the non-compliance with .our oft-repeated requests. Defaulters who come within the pale of our remarks will, therefore, take rnotice that on the first of February next, should their accounts be thleon unpaid, they will be handed over to our solicitor for legal recovery, and this without fail. We have now another class of detralting subscribers to address, viz., those who do not pay small sums, and never intend to pay large amounts. We regret to find thait we have somen of this class in our books, alnd to such we inotify that urnlcss we are fivoured with a settlement of their small accounts before the end of this month, wo sharll discontinue supplying them with the news paper, and decline to furnish it unless payment be mardo quarterly in advance. We trust our sub scribers, to whom these compulsory remiarks apply, will take heed and avoid the unpleasantness of legal proceedings, as well as the additional expenses attending it. IrpoUsnuoD AT TusuT', on the 2nd January, from Tumut Plains, by G. WV. Shelly, Esq.; damages and driving, 6s. each:-Grey filly, blotched brand near shoulder, K near thigh, L air chlek ; black yearling colt, near hind foot white, star and snip on nose, bang tail, blotched brand near shoulder; black yearling colt, XL conjoined over KRL near shoaldur. If not released, will be sold according to the Impounding Act.-R. Wilson, poundlkeoper. IMrOIoUNDED AT l?unoWA, on the 8th January, from Beverley, by WV. D. Campbell, Esq.; damages, ls. oach:--Yellow bullocl, TS over S near rump, like 1W off rump, S offribs, white belly and back, frosty face; yellow bullock, likle By and writing capital W off ribs, heart on backl, 2 sideways near rump, off car marked. If not released, wvill be sold according to Impounding Act.-J. feck, pound keeoper. IsIPOUNDED AT IARENGOn, on the 7th Janunry, from eontick Morrell, by the superintendent; driving, as pdr Impounding Act :--Brown horse, 21 over HO near shoulder, G C or O near neck; chns not mare, BT off shoulder, star, shoted; grey pony, WV, near shoulder; brown mare, WVJ near sbloulder, star; bay filly, W near shoulder and thigh; brown mare, AKl over 2 near lshoulder; spotted bullock, Wi off ribs, cross over heart off rumsp, B off thigh; whlite heifer, TB off rmp, B3 off ribs; spotted cow, is WV off rump and ribs, i near neck; spotted cow, same brands; spotted poley cow, sname brands; whito poley cow, same brands; red cow, p 'V off rump and ribs, H near neck; spotted bull, Illegible brand off ribs, lilke II near neck; brindle steer, lilke BI over T off shoulder.- Also, on tbe 9th, from Douglass sheeoop-statlon, by order of J. C. Weslman, Esq.:-Chesnut horse, JW over JK near shoulder, blaze, near hind foot white; cleosnut horse, 1K with 1 in heart over OtI under near shoulder, strilpo down fce, collar marked; brown hlorse, D3I wvitth i over and RllR under near sletlOlr, 1R near thlighl, 2 off lshoulder, star, near hind foot white, blind near eye; bay mare, R30 with 5 over and 1IW under near shloulder, C near cbheek, JBI near ribs, 3 off ribs, near hind fbot whlito; dark bay or brown horse, 21C over TJ with illegiblo brand beltweoon near shloulder, e over JC near thligh, shlod; grey mare, IIG or C with LI or blotclh W over and PD under off shoulder, - with RO over and K under near shoulder, C near clheek und thigh. If not released, will be sold on January 3lst.-J. Dean, poundkeeper. 