items of mint*. The Proposed Railway. — More than one correspondent have written to us since the holding of the public meeting at the Victoria Hotel on tbe subject of Kail way Extension, their enquiries being principally as touching the steps winch the committee appointee! at that meeting inteud to adopt for the carrying on of the agitation. We publish only one of these letters, signed 'Nemo,' and we fully endorse tue spirit oi toe writer s communication. As yet we have not heard that the committee have taken any steps to carry out tbe intentions of the njeeting by which they were appointed, but this may, perhaps, be owing to the fact that uo secretary or other responsible person was appointed to look after the matter. In view of the efforts that are now being made in other parts of the colony to procure tfae boon of internal communication by rail, the com mittee have undertaken a responsibility of which it is necessary for them to acquit them selves. They can only do this by initiating a perfect organisation throughout the district, bo that the -wish and the will of the people may be authoritatively, explained to Parliament. We wait with expectancy some movement on the part of the.coinmittee. '....'. ? Laxds foe Selection. — A list of allot ments open for selection will be found on the fourth page. Pressure on our space compelled us to hold thie over from our laBt issue. The Late Me. Doig. — On Saturday, the coroner resumed the inquest on the body of James Doig, who, it will be remembered, was found dead in the bush a few days since. The only additional evidence taken was that of Alexander Doig, son of the deceased ; of Thomas' Nanier. who eaw the remains shortly after their discovery; aniltof Constable Kennedy,- These three witnesses folly identified the body as that of James Doig, and the son volunteered a state ment to the jury to the effect that his father had for some time past given way to habits of intemperance. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the body was that of James Doig ; that he was found dead in the bush, but that there was not sufficient evidence to show tbe cause of death. The corpse, which was in a dreadful state of decomposition, was given over to the deceased's son for burial, the coroner twltjig the requisite order. Mb. A. jjEABMONTH.TT-Iri our last, we mentioned that an accident had befallen the coroner (Mr. A. Learmonth), and Dr. Wyly, by being thrown from a buggy. We are Bony, to find that the injuries sustained by the former, gentleman are more severe than -wai first thought Two of his ribs were broken, and although he attended the adjonraed inquest on the body of James Doig, it was evident that he was Buffering considerable pain. . , _ -ja u tiok to r iiu iT-r»TK»i.in«. — w e nave : to congratulate the Police on having at length captured an orchard-robber, and are glad to see! that the Bench have sent the sneaking thief to gaol for a month with Lard labour. The name of the culprit is Francis M'Kenna— not a boy, but a man of wwards of 30 years of age. The garden from which the fellow was taking fruit was that of Mr-Uren, and, strange to say, the theft was committed in broad daylight. Making Light of it.— The Hamilton correspondent of the Western Times lias made an attempt to convert that dpcorous journal into a Charivari or satirist In bis latest letter he exclaims i— ' Abduction! yes, a case of this kind ahont the neighbourhood of Buckley's Swamp a few days since. The rather good looking daughter of » well-to-fiD-farmer was courted by a young and very respectebleetation manager close by. The fatherwouldnot,it would appear, consent to the marriage, lie was pre paring at the same time to emigrate to New Zealand with his family, tbe young folkB seeing no prospect of .a speedy union, re solved to throw 'blighted hopes ' to the poaevsnsl aud seek in flight that happiness which a ?flinty-hearted mre' . denied them. Although tinder age, yet she was one of the fair and free selectors at the grand ' Land Backet' of '65, where she tried for more latod for her father. Now the tables are tamed ? ht sets his face aeaiust her having * More-land ' and she has left his paternal roof to. obtain 'More-land' all to herself. She is concealed somewhere near the coast by her lover, who bas thereby brought himself within the stem ban of the law. The angry father obtained a warrant wider a charge of abduction against the imprudent wooer. Bather lie than ' Y. O.' ' Bosh Fiee. — The heat of the weather yesterday, which was considerable, was much increased by the burning of a large bush-fire in the direction of Dunkeld. Tfae conflagration appeared to be at no great distance from Hamil ton, aod, judging from the clouds of smoke, must have been extensive. We have not yet beard what is the amount of damage done, nor who aTe the sufferers. Grace Egebton.— This accomplished actress, who is better known to tbe Australian public as Mrs. Geo. Case, lias arranged to appear in Hamilton, at the National School Boom, tothteenights, commencing on the 18 th inst Her entertainment, which is ably «up plemeoted by Mr. Case, an accomplished musician, is one of the best that lias ever been put before an English public, and we anticipate that the school-room will be crowded' each night . ? Cricket.— A matc-h between the Branx hnlnic and Macarthur Clubs was played at B-ajucholme vn Saturday, the 9th inst.,' and terminated in a very easy victory for the BraiucUolice ttfuu in one innings. This result was chicfcV cm ing to the (act of the Macartbur Club t«ing but recently organised, tlie abseuce | oi thf'r test men. and the want oi good j bowlers. I'tder these .-Averse circumstances, the pluck of the Macartburites in challenging a j dub fetaiilisted for a considerable time, and which have been practising most of tbe season, is deserving o: all praise, and it is to be hoped that on tbe otcasion of the return match, which is to te played on their own gruuud, the in terest they evidently take in tbe manly game Trill be rewarded by a greater measure of suc cess than fell to their Ebare on Saturday last. Macartbnr having won the tots, elected to send their oppoucits to the wickets, who, before their last men cut his quietus, succeeded in scoring 1CS runs. In their first innings Macarthur male 24, in their second 33, thus leaving tte Branxholiue eleven winners in one innings, with 111 runs to spare. In the even ing dinner was provided by Mr. Gough, o£ the Branxholmc Hotel, and injustice to the worthy host and hostess it must be said that, for the varietv and racellence of tbe viands, and the admirable tart* displayed in the arrangements, the spread ouM hardly be surpassed. The following are the respective scores of the two elevens : — BRAKXHOLME. J. Premier.b Hirk ? 0 .4. Hom, jui-, b Uaniing, c Hick . - 1 W Gough. jtiL.b Taylor, c Irvine .. 32 J. Gongk, 1- Haiding ? 42 D. Cameron, b Hick ? « W. R«s=, me out ? 1 J. fmitii, h Taylor, «t tmae . . . . 26 Ate. IVss, b Hauling, c Hick . . . . 2 W. Oongi). seL, b Harding .. ..0 J. Bnmioa, nm out . . - . ? . ' E. Roll r, not out ? I IS' lira ? 10 No ball ? 1 Total ? 168 MACABTHfB. «BST 1XSIXGS. SEOOSD 1NN1.NG*. Taylor, b Smith . . . . 1 b Cameron . . . . 1 Urigrs, b Smith , , . . 2 b SmiUi . . . . 3 HarcUng, nui ont .. ..9 b Cameron.. .. II Irnne,bCamerOfl. cJL Rom 1 b Cameron.. .. 0 Hick, nm out . . . . « b Camerou . . . . 1J , Mu&t;, b Cameron . . . . 0 b Cameron, 1 b w . . 0 Xield, b Cameron . . . . 8 uot out . . . . 0 Lncaa,b Cameron, eW. Goujli 0 b Ciiuenm, c W. Googu,wn. .. 0 H'Eachern, bCameron .- 0 bCamenm,. .. 0 Batee, b Cameron . . . . 0 b Cameron . . . . 1 Silberberg, not oat . . . . 0 b Cameron . . . . u 16 S7 Bjm ? 7 ? S Wid» ? 1 ? 1 Total .. .-. .. 24 .. .-. .. 38 -21 67 A Wouumse Suicide. — Tie Police coort was occupied, yesterday, for Borne time, investigating a charge of attempted suicide, preferred againet Mr. Calon, professor of music. The drcumstances of the case, which will be found reported in another column, disclose the existence of a jealous disposition on the part of the would-be suicide; but we scarcely think that he deliberately contemplated the taking of his life. Mr. Inspector Kabat, who. appre hended Mr. Colon, mentioned that tbe prisoner had threatened to cut his throat in tbe event of being prevented using the poison with which he had provided himself, but hinted that he did not think there was any danger of such a catastrophe. The affair caused considerable excitement in the tuwu, and tbe court was crowded during the hearing of the case. Mr. Calon was eventually released on his own re cognisances. PAfiiiAMENTABY, — The proceedings in Parliament since the date of onr last issue have not been of special importance, The Elections and Qualifications Committee of the Legislative Council have met, and, amongst other things, decided that voters whose qualification was lost either by depreciation in the value of property, or by an act of insolvency, are not qualified to vote.— In the Legislative Assembly the only business transacted was that of passing the sew Lunacy Bill.— The conduct of the Government respecting the contract for cast-iron pipes— in reference to which, our readers will remember Messrs. Bright and Co. were the lowest tenderers — will be brought before the House on Ihurs-! day. The discussion is likely to cause some trouble for the Government. OYSTERS IN PORTLAND HARBOUR.—We are happy to be able to state that tie long- prevailing supposition tbit system existed In. the tajr bis at last been verified. - On Friday tut we were ahown a Dalr of fine rhclla from which a live oyster bad been taken early in tbe morning. We underatand the oyslorwu found on a rope battled up by the fishermen between tucend of the new jetty and the barque Nancy Brysnon. The specimen waa an extremely fine one, being nearly twice the site of the oysters trcncraUv seen.— Wattm Tana. -*?'--? ' * The Portland Peess on the peoposed EAitwAV (5cHEiiE.-Criaci.ing the addressee deli vered »t tbeUte Kallmy Extension meeting in Ham ilton, tlie Western Timc$ says.-— '.Of course many very good 'reasons fora railway from Hamilton to BaUmt were brought forward. But they one and all teli mtt more than «ouaV sogency In farour of a tramwiy from Portland to Hamilton. And inaimuoh as theaccbmpllsnmeutof thelutlspractlcable within ' as many months as that of the first ti in yeans their applicability to the last it increased ten crtaenty fold. Kven were both now existing, there cannot be : a doubt that the Portland line to the Wboard would be eo much cheaper that it would M a matter of course absorb nearly »\1 the goods, and much of the nasMsngcr traffic Af the rcMtattons as given In onr i last iMsue were unanimously carried «t Oiemeetlne. ' andMr. A. Lejrmonth, In moving the first of them, forcibly pom ted out the claims of die district unon the Gpverament-jlaim» which we alncerely wis|Ii»a . better chance than they have of present recueniaoiL'* JfOEILAJfD PlEfJDlT CODRT.— At-1lbUo meeting m hrid at the Lamb Inn on Tfiundav ' evening last, for the purpose of petitioning' Gorero nierrtnapectlDgtheUtercrjujTalVtocCircDitClottrt iromrortlaadtoJJelfut During ^aSbaiSn- n\ very strong arguments WeKrnrged agabut the course adopted by Goremment The most etrildnt : was, that l'ortlind »t present bat a gaol erected atim '. expc&seof; abnnttweiitT.tfaoiuaiiD|ioonds.Midcaiiablfi ! of noldtag safely fiuly 'lltt* irlioners s wnereuBel- ' last haa only ? common lock-op. Tortiand hu also a Court-house, Belfast baa bat the shadow of o&c; and hardly ttat. Theexpeqseof *onveytoKPrt»oner« ito Twr«et lmarcreatothan ititto barettlraionvVved flually toPoftlMd. These Ma other reuonlS adduced against the BimbTatoftti Sortto BcK A memorial fxpltinlng the matter jra« uaanimoiulT adopted. If reason, economy, «nd «,rmnan sense hare any ralae to the eyei orWern»en?we^5l s^a^tae^theiarcBtt C6ort*eW la EMlud. 