I ' THE CLARENCE AND lttOHMONR I (From the Clarence aud Richmond Examiner. Deo. a.» Thb Wkathbr akd tbb Chops.-For tbe last few day« the weather has boen extremely hot in this patt of tita world, and many of-our settlers are losing their let« maise orops, owing to tho continued drought. At tha present prices, there is very little to stimulate osar farmers in the cultivation of the maize orop. Boroo of our settlers, a few weeks book, chartered the olippsw sohooner Enterprise, > and sent her to Auokland, xVew Zealand, with a cargo of maise; a few daysbaok eira arrived from that port, but the returns were far fro« being remunerative-the price, I am informed, aftes paying freight, commûsion, and insurance, left only six- pence per bushel olear.-Richmond Correspondent. Accidents.-Last Saturday week, Mr. James O'iiooke^ engaged at the Australian Meat Company's worke, at lb* Urara, met with » severe gash jost over the eye, occa- sioned through a pieoe of wood being carelessly dropped on to the ciraular saw, whiob bounding off occasioned tha injury. Had it »traok. Mr. O'ltooke a little lower, he) would in all probability have lost hil sight.-On Sunday last, Mr. Barry, whilst oat riding was thrown with great viólenos, io Hoof-street, and such was the foroe oi th« oonoussion, that his tongue was nearly bitten throogife besides sustaining other seveie bruises. Both patient« are (under the oare of Dr. Smith) progressing, eatisfaft» torlly. - i Distruction of Sandy Cheek Bridge.-We leant from a reliable source that the pile bridge over Sandy Creek, on the Casino Road, about nine miles from Myrtle Creek, has been almost entirely destroyed by fire, with the exception of about one span. Upon it being ascer tained that the bridge was on fire, some persons, whose names we have not learnt, proceeded to the spot in the hope of saving it, but only succeeded, after considerable exertion, in saving the small portion that now remains standing. The fire is supposed to have been caused by bushfire igniting an accumulation of drift-wood, lying alongside the bridge. Our informant states that the greater part of the country between Grafton and Casino has been burnt, and that a small culvert between the Travellers' Rest and Myall Creek, has also been destroyed. The destruction of the Sandy Creek bridge will cause a considerable impediment to tbe passage of wheeled vehi- cles along the Casino Road, and as a mail coach is to commence running between Lawrence and Casino on the 1st Januaary next, it behoves the Government to take im- mediate steps for the replacement of this bridge. BUSH FIRES -Owing to the constant dry and ex- tremely hot weather, the grass, leaves, &c; have become so dry and withered that bush fires are very prevalent in this neighbourhood. On last Saturday, a cottage belonging to Mr. S. Campbell-occupied by Messrs. McConnell and Corcoran-miraculously escaped from being burnt to the ground. How the fire originated is a mystery ; and had it not been for the service of a number of persons who, were almost instantly on the spot, the result would likely have been disastrous. Part of a fence belonging to Mr. J. Phemister, only a few yards from Mr. Campbell's cottage, was destroyed by the fire. I was informed by good authority, that the bush between here and Yulgilbar, a distance of upwards of forty miles, pre- sents a very dismal appearance, and in passing, I may mention that the river up here has not been known to be so low for a number of years.- Correspondent at Cop- manhurst. Uluabba, Deobmdbb 2nd.-On Saturday, there waB stf change in the weather, we had a smart shower, that lasted far over halfen hour, and again early on Sunday another, that lasted for some time, but I am sorry to aay it has sinoe cleared up, and at present there is no bj»« pearanoe of anything but dry weather.- Correspondent. Flbobo-Pnbduonia -This destructive plague, which it was hoped had left the neighbourhood, is again making} its appearance. ' A few days ago Mr. Matheson lost m valuable cow, and I believe some more of his herd har* symptoms of being af&oted.-; Correspondent at Coy*, manhunt, ,, The Frenoh Government have just ordered atiO.OOU belts to be made, holding a small pharmacy, wherein ara contained the necessary requisites to the preliminary dressing of a wound, or the stopping , of. dysentery* These 800,000 belts aie to oost only £6O,O0p, about is« 5d.eaoh. 