THE VOCAL DRAMA. ELBOUBNE PUNCH, ESQ.—Sir—As H.R.H, will probably not have an opportunity during his visit of beholding a real native corrobboree, or, in fact, of forming an acquaintance with our interesting aboriginals at all {save through the medium of cricket), I propose that should the suggestion of opening the theatres free be acted upon, an aboriginal piece be performed on the occasion, for the purpose of enlightening his ducal mind in regard to the manners and customs of the original inhabitants of this soil. I herewith send a drama containing the necessary elements for ensuring its success, subject to your approval.—I am, Sir, yours drama- tically, Ano n - ALLA-WALLA, THE WALL-EYED, OR, WELCOME PRINCE ALFRED. CHARACTERS: WALLA-WALLA, the wall-eyed. DICK-A-DICK (his rival). AN AGED PATRIARCH. A TERRIFIED YOUTH. WAGGA-WAGGA (one of the South Sea Sisters). Aboriginals, native dogs, wallabys, &c.;, by an expensive host of auxiliaries (when paid). ACT I.—SCENE—A dell on the Dandenongs by moonlight—Victorian tobacco trees growing R.,whilebundles of colonial cigars are springing up in luxuriant confusion ready for the sickle on the L. Troops of native bears, wallabys, rabid M.P's, and other animals indigenous to the soil, are sporting in graceful contortions in the foreground, and a rushing torrent of Mizabethean guttet proportions is seen in the distance, spanned by a natural bridge formed of a highly picturesque, not to say a slippery, trunlc of blue gum. The tribe of Wulbwollogoolong discovered as curtain rises, dancing the graceful corroboree with happy faces and black tights. J Village bells heard in the distance. Enter Dick-a-Dick and hys faire young bride the agile Wagga- Wagga, who Hounds on stage with a smile and a pirouette. AN AGED PATRIARCH.—Perhaps upon this interesting occasion you will excuse my indulging in the somewhat novel, but at the same time strictly original, remark, "Bless you, my children." OMNES.—Hurray! (In aboriginal.) NATIVE DOG.—Bow-wow-wow ! (In dog.) DICK-A-DICK.—Friends, countrymen, and lovers—Allow me to observe this is the proudest moment of my life, and consequently all I have to do is to ask our kyind friends in front (Terrific noise outside ; shouts, yells, S(c. Enter terrified aboriginal youth, who, to judge from the down on his chin, could scarce have seen sixty sumtttGTSm J YOUTH.—All, all is lost now. Walla the Wall-eyed and his tribe, attracted doubtless by the scent of fresh meat, are upon us. Fly! DICK-A-DICK.—Never! bind up my wounds, &c.; Let none fly but those who can run well. (The tribe immediately do so, disdaining to have their speed called in question. WALLA enters, followed by as many supers as the exigencies of the wardrobe will permit of.) WALLA.—Yield! DICK-A-DICK.—I do, but a day will come. (Retires to bach and waits for it.) WALLA (to WAGGA- WAGGA).—Maiden, be mine. Choose 'twist wealth and poverty, love and riches. WAGGA-WAGGA (with a tender gush of feeling).—\ do—singular as my choice may appear to heartless worldlings. I am thine. DICK-A-DICK (dissolving into tears, but quickly congealing again).— Heavings! what a treasure I have lost 1 (Exit WALLA, carrying off WAGGA-WAGGA. DICK-A-DIOK is about to rush after them when he is stopped by a big mosquito.) DICK (in agony).—Ah! this indeed is retribution! (Curtain descends with a roll as baker comes on with bread.) ACT II.—Interior of WALLA-WALLA'S mia-mid. Handsome Brussels carpet on floor—cut glass chandelier suspended from centre pole— chairs, tables, ottomans, Jsc. The whale scene redolent of unsophisticated innocence and primitive bush simplicity. Walla discovered writing a leader for the "Age," and now and then referring to a slang dictionary and a Latin grammar. WALLA (writing).—"And but for the thick-headed obstinacy of our contemptible Collins-street contemporary, we might exclaim, 'pons asinorum—pro bono publico—vox populi!"' WAQGA-'WAGGA (enters).—"Walla, dear, what shall I order for to-morrow's dinner?" WALLA.-^TMS woman 'will be the death of me. Don't bother! WAGGA.—Alas! I fear we must have the remains of the cold leg of mutton. WAGGA (rising, his intellectual features overspread toifft righteous indigiiation).—Aha! this is the third time this week you have thrown that mutton in my teeth. Prepare to meet the just reward of thy crime! [Crushes her, and exclaims " Ha! foal JtaP % man Andersonian manner, as curtain comes down.'] ACT III.—SCENE—An uninhabited part of South Bourlcc. Enter WALLA dressed in a primitive garb composed of a thick waddy and a postage stamp. WALLA.—Aha! again aha!—and so on; but pshaw! likewise pish ! to say nothing of tut! 'Twas ever thus in childhood's hour; and if a body meet a body, need—I say need—a body cry ? Enter DICK, with a boomerang and a whoop. DICK.—Soho! Destroyer of several tribes and my happiness, we meet at length where none can interfere. Die ! (About to despatch boomerang.) WALLA (calmly and in that natural style of acting now so popular).— You observed "Die" Allow me to observe—Never! DICK(siracfe by the originality of WALLA'S expression).—Oh,indeed! You are a brave enemy, but,nevertheless, as I said before, "Die!" (Throws bootnerang, which strikes a platypus on the tail, who retires into his native obscurity howling in anguish.) Ah, sold again. WALLA (striking him).—And got the waddy. DICK (falling).—The chance was thine. If ever thou didst thy grandmother love (WALLA immediately becomes affected) Bead my treatise on the domestic habits of the native grub to Professor HALFORD ; remember me to BINDON, and enjoin him, for my sate, not to ruin his precious health by too much study, and—farewell, fare—(Dies comfortably). WALLA (in a tone of calm despair).—All now ended. How true are the poet's lines:—" The course of true love never made the pot boil." Bushfire, illuminations, and curtain comes down with one tJwusand pounds on WALLA'S second wedding day. 