TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1867. ' Referring again to tlie subject of those domestic discomforts which badly- con- trived, dwellings entail upon the opera- tives of this city, it can hardly fail to impress even casual observers of the instincts of that section of society, that the indifference with, which the question is seemingly treated, by those whom' it should chiefly interest, is curiously in- consistent with the eager determination that has characterised the demand for certain social rights, in no degree more important than that of habitable homes. For, considering how successful the Victorian operative has been in making good his claims to be recognised as something more than a mere machine, capable of satisfying the varying wants of the community, it is a little remark- able that he has not yet discovered how grievously he is oppressed by the dis- agreeables of his home. In his work- shop he enjoys tlie continual conscious- ness of having escarped from the domi- nation which old-world theories assume to constitute generally the relation between the employer aud employed. Indeed, he may congratulate- himself that, so far from being the slave of his Vaster, his master is under a certain sort of subor- dination to him. He has prescribed the hours during which he will labour, and the conditipns upon which he will consent to perform his duties. He is part of an organisation which has effected a wonderful revolution in his favour, and if the recollection of his advantages should sometimes prompt him to be overbearing and unnecessarily self-asserting, it is, perhaps, on the whole, a healthy indication, as showing that he is proud of the triumph he has achieved, and worthy to represent the manliness and dignity of labour. But if you Mow him from his work- shop to his home, you will find that he undergoes an almost magical transfor- mation. He suffers misery to which, if he did not voluntarily subject himself, would be regarded as of the most in- tolerable kind. He is thrust into a room in which'- he can scarcely stretch his limbs without upsetting some of the furniture, and he sleeps ' in an oven, where the marvel is that ho can pass one night without being found asphyxiated the next morning. Everything about him is in a state of hopeless confusion and chronic dirt ; his food is ill-cooked, because he has none but the rudest means to prepare it ; his furniture is always inconvenient, and generally broken ; his linen is never clean, because it is never thoroughly washed, and ho himself resembles his linen for a precisely similar reason. That this is an exaggerated picture of the average dwcllingplace of the Vic- torian working-man, no one at all familiar with the homes of our opera- tives, will venture to deny. Here and there, perhaps, may be found some exceptionally well-built cottage, with its pretty garden, and corre- spondingly cheerful inmates; but the nile is, with variations according to circumstances, as we have described it. It is, indeed, lamentable, at this season especially, when the temperature suggests so strongly the necessity of large and aiiy habitations, to pass through some of our more densely populated neigh- bourhoods of an evening, and see the suffocative misery presented by the interior of the kennels in which our workmen and their families are housed. The medical profession, who are necessarily in the. habit of seeing more of the inner life of the people than most other persons, witness every day scenes of distressing squalor in the houses of men who are regularly earning good wages, and whose domestic discomforts, therefore, do not arise" from poverty, but from the simple fact that the dwellings thoy inhabit are utterly unfitted for the tenancy of human beings. And the rent paid for these places is absolutely startling in its amount, when the limited convenience it purchases is considered. Ton, fifteen, and even eighteen shillings a week, are often paid for cottages which in the suburbs of Leeds or Manchester might be had for three or four shillings, and with far preferable appurtenances ; but these enormous rents are paid simply because there is no alternative to those from whom these sums arc exacted. Competition has not presented the option of accepting or declining them ; there is nothing better to be had for the money. It is quite true that, as regards the whole population of this colony, it is yet the exception to find people living in houses constructed with reference to chmatic indications. We have built our dwellings with that sort of obstinate adherence to English habits which characterises most of our social institutions. But the more marked exam- ples of this evil are to be found in the villanous boxes in which the thou- sands of our operatives are compelled to herd themselves ; and when we remember tho constant iteration of the necessity of sanitary recuiiroments which have now for years constituted a standing heading in the public journals, it would be in- credible, if it were not palpable, that so little attention has been paid to their necessity in this direction. As we have already remarked, the question includes considerations beyond those of a sanitary nature. A dirty, ill ventilated home, where a man can neither sit in comfort, nor move without coming into collision with something or somebody, necessarily has the effect of making him morose and dissatisfied. The mental improvement so much spoken of aa one of the objecta of the eight hours system, is simply an impossi- bility in a room where probably a faniily of eight or ten are sweltering and fretting every evening, and the do- mestic bickerings which arise ure, under the circumstances, inevitable. A common result is that the head of the family spends his evenings at the public house, the children are scampering Like savages .through the neighbourhood, and if th¿\wife should follow the example of her .husband by drinking at home while he is drinking elsewhere, there is little need ¿for wonder. Twelve years ago that foremost of sanitary reformera, Du. SOUTHWOOD SMITH, in speaking of the necessity for the moral improvement of working people, wrote :-" The first " step in this progress must be the re " moval of the degrading influence of the "present dwellings of the labouring " classes ; and they prove the prac- ticability, without loss to the "capitalist or additional rent to the "tenant, of the universal substitu " tion of houses for hovels. There must " bo.compulsory enforcement of certain " sanitary conditions wherever there are " human habitations. There must be " provision for the supply of better " ordered dwellings for the industrious " classes-dwellings accessible to air and " light," -and no longer producing that " malarious depression which resorts for " relief to the fatal stimulus of ardent " spirits-dwellings compatible with " cleanliness, comfort, and those decent " observances which are necessary to " self-respect, and which must become " habits before there can bo respect " for the happiness, property, or life " of others." These remarks are as applicable to Victoria as to England, and we believe that the remedy for this serious evil is in the power of the -working classes themselves. In England, where the consciousness of ill-remunerated ser- vitude insensibly acts . as a weight to deaden any movement of self melioration, this kind of material improvement is scarcely ever initiated by those whom it is to benefit. But in Victoria, where the working-man may be said to be a ruling power, it Ls quite within Ms reach, and if he possess the mental vigour for which, not without reason, he has had credit given him, he will hardly require a second hint to set about its accomplishment. Mr. QUILP, subdued and softened by adversity, bestowing penitent caresses upon his amiable and long-suffering helpmate, would scarcely offer a more remarkable phenomenon than Austria relaxing the rigour of its policy towards Hungary. Large concessions, it is au- thoritatively announced, are to be made to the cause of nationality, and to test the sincerity of this promise, as well as to demonstrate what is the popular sentiment on this subject, an influential party in the Hungarian Diet has moved an address to the EMPEROR, as King of Hungary, praying that the laws of 1848 may be re-established. Should this boon be accorded, the principles of the revolution will have triumphed, and Hungary will be as completely self governed as ourselves. Its represen- tative institutions will be founded on a broad basis, the freedom of the press will be guaranteed, the professors of every form of the Christian faith will be placed on a footing of perfect equality, trial by jury will be secured, the main- tenance of« order and the defences of public liberty will be entrusted to the national guard, and Hungary will be governed by an independent Parliament, and an Administration appointed by that body. By the electoral law adopted by the Diet of Presbourg in 18-18, the franchise for the Lower House was conferred upon religious believers of all denominations, the Jews alone cxccptcd, but subject to these limitations :-The voter must be twenty-one years of ago, and he must possess real property of the value of thirty pounds, or au annual income of ten pounds ; while the heads of business establishments, and artisans employing an assistant, -were also eligible to exercise the suffrage. Some of the ultra radicals were in favour of uni- versal suffrage, but they were overruled by their moderate colleagues. As it was, the electoral roll for the Lower House numbered about 1,250,000 voters, who elected 377 representatives, or one member for every 31,000 souls, the popu- lation being at that time 14,000,000 souls. . The Upper House, com- posed of the " magnates" of the country, retained its ancient constitution, that is to say, it included all the ennobled classes, spiritual and temporal, together with certain functionaries corresponding to the lords-lieutenant of English counties. It could not initiate, but it could amend, accept, or reject the bills submitted to it ; while, in the event of differences of opinion arising between the two Houses, a deadlock was averted by their holding what were called " mixed sittings" in the same chamber, when, according to a recent Hungarian author, business was rapidly despatched. To this constitution, and to the nu- merous measures of reform which were passed at the same time by the Diet of Presbourg, the Emperor of AUSTRIA gave an unhesitating assent in April, 1848 ; and when, upon the tenth of that month -the day of the memorable Chartist demonstration in London-he made his public entry into that border city, he was received with a burst of acclamation by the loyal Mag- yare, Next day, accompanied only by Louis BATTHYAKY, President of the Council of Ministers, the EMPEROR repaired to the Diet, and there formally and solemnly reiterated his sanction of the one-and-thirty laws which had been passed by the Legislature, and made the following speech in the Magyar lan- guage :-" From the bottom of my heart I " I desire that my noble Hungarian " nation may be happy, for in its hap " piness I find my own. That which " it has asked of me for that purpose I " have not only accomplished, but I " again place in your hands, confirmed " by my Royal uord-in yours, my " cousin, on behalf of that nation, in " whose fidelity my heart experiences its " greatest consolation and ita greatest " wealth." Seated in the gallery of the building, a spectator and auditor of all that passed was the present Emperor of AUSTRIA. All the world knowi how his uncle forfeited his " Iloyal word," retracted Ids concessions, recalled the liberty he had granted, and, with the niilitary power of Russia to sustain lum, succeeded in reducing Hungary to the condition of a conquered province, We have recalled these events to the recollection of our readers, because it U necessary to qualify with distrust the satisfaction inspired by the latest news from Hungary, At the same time, the altered circumstances of Aus- tria justify the anticipation that sît»_ -will find it more prudent to adopt wi" A policy of conciliation and liberaliti'tof than one of duplicity and fraud. Slie"^ has sustained a crushing and humiliatin» defeat at the hands of Prussia ; she hu, found it expedient to relinquish her possessions in Italy ; she has been estranged from Russia by the " splendid " ingratitude " of which she was guilty dilling the Crimean war ; her exchequer is bankrupt ; her people are disaffected and depressed ; mid she cannot afford, in any sense, to risk a civil war which might be followed by the dismember- ment of the empire. Her interests, therefore, counsel her to win back by kindness the alienated affections of her subject provinces. There are so many points of resem- blance between the national character and the political institutions of Hun- gary and those of Great Britain, that Englishmen naturally watch with at lively interest the efforts which the Hungarians are making for the recovery of their liberties. In both countries there exists a feeling of ardent loyalty to the Crown, combined with a jealous love of freedom. The monarchical, aristocratic, and democratic elements are blended in the Government and social organization of both. The municipal or communal system of Hungary, with its courts and countries, is analogous to that of England ; while the lite- rature of the Magyars, conveyed in a sweet and sonorous language, has the same robustness of character and inde- pendence of tone as our own. In point of education, Hungary is not very far behind Great Britain. It reckons one school to every 1,011 Magyar inhabi- tants ; and about sixty-five per cent, of its infant population between the ages of six and twelve auc receiving daily instruction ; and this per-centage, it is believed, would be much greater were it not that the bulk of the people are en gagedin rural pursuits, and are, therefore, scattered over a large area remote from towns and villages. A vexatious and op- pressive system of taxation, established for the protection of the manufacturara and agriculturists of Austria proper, has hitheito repressed the industry of Hun- gary and impoverished its population ; but the attainment of political, will lie followed by that of commercial, freedom ; and the magnificent resources of the kingdom will then receive an adequate development, and it will enter upon a new ero of prosperity. It is qualified to become one of the chief granaries, as well as one of the choicest vineyards, of Europe ; but wanting good government, good laws, and good roads, its soil i-t imperfectly cultivated, its mines aro but partially worked, its manufacturing in- . du&try; is only in the rudimentary stage of its growth, it possesses but little capital, and this is owned and employed by the alien race whom it ha» placed under the ban of political and religious disabilities, and its economic condition is unsatisfactory in the extreme. Should the Emperor of AUSTM A. be sincero in his> liberal professions towards Hungary, he will discover that a policy winch is politically just, wise, and expedient, is also one which may enable him to extri- cate the empire from the financial slough of despond in which it has been siukiug deeper and deeper ever since 1818. Wv understand that a meeting of mem- bers of the Assembly favourable to the adop- tion of tlie piinciple of " payment to mem- bers " is to be held in the old library room of the Legislative Assembly, on "Wednesday next, at two o'clock. Some of tlie principal movers in this matter are desirous of bringing such a pressure to bear upon the Govern- ment as shall ¡11111100* them to place a sum upon the Estimates for the required purpose. The Government, however, are not likely to follow that course. Payment of membeis can only be piovided for by a bill, and it is impiobablethattho Government will consent even to inhoduce such a measure. Tlie initiative w ill have to be taken by a pri- vate member of the House. The Chief Secretary entertained the mem- bers of the conference, at dinner yesterday. Amongst the guests vveie several of his col- leagues and the mayor of Melbourne. Yesterday, a meeting was held at the Criterion Hotel, to consider what steps should be taken to give the lion. G. Verdon, .C.B., a public welcome on his return to the colony. About thhty gentlemen were pre- sent, anti the lion. C. J. Jenner was called to the chair. After some conversation, Mr. Rolfe, M.L.C., seconded by Mr. M'Caw, moved that Mr. Verdon should be entertained at a public banquet, in acknowledgement of his valuable services during his late visit to Europe. The motion was agreed to unani- mously. It was fuither resolved that the banquet should take place at St. George's hall on Monday evening, the 21st inst., at half-past seven o'clock. A numerous com- mittee was appointed, to make the necessary anangements for the celebration. Mr. Ver- don has since accepted the invitation. The Deep Sea Fishing Company's schooner Redcliffe has returned again from Jhc Strait», but tho trip this time has apparently not ten marked by a large' amount of success, only some twenty dozen of crayfish hav ing bem brought to market. On her last trip two of the hands were left behind on the Hum- mocks, to prosecute operations during the absence of the schooner, but before the return of the Redcliffe they fell short of provisions. The men then put off in the dingy, with tho intention of making CLtcular Head, but ia *t consequence of a strong gale from the E.N.E., they were unable to .effect a landing. They then bore up for Hunter's Island, and beached the boat, but on the wad shifting into tho south- east, they went back again'to the Hummocks, where the Rcdcliffear rived on the foUowing day with stores. A great number of crayfish were caught by the men while the schooner was away, but they were all dead before she returned. Several baskets of butterfish, and other kinds of fish, were taken, but these also died horn some cause or other, and were not brought on. The band of the 14th Regiment will pi»}' «> the Botanic-gardens, from four till six o'clock p.m. this afternoon. The following is the pro- J gramme :-Overture, "Norma," BcUini .miarlrille, "Cologne," Coote; selection, "Bohemian Girl," Balfe; vahe," " Hilda," ' D. iGodfrcy ; duetto, " Elisir d'Amore," Donizetti ; galop, " Der Sturmvogel," Faust. The usual monthly mooting of the Emerald hill, Sandridge, and St. KildalBuilding and In-" vestment Society, was held last evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald-hill ; Mr. A. Lyell in the chair. The receipts for the month amounted to £l',o00, and thirteen shares woro sold, at a premium averaging £10 5s. per share. Theders, it appears, arc about to meet with s > opposition, through which the price o^üifonr-pound loaf may be reduced. ThcMefc? 'f'no Co-operative Grocery and Pro- vision (lmtjpany have given their attention to thisl*ticulav subject, and arc about lo add the hi end trade to their other business. * The Exhibition was attended yesterday by 2,338 visitors, of whom only 051 were season ticket holdere. Amongst the visitors were not fewer than 1,241 child) en. The meetings of jutorsarranged for to-day aie the follow- ing :-Sect. ICa. Photographs, 9.30 a.m. ; Sec. 22a. Carriages, 11 a.m. ; Sec. 0. Wines, 2 p.m. ; Sec. 10. Sculpture, ¡3.30 p.m. ; Sec. 2. .Chemicals mid metallurgical product«, 5.30 p.m. ; Sec. 9c and 10. Alkalies and essential oils, 6 p.m.; Sec. 19. Printing anti book- binding, 11 a.m. Wo regret to observe that the Melbourne and llobson's Day Company have felt-it ne- cessary to announce the discontinuance, on and after the 1st proximo, of workmen's tickets on their line. The issue of those tickets ivas commenced not long ago as a sei vice to the working classes, but the ex- periment does not seem to have succeeded. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday on the body of Alexander Pattison, who cut his throat, at Fitzroy, on the 12th inst. A car proprietor, named Thomas Power, stated that he was in his car near deceased's house, on Saturday, when -he saw the deceased's son run out of the house, calling out for some one to como and help his father. On going into the house, witness found the father. lying on the lied nilli his face downwards, and a great gash across his throat. Ile had, ao -cording to Dr. Hadden's evidence, lost much blood, The jury returned a verdict, "That the deceased cut his throat with a razor, at Fitzroy, on the 12th inst." Mr. Candler held an inquest at Richmond yesterday, on the body of a little girl, nine years old, named Margaret Matthews. Mr. Ii, Dalton said that about a quarter past four o'clock on Saturday afternoon, he was in a boat between the Railway and Hawthorn bridges, when he heard a splash in the water, and on turning round he saw some one had fallen in on the Richmond side of the river. .On seeing the child rise, witness pulled off his clothes as quickly as possible, and jumped in after her. He, however, did not succeed in getting her out. Senior-constable Mooney stated that on the case being reported to him, he proceeded to drag the river, and found the body, which was in about fourteen feet of water. The jury returned a verdict of "acci- dentally drowned," adding that they were of opinion that drags should bo kept at the Hawthorn bridge toll-gate. On Saturday afternoon, the Pen tridge Volun- teer Mile Association held their usual quar- terly meeting at the local butts. The intense heat of the day, together with the fitful gusts, of wind blowing across the range, caused the scoring to be wretchedly poor. There weie ten prizes, which fell to the lot of Messrs. Dobbyn, Busteed, Staley, Phelan, Latchford, Coffey, Scott, O'Leary, Hampton, and Pair, in the order named. A numeiously-attentled meeting of the ratepayers of Brunswick, convened hy the mayor, was held last night at the Cornish Amis, to consider the advisability of increas- ing the rate this year 'to Is. 3d. in the pound, A lengthy discussion took place, and it was re holved that it was impolitic to increase the taxation for the ensuing year. This evening will witness the last of Hitchen's billiaid-matches in Melbourne, un- less at some future period he should be in- duced to return. Yesterday evening, he gave nu interesting exhibition of his splendid skill. His opponent was Mr. Bennett, to whom he gave 150 out of 500 points. Ilis play was magnificent. After some slight scoring, he made a bleak of 99 points, not by spot strokes, but genuine play all round the table, as the phrase goes. He caught his opponent at 180 all, and after breaks of 08 and 70 points each, and other feats of consecutive scoring of nearly equal brilliancy, he won bj 180 points. Tlie game was played in the mar vcllously short space of lh. 5min. Ile subse fluently played Bennett at a "cannon," game, giving .seven out of thirty-one points, ead cannon scoring one. Ile lost by about ter points. At a mbber of pyramid games h< won the last two out of three, giving ont ball in each game. It is Hitchen's intentior in futuio to so regulate his selection of op ponente as to lie at no time oppressed by tin necessity of winning the game, but, on tin contrary, to be able to take such advantage a¡ shall leave lum to show off and exhibit ran and difficult strokes at his case. To-nigh Ids pei formance at the Albion billiard-roomi is for the benefit of P. Bergin. Many will bo pleased to hear that Mr Farquhaison, our favourite basso, has a half formed intention-at least his letters to Vic iona express so much-of revisiting us. Hi states that his English life has had a radica effect for good upon his health. Mr. Georg Fawcett, who has re-ossumed his rightfu name of Howe, is now stage'manager of tb New Prince of Wales Theatre at Liverpool. We leam by telegram that the New Soutl Wales Government has offered a reward o £3,000 for the discovery and conviction o the bushrangers who were guilty of the niui der of Carroll and his party of detectives. It appears to be certain tliat the illnes under which William Thompson, the well known New Zealand chief, has so Ion laboured, has terminated fatally. He die on the 28th December, while being convcyc across the Maungakawa Ranges. The Geelong market is well supplied wit district-grown fruit. On Saturday apricol weie to bo had at three and four pounds fe a shilling, sears the same, plums two an three pounds, apples four and five pounds mulberries at a shilling a pound. On Saturday, nine male and four fcmal prisoners wore transferred from the Ballan to the Geelong Gaol, the former being ove: crowded. There were two mining accidents at Balli íat on Saturday. Robert Hay was at wor underneath fcn] ^poppet-heads of the Inke mann anár¡ef¡\ s¿tip Company, when he n wivcd Cj T°n2t?w from the head of hammer, r*}£oi u off the handle wini being usej niu-hiiiother workman abot twenty feet above. Somo ugly wounds < the scalp are the result. The other misht occurred to a man named Isaac Brabin, i the Lady Don Company's mine. Down m of tho incline drives a truck rushed boa long, and struck the man full on the breas and knocked him against a prop. He wi very much bruised about the breast ar shoulders. On Sunday evening, both patten were progressing favourably in the Ballar Hospital. At Ballarat, on Sunday morning, Ma Jones, a young girl of seventeen or cightee was preparing tea for breakfast, and was ve lightly and thiidy elad, without a criuoliu when the fire seized her clothes, and she was j in-a moment enveloped in flame. Her father rushed to her assistance, and with some difficulty managed to put out the fire, but not be-fore the girl was most dreadfully burned, and the father himself had his hands and chin much injured. The girl was taken to the hospital. At Bendigo, on Saturday afternoon, a little boy named MTnlny was drowned in a dam, while bathing. At Sandhurst, on Saturday, the thermo- meter stood as high as 108deg. in the shade, and on Sunday 112deg.' A hot wind^blew from the north and north-west. It is feared that if the hot weather lasts, the inhabitants will have to send to the Murray for,water, as they did last summer. The supply in the Big Hill reservoir is lessening rapidly, and' the Waterworks Company have found it necessary to issue a notice, stating that water will be supplied lo the town only between certain hours. The town has been divided into three divisions, and to each division the water will be allowed to inn only two boura out of the twenty-four. A Castlemaine paper states that a boy, four years of age, the sou of Mr. Holloway, school teacher, New-stead, was left in a spring-cart, in front of a house. .Scarcely had the driver left his place when the horso attached to the cart took fright, and bolted. The boy was thrown, violently out of the vehicle, and fell on his head, which was literally smashed by the concussion. Death was almost instan- taneous. A resident of Long Gully, near Castlemaine, has two dry stalks of beans, which he has kept for seed, and on which arc 3% beans, of the Windsor long-pod variety. Some days since a constablo stationed at Yandoit, received into his house a young girl of eighteen, who was friendless and homeless. In return, she absconded after a few days, carrying off the constable's month's pay, £11 12s. Gd. She has since been arrested. Daylesford has had its share of scorching winds. The Mercury mentions that on Sun- day "the country round was in a blaze with bush-fires. One very large fire on thetdi viding range, nearly due south, in particular attracted notice. There was another large one in the direction of Glenlyon. The heat, up to about five o'clock in the afternoon, was almost intolerable." A miner in Haddon, having occasion to go into the company's tool house, a few days since, on coming out again felt some en- tanglement about one of his legs, and on look- ing down he-saw the tail of a snake hanging from the bottom of his trousers. He imme- diately shook his leg, in order to get himself free, and a snake about three feet long fell to the ground. " Wc hear on all hands," says the Crisis Land Times, " from our sporting friends, that wild fowl are more scarce this year than they were ever before known to be in Gipps Land, and the ducks are" hardly so numerous now as they were at the commencement of the close season. This is accounted for by the October floods, during which numbers ol young Jjroods were seen carried down the water, anti no doubt hundreds of eggs wert destroyed in the same way. Snipe have beci: tolerably abundant, and wo have heard oi some excellent bugs being made. Quail an also more abundant this year than they havt been for the last ten years ; but they are alsc unusually late in breeding. Several.enthusi astic sportsmen have! announced their intcn tion of shooting no more for another month as, even now, nests are daily found b: the harvest men with from eight to fourtecr eggs." The Presbytery of Gipps Land met for tin first time on Tuesday last at Sale. " Wc (.<-lroca Mail) wore on Tuesday shovvt the remanís of a huge iguana or tree lizard killed on the Bet-Bet Creek on the day pre vious, near Mr. Scrase's brewery. The reptil« measured in length five feet six inches, am in girth, two "feet. For some days thclargi fowl-house attached to the brewery had beet regularly robbed of the eggs it contained and on the Sunday morning a turkey hen sitting on twelve, was unr.eremoninnnb bundled off her nest, and robbed of he charge. The thief turned out to bo tin lizard, for when caught it was in the act o robbing tho nest of a peahen in a simila manner. Respecting the Bundure and Spring Plain stations, on the Billabong, the Paslorol Time remarks :-" These stations having been put chased by an English company, as well a "Tlie American Yards,' Mr. R. Blackwood Mr. Robert Landale, M.P., and Mr. Quartei man, have been valuing them this weeli The company are about to work the station (so it is said) on an improved plan. There i a wide field in Riverina for investing Englisl capital profitably. We have now about fiv millions of sheep on these plains, from th Murray to the boundary Une between Ne' South Wales and Queensland, and it : said by competent judges that, by the aid c ample supplies of water and by artificit grasses, and other improvements of this kint the vast district, containing ono hundred an ten millions of acres, could provide for or hundred millions of sheep, or seventy- fiv millions of sheep and a million and a half < homed cattle. It must be evident that thei is not floating capital enough in the colonii to meet the outlay that would be required I develop« this vast country. The stock alon without the outlay for improvements, woul cost more money than wc have in the Au tralias. The natural resources of Riverir arc comparatively unknown, and its futu: is matter for conjecture, but that they a enormous and that they are latent cann admit of a doubt." A movement is on foot in Riverina to raise a fund in recognition of the bravery of Mr. Commissioner Grenfell, lately shot by bush- rangers, while he was defending the mails. Good progress is being made. The Riverine Herald reports:--"In a ca determined at the Echuca Police Court, < Friday, the defendant was adjudged to p the amount-in default of distress, o: month's imprisonment. It would seem th the recovery of rates is one of the items i which imprisonment for non-payment c¡ he enforced." At the request of the Insurance Compani agenta, the coroner will hold his inquiry ir the cause of the burning of the stean Beechworth, at Echuca, instead of at Moan in order to get over the difficulty about co pelling the attendance of Victorian witnesj on the other side of the river. Several c cumstances havo recently happened, in whi inconvenience has arisen from thojurisd tion of the Murray being in New Soi Wales. If only about one-tenth part of the minc discoveries which from time to time : reported as having taken place in Quce land prove of anything like the valuo rop sentcd, then the youngest will certainly the richest of the Australian colonies. T is how the Port Denison Times announ the latest news of the above description " It is an old saying, and it seems a true o that ' good luck never comes alone." this occasion Bowen was not recove: from the excitement caused by 3 Bouerle's gold meeting, before attention t called to some splendid miueralogi specimens brought in by ono Macpl son-tho hero, by the way, of the g meeting held at Bourner's in Deceml 18C3. Macpherson brings specimens of copper, silver ore, and coal. The copper seems to be very rich, and there are pieces of native copper .scattered' through the quartz, which Macpherson assures us has been found no- where but at the Burra Burra in South Aus- tralia and Lake Superior hi North America. The silver ore is very rich, as rich at the sur- face as similar ore in Derbyshire, Eng- land, which it pays to work at a depth of 150 feet, and probably richer below the surface than on the top. The coal is of ex- cellent quality, and bums without leaving uny clinker. The copper lode and coal seams run north and south at about 500 yards apart, and at the distance of three- quarters of a mile from them is the silver lode, running at right angles to the others, and all within an easy day's ride of Bowen, with good roads. If Bouerle's and Macpherson^ schemes, or either of them, turn out as we at present bejieve there is every prospect of their doing, we think Bowen will agree with us that she has received two very handsome New-year's gifts." New South Wales is following afar off the example set her by Victoria in the matter of providing an adequate water supply for her colonists. She, however, docs not intend appropriating any portion of the public re- venue to the purpose, but simply to protect private enterprise. The following circular has been addressed to seyeral gentlemen in- terested in squatting pursuits:-"Crown Lands Office, Sydney,-Sir,-I have the honour to inform you that it is the inten- tion of the Government shortly to submit to Parliament a measure for legalising the erection of dams, and generally for the preservation and distribution of surplus water in certain districts. It is thought desirable that advantage should be taken of the information which gentlemen may be willing to afford who have had theil attention practically directed to such opera tions, and may be willing to give the results of their experience and reflection for tin public benefit ; and I am instructed to statt that any suggestions which you may desire te offer bearing upon the question in any of its various aspects will receive the careful consi deration of the Government.-I have ti« honour to be, sir, your obedient servant, A 0\. Moriarty." A telegram, dated Braidwood, tho Uti inst., which appears in the Sydney Mornini Herald, of the 12th, gives the following fur thor information relative to the brutal murde: of the four constables by the bushrangers : "The four special constables-M 'Carroll Macdonald, Fagan, and Kennagh-sent t< capture Clarke's gang, "were on a visit to ¡ station at Jinden, when they heard tha Clarke would be at a place two miles distan from there. The constables went on foot witl the intention of endeavouring to capture him and, it is presumed, were met by a lawles mob and shot dead. It is said that M 'Carroll' legs had been broken, and his feet turned t his head. The mournful news reach» Braidwood last night, and caused universo indignation, and cast a gloom over die entir population. Mr. Griffin and Superintenden Orridge are now holding an inquiry." The performance at the Theatre Royal thi evening is to be for the benefit of Mr. W. J) Akhurst, who as theauthorof the pantomim opening of " Gulliver," has strengthened hi claim upon the support of the amusemcnl loving portion of the public. The entertaii mont will consist of the " Mysterious Strar ger," and the pantomime. Mr. Akhurst, w may remark, is the author of eleven paute mimes. There was a'good house at the naymnrkc Theatre last evening on the occasion of th repetition of " ïhe Woman in Red." Th dress circle was half filled, and the otho parts of the house were crowded. Madam Celeste's impersonation secured for her a enthusiastic call at the end of each act. 1 is due to the manager and scenic artists t state that every pcare has been bestowed upo the pictorial and other accessaries of th piece. There was a numerous attendance at th ?Prrneooc'c Thooti-o loof «..«"¡"ir «.*?- «, entertainments were attended by His Exce lency the Governor. The programme ii eluded " The Spitfire" and the pantomime. The ? com'mittecc of the Melbourne noir report as follows for the month ending 31¡ December :-Registrations-Governesses, 1 servants, 55. Engagements- Governesses 5 servants, 70. Inmates-Governesses, 4 needlewomen, 4 ; servants, 17 ; stuff:*. Nun ber in the home, December 31st (staff ii elusive), li). The number of visitors to the Nation Museum of natural history, geology, and cc nomic geology, applied to mining, agricultur and the arts, for the week ending 12th Jai uary was 1,410. The museums are open I the public daily (Sundays exceptetl) from te a.m. till 5 p.m. in the north side of the Uu versity, and in the unfinished portion of ti national museum building at the back of ti University._ 