THE OPEN COLUMN. [No letter attended to unleBS verified by the name ;and address of the writer. No manuscripts returned. Correspondents must be prepared in all cases to take the legal consequences (if any) resulting from the publication of their letters, j. THE .GREAT MATCH QUESTION. ' " J; . , TO THE KDITOR. • Sir—Having read with'interest your remarks on the subject of, the .Bush Fires Act, now under discussion in the House of Assembly, .1 feel alarmed at the stringent clause against the use of all matches but those known.as safety matches, and would remind your readers that over-legislation and ill- considered laws are the curses of new countries and of free constitu tions. . ' My own experience of the use of safety matches (to which I might add that of my wife) enables me to testify to- their inconvenience, and seeing that all the danger apprehended is confined to the countrydistricts, I wish to ask why, for the benefit of these, should the much more numer ously peopled townships be made to suffer unnecessarily. If the clause were to be limited in its application to the country, there might be less objection to it. It is erroneously assumed that these matches are as good and useful as the common matches, but I have found that long before a box is empty the1 prepared surface wears off; and although this may happen with the ordinary matches, in the; one case the difficulty, can be easily reme died—in the other,' it is Hferally " a case." The surface of a matchbox is particularly liable to damp and damage—in fact, the object of the box is usually to protect the matches. -In future, the protecting box will require a pro tector. A bushinan-s safety, and even his life, constantly depend upon his matches. Neither match nor matchbox will in future secure him. :Both' must be in good order, or he had better depend, as formerly, upon flint and tinder. It should be remembered that matches are no more-to be blamed for bush'fires than pipes or camp fires, against which it is held sufficient to insist upon proper precautions. Carelessness is the cause of the difficulty in each case, and two modes, of .meeting this difficulty as regards matches occur to me. .. V . >The first would be to,provide that, matched should always be kept in a tin or metal .recep-' tacle.' In a' tin box, the' ordinsry maiches are perfectly safe,. and when once'a ihatch has been struck-with proper effect, the , danger is equal, whatever kind of match is used,' ; The second modeoh providing against care lessness with matches, is to make them more valuable or, what is the same thing in this in stahcp, more expensive. The Americans obtain a large revenue from a penny stamp on every box of 100 matches.: If necessary, let us put on a Sixpenny or shilling stamp, and I feel, sure that ;much more care, would immediately ac company: the use-of-matches.; In Support of these sentiments I uppeal to the ppminkind of South r Australia, the great con sumers of matches, who in the present instance are, unfaithfully represented by the old women who • are supposed to advocate their in trests in our Houses of Parliament. , , In j conclusion, I would''also call upon all those who are in ahy manner interested in the prevention! of unnecessary oaths, to assist my , endeavors to avert the occasion for the streams ofirriprecation, load and deep, which will rise ;froin| all parfs of thecolony against the,authors .of a Bill to compel the use of bad matches.. : . Iam, Sir, Sc., , : . Adelaide, September 30,1867. J. S. L. 