SloraI *untdeligt n THE additions to the York Court House, which will comprise a new Post Office, are progressing; and' judging by the plans, will be a great im provement to the appearance of the town. !.. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ · i . ...; ..:. " , SEVERAL large Bushfires occurred lately in the Beverley district, threatening to destroy much of the feed : butthanks to the exertionsof the road :party in charge of Warders Davis' and Georgie two indefatigable officers. They were prevented doing the mischief they threatened. WE are informed, that a Storekeeper at York, Shas 50:tons of Manna Gum ready for exporta tion. A settler's wife, family, and two natives earned no less a sum then £40 in three weeks gathering gum; and men are earning from 7s, to 15s. a day. This seems equal to gold diggings. Tin 'ills are in full workh ; most of the wheat in the York district has boen purchased, and one Miller will have at least 200 tons of fine flour t~o dispose of within the next six months -4--t THE fall in the price of wheat has caused a de pression in the labor markets, and retrenchimen~t rine' eeof'the day. ON.Monday 11th instant John Turvey alias Milkey an expiree, was charged at the York Police Court, by Sergt. Moye, with the awful murder of George Bayes. It will be re- collected that the body of Ceorge Bayes, was. discovered in the bed of the River Avon at York on the 17th of November last, and that sus- picion fell upon Turvey from the evidence ad- duced at the inquest. The police have since. been on the alert and have discovered evidence sufficient to induce the Resident Magistrate (W. Cowan, Esq.,) to remand him till the 18th, when it is thought he will be fully committed to take his trial at the ensuing Quarter Sessions. JOHN MARSH an expiree, was fully committed from the York Police Court, for stealing a horse the property of Thomas Kindland. The police on searching his house found the :carsass of a horse salted down, for domestic use. No doubt he.had read in the paper, the accouhts of the French '' Hippop}iagists." A natiive named Charley Geline was also fully committed for trial for the murders of a native; woman named Polly alias " Wanger" on the 24th February, 1865 A Bazaar waa held on Tuesday and Wednesday last, in aid of the Congregational Church build ing.fund, the Imoney received amounted to the large sum of £228, the higeest figure ever realized by any similar display, in Perth, the variety of the articles exposed for sale were not only ornamental but useful, and the anxiety to become possessors of those showed, that for. such purposes, under the .direction of popular Ministers there will always be funds forth coming. '' , THE .Wesleyans in Perth, propose erecting a handsome church in . the Gothic style,: and we have no doubt the call of their popular pastor will be fully responded to... ON the 15th instant, Captain Jaekson, acting Superintendent of Rottnest Penal Island, charged Edward Thompson, c. p. and Margaret Vaunce, the former with anchoring his boat on Philips Island, and the latter with landing off the said Island. Persons are prohibited from fishing Within one mile of the Island of Rottnest or from landing on any of the rocks adjacent Thompson was fined £2 or 7 days imprison ment. Fine paid. Margaret Vaunce discharged. THERE was an unusual amount of business at our local conrt, on Monday last, and a formida ble array of counsel, learned in the law, it has been remarked of old that summum jus summa injuria, and again that common law is nothing more than common ser se, whilst the former aphorism holds too true, the latter has often proved to be the reverse, especially in local courts : sitting. Magistrates are so bewildered by cases, precedents and technical objections as to be obliged to lostpone their decisions, to the great detriment of suitors. In one case, a sawyer thename of H. Attwell, broughtan action against Mr. WM? Lefroy, for the value of 36 loads of slabs, the defence offered was, that the sawyers had agreed to take two bottles of, colonial wine in repayment per load. The sitting Mlagistrate refused to accept the evidence for the defence, and having taken evidence as to the value of the slabs, gave a verdict in favor of plaintiff, for the amount proved, refu sing to receive notice of appeal, there being no point of law shewn under that section of. the local:act allowing of an appeal. GREAT complaints aremade as to the state of the North F~emantleroad, whichismiserablelyoutof repaifr, the same may be said of the road at the other side of the Bridge, the more remarkable as the parts of the Perth road most distant are in excellent order. II is with feelings of unminglqd horror that we publish a murderous and unprovoked attack upon a youthful policeman named Moran: It appears that at. 1. named A'Hern. infuriated by the withdrawal of his Ticket-of-leave, deter mined to be revenged on every policeman he met, late on Thursday night, policeman Ken nedy met him and challenged him, he raised a bludgeon to strike Kennedy, who knoeking it aside, succeeded in hand cuffing him. A'Hern offeredto go quietly with him, observing "I have killed one of your chickens, andwould have killed Dale if I met him, I shall be hanged for it to-morrow" this excited Kennedy's snspi cion and findlhg Moran absent from his beat he instituted a seareh, and fonnd his cap and a pool of blood, nearly opposite Towtons, he woke up Sub-Inspector Campbell, who with two other policemen found the unfortunate Moran senseless amongst the bushes, in thegrant close to the Wesleyan Chapel, HIe was at once con veyed to the hospital and examined by Dr. Ferguson, who found several severe if not mortal wounds about the head. A'I-Iern was broughtl up Iefore the. sitting Magistrate on Wednesday, ,nd remanded for eight days, Moran is par tilly sensible but with little hope of recovery. THE 0accounts from Champion Bay state that the 'preparations for extended agricultural operations are pushed energetically on the Greenough Flats and in the Irwin district, and that the road parties are doing good work. The Bay has been visited by heavy gales, and the drifted sands threatened to overwhelm the town site houses and all, GREAT activity prevails at Bunbury and the Vasse, several American whalers have called., enlivening the town and spending their money freely. 