FARMERS' FIRE INSURANCE, (From the Australasian.) a] Daring the past three or four weeks accounts of disastrous fires have been received from all parts of the colonies, some having been the re- sult of accidental causes, and some the work of incendiaries. The waste and destruction of property cannot but be deplored ; and the more we think upon this subject, the more we feel called upon to urge those men of capital, po- sition, and knowledge of insurance business to bring into active life two or more insurance companies, through whose agency the agricultu- rist would, for a small amount, be able to secure the result of his year's labour, and free himself from a great.deal of anxiety. In England, up- wards of seventy million pounds worth of agri- cultural property is'insured among the many offices established for that purpose ; and it must be remembered that in England there are no bush-fires, no rascally swagsmen, who look upon firing your crops and fences as a just return for your refusing to give them more than one night p " bed and tucker." The Luge extent, too, gftQur iarms and stations make them in some instances difficult of being properly guard- ed, and the most careful man cannot prevent at times extensive and disastrous losses by fires. If tHe farmers themselves were to invest their spare cash in these companies their chances of gain would be doubled ; their interests would be identical, and a fire on a neighbour's farm or at a greater distance would create as much ex- citement as if one's own property was being burnt. Under the present system of non-insu- rance no farmer is ever for a moment secure from these terrible and ruinous visitations; and we repeat that if the English agriculturist finds it to his interest, by the present payment of a small annual sum in the shape of premiums, to secure to himself the benefit of perhips years of labour and care, how much more does that necessity exist in a country situated as Austra- lia is, where the farmer is not only exposed to all the risks of his prototype in Europe, but to other additional and imminent dangers. The damage done this season among the crops is more serious than usual. This may be account- ed for, perhaps, from the fact that the farms in many districts are only of one year's growth, and that the owners have had quite enough to do to get their crops in and fences put np without paying attention to the long grass out- side their enclosures, and from which source half this year's fires have sprung. A farmer, in nineteen cases oat of twenty, may partially protect himself at his boundary line, either by ploughing half a rod of land round the outside fence, or by cultivating a stvip of maize, sor- ghum, lucerne, or potatoes inside his bouudary. Another good plan is by burning at sundown, wheie possible, a strip of grass outside the farm. Another advisable plan is to feed off with sheep as closely as possible, and this ought to be done early in the season, when there is flavour and nourishment in the feed. At the time the grass is dry as well as long it will be useless putting sheep on, they will tread it down with- out eating it. A mutual protection compan}' is the safest remedy ot all-a company or com- panies (for I advocate the establishment of two or three) professing to insure not only the crops, but stock, buildings, fences, and everything else found^qn a farmer's premises. Noone profes- sion mis' so little protection from fire as the far- mer. No one needs more; but certaiuly no class has shown less anxiety to create a system of mutual protection than they have. I know that mos>!; insurance companies object to enter- tain rursl risks, and stringent conditions are insisted upon ; but there is no necessity for these coniitions to be prohibitory, as they have been hithsrto. Let the farmers have their own insurauce companies. Let all have an interest, not only in their own properties, but in their neighbours'. In many localities the farmers before harvest agree among themselves that upon the first alarm of fire any and every hand shall be knocked off work, and all their energies concentrated to extinguish the fire ; but this energy would be displayed in a greater degree if the owner of the property being destroyed and his neighbours assisting in the prevention of its destruction had an interest in the same insurance company. Fires may be traced to acts of carelessness more than to any other cause.- But laws can be made to suit all cases, and tfe believe that before long local laws will be found to be necessary for staying this careless use of fire by smokers, teamsters, and swags- men. It is almost as culpable to light a pipe in a harvest field as in a powder magazine, and it is a good plan many farmers adopt of not al- lowing smoking between meals, or anywhere but in the hut. Some appreciate their non- smoking labourers so much as to allow them higher wages than those who smoke. As our number oí farmers inc;ease we imagine the dan- ger from fires will decrease, from sever.il reas- ons ; among other things, more strips of green fodder will be purposely grown ; paddocks of English grasses are greatly on the increase, and they -will play their part as pai tiai stoppage*. Again, the population is increasing, and an area of agricultural land has now four or five times its number of occupiers, aud we may add guardians. Another reason why the damage in future 'will be lessened is, if two or three insurance companies be formed, and the majority of farmers become shareholders, there will be a better supervision generally in the country dis- tricts. A year or two since, if a curl of smoke was seen in the distance, the first question asked was " How's the wind ?" and if blowing from the farm, " Oh ! 'tis all right, t'wont come near us," pnd the usual work went on as if nothing was wrong, and your neighbor was not being ruined. We are not so charitable as to imagine that this ungenerous feeling was uni- versal, but it existed, and does still exist. Agricultural property has been looked upon by the insurance companies as too " risky." In- deed, until recently, only one company did business in this branch if insurance ; but with stringent conditions attached to the policies, a higher rate of premium, and a general desire to insure created throughout the firming com- munity, it would be found to be a far more pro- fitable branch of insurance than many others. There is little likelihood of deception in cases of proposals for insuring. The inside of a stack can be examined as surely as a house. The standing crops and fences are before the agent's pyes, and a certificate from a qualified " vet," would be satisfactory so far as regards the health of stock. And looking at the value of our agricultural produce and stock in the ag- gregate, and the insignificant per-centage destroyed by fire or taken off by disease during the year, I must express my surprise that this channel for enterprise and capital has been so long neglected. There is abundant room for two or three companies to operate ; in fact, it would be imprudent and very bad policy for only one company to take all the risks of an agricultural district. Much would have to depend upon the judgment of the local agent or surveyor ; and certain conditions imposed and insisted upon, conditions simple in themselves, and which a great many farmers comply with even without undertaking to do so to a com- pany, such as not permitting more than two stacks to be built in close proximity to each other ; stacks not to be within so many yards of a public road ; stacks to be ploughed round at such a distance and at a stated bieadth ; a strip of land ploughed or a certain width of road to be .between the cultivated land or stack- yard and^awelling-house ; 'no steam thrasher to be used without having sufficient spark-catcher attached, no smoking allowed in the stack-yard or paddocks. All the above conditions are now being carried out by scores of our farmers, whose stock and stacks are as safe to insure as almost any town properties. It rests with the farmers themselves iu a great measure to pro- cure this " pretection " to themselves and fami- lies. It is not too late even this season for them to take at once active steps, and either encourage any company already willing to receive propo- sals for insurance, or set afloat one company or more for their own especial protection. This season is a plentiful one, and every agricultur- ist and stockowner ought to set aside say ten per cent, of his amount of capital for purchasing shares in some Farmers' Insurance Company. This state of things must assuredly come to pass, and that soon, and those who are first in the field with tact, and capital will be/ first to reap the beuefit. Let a farmer bear in mind that the protection for the produce of 100 acres may be obtained off about one acre or a trifle more, and surely no man who values the interests of his family, as well as freedom from anxiety on his own part, will hesitate to insure these at so small a cost. 