COURTS OF PETTY SESSIONS. BACCHUS MARSH. MONDAY, December 23. (Before C. Shuter, Esq., P.M., and J. Young, Esq., J.P.) Henry Smith, John Payne, jun., and A. Patterson were charged under the 21st section of the Police Offences Statute, by senior-constable Kiernan with having negligently caused a bush- flre. They had been brought before Messrs. McCaus land and Rae on Friday, and admitted to bail. Mr. Gell asked by what authority the men had been arrested ? Senior-constable Kiernan said that they were there under his authority as a constable. Mr. Gell contended that the men were not properly before the Court. Mr. Shuter said that the objection should have been taken before bail was given. Mr. Coll said that bail had been given to regain their liberty. The constable could not arrest without warrant or summons for any offence which he did not witness. He should claim the discharge of the prisoners as a matter of right. Mr. Shuter considered that the responsibility rested with the constable who arrested. Sup posing those men were flying the country, and there was not time to get a warrant or summons? The Bench think the men are properly before the Court, Mr, Gell protested, and asked the Bench to take a note of the objection. The prisoners did not know what they had to meet. Senior-constable Kiernan stated that on Thurs day last the prisoners were engaged in fencing the Racecourse, and one of them, Smith, lit a fire to char posts, against the wish of the others. He applied for the dismissal of Patterson. The Bench dismissed Patterson, and the con stable applied to put him in the witness box. Mr. Gell objected, and said that Patterson ought to be allowed to go outside of the Court and then he would be required to be summoned. He should claim the right to order Patterson to leave the Court, and if the Bench prevented him, they must take the responsibility. The Bench said that if a man turned Queen's evidence, he could be put in the witness box. Mr. Gell told Patterson to leave the Court Senior-constable Kiernan told him to get in the witness box, which he did, and the Bench sup- ported the constable. Mr. Gell asked for an adjournment, in order to get the Attorney-General's opinion. He would advise hIs client, Patterson, not to give a word of evidence. The Bench deprecated anything but calm argu ment, and asked for authorities. The man Patterson was not compelled to give evidence, but as he happened to be present, he was liable to be called as a witness. Mr. Gell: That implies a man being here volun tarily; and Patterson, being discharged, is not Queen's evidence. I advise him not to speak nor be sworn. The witness was sworn, and stated that he was a Swede, and could not speak English very plainly. He knew the two prisoners, and recol lected Thursday last, when Henry Smith and John Payne were engaged in fencing. Mr. Gell objected to the witness being asked whether he recollected a fire on that day. The Bench supported him. Witness resumed: He was digging post holes; J. Payne was adzing the rails; Smith was ramming the posts, and charring them. It was between five and seven in the morning. Mr. Gell objected to the mode of examination. Witness: Smith was burning the posts for about three hours. Senior-constable Kiernan: Did he observe a fire? Mr. Gell: I object to that question. Let the man state in his own way what he observed. We are here without knowing what the charge is, and the evidence is being fished for. Witness : When the fire broke out, I was away getting water. A delay took place while the form of charge was read, and Mr. Gell complained that it was not given to him before, and he argued that the charge as set forth was no offence at all. Witness : He left J. Payne by the tent when he went for the water. Smith was away with the bullock dray. The fire came from the direction of where the posts were charred, but he could not directly say where the fire broke out. Did not know whether the fire which charred the posts was alight between seven and eleven. W. Hines stated that about dinner time he was proceeding home from Melton, when he caught sight of the fire, about the end of the fence the prisoners were working at, and near their tent. Saw last witness at this time getting water, and cooeyed to him, when he came towards the fire. Estimates his loss at from £150 to £175. The fire was about the size of the Court-house when witness first saw it, and it was about five chains from the tent. He was then half-a-mile from it. He was not prosecutor in this case, because he knew that it would not recompense him for his loss. Mr. Gell thought it would be idle to go on with the case, unless the prosecution could connect the flre at seven o'clock with the fire which broke out at twelve. The Bench said that in order to convict, they must assume that there was a fire burning be tween seven o'clock and the time the flames spread, and that no other person lit a fire. Senior-constable Johnstone saw smoke on the afternoon of Thursday, and going towards the fire he met Patterson and Payne, and the latter said that the fire must have been caused by Smith having lit a fire to char posts. Mr. Gell objected to this, as being hearsay evidence. Witness: On the day I arrested the prisoners they both expressed their sorrow for having caused the fire, and Smith said that if ever he could do Mr. Hines any good he would be glad to do so. By the Bench: Did not tell them that this statement might be used against them. Cross-examined by Mr. Gell: The statement arose during conversation about the fire,. Mr. Gell submitted that there was no case, This admission was not a confession in distinct terms that prisoners caused this fire. It was only a natural expression of regret. In fact, they would have to presume everything. In a criminal case the prisoners were always allowed the benefit of the slightest doubt. The Bench dismissed the case. Police v, John Payne. Same offence, committed on the same day, but in a different place. Mr. Musgrave for the defendant. He asked for the information to be read by the Clerk. The Clerk: There is none. Mr. Musgrave: He must certainly press the point raised by Mr. Gell, that the police could not apprehend upon their own mere authority, without a warrant or summons. He did not know what the charge against his client wlas. The Bench did not say that the police had acted correctly, but they did not think that the error would justify them in dismissing the case. Senior-constable Kiernan stated that defendant set fire to a tree, endangering the property of several residents. The case would rest upon admissions made by the prisoner. Alex. Robinson, farmer, Merrimu, deposed that on Thursday last he saw Payne opposite Blinkho's. He was clearing a road by removing dead timber. Saw a tree on fire close to where prisoner was, about ten or eleven o'clock. Payne said that he had lit the fire. Told him how dangerous it was. He expressed his sorrow, and was watching the fire, to prevent it spreadiing. Was driving bul locks at the time; on returning at about one or two o'clock, saw the tree was still burning, and Payne watching it; the grass around the tree had been burned. About a quarter of an hour after leaving Payne, saw smoke rising in the direction he had left him in. Sent assistance to put out the fire, and shortly afterwards went himself. Saw several paddocks on fire. Payne said that he had lit some bushes, because he was afraid to move them for fear of snakes, These bushes set fire to the tree. Cross-examined by Mr. Musgrave: Payne took every precaution he possibly could to prevent the fire spreadinig from the tree. Couldn't swear that the fire in the paddocks came from the tree. James Burke, residing at the Basins, gave similar evidence. He cautioned Payne about the fire. When putting out the fire, witness asked Payne if he was able to pay for the damage he had done, and he said no; and that he had not caused it intentionally. I have lost thirty acres of grass, and a lot of fencing. Cross-examined by Mr. Musgrave: Would not swear that the fire he helped to put out originated at the tree. G. Blinkho, of the Basins, had lost about £30 by the fire. Had challenged the prisoner with having caused fire, and he said that he had done his best to prevent it, but the bark fell off the tree on to the grass, and beat him. He said he should go down to the Marsh and give himself up. I said that it would be better for him to help to put the fire out. Cross-examined Mr. Musgrave: Did not see anyone near the tree except Payne. Would swear that Payne admitted setting fire to my paddock. Mr. Musgrave asked for the discharge of the prisoner, as he had never been charged with any thing. The Bench admitted that they were in the dark in reference to this case. An information should have been laid in accordance with the words of the clause under which the proceedings were taken. The admission of prisoner to Mr. Blinkho would be evidence in a civil case, but not in this, where it was necessary to prove that the fire broke out within certain limits. Case dismissed. ASS.1 J. Ryan v. E. Janice, Ilarshlall, J. Honnossy, ? and M. Hogan. Mr. Ge,*M the pldaintifi' Mr. oMusgrave for eonnessy abfarshlll, Mr. MIiller Sfor Janmos and Hogan. There was anothor itif ation in the same r cease, laid by Mr. John Co1, and a discussion took place as to whetheor t two cases could be taken togothoer. Mr. 'Mus asked for such a Psoparation as would onable of the defendants to appear as witnesses. lIiller argued that they were entitled to claiun? The ease was Sordered to go on, with nio 'a separation of attdrnoys fori' the dofence. Mr. Goll procoeeded to statsat the evidence would discloso one of the rc~ outrages 1)po ihaps over committed in iS ars 1. An attack made upon two man of uhbted oharactor, long resident in the distriot, tlo least lilkeoly to provoke an assault, Those fo~fondants had committed a gross outrageo; ,'and, which it was thle first provinco of the law t rss. The prineipal defendant was Ir. E pams, who whic10, h o had boon before the Coirt upo a previous occasOlonsis, and was now under isnees to keep the peace towards all IIr M 's subjets. Mr. Millcr oblocted to this re, and the Beonoh supported him. .? Mr. Goll continued: This gontlem~ ks that he is allowed to do anything he liil& brute force; and if lhe (Mr. Gell) provedjx t ae, lie should press for the full punilshmont Slf'apso. mont with hard labour. It would be wvethat Mr. Edwin James had nourished ill-fooeht inst Mr. Ryan for some time. TPho other 4dnts were servants living with E. JanuesJ Mrs. James's house, and they wore acting ior his direotion or influoence. He would theref, t princilal dolinquont, and he (Mr. Gaoll) d 1tho attention of the Benoh to this, in order thIf the ease was proved against James they itae such mneasures as would prevent him do y. thing of this kind again. IMr. Goll then ins a case where a nobleman had beeoon imprison an assault, instead of being fined, and lie t that Mr., . James, being able to pay a fine, as, be similarly treated, The nature of the out was that Mr. J. Ryan and Mr. J. Connoll wer n Thursday evening last, near the Woolpack, 'iy woroetalking, and on horseback. The entire horse under the care of one of the defendants was thIn walking about, and the groom walked the horse o as to attrato6 the attention of MIr. Connoll. M~. Ryan said to Mr. Connoll that he thought tlhi horse was gripod. Mr. Counell remarked to the holder of the horso, "Has your horse got the belly. ache." The man said "you have got the bellyache," and went away. Mr. Ryan and Mr. Connoell shortly afterwards heard voices, asking who they were The man with the horse then brought the animal so close to MIr. Connell that he was obliged to defend himself by striking it with his whip. 'Ti'he man said would he have a leap. Connoll said dec you want to kill me. The man called out, "lhe has struck the horse." The understanding ap. peared to be that this exolamation should be umade as a signal for the other defendants to come up and make an attack. nImmodiately afterwards, W. Marshall, E, James, and Hogan, came up at n run, and the first said "WYho struck the horseo " Connell admitted having done so, whoroeupon MIarshall said he must fight him, to which Connell replied lhe would got one to fight him to.morrow, 'ho horse was then brought so close to Connoll as very nearly to do him an injury, and he was dared to strike the horse again. A fourth man was called to hold the horse, anid MIarshall squared at Connell. Ryan got olt' his horse, when James said "Lot him have it." Mlarshall seized Ryan by the nose with his mnouth, holding him by the body. Ryan asked him to let him go, and a struggle took place. This was opposito Mrs. Woolloy's cottage, and she was afraid that IMr. Ryan would be killod. She called out, " Do you want to kill the mam F" James said "Give it himi," and was kiolking Ryan on the back of his head. He tried to make IMrs. Woolley go into her house, but she would not. Mr., Rich, too, could corroborate this. If those fiots were proved, it was a ease which should not be passed over lightly, but the highest punishment this Court could allow would scarcoly be adequate, oven if they did not send it to a higher Court. Those procoeedings wore taken under clause 38 of the Police Ofl'ones Statute. Jcromiah Ryan, farmnor, of Bacohus Marsh, was then sworn. LHand beeoon residing in the district 18 or 14 years. Know two of the defoendants, BE. James and Watty MaLrshall. Had always beeoon on good terms with the first-nameod. IIad known lMarshall only three weeks. Theoro vas souloe ill-fooling with Jameos about impounding. Know nothing of Hogan and Honnessy, On Thursday ovoning, about half-past eight, I was returning from a iihool Committee meeting, Mr, John Connoll was with me. When oplposite MIr, Woolloy's cottage. I was on the footpath, on horseobnek, While we wore there an entire horse passed up and down several times. I said to Mr. Conncll that the horse must be griped, or they would not be walking it at that time of night. Mr. Connell asked the manm Hogan, who was loading the horse, if it had the bollyaoho; to which the reply was, "have you got the bellyache," Tho man with the horse went a short distance, and he' answeoroed a question by the throe defendants by saying that it was Connoll who had spoken to him, Thou saw the horse returning, on the middle of the road, while witness and Connell wore on the (ootpath. The horse was brought up right alongside the maro which Connoll was riding. Connoll said "you wrotch, do you want to puit the horse on top of me." Tiho man loading the horse then called out "Ho's struckl the horse,." ''The other defendants canme up, and asked why witness struck the horse, Connellsaid it was he that did it, because they wanted to lipt tile horse on top of him. The man with the entire denied doing so. Watty Marshall said "lot mo see you strike him again. The man who strikes him must fight me." ' Connoll said he didn't wanvt to flight,,but ihe could get a man who would tight, in the morning. T'i'he horse was then again brought right against Connell's mnaro, when Conncll strtuk it threeoo or foer times. One of the meon took the horse from Watty, and tile latter rushed at Connell. I said "don't strike the man." Edwin James said "it's Ryan;n lot him have it," Witnoss then received a blow on the side of the head. Witness tried to take his coat olf, when Watty caught lhim round the body, and soiszed witness by thie nose with his teeoth. I seiozed WVatty by thl body, and asked him to lot me go. I hit hlim on the jaw, whou hle lot go miy nose, but kept mie under, whore we struggled. I asked him tolot me go. Then got him under. )During the struggle M?ushall kicked mo in thie side, and I kickod him too. A second person kicked me in the back of the head, which I askeod Mrs. Woolloy to witness. Ileard Edwin James toll her to go inside. Mrs. Woolloy told Marshall to lot witness up, and not to hill him. imMarshall roplied, "I will lottho know I am not a now chum." hMrs. Woolloy called out that I was ]killed. Edwin Jamnes said "' givoe it him." When I got up I saw a mmm namned Rich and John Connoll. Swear positively to the identity of the prisoners. Cross-examined by Mr. Musgravo: Thie remark I madieo to Connumell labout the hlorso being gripod was to him quietly. Did not considor the question by Councll, " Had the horso got thio bullyacho," an inmulting one, but a friendly ono. No ono over called HIogisn an " Irish puppy ;" nor a" wholp." Could seeoo no motive for bringing the horse close to Comnmell except to provoke a row. COnneoll did not oflfer to fillght Mlarshall, neither did I. Cross-exaulmined by Mr. Millor: Did not think tlhat tlhe question abotl the horse being griped was likely to injure its reputation as a sire. If Marshall had not kicked me when I was down I would never hlvo broughlt this case. Marshalll was not justiflled in att:acking Connoll on the plea of loloking ifter his mastor's horse. HIad had disiputes with Mrs. Jammos. Would swuear that lEdwin James kicked .mo in the back of the head. 'ITho cross-exmineination wsa continued some time beutwccun Mr. Miller and Mr. Gcll. Maria WVoolloy gave ovideince as follows: On 'I'hurdumy evening, about nine o'cloc)l:, I was stand. ing at my own gato, and saw Mr. Ryan and iMr. Connoll on horsoback talking. Mr. James' throo men camo up with the horso. e Mr, Connoll asked one of thorn if tho horso wae sick. The horse was then led betwoon tho horsesF of Connoll and Ryan. Connoll told the man to tako it away. lThe witness tlhen described the assault upon Rya:n mnch as the previous witness had dlone. Heard tho groom (Marshall) say that he would kick 1Ryan's head off. )id not c0o Jrr. Jlames, nor hnear his voice. HIoard somobody say "Go insido," but could not say who it wa\\. Saw throo men besides Mr. Rlyan and Mr. Connoll. The cross..oxamination of tho witnoess only olicited tlhat Edwin Jameos might havo beeoon present without her seeing him. 1The Court then adjourndot for a woLeek. 