COUNTRY NEWS. The Geelong and Warrnambool coach was upset on Thursday, when passing Captain Haimes' station at Pirron Yalloak. The top of the coach became detached and the pas- sengers consisting of two ladies, three chil- dren, and two other passengers, were thrown out and bruised. The accident was caused by the " near "horse taking fright at a pack- horse. A sad case of insanity was on Thursday brought under the notice of the Talbot Bench--that of Hannah Mills, a pretty-look- ing young girl only sixteen years of age, the daughter of an old resident of High-street, Amherst. "From the evidence of her mother," says the local journal, " it appeared that when an infant of two years old she was kicked on the head by a horse, and that for the last four or five years she had been sub- ect to fits. Though exceedingly quiet in her behaviour at times, at others she became pro- portionately violent, and had frequently threatened to end her existence by jumping into a waterhole. On Sunday she attempted to put her threat into execution, and first possessing herself of a razor, threw herself into a cellar full of water." She was sent to the asylum at Ararat. Some parties of anglers have been very successful lately in securing good hauls of fish from the creeks in the neighbourhood of Majorca. Four young men on one evening last week, caught thirty seven dozen black fish on Middle Creek. A boy named James Scarborough, son of a farmer residing at Mount Cotterel was killed on Thursday by sunstroke A man was found drowned several days ago in the Werribee at Melton and an inquest being held as the deceased could not be identified, and there was nothing to show how he came by his death an open verdict was returned It now appears that he is one Thomas White aged twenty nine years a resident of Ballarat East engaged as a carter of timber from Bullbrook East It is said that he had for some time shown signs of mental derangement and it appears that it was while out searching for his horses that he carme by his untimely end. "One fact lrespecting the value of our mineral spring," says the Daylesford Express, "is better than a hundred assertions. A short time ago one Bartolomeo Anselmi was employed by the committee to clear out the source of the spring. He was suffering at the time from a cutaueous eruption that covered his whole body. In a short while he noticed that his hands presented a more healthy appearance, and by applying the water ex- ternally a complete cure was effected. We could also mention the name of a well- known storekeeper here who has been re- lieved of a similar complaint by the same means." The following choice piece of "hifalutin" is supplied by the Geelong Advertiser to its readers under the head of " Current Topics":-- On returning home one night recently after the fulfilment of our duties we were agreeably surprised at hearing the soft notes of a piano skilfully touched accom- panied with singing. The attractive sounds issued from a petty cottage standing within a garden with an ornamental and pretty verandah. The night was fearfully hot and all nature seemed to be hushed and stilled by the intense heat. One would have thought scarcely any one could have made the effort of singing on such a night A full blaze of light shone brilliantly from the windows of the cottage and the soft and full tones of a sweet female voice floated out over the oppressive air. Riveted to the spot as if enchanted, we quietly stood and listened. The song it appeared, was 'Paddle Your Own Canoe,' and, although we could not catch the words, the refrain seemed to inculcate that every one should depend for success on his own exertions--in other words self reliance. The song ceased ; we waited patiently for another, but the syren had departed from the instru- ment, and we passed on our way homeward, refreshed and philosophising upon the neces- sity of continued exertion. A serious accident from gunshot is thus related by the Warrnambool Examiner as occurring on Wednesday evening at Gras- mere, on the farm of Mr. Dugald Jenkins :-- "A nephew of his, Duncan Jenkins, was trying to shoot a wild bullock in the yard. Unfortunately, he took aim in the direction of the house and missed the bullock ; and John Jenkins who at the moment was step- ping out of the doorway received the bullet in the middle of the left arm above the elbow. The bullet was not of lead, but was a marble, and this after shattering the bone broke into pieces. The wound is a very severe one but the sufferer is progiessing favourably." A courageous capture of a thief by a woman is thus related by the McIvor Times :--"On Wednesday night, after Mrs. Connell, of the Thistle Hotel, and the servant girl had re- tired to rest, she heard some one in the house. Her husband was away at Sandhurst seeing the Duke, but Mrs Connell did not like being robbed with impunity, so she turned out, and hastily attired herself. She followed the sounds of the housebreaker, and caught him just as he had finished opening the servant's box ; she laid hold of the fellow and held him fast till her cries for help brought it, and the man is now in the lock-up." The following scab cases were decided by the Belfast Police Court on Monday :--Wm. Cruikshank was fined £212 16s. for having 2,128 sheep affected with scab in his posses- sion without having a licence. Notice of appeal was given. Ebenezer M'Welter was fined £30 as owner of diseased sheep which had been allowed to stray on the Killmorey Run ; £5 for not having them branded, and £20 foirdriving them on a public road without the permission of the scab inspector. John Polemson was fined £39 as owner of an unregistered flock of diseased sheep, num- bering 390. The West Bourke Guardian states "that an alarming bushfire occurred on Thursday last, near Bacchus Marsh. A foolish or malicious fellow, who had been engaged fencing the racecourse, made a fire to char the posts, al- though the hot north wind was blowing furiously. The adjoining grass took fire, and the flames went off in a southerly direction at almost race-horse speed, doing a vast amount of damage in its destructive course. The grass belonging to Messrs. Simmons, Keefe, Clark, and Hines, was completely de- stroyed. The latter person was particularly unfortunate, having lost, in addition to 300 acres of grass, all his wheat and much other property. On the same day a fire took place at the limekilns, through the negligence of a contractor for the Bacchus Marsh Road Board. As a ready way of clearing a road he set fire to the trees and the strong wind caused the ignition of grass in the adjoining paddock and the fire spread with devastatmg effect. Mr. T. Cain lost 300 acres of grass, Messrs. Burke and Macfarlane lost a smaller quantity, and Mr. Blinko about forty acres." "Friday," says the Geelong Advertiser, "being the first day of the shooting season, guns could be heard popping off in every direction, many of the shooters having baited up till twelve o'clock on Thursday night, so as not to lose a single minute ; and we have heard that many did not even wait for the hour to arrive, but commenced shoot- ing on Thursday. Tremendous havoc must have been done on Lake Connewarre among swans and ducks by the big guns, which, we trust will soon be done away with. Nume- rous parties also left town for various places where quail were known to abound." 