; SOUTH-EASTERN DISTRICT. [From the Border Watc/i, December 21.1 Through some heavy country orders coming in, it transpired during the week that the quantity of flour in stock in Mount Gambier was limited to afew tons, and the mills had knocked off work to make the' usual overhaul prior to star tins: with the new crop. This had the effect of. giving the flour ma.ket a startling rise, and on Thursday flour was quoted at £25 per ton, and could not be had at that. 'Of course this is only! temporary—the mills have again been started and they will soon turn out sufficient for all demands.. " On Sunday, the 15th inst., a Coroner's in quest was held near Mount MuirheacL, by George Glen, Esq., J.P., upon view of the body of John Ryan, who had been employed at the cuttings at Mount Muirhead, under Mr. McKenzie's contract, and who had died, somewhat suddenly on ■ the 13th inst. The evidence of- those present at time deceased died having been taken, the Jury returned as1 their verdict, that: deceased came to, his death, through convulsive'fits, at the same time re-' gretting that no medical evidence had been tendered for the satisfaction of the" friends of the deceased. • - ■ Mr. R. D. Renfrey has now growing on his farm what cannot, be regarded other than as a curiosity, namely, a root of wheat from which there are 75 stalks, each bearing a large well formed^ head—representing a return of some-' thing like 5,000 fold! We cannot pretend to say whether this has- ever been beat or not, but we may . safely say that it is not often such a wonderful increase is to be met with. On Thursday afternoon a large pile of wood in the rear of Mac's Hotel was discovered to be on fire, and soon burst into a fierce flame. The alarm was speedily giyent and most of tie neighbors and others came to the rescue, and worked with a will. By great exertions they succeeded in insulating the fire, and finally ex tinguishing it. Had the fire.not been got under as it was the stable of the hotel and Mr. Cald well, the tailor's house, would speedily have caught, and with the high hot wind blowing it is hard to say where the fire would have stopped. No clue to the origin Of the fire < can. be' dis covered^ ; V •' ■ j On Thursday bush-fires prevailed on the Mount Schanck and Glenco runs, but we have not-heard that' any par ticular mischief was done. In the Hundred of Gambier, however, a fire got away from Mr. J. Douglas, and swept through the farms of Mr. W. Appleby, and Mr! White, very much injuring their wheat crops; Now that the season for' fires has' set in we trust much caution will be exercised in firing^ and that the owners of rough sheep country which may be advantageously burned off will study the- interests of their . wheat-growing neighbors when theydo it, and have'eveiy pre-! caution taken to prevent the fire; getting away! from them. [Since the foregoing was written we, learn that' the fire on the Mount'Schanck run destroyed, a large; quantity, of valuable; grass; and the fire in Gambier East caused lossi to Mr. C. Fidler, Mr. E. G. Browfi, and Mr.! Ball, besides those mentioned.] ' ' ■ 