FRIDAY, FEBRUARY \, 1807. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, the Speaker took the chair at half-past four o'clock. Mr. HiciNBOTHAsr, in íeply to Mr. Casey, said that the manner in which the Bendigo Waterworks Company had neglected to comply with the provisions of their act of incorporation was at the present time under the considérai ion of the Minister of Mines, in connexion Yvith the supply of water to the Bendigo district. Mr. HIQINBOTHAM, in reply to Mr. Evans, said there was 110 proposal to apply any moneys out of the consolidated revenue of Victoria to the service of New South Wales. Such appropriation would, of course, be illegal. Mr. MACGREGOR, in reply to Mr. Kerferd, said the necessity of extending better protec- tion to mining property liad come under the attention of the Govennnont, who hoped to introduce a measure which would deal in a more effectual manner with pilferers of wash dirt, and other property appertaining to miners and their claims. Mr. MACMAHON* presented a petition from the Corporation of Melbourne, asking for leave to introduce a bill for the removal of nuisances from the city of Melbourne. Mr. M'CULLOCH, in reply to Mr. Macbain, stated it was the intention of the Government to introduce a bill for the amendment of the Scab Act. On the motion of Mr. VERDON', it was re- solved that on Tuesday next the House should go into Coneimittec of Ways and Means. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved:-"That a select committee be appointed to prepare an address to Her Most Gracious Majesty,,, thanking Her Majesty for the generous recog- nition by Her Majesty's Government of the claims of this colony in regard to its de- fences." Mi. MACMAHON seconded the motion, and said he thought that in preparing the address some notice should be taken of. the distinction conferred hy Her Majesty on the hon. the Treasurer. He thought the con- ferring of s_c_honoursuponp_blicmen would have a salutary effect. The hon. gentleman passed a high compliment on Mr. Verdon, for the manner in which he had fulfilled his mission to England. Mr. HIGINBOXHAM hoped the hon. member did not intend to convey a wish in the ad- dress that such honours should be extended. Ile concurred in the propriety of returning thanks for the distinction conferred upon his hon. colleague. Mr. MACMAHON simply wished to thank Her Majesty for that honour, but doing so would serve to show that such distinctions weic appreciated. Mr. M'CANN thought that in a democratic community like Victoria everyone should stand on his own merits. He thought but little of such flimsy distinctions, and was of opinion the Treasurer would have done better to îefuse the honour he had accepted. (Cries of "No, no ;" and "Shame.") Mr. VEBDON (who appeared to be suffering from indisposition) said that when he was first informed of the intention of Her Majesty to confer the distinction upon him, he inti- mated his wish that he should not be so honoured ; but Lord Carnarvon afterwards informed him that Her Majesty had already conferred the distinction, and, as the repre- sentative of Victoria, he did not feel that he had a right to refuse it. He would always be proud of the honour, and should take care it was known that it was as the representative of the colony that he enjoyed it. Mr. G. V. SMITH entirely dissented from the remarks of the bon. member for South Grant, and was pleased at the recognition of the relation of Victoria to the mother country, as shown by the manner in which the lion, the Treasurer had been treated. The motion was then agreed to. On the motion of Mr. M'CULLOCH, seconded by Mr. MACMAHON, a select committee was appointed to prepare au address to the Hon. Brigadier-General' George Jackson Carey, C.B., expressing the sense entertained by this House of his administration of the affairs of the colony during the period he held the lu'gh position of Officer Administering the Govern- ment. At a subsequent period of the evening the address was brought up, adopted, and ordered to be presented to General Carey, and a copy to be forwarded to His Excellency the Go" vernor, with a request that he would transmit it to the Duke of Cambridge. 'Die bill to legalise certain proceedings in the Geelong Insolvency Court, having reference to estates in the Ballarat district, waa read a second time, passed through all its subsequent stages, and a message transmitting the mea- sure to the Legislative Council was ordered to be sent. The resolutions agreed to in committee re- lative to the Local Government Act, and the Municipalities Act, were reported and adopted, and billi relating thereto were brought in, and read a second time. Mr. MACOBIÍGOB moved the second reading ? of the Minina Companies Law Amendment Bill, and entered into a brief explanation of its provisions. Mr. CABBY suggested that, as the bill dealt with a large amount of property, it would be well to refer it to a select committee. Mr. LALOR thought that any amendments necessary to be made could easily be dis- cussed in committee of the whole. He proceeded to point out certain amendments which he conceived would be advisable ; and said that, as the bill had been but re- cently in the hands of hon. members, it would be well to postpone the second read- ing. Mr. M'KEAN thought a far better mea- sure for the purpose intended would be made by extracting a few clauses from the amend- ing bill, and incorporating them with the Companies Statute. After a few remarks from Mr. Ramsay and Mr. Smyth, Mr. MACGKEGOR said he had no objection to the course suggested by the lion, member for Sandhurst. The bill was then read a second time. Mr. HICINBOTHAM moved the second read- ing of the Public Health laws Amendment Bill. In reply to Mr. MacMahou, the hon. mem- ber explained that the bill consisted of the greater portion of the Cemeteiies Bill of the session before last, and the first part of the Public Health Act of last session, together with a clause taken from the English Sana- tory Act, providing for the visitation of their districts by the several local boards of health. The bill was then read a second time. The House then went into committee for the consideration of the measure, and the whole of the clauses, with the exception of a few resei ved for further consideration, were disposed of. On the motion of Mr. KINO (in the absence of Mr. Smyth), it was resolved that on Tuesday the House resolve itself into a com- mittee of the whole, to consider the propiiety of amending the laws relating to county courts. Mr. FARRELL moved that, on Tuesday next, the House would resolve itself into a commit- tee, to consider the propriety of rewarding certain parties said to be discoverers of the AJma, Stringer's Creek, and Steiglitz gold- fields ; but after a few remaiks, the debate was adjourned until Tuesday. The remaining business was then postponed ; and the House, at five minutes to eleven, ad- journed until the following Tuesday. Tlie public has not been long left in the dark as to the operation of the Amended Land Act during the year 1S60. With commendable alacrity, Mr. GRANT has laid before Parliament an account of his administration Yvithin four weeks of the end of tho period to which it refers ; and it is fair to say at the outset that the document is of a less unsatisfactory character than that Yvhich ?was published in June last, for it does afford some information upon the material features of the land system. In the report for 1865 no par- ticulars Yvere furnished either of the extent of settlement or of the amount of rent receiY'ed during the year. In the document now before us Yve have some information on both these points. Up to the 31st of December last the total area open for selection Yvas 4,465,240 acres, the total selected under certifi- cates 559,423 acres, and the total under lease 2,011,749 acres. We need hardly say that the selectors by certificates, .be- longing for the most part to the wealthy loYver ordere, are a depraved'and stiff necked race, and haYdug been base enough to invest their surplus capital in land, are dealt with in the most summary way in this report, and are disposed of by the passing remark that their selections " are almost invariably reported to be " unimproved, except in certain cases, " to the extent only of a pretended " habitable dwelling being erected " thereon, at a cost estimated from £2 " to ¿£5." It Yvould be both presump tuons and vain for its to express any sympathy with or attempt any defence of such people. Tvre cannot help re- marking, however, that the tone adopted in this report towards the certificate holders unpleasantly reminds us of the very great aversion which the rulers of Victoria entertain towards persons who may he disposed to invest their capital in the land. While the selectors under certificates are thus summarily dealt with, those who have taken leases under the Amending Act are treated hi a very different fashion. Not that there is much in the facts supplied by this report to warrant the belief that the latter belong to a different order of mortals, or enter on the lands with in- tentions greatly different from those of the certificato-holders. In one respect there is doubtless a difference. The selectors under certificate arc generally bona -ßcle selectors ; that is to say, they intend to invest their money in the land, and occupy it so as to get some return for themselves and for the state. 3ut assuredly this cannot be said of the whole of the selectors under lease ; for two of the most prominent facts of this report are, that 1,842 selections, of the extent of 380,000 acres, have been declared forfeited for non-payment j of rent ; and that of the balance of 1, G 31,7 49 acres, less than one-third has been improved, and only one -acre in a hundred lias been cultivated. Of the total selections, both by lease and certificate, to the 30th of June last, an inspection was made by officers of the department towards the close of the year. These inspectors actually ex- amined and reported on 1,715,286 acres, and this is a concise summary of their report : No. Acres. Improved selections ... 2,00!» 589,006 Unimproved do. ... 4,399 1,12C,280 Acres under «op ... - 18,790 Residents .0,395 This certainly is not a very en- couraging statement. After the " wheels " of fortune" had been in operation for eighteen months, and the Attorney General had suffered incalculable anguish from the persistent wickedness of his agrarian colleague, to find only 18,796 cultivated acres as the net result of this ineffable measure, must be some- what distressing to the Ministry, and is not very comforting to the public upon whose property this latest experiment in land legislation has been tried. In the year ending March, 1866-the first year of Mr. GRANT'S Act-there were not nearly so many acres enclosed and very few more cultivated than in the same period ending with March, 1864. In the latter year 745,000 acres were en- closed, and 42,000 brought under ' cultivation. lu the first vear of the land, "lottery' only 327,000 acrö3 Were enclosed, and including the 18,000 acres of Mr. GRANT'S protégés, only 51,000 acres added to cultivation. Ii the agri- cultural millennium istobebroughtabout by MJ. GRANT, and Yictoria is not to supply herself with breadstuff's ex- cept through the instrumentality of his Land Act, we are afraid that the patience of some of his devotees will be severely tried; for the inexorable rules of arithmetic tell us that, if out of 1,700,000 acres alienated in each year but 18,000 are to be cultivated, the supply of land will be exhausted long before the supply of corn is secc^vT But if the smallness of the exteni^l^^ cultivation did not suggest that bet,, m fide settlement, in the sense in Yvhic** that phrase is commonly used, has been ' very rare, Yvho can look at the numbers of sheep and cattle depasturing on the improved selections Yvithout comin» to that conclusion 1 The improved selec- tions comprised, as we have said, 589,006 acres, and on them there is actually reported to be 22,334 cattle, and 149,721 sheep ! Who, in the face of these facts, can doubt that, after all Mr. GRANT'S care and contriving, the people Yvho have money and stock have managed to get the land also ? We cannot on the present occasion deal Yvith all the noticeable features of this report. There is, hoYvever, one other point we must refer to. The total area selected under lease to the' end of last year Yvas 2,011,749 acres. Of these 1,081,577 were selected prior to June, and on them, therefore, a year's rent, or 2s. per acre, was payable. Of the balance of 430,172 acres, only Is. became due. From this, the con- clusion is unavoidable that £179,666 6s. accrued during the year for rent ; and to this must be added Yvhatever amount remained unpaid at the end of 1865\. We have no information as to that amount, but the previous report left the impression that it Yvas some- thing considerable. We do not think, therefore, that wc are exaggerating when YY'e estimate the total amount of rent due in 1866 at £200,000. Of this, the present report informs us, only £147,607 18s. has been paid. It would, seem therefore that some £50,000 of rent was lost or still remained overdue at the end of last year. Making an allowance for the forfeited selections, the unpaid rents would still be pretty close to £40,000. We wonder whether any enterprising speculator would pur- chase the debt at half-a-crown ia the pound 1 Had this country been colonised by a race of Hindoos, with their rigid and unalterable laws of caste, a sufficient justification might be found for the dis- like with which hiiuiigration is viewed by a portion of the wage-class ; since any great addition to the numbers of the labouring caste might be expected to lower the rate of remuneration they had been in the habit of receiving. But the constitution of society in a British colony is the very opposite of the petri- fied condition of society in India. Change and transformation are the normal laws of its existence in Aus- tralia. Not only does one class shade off into another by delicate and in- definable gradations, but there is a constant transference of the members of one rank to the rank immediately above it. No man is satisfied perma- nently to remain in the grade to which he was born ; and no man does continue in it for any length of time, provided he is endowed with health, strength, am- bition, and prudence. And to the main- tenance of this healthy progress a steady influx of immigrants is essential. To that cause, among others, America owes its greatness and prosperity. Without immigration a young country, depend- ent only upon its natural increase for the growth of its population, must either stagnate or retrograde. Production lan- guishes, enterprise declines, capital finds fewer and fewer channels for profitable investment, property becomes unsaleable, the revenue declines, the j'outh of the colony migrate to some progressive neighbour, and we witness just such a state of affairs as is pre- sented to our view in Tasmania at this very hour. The opponents of immigration who, we are willing to believe, are ac- tuated by honest but misleading mo- tives, attribute to its advocates a desire to swamp the labour market hy the importation of hands ; but such an imputation, as we shall proceed to show, is wholly unfounded. Owing to the irregularity of the supply, its want of ac- curate adjustment to the demand, the arrival of immigrant vessels at a period of the year when the demand for labour was slack, and to the absence of any wcll orgauised scheme for distributing the new comers over the surface of the colony, there have been occasions 011 which meetings of the unemployed have been held in Melbourne, and there has been a temporary glut of persons seek- ing work in this city only. But it has speedily passed away ; the complainants have been gradually absorbed hito the ranks of labour ; and the circumstance has merely demonstrated the want of an efficient system of distribution. An influx of immigrants lias never per- manently depressed the rate of wages paid either to skilled or unskilled labourers. On the contrary, these have risen and fallen in pretty close conformity with the expansion or contraction of tho stream of immigration. They were at theirmaximum froml852to 1854,when population was pouring into the colony at the rate of 90,000 souls per annum rr>, and they sank to their present lovel in 1861, when there was an excess of 9,000 departures over arrivals. Who, then, is injured by immigration ? Not the new- comers; since they earn far more than it was possible for them to do in Europe, and exchange scarcity at home for abundance in Australia. Not the people who are already settled here, since a steady supply of labour is indispensable to their welfare. All our recent legislation, both fiscal and agrarian, has been directed to two objects, the settlement of the soil and the promotion of manufactures ; with what success remains to be seen. Both these objects, however, are likely to be frus- trated unless some means are taken to meot, tim demand irhirh iinv iiirlHfMi _>_? Clopinent of manufacturing and agricul iural acüvityis likely tocreate for factory. ] operatives and husbandmen. We have been told, indeed, times out of number, that Yve have only to unlock the lands in order to attract tens of thousands of people from Europe, and to repress the .outflow of successful colonists fromVic- toria. The Amending Land Act, it is -asserted, lias been instrumental in throwing open the Yvaste lands of the . colony for settlement; but Yve see ¡nothing of the shoal of immigrants it -.was to invite, and there is no apparent . falling off in the number of those Yvho . return to UM« mother country. ^ The .charms of anfi^gricultural Arcadia arc lost alike iv/on the wealthy colonists .who ^ s',oi%aloon passages for Eng- land r»«-tho Great Britain, upon the successful storekeepers and miners who fill her second and third class berths, and upon the artisans and farm labourers at the other end of the world, who either cannot or Yvill not pay for a j .steerage ticket to Australia in a London or Liverpool liner. Perhaps familiarity breeds contempt in the case of those .who turn their backs upon cheap land and rural felicity in Victoria ; while dis- tance, instead of lending enchantment io, obscures the prospect, in the case of tlie farm hands of the southern and the .small tradesmen and artisans of the midland and northern counties of Eng- land. Canada and the United States arc invitingly near and cheaply accessible ; and Yve fear that the conversion of this country into a manufacturing and agri- cultural paradise Yvould not neutralise the disadvantages of its geographical position. Under these circumstances we must equalise the distance betYveen Great Britain and North America and Australia respectively, by artificial means. We must enable the British emigrant to reach these colonies at as little cost as he can now proceed from Liverpool to 2STew York or Halifax. And if he elects to give us the benefit of his co-operation, we must take care to provide Mm Yvith the opportunity of carrying his labour to the best market in Victoria Yvhen he arrives. By adopting such a policy Yve shall best considt his interests individu- ally, and those of the community at large. He will become a colleague, and not a competitor ; a contributor to the aggregate wealth of the colony in a larger proportion than that which he draws from the common fund for the support of himself and family. His employer will be some one, in all probability, who belonged to the wage-class but a few years previously; and the new comer may reasonably look forward to a similar rise in life a feYv years hence, when he, too, will require the services of Yvorkmen, and Yvill ac- knowledge tlie benefits of a system of immigration, by Yvhich all the strata of society are gradually elevated by a pro- cess of substructure, Yvhich, Yvhile ex- tending the basis, communicates solidity and altitude to the superincumbent mass. The Speaker's warrant appointing the Elec- tions and Qualifications Committee, was yes- terday laid on the table of tho .Legislative Assembly. The following are the names of the members constituting the committee: Messrs. Aspinall, Langton, Burtt, Bindon, Ik-eves, Dytc, and J. T. Smith. The time of the Legislative Assembly last evening was principally occupied Yvith tho consideration of the bill for amending the laws relating to public health. As only the unopposed clauses Yvere dealt with, the. busi- ness was of an unimportant and uninterest- ing character. A return of the number of inquests held in the colony of Victoria during the year 1865, was laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly lastevening. It appears that during the above period there were 1,745 inquests and adjournments, the fees for which amounted to £3,44fi, and the travelling expenses in con- nexion therewith to £715. There were 994 poit-morleim held by order of the several coroners, and the fees uaid to the surgeons for making the same amounted to £3,943. The total cost therefore of the inquests held YVOS £8,104. On the motion in the Assembly, last even- ing, for an address to Her Majesty the Queen, thanking her for the genorous recogni- tion of the claims of this colony in re- gard to its defences, Mr. M'Cann took occasion to cast a slur on the distinction con feircd upon the bon. the Treasurer, stating that he thought but little of such flimsy titles, and considered that the Treasurer, as a mem- ber of tho Liberal party, would have acted more wisely in declining the distinction con- ferred upon him. Fortunately for the credit of the Ifouse, no other member seemed to share in his sentiments, and the remarks of Sir. M'Cann were greeted with cries of "No, no," and "Shame," from all parts of the chamber. Mr. Thomas Learmonth yesterday an- nounced himself a candidate for the repre- sentation *of the South-Western Province in the Legislative Council, by handing to the returning officer at Geelong the usual nomina- tion paper and monetary deposit required hy the act. It is reported in Geelong that there is no likelihood of Mr. J. It. Hopkins con- testing the election, and that Mr. Learmonth will havo a walk over the electioneering course. The Church Assembly, yesterday, Yvas occu- pied nearly the whole time of its sitting in discussing the action of tho council of the diocese in advising the bishop to Yvithhold payment of the grant in aid, payable to the church of Wangaratta. Some resolutions, declaring the advice of the council to be illegal, were moved by the Rev. It. Potter, but it was at length resolved, in lieu of them, to adopt an amendment, proposed by the llev. Ii. Ii. p. Ilandficld, asserting that the allowance payable to Wangaratta ought not to he withheld. The assembly then adjourned until to-day. The Hon. Arthur Macalister, Chief Secre- tary of Qucenblamy-vius a passenger to Syd- ney by the Cityrbf Melbourne yesterday. Mr. Macalistcjne,'*rupt departure from Mel-' bourne is eócpnta^tcd by the state of his health, tho allans of Queensland having nothing to do with the lion, gentleman's re- turn. There were various rumours afloat in the city yesterday respecting the recent extraordinary affair of the abstraction of a number of bills from the Oriental Bank. It has been, how- ever, ascertained that the bank will not suffer beyond some small laYV expenses necessary to secure parties whose names are on the missing paper. T0 disclose more at present Yvould be to defeat the ends of justice. Payment has been already made of the amounts repre- sented by missing bills due to this date. It j»sy not be generally known that the oriental bank is one of the richest banking corporations in the Queen's dominions. The I I,corporation has decided to offer a rcwardof i £1,000 for the discovery and conviction of the 'thief. ' In the Intercolonial Exhibition, in the class of native grown timber, there are shown two planks of Victorian beech (Fagus Cun nmghaniii), one polished and the other i planed ; tlie planks are but of moderate size, but there was n difficulty in the way of ex- pense in sending down larger and better specimens of this useful timber. Those shown liad to be carried by packhorse« through a scrubby country. The Victorian beech is as i light as pine in colour and weight, and is said to be tougher and stronger. Probably if the pioposed GippsLandRailway from Melbourne should be made, this timber would be in request, for the line talked of would pass within twenty miles of an extensive beech forest, something like fifteen miles square, offering practically an unlimited supply of what will bo required. The planks shown have been presented to the Public Library by the exhibitor, Mr. Geo. W. Robinson, Hillsley, Berwick, In the matter of the general management of the Exhibition, it may be mentioned that the address of the commissioners to the exhibitors of Victoria and the contributing colonies will be issued to-morrow (Saturday), inviting them to send bome memento of the success of the present etrposilion to add to the permanent industrial museum, to be maintained within the build- ing. Some of the reports of the jurors have been received, and arc in the printers' hands. An evening concert, hythe Orpheus Union, wns given last evening at the Intercolonial Exhibition hall, and was largely attended by a fashionable audience. The programme was varied, and the music was of the best class, by Auber, Stevens, Donizetti, Dorn, Balfe, Mendelssohn, Herold, Dr. Arne, Wal- lace, Beethoven, Haydn, Shield, and last not least, two of Mr. C. E. _forslcy's "musical jokes." There were eight glees and part songs on the list, and these were faithfully given by the singers, without instrumental accompaniment, as of old it was held they should be sung. The effect was extremely good, and somewhat fresh to Melbourne ears. Miss Fanny Carandini met with a great recep- tion for her " O mio Fernando !" from "La Favorita," and the cavatina "My Mother bids me bind my hair," by Haydn. Mrs. Fox was encored in her " I'm a meny Zíngara," very archly and prettily given. The perform- ance of Mr. Gover's pupils, the oveiture to "Zampa," an'anged for violin and three piano- fortes (twelve hands) was so well played that it was encored, but except to those near the centre of the building it was not so effective as it was anticipated to be. Mr. Horsley's musical jokes on old nursery poetry elicited a call for a repeat. After the fun caused thereby had subsided, Miss Watson sang very sweetly, " Her bright smile haunts me still ;" and Mr. Angus, in good voice, gave the favourite old song, " The Wolf," with capital effect. The concert appeared to meet the taste of the general company, and all passed off quite satisfactorily. There were 3,013 persons present at the Exhibition yesterday, by far the greater num- ber of whom attended in the evening. The following arrangements have been made for the jurors to-day : -Section 25, ship and boat building, at twelve ; section 7c, resit-, gums, cotton, &c.;, at half-past two ; section 23A, chemical and philosophical instruments, at half-past two ; section 9A, ales, spirits, liquors, &c;, at three; section 12o, portmanteaus and other leathcrwork, at four ; section l8, fur- niture and decorations, at four ; section 11, porcelain, pottery, and glass, at half-past four ; section 10, sculpture, painting, &c.; We have received several letters from Daylesford, commenting on the extraor- dinary arson case which has recently excited so much interest there. As, however, the case lias been sent for trial, it would be obvi- ously impioper for us to publish any of these communications at present. We have moie than once incidentally ad- verted to a new industry which promises to establish itself (irmly amongst us, through the skill and enterprise of Mr. Fincham, the organ builder, of Richmond-road. That gen- tleman is the maker of the organ in tho Exhi- bition-building, which instrument was manu- factured throughout in three or four weeks after he received the order from the commis- sioners. The instrument constructed for the Roman Catholic Church at Dunedin, of which we gave a detailed notice at the time, was also fabricated tluoughout at Mr. Fincham's manufactory, from the casting of the metal for the pipes to the completion of the case. Mr. Fincham is at present engaged upon an oigan intended for St. John's Church, La trobe-street, which, when completed, will be the first instance in the southern hemisphere in which it has been attempted to divide an oigan into separate portions, soparated from each other by considerable intervals of space, and yet so as to place them separately or con- nectedly under tho control of the organist. In the church of San Antonio at Bologna the great organ, tho choir organ, and the swell organ are separated from each other by distances of 150ft., and arc yet capable of being played simultaneously by ono per foi mer. When the new organ was erected in Westminster Abbey several years ago, it was determined to divide the instrument in a similar manner, in order to prevent the architectural effect of the building from being marred by so large an object interrupt, ing the view of the nave. The great organ is accordingly placed on one side, the choii oigan on the opposite side, while the organist, whocommandsthewhole, sits before an instru mentrescmblinginappearanceacabinctpiano. The instrument now being constructed by Mr. Fincham is to be divided into two por- tions. The great organ is to bo placed on one side of the chancel, and the swell organ on the opposite side, while the organist is te be placed before a key-board at some distance forward in the church, between the two. Wc propose to reserve a detailed description oi tho instrument until its completion, merely adding, that the great organ is to consist oi fifteen stops, and the swell and pedal organs of nine. The price for which the construc- tion of the organ has been undertaken is fai below that at which an instrument of the same variety and compass could be im- ported. We have received the following interesting communication from Mr. Severn, assayei of the Union Batik here :-" A few day¡ back a digger, on his way to it(i\r Soutl Wales, left for my examination a sample o; metallic sand from the New Zealand coas (Southland), ne stated ' that there was an] quantity of the same material where it carat fiom.' The sample, on examination, proveí to be a valuable platinum oro, of a highl; magnetic character, and containing somi sixty or seventy per cent, of platinum Throughout the sample were to bo seer minute pieces of rough gold. Specific gravitj of ore, l-i'2. It may be interesting to state that while experimenting with the micro scope I soon found that many of the in dividual flakes possessed polarity. I car- ried the experiment further, by floating some fine pieces on a drop of water placed or a glass slide, around which was placed a fini insulated copper wire. On transmitting ; galvanic current thiough this impromptu coil the major axis of many of these little flake, at once took up a posilion at right ang1 ,'.i t< the current, and as rapidly reversed them- selves on the poles of tho battery being changed. Should there really bo plenty of ithis ore, as stated, it will prove of much com- mercial value, and add greatly to the already varied mineral products of Now Zealand!" The half-yearly meeting of the Colling Yvood, Fitzroy, and District Gas and,Coke Company was held at their offices yesterday ; Mr. Kyte presiding. The proceedings were merely formal, except that the chairman stated that the half- year's business had been good, that the profits amounted to £3,454 14s. lOd, on the half-year, which, with £737 8s. 3d. left from the preceding half-year, made up £4,192 3s. Id. with which to pay a divi- dend ; hut that in the face of a loss of £700 from a blind rivalry Yvith the City of Mel- bourne Company at the beginning of the half-year, the directors recommended a divi- dend of only ten per cent. The shareholders, however, decided that a dividend of twelve per cent., as usual, should be paid. The Collingwood Literary and Choral So- ciety enabled the inmates of the Yarra Bend Asylum to spend a most agreeable evening on Wednesday last, when the recreation-hall was filled with a large audience. The programme consisted of songs, duets, read- ings, &c.; ; and there can be no doubt that varied amusements of this kind have a most beneficial effect upon the mental and moral health of the insane. Miss Eas- down presided at the piano, and her song " Jessie's Dream ; Miss Hayward's recitation, " Build no Castles in the Air ;" and the duet, "Music and her Sister Song," by Miss Bar- stow and Mrs. M'Naught, deserve special mention. Miss P. Easdown's "Excelsior" was beautifully rendered, and " Paddle your own Canoe," by Miss Barstow, was greeted with well-merited applause. This is not the first occasion on which this promising society has visited the asylum for the purpose of as- sisting in putting into practice the views of the medical superintendent with regard to the treatment of lunatics. The annual meeting of the parishoners of Kew was held at the school-house there on Wednesday evening last. The Rev. R. Hay- ward presided. After the report and balance sheet had been read by the secretary and confirmed by the meeting, the following gentlemen were elected members of the committee :-Messrs. Bradly, Brown, Came- ron, Ilalfey, M.P. ; Lamond, J. P. ; Le Cren, Siddeley, Stephens, Snelling, Reed, Tuckett, Young, Kev. li. Hayward, SirWm. Stawell, and Dr. Ralph. Mr. C. F. Bradly was re-appointed" treasurer and secretary. After a vote of thanks had boen passed for the valuable assistance afforded to the parish by the treasurer, the Rev. R. Hayward made a few observations on the necessity of perfect unity of action and brotherly love, and the meeting separated. We observe that a complimentary dinner is to be given to Mr. Thomas Stewart, of Williamstown, previous to his departure for England. It is to be held at the Mechanics' Institute, Williamstown, on Monday, the 11th February, and the Hon. G. F. Verdon, C.B., will preside. A coi respondent informs us that a Y'ory destructive bush-fire has occurred in the western district. It broke out, it appears, on the Sisters run (Mr. Neil Black's), and from thence passed on to the Nelson run, the pro- perty of* Messrs. Tobin and Buchart. It next visited Yallock Station, belonging to the same furn ; and passed on to Mr. Tozer's station. On the Sisters and Nelson runs it SYvept all before it ; and on Yallock Station the fences and stockyards wero burned down, while the property of the free selectors on the run suffered heavily. Mr. Tobin saved his house and outhouses, his tanks and Yvater casks having a full supply of water ; but he has lost some miles of fencing, and ten thou- sand posts and rails. Mr. Tozer lost his fencing, his woolshed, and other similar improvements. Captain Eddington, of the Hopkins, was also burned out ; and a great number of small farmers lost both houses and crops. The fire is said to have been caused by a man tramping, who had kindled a fire to boil water and left it burning. In Geelong thero is but little wheat yet coming forward. Tho high price of 'labour, and the scarcity of threshing-machines in the district, have somewhat impeded operations this season. For parcels, as offered, millers arc giving from 4s. 9d. to 5s. per bushel for choice samples. Yesterday morning, as the Ballarat Even- ing Post reports, " four men, shareholders in a mining claim at Dead Horse, were brought up at tho Western Police Court, on a charge of damaging the adjoining claim, and smoking out the workmen, by lighting a fire below, on which weie piled bark, leaves, and slabs, and, according to the evidence of one witness, some tar, sulphur, and kerosene. They were all remanded, for the completing, of a propel survey of the ground, hail being taken foi three of them in two sureties of £50 each, ant' themselves in £100 ; and in the case of the fourth piisoner, a man of violent charactei named Heintz, tho amount was required te be doubled, and the sureties approved by the police." An unofficial inquest was held on the 23rd instant, at the township of Cunningham near to the sea entrance of the Gipps Land Lakes, on the body of George Richard Mus- grave, aged eleven years, who was drowned on the afternoon of the 22nd ult. Mr. James M'Lean, inspector of public works was elected to act as coroner. The boy had been bathing, and the jury found a verdict of "Accidental death." Much sympathy is felt for the boy's father, Captain Musgrave, who, it will be remembered, narrowly escaped death by starvation, when cast away on one of the Auckland Islands-from the effects of which he is still suffering. On Saturday night the Melbourne am Beechworth mail coach was upset nea: Avenel, owing to the driver, while on a siding during a blinding dust drift, applying th< break suddenly. The driver and passenger! escaped injury, but tho guard had his 'lc¡ huit by tho coach falling upon it. Lilly Maiy Dobell, aged two years, wa¡ killed at Ballarat on Wednesday, by tlu wheels of a loaded dray passing over her The driver YVUS arrested, and held to bail pending a coroner's investigation of tin case. In the Kilmore County Court, on Wednes day (as we learn from the Free Press), in i suit for £10 6s., costs incurred in a plaintiff': defence of an action for defendant at the las County Court, his Honour expressed his strom disapprobation at the manner in which tb solicitors of the court charged their clients and testified the same by striking out nearl; all the items in the hill of particulars, am giving a verdict for about half the auioiui claimed, £3 IC«. Cd. of the same being mone; lent. On Monday last a destructive fire took plao on Mr. Ferres' farm, near Seymour, by whicl four stacks of wheat, three stacks/of oats and one slack of bay were consumed, togelhc Yvith a stable, a barn, store-room, and i quantity of implements. The dwellinghous was saved with difficulty, and great effort were required to prevent the spread of th fire into the adjoining stubble-fields. Frui on trees some distance off was roasted by th heat of the fire. The Daylesford Express gives a curious in .stance of aroused conscientiousness. At íecent meeting of the members of the Bap- tist Chapel (says our contemporary) the presiding minister took occasion to make some remaiks relative to the breaking of windows in the school and chapel, when one of the youngsters at once confessed himself one of the offenders, and offered to pay his paifc of the expenses. Several otheis also confessed themselves as abettors ; and, on Sunday last, paid the amount of damage 8s. Cd._ 