SOUTH AUSTRALIA. From this colony we have advices to the 5th inst., but the news is of little interest. Details of several bush-fires are given, but they are of a mono tonous character. The Hasvest. — The talk is that the crops, so far as they have been reaped, have exceeded the most sanguine expectations of those who have given attention to the subject ; that the fact that we shall have a harvest unparalleled- for productiveness is now placed beyond all doubt ; that this will do much to ease the pressure on monetary affairs which has been felt so severely ; that the farmers ar^ sending their wheat to market, being willing to accept moderate prices : that merchants and trades men are now beginning to breathe more freely after the hard and trying season which they have passed. — S. J. Register, December 31. The Mai:biage Act. — -The talkis that theReligious Equality League liave acted wisely in not attempt ing to press a new Marriage Bill in the Parliament this session ; that a bill, which will be acceptable to all the denominations, will have to be carefully thought out and drafted ; that the Parliament can never consistently yield their right to regulate mar riages as far as the civil element is concerned in de ference to any of the sects ; that it might be possi ble to frame a bill which would recognise the claims of all ordained ministers, or ministers regularly ap pointed to the cure of souls, to perform the marriage ceremony while maintaining the authority of the State ; tliat the representatives of the various religious bodies should lay their heads together and inform the Government what would really be acceptable to them. — S.A. Register, December31. Floating Wool. — Owing to the fall in the River Murray, it has been impossible to convey the wool from the stations by menus of barges. In order to get over thi3 difficulty, Capt. Cadeii lias Suggested the idea of covering one side of the bales with a waterproof cover, and thus floating them down the river. With this view, he made an experiment at the Port on Saturday. Small tarpaulins were made of canvass, payed with a composition of tar and var nish, and being tied on some bales, they were lowered into the stream and towed by a boat, The bales drew about 7 inches of water, but it was stated they were shorter' aud thicker than the generality of bales, ©f course it remains to be seen how long the tarpaulin would remain waterproof, but Cant. Cadell suggests the use of indiarubber sheets, such as are used in the army, and which might be made to do duty several times. He also suggests the use of bullock hides as a covering to the bales. — S. A. Register, December 31. The North. — The news from the North this week says there has been no rain, and that the feed is becoming very scarce. — Register, January 5. The Boot and Shoe Trade. — A numerously attended meeting of the abovo trade was held at the Royal Hotel, Hindley-street, on Wednesday even ing, for the purpose of establishing a trade society, in consequence of certain employers having reduced the rate of wages 6s per week. It was resolved that a trade society, to be called the South Australian Boot aud Shoe Trade Protection Society, be at onco formed. A secretary and committee were ap pointed, and all present enrolled their names as members. It was also decided, in consequence of the proposed reduction, to strenuously oppose it, believing the present price to be only a fair remu neration, auu jiul exceeuing laoorers wages now giving in this colony. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the business. — S. A. Register, Janary 3. Earthquake at Buck Smiinos. — A corres pondent writes : — ' On Sunday last (30th), between half-past six o'clock and eight in the evening, this neighborhood was visited by tliirteen distinct shocks of earthquake. Some followed each other rapidly at intervals of a fewseeonds, and others at from fifteen to twenty minutes. The vibration passed from east to west, and the sound resembled a heavy waggon being driven rapidly over a bridge. On the Wednesday before there were two shocks, about four in the afternoon. I was down a well at the time, which seemed to rock for half a minute. The man at the top only heard a rumble, with very slight vibration. On both occasions the sky was free from elonds, and some singular puffs of air followed each shock.' — S. A. Register, January 5. Relic of Flinder's Exiedition. — Our readers will remember that, in August last, we published particulars of the finding of a decayed fragment of a copper tablet in the Port Lincoln district on Section No. 10. It was thought at the time that it formed part of the memorial-plate engraved in com memoration of the loss of a boat's crew belonging to Captain Flinders's expedition of 1802, off Thorny Passage, from the following words decipherable upon it : — . unfortunately from being upset he boat was found . . not recovered CA ? B This conjecture is pretty well reduced to a certainty by the words legible upon another fragment, evi dently belonging to the same tablet, which has been forwarded to us by Mr William Murray, Resident Assistant- Engineer at Port Lincoln, accompanied with the following statement : — ' ' Sir, — I beg to forward another portion of the engraved copper plate I found on the beach near my house some time since and mentioned in your paper. This seems to be in much better preservation. Strangely, this piece was found very much crumpled, about 300 yards from the sea, inside the sandhills ; it evi dently has not been exposed so long to salt water. The size of this last relic is about seven inches by five, and the letters engraved upon it are as fol lows : — E inders Comrs, 2, 1802, Master, dn. and — S'. A. Register, January 4. Blown Oct to Sea. — On Wednesday last, a sea man, belonging to the Gulnare, was going on board in a dingy, and got driven out to sea, several miles to the south of Seal Rock, by the force of the violpnt north wind which blew with great intensity during nearly the whole of that day. Unable to resist the force of the elements, his condition became exceed ingly precarious. Fortunately it was in the early part of the day, and the means of rescue -were the more readily provided. A whaleboat, mannei by Harry Lush and a crew of willing hands, voluntarily set off in pursuit, and after several hours hard pulling, fortunately succeeded in rescuing the wan derer from tho inevitable perils of his situation. — Southern Argus, January 5. | Fire near Gavler. — A very disastrous fire oc curred on New Year's Day, at Kingsford, six miles nortli-east from Gawler. It commenced on the road-side at two p.m., and nearly 2000 acres were burnt, chiefly wheat. The German settlers suffered severely. Three houses were destroyed. Mr Mac dnnald escaped miraculously with slight damage. The persons in attendance at the Methodist pic-nic at Kingsford assisted to extinguish the fire. A sec tion of wheat on the railway, near the Gawler old racecourse, was burnt the same, through childrc-n having lucifers. — Southern Argus, Jan. 5. Ir is stated that to repair the damage done by the recent inundations throughout France a sum of 50,000,000f will be required. A curious machine, worked by steam (writes the Morning Star), is now employed at a stone quarry near Marconssis (Seine-et-OLse'), for cutting paving stones. The apparatus consists of a sort of bridge extending ovej the bed of stone and provided with niil-j, earning the machine, which sets a heavy steel rammer in r.-oiion, by which the material is brokc-n ; of x'.k r-r-ji'.isite dimensions, the str-!:-;s' beiiig n'.-au In ^*ree du\\.-cti-jns. 