COUNTRY NEWS. BRAIDWOOD.—William Berriman, who was remanded at the last Braidwood criminal sessions, and who had since been a confine in the Braidwood gaol, was forwarded down t0 Sydney via the Clyde under escort yesterday morning. Orders were sent up the end of last week from the authori- ties in Sydney to release the prisoner on bail, and before the arrival of the officer, Detective Lyons, who was sent up with full instructions to the authorities on the subject, the whole proceeding was common rumour all over the town and district, and in the first house in which that officer called in town he was told of the business on which he had come, the name of the Minister of the Crown who was to be one of the prisoner's bondsmen, and the object for which he was set liberty, namely, to head a party to go after Clarke's gang. We should not now men- tion this important and delicate matter, although it has be- come the common talk, but with the view of pointing out such a glaring instance of official untrustiness somewhere. The matter is one that calls loudly for inquiry, and we point it out as especially coming, with other matters of an equally important nature that have in like manner so unaccount- ably leaked out, within the province of the Commission of Inquiry suggested at the public meeting on Thursday.— Dispatch. DUBBO.—A young man, named Thomas Ashball, a stockman in the employ of Mr. L. C. Cheetham, narrowly escaped losing his life at Garlganda. It appears he was riding a race on a bush course, and the horse—a thorough- bred—ran against a limb of a tree, and threw its rider, breaking his arm. The force of the concussion was such that it drove the animal back some yards, and killed him instantaneously. BATHURST.—The Free Press of January 17th reports :— We have to record the death of Mrs. Walker of Willerawa, under somewhat extraordinary circumstances. The lady, who had reached an advanced age, but was remarkable for her health and activity, formed one of the pleasure party who lately attended at Bowenfels, on Saturday, the 5th instant, to witness the great blasting explosion on the rail- way works. She was accompanied by her daughter, Mrs. Barton, the wife of the engineer-in-chief, and it is said re- ceived a severe fright when the explosion took place, and from that moment became seriously ill. Growing worse after being removed to her residence, medical aid was called in ; but the shock her system had received was so great that her case was pronounced hopeless, and slowly sinking, the poor lady lingered on till Thursday last, when she died at 12 o'clock noon.—The weather during Thursday (January 18th) and yesterday gave every indication of change, as masses of cloud kept congregating over head. The appear- ance has, however, up to the present time, been deceitful, for the much wanted rain holds off. We are informed that the Macquarie above Mount Tamar is perfectly dry for a dis- tance of two miles. The effect of the drought upon the maize crops on the plains is beginning to tell with great severity, but we hear that further off the crops are in a much more flourishing state. GOULBURN.—A public meeting of persons desirous of having a testimonial presented to the Rev. M. McAlroy, Catholic priest of Goulburn, was held in the large room over Mr. Rogers' furniture shop, on Wednesday evening last. The room was well filled. The chair was taken by Mr. James McGovern, and resolutions were passed in further- ance of the object. YASS.—The Courier states that at the Yass police court Jeremiah Minaghan, a settler on the Burrowa River and a married man, was charged with committing a rape upon Ann McLaughlin, a woman seventy years of age, who had been in his employ. Mr. Allman appeared for the prosecu- tion and Mr. Wilkinson for the defence. An alibi was proved, and Mr. Allman abandoned the case. It is said that proceedings for perjury will be taken against the prosecutrix.—We learn that the authorities of the Mint, after having agreed to smelt a ton of ore from the Woolgarlo Mines if forwarded to them, refused to do so when it was delivered, thus causing considerable disappointment and loss to the proprietors. Mr. Walter Renny has seen Mr. Isaacs, the hon. member for Yass Plains, on the subject, who requested him to write a letter to him stating all the particulars, which was accordingly done, but as yet no answer has been received.—The extreme dryness of the grass and of the stubble in the cultivation paddocks, ren- ders it very necessary that every precaution should be taken to prevent ignition, which would in all likelihood lead to enormous bush-fires. On Saturday last a very extensive fire was very nearly occurring at Fairyhole Creek, Yass district, owing to Mr. Alt having commenced to burn off his stubble. The fire communicated with the grass outside the paddock, and had it not been for vigorous measures it would be impossible to pay where the devastation would have ended. Mr. Zouch his had a narrow escape from being a sufferer. His crop of wheat had been cut and stocked and was waiting to be drawn in, when some heed- less juvenile sportsmen visited the paddock and commenced to discharge their fowling-pieces amongst the stubble at the birds that were gathering. Instead of using wads they had resorted to the less expensive material of paper, which of course ignited, and falling amongst the stubble it quickly caught fire. Had it not been for timely aid the whole of the wheat stocks would probable have been destroyed. Owing to some similar folly on the part of the lovers of the gun, Mr. Ledger, of the Little River, has had nearly the whole of his grass burnt. Surely the most ardent sportsmen should have some consideration for the property of others, and more so when that which is im- perilled was cultivated for human food. BOURKE - A correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch, writing on January 7th, states -The weather is exces- sively hot here. The grass is dying up fast, but no losses are expected to arise from the want of rain. Six months drought will not bring us to what we were suffering this time last year. Sheep from the lower B üoon and upper Culgoa are flocking down here every day, owing to the want of water and grass in that neighbourhood A few of the late Mr. J. G. Grenfell's old frierds presented his daughter with a considerable sum of money as a token of the esteem in which they held her father. The amount or parties names I am not at liberty to disclose. A lottery in aid of a fund to be presented to Mrs Grenfell went off very successfully ; about £60 was obtained, and handed over to the lady. WELLINGTON.- A meeting of members of the Anglican communion was held in the Court-house on Monday the 14th instant. The church accounts for 18t66 were audited, and matters connected with the stiperd fund discussed. Measures were adopted for collecting some arrears for 1865 and 1866, and propositions made for the support of the clergyman, who will visit Wellington in future. A promise was made that the new church should be ready by the 1st March next. £110 remains to be collected - Dubbo Dispatch. 1 jir Doe AN -A correspondent of tho Ihtbbo i)n; atc/i, writing on the 6lb instant, inf irms ut thit tho weat tier is frarfulî) hot and dry Jost I rid ty (ho sa)«) tho B->gtn was visited with a heavy storm of thunder and ligntning, tut very little rain Tho travelling sheep of Claik and M'Lcn) hnvo nmdo s comploto nshbed of tho rivor frontatco, ard if rain dees not seen como, I nm afraid a great many ef the residents *f this river will hnve to remove to some nore ptrnanent water Iho now mail contractor is buB) in tbo line statiormg horses, &.c With regard to tho apfOiritmcnt of a police magistrate nt Canonbar, thcro is no second question as to ono being required, and his advent I) Vu, lui! A nilli rinhnhl Mont YA- Tho JSrawitfter of the 18th contains tho itportofsn inquest on tho body of n man nam«d Rjbort Drew On Saturday, tho 12th instant, at Nerrigundah, I tforo the coroner, Mr. W S Caswell mado a post roortom (xoruinnti m aftir tho brdy bad been exhumed 1 bo chief psrticnlor« given m evidence aro »B follows Tohn Downey deposed I know deceased, and lost saw him alivo on the 7th instntit, ho was t hen In bed m tho house of one D m ild Sutherland, ho complaintd of pain in iho belly , ho was suffcrirg from great rmin , ho did not nDpcar to have hu sinstf, before bo dice! ho was nothing at tho mouth and heaving nt the chest, and in great agony, Ohvir Fattiiiioro deposed I am »n innke^ptr at Ncrrigun dab , «new deceased , on the 2Sth Dec minx lost ho carno lo my house , Donald Sutherland, storekeeper of Nerrigun- dah, was with bim , others ramo in , they all had drinks «ud api cared friendly , ono Kay called for drink« but had tot ineney to pnj for them , Kay then asked Drow for money dne to bun , Drew refu«ed to givo any , Sutherland suggested that he should give him half a crown , Drew toll him to niiud his own business Kay afrerwanís called for drinks leaving Drew out, Drew then called Sutherland a »penger Sutherland turned nnd struck Drew in too f ico , Drew fell, ho was sitting on n form at tho tune and the form and Drew fell together , I r in roncd tho counter and theref.ro c innot say how many blows passed , when I g t te Suthor land be was in a stooping position over Drew , I got him off and he walked away , all 1 heard Suthcrlau 1 say was, " I will not allsw any man to call mc a sponger Sutherland wa« sober, Drew wns muddled. Drew bled at too nose , thara was a great deal of Moodon tho fl>or Drew went eutsido and washed his fice , in about half in hour after Sutherland carno again to tho house and lpoiogised to Drew they had two or three drinks together, I WIMBI tin.» with Drew nn hour beforo tbo »ssault wasc inmittcd , ho appeared emito right in his mind beforo ho w is boaton by buthcrlanel , about min dovs, or from that t > a fortnight, Itforo the last affair, Drew was sparring w11 h a person who struck him , his nose bled then, and his cheek was cut , Drew was constantly drinking, but a small quxntity at a time, be might take, half a tumbler of spirits in tho morning, but only small quantities during tho day, novcr know him to it speechless drunk, his breath had a very offensive smell, Other «videnco was given m corroboration of tho above, 'he medical testimony given bj Dr Boot was to tho effect that from «lamination ho was unable to say, in tho absonco .f external marka of violence, whether concussion, excite «nentj or intoxication was tho canse of effusion of blood on Ibc brain A verdict of manslaughter was returned agam«t Pt&ald; Sutherland. 