LIVE FENCES It has been stated that the fences in America have cost as much as the amount of the national debt of England, and that in some parts of the country the fences cost double the value the land they enclosed. Both these assertions are in all liklehood true, for American far- mers are " tall " at fences. They know the value of them, and at times put up very expensive boundaries. Perhaps in America the farmers rather overdo it, for when the cattle and sheep arc stall-fed or foddered for many months in the year there is not that great need for protec- tion in the shape of hedges or fences. The American farmer is so fond of fencing that upon some farms where the cattle are always soiled and never allowed to roam, he still insists upon dividing his land into small paddocks and planting fences round them. We do not recommend such extravagance. Nor do we see the utility of such very small paddocks, especially grain paddocks. G-rass may and ought to be divided, for a 100 acres of grass, divided into four pad- docks ,of twenty-five acres each, will carry nearly, if not quite, twice as many head of cattle as it would with no sub- divisions. The cattle require more shel- ter than the corn in Victoria, under the present system of culture, when the grass lands are kept for grazing only, with no prospect of intrusion on the part of the plough. We will, therefore, at least in- troduce the plant which, according to re- port and past experience, has proved it- self most effective as a fence plant, not only in America, but also in a few indi- vidual cases in Victoria - the Osage orange. It appears this plant is indigenous to that part of America watered by the Orsago uiver, inhabited by the Örsage Indians, and the small fruit bears some little resemblance to our common orange. In a practical little treatise issued by Messrs. Law, Somner, and Co. last year, upon this plant, veiy plain guidance is given to those who desire to raise the plant from seed, and the most efficacious plan seems to be a-á follows :-" In August immerse the seed in tepid water for two days, after which mix the seed in about four times its bulk in sand, or wood ashes moistened, but not too wet. Spread this mixture on some sacking three or four inches thick, covered so as to exclude the light and protect it from extreme cold ; turn it over at least once in the twenty four hours to prevent fermentation, and keep the whole equally moist ; prevent the mixture from becoming too dry, and only keep up a moderate moisture. If made too wet the seed will rot. The germ will easily be observed when it is put forth, and the seed may be now sown in a properly-prepared bed, or on the line where the fence is to be. The young plants will appear in about three weeks after this, and then will require weeding. The seeds ought to be sown in drills, and a few long scarlet radish are recommended to be sown in the rows, the radish being quick growers will soon in- dicate the position of the rows, and per- mit the process of weeding to be carried on much earlier and without danger to the young plants in the drills. The ra- dishes may be used as soon as they have effected the purpose for which they were sown." The Osage orange nearly al- ways sends down a large tap-root, and in transplanting, especially on heavy soils, it is found better to shorten this tap root ; the better way to do this is while taking up the plants in the rows to put the spade (which ought to be very sharp) down obliquely and sever the tap loot about six inches beneath the surface ; this will induce a more fibrous growth of roots ; but in light sandy and our ordinary soils this root pruning is unnecessary. The line of ground to be occupied by an Osage orange fence must be weil trenched and carefully prepared, and if the bottom be wet, draining will be necessary ; a double line of plants is bet- ter than a single one, as in a thorn fence, and if the roots are cut the tops or heads of the plañís may be cut down, as we ad- vised with the " quicks," to within two inches of the crown. Should a double line be determined upon, each line should have its plants so put in that their crown should have a sloping direction in- wards. Keep the young rows free from weeds, and dig up both sides of the fence where possible every year until they be- come independent of your attention except- ing as regards pruning. As with other fences, pruning this plant demands par- ticular attention. At the first outset it has a rapid growth, and severe pruning, if carefully, performed, is insisted on for the first year or two, that the lower late raia may be encouraged and the bottom of the fence made firm and dense. This plant will soon throw out some most formidable prickles, and its vertical and deeply penetrating roots enables it to stand the severest drought. It has a wonderful tenacity of life, so much so, that the shears or hook may be applied for pruning during any season of the year. Another point in its favor is, that the leaves aro unpalatable to the cattle in consequence of a strong aromatic juice. Unlike those hedge plants usually em- ployed in this colony, and which spread their roots over a large area of land on both sides, to the great detriment of the soil and inconvenience to the owner, the Osage sends its roots perpendicularly down, and draws its subsistence from a great depth. This peculiarity fully ex- plains its ability to withstand the effects of our withering hot winds. Planting may be commenced with our first rains in April, and may be continued until September, but not later. Plants of a year old will rarely be ever six inches high, but these plants, if allowed to grow unchecked, would make a shoot of five or six feet the second season. The efficiency of the fence depends almost entirely on the management this first year. At no stage is more care required than at this. Any neglect or mismanagement at the start will be manifest throughout after years. The pamphlet we have referred to advises the pruning the second year, or one year from transplanting, to be within three inches of the ground. The shoots grown after the first cutting, made at the period of transplanting, wiU how number three or four. A second cutting may take place in the December following. During these processes the weeds should be kept down. If these prunings be care- fully performed, and not too great anxiety displayed towards preserving long shoots each time, the fence ought, at the end of the fourth year, to be a most formidable one, and will well repay all the trouble bestowed upon it. Although some Ameri- can growers boast that they can make it impervious to even a rabbit or rat, it will be quite satisfactory to our farmers, we presume, if sheep, pigs, and poultry can be kept in their proper places. Perma- nence in a fence is one of the most desirable points to obtain, and this quality the Osage orange possesses to an eminent degree. And it will also not only with- stand our hot winds, but a bush-fire is not so destructive to it as to the evergreen acacia or others possessing essential oils in their composition. A correspondent writes in 1862 from Mooroobark, " that a bush- fire at Christmas spread and ignited the dry grass in his Osage orange fence and burned the leaves of several plants, which he expected to find destroyed, but that they soon after put forth fresh foli- age, and were growing as vigorously as ever, not evincing any ill-effects from the accident. The value of the plant for fences is considerably enhanced by this proof of its power to resist the effect of bush-fires." "We have seen no evidence of disease in the plant in Victoria, although in America, we understand, that an old fence is some- times subject to a species of blight ; but we won't anticipate evil, it is time enough to combat this visitation when it appears. As a proof of what may be done with a fence which from misfortune or early bad management has become open to trespass at bottom, a grower with a bill-hook cut each plant half through at the ground, and in one season it became, as he termed it, "pig-tig at, bull-strong and horse high ;" the plants sprouted all round the crown and along the stem, thus making it perfectly close and defiant to almost every living animal. The cost per thousand of year-old plants will be this season about 20s., with a reduction, we presume, for a quantity. A mile will require, if only a single row be planted, about eight thousand, in a double row the plants may be a trifle far- ther apart, and we think that fourteen thousand will be ample. No one can grudge twelve or fourteen pounds for the material of a mile of good, beautiful, and durable fencing. For cheapness and economy the advantages for, say twenty years, are at least four to one in favour of the Osage orange as a fence in comparison with post-and-rails. "We notice that the plants of this season's growth are already advertised.-Aus ta lasian 