TELEGRAPHIC. GYMPIE. December 23. A man was shot yesterday at One Mile, in consequence of a dispute about some gold. The police captured the man who committed the deed this evening. BRISBANE. Jordan's return by a large majority is cer- tain. Business is quiet. Bowerman has been committed for trial. SYDNEY. The want of confidence motion has been negatived by a majority of four. Garrett is elected Chairman of Committees. The Government intend to re-enact the stamp duty and adjourn to January the 5th. The mail-steamer "Bombay" left Melbourne last night. The Black Swan having to undergo some temporary repairs, will miss one trip. There will be no steamer leaving Sydney for Mary- borough this week. Friday and Saturday next, being public holidays, this will be the last day for obtaining summonses in the next Small Debts Court. NEXT Friday being Christmas Day, the office of this paper will be closed until ten o'clock p.m. ; but any advertisements or other communications that may be dropped in the editor's box during the day, will meet with prompt attention at the hour mentioned. There is no rest, as a rule, for the quill-driver and his imps, but our readers will not grudge them this short respite from the pandemonium treadmill. The season is congenial to indul gence in charitable thoughts, aye, even towards Lucifer himself. We see by the extended programme of the Wide Bay Farmers' and Planters' Association that they are now in a position to offer special prizes, in addition to the amounts previously advertised, to the extent of about £25 in value. The two principal are cumulative, being offered to the first and next most successful winnrs of the ordinary prizes. We trust that the additional inducements thus offered will have the effect of arousing a corresponding degree of interest on the part of the public. A very neat addition to the business pre mises of Mr. N. S. Marks, chemist at the corner of Bazaar and Kent streets, Mary- borough, designed by Mr. Backhouse, the architect, has just been completed. It is de- signed for carrying on the bookselling and stationery business, which Mr. Marks intends to combine with that of chemist and druggist ON Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Chamberlain in- vited the friends and parents of her youthful charges to assist at a pic-nic in the Natural Paddock on the occasion of the breaking up of her school for the Christmas holidays. A large and merry gathering was the result, at which games, dancing, and other amusements were kept up until a late hour of the evening. The school prizes for proficiency and good con- duct were distributed by the Rev. G. Danvers, assisted by Mrs. Kemball. We subjoin the names of the young ladies who received prizes in the following branches of female education : — English, arithmetic, French, music, needle work, conduct and order : — Miss E. Eaton, five prizes ; Miss V. Eaton, two prizes ; Miss Thrower, two prizes ; Miss M. Bushnel, two prizes ; Miss E. Powers, two prizes ;. Miss E. Duncan, two prizes; Miss L. Nichols, two prizes. The manager of the Kilkivan Copper Mine, Mr. Smith, recently forwarded a parcel of some five hundredweight of stone from one of the reefs passing through the company's purchased ground, to the Pioneer Machine, Gympie, for a trial crushing. The report of Mr. Mackenzie, the manager of the machine, is before us, and from it we obtain the following information. No gold could be seen in the stone, but on crushing it was found to yield at the rate of 1oz. 8dwts. 6grs. to the ton, the gold very fine. The stone contained also from four to five per cent of copper, and a little silver. He liked the look of the stuff, and thought it would improve as it got deeper. Some three years ago several samples of quartz were sent from the same reef to the Sydney Mint for assay ; the return of the yield of gold was about the same, some a little more and some a little less; and the report on the stone was very similar. The proprietors of the copper mine are willing to make easy terms for the working of the reefs, and it is Mr. Smith's intention to try to float a company to purchase and set up a crushing machine and work the ground. The venture is such a promising one that he ought not to have the slightest difficulty in the mat- ter. The company have a large area of pur- chased land, through which it is believed several other good reefs besides the one tested run. There is, then, the gold, and there is the land on a secure tenure — a safer, better invest- ment seems scarcely possible. Let there be a machine erected, and we have reason to be- lieve that it will be the means of developing a vast extent of gold-bearing country in this direction The only record we have to make of busi- ness at the Police Court since our last is of a case of drunkenness, in which the offender was mulcted in a penalty of five shillings. We received last night, too late for inser- tion in the programme of the Kilkivan Races, which appears in our first column, the follow ing list of prizes : --Maiden Plate, £10 ; Dig- gers' Purse, £15 ; Kilkivan Town Plate, £10 ; Donkey Race, £5 ; Hurdle Race, £10. We are glad to learn there is likely to be plenty of entries and good sport, showing that although mining matters at Kilkivan have lately been somewhat under a cloud, there is sound vitality yet in the oldest off-shoot of the central field. The first annual exhibition of the Ipswich Agricultural and Horticultural Society took place on Thursday last, and appears to have been very successful. His Excellency Gover- nor Blackall inaugurated the show, which was so well frequented that £14 was taken in six- pences at the doors within the first half-hour. The first prize for wheat was taken by a resi- dent of Toowoomba - a fact which the Courier in its report of the show, magnanimously passes over in silence. The other exhibits were numerous and varied, and what with fossil trees, tom-cats, silkworms, blackberries (the emblem of plenty), and snakes preserved in alcohol, must have been exciting as well as interesting. The Burnett Argus appears to have taken a despondent fit ever since that memorable walk up the hill-side on Separation Day, and refuses comfort, even in the tangible form of an "auriferous discovery." It says : — "We have no important discoveries in the shape of auriferous metal, or "reefs," to make mention of this week. We are being continually told that the Burnett 'abounds in mineral wealth," but the fact of the matter is we have so often been deluded with respect to our "undeveloped wealth (?)" that we begin to fancy it is all moonshine. Time will tell. [Cheer up old man ! 'tis a long lane that has no turning, and who knows whether the aspirations after a buggy and a white hat are not on the point of being fulfilled ! — Ed. M. C.] The Northern Argus pays Maryborough a most undeserved compliment in a paragraph headed — Ferries and Bridges — which runs as follows-: — "The people of Maryborough are rather wiser in their generation than those of Rockhampton, or they are gifted with a little more spirit, for they occasionally take the extreme liberty of thinking for themselves when their own interests are concerned, although they have a mayor and aldermen. The Mary, like the Fitzroy, has no bridge, and the accommodation offered for crossing is by the inconvenient and inefficient one, as in Rockhampton, of a ferry. The Corporation of Maryborough, following the wise example set them here, determined upon having a steam ferry ; but the public, with equal determina tion, declare they will have a bridge, and they have gone practically to work in order to carry their point. They have petitioned the Legis- lative Assembly, setting forth their wants and the losses which accrue from the existing means of communication, and praying for a suitable bridge." While giving us credit for an amount of public spirit of which few of us were conscious, the Argus is somewhat hard on the Corporation. We are not aware that that body have determined either for or against a bridge as yet, if indeed they have thought about the matter at all. We (Cleveland May Express) are informed by Mr. Brown, of the firm of Brown and Sherry, contractors for the telegraphic line, who arrived in town on Thursday, that the wire is now stretched as far as Major's Creek, about thirty-six miles from Townsville. If to unforseen delay occnrs in the prosecution of the work, Mr. Brown anticipates that it will be finished early in January. Two teams came in yesterday from the camp, and left with a sufficient quantity of wire to bring the line within twelve miles of Townsville. A magisterial inquiry was held in the Court House, yesterday, touching the death of a man whose body was found by a teamster within four miles of the Diamond Hut, on the Logan Downs Run, Miclare. It appeared that the unfortunate man, whose name is not known, was travelling from the Springs towards the Cape River Diggings, and at the place noticed, had been set upon and murdered by the blacks, as numerous tracks were seen about the spot. The body was in an advanced state of decomposition. From the description given by Sergeant Brannelly, it is thought the deceased was a man lately at Mr. Small's at the Springs. Two chamois leather bags, containing in all six soverigns, one half-sovereign, and four shillings and sixpence in silver was found in the pockets of the murdered man. Both his hands were wanting, and there were various cuts and bruises on the chest and head. The inquiry was postponed for further evidence. — Port Denison Times. A very temperate and well drawn up memorial from the Northern Queensland squatters is being sent round for signature. The difficulties of their position are set forth, and remedies for the same suggested. — Cleve- land Bay Express. We ( D . D. Gazette) are sorry to learn that the late bush- fires committed sad havoc among the Higbfield farms, and fences along the range. One of our correspondents assures us that upwards of thirty miles of fencing have been destroyed in that district. C. E. ROMILLY, one of the proprietors of Phystone plantation, was out shooting in the scrub near the homestead on the 22nd Novem- ber, and raising his gun to fire at a wallaby, pulled the trigger before he was aware of the presence of two of his servants, a man named Joseph Woolly, and a woman whose name has not reached us. They were walk- ing about six er seven yards in front of Mr. Romilly, and were completely hidden by the thick vines and undergrowth of the vegeta- tion, when their employer fired. Woolly, it seems, a moment before the discharge of the gun saw the barrel pointed towards him and his companion, and made a spring forwards to avoid being covered, but before he had time to advance more than a few feet the gun exploded, and be received the greater portion of the charge, snipe shot, in his left thigh and knee ; the woman Iuckily escaped with a few grains which lodged in her right arm and leg. Both persons are recovering. — Mercury. Attempted Robbery of the Newtown Branch of the Commercial Bank. — At ten minutes past 1 o'clock this morning an attempt was made to rob the Newtown branch of the Commercial Bank. Constable Shan- non, who was on duty at the time, and was near the Wesleyan Chapel, observed a man passing through the side door to the back yard of the bank premises, which of course excited his suspicion. He came across the road and found constable Clark on the spot. They heard a noise in the yard, and saw four or five men attempting to make an escape having no doubt heard the police approach- ing. The men were also observed by the servant of Mr. Wakeham, of the Bricklayers' Arms, as well as by Mr. Hurst, a coach pro- prietor in the rear of the premises. The police watched the men for some time, be- lieving that a burglary was about to be com mitted. They disturbed them in the act of entering the back window of the bank. As the burglars were endeavoring to make their escape over the roof of the shed; Constable Clark seized one of them, whereupon he was struck by one of the ruffians with such effect as to make him let go his hold, and so they all escaped. A signal was given, and Ser geant Flaherty and constable Lee were promptly on the spot, to assist constables Shannon and Clark. They also joined in the chase, but unfortunately without success. Mr. Humphery, the manager, hearing the noise, came down armed with his revolver. He immediately gave all the assistance to the police which it was in his power to render. He subsequently went over the premises with the police, but they found everything secure, and that the burglars had not obtained any booty. The vigilance of the police on this occasion is worthy of much commendation. — S. M. Herald. 