TUESDAY, MARCH 31, 18G8. The experience of the last tAVo general elections has proved to demonstration the defects of our present electoral sys- tem. We have on former occasions shoAvn the absurd results of the returns at these elections, as compared Avith the total number of voters. In 1865 the Ministeiialists had a majority of voters in the contested seats in the propor- tion of fourteen to eleven and a half, but in the Assembly they divided as nearly as possible three to one. In 186S the ballot boxes shoAv that' the relative strength of the two parties in the country is about eight to seven, and yet the relative strength of the two parties in the Assembly remains at its old figure. It may help us to appreciate these dis- crepancies in the gross results if wo ex- amine some of the details of these con- tests, and see IIOAV far the voice of tile present Assembly can be accepted as the real exponent of the feelings of various parts of the country. We may premise that our electoral divisions are for the most part, and from the nature of the case, purely arbitrary, and might, except in a few instances, be increased or diminished or combined or divided Avitrhout disturbance to any habits of local association. We will also add, that in ' consequence of many districts having been uncontested, A\e must limit our comparison of different parts of the country to those districts in Avhich all the seats were contested, and cannot therefore render it as complete as Ave could desire. We propose, then, to take several of the constituencies in groups, and not in their narroAv electoral boundaries, but as occupying some considerable eiteut of continuous territory. Let us, for example, commence with the whole county of Bourke. That county forms I three electoral divisions, of which ^Vest Bourke returns three representatives, and the other two divisions two each. At the late election the sum of I the Ministerial voters in these three divi- sions was 2,765 j that of the Opposition voters 2,277. But Bourke returns to Parliament six supporters of i the Ministry and one member only of the Opposition. In other words, rune men of this county return six members to Parliament, and eight, of their neigh- bours 'return one. Nor is this result merely accidental ; the same thing iap pened in 1865. The numbers then vere 2,347 as against 1,992, and the propor- tion of representatives was the sanu as at present. If wo take together the whole of Bourke and the whole of Mel- bourne and its suburbs, excepting Sand- ridge, for Avhich no Ministerial cakdi date appeared, wo shall find that the Ministerial voters are 12,625 and the Opposition voters are 12,444; but the number of Ministerial supporters j in Parliament which these Ministeaal voters send is seventeen, while Ihe number of their opponent« is sevm. If Ave add to the Opposition side the 314 votes by which Hr. THOMAS was returned in Sandridge, where, as we have said, no Ministerial votes were recorded, the minority ia tliîs gieat district becomes a majority ; but the Ministerial minority of 12,625 voters returns seventeen , members, wbile the Opposition majority of 12,829 voters returns only eight. If, again, we look at Melbourne a»d its suburbs by themselves, and apart norn the surrounding country, we shall find a similar result. Again, omit- ting Sandridge, and taking together Brighton, Collingwood, last Bourke Boroughs, Emerald-hill, Melbourne East, West, and North, Richmond, St. Kilda, and Williamstown, the total number » of Ministerial j votes was 9,860 ; the total number cf Opposition votes was 10,167. Of tlitse voters the minority returned eleven members, the majority seven. In the same districts in 1805 the numbers were 8,842, and the proportion of members was ten to seven. It thusj we have carried out, on 9,269 against appears that .ather a con- siderable scale, and in a sonewhat novel form, the doctrine of the ^presentation of minorities. If, again, we combine Ballarat and Noith Grenville, we shall find that the voters were 4,389 againstö,884 ; while the members are four to ivo. ] n Gee- long andGrant the nunibejof Ministerial voters was 2,582 against Í566 ; but the Ministerial members fron) this district are seven, and of the Opposition there are none. Thus in the Balarat district a majority of 21A againt 19 returns two members to one ; and in the Gee- long district a majority of five to three ignores the minority altgether, and returns the entire immer of seven members. If we proced westward, and take together the great extent of country included in ¡Villiers and Heytesbury and Norranby, with their three boroughs of Varrnambool, Belfast, and Portland, ,ve find that the Ministerialists poUecl)l,701 votes and the Opposition candilates 1,662 ; but that this district ha contributed six members to the Ministrial benches and only one to the Oppojtion. If we omit Normanby, the nuibers for the other four electoral districs ave exactly equal, each side polling |,362 votes but the Ministerial 1,362 eturned four members and the Opposhm. 1,362 re- turned one. So, too. if we look in he opposite direction, the number ol Ministerial voters in Evelyn, Mormgton, and Gipps Land was 1,58( and the number of Opposition voters was 1,023. But in this distrit the Minis- terialists have secured foul seats and the Opposition not one. Tin), where the countiy is divided as thrj to two, the voice of the minority 5 not even heard. . \ If we compare with cacl other the returns norn these district] we shall see how little our present sy^ni regards equality of suffrage. In (pps Land district 1,5S0 voters returntour mem- bers. In Geelong district 1566 votera fail to return even one. In te manner these happy 1,5S0 Down lsters are objects of envy to the minorir of 2,277 '.n tlie Bourke district who hee but one member, to the minority ofl.,662 in the Villiers district who hav also but one member, and even to the ¿nority of 3,8S4 in the Ballarat districtvho have succeeded in returning two nembers. So, too, tte majority of 1,71 in the Villiers district returns five lembers, while more than twice that umber in the Ballarat district can only rqirn two. If, again, we compare the umbers of voters and representatives in tese dis- tricts with those in the formenlection, we shall obtain some curiousresults. In the Gipps Land district 1,03 voters returned two Ministerialists i 1865, but in the same district, 1,02 voters in 1868 have no represttative. In Villiers district, in 1865 1,505 Ministerialists had three memlrsj in the same district in 1868, 1,68 Con- stitutionalists have but one. b. Bal- larat and Grenville the voice \f the people in 1865 meant 3,402 vas, re turning five members. But ii the same district in 1868, 3,884 voteionly indicate the exceeding wickednes of a " vile faction" that has, by some ¿test- able contrivance which ought to 0 pre- vented, succeeded in returning two members. So, too, in Bourke, Í3-17 votes were the people in 1865 ; buWo years afterwards 2,277 votes wercthe faction, possessing only one-sixth olthe electoral power that a nearly equal um- ber of their neighbours had exercise^ at the former election. I The general result is, that in the <js tricts we have mentioned, namely, Ml bourne and its suburbs (except Sad ridge), Bourke, Ballarat and Grenvib, Villiers and Normanby and thir boroughs, Geelong and Grant, Gips Land, and the adjacent counties, 22,87 voters return thirty-seven members io the Assembly, and 20,579 return tji members. Thus a majority of 2,28 on the poll-a majority barely exceedi^ the number which in the Bourke dl trict returns one member-counts fi; a majority of twenty-seven in tli Assembly. "We need not now commeq on this remarkable state of facts. "W\ suppose that no one who sincerely da sires equal rights of suffrage will wisli that it should continue. It is now no longer a question of allowing a small minority to be heard. Wc have to con- sider whether in theBe great districts one-half the electors are to rule over the other half with a power equal to that of nearly four to one. It seems that we have not yet dis- posed of the balance of trade. There are still people who believe that a country can only be enriched by giving more for less-by exporting more than it receives in return. There aro others who, like a correspondent whose letter wo published yesterday, do not go so far as this, but who think that the profitableness or otherwise of foreign trade depends upon the character of the commodities exported. To export " money " is, according to this gentle- man's view, always an unprofitable proceeding; and gold being to his mind identical with money, the countiy that exports gold must trade on disadvantageous terms with other countries which export less valuable commodities. He puts his case in these words :-" In the case of two " nations trading with each other, one " nalion, say A, sells to the other nation, " say B, £100,000 worth of goods ; in " return, B is only able to sell to A " ¿£50,000 worth of goods, and is obliged " to pay the balance in money. Do they " trade on ecmally advantageous terms, " or is not A benefited to a much " greater extent by the transaction than " B1 And, again, is not Victoria much " in the same position as nation B ; " having to make up the balance of her " account Avith gold, the production of " which does not improve the country, " and costs as much to produce as it v"\ " worth?" ^i_3 NOAV there are three allegations in thi.sparagiapliAvhich are all putforward as facts, and not one of Avhich, we venture to pay, Avili prove to be so on examina- tion. Our correspondent assumes that to export gold is to conduct an unpro- ' Stable ti ade, because the production of it does not improve the country, and because gold costs as much to produce as it is Avorth. Does 'the production of coal improve a country1? Does that industry in any country in which it is pursued afford to those engaged in it tlie same amount of comforts and luxuries as gold-mining does to those engaged in it in Victoria ? Will the con- dition of the English colliers, or even of those of Pennsylvania, compare Avith that of the miners of Ballarat 1 But if the pioduction of gold does not improve a country, Avhat has built Ballarat, and even Melbourne ? HOAV is it that up to 1S52 the colony Avas in the most primi- tive condition, Avhilc in the fifteen years Avhich have since elapsed, large tOAvns have sprung into existence, real property worth some £100,000,000 has been created, and some £20,000,000 have been spent upon public Avorks alone? - If the production of gold does not improve a country, Avili " a Bourke " street Draper " be good enough to. explain from Avhat source this Arast capital has sprung? According to his OAvn theory, it cannot have been im- ported, for if it had our imports Avould have exceeded our exports in a far greater degree than they actually have done. If, therefore, it has been created in the colony, from Avhat source can it have been derived, if not from our mines of gold? Our correspondent's first fact, that the production of gold does not improve a countiy, is pretty effectually disposed of by these considerations. But gold " costs as much to produce " as it is Avorth." This is fact the second. Where is the proof 1 What in- dustry is there of Avhich those engaged in it Avould not say the same thing?. Is there a single shoemaker AA-IIO charges ' tAventy-fiA'e or thirty shillings for a pair of boots, who Avould not insist that they cost that amount to produce 1, And again Ave must ask, where is the dif- ference betAveen gold and coal, iron, coin, or cotton, or any other goods in Avhich nations deal ? Why, but a day or two since, Ave published part of a re- port from the British Consul at Phila- delphia, on the trade in petroleum, from Avhich it appears that the price of that article leaves no profit. Yet our correspondent would have us believe that it is profitable to America to send us kerosene, but it is not pro- '. fitable to us to send America gold in - return. But our former argument is also a conclusive method of meeting this allegation. If the Avorth of all the gold v.* Avhich has been raised in Victoria has %,', been consumed in the raising of it, AAheie did the ten millions of money ., Avhich have been spent in and about ' . Ballarat in permanent buildings and im- provements come from? and from whence the many millions more spent in a similar Avay throughout the colony ? These two "facts," then, proving to be fictions, Avherc is the proof that the , export of gold is less adA- antageous than that of coal, cotton, or kerosene % \ Our correspondent makes a distinctiori - which is purely aibitrary between - - - " goods " and " gold ; " Ave allege that theie is no real distinction at all. Gold is " goods " to Victoria just as much as coal is " goods " to England, or kero- sene to America ; that is to say, all three are the produce of labour, and all three have an exchangeable value be- yond the country in Avhich they are pro- duced. A " Bourke-street ..Draper " may think that PROVIDENCE was less kind to this colony in endoAving it with gold than Ile was to England and Ame- rica in giving them coal and oil; but un- * t less he can shoAV that for a day's work the Ballarat miner gets less of the necessaries of life than a NeAvcastle collier or a Pennsylvanian oilman does for a similar amount of labour, he will have failed to justify his discontent with the manner in Avhich the bounties of nature have been distributed. There is yet another way of exhibiting the absurdity of our correspondent's idea of foreign trade. Take his own illustra- tion :-A exports to B £100,000 worth, of goods. B, in payment, exports to A £50,000 in goods and £50,000 inmoney. Our correspondent insists that A must., be the greater gainer by this. Again, Ave ask, where is the proof ? Supposing the banks of both countries are in the condition in which those of this colony are at the present time-that is, with more coin than they can employ-will it be more advantageous to A to be paid in that of which it has already au excess, than it is to B to part with soma of ita surplus cash for goods which it can £." once turn to profitable account! What, then, becomes of our correspon cWsthird "-fact?" It is marvellous that in this latter b\lf of the nineteenth century, such v^ws of trade should still prevail The pneess of exchange is so simple that evta the children in our common sclools aro taught and can explain it. ' Bui if the theory is not generally^. un¿erstoodj one would think that tho ** prajtico would be intelligible enough. If yictoria exports £10,000,000 in goois of all-kinds, including gold and coin, valued before they are put on boajd ship, and, after the lapse of timo necessary for a voyage to Europe and bael, she imports only £9,000,000 in goods of all kinds, including gold and coin, valued at the port of shipment, with ten per cent, added-for that is tho metllod of our Custoin-house-how can she he richer by the transaction ? Why, the hare interest on the cost of the ex- ports Avould, at ten per cent., amount to £500,000 ; yet this, according to the proteccionista, is lost to the exporter; mor does he get any profit, but at last ireceives a consignment which is not worth as much as that which he sent away six months before. If it is not apparent to our correspondent that trade could not be carried on in this way for a year, surely he should be content with the fact that it is not carried on so in any country. In pro- tectionist America and free-trade Eng- land, and in France, which is partly both, the imports steadily-exceed the ,-C xports ; and in a statistical work by an ¡J nerican author, DE BON, the imports lil exports of the world are given in Ltbular form, and, strange to say, the imports of the whole world exceed the exports ! We are afraid that this will utterly bewilder some of those who believe in giving moro for less ; but when looked at carefully it is only a concise mode of stating the fact, that goods are woçth more at the port of discharge than they are at the port of shipment. If they were not, how would merchants and shipowners get their bread 1 Parliament meets to-day at two o'clock, but it is undci stood that as Mr, Riddell has not finished his negotiations, a message will be received norn His Excellency the Gover- nor postponing the formal opening of Parlia- ment for another week. Our Sydney telegrams indicate that the Galatea is likely to make an early departure norn that port direct to England. Her coal is now on board, her sails are bent, and the probability of accomplishing the passage in sixty days is spoken of. Possibly the Galatea and her Royal captain will only now wait for the arrival of the Panama mail. Among the many pleasant souvenirs that the Duke of Edinburgh will carry away with bim, and which, let us hope, will act in some degree as a counterpoise to the outrago which has unhappily pre- cipitated his return, is an album of origi- nal diawings by Mr. N. Chevalier, made by him during his tour with the Duke in Tasmania, and which illustrate a good many of the episodes that occurred in the course of his progress through that beautiful island. They aro executed in pen and ink, in that raro crisp style of which Mr. Chevalier is such a master, and they are all of a highly humorous character. They have been mounted in an elegant album, made for the purpose, and they were forwarded to the Duke yesterday. Mr. Chevalier prepared a similar album, it will be remembered, of his tour with the Duke in the Western District -of Victoria. Up to the hour at which wc went to press this morning, the Tarama, with the New Zealand mails, the Derwent, with the Tas- manian mails, and the City of Adelaide, with the supplementary mail from Sydney, had not arrived. A strong head wind-north- westerly-prevailed outsido the Heads. Yesterday, the last of the frontages to Collins-street, on the site of the Western market, was lot to Mr. Septimus Martin by the corporation, at a rental of £10 per annum on a twenty-ono years' lease. There appears to be some strange mystery about the precise action taken by the health officer and the mayor in the matter of the . damaged rice alleged to have been seized and condëmnod the other day. Wo have re- ceived a letter from Messrs. Crisp and Leivis, on ll-ehalf of Mr. Andrew Rowan, denying point blank that the rice in question has ever been condemned, and stating that, so far from that being the case, this vory rice has been and still is being disposed of "with the sanction of tho authorities." As we received our in- formation on what we believed to be the very best authority, we aie naturally somewhat staggçred by this assertion, and shall at once institute- ronewed inquiries into the affair, with the view of laying the whole of the facts before the public. Either the corpora- tion officors bavo been playing fast and loose with the public interest in this matter, or Mr. Andrew Rowan is a very ill-used person. Last night a meeting was held at the Studley Arms Hotel, Collingwood, to con- sider the present crisis. There was a largo .attendance, and the mayor (Mr. Baynham) occupied the chair. The meeting was some- what noisy and uproarious, and Mr. kG. Rushall, who interrupted one or two of the speakers by asking questions, received a somewhat severe handling. He was dragged from the table in a very violent manner, and put out ; but, with the ir- repressible vigour of a Constitutionalist, ho -áoon re-appeared with his coat torn to shreds. Resolutions denouncing the interference of the Duke of Buckingham, asserting the "rights" of the Assembly, and calling upon the constituencies, in the case of a general election, to return members free of expense, wore proposed. An amendment, requesting the Assembly and Council to pass tho Darling grant in a separate bill, in deference to the expression of opinion by the electors, was proposed by Mr. Harker, and received the favour of about 100 supporters. The original resolutions were* carried by a considerable majority. Mr. Pascoe, the town-clerk and surveyor of the Borough of Echuca, has, according to the Eivcrinc Herald, been appointed to tho office of chief clerk of the Victorian Water Supply department. There is, we believe, some doubt as to Mr, Pascoc's accepting the appointment, The mayor of Fitzroy, Councillor Michael, J.P., accompanied by Councillors Rushall, Howe, 'and Scotchmer, and tho town clerk, waited yesterday afternoon onHisExceUency the Governor, to present to him, for trans- mission, the addresses of the Fitzroy Council to Her Majesty the Queen, and, to H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, expressing its indig- nation [at the recent dastardly attempt to assassinate His Royal Highness. The mayor took the opportunity of presenting, at tho same time, copies of the resolutions unani- mously adopted at a public meeting of the bur- gesses recently held at the Fitzroy Court- house. His Excellency intimated his willingness to transmit by the first opportunity the addresses handed'to him, and expressed his satisfaction with tho universal manifestations of loyalty and "sympathy on tho part of tho colonists of Victoria with Her Majesty and His Royal Highness, in connexion with the recent unfortunate event at Sytlhey. Regarding the resolutions, the Governor ' stated that the only way of approaching Her Majesty is by address, which is laid at the foot of the Throne. Under tho exceptional cir- cumstances, however, His Excelloncy said he would endeavour to persuado the Secretary foi the Colonies to depart from tho strict Cour; rule, with a view of demonstrating to He" Majesty the universal feeling of true loyal!; ~ud admiration of His Royal Highness thit jÇ^nimated every section of the colonists of Vi ' «ria. The deputation withdrew, after thane ing His Excellency for his very courteous E . ception. A deputation from the Richmold Council, consisting of the mayor, Dr. John- ston, Councillor Bosisto, and Councilor Harcourt, M.L.A., and tho town cleik, waited on His Excellency with the sano object as the Fitzroy deputation, and were ic ?corded an equally courteous reception. Tho two condemned men, Cunninghim and Whelan, have, it is understood, under the almost unceasing attention of the clorgy men attending them, been brought to a sonso of their awful situation. The execution is ?arranged to toko place this morning at the usual hour, and strictly under tho Private Executions Act, Wo learn by telegram from Point Lons I dale thal two of the bodies o£ the men re- cently drowned have been washed ashore. One of them was that o£ AArilliam Blunt. It was fearfully decomposed. The other body was that of Itandoll, the diver. It could only be recognised by the apparel, Inquests were held yesterday on the bodies. Tho present condition of the new publie garden behind the Treasury, exemplifies in a sinking manner the power of human labour and skill to subdue natural obstacles. A year since the site of this garden was a howling wilderness ; now it is a beautiful pleasure ground, abounling in proniiso of yet greater beauly at an early date. Having passed through the oideal of its first summer un- scathed, the gu-den may now be considered fully establishel ; and the time has como for congratulating Mr. Hodgkinson upon the marked success which he has achieved in this the latest ¡xcrcisc of his skill as a land- scape gardener. So far as the visitor to the gai dens can di cover, there has not been a single failure anong the many thousands of trees and shrubsihatwere put into the garden. Tlioy weie all mrofully sheltered in the be- ginning, accordbg to their several require- ments, and ha'ing been copiously watered and otherwise ended ever since, they havo all survived the ¡larc of the summer sun and the assaults of the hot winds, while some havo grown in ai astonishing manner. Ex- cept tho oaks aid elms, none of the young tiees appeared li suffer from the recent pro- tracted drought, iud these were not much the worse. As to tin poplars, willows, and pinesi they giew and ilurished through it all. Of the smaller plaits, the pittosporums have been signally succssful, and when they have gained a little bight they will form a pretty feature in the landscape. Alsitors to the Treasury-garden ivill have their apprehen- sion of its bcaules heightened if they reflect that only a fewshort months since it was an unsightly and 11 but impassable rubbish heap, without aiy other ornamentation than a liberal sprinling of broken bottles and empty lobster tis. A corresponded wishes to know whether the Ballway autorities intend to issue cheap excursion tickes at Easter. AVe have no information on he subject. A special gencal meeting of the Maritime and General Cedifc Company of Australia, Limited, was bid yesterday at the offices, 81 Swanston-stect, for the purpose of re- ceiving the liqildator's accounts and state- ment of the mnner in which the company had been woun up and re-organised. Mr. Pirani, the liqidator, in submitting the ac- count and balace-sheets, duly certified by Mr. J. K. Powpublic accountant, congratu- lated tho sharaolders on the successful re- construction o the company, carried out with the vie\ of making the nominal value of tin shares £10 each instead of £30, as figinally, and empowering the company tact as executors, trustees, at- torneys, agentsimd guarantees in contracts. Ho explained ¡hat the company was pro- sperously cstalishcd anew under the style of " The Maritim General Credit and Discount Company, Linted," with a capital of £100,000 in 10,000 shan of £10 each ; and that during the process of inding up, the company's busi- ness bad cxpdenced neither cessation nor change. On io motion of Mr. Ford, se- conded by MiCumming, the steps taken by the liquidatoin winding up tho company, and the accouls submitted by him, were ap- proved. A Ate of thanks was also passed to the Liquid at', for the able and efficient manner in wich he had discharged his duties, and a siinila compliment was paid to the chairman an directors. The Albio Turf Subscription-room was open last evring, and there was a fair attend- ance of mcbers. The Maribyrnong stud distribution emed to be the principal theme amongst tha who met together, and except in double ed treble events, the Randwick events Aven scarcely in the market. It seemed, hoover, as if current prices had bottled dow for the present at 4 to 1 agst Tim AA'hifllc 7 to 1 agst Fireworks, 8 to 1 agst Barb.md the other horses at outside figures. Ta Heidelberg Races on Saturday were slighv touched upon ; 50 to 5 was offered ag> naming the winners of the Handicap ad the Steeplechase. The anaal mooting of the Melbourne Presbytcria Young Men's Association took place lastivening, in the Temperance-hall, Iîussell-stet. Mr. James Maclîain was in the chair Speeches were delivered by the Itevs. - tobertson, J. W. Inglis, C. Moir, and A. MKamsay. In the intervals between the speecJs the choir, under the direction of Mr. C. AJonaldson, entertained the com- pany wit some choice selections of songs and piece The Misses Shier and Finlay pre- sided at le piano. Most ollie business transacted at the weekly meeting f the City Council yesterday was of a routincharacter. Some of the proceedings, howeve possess a certain interest for the pub- lic. Conilaintshavebeenmadeof the nuisance caused f the keeping of pigs by a resident in Little Ollms-strcet west, and a resolution, authoring the health officer to prosecute at onco a' persons who may be discovered keepin pigs on premises in town, was agreedto. The health officer had also called iltcntion to the holding of horse maikö in the city, and the consequent dangcand annoyance to the public arising from te driving of untamed horses through the sleets ; and it was resolved that all pcrsoe so driving untamed horses, should in futre be prosecuted. With tho view, how cveiof affording accommodation for the sale of Use animals, the Market Committee wore insticted to prepare conditions under which porbns of the market land at tho junction of to Sydney and Mount Alexander roads migtbe rented for the erection of market builings for twenty-one years. Irthe Prothonotary's office yestorday, there Averjonly nine petitions (by civil servants) filenip to two o'clock, and only one judg rner signed in favour of a suppliant, a credi- tor n contract. I: the Supremo Court yesterday, an attach met was granted against tho defendant in th( Ballan Shire Council v. Partridge, for no-payment of coats of an appeal. In Dmldson v. tho Otago Steamship Company, th' defendants sought to reduce the verdict gicn for plaintiff from £587 to £13. Tho arion was for goods supplied to the steamers Suth Australian and Albion ; but the de fHdants denied their liability, on the ground fiat the South Australian did not belong to Jicra, but that they were only agents for her. Judgment was reserved. In the arbi- tration of Virgoe v. Timewell, tho plaintiff consented to a reduction of £607, in an aAvard given in his favour by the arbi- trators. Yesterday an application was made to Mr. Justico Molesworth, in chambers, to dissolve an attachment against J. C. Duncan, a share- holder in the Submarine Boat Company, for non-payment of £5 contribution. Duncan alleged that ho was a minor-being only nineteen years of age-and that ho was in- duced by a schoolmaster to take his shares to " float " the company, which had since been wound-up. On Thursday last, ho was given over to the custody of the sheriff for non-pay- ment of contributions. His Honour thought he should pay tho costs already incurred, as it was through his -own neglect that his name was allowed to appear on the list of contribu tories ; on payment of costs the attachment to bo dissolved, otherwise ho would not bo released from custody till 23rd April. In tho County Court yesterday, in Suther- land v. Coleman, there was a sort of re-hear- ing of a caso Avhich had been previously de- cided in tlie District Police-court, on which occasion tho full particulars woro published. Tho evidence was conflicting throughout, as to almost every fact or allegation, tho only exception being that tho plaintiff had at some time williin the limits of half-past eleven at night and half-past one o'clock on the morn- ing of the 26th or 27th January, been in Tattersall^ Hotel, of which defendant was a joint proprietor. As in the Court below, plaintiff swore she was invited to enter and drink, but was subsequently turned out, in the course of which process one of her ankles was jammed be tween the door and doorpost, and injured. Mr. Gillbec, a witness called by plaintiff, staled that he found her suffering from a sprained ankle, but the injury could not have been caused in the way stuted by plaintiff; it might" havo been caused by falling awkwardly. Plaintiff was in some measure corroborated by her witness, Miss Elizabeth Mortimer, but contradicted point blank by her as to the lime when they met on that Sunday, plaintiff fixing their meeting at four p.m., and Miss Mortimer at between ten and cloven p.m. There was also a conflict of evidence as to the time when the affair occurred, plaintiff putting it as happening between eleven and twelve on Sunday night ; defendant and his witnesses stating that it was between one and two on Monday morning. Plaintiff and Miss Mor- timer swore they were pushed out ; the other side swore both women were drunk, and that they went out when (without violence) pressed to go out by the barman. It seemed by the course of cross-examination, that if the house was not exclusively frequented by virtuous people, plaintiff and her female wit- ness would not bo far out of place there, although they were considered de Irop on this occasion. The learned judge held, on mo- tion of counsel for defendant, that as the case had been tried and adjudicated upon by a court of competent jurisdiction, when the case was dismissed, ho was bound to nonsuit ; but gave leave to move for a new trial. In the Insolvent Court, the chief business was an examination of insolvent l^rancis David Gessner, late of Collins-street, tobacco- nist. The inquiry was chiefly as to accounts of insolvent's business. Ho liad been ordered to furnish accounts, which had not been filed in a form and with fulness to satisfy the assignee and the opposing creditors. The meeting was further adjourned to April 22. The Bench at the City Court was occupied for a long time yesterday, by the hearing of a case in which Detective Black was charged with using to Isaac Coleman, one of the land- lords of the Casino, language calculated to provoke a breach of the peace. The language in question, as stated hy the complainant, was that he (Black) " had lagged many a better man than Coleman, and would lag him ;" also, that he " never said it without he did it," and other expressions of a similar tendency. Black admitted having said in reply to some offensive letuaiks fiom Coleman, that if he did not take care he would lag him, as he had many a better man. The principal contention was as to the manner in which the words were used, which party gave the provocation, and also as to whether disgraceful expressions were used by tho detective. In the course of the evidence a statement was made by Coleman that he knew for a fact that when his father kept the Royal George Hotel, Bourke-street, he used to pay Black a weekly salary varying from £2 to £5, " according to circumstances, when anything was going on." In giving their opinion on the case, the Bench re-" marked that the evidence for the prosecution must be received with "considerable care," and that, taking all the statements into con sideiation, they did not think that anythitu; had been proved to justify the prosecution, The case was dismissed, with costs. In re- ference to the statement made by Coleman as to his father having been in the habit of paying Black a "salary" when he kept the Royal George Hotel, it is only just to Detective Black to state that an examination into this matter was conducted, subsequently to tho conclusion of the case, before Superintendent Nicolson and Inspector Kabat. By permission of the police magistrate a messenger was sent to Tattersall's Hotel to ask the elder Coleman to come down to the Court-house to see the police officers. It was remarked during the hearing of tho case, that immediately upon a close inquiry being made of Coleman as to the particulars of this payment of monoy by his father, one Barney Thompson, a brother of one of the landlords of the Casino, left the court hurriedly. The icason for this was seen when the messenger went to fetch the elder Coleman, as on the latter leaving, ono of the party with whom he had been in close conversation, gavo him tho audible reminder to "remember Black and the money." Being questioned by Mr. Nicol- son, he declared that he had on one occasion given Black £2. He afterwards said that it had been given through his son, and thaj; other sums of monoy had also beon given by his son to Black. The general effect of his statements, hesitating and uncertain as they were in themselves, and conflicting as they were with the evidence of his son, was to totally discredit in tho estimation of the officers of police, the assertions which liad been mado against the detective iu this respect. A daring attempt was mado last night to break into the premises of Mr. Heymanson, at the corner of Flinders-lane and Elizabeth street. Detectives Hannan and Christie saw a well-known person, named John Briely, alias William Lee, in that neighbourhood, about nine o'clock, and as he carried a ladder they watched him. He mado his way to the roof, the corrugated iron of which ho prized upwitha "jemmy," and let himself in. When pounced upon he was in the act of rummaging the place, having at the same timo a bunch of skeleton keys in his possession. He has only recently been liberated from gaol. A day or two ago, a poor fellow named Chisholm, by trade a painter, but afflicted with heart disease, and who has latterly endeavoured to earn a living as a gardener, suddenly dropped down dead, in Punt-road, South Yarra. Tho Hon. Mr. Fellows was passing at the moment, and raised him, but the poor feUow was beyond human help. Inquiiy showed that he had loft a wife and family quito destitute. Mr. 'Fellows at once subscribed a couplo of guineas for their benefit; and yesterday, "under the ve- randa!" in Collins-street, Councillor Fenwick and a few others obtained, in half-crown contributions, a sum of over £20, which was handed to Mrs. Chisholm yesterday after- noon. ! Iho' man Patrick Chamberlain, charged with committing an indecent assault on a little girl, seven years of ago, named Ellen M'Mullen, and also with having, on tho loth January, attempted to commit a capital assault on Rhoda Davis, at Drysdale, was again brougit up at tho Geelong Polico-court yester- day, when evidence was taken to prove the latter'charge. The prosocutrix would not swcarlpositively to his identity, but a witness namci Allen identified the prisoner as a man whom ho had seen near Drysdalo a short timo aftcrlthe offence was committed. Allon taxedj him with it, upon which the pri- soner took to his beela. The prisoner was remarked until Wednesday next. Emma Bunnin, a loose woman, was charged with robbeiy in a brothel. The evidence not beingl conclusive, she was dismissed. When arrested a labour-office form was found on her person, by which it appeared she was engaged as a "general useful girl," to pro- ceed up the country to tho house of a gentltman at Colac. Sorie excellent fly-fishing has recently been obtained at Fyan's Ford, near the falls in the liver Barwon. The herring rise very freely. Thl notice of the Prahran Borough Council of their intention to sit in committco on Monoay ovening, for tho purpose of taking I evidence on the relative merits ot hand broken and machine-broken metal, drew a rather nuir-eious attendance, amongst whom were a few persons who appeared to have an inclination to pick some amusement out of the proceedings, but were promptly reminded that such conduct would not be tolerated. The business was commenced by tho town clerk reading a batch of testimonials for- warded by Mr. E. Chambers, in favour of his machinc-biokcn meta), a process which occu- pied a considerable time. Mr. Samuel AVillis made a statement, showing that, in a trial of the two metals in Chapel-street, the result was decidedly in favour of handbroken metal ; but the proceedings were generally of a desul- tory nature. Commenting on the case of the man M'Grath, who was lately dismissed from the situation of wardsman at Deniliquin Gaol, the Pastora/ Times says:-"H the Govern- ment only knew what rascally things are done in Deniliquin, in the name of law and justice, the most torpid Executive, having any regard to its character, would make a sweep of at least one-half of our local officials." No information,'we regret to observe, has yet been' obtained of the woman-Mrs. Ross -who is missing from Rosedale. The police aro engaged in a final attempt, assisted by black trackeis, to trace the unfortunate wanderer. Thomas Cox, who sustained a gun-shot wound accidentally while in search of ducks on the backwater, near Rosedale, a few days ago, died of lock-jaw, in the Gipps Land Hospital, on Sunday last. Some of the settlers in the Western Dis- trict complain most grievously of the ravages of the cockatoos in their potato fields. Small fish have been seen from time to time in largo numbers in a stream which Hows out of Lako Colac, hitherto supposed to be tenantless. It is not stated of what species these fish were. The Colac Observer has been shown some specimens of the products of a new industry in the ncighbouihood of Colac, iii the shape of caps made from the skins of indigenous animals. The enterprise is in the hands of Mr. E. T. Monroe. "We have been requested by Mr. Nolan,'' says the Bendigo Independent, "to publish the following letter. It w11 be seen from it that Mr. Nolan appears determined to have the matter investigated :-' Huntly, 28th March, 1808. Sir,-I beg to refer you to my letter of the 19thhist,, in whichlstated that a charge was made against me by one of the Sandhurst journals of having made use of dis- loyal expressions, which I denied, I am cruelly wronged, and most anxious to clear myself, and will thcreforo feel obliged if you will at oiicc instruct some magistrate or magistrates to investigate the matter.-1 have the honour to remain, Sir, your obedient ser- vant, J. B. NOLAN.-The lion, the Minister of Justice.' " An accident of a serious nature took place on Wednesday last, at the AVelcome claim, Maiden-hill, Majorca, where the whim being out of order, two men named AV. Allatt and J. D. Love went up to set it to rights ; but unfortunately Allatt took off the plate that fastened the spindle to the span beam, and immediately the whim fell over, carrying willi it the two men. Love was thrown right away from the machinery, and escaped with a few bruises and the loss of the heel of one of his boots, which was torn off ; but poor Allatt had his left bhoulder dislocated, and a deep cut made on the same side into the abdomen, besides several contusions. We îegiet to add that the poor fellow is in straitened circumstances, and has a large family dependent on him for support. The Bendigo Advertiser is responsible for the following :-"A statement of a serious nature has recently been made, to the effect that there were not funds enough in England to supplement the immigration warrants issued in this colony. This allegation has proved to be true, but we are glad to bo able to state that the Treasurer forwarded money by the December mail, which would arrive in lebruary. It is stated that such steps have been taken as will render a recurrence of the evil impossible." "A singular phenomenon was observed last evening, some timo before and after sunset," says the Jlivcrinc Herald of Monday. "An immense white arch, resembling a rainbow in all but the colour, spanned the western heavens. It was visible after dark, and faded gradually away." "Wo havo just been furnished," reports the Gipps JLand 'Times, "with a narrative of the sufferings experienced by two ladies who were lost in the bush, on Thursday night, between Bairnsdale and Stratford. Thoy Avcre driving a light conveyance, and left Mrs. Latham's, at Sandy Creek, about six o'clock, intending, if possible, to reach Strat- ford in reasonable lime. The night was, however, dark and stormy, and as a number of bush-fires had been lighted for the pur- pose of burning timber off the land, the horso wandered from the beaton track, and the fair travellers got benighted. Finding that all attempts to regain the road were fruitless, they fastened the horso up to a tree, camped for the night, and wished for the morning. Of course thoy had no idea of sleeping, but the misery they encountered was more of a mental than of a physical nature, as there was nothing save the kanga- ' roo and opossum to disturb their rather un- pleasant retirement. AA'hen tho day broke, they succeeded in finding the track, and in an hour's smart travelling, reached Mr. Dickens's Shakespeare Hotel, where the worthy host administered those comforts which Avcre necessary to their recovery after a night's ex- posure lo tho equinoctial storm. Under the kind treatment of Mr. Dickens, they soon regained their wonted cheorfulness, but havo resolved never again to venture on a journey through the bush after nightfall." ' "AVe haA'c been for some time searching for a clergyman for Deniliquin," says the Pastoral Times, " and some ministers have looked in upon us hero. Ono of these clergy- men gave a curious reason for declining the cure, which ho did on the plea that the devil had already one foot in Deniliquin-that it was a very bad place. We thought that any clergyman, having a proper view of his duty, would haA'c preferred a soil Uko this (always premising that only 60 per cent, of .tho old gentleman in black had been deposited here). Wo well remember an anecdote conuectod with tho Rov. Chas. Wesley (tho evangelical John Wesley's brother), who, in passing a public-house, was struck Avith somo very fino music which ho had heard in the inn. Ho got off his horse, saying, ' The devil shall nothaA'O all the fine music to himself,'and the Rev. Chas. Wesley immediately wrote a hymn to tho tuno which so caught his ear. Tho rev. gentleman who was afraid . of Deniliquin euro has surely mistaken his calling, and would Uko his salt without earning it. If, however, Satan has only one foot in Deniliquin, it behoves tho Church of England people hero to try and stop his dark majesty from getting in a second foot." " A coso of assault came boforo Mr. Clis- sold on Friday," says tho Ballarat Star, " which afforded no small amusement to the crowd of loungers whoso business appears to be to watch the duo administration of the law at the polico-conrt. Tho plaintiff was a Mrs. M'Inerny-Irish, of course-'fat, fair, and forty.' if not fifty, and hailing imme- diately from Warrenheip. Tho defondant, it is lo bo regretted for the sako of tho pro- verbial gaUantry of the nation to tho ladies, was also an Hibernian, and not a bad speci- men cither. Mr, Finn conducted tho case for the injured lady,-Mr. Walsh doing tho Uko office for tho defendant. Mrs. M'Inerny gave a A'cry fccUng account of the onslaught made on her person, tho damage dono to which, together with her injured fceUngs, she esti mated at £10. The defendant was her cousin, and held a 'praty' garden from her. She had kids, that prolific source of squabbling. They, like others, wore inclined to roam. They in this instance got into the defendant's garden, were followed by the plaintiff, whose incursion was not relished by the defendant, and hence the difference of opinion which led to the alleged assault, the description of which, as detailed by tho plaintiff, was ludicrous in the extreme, and convulsed the whole court. Tho defendant gave his version of the affair. Tho lady had obtruded her pre- sence not only into his garden but into his house, and aggravated him to that degree that he lifted her bodily but carefully, and placed her lying on her back on the road. He did this, ho stated, in a manner that would ' not hurt a mosquito.' The plaintiff listened patiently, but evidently with a powerful effort suppressing her wrath until he had arrived at this, when she could contain herself no longer, and she uttered an exclamation, upon which her husband, who was by, gave her a whack with his hat on the side of the head, which had the effect of setting the whole court in a roar, upsetting even the equanimity of the magistrate on the bench. Mr. Finn then took the lady and conducted her out of court, very much against her will. The case theil proceeded, and it was further stated that the plaintiff lind broken the gate, smashed the palings, and threw them tit the defendant. The plaintiff in the meantime had again found her way into the court, and protested to 'His Lordship,'as she-styled the magistrate, that it was all false. After the usual swear- ing in such cases had been patiently listened to, his worship inflicted a nominal fine, and the plaintiff left the precincts of tho court in triumph." "The Pilot," a nautical drama, founded on James Fennimorc Cooper's well-known novel of that name, was revived last night at the Theatre Royal, where it was first produced some three years ago. Tho play has no pre- tensions whatever to dramatic merit, and it no doubt owes its popularity to the good scenic effects which usually accompany it, as well as a certain amount of interest always felt in the traditional British tar of the old school, as depicted by Dibdin and poitrnyed by T. P. Cooke-of which Long Tom Coffin is a very fair specimen. The broad caricature of the Americans, which forms so strong an clement in the piece, is also not generally unacceptable to English audiences, and the frequent appeals to their patriotism never fail to animate a portion of the house. The drama is excellently put upon the stage at the Royal, and the view of the Ariel, storm-tossed among the shoals, waa extremely well managed. Mr. Vincent made up admirably for Long Tom Coffin, and did as much with the part as could reasonably ho expected of him. He was very, effective in the scene in which the half-drowned sailor describes in his deli- rium an imagined wreck of his ship. Mr. Ha) wood and Mr. Stewart extracted a large amount of fun from the parts of the Yankee sergeant and captain ; and Mr. Munro's Lieutenant Barnstaple showed a manifest improvement on his former efforts. He de- livered . the lines allotted to him with an earnestness and dignity which always carried the feelings of the audience with him. Mr. C. Wardc also deserves a word of praise for his rendering of that somewhat mysterious personage, the Pilot; and the other characters in the drama were fairly sustained-the ladies, who have but little to say, being im- personated by Miss Cleveland and Miss Marion Dunn. The burlesque of "Acisand Galatea" was the afterpiece. The performances at the Princess's Theatre to-night will be for the benefit of Mr. Milne, who has for many years filled a vory useful position on the Melbourne stage with great credit to himself. The "Octoroon" is an- nounced as the chief attraction. Mr. G. W. Petty desires us to stale that his slaughteryard at Brunswick, destroyed on Saturday morning, was fully insured in the Imperial Office. The number of visitors to the National Museums of Natural History, Geology, and Economic Geology applied to mining, agri- culture, and the arts, for the week ending 28th*Marcb, was 1.220. The Committee of Management of the Carlton Original Popular Readings in aid of the Charitable Institutions 'announce that their third series of readings will commence on Friday, 3rd April. We have been requested to remind those persons who have taken tickets for the paro- chial entertainment and concert, in con- nexion with the Church of England, Caul- field, that the date has been altered from Thursday,' the 2nd, to Wednesday, the 1st April. .'.....' " Our duty to God and the King" is, the title of a sermon delivered in Trinity Church, Melbourne, on Sunday, the 22nd mst. (the day of thanksgiving for the recovery of His Royal Highness Prince Alfred), by the Rev. II. N. Wollaston. It has been published, by request, by Mr. A. J. Smith, bookseller, Swanston-strect. Wc aro requested to call attention to the fact that the annual tea meeting in con- nexion with-St. Jude's Church, Carlton, is to be held this evening in tho Trades'-hall, Lygon-street. The Dean of Melbourne, and other clergymen, and Mr. Henry Ilonty (who will preside), will address the meeting. . The choir of St. Jude's, under the superintend enco of Mr. Gover, will give some selections of sacred music. The committee of the Prahran Popular Readings have resolved that the proceeds of every fourth night's performance shall bo handed over to the Prahran and South Yarra Ladies' Benevolent Society. This (Tuesday) evening will be tho first reading held undor these regulations. Dr. Farrago acknowledges the receipt of tho following sums for the organ for the Asylum and School for tho Blind :-From Mr. Gamble, Prahran, £1 Is. Collected by Mr. Cashmere, blind pupil in the asylum-Mr. Morriss, Prahran, £1 ; Mr. A. Strettlo, 10s. ; Mrs. M. Moss, 5s. ; smaller sums, £2 17s. Gd, Total, £4 12s. Gd. 