FRIDAY - JANUARY 3. Before the police.megistrote, and alesres. A. G. De Lauret and A. Gibson.. A hawker's license was granted to Edward Armitt. Edward Stroyd, on remand, was charged with neglecting to comply with an order of the bench mrde in 1863, to pay for the support of his illegiti. mate child. Constable Paget depoae:ti Dafendant is the person named in the informatlon t he pit 564. a week up to the l1th June, 18601 he then.loft Bungonia; end hse not p?li anything slice; the order w?o made on the l1th Norember, 1803. end was to hive empirel on the 16th November, 18001 he was to hare paid the money to ,ne for Ann Cooke. Defendant wee ordered to pay a fine of £5, or one month's imprisonment. The fine not belng forth coming, he was locked up. POLICE OFFICE ROSTER-January 6th, A. W., Hanlord and W. E. Dignam Esqs.t 8th. A. G. Finlay and W. H. Hovell Esq. 10th, R. H, Blom ieId and F. R. L. Rossi Esqs. NEW POST OFFICES. --tost.ofllces are now estab. lihed ats the following places -Brungle, near Tumut; Ennir, between Pout legqnearie and Ilnreley ? Eu?halong, between Condobolln and W\Vlanthry; MInwonge, between' Forbes and and Coundobolin .I lorangerell (re-established), be. tween Young end Alarmden's; l'almer's Oake , near Mitchell's Creek l WValanthry tre.estatlished), near liooligel; \Vammereaw, near Mount Harris; Yar rembah, between Wellgett and BIrenda. The reel. dents at or adjacent to the abovenemed places are recommended to advise their correspondente to ad. dress all letters and newspapers accordingly. ; POST OFFICE REGISTRATION STAMPS -The regis. tration stamp hea now become obsolete and the registrathon fee upon letters, &o.;, must be pid by ordinary poslege.etamps. All persons who ,avr registration stamps in their possession can have them exchanged for other postage-sltmps, on bppll. cation at any poet.ofoae in the colony, up to the 31st March, 1868. . ACCIDENT AT BUNGONIA--On ew Year's Day a party of young men were out riding to the bush, when the horse of one of them named John Glennie began to plunge, and eventually threw his rider and rolled over him. He was insensible for some time and was removed to Bungonias, when it was found that the spine of his back was injured. He is pro gressing favourably, and no permanent injury is anticipated. SCHOOLS-We understand that the Presbyterian and Wesleyan denominational schools in Goulburn will not be re-opened; and in order to supply the want that will in consequence be felt until the intended model public school is in operation, Mr. Welby has announced his intention of taking weekly pupils till that time. We have heard, though we do not vouch for the fact, that Mr. Kennett, B.A., of Camden, is likely to receive the appointment of head-master of the model school. Mr. Kennett was at one time second master of the Rev. G. Mac- arthur's school at Macquarie Fields; and his mathematical abilities and his skill as a teacher are spoken of in the very highest terms. ExTENSIVE BUSH FIRES.-Re hear that the other day sparks from Ihe railway engine set ire to the grass on the estate of Messrs. Throsby and White head at Bong Bong, and that the conequnence bes been Ith deatluelion of no less than ten orisn of fencing Iesides an immense area of graes. The latter happens frtunately to be of little cont.e quenee as the land is almost unstockod; but the loss of so large a length or fencing is vrry serious. As the railway oomes loto the interior this sort of arci dent Is likely to be of very frequent occurrence in dry seasons, unlen the American plan by which sparks are prevented from fying futo the atmosphere he adopted. ' MUNICIPALITIES ACT .-Some Inquiry having been made as to the effect in Uoulburn of the passing of the Maunicipalities Act, we may mention for public information that with respect to this particuo tar locality there has been some doubt as to the proper course of procedure. The 68th and 69th clauses provide for the course to be taken where there is what Ia termed in the act an "existing municipality." The former Is confined to the case of municipalities "In which an asseussment has been made but in which there is no mayor;" and the latter to the case in which there is neither mayor, council, nor an assessment. , Now In the case of ooulburn there bave been assessments; but they were some years since, and there certainly Is no council. This hes been pointed out to the govern. ment; and we believe we are correct in saying that it has been determined to proceed under the 09th section and that a returning officer will be at once appointed. The elections for aldermen will be held on the first Tuesday in February. In the case of Ooulburn it is not impossible that there will be some difficulty owing to the municipality having, been divided into wards; but it is to be hopei that this will be overcome. At the election about to take place the parliamentary electoral roll will have to be usod; but afterwards rate-payers only will be en* titled to.vote. It may be mentioned that female rate.payers will have the privilege of voting. We shall endeavour on an early day to give a brief resume of the act, esuficiently explicit for the ordinary purposes of electors and rate.payer. Since we are to have a municipality it will be well for alt parties to join In securing the election of the best men, who will be likely to carry.on our local Improvements energetically and economically. No feelings of cliquisma or personal preference should be allowed to influence any of the electors in the slightest degree. ADDITIONS TO Thne ROMA CATnOLIO Pna8irTErY. \--Mlr. Gordon's tender, £731 for'the whole work, has been accepted, for additions to Presbytery. Tlra MAItL raox Evaocr.-The Panama steamer KIaikours arrived in Sydney on Thursday, and her letters were delivered in GOoulburn yesterday morning. Naw YnA?.S DAT RAcca.--These races came ff on Wednesday on the course in llackshaw's pad. dock. They were well attended and everything passed off well, and without either accident or un pleaaninees. Most of the races, though the amount involved was but trifling, were exceedingly well contested. The meeting therefore was in every respect most successful. The following Is the ac rount of the running:-The first race, the Pub licona' Purse, of £7, for all horses, I} mile heats, weight for age, was won by Mr. J. Simono' e.g. Charley Pork, beating Thomas's b.m. Juliana and Olalon's e.g. Doubhtul. The second race, the lrewer'e Purse, of £5, for all horses that never won above that amount, 1 mile heats, weight for age, was won by Mr. J. Miller's b.g. Scamp, beating Grant's Tim Whiffler aliaelRanger. The third race, theNew Year's Girt, of £3, for all horses that have never won over that amount, 1 mile heate, carrying 10 at., was won by M[r. J. Simonsa' Try.again, beating Orant's Runger. The fourth race, for a saddle, was won by Mr. Simon' IKate Kearney, beating Illrkaway, Stranger, and Duffer. Several other ra.es, for minor prices and private beta, followed. There was also a foot.race for 100 yards, which was won by P)allas, beating Smith and Phillips. New Yeaa's DAT.-- n addition to the races mentioned in another paragraph, New Year's Day was celebrated by two or three picnics. One in Blacksahaw's paddock was of a pulio character and was under the auspices of the Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Society; but owing to other attrac. tlions the attendance was not very large. .The day weea very fine and enjoyable. Many of our sports men were out with their guns it being the first day of the shooting season, and met with various success, but on the whole not so encouraging as might have been expected alter the close season. Mr. Paytes *z., e.sanelmemn oLthat.np.eLor.scoop'era.ilt!. we remember not before met with In this colony. INaso.vencY.-On Mondaey, before the chief com. missioner in Sydney, a special meeting was held In the estate of Willlim Badcock. Insolvent was ex. amined. Iulo 20 to be complied with forthwith. Two debts . were proved, and Insolvent was allowed his household furniture and wearing apparel. In the trust estate of William IBodcock, a third meeting was held. The official assignee lodged his report. MELBOURNE.--Tuesday, 0 p.m.-rParliament was dissolved to-day by proclamation. 'The elections commence on the 10th January.-The Prince received an address from Echuca, at the M?elbourne Cluh.-Wool for shipment is coming freely into Geelong.-Tasmanian flour Is quoted at l.1In bond, and Victorian, £10 C6.-Telegram to 8.: 1. Hlerald. EXTENSIVE BUSH FIRES.-On Monday last ex tensive bush-fires broke out in the neighbourhood of Yass, causing the entire destruction'of a large quantity of wheat which was standing in stacks in the paddocks, as well, as some valuable grass in the paddock of Mr. J. A. Robinson, between the inn of Mr. Gallagher and that of Mr. McGrath, on the road to Bowning. This latter fire appears to have originated on the land of Mr. Redmayne, where his brother-in-law was engaged in harvesting. The wind was blowing very strongly at the time, and the fames passed over a cattle-path, the existence of, which might have been taken advantage of to stay the progress of the fire, and entered Mr. Robinson's paddock, in which he keeps his fat cattle for slaughter. The grass here was very long and In fnammable, and the whole arear with the exception of a few acres; was entirely destroyed. The fire extended to Mr. Gallagher's grass paddock and effected serious damage. Mr. Carlin's paddock, which adjoins and in which there is the harvest of wheat in stock, had a narrow escape, the progress of the flames being staved before reaching it.- A wheat paddock of ,Mr. John Purcell's, on! the Yass River, was also destroyed by fire on the same day; and Mr Grath, of the 'Tegraph Inn, informs us that his brother is a sufferer, in a similar way. Large bush-fires have been observable in town in the direction of the Black Range, and, the grass being now as dry as tinder from the late hot winds, we may expect to bear of some very serious losses. To-day the Game Act permits the sportsmen to resume their avocations, and we may therefore look forward to the ignition of grass through the means of discharged paper and ,rag wadding.-Yass Courier. . CAatnssa Us; or Fiow PsaevvartoN AcrT-At the Yass police court on Tuesday ,Eliza Williams, of Murrumbatemen, appeared to answer the informs. lion of Mr. Sub.inspector Brennan, for that on the' 19th December, she did leave a fire in the open air, which she had not thoroughly extinguished., De. fondant pleaded guilty. She said she had put a few chips on a fire outside her but to boil the kettle; the wind was blowing hard at the time and the fire spread; she called for assistance, which, howevern was unable to extinguish the flames.. Dr. Campbell said be had found that a paddock of wheat hadbeen burnt through her carelessness, and that the fire bad extended a distance of ten milesto the Murrom. bidgee., The huts and paddocks of ~Ir. Webster had been endangered, and MIr.'Johnson had sustained a loss of £40 In the destruction of grass. Dir. ?lren. nan said that defendant had given the owner of the paddock (hlarshall) a promissory note for £2 as part recompense, and also rails in place of those that had been burnt. Tbhe defendant and her husband were poor people and small free selectors. Dr. Campbell said the bench had power to floe her £10, or in default to send her to gaol for one month; but they were not disposed to act harbhly towards her. If the charge bhad been brought against her husband they would have dealt otherwise with the case. She was then fiaed £2, or in default eight days In Yass gaol.-Yess Courier MARENGO.-December 21.-Yesterday a large shed of hay, supposed to contain about thirty tons, a stable containing a valuable entire horse, two sets of harness, a spring.ecat, three saddles, and an out. building, hlving therein about two hundred and fifty bushels of wheat, ell the properly of Thomas Cummings, free~elector, Calabash acreek were totally consumed by: fire, which originated from some little children goain to the shed to play with a hin of matches that o of the hired reapers had left bebind.-Corresponaent of the Yeas Courier, THE EMU CREEK MINER.-It will be seen by an adnretiement in asnoher column that after thei[o of to-d.y the Emu Creek Iliner will no more be publisheld, but will be incorporated with the llning Record. The )liner was the first newspaper profens lgK to ea published at Grenfell, nd in the early daya of the rush did some service in recording local nltelignenre.. It always, however, though credit. ably conducted, tshoured tinder the disadvantage of beain printed at Lambing Flat, a distance of some thirty.five miles, and of having to obtain its In formation so early in the week that it could be sent to Grenfell on Saturday morning. Of course It could not contend against a journat printed and published on the spot, and hence the discontinuanee and incorporation with this joutlnL-OrenfsU Miiniog Reco.: THE CIVIL SERVICE IN TASMANIA.-baere is a rumour to circulation (sys the Tasmanian Times) which excites considerable surprise. It is stated that heads of departments have been furnished with an order by the Governor in Council which an. nounces that no otffcer ti the service of the govern ment is to be allowed in future to devote his time and abilities out of offce hours to the improvement of bis own private means! All money earned by any publio servant out of ofice hours l to be paid Into the treasury under pain of dismissal from the civil service of the colony. If the new order really goes the length we have stated, we trust it may be applied to ministers and clerks alike. We should then see the profits of DIr. Chapman's commission agency business, and lir. Dobson's general retainers and brief fees paid into the treuasury from time to time. Tare Buseno oa AnxIDALEW AND aUrAFTOr.-The Bishop of Armidale and Orafton, says the Maltland Mercury, reached Newcastle at the end of last week. A congratulatory service was held on Saturday, at Christ Church, In that town, when the holy com* manuon was administered by the Lord Bishop of Newrastle. There were present during the service the hIors. IR. Chapman, L. Tyrrell, A. tlennis, l. Walab, A. E. Selwyn, G. C. Bede, F. Millard, Wood, and a numerous congregation. After the service, a meeting was held in the arbool.room, when addresses in weloome of the new bishop were delivered, and to which his Lordship responded in appropriate terms. A luncheon was subsequently given at the parsonage to which the principal inhabittnta of Newcastle were invited, in order to welcome the Bishop of Armldale and Orafton to our shores. The Bishop came to Mlorpeth by the afternoon train on Saturday In company with the Bishop of Newcastle, whose guest hbe now is, and with whom Mrs. Sawyer and family will remain while his Lordship proceeds to Orafton by the first steamer; thence he will travel overland to Armidale, and from there he will proceed to make a tour through his diocese, returning by land to Morpeth. .. BDsse.FInac.-The late scorching weather, aided by the high winds which have prevailed for some days, past has had the effect of setting the country on fire in all directionsa. In the neighbourhoods of Manor, Long Swamp, and Bore some very extensive bush.fires were raging on Sunday and Monday last. At Manar a large body of men were employed on Monday night in keeping back the fire from the paddocks and Mr. Cunningham's house, which were at one time in great danger, we hear, of being swept by the devouring element.. A flock'of sheep ner. rowly escaped being destroyed by a fire In which they were encircled, and to intercept tb fire from reaching them we believe that a running stream had to be diverted.. At Long Swamp and on to Boro the settlers have had to make the most strenuous exer tions also to save their horses and crops from the conflagration, in which they have not in all cases been' successful, as we hear that a settler named Campbell, near Boro, has been burnt out. There were a number of fires raging at the back of Little River also on Sunday and 5tonday but we have not heard whether any damage has been sustained from them. The telegraph.posts between Braidwood and Boro have been very much Injured, and in some places altogether burnt down for a considerable dis. tance.. lr. Buckley, the telegraph master, has been along the line to Ooulburn several days doing what he could to save the poets, and he has engaged parties in several places to repair the damage done and put up new poets where required. The whole of the posts on the Goulburn line are now becoming very old from the length of time they have been up, and they catch fire lite as easily as the driest tim. ber in the bush. The Queeanhean line has suffered also very much from fire, and Mr. )uckley on Mon. day started off in that direction to Inspect the damage. The country around Araluen and from thence to Ballalaba Is also In a similar confiagra. lion. All the mountains. between this and the Queanheyan district are on fire. A fire broke out n fit; "fi ra i ll f itu'3Thcll s tilla este3j. A".d wood Dispatch..? I Ortvx u oxu VrcrontA.-Owlng to the differonce of duty payable at Melbourne and Sydney on the opium of commerce, large quantities are being for. warded by mail from the former place to the latter. Thie Victorian duty is los. a pound; while that exacted at the Sydney custom.house Is 20a. a pound. We believe that the principal speculators in this article by the overland route ere aleters. Cobb and Co. Joined with a Chinese merchant In Sydney. Of course the facilities for cheap carriage enjoyed by the cnochingpproprletary give the speculators un usual arldvantaes.-YAss Courier. i CAncLESe Us or FIr?.,-As a matterlf caution we may state that'every case of bash.fire will be strictly inquired Into, and those parties who are culpable will be proceeded against and the highest penalties prayed for,-Yass Courier. Vecront.--The following Instance . of canine sagacity and fidelity appears in a Kilmore paper; One day last week a,gentleman residing a short distanee from Kilmore, having to pay some store accounts, placed a sum of money In the breast. pocket of his coat, but by some means-very likely the jolting on horsebaeck-be lst the money from his pocket, and was.not aware of the fact until he arrived In Kilmore. Immediately on discovering his loss he returned, thinking to find the money on the road he had Just travelled overl but the search proved fruitless, and he re.entered his house for the purpose of procuring snore money and to write an advertisement offering a reward to the' finder on restoratlon, where to.lhs astonashment he saw his dog lying under the dlning.room table withthe pocket.book containing the, money In, his mouth, apparently awaiting' the return.of 'his master. seversi of the lnomtes tried to take the treasure from Bounoer, olfeeing him' bite of meat In return for the leather poeket-book; but his only rssponse to their altemptatt bribery we a desperate growl. The dog rmlt have peroelred the money drop from hli mastelr's pocket, picked it' up, end gone home wilh it.—During the storm of Tuesday last two Chinamen, who were mining in the creek at Queenstown, lost their lives. Their names were Me Yen and Win Chow. Mr. Chandler held inquest on their bodies yesterday, at California, when it was shown that each of the men had taken shelter under a seperate tree, the two trees being about fifty yards from each other. The hurricane uprooted a number of trees, amongst others those under which the deceased were sheltering, and they were killed at once. A verdict in accordance with the evidence was returned. Either a murder or an aggravated case of man slaughter has been committed at Penshurst, in the Hamilton district. About half-past three o'clock in the afternoon of the 18th, the dead body of a mar ried woman named Hannah Large was found under a brush fence in that township. The deceased had been seen shortly before twelve o'clock the same day, a few yards from the place where her corpse was subsequently discovered. An inquest was held on the 20th at which it appeared that there were stains of blood on the neck of the deceased, and on the clothes covering her breast, which were not ob served previously to her death. The left eye was discoloured by a bruise, apparently received some day previous. An empty bottle was lying by her side. The medical evidence proved that death Wwas caused by a very severe contusion on the side of the head, just above the right ear, such as would be caused by a blow of the fist. The result of this was extravasation of blood between the scalp and skull, and effusion of blood on the brain opposite the part corresponding wth the bruise. The blow was in flicted very shortly before death. No one could be found who had seen deceased from half-past eleven till she was found dead. From the fact of her hus band having been on bad terms with his wife on account of her continual dissipation, suspicion at first naturally pointed at him as the man who struck the blow. It is but fair to say, however, that there is no evidence against him. The witnesses from Mr. Murray's public-house, who were called to give evidence as to what the husband was doing on the day in question, made the most contradictory statements, which is accounted for by the fact that drunkenness seemed to have been the order of the day. The jury returned an open verdict.— On Baturdey nunr her of the ofdcer. of the civil ecric experlenced ftther a cruel dlesppolntme»t5 owing to the recent Judgment In the case of Aloock v. Ferglie. A large oumber of the civil urvrnt, Itt ppews, not' Uoroughly; nnderotldlt thesuing process, allowed so much time to elapse beore taking proceedings that their third month's salary was neanly due, and they acordingly determined to wait a few days longer end get judgment for the three months together. In due time they received their certiflcatei from the Prothonotary, and on Friday were Informed that all was ready at the Treasury for* payment ot their several demands. Hlowerer, on making application on Saturday morn. ing, they were told that no more moneys could be disbursed by the treasurer after the recent decision of the Supreme Court.—We have lately had to record several casualties of a serious nature caused by the reckless discharge of fireworks. Unfortunately we have now to add another which has resulted fatally. On the evening after the arrival of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh at Ballarat, a little boy, named Charles Disney, met with an accident from some exploding fireworks. He was carried home and found to be seriously injured about the body. Carefully tended by his parents, he at first gave promise of recovery, but last week his injuries assumed a more dangerous form, and he died on the 27th instant Dr. Clendinning, the district coroner, held an inquest on the body the same day, when the jury returned a verdict of death by exhaustion consequent on severe burns. We are glad to find that the boy Brown, the fourth injured by the explo sion of fireworks at Sandhurst, is likely to recover. We understand that all public payments have been stopped by order of his Excellency the Governor. 0u application being made to the treasury, on Sat. urday, for payment of a claim where judgment had been allowed to go by default, It was stated that no further payments could be made. His Ezcellency, it is stated, had a long consultation with Sir John Young on Friday last; but the result, of course, cannot be generally known. . FATAL ACCIDENT AT ADAMINABY.—An accident of a fatal nature occurred at the above place, on the 23rd December last, to a man named John Colquhoun, a shepherd in the employ of Mrs. Barrett, of Bolaira. The circumstances of the unfortunate occurrence are as follow :—Colquhoun came into Seymour to obtain Christmas supplies, and after transacting his business was leaving Chalker's hotel in company with a person named John O'Dwyer. The ill-fated man, however, had not proceeded more than one hundred and fifty yards from the hotel when the horse he rode stumbled and rolled over upon him. He was immediately conveyed to Chalker's, where he re mained some time and received every possible attention, but was subsequently taken to his own residence by Mr. Chalker junior, and died about five o'clock the following morning. A magisterial inquiry was held at the court-house, Seymour, and afterwards adjourned to the residence of the deceased, Bolaira, before Boyd Horsburgh Esq., J.P. Evi dence was elicited from Henry Dale and Joseph Chalker junior, who saw the deceased fall, who was perfectly sober when leaving Chalker's ; also, from Mrs. Colquhoun. A verdict of accidental death was returned. The deceased was known as a sober, steady man, and by his untimely end leaves a wife and six children to mourn their loss.—Monaro Mercury. sBalous ArrAl.--On Sunday morning last an almost fatal case of death by gunshot wounds occ curred at free selector's, named Francis. The parr ticulars, as we have gathered them, are as follows, but of course we do not vouch for their absolute cor rectnestc-The father, Robert Francis, was at the hut of his son with two or three other people. There was some drink about, and it is said the son was somewhat under its influehoe, but not th father. In the course of converstion ti altercation arose as to the proprietorship of apair of swindle. trees.' The father claimed them, as the Ironwork was his property. The son claimed them, as he had made them. lllgh words led to blows. The son attacked the father, and the latter, In defending himself, knocked down his son with a rake. Th: son then sprang at his father took, him by.the throat, and would hare strangled him had not thb bystanders Interfered. The old man then ran away In the direction of hil own hut. On the road bh was told to make. haste, as the son was loading his oun to shoot him. .Thereupon the old man ran home, loaded his own gun.with Ironstone pebbles out of the creek,' and barricaded hi door and the windows. Boon the son came up, and tried to burst in the door, swearing he would shoot his father, but failed in his attempt.. le then went to one of the windows and burst that open, and catching tight of his father was aiming at him with' his gun, when the old man fred, and the greater part of thecharge went Into the son's shoulder. We understand that Dr. Davidson was at once sent for, and reached the scene of action in the course of the night. The eatrnsd gentleman, we are told; pronounces the I.. j o.rdered ,.. i" , -.I.·.4..)o dangerous and hls ordered the young man, who is nrredu, with two or three children, into the hospital, so that be may readily attend on him. The houses of both father and iop arse aid to be the scenes of iqualid. nes and wretchedness. The father surrendered bimselt to the police on Tuesday morning lasut, and the son was received into the»hospital on the sam. day.- Manaro Mercury. J rooneDn AT MoontOArato; on 21it December, from Ilandame, ,y order of 8. Pausy, Esq.-BIlue strawberry cow, EU or E A over like o in circle off rump; :yellow bullock, FO off rump and ribs, like sqnare with bar through it near rump; strawberry bullock, JV or JY of rump, ribs, and shoulder; To be sold 16th Janiuary. : Ivouenuo AT NourTa Y*as, on 13rd December, from. Downlng run, by order of D. Mineban, for trespas, driving, 9 milesi--Dy roare, alstar, saddle and collar marked, off fore foot white, W near thlgh, like JS over JG over 5 over like PD near shoulder, PD off shoulder; brown mare, whip marked near shoulder, small brand like A off cheek, 8 with 1 on scar off shoulder ; dark bay colt, star and snip both fore and both hind fetlocks white, blotched brand like LR or LL conjoined (the first reversed) near shoulder, unbroken; bay star, like 7 reversed and sridewa?y over like -, over B off shoulder, unbroken : dark chesnut mare, narrow stripe down face, like T or + over heart blotched near ahoulder, unbroken; notice ent to supposed owners of the last two head. T o be (old '6tb Januar r. ,. , ·. I' IrouNDoD AT iUNrei DO1Oon the 23rd Decem. ber, from Follow estate;i damag;e and drirlng Is. Od. per head l-Dalck horse; broken,' like Ill or MIlB over like Ig'near shoulder, aged, 14 hands 3 Inches high black mare, All near shoulder, 6 year, old, 14 bhande 3 inches hilgh; roan filly, hind:feet white, like Y, off shoulder, 2 years old, 14e.hands high grey horse, docked tall, A In circle rump and aboulder near side, 4 years old, 14) hands high; brown mare,'.TE; near shoulder, aged, 14 'hands highi bay mire, collar marked, star, 8 reveresed near cheek, like I W or , off shboulder, aged, 16 hands high.-Alro, from Olidleigh estate, same day; damages and driting ll.l-Iron.grey horse, dockedtall, F near shoulder, liE off shoulder,; 6 years old,. d hands hlgh.--Also, from Tarralla estate, on the 24th Decsmber; damage and driving :t--Day horse, off hind foot white, white epoto on back,' over JO near shoulder, 6 years old, 16 hands high. 'To be sold on 10th Januarr, " , ',i ,s o iMrUontan AT UIanOWA, on the 23rd Derember, from rudman Creek, by Mary Murphy damages 4~; i and drtlnr, fnre miles, as per ot t-Grey mare, like iJl over WO near shoulder.--Also, on the 27lh December, by the'police --Drown mare, 'F ner shoulder, found with saddle and brldle. To b sold on labh January, . , - SirorNstn ArT B uwnaroo?r0o, on the i4th Dece'mn her, from orranogong estate, by order of the true. tees, for treapass I drvlrng six miles tiled bullocrk, TBI off rump, SB off tblghl red bullock, Td off rump; T sidawlar offb thigb.-- Ao, on 23rd, from same place t-Grey mare, 11 writing capltal near shouldsr--chbnut yearlinf at foot, >onbrandedl roan mere,' K near shoulden near ouldthigh, tripe down fsce,.four white feet' bay horse, P over P horlonltal over 83 near shoulder, near hind foot white, star i brown entire, NE (tbe N writing capl. htl) near rlb under eaddle-damages, '11 grey horse "LEN borliontal near shoulder; grey entire, blotch brand otlahoulder-dmages, I1 i bay horse, fly over 2 near shoulJer, IB or lil near end off rumps, star, broken down near fore foot, lump on near aide neck ohesnkt horse, blotch brand like 31 near sboulder 18 near rump end off thigh, K near obheek, like 8 ideways offshoulder, stripe down face, near bind foot whito i bay mare, D near shoulder small star, near hind fetlock white. Tobe sold 23rt January. 