STATE FOEESTS OP VIOTOBIA. ? . — o ^ ? The following ia the report of tha Board appointed by, his Excellency the Governor in Obuncil te inquire into, and report on, the best means of securing the permanency of the State forests of Victoria, &o.;, &c.; :— FACILITIES AFFORDED TO THE PUBLIC E0B OB TAINING TIMBER IN VICTORIA. There are few countries wherein Buoh facilities have been' afforded for the procuring of useful timber trees from the publio lands as in Yiotoria. The licensed oopupant of a run, the purchaser of land- from the Crown, the holder of a miner's right, and ' the' helder of a carrier's license can cut — without restriction as to quantity — on any Crown lands not specially reserved, such timber as they may respectively require, for their own iiae only, for building, fencing, mining purposes, or for fuel ; no charge for procuring timber being imposed unless where the outting of it on Crown lands is carried on as a regular business, with a view of deriving profit therefrom. WASTE «F TIMBER UNDER THE PRESENT SYSTEM. It is the usual practice of licensees to take only the prime parts of the trees they fell, leaving large quantities of timber to go to waste, ana rendering tne iorest uaoie to injury from extensive conflagrations, owing to the in cumbrance of the ground by so much felled and abandoned wood. This waste is more than usually noticeable in fsrests near important gold- fieldB, 'in whioh immense numbers of young trees are cut for mining props. Many holders of wood licenses are employed to cut timber for supplying the mills belonging to holders of licenses to occupy, on Crown lands, sites for saw mills, whioh are generally situated in such positions as to command access to the best timber trees procurable near large. centres of population. Owing to the continual endea vors of rival saw-mill owners to engross seve rally for thftir own purposes the best timbered tracts, wanton destruction of timber trees nearly always occurs ; many trees are felled by the men employed by a mill-owner, not because he wants those trees for his mill, but to prevent a rival mill-owner from obtaining them, or to block up the access of the rival mill-owner to some coveted patch of fine timber. In forests where woodcutters and other persona reside, immense numbers of standing trees are killed, owing to the practice of obtaining the bark tb.6y require for th« construction of their dwellings, by taking from ' each standing tree only one sheet of bark. The consequence^ of this objeotionable praotice is, that the erection of each frail temporary! hut involves the death and probable ultimate conflagration of many useful trees, as the straightest and best stringy bark trees are generally Beleotedfor this purpose. NECESSITY FOR PERMANENT PROVISION FOR A .CONTINUOUS SUPPLY OP TIMBER FOR MINING PURPOSES. ; ?„ . . The quantity of timber UBed in mining operations on the gold-fields is very great, and the difficulty of obtaining it in the most im portant districts is felt to be increasing to an inconvenient degree. The cost of timber for underground drives is now in many instances a very serious item of expenditure, and, if this coBt were increased to any appreciable extent, 4t would be likely to have- a most damaging effect upon the mining enterprise of the colony; it is therefore of the utmost importance that steps should be taken to protect and foster the growth of young trees near the gold-fields, and, where necessary, to replant the tracts denuded of trees, in order that a constant supply of timber for pit props and other purposes may be readily obtained. We would also express our opinion that, from time to time, additional areas of land not required for actual settlement should be reserved, in order that the existing timber may be proteoted by speoial regu lations, and that other suitable forest trees may be propagated therein, as circumstances will admit. Many of the areas reserved for water supply purposes may be planted with useful trees, in accordance with the praotice commenced under the instructions of the hon. J; F. Sullivan j by a member of this board, who caused to be distributed in 1864-5, in various parts of the country, hundreds of plants and thousands of seeds of useful timberpro ducing trees. The management of plantations in the portions of these areas near reservoirs would devolve on the reservoir keepers ; and much good timber would thus be raised in lo calities where it is now far from abundant, without entailing special expense. THE EXTENSIVE. USE OF SOFT WOODS FOB BUILD ING PURPOSES, AND THE IMPORTANCE OF IN TRODUCING PINH TIMBEB TREES INTO THE STATE FORESTS. : The absence of trees in Victoria suitable for conversion to many ef the purposes connected with buildings has necessitated the impor tation of large quantities of soft wood timber, in deals and sawn stuff, to meet the requirements of ? our building trade. In the early periods of tho gold-fields, when tho demand for buildings, caused by the large influx of population,' was most pressing, very many houses were constructed of pine timber, owing to the dear rates of skilled labor at that time, and to the faoility with which they could beerectedof this. material. Theimportsof timber into Viotoria in 1853 and 1854: reached the enormoas values of £1,474,168, and £1,481,050 respectively. After that period, however, the use of weatherboards was 'greatly superseded by stone and, bricks in the ereotion of houses of a more substantial and imposing character, and these imports fell off considerably down to the year 1859 ; but from that time to the end of the year 1866, they represented a fluotuat ing annual value, ranging from £271,848 to £877,458— the annual values of our imports of soft woods since the year 1851 having been from , seventy to- eighty per. cent of the total amounts in the returns for all kinds of timber. i*rom tne jlbc uanuury, xou^, iu suu outii uuuo, 1867, the colony has expended in the purchase of foreign timbec the enormous Bum of I £8,392,651. .Well- seasoned pine timber possesses the valuable properties of being easily worked and but little liable to Bhrink or warp when exposed to the atmosphere. Among tho useful things into which it is chiefly converted may bo mentioned flooring, skirting, and weather boards, joists, rafters, doors, window, frames, laths, and. battens, for buildings ; and it is also used for boat and yacht building. From examples of the growth of pines embo died in this report, it would appear that the kinds of soft wood conifers from which our im ported deals and sawn timber are mostly obtained, grow vigorously, and with great rapidity, in the gardens and grounds around Melbourne, and it is presumed that they would thrive quite as well on properly selected eitoa in the State forest reserves. We are, there fore, of opinion that, by judicious planting operations we might, at no distant time, become independent of foreign countries as regards this timber, and open up a large field for remunerative labor, in the conversion of it to the various purposes for which it is required. The following is an estimate of the probable yield per acre that plantations of pines would produce : in this colony, in situations suitable for their culture, on the supposition that they are planted at the maximum distance of five feet apart :— Number of trees felled : First thinning in 10 years, 500 ; second thinning in 15 years, 500 ; .third thinning in 21 years, 250; fourth thinning in 27 years, 200 ; fifth thinning in 33 years, 150 ; sixth thinning in 40 years, 142 ; total, 1742. Estimated number of pit props: First thinning in 10 years, 500 ; second thinning in 15 years, 1250 ; third thinning in 21 years, 1000 ; fourth thinning in 27 years, 800; fifth thinning in 33 years, 450; sixth thinning in 40 years, 426 ; total, 4426. 'Esti- mated quantity in superficial feet of boards from 6 in. to 8 in. wide, and 1 in. thick : Fourth thinning in 27 years, 27,000 ; fifth thinning in 33 years, 58,500 ; sixth thinning in 40 years, 114,456; total, 199,956. The above estimate is intended to represent bUD i/iuuuvuiuu v* iauu ^iiauucu vj-i.iv wibu uajucO) but as it would be desirable to cultivate many other kinds of valuable non-indigenous and indigenous timber trees, the system of mixed' plantations should in most cases be adopted, in which pines would bear a large proportion, and would shelter and nurse the growth of the less hardy trees in their early stages. In thus directing attention 'to the commercial value of pine timber, we would recommend the extensive introduction of coniferous trees into the State forests of Victoria. THE INFUENCH OF FORESTS ON CLIMATE. Irrespective of the advantages to be derived from a cheap and abundant supply of useful timber we would remark that the systematic planting and conserving of forest trees in this colony would, in all probability, effect . a most beneficial and desirable change in our climate, , locally, by modifying extremes of temperature, and increasing the humidity of the air, by caus ing a more continuous rainfall in districts that are now subject to long and excessive droughts. In illustration of this branch of the subjeot, we would observe that trees screen the sun's rays from the earth in a greater or less degree ; and they are supposed to act as a mechanical im pediment to the passage of winds, even to some considerable distance above their height, and to exercise a beneficial influence upon lands lying to leeward of them, by protecting them in a great measure from the effects of cold or parching winds. Trees increase the humidity , of the air. They absorb large quantities of moisture from the earth through their roots, the most of which is returned to the at mosphere by transpiration, or exudation from their leaves and branches. They alBo lower the temperature of the air in their immediate vicinity, by the large surfaces presented by their leaves and branches, which are either ceoled by radiation, or, when moist, lowered to the temperature of evaporation. The vege table mould formed by the decomposition of leaves and wood not only enriches the sur face soil, but causes it to become much more absorbent, and, from its spongy nature, to retain a large portion of the rainfall that 'would otherwise drain* away by perco lation at great depths, or flow off rapidly by surface channels. It is chiefly due to this that in dense forests heavy rains do not cause such violent floods as in open country. It is well known that the clearing of forests in the Alpine districts of France was attended with disastrous consequences ; it greatly increased the violence of floods, and decreased the regular supply of water from springs and surface drainage. The excessive degradation of the mountain slopes, caused by the rapid drainage and violence of the floods, since the clearing of the forests in some ef these districts, has silted up river beds and laid waste large areas of fertile land. Many other instances might be cited1 referring to lands in Spain, in Palestine, and other ports of Asia, aad in northern Africa, that were once fertile and flourishing, andiwhich have now become arid wastes by the destruction of their forests. On the other hand, the aridity of large tracts of land in the Landes, and in Algeria, has been subdued by the planting of those tracts with forest trees. According to Schubler, if we represent the power of calcareous sands to retain heat at 100, other earths retain heat in the following proportions : — Siliceous sand, 95.6 ; arable calcareous soil, 74.3 ; argillaceous earth, 68.4 ; garden earth, 64.8. As siliceous sand enters largely into the composition of the Boils of Vio toria, it follows that the temperature of the earth might be beneficially lowered by protect ing laige areas from the influence of the sun's rays. Without committing ourselves to the theories advanced by many writers, we may yet assume, with safety, that a well-timbered country will possess a climate cooler and moister than one in the same latitude, and otherwise geographically similarly situated, which is deficient in forests. THE CONTROL BY COMMIS8I0NERB OF PERMANENT RESERVES FOR FORESTS RECOMMENDED. Large areas of the State forest reserves at Bullarook, Dandenong and Macedon possess climates and contain soils that are peculiarly favorable to the growth of forest trees, and these reserves occupy positions easy of access from the principal towns and raining districts. We therefore consider it to be of urgent im portance that they should be protected by spe cial regulations, and we beg to recommend that these forests, together with the timber, re Berves at You Yangs, Mount Beokworth and Mount Martha be permanently reserved and placed under the control of commissioners, who should be appointed trustees thereof ; and we « #? ?* . : _ iiv_ah- ? 1 Deg luriner to recommend man we reserves ac Mount Buninyong, Mount Warrenheip and Lai Lai, now under local management, be also placed under the ooutrol of suoh commission ers, with a view to the early renewal, by judi cieuB planting operations, of groves of trees on these greatly defaced reserves. IN THE STATE FOREST RESERVES THE PRESENT CONDITIONS UNDER WHICH LICENSES ARE ISSUED FOR OBTAINING TIMBER SHOULD BB ABOLISHED, AND NEW CONDITIONS IMPOSED. In all' the extensive' reserves for Stato forests the existing system of obtaining timber under wood licenses, and licenses to occupy sites for saw-mills, should bo abolished, and, in liou thereof a system should be adopted of lotting to companies or individuals the ex clusive right to out timber on, specified por tions, subject to conditions calculated to oumirs tho germaaonoy ol tho forests, by tho prevention of undue waste of felled timber, the protection of young indigenous trees, and the fostering of the growth of suoh non indigenous trees as may from time to time be ?planted out in the denuded portions, of' tho original farest. As these conditions would have to be very stringent, the; rent to be paid for the exclusive right to out timber on any specified portion of land in a State forest reserve might be made correspondingly moderate, provided that a guarantee was given for strict compliance with ' the cenditions. , In the State forests of Bulla rook and Macedon, the numerous holders of licenses to occupy sites for saw-mills who have incurred great outlay for machinery, tramways, &c;, -should be allowed to have a preferential claim' to the exclusive right, subject to con ditiens, to cut timber on tracts of land con-, tiguous to their respective mills, and the boundaries of suoh traots should be so sur veyed as to assign to each of these persons a fair share of useful standing timber. NATUBH 01' THE NEW CONDITIONS BNDBR WHIOH LICENSES SHOULD BE ISSUED. The conditions under which the exclusive right might be granted under license to cut timber on a tract of land in a State forest should be somewhat as follows : — (1.) That no tree shall be felled of less diameter than eighteen inches, unless the licensee be specially authorised to cut /such, timber under exceptional circumstances. (2.) That, within a period of . three months from the felling of any tree, the portion there of not required for timber shall be eut up and stacked, with a view either to use. or sale as firewood, or for burning where stacked during the ensuing winter months, together with any prostrate dead timber on the tract held under license. Tho gradual clearance from the ground of. dead timber shall be effected by and, at the cost of the licensee. (3.) No tree'on the tract held under lioense shall be used merely ? for the purpose of obtaining bark- therefrom. (4). The licensee shall be responsible for the protection from injury, by working bullocks or other stock, of any non- indigenous trees that may from time to time be planted by the State within the boundaries of the land- in his occu-' pation. The licensee shall also be required to protect young seedling indigenous trees, with whioh objeot in view neither/ the licensee nor any of the persons employed by . him shall be allowed' to depasture goats on the trabt of land held by him under license. It must, however, be borne in mind that the restrictions referred /to in these conditions' are not intended to apply to any areas outside the blocks , specially reserved for the growth of forest trees in Victoria, ar-^ that in Si ordinary forest lands, of whieh_ 't*Qgje is a large extent in the vicinity of t^e jjaHajat and other gold-fields, '.the holc^g ''ef ufa^ rights, or woodcutters' li^nses, will still be ableto.exeroise the sai^e privileges in the out ting of timber as th.ey enjoy at present. . JTAIUBAIi &0BEST8 Off VICTOEIA. The timber trees of Yiotoria occupy a very largo proportion pf the whole : colony ; they are usually dense and of fine growth' in those mo^tauaoQg districts which possess a copious a^a regular rainfall ? but in the drier parts of the country, such as the immense plains of the northern districts bordering the Mur ?? Tay, wherai the rainfall is small, and the droughts of the summer seasons often excessive,, they are comparatively small. Tho amount of rainfall varies very muoh in. dif ? 'rent parts of Victoria. Along the Great Dividing Eange it h most regular and abun dant, ; we kave no records of the. quantity of rain.'ihat is precipitated annually in this belt of country ; but .from observations taken in other parts of the colony possessing a large rairjall, and not so favorably situated, it may pe. estimated at from thirty-five to forty-five: inches per annum. .In the country lying be tween the Great Dividing Bange and the sea fteard it is found, from observations taken at 'Ballarat, Camperdown, Portland, Melbourne, and Port Albert, that the average rainfall va ries from twenty-six to thirty-two inches per fitnnu'm, according to locality. In the tract of country from the north side of , the Great Di ?tfiding Range to the. Eiver Murray, it is, how ever, much less ; ; and from observations taken at Castlemaine, Heathcote, Sandhurst, arid Acnuca, ic appears to vary trom seventeen to £wenty-eight inches per. annum; but it is probable that in; the dry mallee country of the extreme north-west districts,. the fall of rain does not usually exceed tenor ?twelve inches per annum. The, growth of tim ber appears to be much affected by these varia tions of climate ; and although many kinds of ! forest trees of the same, sr nearly ;the same varieties, are found indifferently in nearly all parts of Victoria, they are of muoh the larger* and thickest growth in localities ppssessir „, ;j.£a most regular rainfall ; this seems to 'oa;AnV f tho conditions necessary fortheir p „„' l *„„ i xaent. **f°^*i#j£&fi;$& of timber in the more ^orablo district* we ^instance that our lrjn secreSy 'Jd ^my#ST' thafc had been feUed *» i^W its diame^r- one foot aboTe the * 8^ nineteen f eet, and at seventy feet from' tho butt -md, nme feet ; its length, in a straight lino, a3 measured . with a graduated tape was^ three hundred and thirty feet. '. Many «tf the adjacent standing trees were evidently however, of much greater height than this! He also ascertained that in the grovo of the eamekindof timber, at the head of the creek alluded to, an acre of ground contained twenty large trees of an apparent height of about three . hundred and fifty feet, and thirfcy-eight aaplinga . of an apparent average height of fifty feel ifie whok being surrounded by a dense under growth of large fern trees, musk, dogwood, &o.; On another . acre of ground, set: out in tho ?' Sassafras Gully, on the eastern side o' V- '?' Pandenong Ran^e, were counted tweV *-' -a iuU-grown specimens of Eucalynt-. ' .?„ huire lina,_ forty-one 'saplings of th-' .us AmyKda- ? above a dense brash of ' ,.W00d trees, all rising &o.; On the ores* . xern trees, musk, acacia an acre of mes' .« of the Dandenong RnC contained ♦ .mate forest, of average density M g ,n ?ou%-fow large trees and ton sap abundant ; and in the forests near Cape Otway gigantic trees, equal in height and circumfe rence to any in the world, stand thickly in the sheltered ravines, where grow profusely many of the smaller forest trees, valuable for their timber, their barks and their gums. The following are the approximate areas occupied by forest traes and scrubs in Victoria :? — ,. ' . : ? . ? ? ? ? , , Square Miles. .Large ?white gums, of yarious kinds (Eiioalyp . tuB Amygdalino,, &c.;) ... ...... ... 5,000 Bed gnm (Eucalyptus Bostrato).. ? 3,000 Stringy bark and messmate ? 30,000 Ironbark'' '... ... ... ... ... ' ... 600 Kinds of eucalyptus of comparative Bmall di- - ?' mensions— box,, yellow box, oolonlal applo tree, peppBrment, &c.; ... ? , 14,000 Llghtwood ... ... ... ? 1,000 Oak— Murray'pine ... ... .„? ... ... 500 Sassafras, beech, and other umbrageous kinda of treoi in sheltorod mountain gullies ... 300 Honeysuckle, -wattle, and other low-sizad, trees not^otherwlso speoifled ' ... ... ... 500 Malleo scrub ... ... ... ... ...... 14,000 Tea-trae Borub ... ... ... ?. ... .... 200 ..'.'??...'' ..'?'. ... ' 09,000 The extent of open country being about 18,000 s-juare miles. ? Messmate, red and white gum ahdiight wood, prevail principally in argillaceous and loamy soilsi Stringy bark, iron bark, box, peppermint and oak, in sandy and rocky soils, andthe Mallee Scrub only in the arid plains of the north- western distriots of the colony. KINDS . OP JTOBESI IHEES 1NDIGBNOI79 10 AU3 TRALIA WHICH SH0¥LD BH OjUiTIVATiip XK THE , POKEST RE8ERVB8. ' ; With regard to the extensive plantation of timber trees in the State, forests and other reserves, we do not recommend the introduc tion of many of those kinds' that are natives of ? Australia, but non-indigenous to Vic toria.' The' 'most valuable ' timber trees in ; Queensland and New . South Wales (including cedar) grow in moist warm sheltered brushes, and have not therefore been found to succeed so well in Victoria as many kinds of the : useful^ timber producing trees of Eurbpo and America. The . kinds of eucalyptus in Victorian forests yield also on the whole as serviceable, timber as the eucalyptus on the ordinary forest, lands of Ne¥? South Wales, Tasmania and Western Australia, with the exception of the Eucalyptus Marginata, the mahogany of Western AustraUa, which tree should be extensively planted here,, as its tv?£J- Residesbeing very Btrong' and diu'able, withstands the attacks of Teredd Havalis, when' usedforanypurpoaeiri Bait water, better than any other kind of timber, and is not Kable to be pnjnred. by white ants and other insects. f^PP$WJ:6 contains valuable information reiatiyp . t0 ^ ravages of the .Teredo Navalis ^.a other sea. worms, as ascertained by surveys and examinations of piles formed by various kinds of hard wood, and iiamersed in sea water. This report was compiled, at the request of the bodxd, by Captain Ferguson, the' Chief P,orfc and Harbor Master. The follow ing kinds of trees might also be advan tageously introduced into ; the State forests from other Australian aolonies. Bcualyptus colpssea, from Western Australia. : This tree, occasionally attains an immense height (one specimen having been found to be four hundred feet hierhV. Itovows almost nsrn-niiilv as J blue'1, gum,' and its timber is said to-be superior to that of the latter tree. Myllocla dus asplenifolia— ^the celery-topped pine of Tasmania— which attains a' height -of one hundred and fifty feet in argillaceous soil on the porphyritic ranges in that colony. Its wood is very : tough, dean,' and free from knots. Very fine white flooring boards are obtained therefrom ; also timber fot house fittings, farm implements, &c.; It would gi-ow well in the rich argillaceous soil in the elevated par^s iof the Stato forests nearest the seaeda3fc.; Daorydium Pranldihii— the huonpine of Tas mania— -which grows to a larga sine, and afford^ excellent timber for eabinet work, ship building, &c.; With reference to trees indige nous to Victoria we recommend that the growth of the following kinds be ^Ifomoted with a view of pnsuting, as regards ,the future, an abun dant and permanent supply of them. Euealyp tu4 Globulus— Blue Gum: This tree, whiah is jfche most rapid grower of any df the iflyi?-' tadese, is the best adapted for the renewal, oh the denuded portions of the State forests neai? gold-fields, of the supply ol young trees suitable fo^ mining props. Young trees adapted for th^s purpose are not at present procurable on any Crown landa within a radius of many miles around Ballarat, and muoh oxjense is n6w in curred in bringing props to this gold-field from th6 eastern portions of the Bullarook Forest. In good soils th« eucalygttts glpbttlus grflWS With astonishing Rapidity. Bven in the poor shal low Gaudy soil in the Albert Park, blue gums four yeara old, are now twenty feet high, and ODs.-Beven years oW, is forty-five feet high. ?Eucalyptus Amygdalina ; This enormous tree: flourishes 'im rich ;mo1si deep soils in the basins at; the heads 6? creeks in mountainous iracts ill thb south-eastern part of Victoria, where it' attains au altitude exceeding that displayed byj trees in any other' £art of the globev : In tab Dandenong ranges it is more extensively used by splitters than any other kind of eucalyptus, especially ioi! making broad palingB^ ivhibh, when obtained from, this tr8e,aredf the bent quality as regards straight ness, freadom from' gum veins, &o.; As the diamefer of thid tWe Rapidly decreases from the'sui'jfaoe'vof' the ground ^6 a height ? of ab'out ; twelve feet, cthe woodcutters in the1 Daridenong ranges aaopjrthe practioe of ereot ing a etage arottnd«ac5 iree, bo as fid wnk.9^n0' cut at about that height,' above tb-s;Bnrfac''e qt ^f.grpnnd. , Euoalyptus Rostrata~Bed Gum': This' treer although vefy' generally ' dig- touted throughout the colony, on , fiats and' miirgms; |;of ? streams, 'isV.'.nejir., cent,res of , JopulatipB, /too generally used up merely for firewood, instead of bo% indde dVflilable for purposeg pf ftpneiruotien. When . properly seasop'oj in water it becbn»'- -i~--«. ??? ????-?? structibl' '' - ''????? — v» iuuiusd mao . ; :.;«, und resists; the attacks of insects , almost as well aa Western Australian mahogany. Tho Btrlngybark and messmate varieties of euoalyptus are sot generally ftbuodant in billy diBtriots in Viotbria as to need no erpeeial pro viBion ior seounng a , continuous ana per manent stipply thereof. Acadd Mdonoxylon— ? Lightwood or Blaokwood : This tree boca sipnally attains, in moist sholtered gullies, a height of. one hundred and thirty feet, and a diameter of four feet ; its average dimensions are, however, much less. Its timber is useful fo2f cabinetwork, naves and spokes of 'wheels,' staves for oaoks and tool handles ; and it might ho advantageously used on an extended , scale for many of th-ose articles of turnery that nye so largely importe d from America. The vnhje vof the timber ctf th is tree rondera it desirable ,£hat its frequent ro t'lilesa doBtruotiQn should ;be checked,'/ and ti .cr growth , of its seedings en co-urageai 'Some i atpecira'ens of' it' in'the Mel bourue reserve^ h.tvs been derived from sped scattered on the ordinary surface of the ground. From the leaves of several kinds of our indi genous trees valuable essential oils are obtained, and jthe introduction of ; these trees, simply as nurses in plantations, would afford facili ties; for the profitable collection of their leaves, as it became necessary to thin out the young saplings from time to time. INDIGEKOUS TBEES WHICH SHOULD BE i SPBOIALLTltKOTEOXED. ' ' The quantity and value oi the bark of the acacia exported from Viotoria , for te'nning pur poses during the last eleven years 'are as follow :—- 1857, 216 tons; value, £2042. 1858, 249 tons ; value, £2798. 1859, 212 tons!; value, £1310. I860, 654 tons; value; £6382. i 1861, 319 tons ; value, £1742;. , 1862, 277 ;tons ; value, £1906. ' 18G3, 469 tons ; ? value, £6085. 1864, 156 tons; value, £1397. ?18(55, 1116 tons; value, £8037.' 1866,1583 tons; value, £12,144. 1867 (nine months only) , 760 tons ;. value, £6928. Large quanti ties |of this bark are also used at: all the tan neries that are now established here, and as thesej latter are likely to increase under favorable circumstances, it appears to us to be of ihmortanca that in anv svst.em of arbori culture pursued by. the State, forests, some i steps, should be taken, to foster the growth of the several kinds of arborescent acaoias; in portions of the reserves that may be suitable for their favorable, development. These acaoias also produce gum, and the timber is used for the staves of casks.' Our exports' of bark, now amounting, to about £12,000 j-er annum, might be largely increased if extensive tracts near the centres of population were lco-, Vered' with acacias. Oar three species of cal litris willsoon disappear, if steps be not taken to prevent the wanton 'destruction of them. They are of rather peculiar habits,' and are not, it is believed, . rapidly renewed. The/resins which they yield will ultimately find their way into the market. The /wabdB of the Desert; and! Mountain Sandarao Pine are turned to profitable account by, cabinetmakers. The Mnskwbbd (eurybia argophjlla) arid' the Dog Wood (Bedfofdia oalicinaj can be wrought by the ; turner and the cabinetmaker* with good effect ; either as veneers or in the eolid they are attractive. The sassafras tree (atherbs permum moschatum) is useful in medicine. Its highly fragrant bark yields. an essential oil of peculiar properties. As an infusion it is used as an expectorant arid' Buporifio.' The wood is beautiful and takoS a fine polish. This, most valuable tree should not be ruthlessly de stroyed and used for the commonest purposes, as now happens under the existing regulations. Callis,temon Salignus: is sought by the wood, engraver, and deserves more attention than.it, hasi yet received. The. Myall— Acacia Ho-, malbphylla-r-which is used for the . sheaves of blocks and the like; the Bursaria Spinosa, of . the wood of which carpenters' rules, &a;, can be made ; the Pittosporum bicolor; the; Expdarr pusbupressiformis, which is said to yield ex-, cellent . wood for carving ; the acaoia sup porbsa,1 from which we get : material for gun; stocks,, handles for carpenters' tools,; &a.;, and-; Spmeothers, should he specially protected by regalation^i ! The several species of melaleuca, andthe hop scrub (whence we; derive, a prin niriTo -nrtf. tav-17 rtifffivnnt, in its fiffflcis from quinine), will soon disappear, .of become so re stricted in quantity as to prevent any large atteinpts at conversion to usfnl purposes if the present system continues. It is 'not what is likely to! happeh in one1, two or three years, that is to be guarded, against, btti the operation of ja , system under ... which , ike surface' of vast areas will be completely ohanged, in de cades, of years, by /settlement and migration. ihe . Corypha Australis — the,. cabbage4reQ pakii— ^wiil, by-dnd-by* be used in the arts for maiy purposes. It is now ohiefly s'ought .as a'fibrding material, for the prdinaxy .cabbage tree1 hats.. It is foundonly in a 'few localities in the eastern partsof Gipps Land, The Apple Ti'ee--Angojphofa [ Intermedia: — jdelds a.timber ?which, if cut at the right time,, is radmirably adapted to the requirements of cbachmakers and wheelwrights. The Grass Tree— Xanthbr- r'ea 'Australia— should only be removed when the land is Required for useful purposes. Persons should not be permitted to destroy this valuable product without aim, or to serve some merely personal and temporary object. The areas in Girip.s.Land and Western Port, where this plant forms a feature in the landscape, Bhpuld be protected from unnecessary encrbaohmeHt. Properly managed, the' State forests 'willafford room for t many valuable shruba and trees,, which, though perhaps used only ^ in small quantities, are yet necessary in medicine and in the arts. The -only safe way, however, of maintaining the more valuable among theiri is to pteyent improper interference ]yith them in the places where they grow naturally. ; ' , / , .' B3RD8 Olf,HON-lNDiaJ5rTO0» 1?OBEST IBBH8, WHIOH feoBLD BE OCIiilVATBD IN T3»B rp^EBX BB ' BZ-&V;&& ? ?'?'..?. .- ? ? ,? ?,'.?' '.'I I'-',.:.- . Some of the* best kinds . of the nonindige nous trees seem . to thrive better in Victoria than in the countries of which they are ^natives. The kinda whioh we consider most desirable: for! introduction on a.large scale into the State forests, are aa follows— Pinns inflignis, a native of California, and the quickest, w ^growth of any kind of conifer, esipeoially m Victoria. A SBeoimeji of this tree, planted in comparative y .864, has attained a height of.eighteen feet. Mother, specimen, placed during the same vearJn the poor graveUy tertiary soil on the guromit of the Flagstaff- hillreserve, is now more S , eeventeen, fee* high ; and a?oth|r, ^?l^L 1865,, in the, sandy spi^of , Albert ; ,plarit^^.-v ,-viiteen feet high. In Boil de Park,' is. not, tu. :^ari6B in Mr Hugh .Glass's rived [itpm tfie, tte.; ' ,n a Bpeoimen planted m grpundslat Flemingu.^ 'height of twenty-four. 1^63 Mti'iitiW Miained a ^ ?-.in'cnes. '„ On t]ne feet, and fi dlatUeiepf )y-shc . ^nee Ponds, a estate of TsSx 3. T. &witu;,M M-k.' four years specimen fl-iH6 ; SWni^i^f tie*^ ^Jg bid' is now fifteen, feet high; and, _^. Mr;, mmmM. [?] in 1865, have attained a height of five feet ; and, in Mr Brooke's ground at Heidelberg, a specimen planted six years ago in compara tively poor soil is now ten feet high. In Mr Lang's nursery, near Mount Warrenheip, this kindi of pine has been found to 'grow, in rich basaltic soil, more rapidly and luxuriantly than in Europe. Pinus strobns, the white pine of the United States, attains' a great altitude in poor soils, and resists gales 'of wind better than any other kind of pine in the States. The ex tensiveuse of white. pine for bailding purposes is Vpll knofpn. In Victoria it will succeed better on the elevated plateaux along the main , dividing range, in the State forests, than near ;Melbourno. Trees of this kind-planted at Flemingtbn fiye-. years ago are now four feet high. ' Pirias pinaster, the cluster pine of Southern Europe, attains an elevation of about~rsixty feet, and grows well in Vic toria in all kinds of soils and situations, es pecially near the coast. Some of these trees planted in argillaoeous soil in Fitzroy Gardens a few years ago' are . now eleven feet high. .Some planted in 1865,, in gravelly soil, in the.FlagBtaflt reserve, are ten feet high, arid others planted during the same year in the sand of the Albert Pork are eight feet high. In Mr glass's ? grounds at Flemirigtbri, a specimen planted in 1861 has acquired an altitude of twenty -five feet ; and another,' ten years old, growing on the property of Mr Holmes at, the Mopnee' Ponds.is now twenty feet . iiigb and ten inches in diameter. There is a tree of Pinris pinaster in Mr , O'Neil's' garden at Brighton, of 'sufficient dimensions for cutting for timber. The timber of this tree is durable, arid 'it would answer Well for- mining props ; it is not, however, so valuable for building pur poses, as that of mariy other '/conifers. Pinus mitis,. the yellow .pine of Jimerica, where if attains an elevation of about sixty feetj arid suppHes a durable timber, very compact, having . regard /to its .specific gravity. ' Specimens of this tree planted four years ago 'at1 Flemingtbn are now four feet high; It will succeed better in the State' forest reserves than bri land near Mel bourne. Pinus rubr-a, the red pine of Canada, where it reaches, an elevation of about -eighty feet, and is used for masts of ships. It suc ceeds best in dry sandy soil. Pinus1 laricio is indigerious to ..Corsica and Sicily, where it 'oc casipnally; attains an ? altitude of orie hundred and; thirty 'feet. ; Its 'timber is sbriiewhat simi lar to that of Pinus sylvestria, but it is more compact, strong arid flexible. It has been found i to; thriv6 ' well' in the Melbourne' public parks and1 gardens. Pinus canariehsis reaches a height of sixty feet on the mountains in the Canary Islarids. /it's';tinib'er)'; Which'is Very- re- ? sirious, is exceedingly durable and not liable to the attacks of insects. At FleniingibnVa spe cimen planted only four years ag^/by/Mr Fer guson has grown about ten feet, arid one planted fifteen years 'ago iri; volcanic ' soil in tho grounds of Mr J.T. Siriith, at Moonee Ponds, is now tweniy-fiye feet high, and nine inches in diameter at three feet from the ground. Younger trees of this' kind' are growing with great rapidity ' in Fitzroy Garden. Pinus pbn derosa, indigerious to CaUfornia and .Oregon, whe;re its maximum height is about one hun dred feet; It is remarkable for the great' anecific PKLvitv of its tiinber,' whioh is very . dnrabip arid useful.' It grows vigorously, in/ paris arid gardens around, /Melbourrie; Pinus Halapezwis, a native of Syria* 'It grows well in VictoLia in yery poor soil;; and withstands1; eevere drbtfjfht; ' The timber wpuld be ? useful ; for mining props- SpeoWen? of , this , kind of; pine planted in - fitzroy Gardens- a few years agojhave attained ^ heigh* of fourteen feet;' and a speoimen of tht? same '.Jdnd, fifteen years ; old,; on theestate of IVfr J. T. f5mith at Mooriee- Ponds, has attained ? a -heig'ht of thirty two1 feet and a diameter: pf ,4.welve inches. Pinus Macrooarpa: In Califon.^ia it at tairis ahight- of one hundred feet, a^d affords a resinous odoriferous timber not liable to be attacked bjr insebta. At Flemington a speci irien planted three years ago by Mr FergHSon is: now five feet high. Pinna Australis, or Georgia Pine : This tree rises to a height of abopt'sixtyrfeet in dry sandy soil in the States1 of Georgia and Florida. Its timber) is much used in the .United States for various purposes,/ and ?especially those i connected with ehip- . building ; it : yields large quantities of iurpen tine and pitoh, and its cones, which are eight '? inches 'long, contain kernels affording noririBhing food1 for swine. This tree would be [well adapted for planting on some of the at present useless sandy heathy tracts of -land in thei county of Moi'nington. Pinus EigWa— . the! Pitch Pine of the United Stivtoa— yields a very resinous and knotty timber, from which pitch is obtnmoil in large . quantities. It is reported to be capable of resisting fires better than-, other kinds ofpiries. A specimen of Pi^us rigida; planted four years agoi at Flem-.; ingtbn, isinow fivefeethigh. Some large. spe- cimens of this tree, twenty years old, can be seen at -Mr .? HalL's,-, on the. Lower, Plenty.. Pinus Pinea— a native, of Italy— affords edible seeds,; and. grows rapidly in the metropolitan reserve's, but the comparative /inferiority of its timber would, not warrant its extensive culture as aitimber tree. .A speoimen planted ten years ' ago, on the property of Mr Hphnes, at Moonee Ponds, has attained a height of twenty feetj and' a. diameter of ten inohes at three feet from the ground. . In Mr ?!. T. Smith's grounds, at Moonee Ponda, another tree of the sairie kind, fifteen years old, is now twenty-five feet high, and fifteen inches diameter at three feet from the ground. Puiuslongifblio attains in Nepaul, on! the Himalayan ranges, an elevation of one hundred feet.' Its ;wood is odoriferous, resinous aridjdnrable. Turpentine and tar are extracted therefrom ; and, according/to Dr. Hooker, the charcoal of the burnt leaves ii? used for making ink. In.Fitzroy Garden, the rapidity of growth ! of ithis .'kind' of pine Has been fonndjfcp .,b'e, aboye the .average. A specimen planted by Mr Fer gdson, at, ? Flomingtbn, five year's t ago, is. now/ fnn feet hish.- Another /speoimen planted .fifteen years :? ago, , in the grounds of , Mr J: T.i Smith, at the Mpopee Ponds, is now icmty feet high, and six inohea in diameter. W»i - radiata — a native of Calif brnia--where it Pujuh ''ose.to the sea beachrandis much used nrows eiv 'lding, its timber being tough and for! bbat-bu.. npidity of growth it : rival pinus , durable. . In ». . --^en planted by Mr Ferguson insignis; a BpeoiiT'' ?» of Flemington, only four in the rioh deep sou ? .1£,hty foot high. Pinus years ago, being now tvu , -jtaHt gl,owing j,ree. with a diameter of twelve io ^ inches in diameter. Pinus Tuberculata :? This, tree attains in California a height of above eighty feet, and grows well in poor sandy soil, ; both ' near the coast and at an eleva tion of 5000 feet. A speoimen planted by Mr Ferguson at Flemingion, fivo yeara ago, is now six 'feet high.. Its- tiinber is of a red color,' and' is hard and durable. Cedrus Deodaxa — :the cedar of India— which in some places rises to a height of two hundred feet on the western Hiriialayas. Its timber is 'virtually iridesfcnicfcibl& as portions of it used many hundred years ago in buildings in India show, inihe~pr«sent century, no signs of decay. The pungent odor of the wood prevents it from being attacked by insects, arid the oilob. tairiedfrom it, when rubbed on other wood,' protects that also froiri ravages of insects. It grbwswell in, strong loamy, soil in this colony. ' A speoimen planted fifteen years ago in vol canie soil, in the grounds of Mr J, T. Smith at Moonee Ponds, has growm to a height of twenty-five feet, and is nine inches in dia- ' meter at 'three feet from the ground. Other specimens 'at Heidelberg have attained a height of fifteen feert in six yeara. In Fitzroy Garden, some speoimens planted in 1861 have attained ' a height ot about seven feet, and in the well drairied soil at Fleriiington, one planted four years Jago is now twelve feet high, It thrives well iri' volcanic soil in the Ballarat district, and. would grow admirably in the Bullarook State Forest and in the timber reserves on Mount Buninyorig and Mount Warrenheip. Cedruo Libani — the cedar of Lebanon— ia now more plentiful in fitreat Britain than in Palestine.; Its wood is as indestructible as that of the In dian cedar; for instance, some of it used in the / construction of the Temple of Apollo, at Utica, / was found' undecayed after the lapse pf two thousand years. Mr Ferguson1 has arrived afe ^ the conclusion, from his experience at Fleming ton^ that the Lebanon cedar grows twice as fast in Victoria as in Palestine ;- some plants raised by him from seed in 1863 are now four feefehigh ; arid there is aspeoiineh at Mr B. C. ' Bag;ot's, at the- Moonee Ponds, whioh has at- ? taine'd a height of six feet in three years. Cednis1 Atlantica-^the Cedar of the Mount Atlas: Ranges — has been found, in Victoria, to f grog ' faster' than the Lebanon cedar, and its woedis almost as valuable. Abies Douglasii occasionally attains, on the banks of the Go- - lrimbia Biver, an altitude of two hundred and thirty -feet; and a diameter at the base of fifteen feet; - Its timber' isof great speoifio ''???? ? gremtiy and very good, A speoimen planted afc . Flemingtonin 1862 is .now five feet high, ' , and smaller BpeciinenB in Fitzroy Garden are thriving well.1 It appears to withstnnd Austra lian drought as well as other conifers. Larix .Europea, or common larch, rises, in -its native liocality in the Eastern Alps, to a muoh greater altitude than in Grenfr Britain. It does not succeed well in or near Melbourne ; buti on Mrj Lang's groand near Mount Warrenheip, it has been found to make shoots at flie rate of four feet every year. It will, therefore, .grow well on the cool elevated plateaux in the State forests along- the main dividing range, and / , onj the slopes of the Dandenong range, and would be very valuable, owing to the excellent -|tcality of its timber, its rapidity of growth* anal its capability of resisting fire better than iDthier kinds of conifers. The white, blaok and i;ed spruces1 do not thrive so well near Mel bourne-, as pines and cedars; they would, ? l»o'irever, probably grow satisfactorily in irioist sheltered situations on the seaward side of thej main coast range, and in the Gipps Land districts Many kinda of cypresses might be adv antageously planted in the State forests^ owing to their .quick growth in Victoria and the! usefulness of their wood. In Fitzroy Gar den, :some of the Galifornion Iriads of cypress, especially Capressns Lambertiana, have been f ouind to surpass all . other conifers in rapidity of igrowth; andin the rich basaltic soil in the Ge'elong Botanio: Gaidens, one ; specimen of Callifornian cypress, raised from seed only eight y.eaWs ago.ihas attained in, that short period of ti in e. the comparatively astonishing height of 'tt ?lirty feet. Another, speoimen planted in the , saaneldndiof soil, in the grounds ©f Mr Hig gitt'fliat the Moonee Ponds, has grown to a he sight of j fourteen feet in three years, and one gvqitvnin poor sandy loam at Mr Holmes's, ia tbiei eamel ilocality, has attained a height of eighteen 'feet in six years. 'Gupressua toru loi Sa is also a very fast growing tree, and thrives ^ .we til. near Melbourne,- a epeoimen fifteen veaia old, on -Mr:, J* T. Smith's land at the „ Mticnee' Ponds, is now thirty-three feet ti^Si, and eight inches in diameter. Some! lidrid s of cypress have been found to grow better in', sa line soil near the sea coast than any other kii adi J of oonifera. .Querous suberosa, jor cork oal'V.grows abundantly in Southern Europe and Alg 'e«ia, where it affords employment to a large num'i^erof persons in preparing cork for market. It iii» a fine umbrageous tree, whioh, judging from i-imall- .specimens in ; the Melbourne re seryejSjV'will sucoeed well in Victoria, especially in the rich sheltered land in the State forests. There 'are in New 'South .Wales some large trelas,cf/f Querous suberosa. Querous ilex, the evdrgrt ten oak, a native of Southern Europe, 'griws ?» rery vigorously in argillaceous schistoso soil in . Pitzroy Garden. Its timber is as valu able as that of English oak. A fine specimen ef this t tee maybe seen on Mr J. T. Smith's land at t'ilie Moonee Ponds ; it is ten years old, and has .attained a height of fifteen feet, and a diameter -ol nine inches at three feet from the grounds ??- vQuercuff ;robur, the ordinary English oak, thrives' remarkably well in Viotoria. InT ?Fitziroy; Garden a seedling derived from 'an iacorn, . planted . a ( few years ago.rhas ^attained a height, of seventeen aridi:a! ihali!,, feet, , and a diameter of three inches; ano.! other soaks in that garden hav© doubled thei'r, dinteensions in one season. There are sooie splendid Bpeoimens of English oak- on t'he efltate. of the honorable Mr Fawkner, of ;Pascoeyole. This, kind of oak, eVeii' whon not irrigated, grows, when young, more ? rapidly ini Viotoria than Great Britain. QuerOTS'icorris, or Turkey ; oak, grows in Vic toria; more rapidly than English oak, and is therefore worthy of extensive oulture, although its timber is.net- quite so.valuable as that of Onerous - robur. : : Near the junction of tho Dorebin O'reek with the Yarra there is a treo of thin kind;- plarited thirty years ago, and whioh has now : a height of fifty feet, a hori zontal spread i(orty- fiye feet aoross, and a oir cumferenco near tho ground of seven feet._ Aa , Victorian leather,, when tanned exclusively with- wattlb bark, is of inferior quality, it m'ay-poSBibly. bo -fciund desirable, owing to the rapiditv 'with whioli the various kinds of oleoiduciUB : oaks grow ia.' Victoria in smt abio situations, -to adopt horo a system fol lowed in the west of England, of establishing dense ct-ppi'oes of oaks for supplying- baric for ' tanriinK. ? This bark; is . obtained by cutting ..'? -jlij-' '.-: i o1 .- r'' ?'.'.? '';'????:..: i-.\ ' '? ': '. ' ??'.' ' ? , . the' . coppice-wood every sixteen years. The value of the bark obtained after each cutting is considered equivalent to. a return of about £16 for each acre of 'oak coppice: Ulmus Campestris: — the ., common English ; elm- — ? thrives well in Melbourne. Some specinieng ? planted a few ' years ago -in Fitzrpy Garden » nave attained fin altitude of twenty-eight feet and a diameter of nine inches. A speci men' planted three years ago; in. the- Albert Park, and not irrigated, ib now ten feet high. In the heart of the city, in the garden attached to the Public Library, . pome . elmsj are in a very flourishing state.: t This timber tree grows much more rapidly in- Victoria than in Great Britain. Ulmus Americana— the Aimer rican elm— has succeeded , well here. ] A specimen planted in poor sandy ^soil in ;the Albert Park three years ago, and not watered until the close of last summer, .has attained a height of thirteen feet. Other, varieties of elms grow as luxuriantly here as those just . mentioned. '? - Fagus '? ' : ]? Gastahea.— ^Chestnut: : ' This lifiantif Al fra'n. WTiinTi ttttnins in iEinvintifl o. great age and extraordinary dimensions, jnnd Which yields excellent timber, besides its well known fruit, has only recently heenin^oduced into Victoria. In Fitzroy Garden' some speci mens have rapidly risen to a height of eight or nine feet. The timber of the chestnut possesses * the useful property of peculiar durability when sunk in the ground. Posts of chestnut, wood have been found in England to be undecayed after been standing in ground . for more, than half a century. Flaxinus Excelsior.^CommOn Ash: This very valuable, tree, would.thnye. well on any of the moist,. loamy and gravelly ' ; Boila of the State forests ; its wood is very . tough, and' has a clean, straight grain] ;; it }a, used extensively in the manufacture of oJarsV -?' capstan-bars, handspikes, Ebops and hariksi for shipping, and .-_- also,, for tool handles1 of various kinds, wheels, &o.; A specimen planted six years, ago, in poor gravelly soil1, in the lion. J. H. Brooke's land at Heidelberg, is now fifteen feet high. . The:young suckers from this tree are used in tho manufacture of baskets, crates, &c.; In some parts of Scotland the trader wood is cut periodically, and is valued at £12 per acre when it is four years old. Jug lans Alba (Hickory) : This useful American : tree is not yet grown here by nurserymen for sale. , There are. in Fitzroy Garden a few healthy specimens, oho of which is about nine . feet high. It will probably thrive here as well as the various kinds of ash. ; Juglans Regia— , (Walnut) — grows 'vigorously in; Victoria j in BuitaWe - situations^ . The' valueof its wood renders the planting of it desirable as a forost\ tree for the benefit of cabhiet-makers of futjure generations, irresp'e'cjiive of its ase as a fruit tree. ; Salix Babylsnica (the weeping willow) grows in Victoria _ in favorable situations \pih astonishing rapidity ; and even when not near , : water and never irrigated it; grows* if the Boil be deep, much quicker thau; in Gieat Britain. In the Melbourne .reserves small twigs , of this .kind ef : willow, .and-, of oSlilir Alba, have in very few years heccinie; ? large trees. The wood ef ''willows I is much used for making charcoal, jfor. the manufacture of gunpowder. Willpws planted on the confines of the forests would serve at once hb a fence and a very effectual' ; obstruction to the exterisipn of bush.fires. ]Osier plantations of the Salicaceo? might be planted with geat advantage along the courses of the perennial streams from the hill 'ranges', in 'the State forests. ..'/. Osiers, are ]ve:ry\ valuable jfor basket making,. hoops, &c..; Ithe bark of sqme species contains as much tannin as the oa*k, and from them is obtained the crystallisable prin-v ciple sah'cin,: which, like the sulphate of qui nine, arrests the progress of fever. Whilst it ?would be inexpedient,* as; a general rule,! to plant in the' State forests any other than useful timber-producing trees suitable to the soil irad climate, an exception might be made with) re gard to the cinchona* of the Peruvian species, of ,which there are in the Botanic Garden many plants; which might be advantageously trans1-' . ferred to the sheltered fern-tree gullies in ;the Maceden and Dandenong State forests. The Hon-indigenous . trees here specified form o'nly a portion of those( which could be successfully, grown in Victoria. ? COMPARATIVE STRENGTH AND BHEAKING WEIGHT OP AUSTRALIAN TIMBEB. \ With regard to the comparative strength and breaking weight of the timtter of Australia and of other countries, a comparison of the experi ments made in Victoria by Mr Knight,; in Tasmania by Messrs Mitchell and Dohson, find . in Sydney at the Mint, with the experiments made in Europe, shows that, in these im portant particulars, Australian timber is! su- perior to ordinary kinds of European timber ; and, partly owing to this, we have recom mended in the planting of non-indigenous trees in our State forests, that a large portion of these trees should consist of soft-wood conifers. : ' . '' ?'?' : SYSIBM BECOMMENBED lOB ' PLANTING AND . CULTIVATING /TOTING TREES. , j In rearing on a large scale plantations of non-indigenous trees', it will be necessary to resost to, the economical and efficient system . of arboriculture in operationin the State forests of Prance and Germany. The plonghshould be chiefly depended on, both for preparirigj the ground for the reception of seeds and plants and for draining it. The seeds of tbo various binds of conifers recommended by us for intro duction to the State forests should be sown m nursorieu to be established in suitable situations in the State forests, from which the young plants could, from time to time, be transferred to the ground where they are to form planta tions. In cultivating the larger ? deciduous trees, it will bo necessary to plant quiok growing conifers as ' nurses.' These protect the young saplings, and yield also good props and materials for fencing. They should' bo cut down]after the lapse of ilveor seven yoars. PBELIMINARY EXPENDITURE BEQTJIHED. ?: ' ' ? With a view to the creation, maintenance and renewal of forests of useful, foreign and in digenous trees in tho several reserves, it would be necessary that a preliminary expenditure of £2400 be incurred for tho erection of necessary fencing, the building of cottages for ovorsoera and woodmen, tho purchase of implements, cart horses, working bullocks, &c.; The, sub sequent annual expenditure for general main tenance, purchase of ? eeed, wages, &c;, need not, in our opinion, exceed £150,0. We cannot conolude this report without acknow ledging tho valuable information given to us by ? Mr WhoGlor and Mr Snowball relating tp tho timber of tho State forests, and by Mr Ferguson as to the growth of many kinds of nonin digenous troos in the neighborhood of Mol fcourno. -We have also to express our apprecia tion of. tho valuablo services rendered to, tho jbbiutf, both ifl cpUeotiu^ iafo«sati°a w^'P?! paring maps, as well as conducting correspon dence, by the' honorary 'secretary, Mr Percy Hodgkiason, who has : labored' zealously in the woritgcom&itted; to. him. '?] 0\. W. Ligab, Surveyor-General ; B. Bhotjgh Smyth, Secretary for Mines; W. W. Wabdell, .Inspector, General of Public Works; Thomas Couohman,. Chief Mining Surveyor; Clement. Hodgkinsoh, Assistant Commissioner of Lands and Survey.' , ... 