. THE ABYSSINIAN CAPTIVES. A letter, dated Mugdala, the 31st of August, 1867, from Dr Blanc, one of the mission charged with the conveyance of the Queen's letters to Theodorus, Emperor of Abyssinia, has just been published. The letter, apart from the graphic description it gives of the coun- tr-, is a marvel in itself. Dr Blanc is a prisoner, and chained with heavy irons on his logs, and prohibited from writing, under a penalty of being chained band and foot. In spite of this risk and penally, however, Dr Blanc did write, and his report, the Times of India says, is " a marvel of neatness, exhibiting the " greatest patience and care. Paper and " ink are scarce at Mugdala, and he has " certainly been careful not to wasto " either. So closely packed are the " letters, words and lines, that into six- " teen sheets of note paper is compressed " material enough to fill three pages of " tho (London) 'Times, less about a " quarter of a column ! So thin, likc- " wise, is the paper, that the whole " report, covering letters, envelope and " all, weighs less than an ounce." The letter gives a description of the country the captives passed through, its flora and fauna, the manners and customs of the people, the treachery aud cruelty of TnsODOP.us, and tho critical position of the captives. The story of the Abyssi nian captives is shortly this : — In 1862 tho Foreign Office, after considerable hesitation, appointed Captain Duncan Cameron as Consul at Abyssinia. Mr Cameron was an officer of the Indian army, and familiar with the east, having resided as Constil at Poti, on the Black Sea. Tho appointment of the English Consul, and about the same time the French Government sending a represen tative too, pleased the Emperor Tiieo- dorus exceedingly, and ho awarded them a brilliant reception. The rcsidenco of the French agent was, however, of very short duration, for on September 28th TnEODORUs issued an order for bis ex pulsion, and he, like a wise man, made bis way to the coast before bis disgrace had bccomo known, and thus spared himself the danger and annoyance which wo Europeans would receivo under such circumstances in a country where they are cordially hated by the people. The cause of the French agent's disgrace was an official letter from the French Go- vornment,. demanding in firm but cour teous terms the toleration of the religious mission of the Roman Catholics pro tected by Franco. This irritated Theo- dorus. He said " I know the tactics of i' the European Governments : When they wish to annex an Eastern kingdom <4thoy send missionaries first, then " consuls to support the missionaries, . " and then battalions to support the " consuls. I am not a Rajah of Indos- > "tan, to be treated thus; I would ".rather deal with battalions at once." The French Government did not resent the treatment of their agent being kicked out of the country, and Theodorus may be supposed to have thought that ho could set aside the law of nations with impunity in consequence. Shortly after this the English Consul gave offence to Theodorus, and was put in irons, where he remains to this hour for anything that is known to the contrary. His servants and European employees share the same fate. Le Jean, the French agent, gives j the following, as ho supposes, to be the ; cause of Theodorus treating our consul j in this brutal manner-" The most rea- j <' sonable explanation seems this: Mr H Qajprox, in leaving Abyssinia in " November, 1862, took with him the J " agent that Theodorus had forced upon , " him, and who was undoubtedly a spy, " but dismissed him directly he crossed " the frontier, and this bad touched " Theodorus's pride. Besides this, ho " Cameron) had been making a long " tour in the neighboring districts of " S lunar and Gallabat, to promote the " commercial and political interests of " Great Britain. Theodorus, who could " not understand why a diplomatic " agent should interest himself in com- " inercial matters, imagined Mr C-ame- " ron's object was to concert with his " mortal enemies, the Egyptians, who " had received the Consul with every " mark of sympathy ; and to crown all " he was offended at having received a " letter from tho London Foreign Office, " signed by Lord Russell, and not by " the Queen of England herself. ' I " wrote to Victoria,' said he, with evi- " dent irritation, ' and not to this Mr " Russell, of 'whom I know nothing.' " Mr Cameron was kept in irons on tho " hank of the river Kaha, in a tent con- " tiguous to head- quarters, and a guard " kept over him night and day." To obtain tho release of Mr Cameron, the Imperial Government sent a- mission, which started on the 20th July, 1864, from Aden. The mission consisted of Mr Rassam, Dr. Blanc, and Lieutenant Prideaux, and, as we have said, was charged with the conveyance of the Queen's letter to Theodorus. After waiting for moro than a year at Masso- wah, the mission obtained permission from Theodorus to enter tho country of Abyssinia, and present him with the letter from the Queen. Tho Emperor would only permit them to enter the country in a round-about way, and ap pointed that they should inform him of their arrival at a place called Matamoras, from whence ho would direct their course. The letter of the Queen was of no avail, and the mission, after enduring ail kinds of hardships, was itself imprisoned and treated with the utmost cruelty. Dr. Blanc says ' ' \Yc arc not the first white " men ho has ill used and ill-treated ; " long ago ho gave vent to his hatred " towards our race. The Coptic Patri- " arch he insulted and imprisoned ; the " Turkish Ambassador, Abdul Rahman " Bey. lie imprisoned and plundered ; " tlie French Consul, M. Le Jean, ho " chained, detained, and at last lucked " out of the country. Nothing came ot " this : the insults were not resented, " aud TnEonoRUS believed himself " beyond the reach of retributive justice. " On the next occasion he went a step " further. The pious aud learned mis- " sionary, the Rev. Mr. Stern, was " almost beaten to death by bis orders " and heavily chained. Captain Came- " ron and all the Europeans . in the " country, with tho exception of a few " that worked for him, were shortly " afterwards loaded with fetters, dragged " from prison to prison, starved, left " naked for days — a lalo of suffering " and cruelty unequalled in the annals " of history." The House of Commons lias voted two millions sterling to defray tlie cost of the expedition to punish this monster in human form. Tho last account of tho expedition was that it was marching into Abyssinia. Let us hope that tho next mail will bring us news that the captives arc free, and that Theodorus and the Abyssinians have been taught a lesson they will never forget. Beechworth Sunday School Picnic. — The annual picnic of the Beechworth Church of England Sunday School will take place this clay. There has been an immense amount of excitement amongst the children for the last week, and we hope aud believe the' will have a nice day for their enjoyment. - If it should happen to rain — hut it surely will not be so cruel — arrangements have been made to have the fun and feasting in St. George's Hall. Lost in the Bush. — " "We have been furnished," reports the Gippsland Times, " with a narrative of the sufferings expe rienced by two ladies who were lost in the bush, on Thursday night, between Bairnsdale and Stratford. Thoy were driving, and left Mrs Latham's, at Sandy Creek, about six o'clock, intending if possible, to reach Stratford in reasonable time. The night was, however, dark and stormy, and as a number of bush- fires had been lighted for the purpose of burning timber off the land, the horse wandered from the beaten track-, and the fair travellers got benighted. Fiudiug that all attempts to regain the road were fruitless, they fastened the hor9c to a tree, camped for the night, and wished for the morning. Of course they had no idea of sleeping, but the misery tbey encountered was moro of a mental than of a physical nature, as there was nothing save tho kangaroo aud the opossum to disturb their rather un pleasant retirement. When the day broko, they succeeded in finding the track, and in an hour's smart travelling reached Mr Dickens's Shakespeare hotel, whero the worthy host administered those comforts which were necessary to I ! their recovery after a night's exposure ' to tho equinoctial storm. Under tho 1 kind treatment of Mr Dickens, they soon regained their wonted cheerfulness, but have resolved never again to venture on a journey through the bush after night- M," . 