S tSYDNEY SUMMAIY. ' (Frem SAt . , IerabL) Exrmxsve bueh.firea have been burning in the neighbourhood of 'arremetta and Ilomebush and through'the district Intervening. The fires began on Sunday, and they were still burning on Tuesday. A number of sleepers lying near the Parama(taluno. tion were burnt on Sunday, and no doubt, a great deal of fencing has been destroyed wherever the fires have swept. A quantity of heyou Captarn Towne's estate bee been consumed, and some of the fencing of his orchard has been burnt., :The princlpal irs at Uomebsibshria;gte4d In ost's Duab, tho wesl of tbh railwaystation, and it ha goe In. the direction, of the Liverpool ltoad, at. diltance of about a, quarter of a mile from the line. Tbh houses of lir. iellamy and Itr. WVynne narrowly escaped destruc. lion, and it has required great watchfulness on the part of several residents to keep the fre from their premises. The weatherboards to be used in the erection of a house for lr. Henderson were scorchedj and warped so as to be unsuitable for building, and the grass and fencing of some paddock havre been bourt. Ye hare not heard of further damage. The prevalence of these large ires has made the neigh.. •ourhoods in which they occor Intensely hot, smoky, and disagreeable. The origin of the ires' ls variously accounted fori but there is much of mere, conjecture in the accounts which are given. The publio, as their custom is when the season of dought approaches, and the value of an abundant " supply of water is more keenly appreciated, are et. pressing some misgivings as to the efticiency of the Botany water.works to accomplish the purpose for, which they' were designed. It is unfortunate that the people seldom heed matters of this kind until the power to avoid a threatened danger has departed. If the people bhad bestirred themselves some months t ago, insisted on proper provision for -water-supply , being'made, and so guarded against the evils of drought, much money would have been saved, and there would be now no grounds for apprehension with reference to the suticiency, of water.. Last rear, there was some outcry made about the matter t but the Boods came, the reservoirs were replenlsoed, and people forgot all about their danger. True, the Sydney. municipal council felt called upon to do i something to prevent future disaster, and,. after,,l deliberation, determined to carry, out some half. forgotten design of storing up water on the Swamps by means of a series of dams, six in number, These'" dams are now completed; with the exceptions of the three lower ones, which had to be pulled to. pieces and are.now in course of reconstrlctlon,, They,.1 haveys been most expensive works, and yet, bare beens built upon so novel a principle that the pressure of the water even in time of drought was too much for them. Dam No.1l Isins half.fiolsbed satle.' The piles that were originally driven were poll.d,vp, some feet, and are now being driven' agis anad when down quits far enough will be covered over' with sand and earth. , The structure will no doubt look very well during dry weather.. There is a 24inech pipe through the centre of the dam through', which a full stream of water is now running. No. Sdam is precisely tsmilar to Np. 1, save that there is more water in front of It. ' No. 3 dam was', finished, and looked .very substantial for a day or two, but the pressure of the water doubled 'it up into a most' eccentrio' form. As In the cuss of the other dams the water is running through a 2I.inch pipe, and there is at..present plenty. of it, although the dam is not.in working order. Dam No. 4 Is finished and presents a very neat and substantial appearance the wood.work, whih' was very much bent and distorted, being now covered over with earth, so that no defects can now, be seen. The dam backs up a large quantity of, water and is now locked. The water is about five feet deep close to the upper embankment, but in' most places is not more than nine lnches deep' n at area of about fifteen acres being covered. "When o i full, this dam would back the water over. an area of nearly forty acres. No. 6 dnam presents a similar appearance.' It is locked and' the water Is deep,'l being spread over a' thickly bushed swamp., No. 6 . dam seems at present to hold more water thbn any of the others, the channel being deep and the ele. ment less widely distributed. At tblh. damrn' the water Is also shot 'off, so that the reservoir at'the' engine.house Is now fed only.by the water which'. drains down from below No. 4 dam. Notwith- :, standing that the supplies are thus kept back on the higher portions of the watercourse, the reservoir at the engine.bouse has plenty of water In it. , The' rose through which the pumps are supplied is now, ' about nine inches below the surface, whereas during i the drought of last year it was many times distinctly visible. The large loson on the northern side of. the old factory s neear y dry, the water having been diverted from it dow, another channel in order that the sluice pipes of the factory dam might be put In. From this it will be seen that the water-supply is likely to be sufficient for some weeks to come. 'The' stores of water in the upper swamps' rse not being' used at all, and the loss from absorption, evapora. I tion, &o.;, seems to be made up for by drainlogs from i the bll;, for the water Is now at the same level at which it stood three weeks ago. "The water in the engine-house "reservoir Is adequate to meet' the: present demand, and though the pumps are lowering . it gradually, yet when the dams above are unlocked the reservoir will soon be flled saain. VWhether the dams will eontinuleto work eflcientlly t another' question. Judging from the defects already exhib. ited, it is only reasonable 'to suppose that'the firt food will sweep them away altogether., '?, i!?v, ' The followlcg letter Is from'a correspondentl'-: " Sir,-I notice an error In your account of the' presentation of the Legislative 'Assembl 's address i to Sir John Young, which I think It Is Just as well t. should be corrected. You state that;that address wu presented by !the Speaker accompanied by the lion. James Martin, the lion. 'ii.' Pankes,'the Icon;.t J. D.' Wilson, the lion. Geoffrey Eagar;'and ' the'? lion, James Iyrnes,,with.the 'Revy Dr. 'Lang and~ o '"This is Inoorrecl? None' of the mlnistry were present, and the only ministerlilist who put In an appearance was Mr. James Campbell,; of Morpeth., Th?B Speaker wasiaccompaioled by.the ofhcers of' the House, the Chairman of Committees, Mr. John, Robertson, ,Mr, Saul Samuel, ier. Joseph, Mr.',, Thornton, and several other well.known members" of the opposltlon. ' ' . · "' The conduct of the government on this ceeaeion ;: reminds me. strongly of that of those, who are sal4,i always to worship the rising sun, or of thp Plymouth' profligate who' having emptied the purse of one Jack '* Ashore, and, seeing another well-lined approaching, e . Jlkrtp, and etlt o sIt down, , , ' P' nw rsko(ooou'>toutwardbound,'* ::t., *""" 'A''' '''"n OBEnRaRVBl "P.6.-I also remarked that whilst several memw I bers of the late government, and other members ofl ptlinment,.went ofl to.the steamer with ir John Young, none of the government did so. I will be careful to oompare their' conduot on thie'ocaslozni with that when Earl Delmore arrives." l*' t:!'i'-. f,?,l 