FarDAT-jANHUAkY 10. ' Before the police-magistrate and Messrs. W. E. Dignam and R. II. Blomfleld. ,' ' Samuel Danlels and Timothy Ford, brought up for drunkenness, were discharged. .... Samuel Danielo was then charged with disobey. lug' an summons. Constable Whaley stated that from Information received, he nocused defendant of disobeying a summons issued for his attendance at Wollongong; defendant said be was the man. The case was dismissed. ... , ., , ' ' . . " ' Elia Davis, on remand, was bcharged with~tealing money, the property of Michael Torpy.: notes I Michael Torpy deposed) I hadl two £o.notes in my pocket when I went to sleep at Flook's publio.house on Monday last; I cannot say how many £1-notes I had;* one £5-note was in one pocket by itself, and the other was with the £1-notes in my other pocket. To prisoner: You wore in the hoes. when I lay down; there were other people there besides you ; I am sure I had the money, in may pocket when I went to sleep. SMrs. Anastasia Flook deposed sMy husband keeps a putlio- house at New Country Flats 1the prisoner and Torpy were at my house on Monday last; they were drinking together;. there were. other persons ain the house during jthe' day;? Torpy had some money and I changed a £5.note for him about eight o'clock i; I also saw two other £5 notes; he took the money out of his trousers pocket; the prisoner was not then present; he had the notes In his hand once while the prisoner was there; Torpy lay down on the table and went to sleep ; prisoner was there when I went to dinner, and Torpy was lying down then;rwhen I'came ,back, from din ner she was gone; prisoner asked me for a nobbler, and said she had no money ; I told her she had had enough. , To prisoner ; When I went to dinner there was no one In the bar but you; you went away from my place about two, and came back in the evening; you gave me a pound-note on Saturday evening to keep for you; Torpy was not drinking with you In par ticular. Mrs. Margaret Wilton deposed Iam the wife of theo Innkeeper at Towrang; prisoner,,hts been at, our house on several occas[ons; she came on Monday evening and called for a bottle of brandy and gaveme a £5-note in payment; bshe remained all night and went away In the morning; I did not see her with any other money; she did not say she had been at Flook's; she left the bottle of brandy. To prisonert Yon left the brandy, and said you would call for it as you wore coming back, as you were going into Goulburn. Alexander Torrens deposed T am a labourer at Mr. Flook's; I saw Torpy: asleep on the bar-table, and prisoner was standing by hima; there was no one else in the room; ehe appeared to be searching his clothes when I went in, and as soon as she saw me she left off;'I did not see her take anythlo g; she was quite close to Torpy. . th .abl STo prisoner: Yon were standing by the table where Torpy was lying I did not tellU Mrs.-look that I saw you searching Torpy. Prisoner stated that she hadbeen In the employ of Mrs. IIudson, and that she had not taken any drink for eleven months. Prisoner was committed to take her trial at the quarter-sesnelond to. be held on thea'l7th February. Bail allaowed. Michael Uartbeady V. John' Brabham Junior; assault. *, Mr.Oannon appeared for the deendant. ., ' Michael artneady deposed s On the slit 'Jtanu ary my brother and I were out looking for a horse; as I was coming along the road I met the defendant driving twd'horsee) when'he cameunclose to me he struck at me with a whip, but I avoided it | he then caught hold of me and tried to throw me down, and attempted to hit me on the,face;s my brother was with me; I had a diusagreement with defendant some time before;. we, have not been. on good terms for twelve months;i my brother came up while defend-, ant had hold of me, and I got away from him; be fore he caught hold of me I said ' I hope you are not going to destroy our garden fence. ,.,To Mr. Oannon 1 Iam twenty-one years old; I was not ?vory frightened it was after, dinner, that defendant ran at me with his mouth open i he left somemarks on my face) I live about a mile and a half from defendant's plae; I barve Impounded de fendant's shoeep; defrmdant never. Impounded any cattle of mine; I have been before the court as e defendant, andu as witness several times. .t Thomas Ilartneady corroborated the oevidence of hi brother, the previous witness. For the defence, Mr. Gannon called . . Williamni Drabham, who deposed tI am brother of defendant, and I know the IIartneadies; on New Year's Day I saw the two, llartneadlesi flogging my brother, and when they saw me they ran away;' I saw Thomas Itartneedy try to put his hand into my brother's pocket; I heard my brother call for me.- l '" John' Brabham deposed that he bhad an'action jiending against' the Martneadies for'£BOIn the district court. ' Defendant wae ordered to pay s fine of is. and 4l. 6d. costs of court. SSlaughtering llosnoesI were granted t(6 'Robert AlltinoeIfeld ' Walter 'Ibeynslds, at ( Taragol Edward Arnetts at Taraltg ) and to .ohnChalker, Taralga. An auctioneer's general license was granted to Frederick S. Cohen. Henry Ilaigh wad charged witlh 'deserting his wife and child living in Bydney. ,Defendant had been arrested on a warrrantafgned by. Captain Boottc Defendant was remanded to Sydney to appear at the polloe-court on the 24th instant. An adjourned small' debt case,' "hIoward' V. Mc Illhatton, was disposed of. SPoc esn-orics llostm --January 13th, , rks and A. 0. IIUthwalte EuIs. lslthW. A. Chishola and W. Conolly Esq.| 17ith, W.'P. Flthfull and A. G. de Lauret Esqs. ,,WAwrorx Cancatr.-On Wednesday; nilght,'. just as the memberst of the mochanice', institute .were loeaving the hall after attaending the anneal meeting. . horse with a keorosene oilcan tied firmly to his tali rushed along Auburn- street, passing along the foot* path between the institute and the posts and nearly running over two of the members. lIe then passed at full gallop across the Market-square, nearly knocking down two other persons, then through Mr. Butler's lane, and thence into the yard in front of Mfacfrlane's. All this time the poor animal was kicking fiercely at the can. SBome persons here spoke to him and there seemed a fair chance of getting him suficiently quiet to have rid him of the cause of annoyance, when unfortunately someone opened the gate, on which the horse dashed out, passed the Commercial Hotel corner, and was last heard of crossing the Fitzroy bridge, after again placig the lives and limbo of two gentlemen in Jeopardy. Such wanton mischief and cruelty as this deserve the severest punishment, and it is the greatest pity that the perpetrators have not been discovered; " T Tes RutasLwr Sraso, MAaULAw.-The tender of Dir. 3Pllorn, of Ooulburo,'for the erection of the railway pasusenger station ,at DMarlan;' has been accepted by the government. I Tns Vsirntla aI ves Gotavan?: DstatlcT. On Sundayflast a bush-fire swept down on the wheat-paddock of a settler named Allen living near ?ippilaw; but owing to the strenuous exertions of the neighbour who were assembled at divine service,, the fiames were extingiashed after doing but inconsiderable damage. n Thursday morning about half-past fire there was a heavy thunderstorm, and rain came down very copiously. During the day several good showers fell I but in the evening it cleared up, and the weather is again fine., Although we still want rain, that which bas already fallen will do' a vast' amount of good, and will probably have proved quite sufficient to extinguish the bush.fires.' New Arcetoxaln-Yesterday Mr. F. . Cohen,. obtained an auctipneer's general license, and has commenced buslnesi In the building known as the Old Australian Auction Mart. Ozuscen.-A match is in contemplation between an eleven from the Goulburn district and eleven of the ~arwick club; Sydney, excluding profession als and Oteaya, who though no longer a paid player Is regarded as equally formidable. ,The match is expected to take place on the 25th and 27th Instant, and the return match at Easter. It is expected that a .tolerably strong team will be got together to represent this district. OovLtbzu 'WaxsLricv MUTUALn Iernovraseus BoclTy.-LOn'Tuesday evening last Mr.,William Davies delivered 'an address entitled My Travels, on which occasion, in accordance with the roles of the society, visitors were admitted free.; The chair was occupied by the president, and there was a good attendance of members. The speaker narrated in a highly graphi manner.some of his reminiscences of places, men, and things extending over a period of thirty years, and carried hit auditors with'him in imagination to the Pacific,O Cape' lorn,' Africa, Islay, Lima, Old Callao, and other parts of the west coast of South Amerlca; the Chincha Ilahds, and the celebrated Islet'of Juan de lFernanden." A vote of thanks was accorded, and the hope expressed that on' some'other opportunity My Travels might be continued. Next Tuesday there will be essays and expositions by various members.-Communicated. iAlansoo.-Decomber 31,-When DIr. Cowpor held oice the government expenditure was so far in excess of the revenue returns that a national bank. ruptcy or immediate (home re- assuring) taxation was Inevitable. To avoid the former catastrophe the Assembli consented to the Imposition of the now ministry ad valorem and package' dtiee, condition ally 'that as sinking fund (a certain' yearly sum) should be set aside to gradually lessen the load of debt i also that a searching and close investigation, to ensure a commensurate retrenchment, should be the order of affairs in every department of the gov ernment. 'That ministr (the. proesent) having promised and 're-promised to' perform this, causoed the people-if not. willingly-to quietly submit to the extra taxation t a taxation that increased among us every human belog's fiscal liabilities-from the "puklng" Infant to the rans teeth old man-to more thin £0 a.year, the average in England being about £1 per head per annum I Now the question arises, have the sinking fund and retrenchment promises been kept?: Irastead,of retrenchment, the cost of government is now at the rate of, £0,000 a-year more than when Mr. Cowper held ofCloe and the htlf, million sterling: extra revenue 'whioh i the ad valorem and package duties have squeezed out of the people, instead of being put asido for the prut pooe. for ':which those '.burdensome • taxes ,were Intended, has been, spent b Mr. Eager as-so much ordinary revenue,'. t hould. the oppos. tion allow, the rtreasurer to 5t'overrun. the eon. stable," by granting him .a four months' caah-in advance supply, the people ma' expect the hon. gentleman'after his fivAe months ' (not less) parlis. mentary siesta to come forward with some other financial eAtf daurre which, of course, will mean more taxation.: But before this is done the opinion and consent, as it were, of the whole electoral body oughti.to be obtained-hence the necessity. for almost Instant dissoolntlon.'No constituency ought to return. as its parliamentary representative any but he who is in favour of and will advocate a national bank, a.consolidated debt, direct taxation a free port, and above all, a fair and honest rental from the squatters. . To Illustrate the necessity, for the latter, I know a splendidly- watered run, situated on the western side of the great dividing chain, on the south table.land. This run Is twenty-fire miles by twelve; consequently it comprises three hundred square miles ofmagnificent pastoral lend.: For tile run the lucky lessee pays his foolish landlord (the" poople).' only ,7£1501 .a-year,' or. exactly nine.twelfths ofI, ." farthing an' oacre 'that, Is, at ithe rate ,of four, acres for:'three farthings, or to make the landlord's grossr folly more ap parent to the reader his (our) tenant pays at, the rate of r one farthing, a-year an acre , rent for . 144 ,00, acres,' and , gets 48,000 acres i for nothing I This I. not an Isolated case, there being, in a greater or less degree hundreds of such tenants ,who rejoice in. owning the same stupid landlord. Ponder well thereon, ye electors, and ask yourselves -in the face of such fisoal niquity. should a mam moth custom-house be allowed to exist f-January 2.-The wheat harvest is over, end the farmers-I 'suppose considering the state of the grain paddocks in other parts of the colony-seem well satisfied with their crops. Some speculators have been roundhere offering to'buy any quantity of wheat at,.4s.; but they met with no success, the growers declining to listen, to any purchasing proposals under Os.. per bushel-a price that, In proportion to the ydney and 'Adelaide quotations, they are quite justified in ex. pectIng.I rgrt' to stite thatThomas Comming's the free-selector) loss by fire is even more serious than I reportedlast week; he, in addition, having had 'onsumed a bullook.dray .and a large winnowing machine.' The.poor.fellow's total lose Is estimated at £250. " January 4.-Yesterday an extensive bush. fre was found to be raging on the Calabash ran,' which took the anited efforts of all the hands on the station to subduae. It; originated .from some tra vellers leaving' their' camp 'fire ' unextlnguishesd Had this fire been disovered halft n hour later the result must have been most calamitonus. "The wea ther has 'been and is no, fearfully hot; and the whole district is In the most dry, and inflammable state.-Correspondent of the Yass Courier. SUICIDE AND FATAL ACCIDENT NEAR DENILIQUIN. —The Deniliquin Chronicle reports that on Tues day 31st ultimo, a shepherd named William Parker, aged about thirty-eight years, and employed on Mr. T. B. Carne's station, committed suicide by cutting his throat in his hut. The locality being outside, by four miles, of the local coroner's district, Mr. Noyes did not hold an inquest, but Mr. Carne held an in quiry into the circumstance of the death yesterday. Deceased had been in a state of delirium, arising from drink, previously and had, almost down to his death, been watched by two friends. This super vision being temporarily removed, deceased suc ceeded in taking his own life.—On Saturday, 28th ultimo, Mr. Noyes, the coroner, held an inquest on the body of George Cousins, who had on the Thurs day previous been killed while returning from the races held on that day at Tocumwal. From the evidence of deceased's son it appeared that during the day, while on the road and the course, deceased had partook of a few glasses of ale, and on his re turn stopped at Tocumwal and had a glass of spirits. About a dozen persons were going home together on horseback, and all more or less were under the in fluence of liquor, and some began racing. The son was left behind, and presently, came on the body of his father lying on the road quite dead. Assistance came up and the body was removed to the hotel. Deceased was supposed to have been thrown from his horse and to have been trampled on by the horsemen behind. He appears to have been, accord ing to the wife' testimony, a man of usually sober habits. ,+ Dva.ra?lus Ias us T InVtDW00D DISTRutcl--TO wards the latter part of last week ithe bush-iron whioh have been reain in all dlirections recently, became very formidablefor misclhlef in many plaes, The embers of the are whlichhu 'been doing so much amsge at D?derraIl were faned Up agliah On Saturday, and Mr. Mddrell, with the help of forty or fifty men, had to se their tmost endeavours to best it back from his house and garden. Mr. Mad. drell has had not less than from five to six thousand acres of grass-land burnt right off the faee, every Inch of it clearly swept by the devouring element, and all the crose fences destroyed as well as the boundary fences greatly injured. The lose to him will be very great in the value of the grass alone, which he had been economising for some time pat for the purpose of falling back upon with his stock. Mr. Francis, the timber merchant, had also another fire at his house at the Dlue Bell Inn, Clyde Road, on Saturday, and it was all that he and those who assisted him could do to check its course. A fire also committed great baroo atEetar Farm, Jembal. oumbene, on Sunday last, burning a great extent of grass paddocks, and destroying a large quantity of fencing. The cool weather which has set in since Monday has rendered the bushfires less ,violent,. au it s to be hoped that weeshall soon have a little rain to extinguish them and restore to the earth its fertility, whch has now almost completely departed. -Dira?dwood Dispatch. . ... , PcLaic Scnooa Acr.-Th* certificate Issued by the Council of Education to'the Roman.Catholio denominational school at Pitt.street south, Sydney, in accordance with. the provisions of the Public Schools Act, section 28, has been withdrawu. , THE FOREST CREEK MURDER.—On Saturday, 28th ultimo, George Webster, charged, at the Deniliquin police-court, with the wilful murder of Susannah Symons, at Forest Creek, in September last, was placed in the dock. John Abdallah, a free- selector at Forest Creek, gave evidence which, though differ ing in words, was the same in effect as that given by him at the coroner's inquest. As this must still be fresh in the memory of our readers we refrain from publishing it. In addition, he deposed that the next time he saw the girl after her disappearance was when her body was dragged out of the water by the constable, when he immediately recognised it; he searched for the letter which the girl had written to her mother after her disappearance, but could not find it; Webster seemed very restless and disturbed in his manner after the girl's disappearance, and would eat nothing for a week after; he lay on the bed for the greater part of his time, and but seldom getting up witness could hear Webster sighing and rolling on his bed at night; when Webster heard that the Forest Creek was to be searched he took oil of almonds for the purpose of making away with himself; Webster brought the oil of almonds and some bottles containing other chemicals to the hut with him ; witness did not know Webster to have opium or laudanum, although he might have had it without his knowledge; Susannah Symons did not appear to be a girl likely to commit suicide; the ground was very hard when the girl was missed, so much so that it would be impossible to detect any track. Cross-examined by prisoner : When you met me you made no remarks about her crinoline ; your said nothing about a carpet bag; you told me when you met me that you were com ing in to report the girl's disappearance to the police ; did not see you take any liberties with the girl ; did not see you playing with her ; you used to warm water every night, and make her puot her feet in it before she went to bed ; did not see her dress herself to meet anybody in the morning; did not hear her say that she expected to see somebody on the Friday morning; did not see her write a note to any one but for fun, and in your presence, with a pencil, which you asked me to give her ; she scratched a few lines on a piece of waste paper and the name she put on it was "Sandy Fraser;" heard her say on the Friday morning that Sandy Fraser ought to be returning from delivering the sheep, and ought to pass that day, and would pass her mother's on that day; Fraser passed the following day; did not see any alteration in her after Fraser went past; after you returned from Deniliquin, subsequent to the girl's disappearance, you said that you thought Fraser had come back in the night for her; I said to you," I don't think Fraser,would come back for her, as he would just pass a joke with her, the same as he would with the blacks of this country; I saw him pass jokes with the blacks in the camp;" the way in which Fraser's name was first brought in question on the Friday was this—two men that had been travelling with Fraser called at the hut, and his name was mentioned then; "I heard one man say to the girl, "Susannah, you have been treating Fraser very badly ;" you did not say, before start ing to Deniliquin to buy things, that you were likely to bring the girl back with you.—Prisoner, on being asked in the usual way if he had any state ment to make, said, " I am not guilty." The prisoner applied for a copy of the depositions. His worship asked the prisoner if he had any means, and whether he intended to employ an attorney. The prisoner said that he had not—that all the money he had earned had gone to support his family. His worship said that, under the circum stances, his application should be attended to, and promised to see that an application was forwarded by the gaoler to the crown-solicitor for a copy of the depositions. Prisoner was committed for trial at the circuit court to be held on the 13th instant.— Pastoral Times. REPORTED MURDER AT BOOGABILLA.—A murder has been committed on Copymurumbilli station by an aboriginal named Whalan Jack, a strapping well- made fellow, the victim being the hutkeeper, George Storey, a feeble old man, about sixty years of age. The particulars of the outrage are as follows :— On Christmas-eve races were held at the Boogabilla Hotel ; the murderer attended them, and about dusk started in company with another blackfellow to Copymurumbilli. They obtained two bottles of grog at the public-house before starting, of which they drank pretty freely upon the road, and when they got about six miles one of them was drunk, got off his horse, and lay down. Meanwhile the sup posed murderer continued his journey and arrived home about twelve at night, bringing one of the bottles with him. In the hut were the hutkeeper and a man named Boon and his wife, who had come from Boogabilla that evening. About six o'clock next morning Jack invited Boon and the hutkeeper to have a morning glass, which they accepted. Afterwards Boon put his horse in the cart to start on, when an altercation took place between the blackfellow and old George about the bottle. They were both very much excited, particularly the murderer. Old George then ordered the black fellow out of the hut, and went towards him as if to put him out. The blackfellow then told him he would knock his brains out and throw him in the watercourse. Boon's wife became alarmed at the turn affairs had taken, and Immediately got her husband to drive off as quickly as he could, fearing the blackfellow, who had become quite furious, might attack her. Old George was left alone quar reling with the savage. About three p.m, next day the other blackfellow, who left Boogabilla in company with the murderer, came to the hut, and not seeing Old George or the black fellow commenced a search for them; but could find neither. After Boon had gone about six miles Whalan Jack overtook him, wearing old George's new hat. They asked him where he was going ; he replied to Tooloma ; they then said, "where is old George ? " he replied be had gone to the Rocks, a sheep-station about two miles distant from Copymurumbilli hut. Next day, word was brought by the other bleckfellow, to Boogabilla, that old George was missing, and Whalan Jack was away also.' Some of the men started out to Copy murumbilli and searched for old George, who has not up to the present time been found. After word was brought to me on Thursday about old George being missing. I and Mr. Dines immediately thought he had killed the old man, and started off to Copymurumbilli next morning (Friday). Imme diately we arrived there Mr. Dines sent his black fellow to look for tracks along the watercourse ; he soon came back and informed him that he found deep footmarks going into the water and light tracks coming out. We immediately went to the spot, which is about a quarter of a mile up the watercoure from the hut, and saw the tracks, also a number of heavy sticks broken, and the ground was also dis turbed on the bank, showing a scuffle had taken place there. Several people, including three blacks, dived for the body till dark, without success. When we arrived at Copymurumbilli from Tooloma, we heard that Mr. Welsh had gone to Boogabilla with the murderer. Immediately sent after them, and when they returned I secured the murderer with a trace-chain, which I fastened round his neck with a padlock. I then accused him of killing old George, which he denied, saying he only struck twice with his fists and he went away towards the rocks ; that was the last place he said he saw him. He was very sulky all day, and would not say anything next day. We handcuffed his hands behind his back and also hobbled him with bandages. He then said if we would let him go he would tell where he was. He then told us after he struck old George in the hut, he tried to get away from him and went up the pad dock towards the rocks, after he got some distance away he followed him, and when he overtook him, old George asked him what he wanted with him ; he said "I am going to kill you," with this he struck him a violent blow on the head with a stick, which stunned him ; after he got him down he says he beat him on top of the head till he killed him ; after he was dead he took his trousers off and carried the body into the lagoon. This he still says is the truth. I handed him over to Sergeant Devine, of the Queensland police, yesterday, and he, in com pany with Constable Healy, escorted him to Goon diwindi, where he will remain till the Warialda police arrive. In a district one hundred and eighty miles long by eighty broad, we have neither a clergyman nor a policeman. We are obliged to send to Queensland when we require the police, and we will have to send there also for magistrate to hold an inquest when the body is found, no magis trate being nearer than Warialda, which is distant about one hundred miles. I will send you word when we find the body. The blackfellow made a desperate attempt to escape yesterday. They still keep the chain round his neck and handcuffed be hind.—Correspondent of Singleton Times. 