RTATR FORESTS. (From the Attslratasian.) Ill the middle ages enforosting nnd planta tion were carefully ntteuuoi to, iu the interests of sport, for the pleasure of prince and noble. We know how all South Hampshire was turned into woodland because, as the plant chronicler has it, ' King William loved the high door as if he were their father ' In our own day the restoration and preservation of forests are taken up by Governments with equal ardour, but with loftier motives ; and at the iustiga tiou of Bcieuco Hmnboldt led the way in de monstrating the potent influence exercised on climate by the presence of the woods. Care- - ful inquiry in all quarters of the world lias placed this fact in the clearest light. There is no longer any doubt that the rainfall of a dis trict cau be speedily altered by tree felling or by tree planting. It is wonderful how much moisture even a single tree can catch, keep, and use. When we consider that a helianthus three feet high has forty feet of snrfece, we may imagiue what au amount of humidity is collected and diffused by a forest. The groat changes which have taken place iu many countries — iu climate and in the soil's pro ducing-powor— by the too general removal of the woods, or their extensive restoration, are ttow matters of papular knowledge. Every body is familiar with the multitudinous illus trations, and not one is more simply distinct than that furnished by the island of Ascension j ? — a barren volcauic rock, with a solitary frefli- j water spring Tlic truus that shaded it were i cat down and the spring dried up ; trees have i been pbuitu.1 and tUe fcbade restored, and the spring has boeii l«-.mg!)t back Especially iu countries subject to .1 strong summer situ and uith periodical liability to drought are the preservation aii'l planting of forests becoming a national concern, an a(T.iir j of State. In Kurope the French Government j is particularly active. Iu America the at ten- | tiou of Congress was lately directed to the im portance of forming extensive plantations ou the prairies, and of repairing in some degree, iu those states which a generation back were occupied . by the ' backwoods,' the mischief occasioned by tlic tuo sweeping clearances of the settler. And in ruforence to the prairies n very curious circuinitaucc is mentioned. Never in man's inuuiury or tradition were there forests on those vast grassy plains — nothing but scat tered belts of timber Ixiside the watercourses ; but since the migrations of tlic countless herds of buffalo were interrupted by the .sulili-r's pie sence trees of various kiml-j are growing up in many directions, and if there be only a little lmnian forbearance aud protection nature .seems ready to furnish extensive forests where they were never seen before. The trampling of cattle and their habit of browsing ou the louder shoots are fatal to the growth of trees — a fact which must be recollected ia the care of our Victorian State forests. While our woods are still extensive is the time for a judicious selection of forest reserves, and reserves Iiave accordingly been made under the Land Acts of 1SC2 and 1^0'-. A board has been appointed to consider the best means of protecting and improving them, and tlic re port of the board is now before us. Under the Land Act of 1*02, 8jG7 acres were thus set aside, with 2t,000 more specially for tho supply of timber. Under the amending act of 1S(J5 the total reserve is 82..S0O acres. There are only two forests of considerable extent included in the list — lluilarook, of 42,000 acres, and Dandenong, of 23,000 ; the rest are of small size. But the board rightly recommends that from time to time particular tracts of country which may be found unsuitable for settlement shall be mldod, and duly protected and planted. Near Molhouruc all tho good trees have long since been cut down, aud the citizen unac quainted with the bush has no idea of the mag nificent timber to be seen in tho more secluded and moister mountain regions. Mr Percy lIodgkiusoN, honorary secretary to the board, found, near tho source of the Wmi Yal IocTc, a tree which in a straight line measured 3150 feet ; the diameter one foot from the ground was 19ft., find at 70ft above the ground it was Oft. Many of the .ad jacent trees were still larger. One acre of ground contained twenty such trees, of the ap parent average height of 3-jOft. lndeoiL this species, the Kncnh/ptvn amugduliita, is believed lo be the tallest tree in the world. Cut there arc other kinds of great size also. Iu tho Mount Maecdon forest are ' incssmato' trees 220 feet high, nnd 7 feet in diameter 4 feet from the ground. It will be perceived, therefore, that wo have indigenous treei of the noblest sort in Victoria. All such splendid achievements of nature when within tho State forests ought to bo carefully preserved, and not sacrificed in any occasional thinning for timber purposes. It is umicc(!s*.'M-y to say that in Hie reserves the trees should lie registered, as in the public woods of Franco and lyigland. Otlierwiso tile best will gradually disappear, like those in our Melbourne parks Among the several important objects of these reserves is a permanent timber .supply. There is nu enormous consumption of wood in thU colony — willing like what it was some years ago, wcaihi'i board houses buitig fewer, but very great still. The repoit (tils us that since the dbcovcry of tlic gold-fields we have paid over tight nnd a half iiiillion.i sterling for imported limber, and it is recommended that there be extensive plantations of pine, as the wood must in demand by the builder. On the gold-fields there is already great inconvenience as to (lie supply of wood suitable for under ground drives. Tlie adjacent woodlands being v^d. up, the article has to be brought long distances. It has become a ' very serious item of mining expenditure,' and if by and by scarcer mid dearer, the circumstance ' will seriously interfere with our mining enterprise.' State forests, if properly managed, will pre vent this failure of supply. The report pro poses to place them under the control of com missioners to be appointed trustees, and that there shall be a new code of conditions to bo observed by persons licensed to cut timber within the reserves. The privilege, so liberally extended, of taking timber ml libitum from Crown lands has been shamefully abused by licensees of all sorts. They not only take what they want, but we arc told waste a bun dled times more. They cut down timber and pick the best, leaving the remainder on the ground, to furnish material for tlie nest bush fire. Hival sawyers, ou the dog-in-the-manger principle, cut down more tliaii thi-y reijuiio, merely to prevent an opponent getting it, or ' to block up his access to some coveted patch of fine timber.' Then, to construct tho bark shanty of the wood cutter n, multitude of the best stringy-bark trees are destroyed, as only one sheet of bark is taken from each tree. All this sort of thing the board would amend within the State, forests ; but it is a question if it onght not to be amended iu reference to our woodlands at large. No man has a right to Abuse a privilege so liberally extended by the State, and it seems to us that ou a clear conviction the offender's license ought to be cancelled, or else such a fine inflicted as would prevent a repetition of the malpractice. We cannot see that some check ou the present gross By.-iem of recklessly wasting our timber resources should bo considered a hardship. The report contains a long list of valuable English and other exotic trees which it is de sirable to plant iu tho State forests, aud which grow far wore rapidly here than in the old countries. Also a list of native trees which it is important uot only to plant in tlie reserves, but to protect wherever found now. Such are the sassafras, valuable in mediciiie ; blackwood, dogwood, muskwood, ifcc, of great value to the cabinetmaker and turner ; the three species of callitris, now in danger of extinction, and which yield a fine resin ; the hop-scrub, iu which there is a principle resembling quinine ; the acacia, the bark of which is already largely exporterl for tauniug ; aud a host more of trees and shrubs at present wantonly de stroyed or used for the meanest purposes. We hope this very suggestive report will soon be jnade the basis of some practical legislation in reference to our fi-re*t.-. 