MfONoAt -JAIUAR Y 0. Before the police.magistrate and Mr. W. E. Di)gnam. S lenry Gillet, brought up for drunkenniss,' was fined 10o.. ' James Shepherd (on summons) was charged'with , stealing, on the 10th December,' at or near Biode, a Brey horse, the property of WaVlter Btewart.. i M r. OGannon appesrared for the defendant. ; 'I:?illiam Forbee deposed: I live atUOndaroo; I purchased a grey horse from defendant at Binds on the 16th December; six months before I sew a grer .hone branded u over B near shoulder at Crookwell, ,aur my run; ;I told defendant I had seen the horse, and askod him if he would sell it; hie replied he could not let me know until he saw his brother; I saw him a day or two afterwards, and he asked mIs if there were any other brands on it; he said he did not know whether the horse had been sold before II purchased the horse,' which is four years old, for £1; '?efendant did not deliver the horse: to met I took him off'the run; the horse was not broken in when' 'I bought itt all the defendant's horses are branded with the same brand; the sale took, place 'six miles from where the horse was running; I branded the horse \VF, ver the previous brand; i? aubsequeotly uold the borne for £4. ? ; To Dlr. Gannont The horse outside the court Is the one I bought; I told defendant the colt was a grey one; I.don't know whether it,1s,il e?lt or gel in , . ' Walter Stewart deposed 1 am a coac?.maker and live in Goulhurn I the horse outside the court is toy property; I bought It at Itr.Finlay'a sale.yard, two years ago last' liruch twelve,mouths b I goave 'l ls. for it; I bought it from Air. Naughton, who had bought it a lew minutes before at auotion; it was In my possession about three months; the horse had been rode a few times, but wee not thorouAbjly broken In; he escaped off our run; the next time I saw it' it was in Lowler's stable ttb'ere Is a case pending between Mr. Iawler and syseelf about the same horse; when'I bought it'It was branded - peer 8 near shoulder; Ldid not see the defendant atthe sale. ,,' .i t The case was dismissed. . , Mr. Gannon applied for the delivery,of tIb horse to Mr. Btewart, ?d the bench mide an order to that effect, T." i ' " ' William. IIartneady v. John Brabham. A mis. taki having occurred in the summons, in- which defendant was described as John Ilrahbam "senior," Instead of Jobn'Brabnam "Junior," the case was postponed until Friday. - .Twenty-four ismall debtsecases were thb .die. posed of. ' . ' ' '. ' , , ', , I In the afternoon at 4.30, before the police.magls. trate. Michael Grady, John Orady, and Andrew hIIyes, three bullock.drivers, were brought up on warrant charged eith a breach of[the Careless Use of FPre Prevention Act. )Mr. Gannon appereld for the prsecutlon. Constable Lloyd deposed that he apprehended the defendants, by vlrtue of a warrantl they :were opposite Mandelaon'e lotel; told them the charge; iayes smid that It was ni use denying it, that the fire did- take'plae and'that it got' the mastery of them, that a spark flew Into the grass and set it all a blase, that they tried all they could to put,it out brut could get no green boughs, and that It got on so rapdly that it wees as much as they could do. to get their' bullocks and bows out of danger .I' asked him if be ad given the alarm or it anyone saw them endeavour torput the fire out; he said that they gave no alarm, but a young fellow who was with them did; the other defendants made no state. sent to me; the three defendants were travelling " togetherl one or other told me that' they were all employed and that the, owner of the wool on their teams was Mr.,lltyr ie. _ , T ,r 'M?ak Dayj boy of twelve years of age, stated -hat he could not read and had been to church olnly once; if he told the truth lie should go to heaven; aod: otherwiseeto hell... ie was sworn and con. ;inued I am a shepherd in Mr. Cooper's employ at 'Willeroot on BSturday I saw a fire in one of the vaddocksi I rode down to where. the fire wass it wee on. lir. Cooper's land about three yardsofl the roadi I saw a log burning; there were three wool t;enes:i.: sw three men there.; I spoke to one, !pyee1 I said "you have at the bush on fres;:, he sad "we could not'help it", the other two m.no w re . lot Iesatt st. a 1 sues they tiled to put \-- ctto nre out buh could colt I should notknow the other menl -HIyes wee, driving bi:;team, when I came up to him; I slaried Off and, toldM!r. Cowley Cooper, whom I met;' the re was horning rapidly wbefl I lsaw s esay we got the fire out yesterday, Sunday t It topk a great many men to put it out it burnt the grass In two of the paddocks, and a great ur ntlty of leaning was destroyed._ ..r Jamed Volney Cooper deposed ir lire at Willerob and am the'pecupier'of the run; on Saturdey, in consequence of infotmatlon, I went to look for a fir;' my run was on fire; I traced from whence the fire started II eaw the grass on fire;? I found where two'or three teams had camped and where a log had .een' ast fire- to; thbls ppeared to me to be where the fire'.briainated; the log was four or five yards from the road, and from ten to twenty yards or per. isapa i little more fromthe fence, arid surrounded by er?'hlgh grass about 18,000 acres of grace were bunt, about fire omiles of fencing, 1800 rails, 1000 pots,.and' two shecepstation butes' aboutthlrty men were engaged in putting the fire out; I w defendants to.day the fire lI not out now but Is still runn!ng, goig In; the' direction of Curren. dooley; I4 is now oft mry run ;I saw Ilayra firat; I auked'Whose wool he had on ise dray i he acld ier; SIyrie's I I ?dked how be' managed to set fire to the grass and'he said that it'was accidental; that they tried to pet it out but could not, and that they then drove awaji the other defendantl.I think could havo beard what was 'aid :llytes i?ld that they we?re ervants of lr, 'Ityrle's travelling with his wool I asked John (lrad if he were servant to tlr. Ilyrie, and he said ros iI Isked bow he set fire to my graiU, and be sail be did not, do Jit; I" then It º'oa1saa ·t) .l . rodeewayl iftthe fire had been made bn the royd it weuld hse teen ll right; I have se~Mthetteamr outride; the wo'lles air. Itsrie's brand the fire originated within two milon of my house and abust the sems distaice hornm the n?areat but. nL ,ir. (lannon said that there were two sections tnder which the def.ndanta could have been bronght un; and fir. Co.nipr had chosen the most tlnient. They might have Ieen brought up under the first cluse., which made the penelty fifty pounds or three months; .whereas they were Ilought tip so that the penally ass only ten pounds or one month. The polire.magistrate said thait did not appear that any great exertione had been u.ed by defend. ants to ratinguish the Are, while the very utmost endeavours should have been made. The Act did not require that the offence should be wilful but only that it should be careless, and in the pr sent stsaleof the country carelessness was moat ,epre* heneible. -- .. -, The defendants were convicted and each sentenced to a ne of £5 or in deault to go to jail for one Defendants stalIog that they had IO r ?ens of payment were removed In custody. ?. ', To nrAttLwAr PAsetexoa STATgow, Oovtren. By advertisement in the Government aOsette it Is notified that *' tenders will be received for the erec* tion of a prassengr station &o.;" at Goolburn up to noon on the 4th February o?st, and,that plans and bpeclfestioon may be een'e tithe;railway oo'e i Iydpaey n and after the 20th instant. It is not very alear what iI meant by "4e'." in the'gotf~.i ment notce; t may intlude the whole of the works, which we understand are intended to be of a very extensive character, much more so than at any of the present stations out of Sydney ; or it may mean merely some unimportant adjunct to the passenger. station proper. As in the case oflth;llarulas station, no opportunitv of obtalnintl nformmtion I. afforded to local builders who, If fair play were allowed them, would certainly be in a better position than Sydney residents to undertake such works at cheap rates. This. coupled with the fact that no publicity has been given in the town io which the buildings are to be erected, gives colour to the occu. sation we have heard brought against the depart. ,ment-namely, that t t i deairedto throwther work Into the hands of fraoured parties." ' ' lDranx.FtIR. i t : n L 00CLbORn DISTRr.--The particulars of an extensive bush.fire will he found In our olice report In another columnn., It seems that on Satulrday lut three' bullock.drivers'in the employ of far. Ityrie of )licalago, with three loads of wool belonging to that gentleman, camped on part of the run of Alesars. Cooper Brothers of Villeroo, Lake George, where they made a fire. The sparks communicated to the grass, pnd the,firp epreding' rapidly ooonsalred the, grass on fifteeq thoulnd aecree.of lind,five 'miles of fencing, ffteep hundred rails, a thousand posts, end two shepherds' ruts; The men state thatlhgy made s'metff, tts t1 extin jih'th6' fire, hut t' iled to do so." lilers.t. Cooper;~adia about. thirty men et work till. Sunday night'endeavouring Ib stay the progress of the fire; but up to the date of our latest Intelligenee it was still burning, thouuh it had passed from the Wi). leroo property'to Curiendopleyf Mr. Oaborne'sarnn, The. grass that has thus unrortunately been destroyed wsi:being reserved by, Alessrs. Cooper against a possible searcity. The bullock.drivere were each fined £5 tinder the provisions of the Careless Use of Fire,Prevention, Act -On Monday the grass, or rather, thistles and long weeds; on a portion of the groupd known as Lithgow's Hundred Acres adjoining the city was discovered to be on fire, caused it is supposed by two little boys playing with matches or smoking. The house and premises occupied by Mr. Kadwell market gardener, were in great danger,and about two hundred. yards of a very fine whitethorn hedge that surrounds the garden instead of a fence was destroyed. Fortun. ately there was but little wind, and Mr. Kadwell had several casks of water on his premises. The fireengines also arrived from town and a number of people assembling, the fire was-prevented from spreading, and it burned outs after having extended over a surface of about three acres. 'OouLnoaun ltrL CLun.-The annual meeting of the memlbra of this club was ntended to have been held on Saturday last; buat in oonsequence of, there not being? quorum present the meeting lspsedi i It is Intended to niuke another attempt to bold a meet. ing on inturday neit at eleven o'clock, . . - ZIeaitIcos' Ik llrtuTn.-The annual meeting of the memnbers of the. GOqlburn MechanlCs' Institute will be belil this evening at hslf-psat seven o'clock. tIrnts M?irc.-On Saturday last the fourth com. petition f6i a renolver'valued at twelve guineu..an l"nflrld rifle, and one podnd ino'oneotaku plauwtin. tlackehaiv'a paddock, the conditions being hat.the revolver dn'd ridlmust each hi won three times;in succeesionlor tout timdl In all, the money going to the highest aggregafe scorer throughout all the com. petitions; seven thots'each it 300, 400, 600, and 600 yards. members shooting, with small.boree to besutjecito a handicaplif thought expedient by the committee; legs. obtaineiby uneuccesful com. petitors fr the revolver.to ettnt for the rifle. At the, flret comietitio; nMraWelby ~rihs ,the win?ei' on the two neztalr.. J."W. Chisholml The same gentleman won again op thepresent occasion, so that the revolver becomes his property, Mir. Welby's winlnig now c?unting ;towards the rifle:) The day was thiten'.ly hot. ',Only -four members competed. 'he following is the score -- .,. .. I ,' .. * , ti v " 800 400 t8 00 .600 V' o To(aL 3.,V.Chtdtolm4ll .) ,-. is Pt. 14 .1 eTd.duetriO.1 r 'W, .h i(K.) ,. . .10" , , 'I I ) 0dI act 8.- a SK.t. htnhetm5 (E t '11 ' 15, 33 0 y I 32 JoInChiiwtlm (1.). . .4 4.eretlredl . " In the tfra'olo; K. algt3Se Keitrr t 8 , bhto t'el bi asdl., llay, I, . AcclonoT.-OnfNew ,Year's ,Da n Mr lrs.? 'of Maryann .Yale, onear Shelly's .Flate;"fell 'rom"a' horse which alhe was riding, andbroke her leg.' ,The limb was set by Dr.ll adord.o SLalwno Tnt?t'?IODATon.Stox oQr A PaurTIVry IitfluDITU?IAClA PPtL AT li llthW bb WhlAta.--On !Wednesday last (January lt) a,lergeonumberi of people aseembled in a.ginddock - adj ing., lorton's hotel, tunbhf Water; to wiltness ts laying ol the foundation.stone' of s'Primliive iethodist chapal. About half.pest two tIe people having'gatbered,.1 the spot, the ltev. J. Studda of S.?dney gae odiita hymn, and the Rsev J II. Dash'of lowral reed an appropriate pellm And 'offered prayer. The'.?ol. J. Foggon then brielly Introduced IMr. E.'D lutler;' toulburn, who, having pl roperly lild the stonenip the same of the hloly Trinity, gavee pithy end appro. printe address. An invitation to place offerinse'np he atonniwitieven,' to which a goodly numbr' re. sponded. The company then adjourned'ti the booth erected for the accomniodeilon of the people at the-te.nmeeting, when a practical discourse wee delivered by the Irev, !',T. elll, of Ilsitlend, and the service closed Wlth prno'er by the Vev. J. Studds. The tables having.been'iasd, about ia hundred and flty 'peribnipiertook' arin excellent repast gratui. tously provided by the ladies, and which did them great credit.L' Te over a publlc meeting was con. veaned, and opened devotionally. M lr, E. utler was unanimously called upon to prealde, which he ,most efficiently did. Thes meeting was much, delighted with the ercellent epeeches of the Rtevl?,J. Foggon; J. 8tudds;,J.' IL'Dash, ad T. E. Alell, The chair. men's petch wasee most Judicious onthe subject of liberllity to find's cause.' A collection was made wlctO, with the offerings plced on the stone and the proceeds of the tea.meeting, amounted to about £32. learly votes of thanks having been accorded to the ladies and others who assisted Inprovidlng the ten, the Rev. T. 1E e1ll for his sermon, and the chairman for his etfcient'preldency, the meeting was brought to a close. The people than separeted, apparently well pleased with the afternoon's enjoy. ment.-Communicated. . 4. *A SGotov?ran LtTrsar SocT.rr .This socety held Its usual weekly meeting on Monday last, the preal. dent In the chair. There was a fair attendaon of members. After somo preliminary business,,ad been disposed of, Mr. Woodward (meinister for finace), in.thehabseane of the' premier, opened the debate-Which is of the greater benesltou the community, labour orcapltal .Ule commenced by stating that he had been under the Impression for some time that labor was preferable to capltal., IJn support ol his argument he reed an eztlaotfrom a work entitled Labour and Capital The production lf machinery did for a while Injure a otrtain class of ndividualsbut, after,it had got, Into thorough working order it was found to be bneficial to the community at large. Labour must be the production of capital. ?Ien came into the world with a great amount of money, and not knowing the value of it tho.result was alarming.-A labourer knew that beneficial resulla must accrueproportionably u he laboured i and, he would he more persevering when ho knee he had to earn his lvln ,by. the sweet of hi brow;'" Alt'nitlmated' dliciisuon 'followed, In wlaIclIesert.' lallthk, AlezanderO Ole and Purse. house took the slde lof the pener land Iiesre.1'. 1T. Itiley, Ilunt, andChembers the side-of capitel. 'rbe opener having replied,'the question' was put from the chair, and resulted In a majority votl?og for rtf ,'i .iJ IvI"+"It^ ? tei ,J,: ! ?' l {'_ : + i '?" +i ',tl the side which the mibistry advocated., ,Thp calir moon having announced that on thenext evenint if meeting readings and reeitationse would'take pace, the meeting a4journed.-Communicated. Pr?a on Txxumv y Carrx.-A serians fire took ial4ae at Tronkey Creek, atbout ten o'cloclk on the morning of the 28th instant, at the publicohoose occupied by, Mr. Stapleton. The fire ragd with such fury that it was impossible to save anything; in fact, everything except the sable was totally destroyed. A horse in the stable was withdificully saved: Mr, Stapleton harl jut received a fresh supply ol things suitable for Christmas, all of which wvere destroyed. The fire was first discovered in one of the vetaodah rooms, and the house being lined with calico, com. bined with the recent dry: weather the flames soon did their work.. 1MZr. Stapleton estimstes his loss at not''under, £00, 'exclusive of cash and bills.' It is supposed to be the work of an incendiary.-Bathurst Times. AoeLetl.-Satntday, 6 p.jm.4A eadi' g aittlcle in this morning's Adertiser'strongly condemnsthe conduct of the Victorian ministryin literally pro claiming their own lodispensability and actually hating the impudenc to go to the country on that very isue, asking the electors to ive them it arts l1asrA. to overthrow the constitution and establish a dictatorship, national Insolvency, and fraud. \Veather, fin and cooL--Barley grown from Call fornian seed, which produced forty bushels to the acres jas ? been .elWlblted; Oeneral,basiness doll1 Corn market qluiet. ilea ohld'wheat at 7e. -Tele. gram to,. M. H.erald. . • , \+ +-i.Fi ...., .,...t. er . rs? e BUSH FIRES IN THE YASS DISTRICT -The forest land for miles and miles into this district is in a state of conflagration. On Thursday evening Mr. Gor man, who resides at Bloomfield, on the Murrum bidgee, espied a large volume of smoke on the oppo site side of the river, and being convinced that it was a bush-fire of great force and magnitude, jumped on a horse barebacked, without waiting for a saddle, crossed the river, and gave alarm of the threatened destruction. The neighbours turned out, and through the greatest exertions succeeded in saving, as far as is known, the cultivation paddocks, but the area of grass destroyed is immense. Cummings was cutting his wheat, and at one time it appeared almost im possible to keep back the fire from it, but those engaged in the task succeeded. As there was a quantity of old grass in the back country, the smoke arose in large dense volumes, darkening the atmosphere and producing a sensation of suffocation. The fires on the main southern road extend from the other side of Bowning to a mile and a half south of Conroy's Gap, and have crossed on to the Binalong Road, through Mr. Jeremiah Murray's land. We fear that Mr. Murray will be a great sufferer by the loss of grass. It was currently reported on Thursday that the farm house, barns, and stacks of the Messrs Loomes, at the Two Mile Creek, had been entirely destroyed, and much sympathy was felt for these gentlemen who are considered to be most, indus trious and intelligent farmers, We were glad to learn, however, that the report was unfounded. As soon as the Mr'Loomes observed the approaching smoke, they rode out a distance of five miles to make observation as to the course the fire was taking. They then adopted means to protect their station from its ravages. We are informed that invariably are precautions taken to prevent the inroads of fire upon the farm, and no doubt these have saved the owners from costly disasters. There was a large bush fire burning yesterday morning on the other side of Bellevale probably a contioation of the conflagration at Bowning Hill. Should rain fall soon, the lose of grass will not be so much felt. Yass Courier. DEATH BY BURNING.—A very melancholy event occurred on Thursday, at Spring Creek, near Park wood, by which an interesting little girl was hurried to the grave. The deceased was the only child of Mr. Samuel Southwell, eldest son of Mr. John Southwell, of Gininderra Creek, and was hardly two years old. On the afternoon of the day mentioned, the unfortunate child was left by her mother in doors while she went to the creek for water. Mrs. Southwell was away not more than fire minutes, and on entering the house was shocked to find her child lying dead before the fire-place. A glance at the body and the state of the room was enough to account for death. The child was completely charred ; her clothing was burned to ashes, and was still smouldering. Deceased in her mother's absence appears to have gone to the fire and got her clothes ignited, and then to have run round the room, and finally fallen upon her face and died where she was found.—Death, from its suddenness, appeared to have been as much from the shock which the system experienced, as from the actual injuries received. The mother picked up the life- less form of her little one and went out to alarm her husband, who, was reaping in an adjoining paddock ; but of course all earthly aid was unavail ing. Dr. Morton proceeded yesterday to the place aud held on inquest on the remains. The jury returned a verdict that deceased Harriet Southwell, came by her death from injuries by fire accidentally received.—Queanbeyan Age. 314t, CoPtnAcTs.-The following transfers have been' madt-Tht' eOlnloderra and Oundaroo con. tract'from' Mr. J:A: Neill to iMr. W. O. O'Neill; the ' Ooulburo and ':Bdro 'mail froinm ;r; f Ja'ms Italons to rT. J, A, ,Neill ;. the Bloro and; Queen. beysan mail from Mr. Moran to alr. W. Itoohool' and the Micaiago and Cooma mail from-Mr. Moran to MIr. T llennedy. . All these transfers to take effect from the lst January, 1868.-Quesobeyan;Age. i. SClovncl or ENGLAND SCHOOL, QnUSNBBTAN. The, (°llowing account of a schol..ltelhas ,been com'municated to the' QueanbeyaonAge,)and,,as a spclme'n' f 'prose' run mad, certainly deserves the publicity, that, paper has given Lt.-7The,,pupils attending l'; the above.'denominational cho?ol,, and numbering between'forty and fiftly, 'were en Mon d AI last regiled'la the, following manner :-The pupils having been muatered'at tUe school.houie at ope o'clock, were duly examrivd as to their ttire which was pronounced to be 'verycroedltael.'. ;Having gone through ther'drill;' probtssion wos formed as follows:-iland of myslq tbhe scholirs, two.,an4 two, with'tbeir techers'' a co'nveyance containing the edibles; &p.; &;&ol;:end let;tithe atero r. Soarte and ble two 'daughlters in buggy. A start begig tnadb~ away.they went to.rusticate amid.ambrosial abhades and woody glens, under the-Influence of the spirit.stirting eairltule" Dritiokulise.ilikl' ' and buoyant as their young .hearts could make themt marry as crickets;. redolent'of hcalthcpnd" sbafoely to beheld In-so anxious were they to eriive`at thb goal on which their 'offectionn for the'timbbeing were uniisti?ably set.~,lleving arrived at the coveted spot, swings were soon xed and stinpipe set up, end obsilging sd'ctrich werd ndulged in with I tvst for several hours, enlivened by atirring airs and mirtial melodies... At.sx p.m, lr,. rnd re ,dbile O'Neill'(wbho were Indefatigable in thelrexetions to render the children happy and comfortable) prepatrd the evening repast, upon the grassy lawn, Ounder the shade of the, grocesfu willows And scented wattles the adjolipig rivenrmeandering otersts pebblybed affording a Eooling effect to the heated aspirnts for crslisthbnlio (ie)) onours., Urcaehaving been pro. noueced,, th' chlldren were 'supplied with tea in their ownipsnnlcah '(*al) In'true bush style; but were prevented eeslding their months by an art' bf klidness on the part of"Mrs. 'Faunes, who is known 6b poseu so much'of thd milk b bhumn.kilndnesr, that, lady supplying ?-lmtple qpan~tiy of'th? deeiro'hlo 'elattots' so congenlil to the' huimant' taste. Havisng for an hour indulged'ln'rich deintle and beverages,' thanks"< were returned."'' Once agaiis on. their', legs,' theo'" ompany: resumed "thel' games c besides ' whlcbh, the',rlevr;"' "lr. 'B olre treatbd'the 'inlanutile portion : to :' ride in "his buggy, much to their satisfaction. At saos ' p.m; ' the br proceiLon IhenI reforme 1 roturfie to their school.house, led bythe'musiu as'befor' On arriving In town three heurty cheers were giveI fur the Queen, three for the Iltrv Mr, oares, kh4 three for leachere i?nadfrlinds." The evening wes pent In? rmeu of blind.mrn'abfbi,' &adn; id' closed by lining the national anthem and 'the' dooology. r, Mhbegan, the Jndfatlg'ale 'iouperlirletoldiot of the 8uuday.*chool in connreotion with then Came church, acconipnialed !the ptrooesioii'On Its 'way home; and beolure prting'(the chidreh' gpave him also three lusty, cheers, besides three fortPrince Alfred and the royalI:abily.'Al",th. school'will not be formally examined untilthe mldwinter recess,' prises were nott'awtded' but in order to cncoursgs ther? deaeruing cues, thehev. r.1r,:'oares 'gave a liberal donation to the school In the shep'e of tickets to a bluar, at 'which the' holdr' 'could purchase anything' to'. the' amountsu"rapectively awarded tham . . + i lt* u ''- trrvre "'ar" \'l ,l, ?c~v r , ,·rP .'r en,, \- Au.mve. - 'Friday.r- 'A man aimbd 'James' Noonan, employed. e nglno-drlver'on the Chlna. men's'clalm, ws aecldenlallyy killed I'the boiler burst, mutilatin'r his' body fearlfully. I A' portilon of the engine wase blown Iho the ereek,l'An inquest will be held beford Dr.' Pattison to.dy.-~8lsturdsy Sp.m.-A man named IdOCool was drowned'tht eveningwhil' hlathingIn a weterhols.-Eltenslve ush.fires arre' blornig all round the vtlley.,''Telt; grams to 5. lM. 1erald; 8 ''4:1' s Il 1. 1 ,t(,i /fWo Voxuo.io.- ridar..-'.1se,ainlistrs of W o ongong distri, hbaving been commdplcated with by he clergymen of Kiem and Shoslhaven districts on te sBltJectho*a day of bnmiliation and.prayer, hiee wrilt*n to the heald of the 'several denominea tinns In Sydney, pra)Jng them to ask the acting Uo¢trnor to appoint such a solemn obserrnce by the whole cnlony.-Telreram to 8. II. Herald.--[t I: not tallad here what the object in view is; but it reeme probable that it has reference to the present dro»Kht.)lt / , i , ; » , ' * ATrrtIrrrn lfviDoa.-The Newcastle Chronlcli reports that "a little before twelve o'clock on Tues day night informatlion was received In ewcasllte thabit a murder had, aomy short time previounly, bean committed at the Blortbola;, Fromwhatinormt ion could be gleaned, it would apper that a mai of the names'of V. Craigb; employed as a miner In the Borehole pit, bad during tbe day been Imbibing Ireely In,intoxicatiJg drinks, and had some short tim9 tefqerduak .retaraed;to hi home, where an altercation arose between hbmself and wife, when he raised his pick and deliberately struck the nnforlu. nate 'womari'en the head, inflicting, a frightful oound. Th police immedliteqly,on being epprised of the murider, proceeded to the scene of the outrage. We are happy to state the woman,though frightfully cut about, was not killed on the epot, as reported. The first blow struck her in the small of the back, the nexy on her right hend, and the third on one of her 1rma.' uothb her arm knd iand *wre reinplettly perldr(tte by the' hlow' Mrr. Craigh ultimately got odt+,of'bsr .brutal .huband'',reach bh.fptling throuighoneot the slabs'of the hat' Cralgh made his eacppp, and hase notyett.been ypttird.d i:c('>' J Arrar atiim abKr L'oan lSCoTrt or A' CeIMIKe.'; On Thursday morning last, at four a.m., senior. cnnstable Stapyjton sand Constal)e .altthewa, of, hl hJor's Creelr, procieeded to th hut 'of i' Chinaimn at' Jmbalicumbene~yh6oia they believed' toibe the perpetrator of several robberies of late in that and other nelghbourhoods, and sucereding in finieog tip,lbhey )pprethended 'hiaT.) ? IIli'g( 'plafdtheb handecffs pord binm, they wiere e gnged in searching the hut lor stolen property, a quantity of which they found lying about, and while' so engaged the prisoner, handcuffed as he was, made to the door of the but and bolted., Bltpyltoq rushei out after hin and c*lled upon' the fugitlve to atop, a summons which he did not choose to'bey, upon which diapyl. ton fired upon him, when the Chinaman fell to the *round wupnded, ,hating been, hot in the back. -'he wunded prisoner'and the goodlote pected to be stolen which .were. found In the hut,' were removed into Draldwood Jn a Cart. The prisoner, whose name In On' Gong, wea attended by"Dr.' Pattison, who found that the bullet had entered the amall of the back and was reting just Inaide the akin' at front of hia stomach,'having paeed, ight through his body. ..The ball was taken;out, andt it il not expected he will survive many days. Several articles of.stolen property found, in his hut. have been identified as the property' of Mr: T.'Jl Roberts, i'rs. liackellar, and. lr;.Dran«teld, all ofIwhom;,' with'other reeldehltbiye'hb d their premisesenteredr nd robbed on several occasions during the' att three or four months. Some of the proceeds 9( itty rob.beris In .other .docalitle have also' ben ound amongst the things likpn possessloi of. .lr, ororvpll' resideinco at the southerfn'nd of!thi town was robbed one night about a' fortnl(htiago and'd' 'qUantlty of l'agar and othec things taken out of'the *litchen. A dieper towel with his name upon It ie : nthe cpture i booty, and the towel retains upon it prticles of sugar, a if It had beenn . ed for' arrying awy! the : sugr 'stolen." Even' the" rug which priioner had on him is believed to be the property of the HIon. Hugh Wallace, who lost it lome tune aiCe.s' 'I "I.' hardly likely that the wounded man will bej permi?tted to answer in this worldt'he maniiychargei of robbery which can be brought agalnst him.--Draldwood Dispatch. - .. " a FIK» I IlclEANr.taruir, YAse.-Shortly afler two o'clock on Thbrpday alternbon'lasil' ahel, men. sring saome aixleen feet in length, the proplerty of lMr. Mlyles, of lleshan.atreetl and which at the time ontralnd, bheide -two,oarriages, about thbirlyflve cwt to twolons 'of hiy, was totally'destro.ed by fire, the carriages, however, being aaved fron the nfligrtlon.j Thei' building ,wa lammnediately at the rear of, lr.' O'Rourkea cottage, and one end nearly touched the kitchen'attached to it. , It was builtt of Tlabi;'covered with :h'rk roof, with the exceptlon of the further end,/where the wehiclea had been pltaed,'whlch was roofed with corrugatedi iron, the sdes beilpg of. bark.''lMr. Fr'aok Uoodwrld,"hbo 1ite'srclose by, while sitling ln his cottage remarked that there was an unnInua quantity of smoke In the atmoosphere,'ind had ecarcely made the observation wbesn Mrs; O tourke gave the alarm that )ylea's shed was on fire. * y this time Mr. James Ho Guire and MI r. lliram Quln were on thbgroupd and aplie4 them. selves with Mr; .Oodwin to asrlpping the roofof the kitchen of the bark, while the furniture was being removed, with the asiltance of the neighbours, from the cottage.' At this time the fliame bud plercyd the roo 'of the bhed, aridd In'leas'than Bfe oinutei'the 'whole place.was i a blaze.. I The cardrles had for* iunately be'en'got'out at the.verycommencrament, but nqt',wtlllut.,*nm 'difiloulty.. A'lrge body of iteighbor and others were »oon on the ground, num= bering we should say'more than a Lundred. Mr. Sub- inspector ,Drennep,: senior.co'ostable' Mi~phy; knd bthers of the police were present.blThere was a ilemitiful supply'of buckets as well aI wate,'eahd hearty exertions were made to prevent the fire from spreading.' 'WVet sacki aend blankete were placed on that side of the roof of.UO'ourke's cottage most ezposed to igtllion, aad.this preeaytlonno doubt saved the'plces." The'wind. was blowing In the direction of a vacant piece of land; bad it taken any other'one the disaster would.have been greatly aggravattd. Ac it was, the flame kept licking the dry grass In closo.proximtity'to tbe shed and was rapidly makinglts way-towarde a hut thqt was ouverad with rveryTold~lringyj bark. 'i Alth'6ugh itetr'waa'aibhndlatly used to arreat Its prograts the ruof three ltimes Inited I 'but the place being cloely ulitched the lrei was quickly extinguished.. A panln ful:tight wa preaented'a the old 'hed berame heap of ruinst a rabbit which had'evidently been held a prisoner there mede itIs tcape In a half.roasted salae and hopped' aboutibac?ieWadd rd forwards till some Iriendly hand gave it a deathblow,. The origin of .thbefire is involved Ii mystlty,, ut to the pipe II charied'tlbs toalemity.,,,.t does appear 'the hseiht 'of Ivjudicluspoeai to ecro. these roudh shede rbooaed 'lih blglhly ltllBmmaule materrls close to dwelllng,, especially when. sed for storing hay. lad the ,fre occurred at night, or had ;the wind blowjs,in a differintdei~lltin,lt would: be hard: to la» whrat amount of rlary would have ensued. .PASolntu'AcrtldBs.-.The 'rbe re three.&btctiol; eIldown for trial at, Denll. qilon apreme Court aittlngaI ti'Januaryi euat,. 6nc. oected with the dam disputes. They are-Dgrlot v; .ayilion,, Diokson *, the same; and uicketson T. the same. In the first case the damages are' ala it 0.000, in t(he' seoond: 8000,: and'In't 'thdird d 000. The plaintiffs held rune on the'Dillabong ,eek, about thirty miles from Denlliquin, and are all squatler. The defendant is Mr. Samue luiop, Ibe'wail.known 'qiuiitter (6f Wilson Brotherl); ho iseehrged with plptingr;oam 'acrols th Dillabong, .o' the inury ol the plalntiffsr,..whooe itallons were ituataed below M r..Wiliop'»,;on othek'atne'reek. Sir Williamul'ting knd.lr?,1lutler.are 'peoially etatlned:for theldefendahlt'l while the Solicitor. Osneral, Mr. Isaass, and lr. . ;Stephen are for the .. aihllfis. 'Tbt Chief.Juatlcle I? eapeoled to preside. l r.' Iobertaion.' of e'Dtnlllqulri' 'eolicitdr? or ibhe plelitilse aad';Ir"'J1ffery, of the' smle, h or "the dfendsnth' ,: "p l ace, Is f ,; Iuroineno AT MAnnsoo, on the 2plh Decemb1e from larenogd Fliat.lby.lr, Andrew' MOIllI, for Irepapsl In hIi,besatl/paddockllldrivlng chbrge, -.' 6d.,eeach idamages, us. each l--Ilack and wChit1 bullock, .NuD ner ribs, broken in i spotted bullock, JFG near ribs, bell.on, broke ini yellow bullock 0 off ribs, heart'Oft loin, broken In. To be sold on Jsnuary.23rd. .. ,.;l ,., ,; -. ,. «,e .,le',I l ;i ; !,ooPnaneq T 'inoo, e n. 20th,Deccmber:;;from Waterl~o' Eltalr, by order of John Cropper,'sqM - loan'orkin'g bulluck, ofl ear martked, branded D In circle bff rump, 'whip marked i . white : working bullock, off ear marked, branded like JW conjoined on rmp olffide,, like JW coojoined on ribs offtide; X! on',tbsoulder ofit ide,'like X antthigh off aide, whip. nn.kedi'. To bIe tld on 2lrd January. . j 