AGRIGULTURAL- REPORT. ?"WnDSESDAYi-TAN.-1. Tho'lproduco ?market' is very doll again. ÍFlour'is in no demnnilfcxcept'for immediate trade'Crcqu'ir&ments.;'as thero/is' great unccr "iainty, about, prioes being, maintained. A feeling j is gaining ground that prices were ?rusliod up too suddenly, and transactions could MOW "be effected at rates much'below those quoted.. As with flour, so wheat is nob sale -able at the extreme prices obtained in. some- instances last week. Oats are also declining, .apparently because more are .offering ' at some of the up-country maikets than buyers are to be found .for. There will bo no such scarcity as was too hastily^ predicted by those who believed i so readily im the general failure of this crop. Maiüo is also on the turn downward again here, although it is still rising ¡ at Sydney. Tuero -was a brisk demand for hay during the first two days of the week, and last week's pricos -weie fully maintained. The high winds of the last few days must liave done much injury, to tho farmers, in "blowing down their hay-stacks, and shaking out some of the ripest grain. ; but the rain ?was not heavy enough to havo done much mischief. As the harvest advances better . accounts aie received of the yield and pros- pects hi every part of the colony. Thus, from Bellerine, where the complaints are genc lally loudest, the latest news is " the potato \- crop is good ; onions are looking well ; some of tho wheat is rusted, but a considerable portion of the ciop is very good." In tho diffeicnt portions of rich agricultural country around Ballarat failures are paitial, and principally confined to the oat ciop. But in addition to the quantity of land sown by the ordinary farméis, very many patches of new -and good land have been sown with this grain by selectora of Government land, and they have mostly good crops, which will in some degree make up for the deficiency. As the ical state of the case is becoming more gen« ally known, fears about an actual scarcity \- of horse-corn aio fast disappearing. Therefore those who weie eager purchasers of all lots offered a week or ten days since are now refusing to buy moro at present. The yield of wheat is expected to be some two or three "bushels an acic below the aveiagu of last year, but in few cases more than that. Ac- counts from the districts farther west have not changed within the last few days, except that caterpillars had appeared numerously in places, but rhthei late to do vciy much mis \- chief. Fiom the Kyneton district the report is that the crops on tho whole are superior, "but that there aro failures in spots. Harvest lias eoinmenced on the Redesdale sido, .which 'was' thought to have sufleicd most, and it is now allowed that the yield theio is turning out very much better 'than ?was at first anticipated. Accounts from all the gold- fields agi ce instating thatveiy much . of the now land taken up .under the 42nd clause has been brought into cultivation this . year, and is bearing good crops. This will liave a great effect in counterbalancing Hit faihnes on the older fauns, and keeping ur, the total yield of the colony to a large amount.. Statistics will be looked for moie anxiously this year'than ever, and there is no doubt that they nuist show alaige incieasc in tho' extent) 'of land under cultivation, "whntovci the yield per acre may be. In South Australia it has been proposed thal they should be collected a month earlier than usual, and probably it would be advantageous to do so here also, as the yield of grain is oi anost consequence, and that could be uscer taincd . nearly as well in February os ii: March. In several parts of New South Wales th¡ diought' still continues, and is beginning ti be seriously felt, especially as bush-fires'an raging in all diiections and supplies of vváte: aie failing. A fair quantity of wheat appeal; to have been gathered in most of the agrieul turnl districts, but the maize crop will bi scanty., Pleuro-pneumonia is spreading t< rather an alarming extent amongst the cattli in the northern parts of the colony and ii Queensland, and the disease is moro fata than it has been for some yeais past. Inocu lation is.proving to bo such an eflectual safe guai d, that it isbecoming the practice through out tho infected tract of country to inoculati every calf as it is biauded, even when it i not thought advisable to go to the trouble o operating on the old cattle. The most gloomy forebodings about th .harvest' in South Australia do not appen likely to be realised. Many fanneis will b left without means to pay their debts or hu seed wheat for next year ; but the Regi&te; shows that, even if the average yield of th . colony be no better than the lowest stated five bushels to the acre-there will still be full allowance of food for tho inhnbitanti seed for an inci eased acreage of land agai licxtyear, and somcl2,459 tons of flour to spai for expoitation. This, of course, is a sina auiount'compnrcd with the 104,000 tons of a estimated surplus last year ; but even at th lowest calculation theie cannot possibly bo scarcity/ and the yield is moro likely t average eight or nine bushels to the ncr< .which would give somo 50,000 tons forexporti tion instead of the smaller quantity. Ali to show that the higher average is likely t be i cached, we take a few extracts from th country ícports in the samo paper, aceordin to theil1 dates :-" Port Elliot, Dec. 18. Harvest' operations have become genein a considerable poition of the season crop has already been cut, and the resu lias fully justified the statements that hav "been made as to the gloomy prospects < the faimcrs. Many of the scttlcis here ai of opinion that the average yield in the di trict will not exceed five bushels to the acie " Hamilton,, Dec. l8.-Soveral of the farme , Lave commenced reaping in this ncighbou ,3iood, and the yield is in one case twenf bushels .to the acic, and in othcis a fa , average erop.i The grain generally is smalli , than that of last year, but most of it is wc .filled." '" Mount Gambier, Dec. 20.-Brief ,refei ring' again' to tho crops, while I am ful awaie that theie arc some excellent field yet it is pietty cortain that wo shall in avejage moie than twelve or fifteen bushe to the acre." "Kapunda, Dec. 20.-TI crops to the east of Kapunda aie turning oi better than in many otlior parts of the colon; and I think there is every likelihood of oi obtaining u larger quantity of wheat the any other township iu the colony this year "Port Lincoln, Dec. 21.-The crops in ti immediate vicinity of Part .Lincoln aro loo' ing first rate; .ono, in particular, will nvera¡ twenty-five bushels to tile ,acie." "Ang Vale, Dee. 25.-Many fanneis here lim finished , leaping and cleaning, and in u , cases w ith very poor results. The avérai lier aciofor the whole district will not excel two or threo bushel«, and that, too, of ve: inferior quality ; while there are some pai docks that will yield cix or eight bushels i theacic." "Port Wakefield, Dee. 20.-TI , samples of wheat that liave come in are i .aveiago quality. . . . I linvo had sever samples forwaidod fiom the Upper Wak field district, which mo ajniost equal to ar .'old v\lieat. Hajiy of ,the fanners estimai their nvetngo at twenty buehcls to the acre ?Thus theyields aro estimated at far above ti jiivo bushels in so many districts, and at less i ,<30 few (and these ex ti acts vvero not seleçtei but taken as they carne), that the lüghi JWCI age spoken of for the whole colony, an the 130,000 tons of Hour for exportation, mc tnirly be calculated on. Notice has been given by tho secretary i the poit Phillip Farmers' Society .that ti) trial of reaping machines in tho held will I lield ,to-morrow (Thursday), at Mr. Corrigan farm, ¡near Broadmeadows. . ' " -- THE Board of Ti ade has suspended the ce; tinentos of Captain Barnton, and Johnson, hi second mhto, on tho charge of negligcuce, b ?which the Jiwgp steamer was lost, on th Eddystone. , 