TOMAGO. 1 have but very little news to communicate ' this wiek. The weather has been fine and warm for the last few days, and if it continues so, we may expect to have an abundance of grass before long ; in the moantime all the grazing ground is very bare. ' ? The crops are looking remarkably well, lucerno and. barley in particular. I under stand: that soveral of tho farmers in this district urn miner to nlant somo of the suaarboet this .season: One of. the settlers hero tried a little of it last year, bnt owing to the great heat and the drought that prevailed at the time, it did not thrive. After the plants grew an inch or two above the ground, they withered: ? Several persons in this district wore somewhat astonished, last Sunday, at seeing a large star (evidently one of the planets^ in the N. N. West, about half-past eleven in the forenoon. It was travelling' rapidly towards, the west.. It is 'rather probable that it was tho evening star. I 'don't know whether it is usual for a star or staw to bo visible in the middle of the day. Those who saw the star in question, don't recollect having seen a star on any previous occasion so early in the day as tho one referred- to. But 1 am told that the 'stars can be seen from the bottom of a deep shaft at any time of the day. I have been informed that a settler, who resides a few miles from hero, has in his employ a boy, eleven or twelve years old, that smokes a quarter of a pound of tobacco a week. The little fellow must get his weekly allowance if it can at all be got. It is nothing unusual in these days to see boys smoking, but tho boy in question surpasses all of his age in this direction that I havo heard of. There) is .a notion prevalent amo jig, boys, that they are not manly if they don't sm6ke,'but is it auy wonder, though boys do smoke, when those who should know better, sets the example? Most of the destructive bushfires that occur from timo to time in this district, as well as in many other places, originate by careless smokers. ..September 3, 1868. 