COUNTRY NEWS. EIGHT or nine families have been burned out by a bush fire in the Woodford Forest, near Portland. This is said- to be the largest fire that has occurred in that locality for the last eight years. A BOY named Trematic has been drowned while bathing in the Tullaroop Creek, above Clunes. A YOUNG man named Coultard, who with two others was capsized an a boat on the Thompson River, was drowned. ON Tuesday night, a miner, named David Ellis, was accidentally lulled while working in a drive on Christmas Reef, by the roof falling JO upon him. THE unusually hot weather of the last fortnight has been accompanied by several bush-fires ; some of them of an extensive and severely destructive character. By one in Bullarook, large quantities of firewood, mining and other timber, has been destroyed. Near Altona, about five miles outside Williamstown, about £500 worth of property chiefly consisting of grass and fencing in the paddocks of Mr. Wilsmore and Mr. Langhorne, has been destroyed. MBS. JAKE ADAMSON has been found dead on the roadside near Arrarat. According to the verdict of a jury she had died from heat, apoplexy accelerated by excessive drinking. A tree which he had been cutting down by falling upon William Baxter at Murphy's Flat, near Dunolly, has caused his death. ME. BAEEETT, farmer of Murcliison, in whose garden a man named John M'Donald was badly injured by a spring-gun, has been arrested for setting it. AT a recent trial of speed a steam threshing-machine belonging to Mr. Young, of Evansford, threshed out 141 bushels of wheat, in excellent style, in fifty-seven minutes. MB. KEIGSBAN is still firm in his belief that the racehorse Exile was poisoned, and still hopes that the miscreant who dealt so treacherously with the animal will be discovered. IK opposition to the wish of the engineer-in- chief, Mr. Greenwood, contractor on the Malmsbury reservoir, turned the Coliban -water-course into the basin, and the Board of Land and Works by turning it back into its natural channel has caused an obstruction in the works which is likely to lead to law proceedings against them for breach of contract. MBS MAET BEHKILL, the Ballarat infant-farmer, denies, in a letter to the Star, that within a short time five children out of tea died in her charge, and alleges that but two out of many have died in two years. But the Star gives the name of five. THE Star has the following paragraph:—" What internal mysteries of finance there exist within the innermost wards of the ' liberal' Government's dead-lock Are do not know,and cannot explain how it is, though we rejoice to hear, that, while some five or six months' pay is in arrear with most of the civil service, the teachers of common schools get their State subsidies regularly." IT has come to light that some Chinamen, while working at the Old Lead, Dunolly, last week, picked up a nugget weighing • nearly 8 lb. THE Geelong bakers have raised the price of bread to 9d. the 4lb.- loaf. The price in Melbourne is 8d. IT is known that at least seventy- five persons from Ballarat will be passengers by the Great Britain from Melbourne. A CHILD of Mr. Dunn, schoolmaster at Rosedale, has met with a horrible death. While playing, the lad was attacked by a cow, that, tossing him upon its horns, inflicted injuries that caused death. MESSRS. SOCTHWOOD and SDMPTON, grocers, of Ballarat, are now, , according to the Star, selling a Stilton cheese of Victorian make, and of a quality most excellent. IF the proprietor of the Colae Observer bear his troubles patiently, and they increase but a little, he will become a second Job. He offers a reward of £25 for information that may lead to the conviction of persons who have been annoying him.—1. By stabbing a foal on his premises; 2. By throwing stones at his residence, sufficient to cause great alarm; and 3. By attempting to break open the front door of his oflice. Besides, he has been assaulted, and a fine of Is. only inflicted on his assailant. "Truly an unfortunate man" is this newspaper proprietor. THE Warrenheip Distillery Company, by engaging the services of a Dutch distiller, have at length succeeded in producing a spirit pronounced by competent judges equal to the imported Geneva. THE saw mills in the occupation of Mr. John Robertson, of Geelong, ave been destroyed by fire. A BOY, five years old, son of Mr. John Henwood, Smythesdale, has een drowned by falling into a waterhole, by the side of wh;ch he was playing. A VALUABLE horse, belonging to Mr. Parrington, Avoca, whi!e ubbing his head in the fork of a tree got it jammed, and so was sufocated. A NATIVE war is imminent between the Mitchell and the Lake ictoria tribes of blacks; a gin, who is coveted by one of the hostile arty, being the Helen of the affair. AT a meeting of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society r. Dalgleish recommended that a prize of £25 should be given at he annual show for the best steam thrashing-machine with firengine attached; but it was determined not to discuss the matter ill the annual meeting. Jt was stated that the cost of a fire-engine ould be about £25. AT Ballarat sparrows are voted a nuisance, and at Castlemaine hey want them. THE Shire Council of Bannockburn are about to ask the Governent to have the thistles extirpated on abandoned allotments taken up nder the 42nd clause. A DAY'S racing will take place at Lake Cooper on St. Patrick's ay. HEMP has been grown successfully in the neighbourhood of rentham. IN the case of the woman Williams, whose body was found in a ater- hole at Colac, a jury have returned a verdict of murder against ome person or persons unknown. A MAN named John Carr, aged seventy, who had made a living by upplying the inhabitants with water and pipeclay, has lust his life y falling into a water-hole from which he was drawing water while ntoxicated. 