HOBDAY, DECE.MBHR 28, I SOS hViiEn the last mail lel(, England has passing through political excite ment which has not been known in jhat country since the passing of (ho prst Reform Bill. Now, as then, the great and compact comcrvative parly are making a determined stand to preserve the influence they have Trem lime immemorial been accus tomed to exercise, whilst the re formers leave no means unem|il.-;-x.(i to secure th* preponderance of their party in the new Parliament. Whilst the reformers confidently expect- to have a large working majority in the reformed House of Commons, it duas not appear that the extreme demo crats, or. working men as tliev are sometimes called, tu'e likely to obtain seals in any considerable numbers, even under an electoral system based on household sufirtige. This shows how eminently conservative the English community is, in the main, and how harmless amongst such a people-is the experiment made from time to time of enlarging the basis of the electoral power, and admitting increased numbers to t >e possession of the franchise. Doubtless the dif ficulties thrown in the way of obtain ing the qualification, and the great exertions of the conservative party to preserve their ancient pres tige, by following the advice of their great leader on a former occasion to make good use of the machinery of the registration courts, is ihe principal c-iuse nhv property, influence, and traditionary lame are now holding their own, notwithstanding (he pre ponderance of numbers under the new regime. II the Liberals obtain a majority of only 100 in the new Parliament, as u generally intimated, there will not be much cause of boasting on their part, as this majo rity will be subject to constant dhninutio/i from the diversity of views entertuiiKtl by that parly, whilst the opponents of ch-jnge will form a serried phalanx which, led on by an experienced and veteran statesman, will form a powerful drag on the wheels of democracy if they ure unable to resist the progress of the reforms on which the majority of the nation have set their minds. It is curious to notice the fact that Roebuck and several others who were leaders of ti e people in the first reform movement, have fallen in the public estimation, and in some cases ,. been excluded from parlia ment. This seems to illustrate the remark of an eminent Frenchman that revolutions' like Saturn, devour their own children. The greatest deinocruts in time become too conser vative for the age in which tlicy live j aud for wmit of keeping pace with ! the new ideas, lost1 the confuleuce ' of the progressive [.ortioti of the | public, and are supposed to bo (lis. | qualified for further us^(iiloes,s The I same phenomenon is strikingly maui j foht iu tliis colony at the present time, where tho veteian statesmen who presided at the ii>flti{jiti'n(ioir of our poli'.icai system are compelled to give, place,to bolder and move pro , •jrrssive men, who it themselves j to the" ever increasing progression i which is an established la\V in poli tical as in every other kind of life. In all probability, had the ballot heen a part of the new English Rpf >rm Act, a V-'vy different state of ' hint's would have taken place, and till voting bv ballot become the law of the land, the real views and feelings of the English will be but imperfectly reflected in the.House- of Represen tatives. The'enormous'.sums spent in elections by the nobility and moneyed classes, and the inflncnce which the wealthy employers of labor can exercise over tbeir poor depen dants, ruusl ever place large masses of tho people at the mercy of a few individuals,-^'ho will t;dnip'el them to vote us they may choose to dictatc. No doubt, the ballot would be as fatal, the Whig as to -'Tory doini-j nation. Tlio employers of labor in each political party are equally adepts in the art of driving unwilling voters to the poll, and ol forcing into their services the consciences us well as the labor of their followers. Old colonists who find themselves in the excitement and turbulence of an English electioneering contest must be in a position to contrast favorably the colonial with the home mode of conducting elections., Iii this respect tho colony is fur in advance of the mother country, and may without impropriety teach a lesson to its illustrious parent. Notwithstanding the Ibrco displayed by the great con servative party during tho present elections, the verdict ot the countrv is unmistakably in favour ot the destruction of the great abuse which is made the rallying point of both parties in this furious contest. The fact that the disestablishment of the Iri■-11 church is championed by a dis ciple oi the Peel school, is conclusive that tlie abuse is regarded as a cry ing one, and its removal necessary to vindicate the national character. Not without a deep ser.so of the necessity of tho reform,—would Mr Gladstone, imitating hiss great patron, contradict tho vieivs propounded in his early career and become the fearless assailant of institutions which he had previously defended, both by tongue and pen with no common waninli and eloquence. Wo lind that his ndresse.s to the people are exhaustive lectures on the subject of establishments, and ilu'to circulated by th" pros* throughout the United Kingdom, form the text book from which an inexiiaustiblo supply of fact and arguneni is drawn by his numerous and enthusiastic nartv That his able and wary opponent' ^ili be equal lo the exigencies ol ttw occasion, mil do all that his party expects I'om him no one can douul, but the di/Jerenco between the two cries will he that, whilst Disraeli is the intrepid ajjtl impas sioned defetidci of a system which iius antiquity aid vested rights to p'ead in tavour of its being pre served with iiviolable sanctity: Gladstone is tht equally fearless ex ponent ot' principles which lie at the ■ basis o{ national justice, and which are sure to tnuiiph in tho end, be cause the enlightenment of tho national conscietco has compelled it to an energy and resoluteness of action not equaled since the first relorm era, during which slavery was abolished, and mi impulse communi cated to freedom in every part of tho British di>:;iinioi:s. An earthquake tlioy say has bec.i felt in England, but it has caused less sensation than the struggle ol J.arty to uphold and destroy the monster abuse ol the English church establishment in Ireland, Tim following jland» will be proclaimed open for leasing ;ou the dated specified:— Land oOico ut Silc—W. T* P.nvson, Esq.* Land otlicer—Agricultural uroa—To l>o opon for leasing on *nd alter Tuesday, tho 2i)th day of December, 1808:—Moilison'a Bridge (B)—Parish ol Winnindoo; allotments I7ab, see. 15., Meerlieu. (B)—Parish of Mcerlieu; allotment* >lu, l», see. 52. Laud oflico at Bairusdalo—J. G. \Y. Wilmot, lisq. Land officer—Agricultural areas—To be open fur leading on and after Tuesday, the 29th day of December, 18G8—Bengworden (B)—Parish of Ben^worden Stnlli; allotments lb,sec. 12? 2a, sec. 13; lb, see. 14; 2h, sec. 15. Tho underiuem oned mining leases have been forwarded to tho offioa of Mr Wurdtu Foster, for e.^eeutiun by iho lessees, who are requested to atfe.id lo them forthwith:— Gippsland District—Crooked ltiver Division. Least1 No. 57, daitd■7ih1Drcembor, 1803; 15 years; A T Dembicki; 17tv~v I2p; £17 Us Cd. "Lease No. 58,dated 7th December, 18f»8; 15 years; T N Spcng and W Lightbound; 8a :2r Ipj jCS 10s 2d, Lease No. O'J, dated luth December, UCS; 15 yeara; W Manuel, 1* Styers, J DicMtis'un, and \Y Vurn; 10a iir 27p; £10 13s Gd. Jericho Division—Lease No. GO, duicd 7tii December, 18GS; 15 years; M Barker; 8a Or Sip; IS 2=t Sd. Lease No. Gl, dated 10th December, 18G8; 5 years; J M'Milhtn and, D M'MiJJanj Ia2r32p; -£i S4*. Stringer's Creek Division—Least? No. 63, dated 10th December, L> years; the Longfellow's Gold Mining ' Oouipuny (re gistered); 10a 2r 2Gp; ilO 13u 4d, The absence of tho ..master- of the Sale School from town, having delayed; the publi cation of the annual report and*, tfro diatribu* J tion of prizes, it wua thought:- costrable by 1 snmo to defer n notice of "the ex'atninntion till ■tho prizes should'be 'distributed, 'At the I request of pjvcral persons, however, who taUo | au interest in the school,.we roako ihe follow j in^ statement (—The children in the Common |.School were exomined'by Mrsarsj Fatten, • Bush»>, Farran and English, who expressed themselves highly satisfied with tlio progress of tho pupils. The examiner in grammar ! states that the third class, numbering about forty;-could with- scarcely on 1 exieptioiy :'correctly point out tho. parts of speech in every sentence given them, and ft Fair propor tion gave fair parsing. The fourth cln$3 pan^ parse easy sentences with correctness, and the fifth could parse any ordinary sentence, and had the whole of tho Board's grammar by heart In some-rather complicated sentences no error could be detected iu the work ot • about a dozen* and to arrive at the names of the most intelligent, the examiner had to givo them sotnu difficulty and disconnected pieces of poetry, which they analysed and parsed in a very satisfactory manner. The report of tho examiners generally was that the ehildrcnhad .boon wall taught,1 and that'4heif proficiency j I could only bo tho result of patient and labori | dUi efforts on the part of tho teachers. Tho ■ | teaching is not merely mechanical, it ia intel | ligent and inductive. The children were very, i attentive and much interested in the examina tion. They wore clean, well dressed, and cheerful, and seemed to like their work* The girls' needlework was exnminod by Mrs Busho and Mrs English, who reported tho specimens to be remarkably good, somo of them being highly indicative of industry and skill. The exemplars were accompanied •' by numbers only, without the names of the pupils who competed. The prizes awarded fell to those pupils whom their, instructors expected would receive them. As previously 1 intimated, a general report of tho examination ! and the names of tho successful scholars wil^ [ appear when the teachers return from their , holidays. Tho examination papers used in i the Grummar School are beforo us, and from them a good deal might be said'of tho pro gress of the institutions The questions in mathematics, French, Latin, and Greo* are such as lire calculated to test tho acumen and efficiency of the pupils, and we doubt not that a broad and solid basis is laid for futuro ac- ! quirements. Pending the publication of further detail, we can conscientiously congra tulate the public of Sale and its neighborhood on the satisfnclorj' manner in which theso 1 schools are conducted, furnishing the means i of education to a large number of children of both sexes, and qualifying.them to discharge the duties of lit\> in n manner creditable to ■ themselves and useful to society. 1 • Wo are requested to draw attention to tho fact that the sports advertised'to take pluco ut KalclilluVHotvl, Tarraville, will take pluco on Kow Year's day ; and that tho' ball is for dancing the old year out and the new year in. We understand that u poor fellow named .1 no. Lucas of Bruthen Creek,, met with u serious accident a few days ago, the wheel of u laden dray having passed over his foot and crushed it badly. i A Commission will lie held at Saio to-day | to investigate application* under the 42nd clrtne of the Amending Laud Act* Thursday was a day long to be re membered in Gippslund for wind and heat. During the whole day a perfect sirocco blew with prodigious violenco, prostrating man and beast, scorching vegetation, and kindling cc-n-. conflagrations in all directions. Over most of the wooded country the bush was on fire, and in many parts serious damage was done to pro perty. Wo hear of several who have sustained the loss of crops, including Mr Cobain, of Maffra, who is a great sufferer. In the Rose dale district; the fires were everywhere pre scut, alaiuiiug tho settlers, and in aome instances destroying the products of their labor.' Dcsailly'a Mat, in the neighborhood of Sale, U quite burnt up, Mowburn Park has also suffered aevorelj', and so injurious have been the effects of tho hot winds that scarcely i a blade of grass is anywhere to be seen. At Freestone Creek the ravages of bush fires have been particularly felt, and many narrow escapes from danger are reported. The whole of the Sale plains wore enveloped in a thick cloud of dust and smoke about 5 p.m., wheu the wind changed and a slight thunder storm showed that tho country was fiaio,'for tho present at least, irom the .horrors of a Black Thursday like that whose ravages ar*j recorded in colonial annals. Wo see from the Melbourne papers that the heat extended all over the colony. In another column will bo found extracts from the Mining Surveyors' reports. The statistical results shall appear in our next. The races and sports at Maffra, on Satur day, were a great success ? our icport came too lato for iuserliou. • It shall uppuar on Thursday. ' . The accounts from Freestone Creek, res- pecting the bushfires, are most distressing. Nearly all the tents were destroyed, and a great number of cattle are said to have perished. People had to lake to the water to save themselves from the fires, which ex- tended so rapidly as almost to render escape impossible. Iu the divorce case of Thompson v Thomp son, tho court, on Thursday, pronounced u decree for dissolution ol moniage as prayed tor by the husband, on tho ground bfadjiUory und drunkenness. Title deeds for the following persona now nwait issue at the Keceipt and Fay office, Sale, for the following persons»Elijuh Chance, Walhallaj J. J. English, Wurruk Wurruk; John M'Millau, Wy Yung; Jamea Worsley, Wy Yung. Messrs Kasner and Moss, opticians of Col lins street, Melbourne, intimate that the ther mometer within doors, on Thursday morning, registered 05. 50* the highest indication since January Jcth, 18UG, v.Iun it was the same, In Adelaide if wan also intensely hot on TJiura* day, the thermometer ^indicating lu7 'in . the shade. (The bathing place on tho Thomson river having become quite n place of public resort, , tho Sale Borough Council have felt it noces I sary to fix tho hours at which males anil f females shall bafho. Tho lime for males 'is boforo 8 a.m. and after 4 p.m., anil for f'e I males from 8 a.m. to 3.30 p.m...,Soma r&gn; lation of ilifs Kind >vus absolutely nccrssury. as great inconvenience was felt t the sixo8 appearing on the river,for tho purpose of bath ing, at tho same time. Some difficulty was ex perienced in fixing the hours, andjan opinion •was'expressed that o second bathing place would he found necessary totncot, tho requiru mentsjof/tho „c6m'mhnity; ' To"' this it was replied that there is no other safo bathing pluce on tho Thomson river. The iinprore .^ncnts luadcaro certainly a great publio boon, and those councillors deserve credit who to<;k the initiative in the movement in favor ol publio baths. , To morrow tho readings and concert take place at Alberton. A very interesting pro gramme is announced,- and we doubt not the bntertairiment will be as successful as tho pro vious onos have been.. ' It will bo seen that tho Market question' has advanced anothor stage, tho Salo Borough Council having passed a resolution to consider the report of the joint committee in connexion with tho Dchedulo of works and appropriation at tho beginning of next year. The commit tee consider that tho balance of public opinion is in favor of a market on a small scalo, and at a moderato outlay to coramenco with. There can be little doubt that a market is as necessary to Salo as any of' the other institu tions with which it is favored, ' It is purely a question of expense ot tho outset. Beginning i in a humble way, and increasing in extent , and efficiency as population and resources increase, there is reason to beliovo that ut some futuro time a market would becomo a source of revenue, as woll aa o great public convenience.. i' ;• -' ■ '• ■ Tho Salo Borough Council, at their last meeting, passed a series of resolutions, to be embodied in a bye-law, to put a stop to tho depasturing (if swine on tho common. It will be remembered that the Supromc Court lately decided that tho Impounding Act gives tho Council no power !o impound swino. They have tho power to make bye-laws, however, which when sanctioned by tho Governor-in Couneil, have tho force nnd authority of law. Under this bye-law, they can summon boforo a magistrato any persons depasturing swino and onforco a penalty not exceeding £5 for every infraction of.the bye-law.; To protect the common from the incursions ofjarge flocks of travelling sheep, they have passed lyaothor byc-latv, empowering'tho managers to set apart a portion of the.common for the grazing of sheep, and to impound all sheep found on tho common else^'hero than on the area set apart; for suoh sheep. It is very cheering to bo ablo to report tho 'nourishing condition of tho crops in tho Yar rani Yarratn auJ ■ Alberton districts, espe cially after the I'uilurcB of past years. Of course tho threshing machine and flail aro the only tell tales, but judging from the present appearance of tho wavy golden- tinted fields of thickly ripening grain, wo have every reason to hope for a plentiful harvest in this quarter, as well as in other parts of South Gippsland, Bright anticipating smiles haunt one wherever ho goes in this district, Tho usual meeting of tho Alberton Shiro Council, which ought to hava been hold last Tuesday, lapsed through not sufficient mcm bors attending to form o quorum, Tho Pre sident (Captain Slado), and Crs Nowton and Ashton wore presont. The inquest on the firo which occurred that morning in Tarra villo, destroying Sir T. II. Smith's store, called away some of tho councillors, Tho following aro tho successful tenderers Tor a supply of wood and water to tho various Government departments in South Gippsland: —John Hutchiusou, for firowood at Ga per ton, and wuler at 2s 6d per load, for Polmots ton, Alhorton, nnd Tarraville. Andrew An derson, for firewood 10s and tvatgr Is per load for Sunday Island, In another column will bo seeu a report of a cricket match which took placo on Saturday last between the Salo Borough councillors and tho members of the Gippsland Mining Board. The match was productive of much amusement, both.to players and spectators, only a few of tho latter, howevor, putting in an appearance. The match being over early, somo impromptu sports were initiated, tho most amusing ot which was,'.perhaps, a raoo between a ucll-luiown and somewhat heavily weighted cotincillor-aiid Rlr'Coate's, tho latter giving his foriuidablo looking-opponent 20 yards' start. Tho representative of tho Council traped his way Jn tho pluckiest man ner possible, although at tho same time it was ovidont that ho jyas suffering froip tho effects of his shoemaker, having attempted to com press his feet into tho smallest possiblu spaco. This no doubt accounts for the failure of the willing councillor. Tho Mayor and thoChair man of Ihb Mining Board had a too yards' spurt} in which tho representative of tho mining interest was u^oin successf ul. Another event was; contested for by Messrs Knight, Counihun, and II M. Smith, who has, it may | bo remembered, previously run in public. I Although fresh for tlio contest, tho latter [ gentleman did' not touch moro tlmn gain a victory over his oppoauutB, i\Uo bolli-mada t|io paco pretty warm. ■< Wo understand that, tho two bodies engaged in tlio day's'sport wound it up gracefully by voting a sum of oio;\ey amongst them, as tt donation to tho Gippsland Hospital. . • We are informed by Mr l1. Counihan, the ! master of tho Koster afreet school, that tho establishment under his control broke up for tho Christinas holidays on Wednesday last. Tho attendance during t\io last quartet has shown an increuso ovej- any previous term, and tho children at present taking advantage of tho instruction afforded number about 70. Tho annual distribution of prixei, wo under stand, will tako place a few days after tho rc-opsnin&'of the school on'January II, Judgment was on Thursday last given upon n motion for tlio rulo nisi requiring tho Board of Examiners for barristers to allow Mr G.D, Macartney to enter ns a student. This :n tleman was until recently n clergyman, but resigned a chnrg^wUiclx be held, and applied to' the examiners for admittance as student for the bar. The board ,wore equally divided as to'his eligibility, Tho Chief Justico re marked that probably those examiners \vlu> were. opposed to the admission bad goud reasons,of their own f6r; doing so, but nono could bo found in tlie Supremo Court l'uivs, and the Bpncli were of opinion that to theno thoy must confine thoir. attention. As the rules contained no provision which disabled' Mr Macartney, tho Bench felt that thoy had no option but to adjudge him oligible for ad mittance. Jtulo nisi granted. A loaso for James Kico of 422a 2r )Gpo land, at Mollison's Bridge, has been executed by the Board of Land and \VorkB, and await» execution by the lessee. Amongst the , now insolvents .is Thomas Henry Mark, of Stringer's Creek, minor. Causes of insolvency: Judgment being giren against him for unpaid mining culls in tlio Band of Hopo Q.M. Co, Stringer's Creek, Lia bilities, £120 Csj assets, £20 9s; deficiency, £108 17s. Mr Moore, official assignee, Tho following lands havo been withdrawn from leasing by tho Governor in Council:— Part allotment 37, Wy Yung; allotment 138,. Bairnsdalo; allotment 38, Winnindoo, A great number of tons of Wattlo Bark, B.uitablo tor tanning purposes have been ship ped from Port Albert during tho past tour or live mouths. Loatherhas also beon forward ed per steamer in largo quantities—tho super ior quality of tho bark' obtainable has some thing to do with the great demand thcro is for Gippsland Leather. TUreo tanneries (one a very largo one), aro now in full working, order, and a fourth has been .commenced du ring tho past week on tho banks of the Tarra < river. This iu'dustry is growing a pace, and . even now Is a staple article in our. list of ex ports. Tho Avon steamer arrived ut Port Albert from tho Lakes, on tbo 2Srd, with wool for transhipment per Murray to Melbourne. In tho Insolvent Court, on Wednesday, in the matter ot tho insolvent estato of John O M'Ardell of Gippsland, farmer, a meeting had boen fixed for the purpose of examining tho mother of tho insolvent, who ,had been arres ted oh warrant, having declined to comply with a summons for her attendanco. Sir Geo. Stephen appeared on behalf of Mr* M'Ardell,. and Mr.Bencraft for opposing creditors. Mrs M'Ardell did not appear, and it was explained to tho Chiuf Commissioner that sho had been arrested, but when tho vessel-was about to sail for Melbourne she had complained of illness, .on which sho was examined by u medical man who certified that she was in such very wen' health- that tho joilrnoy to Melbourne; eithor . by lund or water would bo vory dangerous to hor. Tho warrant had accordingly been allowed to lapso on Mrs M'Ardell giving a bond to the extent of £150 to appear at tho court when her health hud, improved. Tho meeting therefore lapsed. 