Western Australia. The following items of news are from the monthly summary of the " Perth Inquirer" of April 1: The news of the month is confined to the North-West Coast, from which we have the unpleasant intelligence of loss of life and property. Hitherto the native population in the new set tlements have lived on terms of peace and good-will with the settlers ; nothing beyond the most trivial of fences have been heard of, and even these of rare occurrence. Numbers of the natives were so well disposed as to be among the first to bring en offender to punishment; and altogether it may be said that a feeling of confi dence and security from serious pil lages or raids of the aborigines pos sessed the whole white population. The intelligence now received gives, unfortunately, another aspect to the character of the natives. Authority has been opposed, and a native taken prisoner rescued by a large number, and their captors speared. The im perative course of the Resident to ap prehend the chief actors in the crime, and disperse the numbers of armed natives that congregated together, re sulted in partial failure The .settlers readily co- operated in attacking and dispersing them. Many shots were fired and several natives killed, but the principal offenders were not secured, and those that were taken made their escape. It is hoped that they will be apprehended, and , that this skirmish. may have the desired effect of bring ing back the whole of-the blacks, to their former state of peace and quiet ness; but, apart from the loss of life, it is much to be regretted that the at tention of the Government officers and the settler is thus drawn from affairs in the new settlement which, we may be assured, demand every attention, to a new and very painful feature in the settlement of the country. Throughout the settled districts of the colony we have water and food for stock; but the country is greatly parched from the continued absence of rain, dry winds, and many serious bush-fires. The destroying element has stalked along in several districts very destructively to the settler. No lives have been lost but in one district a large amount of property has been destroyed, and the stations of several unfortunate settlers razed to the ground. The only public movement to be noticed, as of any interest to extra- colonial readers, is one for the purpose of renewing efforts to penetrate the Eastern interior, and diverge, towards the new country, at Eucla Harbor, an the South-eastern coast. The settlers are anxious to co-operate with the Government in exploring that new region, and to judge for themselves as to the nature and capabilities of the country reported on favorably by ex plorers from South Australia. The Government have now under considera tion a proposal of the York settlers to supply a number of horses and & quantity of flour, to be delivered on board a vessel at King George's Sound chartered by the Government for Eucla Harbor. 