GUILDFORD. From our own Correspondent. We have had very bad roads to struggle against this season, but I trust the some of those heaps of broken stones, which have been lying in the principal street of this town for the past twelve months, not only to the great inconvenience of the inhabitants, but more so to visitors, not being aware ofr expecting to meet with such obstructions, will ere long be turned to some useful purpose. I myself nearly came to grief, one dark, wet evening. Having unfortunately tripped against one of the numerous "little groups," I was precipitated head foremost into one of the beautiful mud-holes int he road. the prisoners are still busy increasing these hillocks. The ancient structure across the Helena has been removed! Can you inform your readers what is to be done with the remains of the old bridge? If the are to be carted to the Commissariat Stores and care- ully placed among a great deal more rubbish now lying there ready to be set fire to? Are they to be sold where they are? Or to wait until the next floods and be washed away from view? Corn of all sorts and hay are still plentiful/ The trade in manna-gum us still brisk, and very good samples are being received. Sandalwood is still doing a good trade, although a great deal is carted over 100 miles, which hardly repays the outlay. The bush-fires have done more damage this year than any on record ; not only has nearly all the bush feed been destroyed, but many outhouses, stockyards, fencing,stacks of hay and farm implements, have been reduced to ashes by the devouring element. I am glad to say that the disease which has been prevalent in this colony for the past month is fast onthe decrease. Seed and also eating potatoes are in great demand, both here and in the country. A meeting was held in St. Matthew's Church on Easter Tuesday. One of the subjects brought before the meeting was for increased accommodation in the Church. A sum of money was voted for tins purpose out of present funds, but things are to remain as they are for the present. The wardens are desirous to keep the church out of debt. There had also been a sum of money proposed to be laid out in erecting a fence around the building, which seems to be rather an uncalled expenditure, when so many members are deterred from attending public worship, not being able to procure a sitting. Horses Shipped per 'Tartar.'— Shippers of horses per Tartar, which vessel left here on the 2nd of Feb. for Madras, will be glad to hear of her arrival out, as some anxiety was felt about her, owing to no intelligence being received through agents. Mr. Sleddon has advices dated 21st March, from Messrs. Waller & Co., Horse Respository, stating that the 9 horses shipped by him and been lauded from the Tartar-eight in good condition, and one sick. No date is given as to the arrival of the Tartar at Mad- ras, nor any report if the market. The Houghou- mont's arrival out is not named. 