ADELAIDE. M - ?' '?-.! ' ¡ .-".'i ? Saturday.! I Corn market very quiot, Tow transactions. , Prin- cipal operators, unwilling to purchase extensively at present timo. ¡ ' WREK OF P BAYE n.--It will bo soon by advertise- ment that a series of meetings for united prayr' is to bo hold this wcok in various ciiuroho9 in Sydney. Tho first of thosd is to hold thisovoning in tho Baptist Church, Bathùrst-'stroot j tho special object being " for unity and fellowship of Christians.", REV. JAMES Vonnnn.-This gentleman, having' for fourtcon years hold tho ofilco of pastor in tho Bathurst strcot Baptist Ohuroh, is about to visit'England with a view to" tho rocovory of his health. A valedictory meeting will bo hold in tho '.church this ovoning. i STADHINO.-A man named Joseph Dixon was con- voyed to tho Infirmary yesterday morning, about: 0 o'clock, having boon 'stabbed near tho shoulder blade with a^arvirijrknifo., There aro sovoral versions as:to tho fracas, which occurred on tho opon ground, about sixty yards from tho Soup Kitchen, Dixson-stroet. Tko polico havo taken a man in custody for tho offence, and tho real facts will 1M bettor ' disclosed in oyidonco.. . .' '; ' ' RYDE.-PnESKNTATioN.-On Tuesday evening,- tho 'Slat ultimo,"a deputation from tho Loyal liydo Unilod Friond8''Iiodgo, I.O.O.F., M.U., consisting of Messrs. lt. Young, .11. Watts, and ,T. Small, waited on Dr. John J. llill, at his residence, ltydo, and, on behalf of tho mombors of tho nbovolodgo, prosontcd him with a vory neat saddle, bridlo, &c;, as a Now Year's gift, and as a mark- of their satisfaction at tho mannor in whUhlibhad discharged his dutios as medical officer of the lodge. : MonrnW.-MinAcuxous ritEsnnvATtON.-An acci- dent attonded br alarming circumstances happened at 'Morpoth on Thursday afternoon last Mr.'Duncan Sim, an alderman of tho municipality of Morpoth, assistod hy ono of his omploycs, was engaged in adjust- ing loather bands around tho shaft of a steam engine in Iiis workshop-tho maohinory hoing in motion, ,thc wheel performing- sovonty- oight. revolutions 'per minute-when his loose shirt-sloovo caught between ono of tho bands and Ihe'wheol,-by which Mr. Sim was dragged up and around thrco BUCCOSSÍVO Unies ; in tho progress Iiis waistcoat, shirt, and llnnnol becamo involved m a kita nt tho baok of the neck or highor portion'of tho shouldorblndo, when fortunately. his roloaso from a mo3t dreadful doath was effected by; tho maohinory actually reefing tho whole throb articles from, hia person-Mr. Sim .being precipitated down a coal- pit adjacent. - The fall itsolf inflicted sovoral bruises on tho respected gontloman, who was npcedily picked np and conveyed to his residence. Upon examination,' Dr. Getty hoing present, it was found Uiat Mr. Sim had sustainod soma very sovoro lacerations and bruises on various parts of tho body; tho flesh of tho throat being muoh cut by tho fsrciblo dragging of tho nooktio, and tho skin at tho back of tho ncok was also laid bare, and tho knoes and anclo boaring severo contusions and wounds. 'Tho sufferer's i norvous system lins (as may bo : roadily presumed) sustained a groat shock, his muscles and joints.fooling, according to his own oxprcsslon, as though thoy had been distorted to their utmost tension and capability of endurance. Mr. Sim was conscious during tho I wholo time. Yesterday morning Dr. Mackonzio ascer- tained, after careful examination, that no permanent injury to tho pationt would onsuo from the injuries ; and although ha is at present confinod to bed, we aro happy to learn thal ita continuance will bo but a few days.-Maitland Ensign, January 4. MAITLAND-Trrn MAIZB Onor.-Wo loam that tho lato showers of rain havo considerably boncllted tho maizo crops ? in our neighbourhood, and olsowherc. Thia ceroal is moro .susceptible of moi sturo than oithor wheat or oats, from the peculiar formation of its stalks; consequently a small quantity of fain will greatly improvoat.-Maitland Ensign, January 4, tiAnoB BüBn Finns AMMJND NRWCASTI-E.-Tho bush fires of Sunday last wcro far moro oxtonsivo than any wo have witnessod thii summer. At au carly hour in tho morning a tremendous conflagration was observed to bo raging in tho vicinity of Stockton, and up to noon this Are increased and extended nil through tho bush in anorth-woslorly direction towards tho beach. Indeed considofablo apprehensions wera entertained by persons.on this sido of tho wator for tho safety of tho house property of their Stoolitou fnonda, for tho latter could bo plainly perceived nt ono hour of tho day lo ho cutting down tho bushos surrounding their premises, in ordor to prevent tho progress of tho fiamos. ? This firo 4 continued .burning until' lato in tho ovoning, and waa,, still smouldorin'g ' on ? Sunday . night.. From - tho early hour nt whioh it broko out, howevor, it ia imagined that tho mischioC was causod hy somo perçons cavaiossiy throwing lighted matches about, as tho sun was; not' hot enough at the timo to cause tho bush tb ignite. From tho Obolisk, on .Sunday night, a parson could plainly,perce!vo largo bush fires burning in tho neigh- bourhood of tho'islands up tho river to tho right, away over Waratah' in front, and for a considerable distance in tiie direction of tho Globo hil! on tho left. In fact tho country for maur milos around lias, . during tho past few wooka boon oompiotcly devastated by this means, and nothing but tho baro ground is now visiblo where a short timo since luxuriant herbage existed. This ls moró particularly, óbsorvod along tho routo to Wnllsond, for, nftor crossing tho lilli nbovo Waratah, nothing but. olinTrod stumps and blaclconcd oarth can bo s'cOn for-éovoral- milos, everything in ;tho simpo of ? feed for cattlo having boon soorchad up and destroyod. -Xowenatlo Pilot, Jauuary 8. ' - , . Nsw ÜEAi.ANn ;-Dy tho Kalkoura vre roooivod files of .AVoUlngtcn ''papers to Docombor iiOth. lloyend discussions'on local mid provincial politics tlioy contain but 'little;. Tho Indoponduut firmly denounces tho proposal to petition- for on nmnostyto nil .Maori Íolitlcal prisonors on tho occasion of tho arrival of Ills loyal Highness.tba Dukp of Edinburgh. The Iude depandont says " Odnsidoiroblo interest was"maillfosto yesterday morning nt tho arrival of tho brigantina Dospatoh from the ',-Chatham Islands! wit h , a number of . Maories, who are on routo to Taranaki, tho country of thoir forofathors.' Thoso Maorlos bolong' ta tho Ngatitamu tribes,' and tho oidor of thom wore driven from Taranaki botweon .thirty, mid forty yours ego, at tho limo of tho groat "Waikato invasion.- Flying from, thoir ooiuiuorors, they wont to "Wnlkanao'and Port Nicholson, and finally' sought ' o redigo1 at tho Qhath-inifl./wherothoy easily roducod tho Maories, who woro nolthor possessed Of so muah physical courngo, ' nor of suoh improved weapons of warfare as 'them- selves, to n Btata of slavery, and treated thom, lt is said, with groat cruelty. Tho proximato oauso ot tho presont mliratton ts tho hnvoo caused, amongst the Maorios nt tiio Ohathnma hy tho measles, which has' gi von risa to ono, of thoso panics to whloh Uid Moori mind is BO rrjiio ¡ but nd doubt tho, amor patriio, whioh la BO strong tn tho Maori breast has had con eidarablo Iniluonco in determining thom to return "tp. New Zoaland. ' Their¿cstlnation 1B -'the-''northern part of tho provínoos of Taranaki. About 135 arrived yosterday, and tho Despatch lins been charternd to transport another dot«wawnt~Indonead(,ut, Decoin". TXxvtauftub-TIMS LATE MuhriEnous ASSAULT.-: Our impression of-Wednesday oontained a briof report oC a murdorous olUok mado by a man named Craig; upon Lia wife, ou New Year's Evo. Owing to"'Ibo lotcnaaa-ef tbs hour at wh'oh nows of tho affair rcaohod town, we woro precluded from giving moro than a mero montion of tho assault in Wednesday's popor. "Wo proceed now togivo full particulars, as glounod from the injured woman herself, -who wai visited by our roportcr on Thursday ovoning. Mrs. Craig's account of tho affair is as follows:--My lms¿ band wont to work on Tuosday last' at tho' usual hour, rot ur ni np Icomo about S o'clock in tho after- noon. .IIo . was then, quito sober, and no unpleasant words'passed botwoon us. lio wont . In, noil af tor cleaning and dressing himself ho went out, going in tho direction of tho Jioroliolc, Ho returned about dusk, and ou getting up to ;tho hut knocked at the < door, I opened tho door myself, and on my doing so ho said " Thero aro a lot of pooplo coming dirootly ;" his littlo girl was behind him at tho time. I looked for a moment oxpccling to seo somo people coming, thinking that as ic was Now Year's ovo, ho, had brought some friends homo to spend tho ovoning , with him ; on getting inside tho hut my husband sat down and began to call mo all sorts of dreadful. names, and otherwise abused mo ; ' I, not thinking what was tho matter, with him, want and put my hands on his shoulders, and said "It is not good to bo cross try and bogintho nowyoarin a good temper;" I also advised him tco go to bod, as I could seo that ho had been drinking a littlo, though ho was not drunk ; ho then said he would go to bo 1 if I gavo him " some- thing nico;" I rBoid 1 would, and prepared,to do so, ns I had A nico pioco ' of moat on tho Uro at tho timo ; I immediately after went to tho fireplace to take off thc mott, whioh I thought by that timo was dono onough; just ns I.got"to tlio flroplaco, and as I was in tho act of stooping down to lift off tho meat, I felt a lioavy blow on my back with a hard substance, and ou turning round I saw my husband had struck mo with tho pick' he ' uses in the mino ; ~ tho pick had rio handle[On nt tho tiino ha struck mo with it; as l was .turning round to Bee what was 'tho matter ho aim^d another blow at my hoad ; I put my arm up to sayo my head, and tho. blow caught me on tho light arm, iulli ting the injury which is visiblo; my husband then sat down for a littlo, but got up again in five mi- nutes or. so, and ran at rae witu tho point of tho pick, as though intending to stick it in my head ; whoo he gotcloso to me I put up my handB, and the pick again 'struck mo on tho left hand, making tho wound which appears ; thero; ho thon struck mo a number of blows, and kopt trying all tho time to hit mo on tho hoad ; seeing that lie was bent on doing mo a serious injury, I kept putting tho light out to provont his Booing whore 1 was; ho then mado my eldest daughter a girlof about fifteen years of ago,' light tho candió, threatening to hit hor if sho "did not doit; all this timo I was trying to got outside tho hut, but ho watched mo too clot ely for that: I novor ipoko to him after what I said about tho Buppcr, excepting to toll him to leave off boating mo; whiloho -was striking me ho said repeatedly ho aid not intond to lot mo live to Bco'another year ; ho said I had scon a good many years, hut! should not sob tho light of anothor; I thon called .my,oldest girl to como and help mo; sho came, but got beat for coming botween us ; sha then ran out and told tho -'neighbours ; Mr. Thomson nnd Mr. Lynoh woro both away nt the timo, but tho women carno near tko hut and mads a noise, and colled out " police;" my husband then wont out to soo what the noiso was about; I followed him, and tried to coax him tobo quiet; ho then boat mo again and forced mo ¡nudo the hut; when I got insido he told ms taget a light, and I protended to ba looking for the matches to light a candle ; whilst doing so I managed to push1 a looso slab down, and managed to get out that way ; I thon wont to the bush »nd laid down, for I was very faint and weale from loes of blood: I bled a great deal, and was completely covorcd with blood from head to foot; tho hole in ray hand bled very much; my husband was not to fl >y drunk, nor was ho quito Bober ; I was so frightened that I hardly know how he was ; bo hnd ofto'n boat ino Vwfore, and I had only been back with him sinco tho provious Saturday, after being absent from homo oiglit or niuo days; I went back bocauBo' ho carno and asked mo ter go bock, and promised ho would novor speak another cross word to ino; when ho waa beating mo ho said he would learn mo to go to my fathor aud tell stories about him. I have never given him any causo for beating mo, and havo no idea what lie beata mo for.-Such is tho version of tba assault given by Mrs. Craig, and, judging by what eho states, and by nor appearance, it certainly soems almost miraculous now sho cscapod with hor lifo. It is a merciful thing that neither of tho blown struck her on tho head; for, if they had, tho unfortunate woman would suroly have boen killed on tho spot, such was thoforco with which tho blows woro struck. Mrs. Craig- has-been married to hor inhuman husband seventeen years, and has a family of six children,' the oldest being bqtweon fourtoen and fiftoon years of ago. Craig is a Nawcasllo-on-Tyno man, and is about forty yearsj of ago, Mrs. Craig in flvo years! his junior. Directly tho neighbours discovered what was tho matter on Tuesday night, they hurried into tho Borehole and told constable M'Cullum, who, with other mombors of tho force, shortly afterwords proceeded to tho hut, -which is situated in tho bush, about three quarters of a milo to tho loft of tho Doro holo township. Whon tho pol i 20 reached tho hut Craig had loft about ton minutes, but, although ho lind only boen gouo so short a time, ho was uowhero to bo found in tho immediate neighbourhood of the hut. Tho search was resumed nt daylight on AVodncsday morning, but, up_ to yesterday, without. avail. 1 On Wednesday evoning constable M'Cullum was within a vory short distanco of his man, whan ho wai tele- graphed to that tho " police wore Coming,' and ho mada his escapo into tho bush, which in that no:gh bourhood is very thick. Wo understand that n descrip- tion of Craig hos boen forwardod to tho surrounding polico stations, and it 1B not probablo, thereforo, - that ho will bo at largo very long.-Nowcastlo Chroniclo, January 4. Tits WBATIIBK AT THE CLAHBHOB.-Wo havo lind another week of tcrriblo heat. In fact it has boon hotter (ride Meteorological Tablo) than any hitherto recorded by us in Grafton. Tho results of such cou-, tinned boat and drought aro bosoming painfully ap- parent on all parts of tho ri vor, and thu prospecta bofore us vary unpromising.-Olarunco Examiner. STnucK BY LionTNiNO.-Wo havo already"noticed, in our Saturday's issue, tho oiTocts of a lightning stroke duVing tho storm on Friday last, upon a treo in tho vicinity of tho raiocourse. Wo now learn that at Morpoth, in the course of tho carno storm, a house was struck, and as tho incidents connected with tho circum- stance aro soniowhnt ourious, wo record thom for tho information of our readers. Wo nro indobted to, eovorol oyo-witnossos for tho following narrativo of particulars:-Tho tonomont that was tho object of tho dostroying bolt is a nowly-orcclod wooden building, in New-s'rent, a thoroughfare parallel I with High nnd Swan strode; it is a wooden two-storied - building, and tho lightning struck tho i shingles near tho lop ot tho roof, clearing thom away to tho oxtont of n squnro foot, and on Its passage ! downwards splitting ono of tho rafters and a collor hrace. Mooting thon tho coiling, which ls of wood, lt mado an orifico in ono of tho boards, andwna attracted by tho iron post of nbodstcad, down which it passed, sotting Uro to tho curtains; nrrived at that portion of tlii post whoro tho sido of tho bedstead joins/ tho upright, tho currant skirted along tho side, and thonco passed "into tho iloor, which it split, malting a fissuro walo enough to adniit tho two hands of) a man placed palin to palm. Tho lower story of tile houso is divided by a partition formed of studs, about four inches by throe; one sido of thia was lathed and plastorod, tho othor lined with f-inoh ptno boards : tho insidious fluid passed down ono of tho studs, and reduced lt to splinters-matohwood, ono of tho specta- tors said-scattering over tho room en ona sido tho lath, and plaslor, causing great destruction of glass and orockory ; and on tho other, tearing away tho lining hnnrdsand twisting thom into ovory coneoiraWo shapo. Tito owner bf tho nouso, Mr. M'Orogor, was with his ¡son in tho vcranduli. Tho shook lovollod thom both tb tho ground, and producod a pooulir 'stupid or dazod- fooling, from which tho oidor man has not yet qùito rocovored, and ho feels pain In his limbs BÜ11. Fortunately, all tba rost ot tho family wuro ab-. cont ; had thero been any ono lu tho houso, a fatal casualty would certainly havo suporvonod. Tho current than appears to havo passed into tho earth. , Tho fire in tho bedroom waa promptly extinguished by the neighbours, nnd the necessary repairs to tho building Aro proceeding. Wo hoar that during tho Bnmo sf orin a sailor on board tho OoonnnViurn, thon lying nt tho A.S.N. Company's wharf, waa struck down bv light- ning, but without any injurious result.-Multlnnd Mercury. COUUIUBS.-I havo not sent any communication for a length of time. Then has not boon any Intelligence worth communicating. Tito weather is vory hot nnd dry. Tho crops, now ready for Bioklo, oro vory lnoagro, and fears aro ontertainctf that tho maizo and points crops will nlsa fall unless rain speedily falls. Hush Uros aro thinning tho prollflo grasses that resulted from tho wot weathor of our spring. Wheat is now soiling at froth os. Od. to Cs. Od. por bushel, mid largo quanti- ties, resorved from last season, aro bohrt; brought to Iowa,-ÇgrrçBpoudeut, January O, ACCIDENT.-An accident, whlclr-iJilght Lavo noca .. attonded with Borious consequences, li imponed rester. ' *' day afternoon about half-past 2 o'clock, on Botany Road, opposite Mr. P. 'Carroll's, to Mr. M'Maator,' who was driving hia dog-cart whon tho whcol broke . short off at tho axle. Miss M'Mnstor and a gentleman was thrown oui, but owing to Mr." M'Maator .pulling up sharply, tho partiel) got.off with only o¡ »halting, DnrLonAnT-E SUICIDE.- On Friday last, tho rcsi- . j dents of Forbes, and .tho surrounding districts, wera ' thrown into a state of intense excitement, by a rumour that Mr. 'Thomas Sheahan, hotolkcoper, of Orudgory, had committed Bulcldo. A magisterial inquiry .waa hold on Friday last, tho day upon whioh the sad event took placo, boforo William Farrand, Esq., polico -* magistrate of Forboe, whon tho following particulars » toncking this deplorable maltor woro elicited:- Oa j Friday morning last, nt'nn carly hour, Mrs. Sheahan, j wifo to deceased, saw him got up auddonly from tho § bod upon which ho was reposing and go outside. Sha r did not ace him again for ten minutes, hut nt tho end of that timo, ho possod. tho window of tho bedroom, ' with' a toacup' innis hand, and ina few seconds more, ho'roturnod to tho apartment and wont to bcd again. On getting into bcd, deceased did not ranko any com- plaint of being attacked with indisposition, but seemed about to composo himself to sleep. A fow minutes passod by,'whon tho unfortunate man, suddenly* rosa into'a sitting posture, nnd bending his head down, de- clared that he was Bullering excruciating agony. This intelllgonco very much alarmed Mrs. Sheahan ¡ sho . got up os speedily ns posslhlo, and summoned her. brother-in-law. who slept in an adjoining room, to her assistance. Some npcriont medicine, which was in the m house at tho timo, was quickly adminiatcd to deceased, ' ft but did him no good ; soon nftor taking it, ho waa E attacked with aucccssivo convulsivo lits, and in a ap quartor of an hour moro, ho wns boyond tho- roach o£ H human aid. Seeing that her husband was in a very H dangerous state, Mrs. Sheahan determinod to despatch ? a man on horsebnek for tho doctor ; tho decoascJ, 'gß however; discouraged that course, saying, " don'tsond M for tho doctor, I aimil bo right enough in a fow M minutos." Fifteen minutes later, ho was a" dead Ej3 man. In . tho room noxt to that in which Hr. , IS Sheahan died,'a piece of paper, marked with tho H words "strychnine," poison, was found. It wis §¡1 stated at tho investigation that deceased had formorly Ky been suiTcring from attaclis of madness,, and that, Bj eighteen years ago, ho waa for nino months an inmate Eg ol tho Tarban Crook Lunatic Asylum. Tho medical Hp testimony waa conclusivo as to the presence of poissa KB in tho stomach of deconscd,, and tho manner in which ¡9jj ho mot with his doatlt. Somo further ovidenco was PE heard, and .tho P.M. dcolarod his conviction that the juif decoasod Thomas Sheahan "destroyed himself by toking Eg! a quantity of poison called strychnine, whilo labouring TB under a lit of temporary insanity. Great sympathy ia 'JB manifested for the widow of deceased and tho tis tïj young orphans depending on her for support. Poca- fia iiiary embarrassment is said to havo been tho immc- BS diato causo of Mr. Sheahan's suicide.-Lachlan lg Reporter. ( RI ?Two MILE FUT GOLD-FIELD.-Mining mailors are w 'tolerably brisk considering all things. ""Tho great EB drawback at present is tho look of waler, which Bj soriously impedes prospector*. ' Nevertheless, thero k Bj a goed prospect at Merowolga, and wo aro. informed Bf that 8k 07.8. to the load was obtained from ona claim: Bj Mr. Hassall has thrown open bia paddock, and asks HR £5 per claim if gold is struck, and in tho event ot BJ morcljr a " dufl'or" . resulting, Uiat tho shaft ta IR* filled in again by Die prospectors. It if B| utterly impossible, , to got - at tho result ot BM tho, .week's washing,'" as tlicro is ..no nucleus Kia to which tho.gold is gathered, and sales ara mado to ie Ba many parties,, that it is scattered all over tho field. _ If no complaint bo a criterion of success, tho washiogj 'B$ must havo been satisfactory, Thoro seems somo pros- BM poet of tho dcop load being again struck towards'Mr. Bj} ' Itouso's sheep-station, boyond Mr, Frost's hole!, and SSS parties oro »ut thor«. Wo expect to bo ablo to state Bg|i somo definite results very shoitly. Tho publicans have BJB boen driving n roaring trad o at this season, as might BR bo naturally expected, and tho great attraction« nov) Hp are bands of musij. Ono enterprising publican bal BK liccn paying threo musicinns £20 and their boaid fer Bjg th reo weeks' ' sorviccs. . At many places dancing girli Bs aro employed, and tho " light fantastic" is indulged ia Wm to an extent worthy of a botter cnuee, considering tba BJ exertion required 'during thia hot weather.-Westen» Bfö Post.' - ?-. »j Busn FIRES NEAII ILLA-WABBA.-For sovoral dari -. .,'f during tlio beginning of this week oxtensivo bush t ", fires appeared to havo been raging along tho Illawara &~1 ranges at different placee, from Bulli southward, asl f''í we (oar several, settlers and free selectors hare ex- iff penanced much inconvenience and loss from tint ref cause. Wo havo been , nnuble to ascertain particular* aß ? , of any case, with tho exception of Mr. Hicks and Mr. Bj j Ford, who resido at North Bulli, nnd who had all RI their fe noes and' several other oflccts completely bumed, Iii i it having been with great troul.lo and oxortions thai BJ they succeeded in saving their houses from becoming J B proy to the surrounding Eames. Wo have heard that ¡Jg several houses and much properly was dos troy ed from B ! tho samocauso atAVingccarribbco at tho Bama time,-BJ Illawarra Mercury, January 3rd. BJ THE WEATHER AT HOBART TOWN.-Anollier some- Bj what abrupt and unexpected chango hns occurred ia Bj our variable, but still agreeable, temperature. Fer Bj somo days past tho weather had been warm anJ BJ .-. soasonablo, reminding us, in fact, of the old-fashiosti BEjj summer weather of former years. On Friday,' how- Bas - ever, tho chango took place,.and copious ahowcra o! BJ : rnin fell, continuing at intervals up to yesterday, «¡ti E|j - a very sonsiblo diminution of temperature, which «a Kj@ . actually chilly. At G o'clock yesterday - morning Waat . , when Ute early risers awoke, they found Mount Via Bj ;i lington covered witli BIIOW, with every prospect of l BH f showery day. It is by no means usual to pave suck BJ . au indication of wintry weather at Christmas, whit* BE is in tho ordinary courso of nflturo high summer úl Effif j Tasmania.-Hobart Town Morcury, December 80, BJ.: i THE DnouaitT AT jAsincnoo.-Tho destructivo tel BJj* j doprcssing effects of tho drought aro almost tho ""ty'Hsï' ¡ subject ot thought or conversation hero, and rendent HS 1 I nearly impossible, to' feel interested in anything els W8Ê ' j than tho prospect, whutovcr it may bo, of a chalet BJ ? ' in tho woathcr. I hear complaints that stock Ttkidi HÎt I had till lately contrived to keep in something lib HM condition, havo during^ tho last fortnight or so uta Kt " ! rapidly away; and it is no woudor, consldoriit jBfeS'1 1 difficulty of discovering what thero. is ia ft» Bn - paddocks for thom to livo on. I understand M MR 7 lmuKluonumbors of cnltlo from tho farms of tliid»Bj|., trict, whioli aro always overstocked, aro now graziif pHp^ . -such grazing na H is-'on tho tablo land aborotoKg > Jamboioo rango, n part of which was to bo 8Urreyelß|g : and aligned as commonngo' for tho Illawarra pcopHBH- ; tho Urst timo a Government surveyor carno In ttaBjjr direction. It is not " dry" oàttloi alono that HHrj driven there. ' I understand that n number'.of t^BB v sottlors, or porsons on their behalf, aro up thoro iriuBBf their dniry herds, dwoll in tents or tomnornry IIUUBB Tartar fashion, and doing what thoy can under ««BSTÍ ciruumstancos tu carryon their butter making' opntHB's tlous.-Kiama Indopundent. HS r WEST MAITLAND.-During tho-storm omtho WiMpl ultimo,' a curious accident happcnod to a housoinNflBÜ ! strebt, Morpeth, which might liavo been-attended viu^B| fatal consequences had tho inmates boon > nt ho&t;^Ki Forlunntoly, however, thoy woro all nwny, oxccptt»^B| good man and his son, who were standing in ^^BJ vornndah; so that no harm was dono boyorid o,'vlokillB§ shock to' tho aforesaid man and his, son,, and ccfr^Ht sidorahlo damage to proporty. Tho hausa was n nwlj^Bi erected wooden house. Tho lightning first struck l&^Bj rosf near tho top, and cleared away tho shingles to I^^Hi extent of a foot square. On its downward, pnssng« '^Hl split ono af tho rafters, and then made a holo in ^^Kf wooden ceiling, and descended along tho iron postoil^Hf bedstead, settliig'ílro to tho'curtains. Whon it mjBB to whcrO the sida of tho bcd joins tho post, lt dufe'^Bf . along tho sida - to tho next past, and thence tho floor, ' In: whloh it . mndo a split ata'^M two inolics wide. Tho lowor story of tho hon*,' divided by a partition, formed of studs.,Tho elccloj^H current, passing through ono of thoso studs, split it, OM ^?f rent tho fragmohts flying through Uio room^mw^^B a fearful smash among tho crockery ware' 'ThoU'^R yonr-was ushered In in theusuul manner, tho VoIunWHf Band marching through tho streota from haU-PMt jjJHi to a pretty lato hour, nttondod by, n vast conoourao «JjHj Arabs and ethers, who accompanied tho 'NUI'°J'.j^K their vocal performances, and ioccaslonaUy,diren«W^M ?thoproceedings with a fawloud ohoers, yells, andouV^B sounds approprlato to tlio occasion. Tho vocal pan tJ^H tho eutertuinmont might havo beim distastoful connolsBour in' swoet sounds, but was novoitlw¡'^H highly relished byi tho performers,-who also ooiiw^M luted tho and ¡once. Tho ouergotlo part of tho C01IlffljHJ illly busied thomsolvcs In instituting a uaw order things for tho now year, by removing signboards, j^BI plooing thom lu (ho most Inappropriate places, ***^n making other necessary changos. Thot any passci^^H might not forgot thnt ho hud onterod on a now J'.,!^H the number ortho year waa' kindly ohnlfcsd OBJ^^H lacie by somo officious friend, Tho moro rorlsus WHi tlon of tho community spout tito last few minute« "Hi tho old year, and tho flrat of tho now your, in ".^?J tiona] exoroisos, services hoing hold at St Paul » V*Jn Sr. Mary's .ohurohos, and also '.in ''tho* AVeslWjM chapol, after which approprlato addrossos wow i« llrem by tUorospooUTO jailors.-Correspondent» ?) 