. THURSDAY, NOVEMBERS, 1868. The proposed renewal of the Reci- procity Treaty between Canada and the United States, to which we lately ad- verted, naturally suggests the consider- ation, -whether the principle of that con- vention might not be moro generally applied among theae colonies than it has already been in tho arrangement between Victoria andNew South Wales. While we cannot but regard such limited liberty of trade as much less advantageous to a country than full commercial freedom, wo cannot ignore the fact that at present the larger boon is unattainable. Our rulers have committed themselves to a protectionist experiment, and not until the majority are convinced of its costli- ness and inutility will they listen to any proposal for a change. But in this, as well as in the neighbouring colonies, there appears to be a disposition to mi- tigate to some extent the ill effects of the more or loss restrictive tariffs which prevail in all of them, by securing the free interchange of their respective pro- ducts. This disposition has mani- fested itself on several occasions. At the Postal Conference, held in Melbourne at the beginning of 1867, it having been resolved that to carry out the agree- ments of the conference a federal council of delegates from each of the colonies should be appointed, it -was further determined that " other subjects " of common interest, as they arise from " time to time, may be advantageously " referred to such a council." There can be no doubt that the question of a uniform tariff, or of intercolonial free trade, was uppermost in the minds of the gentlemen who agreed to this reso- lution. New South "Wales has since manifested its disposition in the matter by entering into the border customs arrangement with this colony. South Australia, we believe, has long been íeady to imitate our northern neigh- bour. The Tasmanian Legislature ac- tually passed a bill " to promote inter " colonial free trade," which would have enabled the Government of that colony to enter into arrangements with the other Australian colonies for the mutual interchange of goods of domestic growth and manufacture. And only last week we called attention to a report of a committee of the Legislative Council of New Zealand, in which the desira- bility of securing the : general adoption of such a scheme was insisted on. There are two aspects in which, it must be confessed, a convention between the colonies for this purpose is any- thing but free from objection. If it be sound economy to free the people of Victoria from taxes on goods produced in the neighbouring colonies, can it also be sound economy to subject them to such imposts on goods imported from Great Britain ? It cannot be pleaded that the reciprocity between the colonies would justify the arrangement on econo- mical ' grounds ; for Victorian produce has been for years admitted into Great Britain duty free, and reciprocity would requîïe similar treatment of British produce in return. Nor do we see how intercolonial free trade can be any more acceptable to the genuine protectionist than free trade with all the world would be. It would be no satisfaction to a protectionist brewer or farmer to know that beer from England and wheat from Chili were subject to duty, if the market were flooded with similar commodities which came iii free from South Australia and New Zealand. To these economical objections we can seo no answer. Bui it is from a national point of view that the proposal has the most unpleasant appearance. These are British colonies, inhabited by, people of British race, and owning the same sovereign as Great Britain. There are few, if any. who would lightly part with theil British birthright, and exchange it foi citizenship in an obscure Australian re public. But the scheme we are con- sidering makes invidious distinctions between one set of HER MAJESTY'S sub jects and another, confers advantage! upon one part of the empire from wliici all the others are shut out, and creates th< anomaly of admitting the handiwork ol one British citizen free while that o another is subjected to duty. The co lonies entering into such an arrange ment,'in fact, treat the parent country as a foreign state, although the reci proeity they anticipate from one anothe has long been accorded to them bj Great Britain. . Yet, strong and valid as are thesi economical and national objections, it i impossible to deny that they apply witl equal force to the separate fiscal systen of every one of these colonies, Fre trade with all the world cannot be bai j£ free trade across the Murray is gooi for the people .living on both its banks The "producers of Great Britain are al ready subjeot to imposts which those o Victoria do not pay. Under our exisl in g tariff, therefore, sound economy i flouted and national sentiment suj pressed just as much as both would b under a system of exclusive intercolonit free trade. The Victorian Legislatui has alreadysanctioned spurious econpmj and has declared all other British sul jects save.those within its borders to b foreigners. What more can it do b assenting to a scheme, for intercolonii free trade 1 The economy will not 1 more objectionable, and the number < British subjects who are treated i foreigners will certainly, not be so grea Practically, therefore, wo cannot regai these objections as fatal to the proposa It will take time, we suppose, fi sounder views on political economy to prevail, and for our obligations to the mother country to be better under- stood. Meanwhile, a change from isola- tion to limited free trade will assuredly be the better for the colonies, while it will not place Great Britain in a worse position than that" in which colonial legislation has placed her for many 1 years. It is matter for regret that minis- ters of religion cannot, or will not, con- ¿ duct their business in a business-like manner, or discuss questions of general interest on fair and equal terms. When objection is taken to their proceedings, they characterise the arguments of their clitics as a "howl;" when they are gently remonstrated with, they complain that they are " reviled ;" when their fact3 are questioned and their arguments con- troverted, they are " sorry to see oppor " tunities so often embraced for widen " ing the breach between popular and " religious sympathies." Within the past few days our own columns have contained examples of these several varieties of clerical reasoning. The strictures of the Scotch press on the religious disqualification of a compositor for taking up " copy " on Sunday, were described as a" howl "by "A Presby " terian Clergyman," and the same cor- respondent was "sorry" in the manner just mentioned ; while the Sabbath Observance Committee of the Presby- terian Church Assembly has officially denounced our remarks on the Sunday sheep trains as " invective and vitupera " tion." Now all this is very silly. The controversy that arose out of the Glasgow printer's case did not escape our notice, hut we did not observe that it occasioned any "howl." It rather seemed to us that the writers who op- posed the action of the church argued the question with great modeiation and fairness, and that whatever false reason- ing and violence the contest evolved pro- ceeded from the clerical side. As to the embracing of opportunities for widening the breach, «fee, may we be permitted to say that this and other phrases of the same kind are mere formulte, without either sense or meaning 1 Except that they inform discriminating readers that the persons using them have no argu- ment remaining, and have lost then* tempers, they might as well be left un- written. When a spoiled woman is de- nied some little indulgence- say a new bonnet, or a visit to the opera-which her husband cannot conveniently afford; or when she is gently reproved for some little impropriety of conduct, she usu- ally has recourse to an outburst of petu- lant tears, and declares that her husband does not love her, and never did ; all of which may be very pretty and engaging in private life, but is not an example which can be safely followed by a numerous body of men maintained by the public for the performance of im- portant duties. And yet clergymen who are " sorry to see opportunities so " often embraced for widening the " breach between popular and religious " sympathies, " are no less unieasonable and unjust than spoiled women. In de- fault of argument they make n querulous complaint, and that of so vague and in- tangible a kind that it is impossible to meet it either with facts or with argu- ments. The clergyman who has no better reason to advance charges his opponent with being an enemy to reli- gion, just as the spiteful beauty who cannot have her own silly way de- clares that her husband hates her. The one is quite as good a logician as the other, and if the Presby- terian ministers of the colony feel dis- satisfied with this classification or comparison, they must blame their own champions, and not us. Regarding the íeport of the Sabbath Observance Committee of the Presby- terian Church Assembly, which is the immediate cause of these remarks, we must protest against the pas- sage in it which describes our articles on the subject of the Assembly's dealings with Mr. G. E. JONES as " in " vective and vituperation." We are not aware that we ever indulged in either the one or the other, in respect to the Assembly or its doings. On the contrary, our constant aim has been to aid and support the Assembly, as we would any other organisation having for its object the conservation of public morality, by every means in our power; and whatever the members of the Assembly may think on the sub- ject, we feel satisfied that we were acting kindly towards them, and in the true interests of the cause which we are sure they have at heart, when we cautioned them not to accept pecuniary favours from Mr. C. E. JONES, and not to attempt to force upon the general public a kind of Sabbath observance that is re- pugnant to the feelings of the great bulk of the orderly and respectable ni embers of the community. It may seem baish to accuse these reverend presbyters of wilful injustice, but they cannot be acquitted of that charge without being held guilty of using language of which they do not know, or have not considered, the full meaning. There was not a word of either invective or vituperation in our articles, as our censors win find out for themselves if they recur to them in some calm moment-when they have returned to their peaceful glebeR'and manses, for instance, and are no longer under the influence of the impassioned eloquence of a MACKIE or a NISH, , "~ As to the arguments by which1 this Sabbath Observance Committee seek to controvert our views, we can only say that they have all been fully 're- plied to long since. They demand, on behalf of the working-man, that he shall have his seventh day's rest undisturbed, and to this wo can only rejoin once more that the ar- rangements of the railway service never did compel any man to work on Sun- day. The little work that was per- formed on that day, in the worst of times, required only a few hands; and instead of its being objected to by the men, it was eagerly sought after, as a means of ' increasing their earnings. It is not, then, in the interests of the railway hands that the Presbyterian Assembly have agitated against Sun- day woik on the lines and ^ in the workshops.', Nor is it in the interests .of the general public, since nobody was compelled to travel by rail on Sunday against his will. As to the sheep trains, ±he committee have simply taken upon themselves to pronounce upon a subject which they do not understand. They say that by means of Sunday trains " the kindness shown to these ", animals is that of allowing them to " enjoy the Melbourne air during the " intervening period " (between Sunday ¡night and Tuesday morning) " rather " than the air of the up-country dis- tricts." But the fact is, that the bulk .of the sheep brought to the Mel- bourne market from the north, do not reach town in the railway trucks, but on foot. They are brought down by train on Saturday or Sunday (would have been, rather, before the in- terference of the Presbyterian clergy- men procured a change of system) to within one or two days' journey of the market-yards, and travelled from thence io town, in order that they might recover from the effects of their previous -confinement in the close trucks, and reach the markot in a sound and wholesome condition. It ap- pears that the , business committee .of the Assembly have succeeded in ob- taining an alteration in the management .of the railways which has upset this altogether suitable and convenient arrangement, and we cannot but con- gratulate them on their achievement. 'To be the means of disturbing important 'lmsiness arrangements, and of subjecting many thousands of harmless sheep to discomfort, if not to suffering, every week, in order to assert and enforce Ibeir own peculiar views on a disputed -question, will probably be gratifying to the capacious minds of the committee, hut ordinary men, not reverend pres- byters nor Sabbath observance commit teemen, would rather be relieved from tibe responsibility of such a victory. We scarcely think that it is necessary io exclude from the strictures which this and previous articles on the same sub- ject have contained, the large number of Presbyterian ministers who do.not con- cur in the views of the Sabbath Ob- servance Committee. We are glad to know that ¿here is a great difference of .opinion in the Assembly, not only in .regard to the observance of the Sabbath, fcut in respect also to Mr, C. E. JONES and other subjects, and we wish to limit our criticisms to those members who have openly and prominently incurred them. To the others we have only to say that it will be better for the Presbyterian Church, and for the cause of morality, when their more moderate and reason- able views have come to prevail in the Assembly. The following telegram has been received from Mr. Clement Hodgkinson, dated Runnymede, 18th November :- "About 400 persons were present at the land selection, which has been very satisfactorily concluded. Out of forty-five allotments open for selection, thirty-eight have been taken up almost exclusively by bona fide farmers. Two-thirds of the total number of successful applicants are small farmers at Corop and Rochester, already occupying land previously granted to them under the 12th and 42nd sections. No dummyism on behalf of the run-holders was noticed. A slight attempt on behalf of some parties from a distant district was detected, and frustrated. The public questioning of each applicant quite prevented speculation." We aie informed that, in order to test the light of the Board of Land and Works to sell the land constituting Wellington-parade, a motion for an injunction to prevent the sale will bo made in the Court of Equity to- day, on behalf of Mr. Peter Davis, who is the owner of two allotments facing the paiade. It is stated that for these properties, on account of the advantages the frontages offered, Mr. Davis gave a sum of £3,300. He contends that if they had fronted an .ordinary street their value would have been very much less. The case will excite some inteiest. The band of the 11th Regiment will play to-day in the Botanical-gardens from four to six o'clock. The following is the pro .grammo ¡-"Quick March," Kühner; quad- rille, "La Vie Parisienne," Marriott ; selection, " William Toll," Rossini ; waltz, "Hebe," Crow; selection, i" Gemma di Vergy," Donizetti ; galop, " Rosalien," Kühner ; overture, "Muella," Gounod. 1 he various borough councils in the suburbs held their annual meetings at noon yester . day, when the mayors for the ensuing year were elected, and the accounts of the past .year were submitted. The shire and road Jjoaid elections also took place throughout tho country. The results, as far as wo could gather them, are given in another column. The funeral of the late Mr. Ambrose Kyte took place yesterday afternoon. In spite of the unfn'v omable weather, the number of persons who took part in the ceremony was very , laTge. About thirty or forty private carriages followed the hearse, and these again were succeeded by at least an equal number of ? cars and hansoms. The cortège left the house of the deceased gpntleman and proceeded to St. Petei's Church, where the usual service was read, after which tho procession re-formed and went on to tho General Cemetery. ? On arriving there, a large number of members of St. Patrick's Society, con- spicuous in their regalia, lined the sides of the walk along which the funeral passed. The pall was borne by the Hon. J. M'Cul- loch, M.L.A., the Hon. J. F. Sullivan, M.L.A., Captain Amsinck, R.N., Mr. Gillbee, Mr. Taylor, solicitor, Mr. Stewart, solicitor, Mr. Sutcliffe, and Deputy-Assistant Commis- sary-General Middleton. Amongst the crowd who followed tho body to its resting jplàco in ' the compartment appropriated to the Church of England were his Honour Sir Redmond Barry, the Hons, J. G. Francis, C. E. Jones, J. M. Grant, and a large number of members and ex-members of both Houses . of Parliament, members of the City Corpora- tion, the mayor and council of the Borough of Richmond, and many leading citizens and old .colonists/ Prayers over the gravo were read by the Rev. H. H. ' P. Handfleld, who'was assisted by the Revs. E. Puckle and C. S.'Pcrry. The usual fortnightly meeting of the com- mittee of the Melbourno Chamber of Com- merce, waa held on Tuesday afternoon, Mr. J. Lorimer (the president) in the chair, and present also Messrs. Blackwood, Bright, Kendall, R. M. Smith, Stevenson, Spowers, and Strachan. After the preliminary busi- ness tho president brought under thejconsi deration of the commitee the subject of a uni- form tariff and a Customs union for the Australian colonies. After discussion tbjO following resolutions wero adopted ; "That, in the opinion of this committee, it is,desirable that onb uniform tariff be adopted throughout the Australian colonies ; 'that, in order to secure that object, it is'expedient that a commercial or Customs union be esta fclisbedV the Custom- houses at the various ports being constituted portions of ono esta- blishment, collecting on behalf of tho Union, and the net aggregate revenue being appor- tioned amongst the several Governments in tho ratio of the population of their respectivo colonies ; that the adoption of such a reform in the mode of collecting the Customs revenues would immensely facilitate tho operations of trade, would greatly lessen the cost of collec- tion to each Government, and would tend generally to promote tho prosperity of each of the colonies embraced in the union ; that it is advisable that the views of tho neighbour- ing Chambers of Commerce on this question be ascertained ; and that tho secretary com- municate with the several chambers on tho subject." The adjourned general public mooting of tho Early Closing Association was held at the Mechanics' Institute, Collins-street, lost even- ing, and altogether about 250 persons at- tended. Mr. Whitccross was elected to the chair, and duly opened the proceedings. Mr. Jackman, the secretary, read tholminutes of tho preceding meeting, and then Mr. Pea- cock, the treasurer, made a short financial statement. By the latter it appeared that during the main part of the last eight months j-for the half-yearly meeting had been un- duly delayed- considerable apathy had been exhibited, but latterly members had woko up, and as much as £8919s. was paid in within a short space. This, with the exception of a fow trifling debts, left a balance in hand of £15 2s. 2d. The secretary, Mr. Jackman, then made a verbal statement of the affairs of the association, dwelling upon the lukewarm ness lately displayed, which ho illustrated by asserting that, although thoro were properly 800 or 1,000 members of tho association paying sizpenco per week, the weekly in- come stood for months at only £2 10s., showing only 100 subscribers. This, coupled with the fact that the officers of the association had for some time been heavily responsible for expenses, was discou- raging, but ho hoped the revival would last. As for the 30s. a-week allowance as secretary, he said he had not asked for it, and denied that that should be made a bone of conten- tion. In the face of the existing inaction, he owned he had not had the face to press the employers for tho Saturday afternoon holi- day, which, indeed, it was nover intended to ask for till tho six o'clock closing practico was thoroughly established. This could not be said to be the case, for no sooner had a few of tho larger houses com- menced closing at six o'clock than a number of the members seemed to think they had dono enough, and declined to do more, whereas, to got the smaller shopkeepers to close at six o'clock was the main difficulty. He exhorted the members to bestir themselves, or else others would not interest themselves about them. In answer to a question it was then elicited that, so far from receiving his 30s. a-week, Mr. Jackman had only taken £7 10s. in all, which, after the expenses of the public meetings, could not leave much. Then followed a long discussion, in which several speakers indulged in recrimination, one side condemning and tho other side justi- fying the lato officers and committee. After some ebullitions of temper, however, the general feeling calmed down, and then votes of thanks were formally passed to all the retiring officers. The following were elected as office-bearers ¡-Secretary, Mr. Jackman tieasurer, Mr. Scott; committee, Messrs, Rushbrook, Wood, Hunt, Noble, Grubber, M'Donald, Hartney, Moyle, Gardiner, Coulter, Weighttnan, and Vasher. Tho proceeding! closed with a vote of thanks to tho chair man. The great equatorial telescope, intended for the Melbourne Observatory, arrived, as already announced, per the Empress of the Seas, and is being gradually removed to its destination preparatory to erection. The portions delivered have escaped injury during the voyage, and consist principally during tubes and eye-pieces. The former are con- tained in two ponderous and immense wooden cases, one being 7ft. 6in. in length and 5ft. 3in. in diameter, and the other, con taining the lattice tube, 22ft. in length, with a lesser diameter. The instrument, and the building intended for its reception, have been fully described in our columns. The contract for the erection of the piers on which the telescope will rest, has been taken at £490, and the work will be pro cecded with immediately. That portion of the ground required for the purpose of the erection has been railed in. Some of the ap- paratus for sinking the foundations has been deposited in the vicinity. We are informed however, that four or five months must elapse befate the erection of the telescope and the necessary buildings are completed. At the sittings of the Presbyterian Churcl Assembly yesterday, the Rev. J. W. Lawson who had been under sentonce of suspensior was accorded permission to minister undo tho supervision of the Presbytery of Gipt Land until the commission sat in May, wit a view to his being restored in the event c the presbytery reporting favourably on hin The ovening sederunt was occupied with th education report, the discussion on whic was postponed until to-day, and an appeal b the Rev. F. Rae against certain proceeding of the Geelong Presbytery on a charge c intemperance made against him. The appet was dismissed, and the presbytery instruct« to enter on the case de novo. Tho assembl ilid not rise until after midnight. We are requested to call the attention c persons engaged in trade with tho Wester district to the fact that during the pressure c the wool season the departuies of the stean ship Western from this port, as well as froi Poitland and Belfast, will be somewhat im gular. She will bo loaded and despatched i fast and as often as possible, the intentio being to run her two trips weekly. TI daily advertisements will indicate her mov> mi;n ts. A well-informed correspondent states thi it was in 1854, and not in 1857, that the Jai Mr. Ambrose Kyte first exhibited a numil cent and patriotic spirit by his willin; ness to make pecuniary sacrifices to assi tho development of the resources of ti colony, He says that a series of articl on the subject wero then in course < publication in The Argus, and that M Kyte then proposed to Mr. Edward Wilsc to contribute a sum of £500 to further ti objects which the then editor of this journ had in view. We understand that Mr. Maquay hopes have all the arrangements completed by ti 24th inst. for raising tho City of Launceston, and that it is in contemplation to beach the ship at Portarlington, which is six miles from where she now lies. Last night the newly-elected mayor of East Collingwood, Councillor Bowring, gave his inaugural dinner at the Royal Albert Insti- tute, Smith-street. About thirty guests attended. After the usual loyal toasts, Mr. Reeves, in a neat speech, proposed the health of the mayor, who in turn proposed that the late mayor, Councillor Baynham, wl filled tho vice-chair. The toast of " O Representatives in Parliament," proposed I Councillor Langridge, was responded to 1 Messrs. Reeves and Everard. Tho form entered at'some length into the history the celebrated drainage subsidy, .of £10,0C half of which had been withheld, notwit standing a distinct ' promise and writt minute by Mr. Verdon. Mr, Evorard's rep was noticeable for some extremely heretic opinions respecting deputations, which : averred were useless, if not positively inj rious. He caused Bome amusenient by refi ring .to the instance of a very largo depul tion which had been met by Mr. M'Cullo pith a " no saveo" policy ; but after geni pressure in the House the same evening, th Minister bad actually produced tbo minuto Mr. Verdon, which had been suddenly d covered, on which the remaining £5,000 h been promised for 18C9, In responding tho toast of "The Borough Council," pi posed by Mr, Everard, Councillor Ciar vehemently attacked Mr. Everard's lax views respecting deputations, and declared that Mr. Everard's attendance would be "demanded' on deputations, for the money from Govern- ment they must havo. The remaining toasts of "The Officers of the Corporation," " Pros- perity to tho Royal Albert Institute," "The Ladies," and "The Press," were not got through till a late hour. It is stated that the Commissioner of Trade and Customs has suspended sevoral of the officers of his department for omitting to pay up the premiums on their guarantee policies. The racehorses Glencoe, Tim Whiifler, Stumpy, and Jumboroo, were taken to Sydney yesterday by the Australian Steam Naviga- tion Company's steamship City of Adelaide, which sailed from Sandridge during the after- noon. A Customs' return shows that in the quarter ending tho 30th of September last, the im- ports of, South - Australia amounted to £564,950, on which the duties levied produced £53,659. From Great Britain the goods re- ceived wero valued at £415,125 ; from the British possessions, £128,391 ; and from foreign states, £21,434. The ' ' goods, wares, &c;," exported amounted in value to £386,559, not less than £300,639 of that amount being for " goods, wares, &c.;," to the other coionios. The value of the " staple produce " exported in the same period was £304,480. The im- ports retained in the colony wore valued at £482,871. A paper submitted to tho Parliament of South Australia shows the territory which it is proposed to survey in the north-west, or Adam Bay settlement, It embraces a limited area on the sea coast, round Shoal Bay and Adam Bay, excludes Port Darwin, and in- cludes a vory large block of country lying eastward from the hills which form the eastern boundary of the Litchfield district. This country Í3 described as being for the most part a fine sheep and cattle country, with granite ranges, and is said to bo a " pro- mising gold country." The Wesleyan body in South Australia have petitioned the Parliament of that colony against the continuance of Sunday tiaflic on the railways there. An official return shows that the total of the Crown lands sold in South ¡Australia, from 1835 to July 1, 1868, amounted to 3,654,496 acres, which produced £4,690,236. The largest amount realised from land in any one year was in 1865, when the revenue from that source was £510,268. An official report, by the local mail-agents, presented to the Parliament of South Aus- tralia, shows that the R.M.S.S. Avoca was detained at King George's Sound for five hours only, for the South Australian October mails, in consequence of the accident to the Rangatira on her last voyage The report testifies to the activity and diligence shown by Captain Grainger to discover tho causo of the detention of his ship, and to remove it when the nature of the obstruction was ascer- tained. The only business transacted in the Equity Court yesterday was the hearing of evidence in the case of Durbridge v. Scholes, a suit re- lating to the administration of an estate. The caso of Campbell v. Speechley, heard before his Honour Mr. Justice Pohlman j esterday, at the County Court, was one of some interest, from tho point involved, to artists and the profession generally. The plaintiff sought to recover £10, tho balance of an account for work done, consisting of certain drawings of the interior of a cathedral to be erected in Newcastle, New South Wales, a competitivo design for which was being sent in by the defendant. The plaintiff claimed £20 remuneration, but £10 only had beon poid, that being considered ample payment for not only the quantity but the quality of the work executed. As usual in such cases, there was a great diversity of opinion, as to the value of the work, on the part of the witnesses called. Mr. Wilson, Mr. Terry, Mr. Reed, and Mr. Webb stated that the drawings would take an archi- tectural draughtsman not more than ton or twelve days to accomplish, the salary for such a person being said to be from £4 to £6 per week. It was, however, contended for the plaintiff that ho (Mr. Campboll) was an artist, and not an architectural draughtsman, and though tho work might be done equally weil by either, that the profession of the former being superior to that of the latter, ho was entitled to a larger amount of remuneration. His Honour coincided in this view, and gave an order for the plaintiff for £5 and costs. The principal case heard at tho Supreme Court Criminal Sittings yesterday was that of a clerk named Woodrow, charged with the forgery of an instrument purporting to bo a confession of judgment in the Supreme Court, at the suit of a clerk in the Post office department, for salary of £71 odd, which had not been paid in consequence of the deadlock. The prisoner had been con- nected with the Crown law office, and was thus supposed to have had special opportunity for the commission of the offence. The forged judgment had beon cashed by a money lender, who did a considerable busi- ness foi a time in such judgments. The jury, after hearing evidence found tho pri- soner "Not guilty." An old man named Henry Sellings, a small farmer on the Plenty River, was found " Guilty" of receiving a stolen bullock on evidence which appeared to be of doubtful character. The Court will sit again to-day. Mr. A. Lackerstein, merchant, was yester- day summoned, in the City Court, upon three separato charges of a breach of the Customs Act, by dealing in goods the proper duty upon \\\ Inch was not paid. Neither case was gone into, the requisite notices having been given for the removal of the trial to the Supreme Court. George Tulloch, architect, of Sandridge, was yesteiday committed for trial from tho Citj Couit on a charge of abduction. The girl whom he is said to have takon from home is Sophia Fanning, daughter of a shipmaster's widow, who lives at Carlton. Ho appears te have become acquainted with her some sis or seven months ago, and the fact carne to the mother's knowledge through the gossipping scandal of friends. Mrs. FanninR asserts thal she saw Tulloch, told him her daughter was only fourteen years old, requested him to refrain from going after her, as sho spoken of through him, and twice changed her place of residenor in order to avoid him, but without success. The young people met by appoint- ment on the night of the 3rd inst., strolled about Fitzroy-gardens until a late hour, and then drove in a cab to an hotel, where they re-9 mained for three days and nights. The girl's statement differs somewhat from that of her mother. She says her mother told her, thred years since, that she kwas fourteen years old and, in that belief, she told Tulloch her age was seventeen-which her appearance would warrant anybody in concluding was the truest story of the two. She did not live happily at home; her mother lived with a man named Sullivan (to whom Mrs. Fanning had previ- ously sworn she had never been marriod) and had often told her she did not want her in the house. On the morning of the 3rd instant, when she went out, her mother said she did not want to see her back again, and after staying out so late with her lover, she was deterred from going home by the fear of her mother's ill- treatment. Sho did not know which of the two proposed taking a cab to an hotel, but she went with Tulloch willingly enough, and remained with him at the Cricketers' Arms Hotel until the Saturday following the Tuesday on which she did not dare to return home. Then she moved to another place, where Tulloch visited her, and ultimately found her way home, seven or eight days after her first disappearance. Meanwhile, a warrant had been issued for the arrest of Tulloch on the charge of abduction. Mrs. Fanning having suspected him as soon as she found her daughter did not return, Hcaring that this step had been taken, the young man wrote to a detective at Sandridge, expressing his readiness to give himself up, and when subsequently arrested denied all knowledge of the girl's where- abouts. Tho facts of the case, so far as the girl's proceedings arc concerned, do not ap- pear to be disputed, but the point to be esta- blished was her age, she having herself told Tulloch that she was seventeen, and asserted that she did so because her mother had told her so. Yesterday, evidence was called to esta- blish her age. The registry of birth could not be found, but the nurse was produced, and swore that the girl was bom in August, 1854, and a woman who commenced an intimacy with Mrs. Fanning when tho child was only six months old corroborated the statement, Tulloch's solicitor reserved his "defence, and the Bench committed the accused for trial. Strange things "are done in the low houses with which certain parts of Melbourne abound, and now and then the facts become public through tho agency of the police. Thero is something very singular about a case which is at present in the hands of the police magis- trate at the City Court. Some time ago a blacksmith named Wilson came into town .with something over £20 in his pocket. The sounds of fiddling and dancing drew him into the Old Times Revived Hotel, inLittloBourke street, and there he remained all night with a woman whom he met in the house. Two 01 threo times during the night another woman, who acts as barmaid, was in and out of his bedroom, and in the morning his money was gone. These two women ho gave into custody, but ho recovered only £2 of his money. When in the neighbourhood of the court on the day of hearing, one of tho officers observed his manner, and saw that he was perfectly sober and clear as to all the cir- cumstances of the robbory ; but when ho got into tho witness-box, he was muddled, con- fused, and generally behaved as though half stupefied by drink. It then tianspired that ho had token a drink with a man not un- known to the police, and it was concluded that his drink had been drugged. The case was therefore remanded, the prisoners being admitted to bail, and yesterday it was again called on. Now, however, prosecutor was not forthcoming, and ho had not been seon since he was observed in company with the women at the hotel on the day before. Sus- pecting that ho had been '' laid up" for a timo by somo means, the Bench again remanded tho case till Monday, refusing to take bail. It is stated on Ballarat that tho defalca- tions of Mr. King, the postmaster of that borough, are supposed to amount to over £1,000. It is also stated that an opportunity had been pivon to him by the Government to make 'good the amount, and that he had not done so. i At a special meeting of the Shito Counoil of Barrabool, held at Mount Moriac yesterday, the question of the drainage of Lake Mode- warre was again biought forward. At a pre- vious meeting tho tender of James King was accepted for the drainage for the sum of £1,426 5s. 4d., subject to confirmation at a fuller meeting of the council. Yesterday it was elicited that the Government had agreed to pay a subsidy of £1,000, and that the Winchelsea Council offered to pay their share pro rata according to the quantity of land now submerged ; but as other expenses would bo incurred in addition to the amount of the tender, and as a letter was read from ratepayers of the Coast Riding ob jeeting to any of tho money being se spent, tho council agreed to hold over tht consideration of the tender till another meet ing, to be held on the 30th inst., as the re sponsibility appeared to be too great. In thi meantimo it was arranged that a deputation, consisting of a joint committee of tho Win chelsea and Banabool Shire Councils, shoulc wait on the Commissioner of Public Works to ask him for a further grant in aid of th( drainage of Lake Modewane. At the annual meeting of the South Bar won Council held yesterday, Councillor Mar tin gave notice that at the next meeting h< j» ould move that the council tako tho necos eary steps to have the borough divided inte, three wards. 1 We have files from-Sydney to the 13th and Adelaide to the 12th inst. Tho newi they contain is ot little importance. At tho Woodend Police Court on Tuesday four men who had been employed by Messrs Guthrie, Bullock, and Co., of Geelong to drive sheep from the Murray to Geelong were charged with having illegally rescued the sheep after they had been seized rescuer purpose of being impounded. The case was brought before the Court at the instancwast Mr. Rennie, the poundkeeper at Woodend who had seized the sheep as agent for Mr Garry, upon whose land they were alleged to be trespassing at the time of the seizure. Mr Arthur Guy, of Geelong, who appeared fo the defence, urged upon the Bench that i was altogether at variance with the spirit o the pound statute that a poundkeeper shouli bo allowed to act as agent for a landowner for the purpose of driving stray cattle > to hi own pound. The Bench appeared to agro with Mr. Guy as to the impolicy of such i procedure, hut called upon him to demon strate its illegality. This Mr. Guy was no prepared to do, and the defendants wer fined, the police magistrate stating that th decision was subject to a further consideratioi of the point raised by Mr. Guy. Notice o appeal was given, and seven days wer allowed in which to enter into tbo rccogni zances. "As compared with somo formoryears, says tho Examiner, "the quantity of woe arriving in Warrnambool at this perioi appears to be on the decrease. Wo actuall; learn, on good authority, that some dray Jiavo gone down to Belfast with wool, am havo then como to Warrnambool for back loading with which to leturn up-country The reason of this may partly lio in th delay which took place in sending away th wool last season, but it must also bo parti; duo to tolls and shipping charges. Nox year there is every probability of a roductioi in both items, but there is always difficult in securing trade when it has onco de parted." A public meeting to piomoto tho Gran testimonial was held at tho Reefs, Pleasau Creek, on Saturday ovening last. Mr. Johi Childe, president of tho shire council, wa in the chair, and resolutions in favour of th object of the meeting were adopted. Som of the speakers woro onthusiastic on tho sut jeet, and ono gentleman, it was mentioned had promised a subscription of £100. Aeon: mittee to promote the object of tho meetin was named. , Speaking of the ten-mile race which is t tako place on the 20th inst., at Wagga Wagg -the names of tho horses entered for whic havo already been givon- the Wagga Wagg Express says:-"Australian and Rivorin havo tho greatest number of fiionds, hu Comet, Groongal, Mitchell's two, and ol 'Iroilus aro none of them without a shara c Sanguine backers and supporters. 'Comet w know nothing about, and wo believe tha most other people aio in about the same pre dicament. Gioongal is no beauty, but li possesses a good deal of tho stuff that will I specially required in a raco of this kind pluck, bottom, and endurance, and wo ha\ a notion that ho will not seo many a-hcad c him in the last turn home. Troilus is n< wanting in pluck either, but wo do not bi licvo that he will live through a trial Uko thi or that Glaucus or Jerry Sneak will faro muc better." Our Adolaido neighbour, tho Advertiser, : severo upon tho sporting prophets in cor nexion with tho lato races on Flemingto course. It disinters their forecasts of th i principal events, and mercilessly points ot how far they were from suspecting the real issue of' tho vanous races. < The Advertiser concludes with the following remarks: "Victorian breeders havo much leeway to bring up and a good deal to learn unless they ivish to mako their courses mero racing grounds for the New South Welshmen. For ourselves, we have given up all hope of enter- ing into such a competition, as everything good we rear, almost to a cortainty, finds its way to Melbourno ; and wo imagine Tas- mania, thouin her racing mon .are moro painstaking and enthusiastic than ours, aro pretty much in the same position. To bo sure, we may have a chanco in handicaps when the system of handicaps is carried to the ultimate principle; but wo fear that, unless we havo a new race of sportsmen, it will bo long before we can compote with tho horsebreedcrs of either New South Wales or Victoria." A very large haul of kingfish was made by a party of fishermen at Queenscliff on Tuesday last. In one net nearly a hundred were enclosed. They weighed from thirty to forty pounds each. ' An accident from tho explosion of gun cotton has taken place in the works of tho Mount Tarrengower Tunnel Company, arising -like nearly all accidents by explosion-from carelessness. The Times says :-" The minors (Davis, Wherry, and another) were working their first shift 'inithe tunnel. None of them had used gun-cotton on any previous occasion, nor had they read the printed diiections sup- plied with every case sent out by the agonts. The rock in which the men were boring being full of small beads, and the points of drills being lather small to give clearance, the hole became ' fitchcred' at a depth of about sixteen inches, although intended to bo bored two feet. On commencing to load, the precaution of ascertaining the dia- meter of the hole not being taken, the cart- ridges wero found to jam tight in the hole about half-way down, and a wad of papor was placed on the top, while the wooden rod used in charging was applied vigorously by hand, but had tho effect of increasing the jam. Unfortunately, at this stage, instead of loosing the charge* by a small wiro rod, or burning it out-both of which may bo safely done-one of the miners held the tamping rod while the other struck repeated blows with the sledge hammer, during which the explosion took place, caused either by tho great heat generated by the violent compres- sion of the air behind the chargo, or by tho intense friction on the sides of the hole. Neither of these could occur if the clear, simple, printed directions wero attended to. The two men have had their hands severely maimed, but wo aro glad to say, barring tho misfortune of the loss of a unger or two, tho men are not likely to suffer much." I Allusion was made in the letter of our Ballarat correspondent yesterday to a some w hat singular caso of jumping which had oc- curred at Ballarat, The G'oiwier explains it ns follows:-"A short timo since' the busi- ness of the Survey office was moved from tho | building in Sturt-street to the offices attached to the new Court-house, beyond the gaol, in Ljdiard-street. As a consequence, the old building has remained tenantless since. Tho knowledge of this circumstance coming to the ears of Mr. Cawley, ho yesterday took possession of tho survey íeserve, and marked it off as a mining claim. The ground upon which this 'jump'is made, is that the Go- vernment have forfeited their title to the area through non- occupation, and that, there- fore, it is open to occupation under the miner's right. The next step to be taken by Mr. Cawley is to apply to the warden to be put in possession, and should he succeed in his enterprise ho will secure one of the most valuable pieces of land on Ballarat, with a largo brick building in addition," A fact which will bo interesting to those who take an interest in the natural history of the country, is mentioned by the Ararat Advertiser, which states that-"A gentle- man, who has been resident for a long timo in this colony, infoims us that twenty-two or twenty-three years ago the flights of beetles which used at times to visit this patt of Aus- tralia were sufficient to startle anyone. For a couple of summers, soon after he came, it was believed that no crop would bo allowed to grow, so uttorly were all green things devas. tatcd by this scourge. From that time to the present the beetles have beon growing less regular in their visits, while their numbors are reduced to the merest fractional part of what they once were. Our informant gives us as a parallel observation his assurance that the small birds wero by no moans so plentiful then as they are now, and in parts of Victoria where he resided magpies wero considered a rarity." An English skylark has been seen and heard in the neighbourhood of Dunolly. A very gross outrage has beon committed in the neighbourhood of Wangaratta. A maro, the property of a resident named White, has been missing for some days, and her remains, cut in pieces, havo been found in a water- hole at Fifteon- milo Creek. A reward of £20 has been offered for the discovery of the oft ender. A regatta, to talco place on the Gipps Land Lakes, is being arranged at Sale. The com- mittee expect to be ablo to spend about £120 in prizes. Tho Geelong Advertiser is responsible for the following :-" It is repoited that recent airivals from Gympie state that mining is in anything but a nourishing state. All who have the means aro leaving fast, the heat being moro than many can stand. The deop lead has proved a complete failure." A strange state of matters is reported as existing at tho Reefs, Pleasant Creek. The Ararat Advertiser, alluding to the subjocti states that the Stawell Shiio Council, " tired out and disgusted with the gross and culpablo conduct of the Government, in utterly ignoi ing the representations of tho council, en doised, as they were, bythoAiarat Mining Board, and backed up by a largo public meet- ing, have threatened to resign eil masse, and so throw upon the Government the responsi- bility of the state of things that will then ensue. It now appears that tho Main-street may be built on, the thoroughfare mined on, and, in fact, the whole township turned topsy-turvey, and that thero is no powor in the local authorities to provont it. Unless the Government at once interposes its autho- rity, the people on the Reefs will soon havo occasion to reglet the apathy of the Mi- nistry in the mattoi." Mrs. Cuddihy, tho survivor of the lato tragedy in Gipps Land, has so far reeovorod that she will be discharged from Sale Hos- pital, convalescent, in the course of the pre- sent week. "A gentleman in the neighbourhood of Warrnambool," says the JSxaminer, "informs us that, since August last, he has boen hoop- ing no fewer than twenty-flvo shcop to tho iicio on fourteen acres of lucerno ! The land is divided into two paddocks of soven acres each, and 360 sheep have been kept alter- nately in ono paddock and the other, fifty sheep to the acre being thus supported at tho same time in a seven-acre paddock." 1 A bush-fire, the first of tho season in tho Ovens district, took place on Monday, on the Dinglo Rnnges, near Beechworth. i Wo observe that a sum of about£300has beon subscribed in Beechworth to meet the ex- penses of a preliminary survey of a railway to Beechworth, in connoxion with the Govern- ment survey of the line from Molbourno to Belvoir. * " The bushranger Thunderbolt, in a con- versation with a porson whom he had just stuck-up," says tho Ovens Advertiser, "made tho following statement about á squatter with whom he had formeily lived, no says,'I'm a robber, and at one time I lived with a gen- tleman whose name I'll not mention, aud in one season helped to run in and brand-700 head of cattle that ho and all of us know were ' nuggets.' " An industrious Chinese hawker has made ¡his appearance in Portland, much to the 'astonishment of tho juveniles of that place, 'who had not before seen such a pkeno menon. : " Mr. John Bewick, American River, Kan 'garoo Island, has presented to the museum," says the South Australian Register, "a speci- men of tho tentaculated saw-fish (Preatito phorus cirratus), caught in the American ¡River, a raro fish on this coast, and worthy of notice, as forming a transition link botweon tho sharks and the common saw-fish, found |in most seas. In this croaturo tho snout is lengthened and armed with spines ; but these structures arc of difforent lengths, hooked land only attached to tho skin, and not im- planted in the hone, as is the caso with the true saw-fish." ! Tho Landsborough Tiwcssays :-" Ou Wed- nesday a young woman named Louisa Par- tella, met with her death under peculiar circumstances. Sho was employed by a settler named Currie, who lives on tho Broak-o'-Day Plains, close to the Wimmera, sevon miles from Landsborough. Mr. and Mrs. Currie were away on business, and on their return in tho evening missed tho girl, who is only about seventeen years of age. The children said that she had taken two buckets and gone to the Wimmera for water, but had not re- turned, Mr. Currio searched for her, and at last thinking sho must have fallen into the waterhole, he tried with a polo to discover her body. Ho succeeded in finding it, and brought it to the surface, but could not get the body out. Early the next morning Currie gave information to tho police. There were no marks of violence on the body, and there is no doubt that the girl went to the river to get water, and, overbalancing herself, fell in and was drowned. j Tho Warrnambool Examiner has tho fol- lowing paragraph, written in a humane spirit, and carrying a suggestion which might bo acted upon in the interests of charity :-" Tho only case at the polico. ccuTt during the past few days was a charge for being drunk and disorderly, brought against Henry Jorrold, a compositor, aged sixty, brother of the lato Mr. Douglas Jer Told, the well- known author. Tho police magistrato and Mr. Cramer were on the bench, and the accused was discharged, on condition that he loft the town. Ho had been incarcerated in the gaol from Sunday till Friday, and a few hours after being at liberty was seen at Allansford. Ho is,likely to 'tramp it'to Melbourne, and if ho should arrive there it would bo a charity for tho Benevolent Asylum Committee to givo him a home. From 1838 to 1852 he was a post to the newspaper offices throughout England, and from the lattor year up to tho presont time ho has been a rambling outcast, travel- ling from South Australia to Queensland, and back again. He was an accomplished scholar at college, but his unfortunate propensity for alcohol has for over thirty years reduced him to a common vagrant." Mr. Walter Montgomery commences his cngaRement at the Duko of Edinburgh Theatro to-night, when he will appear as Claude Melnotte in Bulwer's romantic play, "The Lady of Lyons." Mr. Mont- gomery will bo efficiently supported, and the performance wiU no doubt be a very enjoy- able one. "My Preserver" and tho burlesquo of "King Arthur" wero successfully ropoated at the Theatre Royal last evening. In the report in The Awns of yesterday of the case of O'sullivan v. Clarke, heard in the Chief Court of Mines on Tuesday, a printer's error occurs, in consequence of which ttfc meaning of some remarks made by the learned judge is not properly convoyed. What his Honour said was, that wardens should give their decisions in mining disputes without leterence to tho fact that an applica- tion« for a lease might havo been made by either of the contending parties. By tho sub- stitution of the word "ho" for " this," iu the report, a meaning is given to his Honour's words which it is apparent was novel in- tended to bo conveyed. "We havo received fiom Mrs. Stevonson, ol Carlton, a very large common hen's egg. It is of fine shape, and weighs not less than three ounces and a half. A concert takes place this evening in the Lecture-hall, Lennox-street, Richmond, ir aid of the funds of the local cricket club. A large number of tickets, we aie informed, have been sold. A lecture on Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progrest will be delivered hy Mr. Wm. Cox Cunoy, h the Wesleyan Church, Hotham, this ovoning It will bo illustrated by cosmoramic viows The chair will be taken at a quarter to oigh o'clock p.m. A drawing-ioom entertainment is to b pi\ cn this evening in the Town-hall, St Kilda, by Mr. and Mis. Lupton-this bein) their first appearance in public. Thoy wil be assisted by Mrs. Fox and nerr Staab 'Mrs. Lupton is a pupil of the harpist of thi Theatre Royal, Brussels. The programmoii very select. Wo aro informed that the lectura 01 "Music in Relation to Piaiso," recently do livered in the Richmond Prcsbyteriat Church by Mr. T. J. Buchan, precentor uealised tho sum of £10, which has beot [handed to tho church committee. The collector of tho Melbourne Orpliar ¡Asylum acknowledges tho receipt of the foi ¡lowing sums in aid of tho funds of the insti tutibn, viz., His Excellency Sir J. IT. T Manners Sutton, £10; Lady Manners Sutton '£5 ; J. Dobinson, Kew, £5 ; employés of thi i General Post Office, £17s. uti. Last night the first annual meeting of th Fourth Victoria Permanont Building Sociot; took placo at the society's office, in Littl Collins-street cast. Tho following members whose period of office had expired, wero re elected :-Mr. P. Davis, J.P., president; Mi A. L. Tucker, treasurer I Messrs. It. Byrn and \V. P. Corcoran, rnembets of committoc and Messrs. A. Pnestloy and T. Dickson auditors. The meeting was adjourned to th 2nd December, to afford sufficient time fo the preparation of the annual financial state ment. Mr. O'Giady, ono of tho candidates fo Smith Ward, addressed largo meetings of th electors Inst night at Story's Royal Artillor Hotel, and afterwards at tho Limerick Arms Knye-strcet. Resolutions woro adopted n both meethms in favour of Mr. O'Grad; as being a fit and proper person to n ptescnt tho ward in tho City Counci A meeting of the ratepayers was hold at ti: Trodes'-hall to hear Mr. John Curtain. M Tronson acted as chairman, and Messr Muckay and Crawfoid respectively propose and seconded a motion in his favour, as fit and proper candidate, which resolutio was carried without a dissentient voico. M Curtain afterwards addressed the ratepayei at Lindsay's Hotel, Elgin-stroet. 