AGRICULTURAL REPORT. WEDNESDAY, JAN. 8. Flour declined in price considerably last week, but is steadier now, and the demand I has much improved. The running up of prices so high at Adelaide was altogether a mistake, j and they must speedily como down to some- thing less than the rates ruling in the princi- pal markeis here, for, notwithstanding the partial failure of the harvest, thcrevvill still bo a large quantity for exportation, 'and it is very unceitain yet where th's can be disposed of. As the harvest progresses it is becom- ing plain that Victoria will require little or none, and New Soutli Wales has gathered an average harvest of wheat, and will not want lier supply of breadstuffs increased very largely from without. Tasmania has better crops than usurl. New Zealand, too, is growing more wheat cveiy year, and we have not heard anything of a failure there ; so that even a moderate surplus in South Australia will meet the wants of these colonies. Wheat is in more demand again here since the re- duction in price, but no large quantity is offering. Oats have been dull of sale again since it has become plain that there will be no great deficiency of them either ; but maize is firm in price, and is really becoming scarce. The number of loads of hay sent in to market is becoming vciy large ; aud although the demand has been biisk as yet, prices must decline before the end of the week if the supply continues so full. Every week better accounts oï the harvest are received, and the total yield of wheat pro- mises to be very nearly equal to that of last year, as the additional extent of new land under this crop will make up for the failures. Around Newstead the wheat is almost all cut, and the yield is allowed in most in strnccs to be very satisfactory. On exposed parts of the high land cultivated along the dividing Tange some injury was done by late frosts, but the rust has not' prevailed to any extent. At Bullarook some fields of wheat have suffered from the former cause, but the oats are tolerably good. About Smeaton there ave good and had crops, the latter only on land that has been tilled along time. At Kansaroo-hill both wheat and oats will yield well, and the same may be said of the Creswick and Clunes districts. Farther west the rust has done little harm, but about Colac, Camperdown, Mortlake, and Hamil- ton a large quantity of grain will be gathered in. The weather for soma time past lias been very favourable to the late crops, and they will be the best, having thriven amazingly vv ¡thin the lost two or three weeks. Al though early sowing ought to be the most cei tain, and issoinsuch seasons as vveusedtohave, yetithas now happened for three yeais in succession that the crops of grain sown late have yielded better than tho-6 cown in what is usually considered good time. The character of the seasons have doubtless had much to do with th's, but it lins happened too that very much of the late sown land has also been new lend. TTp to the end of the year the drought prevailed in New Sou til Wo les, but now the weather appears to have broken aU over tliat colony. Bush-fires yvere veiy severe, and did much mischief ; but if the rains continue'for any time there yvill soon be plenty of feed again, The Hunter River district ap- pears to have suffered as much as any from both cause.", and until the rain came it yvas supposed that there would be little or no maize this j'ear ; a week ago, however, all the boldcis of alluvial ground on the liver flats yvere pieparing to plant, .onie of them for the second time, and, with ahcavy shower or tyvo in due time to give strength to the young plants, they may still bave a fair crop. It has often happened that maize planted on these northern river flats, even after this time of year, has yielded well. At the Clarence and Manning Rivers, too, the maize planters r.cttoyvork after the first hcivy shovveis wl,;ch fell ¿onie tenor twelve days since, and hope has replaced the ? fecl'ii*; of de,po>r that was becoming general amongst the farmers of those northern districts at.the prospect of a long drought. But when the weather does bieak at this season, it is generally a sign that the northern settlements are to have a share of the tropical rains, which soon restore their verdure and productiveness. The vineyards promised yvcll in most parts of the colony ; but according to the Illaioarra- Mer- cury the oïdium has appeared within the last feyv days in some of the vineyards there, and is .spreading fast. It is described as having appeared suddenly in different spots, in its common form of mildew, yvhich spreads rapid'y, and causes the j-oung fi uit to shrivel I ujv and decay. If tb's be reify tho much dreaded disease which caused such loss to the yincjroweis of Europe and America, it wiU be of very great consequence to us to leam how it originated in these colonies, whether spontaneously or not. This ought to be ascertained as scon as possible, that we may prove if the spread of it over the whole of the colonies is to be guarded against. We used to .'ancy ourirelves safe out here ; but if it J* s broken out spontaneously in the two northern colonies, even the most stringent legislation wiU not keep it out of the others. On this day'week Mr. AVooff read a paper on the subject to the Horticultural Society at Sydney, in yvhich he seems to favour the spontaneous theory, and says that we may expect the disease to appear on all vines here as they become weak from age, or from having been grown in unsuitable and badly-drained land, but that vines in fuU heplth will resist the infection. This is another question that ought io be set at rest ; for if such bo the case, the man who makes, or has made, a vineyard in an improper place, or without draining and trenching, wiU know what he has in a feyv years to expect. If the oidhvm is to be added to the list, we shall soon have oil the various forms of mildew, rust, and blight that arc known. Now that the extent of the mischief is be- ginning to be pretty well ascertained, the i South Australians are wondering again at the ' cause of the rust and take-all ; and well they may, for as far as appears from the published reports neither good soil nor good tillage will enable the wheat plant to resist tho at- tacks' of cither wherever it becomes preva- lent. Instances arc given of crops being de- stroyed on new and' deeply-ploughed land, while fields of old land adjoiringhavc almost pscaped. A thorough change of seed is thought by sorrc to be the best safeguard against fiui*re loss; pud Mr. Crawford, a bi ewer, after a number of experiments as to the germinating powers of different samples, advises that this should be brought from California. He says that nearly all the wheat is sown in the colony before it is thoioughly ripe for germinating-that is to say, bcfoic it has had its germinating properties fully de- veloped by the slow absorption of moisture during wet weather. Wheat of the same sea- son's growth is almost invariably sown, and that before it has been subjected to any great change of weather, so that when the Iii st moisture reaches it in the ground the young pl¡?nt springs up suddenly and with less cnduiing vigour than it would have from older grain. This being done year after year, is supposed by Mr. Crawford to have so -'ujured Hie constitution of the wheat grown on the driest and earliest parts of tho colony as to have rendered it specially liable to the attacks of disease. Therefore the use of old seed, or of that brought from a distant country, is recommended. As the harvest progresses, the majority of the crops gathered in are good, or at least moderatedy good, and accounts improve from week to week accord- ingly. mmm^^mmmmmmmmm^ The foundation-stone of a new institute was kid at Mount Gambier on Monday by MT. J. lliddoch, to whom a handsome süver tjoyu'l was piesentcd on the occasion. 