NEWS AND NOTES. The Panama mail steamer umyed at Sydney at jteji o'clock 011 Saturday morning. The hows iVotn' Europe and America is unimportant, but the news from New Zealand is both, important and distressing. The Go Voi'i}i;)ent appears to bo quite unable to check the progres,s q£ Maories, who are growing stronger and more daring, Ttye flourishing settlement of Wan ganui is now threatened. Quj' telegraphic summary of the news will bo found in another j;af£ oj: the paper. An inquest was held on Saturday, at the Sobastopo] hotel, Sebastopol, into the cause of the death of a cliiJd about a fortnight old, the sou of Elizabeth "Wat kins, who die (J- 911 the 2Gth inst. From the medical and other evidence it appeared that the mother did not suckle the child herself, and il«at a few days after he was born he took ill. A doctor was ssfor and visited him once, but as he seemed to get better t he decjor was not asked to see him again. He, however, got worse cij tlie 20tli and died, the cause being an illness brought on lyy want of proper nourisliing food. The jury found a verdict in accordance with the evi dence. A y<?i?ng man named Edward Tomkins, in the em ploy of Mr D. Brayshay, of Buninyong, whilst bathing in the reservoir, was accidentally drowned on Friday | evening, at about 8.30 p.m. At tfye inquest held on | the body 011 Saturday, at the Crown hotel, it appeared | thjt the deceased and several others wore bathing on the day mentioned. Tomlans was unable to swim, and he stayed in the water after the rest had either left the place or were dressing. The attention of Mr Win. Graham was called to the unfortunate man by some boys, as he was just disappearing for the last time. Mr Graham jumped in with his clothes on, but was unable to catch hold of him. He was bathing in a place where the bank is very steep. A large number of persons soon gathered 011 the spot, but were unable to find the body until about two o'clock on Saturday morning. The deceased was universally respected by the inhabitants of Buninyoug, and was followed to the grave by a large number of acquaintances on Sunday afternoon ; he has left no relatives in the neighborhood, and was a single man, a native of Read ng in Berkshire, England, aged 34 years. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. There was not a very good house at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, and the boxes and dress circle were as bare as usual. " The Ticket-of-leave Man " was the first piece, and " Capital Match" the ifterpieee. Mr Rogers appeared in both, and the caste jenerally was very good, so that the entertainment iv;is enjoyable enough, and was well received. This ivening the long-promised extravaganza " Paris the [•'air" will be produced for the first time. The management has spent a great deal of care upon the jet-up of the piece, which will no doubt bo both bril liant and lively. At the conference of the Buninyongshire Council md Sebastopol Borough Council held on Saturday to consider the advisability of forming an union under the "Weights and Measures Statute, there were present for the shire the President, and Councillors Brown, Iunes, Scorer, and Lamb, and the secretary, and for the borough the Mayor, and Councillors Edwards, Tait, and Nickers, and the town- clerk. It was agreed to form an union. The shire council has a set of weights and measures. On Saturday morning a black snake three feet in length, was discovered and killed at Messrs M'Millan and Gynn's premises, Grenville street. The snake had probably been brought in the firewood. On Saturday morning a very smart capture of two Chi nese thieves, named Ah Wanand Quong How, supposed to be the persons who stole the quicksilver and copper plates from the Monte Christo Quartz Company, Little Bendigo, near Ballarat, was effected by Sergeant Lynas and Constable Allen, of the Smythesdale police station. The police in question had gone out on Fri day evening in the direction of Budgeon's Flat, beyond Browns, in company with a Chinese detective, to search for another offender, and while there got some tidings regarding Ah "Wan and Quong How, who were stated to be stopping with a Chinese in the neighborhood, and to be within at that time. The police repaired to the place, but the supposed offenders had got warning and wore out of the way. It was then about ten o'clock at night, and the police left apparently for home, but returned again about three hours afterwards, when they found, as anticipated, that the objects of their search had also returned. The police then arrested the two Chinese in ques tion, and brought them to the lock-up at Smythesdale, getting home about three o'clock on Saturday morn ing. The prisoners have been remanded for a week. During the last few days' very dry weather there have been several bush-fires, and 011 Friday last the whole of Mount Egerton was burning. Ill several other places 111 that direction small fires have been seen. All accident of a rather serious nature occurred on Saturday last, to Mr M'Culloch, landlord of the Tourello hotel. "While he was standing in the sale yard of Messrs Hepburn and Leonard, a young horse kicked the gate near which he was stationed, and the gate flying to his head got jammed. He was taken up quite insensible, and for some time his life was thought to be in danger. Officials on the railway inform us that, on AYednes day and Thursday nights, at about 10.25 oil each occasion, a splendid meteor, of large size and greenish hue, was seen moving in the direction of the constel lation Southern Cross. The following appointment is notified in Friday's Government Gazette:—John B. Scurfield, t-jbe manager of electric telegraph, and collector of imposts at Lin ton, from the 23rd October, 18G8. A man named Patrick Sullivan, residing at the Swam]), near Climes, fell ofl'the pole of his dray on 27th November, and the wheel passing over his loft leg caused simple fracture of that member. Mr AY. S. Jones, of Mount Prospect, was thrown from his horse while proceeding home on the night of 27th November, causing concussion of the brain, be sides severe internal injuries. He is attended by Dr. Steel, of Creswick, but is at present in a very danger ous state. A young man, an engraver, by trade, was brought before the District Court on Saturday, cliargcd with having made use of the occasion of one of those tea meetings so common with us to carry ofl' a girl under fourteen years of age against the will, and without the knowledge, of the girl's parents. The case stands adjourned till Thursday, in order to try and find the girl, who is still missing. The committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society decided on Saturday last to hold a grain show next March, and a sub-committee was ap pointed to apply to the municipal authorities for the use of the Alfred Hall for the occasion. At the half-yearly meeting of the Prince of Wales Lodge of Freemasons, No. 434 I.C., Smythesdale, held at the lodge room, La Motty's Court-house hotel, in that town, oil the evening of 26th November, the following brethren were elected to fill the various offices:—Br J. F. Clapperton, AY.M.; Br F. AYortham, S.AY.; Br E. M. Caimes, J .AY.; Br H. A. Corinaldi, treasurer; Br J. It. Trevor, secretary; Br J. A Yard, tyler. Owing to pressure of lodge business that evening, it w;us decided that the filling up of the olliccs of deacons and inner guard be postponed till next regular meeting. Mr S. Morrison's energy and ability as secretary of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society are well known, and on Saturday last the committee voted him a bonus of £.'30, in recognition of his services connected with the late National Show. There will be a ball in the Alfred Hall this evening, preceded by a social gathering around " the festive board." The occasion is an invitation from the two mayors of the town to certain of their friends to meet thorn in a quiet way for a pleasant evening's enter tainment, in which "East and West" arc to be for the nonce most agreeably "amalgamated." Sermons were preached in the Alfred Hall on Sun day by the Revs. Messrs Annear and M;Michael, in connection with the Excelsior Tent LO.R. To-morrow evening a grand oratorical and musical celebration will take place, in connection with Mr Burnett's farewell, and in aid of the Orphan Asylum and Bene volent Asylum funds. Anniversary .sermons were preached on Sunday at the Dawson street Baptist Church by the llev. \V. Bryant of Melbourne. This evening a tea-meeting will take place in the schoolroom ; after which ad dresses will be delivered by several ministers and laymen. A boy about eight years of age, named James Oddic, son of Mr Thomas it. Oddie, of Chepstowe, was drowned on Saturday afternoon while bathing in a water-hole adjacent to the residence of his father. It seems that the boy went to bathe with one of the servant-men after dinner. The man was known to be a good swimmer, and of course the boy was thought to be safe when along with him. The man, it seems, offered to take the boy on his back for a swim, but the boy refused, and ran away from the water. Usually the boy, it is said, was very fond of being carried in this way while bathing with any of the men. This time, however, it seems that he ran away. When the man came out of the water he sent a little brother of the deceased to call him back, and order him to dress. This child's statement is, it seems, that the last he saw of his brother was his (lipping his head in the water-hole. Mr Oddie immediately after the unfortunate occurrence rode to Carngham and gave information to tins police, and also got grapnels made, and every exertion was used in dragging for the body of the deceased, but without avail, till Sunday morning, when it- was recovered. Mr Oddie is well known and highly renpeeted, and great sympathy is expressed in reference to the sad bei-eaven)ei)t; The burial will take place on Tuesday afternoon. Our Smytliesdale correspondent writes:—"An ex tremely unpleasant 'occurrence took place in comiec nection with the robbery at Ross' Creek, 011 Friday, as reported in Saturday's issue. It appears that Mounted-constables M'Grath and Lanigan, of the local police-station, in pursuance of their orders as con tained in tho se.irclMyarpaijt l(ai)(Je<l tq them, searched the cottage of a resident in the loe;flij;y, a very near neighbor of the person robbed. No trace of the missing articles was found, and, as aggravating the painful circumstance of a search being made in the case, the police had not much more than com pleted their overhaul of tho building in question when jtliey got a trace of the real culprit, an old swagsman joined lfaiinaj/an, who was but recently discharged from the Snjythesdal.e louk-up. The police traced him to a beer shop at Gherry-£ree, and found tho stolen watch with him, a-s also a portion of the" jyear ing apparel, but the purse was not recovered, and is supposed to have been secreted by him somewhere along the way. He was brought in custody to the Smytliesdale lock-up, and was remanded for a week." Aij g4<lres6 ami a gold watch anil chain were pre sented to ifr Johi} on Saturday, by tho committee of the Ballarat Agricuitifra} and Pastoral Society. Mr G. G. Morton niado tho iirasejitafiq)), and the members of committee generally spoke in terms of high eulogy respecting the valuable services rendered to the society by Mr Dalgleish, alike as a private member and as president and vice-president of the socitty_. The working men's teinpeyangq mooting, 011 Satur day evening, at the Assembly- room at the back qf tho Alfred Hall, was very well attended. Mr J, Kenuct took the cliair at eight o'clock and delivered a speech; after which Messrs Glenny and O'Donnell gave several readings of standard pieces, and Master N. Jenkins recited "The Charge of the Light Brigade," and Lochinvar." Mr G. C. Robinson, of Sebastopol, in the course of the evening delivered an address. H.M.S.S. Cliarybdis will not sail from Sydney for New Zealand, as anticipated, but is detained on the Australian station, pending the receipt of further ad viees from the Government at Wellington relative to the state of the disturbed districts, and the necessity for assistance. The opening of the Eastern Market on Friday was continued on Saturday, when the general market was opened. Business began in earnest about -1 p.m., and nil the evening the place was, like the Bridge street market, as a bit of [Paddy's Market in Melbourne cut out and put down 011 the Peel street lleserve. The full length of table down the middle of the market Wiis taken up with stalls of all sorts of things. A specially brisk trade in cherries took place, and a good many cases were emptied and sold. Applications were made to the secretary by tlie stall-holders for the right to have the same stalls again, and generally it seemed that a good deal of heart has been given to the project by the success of Saturday. There was a deficiency of vegetables, but the secretary states that he is informed that the Chinese hawkers monopolise that trade. We heard of no business in the cattle market. In our notice of the opening day, wo omitted mention of the weighbridge, which has been repaired by Messrs Hunt and Opie, of the Victoria Foundry, and is now erected in the market reserve east of the general market. It has been tested by Mr O'Connor, the inspector of weights and measures, who pro- nounces it to be in excellent order. There is another thing to be noticed in connection with the opening, and that is tlie award of prizes to a Chinese exhibitor of gardeu produce. It is be hoped this will be a stimulus both to Chinese and European gardeners to engage in aiming at the best possible results in horti cultural industry. "We are requested to state that the name, Mrs A. Hancock, in the prize list for straw berries, should have been Mrs N. Hancock, and that Mrs Lloyd, aud not Mr Hillman,was the exhibitor of cream cheese. A robbery of gold and valuables was committed on a Chinaman, named Ah Yeng, at Derwent Jack's, Piggoreet, on the 11th instant, and the thief is sup posed to be one of the same nation, named Ah Tew, who is described as about five feet seven inches in height, with round full face, and two or three marks on the right cheek, wearing a blue Chinese jumper, and with lialf-wellingtons. The property stolen consists of 1!, ounces of fine gold, a -1.1 dwt nugget, shaped like a kidney bean, a 3 dwt nugget, with, a little sand ad hering, an 18 dwt gold ring, marked inside with the name Ah Yeng, a 7 A dwt gold ring, a small silk sash, and £18 10s in cash. The last number of the I'olive Gazette contains the description of a quantity of property stolen on the night of the 13th instant, from the ofiice of Mr James Dowlin, of Little Bendigo. The property consists of six copper plates, -10 inches by 21; three plates, -10 by 14, with several pieces broken oil*; and three iron buckets with spouts, enamelled inside, containing 280 lbs of quicksilver. The property has not yet been traced. It is stated by tlie Quarterly Journal of Scicncc that the eastern and western sections of the Pacific llailway in America have been brought within 900 miles of each other, anil it is expected that the whole will be opened for through tratlic from New York to •Sail Francisco on Jth July next. The following fines have been imposed during the month of October for breaches of the Customs laws:— FeiiVneim, Jacobs, and Co., for not specially reporting cigars, i'2 2s; \\\ arne and AVebster, for irregularity in not entering for export traveller's samples, 10s; the master of the Stordt, for bringing in a greater quantity of powder than is allowed by law within port, goods forfeited; 13. Jones and Co., erroneous entry of goods and non-correspondence with invoices, goods forfeited, and a fine of £100 imposed; Ilaegc and Co., not specially reporting cigars, 20s; and the master of the Sarah Barr. not accounting for a case of gin shipped as stores, £5. The Government Gazette of Friday contains a scries of regulations respecting tlic use of stills in vineyards, and a communication from tlie Colonial Office on the prevention of forgery of trade-marks. St. Kilda has now been divided into three wards— north, south, and west. The neccssary proclamation appeared in the Government Gazette of Friday night, having been agreed to by the Executive Council on the 23rd instant. j Ouv Melbourne correspondent writes:—" Tlie sale i of the Herahl to Mr Syme, of the Age, was completed on Saturday. It is understood that the publication : of the paper will be continued." The right to the gates at the approaching meeting , of the Ballarat Turf Club was sold by auction by Mr j Kelly on Saturday, and realised £278, in addition to 1 the £5 3s to be paid by the purchaser as a subscrip tion. Messrs Michael Walsh and Corbett were the purchasers. The highest bid for the light to publish the cards was £37 Ms, but as the secretary had been offered £50 privately, no sale was made. Although the right to the gates at the last meeting sold for .£310, the sum realised oil Saturday may be considered very satisfactory. i At the convocation of the St. George Royal Arch Chapter held on Friday evening, companion Chas. D. Cuthbert was presented with an address and valuable time-piece," for the services lie rendered to the chapter during the two years he acted as first principal. The time-piece is a good specimen of workmanship, from the shop of Mr Sleep. We (Geelong Advertiser) arc informed that on and after the 1st December, the Moorabool station will be closed for traffic. This intelligence will, doubtless, create considerable dissatisfaction among the residents of the viaduct, and the vignerons, who during past years have fowarded tons and tons of fruit from the station to Ballarat and other markets. We scarcely believe that the hon, the Commissioner of Railways can have been correctly informed or he would never have closed a station which is of great convenience to a well populated district. It is true the passenger traffic does not amount to much, as the district is so close to town; but in the fruit season, the traffic is surely sufficient to pay for the station being kept open. Should the Commissioner persist in the new arrangement a handsome station will soon go to rack and ruin, or a caretaker will have to be engaged, and this person might just as well be employed to issue tickets, &c.;, and so contribute toward the payment of his salary. The Harcourt station on the Murray line is also to be closed on and after the 1st of January, and residents of Lcthbridge are informed that they can proceed to the Leigh road in the van of the goods train passing about 5.15 a.m., and so catch the morn- ing train to Geelong, which leaves the Leigh road at 7.13 a.m. They can also proceed in the same manner to Meredith, and there catch the morning train to Ballarat. Letters have been received by the late mail from England, stating that the Rev. W. J. Cother, one of the ministers trained in the Rev. C. H. Spurgoon's col- lege, has sailed for Melbourne in the ship Highflyer, which took her departure from the Thames on the 7th of October last. He is coming out to take charge of a Baptist Church at Prahran. Land situate at the site of the Customs reserve, in Sandridge, was sold on Friday at the Crown lands sale, at a price of about £6000 per acre. A small plot of eleven and a fifth perches realised £434, the upset price being £300 per acre. We regret to learn that small-pox has made its ap- pearance in Melbourne. A seaman named Webster, from on board the ship Avonvale, which arrived from Foo Chow Foo on the 22nd inst., was admitted into the Melbourne Hospital on the 24th, and on Friday his complaint was found to be unmistakably small- pox. The hospital management communicated with the chief medical officer as soon as this discovery was made, and the man was removed on Friday night to the hospital at the Immigration Depot. All commu- nication between the ship and the shore was cut off in the course of the day, and she was to return to the quarantine station on Saturday morning. It does not seem that this case need cause any alarm in the public mind, since the authorities have had early cognisance of the appearance of the disease, and have taken prompt measures to prevent its spread amongst the population. It is most fortunate, however, that the case turned up in the Melbourne Hospital and not in a private dwelling, where probably its true nature would not have been discovered until too late to isolate the patient. Some anxiety was on Sunday caused about Ballarat by a large volume of smoke rising from a place on the north-west of the Western borough. On enquiry in that direction we found the fire on the Wendouree Swamp, a match having been put to the dry reeds in order to clear as much of them off as possible. The cutting or removal of Murray pine trees on the Katandra run, Benalla district, has been pro- hibited. A proclamation appears in Friday night's Govern- ment Gazette, defining the boundaries of a reserve of 32,000 acres for the preservation and growth of timber in the county of Rodney. A cottager out at Caulfleld has a singular chicken just lately hatched. It is perfect in every respect, with the exception of the two heads it has distinctly set on the body. The heads are divided like a claw hammer. Each beak is used alternately, and it is quite amusing to see how curiously the four eyes are made use of. It is of the mixed Dorking breed. We (Ararat Advertiser) are informed that a rich specimen of copper ore has been found somewhere in the neighborhood of Moyston, by Mr Matthews of that place. Mr Russell, our mining surveyor, in- spected the ore and has pronounced favorably upon it. Effort will be made to ascertain the quality of the deposit, and, if encouraging, measures will, we believe, be taken to start the mine as early as possible, and develop what may prove to be a most important branch of our mineral wealth. The Benalla Ensign states that the notes of a cuckoo were heard near Benalla a few days ago. The enquiry into the charges preferred against Mr Jeremy, the traffic superintendent of the Government railways, will be commenced on Tuesday. The board will consist of Messrs Bindon, Odgers, and Hodge kinson. The bench of judges sitting in Banco on Friday confirmed the conviction of Middleton, the Dayspring's captain, for his breach of the Chinese Passenger Act. Nothing will now intervene to prevent the fulfilment of the sentence passed upon him. A man named John Ryan lately drank at Burke Town a couple of quarts of cold water at a draught, and laid down. Sonne men in the place thought the man was sleeping, but discovered their mistake when endeavoring to awake him to go to bed. He was dead. Detective Hyland yesterday arrested a man named Richard M'Clelland, a cabman, who is charged with stealing money from his late employer in Prahran. He will be brought before the Eastern Police-court this morning, and probably remanded to Prahran. Mr Deeble sold English blackbirds, thrushes, gold- finches, &c.;, on Saturday, and the old favorites fetched long prices. We hope the Western Council had the sagacity to secure some of the birds for breeding in the botanical gardens aviary. A notice appears in our advertising columns, re- questing depositors in the Post-office Savings Bank at Ballarat, to forward their pass-books to the Post- office, Ballarat or Melbourne, for examination. After examination the books will be promptly returned. A man named Cornelius Cosgrove, who had gone out early in the morning intent upon committing a theft before he returned home, and did his very best to carry out his purpose, was given in charge to the police on Sunday, by Samuel Edwards, who lives on the Plank road, for stealing a lot of fowls. He raised the window of a hotel next door to where he com- mitted the theft, for which he was given in charge, and gained the inside of the house from which he had to retreat in consequence of the landlady being roused. Not content with being once found out, he no sooner had beaten his retreat than the landlady of the hotel, who was watching, saw him get into the yard of her neighbor. She gave notice to the owner of the place, who got up just in time to catch the prisoner at the hen-roost with several fowls killed and in a bag. When given in charge the fellow was seen by Con- stable Sheridan to drop something on the ground which was found to be an old handkerchief contain- ing a silver watch wrapped in its folds. He denied that it was his property, but will be charged this morning with stealing it as well as the fowls. The concert given on Friday evening by the Lear- month Private Glee and Madrigal Union, in aid of the Blind Asylum, Melbourne, went off very successfully, and was well attended. The singing was perhaps not so good as at previous concerts, but this may be ac- counted for by the oppressive and trying weather. The instrumental music, however, was excellent, and made up for any deficiency on the part of the vocalists, the accompaniments by two young ladies on the piano and harmonium, and the additional accompaniment by a proficient violinist, being the most attractive feature in the entertainment. Great credit is due to the members of the union for the progress that they have made, and it is to be regretted, in a monotonous place like Learmonth, that the concerts are not more frequent. The fancy bazaar which was opened on 26th No- vember, at the Temperance Hall, Creswick, in aid of the Church of England, proved tolerably successful in a financial point of view, the receipts up to Saturday night being about £174. The hall was very tastefully decorated, and the stalls were replete with a variety of articles, evincing on the part of their fair manufac- turers not only a great amount of taste and skill, but also most commendable industry. The hall each evening presented a most animated appearance, being crowded with visitors, and the brilliant colors of the fancy articles, combined with the light dresses of the ladies and the more sombre-hued garments in which the gentlemen were apparelled, formed a most pleasing and everchanging spectacle. The charms of music also added each evening further attractions to the scene, Mrs Pyne kindly playing on the piano various choice selections, while the juvenile drum and fife band, under the leadership of Mr Gilbert, performed just without. The utmost good humor prevailed throughout, and the whole of the arrangements seemed to give general satisfaction. On Saturday evening Professor Nash, the electro- biologist and mesmerist, gave one of his performances at the Charlie Napier Theatre to a very small audience. The subjects whom he had " under the influence " were a girl about seventeen years old and a young man about nineteen or twenty years of age. These he affected in the usual way, his efforts to make them do what he pleased proving very successful. He ex- plained as he went on the various points of interest in his performance and made it a sort of illustrated lecture. 