MEAT PRESERVING. A Meeting has been held in Melbourne to consider the desirability of forming a Com pany for preserving aud exporting fresh meat to England, more than ono hundred influ- ential gontlomen attended, nnd tlio honorable Wm. Oamimieu,, M.L.C., was iu tlio chair. Tho attention of tlio meeting was called to . two great and prominent facts, which wo have more than onco pointed out, namoly, that Great Britain wanted meat, and that wo wore in a position to fnrnish it, the only qucstiou being how to carry out tho desired ends. Population in tlio Australias cannot, at any rate, for centuries overtake the increnso of sheep and cattle, wliilo oil tho otlior hand in Great Britain as population increases homo grown incut must bocoino scarcer, from tho tact that tho agricultural districts aro slowly but surely being invaded, and taken possession of by tho irresistible army sent forth by com merce. It was stated at tho meeting that a complete apparatus for 'cooking and preserv ing 3,500 lbs. per diem could bo put up for £500, estimating 30 lbs. of meat for sucop aud 25 lbs. tallow. Tho English raarkot would readily purchase all that could bo furnished at Gd. per lb., and tho cost includ ing freight would bo 3d. por lb. Ou tho 31st December last in New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and Quconsland thoro were 40,0j0,000 sheep aud lambs. Tho Chairman explained that in referring to the different systems of meat preserving, lie did not oxpross himself in favour of ono more than another. Ho thought that if a Company wore formed tho board of Directors should have a wido latitude in making experiments as to the best methods to pursue. It was proposed thnt a Company he formed under the Limited Lia bility Act, with n capital of £10,000 of £5 shares each ; but it was afterwards carried that tho capital he £50,000, in 10,000 shares of £5. A Committeo was then appointed, a subscription list opened, and nearly 1000 shares directly taken. This is ono more .step in tho right direction, nnd if tlio Company be carried forward with energy, and at the same tiino with judgment, there can be no doubt whatever of its success. With a largo capital at command, so that every necessary experi ment caii be made ; with an inexhaustible supply of meat, and n market which will take i all that can bo exported ; with the sympathies of Great Britain warmly iu our favour, ana tlio keen" desire licro of finding a lucrative, employment for land and capital ; with science ready to assist, what impediment is thoro in the way to a success, which, when achieved, will coufor incstimablo benefits on Great Britain and. on Queensland. Wo hope that the example set will.be rapidly followed, nnd that Northern Queensland will not be so supine and dead to its interests as to remain merely a spectator. It is full timo that wo began to turn our attention more towards developing tho boundless resources of our country. Up | to the present timo wo have been contented ! to export our wool aud gold, without extend- ing our speculations further a-field. How much soever wo may rely upon our fleeces and our minerals, wo must romombor that thoy alone will not olovate Northern Queens land into the first rank. If we look around us we shall find chat in tho other colonios, and in tho districts immediately surrounding us, now industries nro being , continually oponod up, aud earnest men are turning thoir- attention towards tho growth of tropical pro ductions, boiling down, and moat preserving. Minerals may bo a very good stick but.they will by no means servo as a crutch, and un less wo in tho North bestir ourselves, and awakon from a lothurgy which appears to us unaccountable, wo shall very quickly find our selves hanging astern, and playing but a poor part iu tho grand onward struggle. If pre serving nnd exporting moat will pny tho Southern colonies, so it will as surely pay us, for we havo precisely tho same resources, even perhaps lnrgor, on account of tho im- menso nroa of country upon which wo havo to work. Wc cannot see why tho gontlomen engaged in pastoral aud commercial pursuits cannot meet and form at once a Company to carry out a trade whicti promises such excel lent rosults. Although wo aro at present 'somewhat paralysed by tho rosults of mal administration, and although a waut of con fidence in tlio futuro actions of our 'Govern ment unitedly produco a numbing offeeb upon thoso speculative toiidoncies which exist iu tho composition of nil Englislimon, still to remain much longer in our present stato of torpor, without making nil olfort to fight our own ways out of tho slough, would show but a poor spirit, aud ono totally unworthy of the race from which wo Bpring. Wo havo an enormous stock-in-trade which could ho mul tiplied to auy extent, nnd wo have a market for all wo can produco, therefore tho two groat elements of prosperity are at command ; the third alone is wanting, energy to second nature and to supply demand. But this energy docs not exist or is asleep, and un less tlio sharp spurs of necessity goad us on wo shall bo outstripped in tlio raco by every ono of our neighbours. Our land, our cattle, and our sbcop aro facts — oiir gold we cannot yet quite realise as oho. Tlio formor throe will exist for over, each duly as it passes add ing to thoir value, but the latter ono may be exhausted — a fow years nnd our gold-fields may bo barren wastes, while our hills and vaileys will bo teeming with stock, and evory acre will bo brought by the unitod efforts of skill, science, and industry, to add its quota to the general returns. Therefore wliilo wo must make ovory effort to dovolope tlio resources of our gold-holds, while wo must endeavour to iuduce a fixed population on thorn by affording the diggers assistance, by furnishing them with mnchinory, and what is not -impossible, a regulated and sufficient supply of water — we at the same time should bo mad to forget our thousands of square miles of laud, our flocks and our herds, our squat ters and agriculturists, and woi'bo than mad men to allow our immense capabilities and resources to remain buried nnd unsought, thus to shut out suceoss when it woos us at our very doors. Gbiewn's Wipe. — Further partieulnrs lmvo cotno to light with rolbrunce to the prisoner John Thomas Q nllin, Into Gold-Commissioner of Clermont, which tend to prove that t he fellow, if ho is nothing ivorso, is a ro.d-blondcd unprincipled scoundrol. It is a notorious fact that he wus on tlio ovo of umrringo whon his arrest for murder took plnco. To this latter cir cumstance tlio lady ho wn9 about to saoriflco owes her Balvation. It scemod liko a direct interposition of Providonco on her behalf;— at tho last momont she. was roseued from the brink of tlio nbyss of sorrow into wliiuh bIio wus plunging. Euinor, and moro than rumor, had long pointed out Gridiu to bo a married man, a fact lio repudiatpd with well-dissembled scorn, .and was bolioved, despito tho general suspicion witlr which Ids statements were regarded savo, strango to say, by thoso most interested in his truth ; for, wo nro in a position to stuto, that at tho timo of Grillin's projeeted hmrriago in Eoekhampton, ho was already a married man, and thnt his wife was then alive and lind beon in receipt from him of tho sum of £100 per annum, as hush money. It appears thnt about eleven years sinco Griffin and his wife, tho latter thou a widow, jvcro passengers in tho same sltip to Mclbourno from Eufopc, and that when ho dis covered slio hud a few hundred pounds ho resolved to improve his poiinyless condition by espousing his follow-pnssongur, which ho succeeded in doing ; but "their conjugal felicity was of short duration, and thoy soparatcd, liis wife giving him half tho money sho possessed. With this tho scoundrel reached Sydnoy, und liianngod that roports of his doalh should roacli her ; after which ho made tracks north, as lio thought in all tho indcpondenco of singlo-hlessednoss. To hi) success lie owes It's full-; his unaccountnblo and ex traordinary riBO from a constablo to a commissioner — about wliiuh thoro are some amusing on dits— led to his discovory, and tho Gazelle which heraldod liis appoint ment, first made tile disconsolate widow awaro of tho im position tliathadbccn practised on her; andaccountsfor GrilUn's suddon visit on sick loavo to Melboiirno souiu Ihrco years Since, when lio agreod through Mr. E a local solicitor, to ullow liis wife out of his salary as commission £25 | per quuvtor, which payment was rogulurly kept up until within six montiis of tho time fixed upon for tlio consummation of his second matri monial oiigagomeiit, when they coused, and Mrs. Grillln was about taking steps in tho inattar when noivs of her husband's arrest for murder stopped further proceedings,— and so far onds this strango und mast oventful history. An Aboriginal Rescued from the Police. — A daring rescue from the police took place on Wednes day afternoon, by a mob of blacks, who had assembled for the purpose on the ranges between Morinish and Rosewood, well knowing that the object of their attack (a constable) would pass them there on his way with the prisoner to Morinish. It appears that a short time since a Mr. Conahan, a storekeeper at Rosewood, was robbed of nine £1 notes, and a few days after a blackfellow named Jemmy alias Tommy, an ex-trooper of the black police, went into Mr Conahan's store to purchase a tomahawk, and which he paid for with one of the missing £1 notes, upon this he was detained, and Constable Killeen, from the Morinish, sent for, who, on his arrival took him into custody. The re port of Jemmy's arrest son [sic] got rife in the camp of the blaoks, where there were large numbers, and a general commotion was observed amongst them. Several of the residents at Rosewood informed Killeen that the blacks intended to rescue the prisoner; so advised him to look out. The constable naturally enough solicited company, as he was by himself, as it was no joke to tackle 20 or 30 of those determined savages ; but "fear was evidently in their hearts," for not one could be prevailed on to accompany the con stable as an escort. Killeen then determined to start by himself. A rope was fastened round the black- fellow's neck; the end held by the policeman armed and on horseback, who, as there was no police station at Rosewood, was compelled to bring his prisoner on to the Morinish lock-up, preparatory to forwarding him to Rockhampton. However, when the pair were about half way the track lay between a sort of mountain pass, and was partially blocked up with rocks and scrub, when like the scene in Rhoderic Dhu, a crowd of dusky forms seemed to spring out of the ground on either side of the astonished constable, who was assailed with cries of "Bail you take him black- fellow," accompanied by a shower of spears, nullu- nullas and boomerangs, and a rush to liberate the prisoner, who was into the scrub handcuffs and all, in a moment, and an attempt, made to drag the constable from his horse, who found great difficulty in beating off his assailants, some of whom kept dodging under his horse's belly, and thus evading the muzzle of his re- volver, the free use of which at last induced the yell ing devils to retire with their rescued brother. The constable received some smart raps during the en counter, and was speared through the shirt, the spear grazing the flesh on his side. The attack though most determined, was fortunately bloodless, but we give the darkies full credit for their kind intentions. The withdrawal of the Native Police from the district is likely to be attended with considerable annoyance to the Rosewood miners, for the blacks will get em- boldened by success, and treat us to a few specimens of the " black art." Upon the news of the rescue reaching town, Mr. Sub-Inspector Elliott immediately dispatched three mounted troopers and one black tracker with warrants for the apprehension of the escaped prisoner, and for some of the black Fenians who can be identified as having attacked the con- stable. Ladies Benevolent Society. — Tho mooting of subsaribors of tlio Society, for tho oleotion of tho oonnnittoo for tho onsuing year, took placo oil Wed nesday afternoon, nt tho School of Arts,. Tho meeting was vory thinly nttondoil, thoro being prosout only tlio ofllco- boarors and two or tlirco of tlio committee, in cluding tlio Eovs, A. 0. Smith and 0. Mnrloy. Abo lady prosidont took tho ohair. Tlio Eov, A. O. Smith briolly addressed tho mooting, and romnrkod tlio no- cossity which ho thought oxiBtod for tho oommittoo to bo clootod at tho samo timo n9 tlio annual mooting of tho Society in August, wlion tlio report of tho Soeioty was rccoivod. lie hnd thoroforo much pleasure in moving tho following resolution i — " That in tho opinion of this mooting, it was oxpodiout that tlio mooting of subsoribors l'or tho olootion of committoo, which was to havo boon bold to- day, bo horoaftor hold on tho second Wednesday in August -annually. Tho resolution was socondcd by tho Eov. O. Murloy aud unanimously adopted.. It was tlioii moved by the Eov. O. Murloy, and seconded by the Eov. A O. Smith, " that tlio prosont committeo retain offico until the noxt annual mooting of tlio Sooiety in August noxt. wliioh was carried. The lady prcBidont Buggostod, that in tho interim, thoso ladies of tho couunitleo who did not wish to retain ollloo should, at their earliest oonvonionco, lot the Secretary Mrs. Hoadriok know. Thoro boing no furtlior business before the mooting, tho eaiiio waB adjouriiod until tho uocond Wednesday in August. ' Caution to Seiivants. — At tho Police Court on Thursday morning, William Jagor summonod Thomas Bolinn, his liired servant, for disobedience of orders.' It appeared from tho ovidonco of Mr. Jagor thut Bolian was hired aB a goncrully useful man, to work at his slaughter yards, for whioli ho received tho sum of 35s. por wcok, inoluding rations. On Wednes day morning, Mr. Jagcr's ovorseor ordorod tlio dofon- dant to take tho cart with the meat into town, but lio rerusod to do so. Mr. Jiigor thon askod him, but ho still persisted iu his refusal. Mr. Jagor said that ho bad boon obliged to disohargo liis carter at a fow hours' notico through incompetency, and thoroforo was compelled to ask tho defendant to bring tho moat into town, in order to supply his customers. Bolian had boon in with tho cart tho day previously, wlion ho had two horses, but on tlio day of his refusal Mr. Jagor had given him only ono, und a light load. It was not out of any personal fooling that ho wanted dofondant punished, only if all his men wore to do tho same ho iniglir as woll shut up his establishment. Tlio defen dant did not wish to bo exaniinod ; ho only statod to tho Bench thnt driving tho oart was nothing to do with him— Hint Mr. Jngor oniy engaged him ns mutton butcher, liis Worship fined Bolian £5, or ono month's imprisonmont with hard labour. Mr. Dick, for Mr. Jagor, said ho did not wish to picss for costs. Quartz CuusniNO. — Tlio Western Prospoot Eoof nt tho Morinish, bids fair to turn out n plum to tboso wlto nro fortunate onough to liavo shares in it, for wo find that notwithstanding tho very doi'cotivo construc tion of tho oruslior now operating upon tho stone, that a yiold has boon obUinod of upwards of ono ounco and a half to tho ton — somo forty tons of quartz having turned out sixty-throo ouncoa of gold. This is a vary low nTorngo for stono which yielded at tho assay ollloo upwards of fire ounces to tlio ton, and only shows plainly that tho discrepancy botwoon tlio two amounts arises not from any auriferous dofloiency in tlio stono,' but from tho absonco of oilloiont maohiuery, ana goes fur to provo thut capital would bo vory profitably iuvostod in developing tlio wealth with which tho Morinish rcofs abound. Ono of tlio prin cipal, if not the principal, causo of tlio stagnation of iiiiningmattorsontho Morinish and ltidglnncls is to bo at tributed to the dry roason, most of tlio puddling machinos, together with tlio crusher, boing almost at a standstill for want of wator. Should tho drought continue, somo moans will havo to bo. adopted to proviilo a supply, . and wo may yet livo to sco our proposition of bringing tho Fitzroy into tlio diggings rcalisod. In Victoria, and all over tho New South Wules guld-fiolds, wator is conducted ton to fifty miles, sometimes further, aud ovor far more difficult ground than ours, and wo cannot boo why tho Fitzroy should not play- its part in tho miuos. Gold. — Tho quantity of gold takon from Ballarat u i to tlio end of 1866, amounted to 31,731,341 ozs., worth £126,925,376. Our Ferries. — Wo aro pleased to sco that tho Corporation has so instantly rocognisod tho justice of our remarks upon tho necessity of repairing tlio ap proaches on tho north side of tho Upper Fer y, wliioh uudor tho skilful superintendence of Mr. Burslull vory quickly assuinod un appcaranco of safety and con venience. Our Corporation aro ulways roaily to liston to suggestions, and to act upon them if thoy consider them judicious, nnd if thoy do not involvo the neces sity of cxcussivo outlay. This faot hns boon broadly oxumplifiod in so largo a number of instances, tint wo fcol less hesitation in again calling tho attontion of the Mayor to tlio stnto of the approaches this side of tho ferry. Wo pointed out tho other day that thoro woro no cut pntliways to oitlicr of thorn, and that it wus oxcooilingly dangorous for any porsons, ospoeia'.ly women and children, to vcnulro to and from tho rivor nfter "daylight. Wo thoroforo hope that wo shall soon sco a man or two with pick and spado in hand, doing that wliiuh will really aud a great deal to tho convo- uionco of the public. Agriculture, 4:0.— Tho Economist says no trans actions in brcadstuil's of any moment can bo roportod. Flour appoars to bo rather lioavy on hand, wliioh wob to bo expected, us tho suddon riso was on tho. sido of tho lioldors, who oto now willing to oporato at reduced ratos. Victorian flour, £16 59. to £17 ; wheat, 6s. 6d. to 7s. From somo of tho doomed districts, much of tho wheat is only fit for fowls, and paddocks which last year yiolding twenty-five bushels per acre,, this yoar return but two; from other placos on avorago yield will bo liarvostod : inaizo, 4s. to 4s. Id. ; oats aro scarco and dull, nono in tlio markot, and but fow onquirios. Tho Melbourne Argus saysi — "Iu several ports of Now South Wales tho drought still continues, and is beginning to be seriously felt, especially as bush-fires aro raging in all directions and supplies of wator aro failing. A fair quantity of wheat appears to havo boon gathered in most of tho agri cultural districts, ' but tlio inaizo crop will bo scanty. Pleuro pneumonia is spreading to rntlior an alarming oxtont amongst tho oattlo in tho northorn parts of tho oolony and in Quoonsland, and tho diseaso is mora fatal than it hns been for somo yenrs post. Inocula tion is proving to bo such an effectual safeguard, thnt it is becoming tho practice throughout Alio infeoted tract of country lo inoculate ovory calf ns it is branded, oven whon it is nut thought advisable lo go to tho troublo of operating on the old cnttlo." I'lio News qf the Week, Gcclong, says thut tiio roports of tho crops aro still unfavorable, those on tho low flat lunds of tlio Moorabool aro n failure, wliilo at a placo called Lethbralge tho farmers will not got ouough for homo consumption. Now potatoos aro brought in froaly with a good demand, tlio crop iB very fsir. Tho local prices aro — flour, £16 10s. ; wheat, Cs. to 6s. 6d. ; oats, 4s. ; inaizo, 4s. 3d. ; potatoes (now), £4 5s. to £5 Adelaide roports tho corn market tinner, whoat in re quest at 7s. 6d. ; flour, £17 to £18 por ton. Mcotings ot farmers nro becoming very general for tlio purpose of obtaining reliof from Government, and obtaining a remission of rent. '.Tho oxpootations of largo wheat orops in Amorica havo boon fully rcalisod. _ Tlio por contaga of inoroaso is vory large, , averaging in tho various distriots from 40 to 130 por coiit, the only falling off boing in Kansas imd Toxas, whero tho orops last yoar woro unusually hoavy. The prospoots of a largo yiold of Indian corn continuo to improvo, for al though 6omo of tho States make low estimates, othors, especially Georgia, report a markod iniprororaont over last season's oropB. Oats and barloy aro botli in ox- coss of tho avorago, but potatoos in many instances are much diseased and proiniso but poorly. Hohedubh Eaoes. — ThoNowIIomobush Eaoes havo beon a great succoss ; - both - handicaps says tlio Herald, attracted a largo company, and tho Corinthian Cup wns a novelty, which eould not help being popular. On Wodnosday just as tho pooplo assomblod, somo careless fellow set tho grass on fire, and a pretty scono of oonfusion fol lowed. Tho fire spread with fearful rapidity, and its progress was not arrested for noarly ail hour. Fortu- natoly no liarm was dono, and no great dolay was occa sioned, for (ho great boll was rung vory shortly aftor tjio appointed timo. Tho Frinoo Alfred stake, the first on tho card, brought lour out of five nomiuations to tlio post. Wliynot, (g.g.) was tho l'avorito, and al though Hnrdl'imos made grout running, and took tho jen 1, Fred. Mortimer, who rodo tho groy, cliullougcd : within tho distanoo, and won o vory gnmoly rnn race olovorly by a length nnd u half. Tiinu, 2inin. oblseos. AMting oven oil Why not ; 5 to 4 on Mar.1 'l'imcs. Alio second viioo, tlio Fly lug Handicap, for all horBos, was oontust.ed by sit nags. Thoro woro two falso starts, and ICoun wus fined so. f0I. disobeying tlio orders of tlio starter. When thoy got va.y Euiiisworth, tlio favorite, had tlio best of tlio start, aua mmiuund to bold bis own. Albany inudo determined oflbrU,_ but fuilod to catch the chosiiut, who sailod along with tho raco tycll in hand. Blondin aamo with a rush insido tho distaiioa. and finishing homo gamely boat Albany for second phioo. Distanoo J ot a milo ; timo, lnnii. 20i«ucs. ; Lotting five to four on KuiiiBWorili. For tlio Now Years Handicap four only sported tho silk. Euiiis worth directly took tlio load, and led down tho hill up to the straight, with Freniior and Albany well up, So tho rnco was run to the finish, tlio favorito winuing With tho greatest case. Holmos, who uursod Froraior alt the way, tnado a groat offer ton tho straight, but his nag was'nt good onough. Distanoo 2 milos ; timo Sin. 52jsocs. Savon out of nino waighod out for tlio Cor inthian Cup, woltor woiglits, nou-profossioual ridors ; betting 7 to 4 on tlio field. Tho Maid, Comet, and Voluutcor, most fanoiod. On tho fall of- tho flag Des patch wont to tlio front, tlio Maid second, Volunteer and Comot following. Arriving ut tho top of tlio hill the- Maid took tho load, and Dospatoli loll behind ; Vohmteor looked dangerous coming down tho hill, but could not reach tbn Maid, who ran home a winnor, Comet second, Voluutcor a good third, In pulling up Dr. Koborts, the ridor of Lliu Maid, mot with a serious aocidont, Ids stirrup snappod nt tho oyo and lio foil heavily to tlio ground ; he was sovoroly bruisod, but nothing wus brokon. Timo 2min. 46soes. Eleven nags ciuuo up to tlio scratch for tho lloltor Skoltor. Mr. Slopor emtio along nil tho way, determined to niako tho most of a good got away. T'lioy oame down tlio hill a docker, without muoli tailing off, and within distunoe Ada mado a splendid ciforl, but Slopor oout lior nt last by a short half laiigl.lt. Vulcan a good third. Cuioeet. — Tho grand intercolonial cricket match botwocn Victoria and Now South Wulos, wus oom- moucod on tho Mclbourno Oriokot Ground on tho 2nd -in itnnt. ' Tho Now South Wales men won tho toss, aud sont tho Victorians to the wiokots. On tho first day tlio woutlior was delightfully' fino, tho build of tlio 14th Kogimont enlivened tlio procoodings, and every thing passed oil' with tlio utmost eclat. Tlio Holding of tho Sydnoy mon was oxcollont, but their bowling, though tolorably straight, had but littlo dovil in it, aud tho ground boing iu splondid order, tho bats had tho bust of it, and played tho Sydnoy bowling liko " shelling pons." On Friday tho game wns resumed by tho Victorians, tlio weather Was vory sultry, aud soon after noon a storm burst fort li with tromondous fury, und tho volumes of dust woro so grout that tlio erickotors woro compelled to drop ou tho ground to oscapo tlio ofi'ects. 'Trees woro uprooted, branches brokon off, tho pay box at tlio northorn gate wns swept away with tlio man, inonoy, nnd tiokots, and in i lio scramblo to socure tlio oasli, tho money-taker lost his hut, and was compelled at last to boat a retreat- - minus — a groat number of tickuts nnd somo of tlio silvur. . Tlio match wus compelled to bo udjournod lo tho following day. At six o'clock, should tho match ho unfinished, tlio stumps to bo withdrawn, and tho game resumed on Monday. The Victorians woro winners by 7 wickots, nnd. tlio e'ups and bntaworu p -e-' scuted to tho highest soorors. Warded, ono of tho Victorian team, roLirod from his wiokots in tho first innings with tlio astonishing ecoro of 110, nnd in the second he curriod out hi9 bat for 45 runs, his Inst hit winning tlio match ; hail ho boon allowed to continue ou it is probable ho would havo beaten his first scoro. Sir Gko'uok Bowkn.— Wo notico tho' arrival of his Excollonoy at Potty's llotol, Churohill, Sydnoy, whore apartments havo boon propurod for him nnd family. 'A ho hospitality or Govornmont IIoubo would no doubt have beon extended to him, hnd not tho arrival from Eiigliind of Sir Joliu Young's successor, tho Enrl of Belinore, and tho arrival of Sir Goorgo from tho North, boon almost simultaneous. . 1'olioe. — On W cdnosday Thomas Williams was brought beforo tho Bench upon the charge of Blenling two shirts from, Mr. Mulligan's store. Wo gavo tlio full particulars in our lust issuo of tlio man's attempt \- to oscapo, his capture and resistance, liis Worship soiitoneod him to roiuniti in prison for two months for tlio robhory, and ono month for resisting tlio polico.— On Thursday a man and his wil'o woro brought beforo tlio Bench for being drunk and disorderly. Tho pri soners woro both well known oharactors, and wore much moro famous for boing t'nfumous in tlioir gcnoral conduct, thnu quiet uml reputable people. They woro, howovor, discharged this timo bccuuso thoy had boon - locked up on Wednesday morning. Wo havo no de- oil o whatever to find fault with liis Worship for boing loniont, and wo think lio oxoroisos a vory wiso discro" tion iu dismissing thoso who aro brought up on clinrgos of drunkoniicss whon they aro young hands ; but in oases where old and irrecluimablq offoudors aro brou"lit boforo liim, would it not bo ndvisablo to net with a littlo moro severity P There are persons upon whom lenioiioy and kindness aro quito thrown away, and whose uiiiuial propensities mingling with thoso of a dobased humanity, romlor theui ineapablo of boing sonsiblo to anything but imprisonmont and tlio lash. A Ukqinning. — Wo aro glad to sec that our polico have commenced to do wlint thoy can towards arrest ing tlio spread of an ovil wliioh hosasBumod such groat and glaring proportions latoly. Kate llorbort, a well- . known 113 mph of tho pave, was charged on Wodnosday with disorderly conduct and with making uso of ob- scono languiigo (in which art bIio is a dabstor), in tlio public Btroots. His "Worship Knod tho unfortunate girl 20s. for tlio first oflbnoo or 24 hours imprisonment, aud for tho second GOs. or 0110 mouth. Puhlio Baths.— Wo regrot to see that Mr. Grant has adjourno'd his notice of motion rolutivo to tho for mation of public baths, us we woro strongly in hopos that nn expression of opinion at least would havo boon drawn from tlio Corporation. The Black Thief.— Charles Eoynolds, tho man of color, who was charged with stealing a pipo from tlio rosidonce of Mr. G. Blalcher, was again brought beforo tlio Boncli on Thursday. Prisonor doulincd to say any thing, and tlio Uonoh found him guilty, deferring liis sentence until tho hearing of otlior charges whioli woro about to bo brouglit against hiui. "The polico, who liavo shown considerable activity in finding out various potty robbories committed by tlio "blnck thief," brought sovoral easos right homo to him. In each caso tlio Bench sentencing him to four months and hard la-jor, so that the night prowler will now have tlio pleasure of working all day for 0110 year to come, and in all pro bability of passing tho hours of darkno9s in a moro legitimate manner than of lato. Decidedly Curious. — Tho Maryborough Chronicle says that for somo timo past a valuable mare had been allowod to food iu a paddock of prairio grass, but on tho morning of a Saturday sho was put into a stablo, apparently in good hcalfh. In tlio aftornoon she rushed out of tho stablo with her ontrails hanging from lier but after Bhe had gallopod throe hundred yards sho fell dead. _ Her bolly had completely burst, and with the exception of tlio heart, liver, and lights, tho wholo of tho insido had dropped out. As the prairio grass had gone to sood, it is presuniod that tho muro hud oaten largely of tho lattor, which swelling in lior in side caused lier death. This is not a solitary instsnco of tho bowels bursting from ovor indulgence in feeding- wo reoolloot scoing a cow in England some years ago' in the same condition ; she hnd broken into a field of young elovor, and fed until she burst. Tlio quantity a cow will devour is astonishing. Mr. 'Thomas Rhodes, tho largest cowkcopor in London, laid n wager that a largo short nornod Yorkshire animal bolonginc to him, would oat lior own woiglit of food in twonty four hours i the animal comploted lior task in loss than twenty-two. Tho food given to hor was varied, if wo romombor rightly, turnips, wurzol, grains, and corn, wcro altornutoly placed boforo her, and disposed ot with amazing colority. Intercolonial Rifle Matches. — Bell's Life in Sydney says . — " Tlieao matches resulted us an iminonso triumph for Now South Wafts; tho in dividual scores of tho moil of tho coluny have liovor boon beaten, if equalled, for tho lowest sooror lias far ovor-toppod what in the early days of the niatoh used to bo the leading numbors." Tlio shiold is now tlio property of Now South Wafts, and good reason sho has to be proud of it. Tho victory wa9 not an cosy one, for tho VietorianB scored a grontor numbor of points than lind ovor boon made in any of tbo previous matolios by oitlior of tlio colonics. T'lio trial lias boon a fair tost of capabilities, evory variety of range, a fair number of shots at euoh range, and ovory possible change of wind, wore tho features of tho matoh and as Major Hall caudidly aud handsomolv acknowledged tlio best men won. Eaynor, (N.S.W.), mado tho highost score 254, tho lowest 011 tlio sauio Bide being Brownlow 231. Ol tlio Viotorinng Faweott was tbo oliampion with 246 and Lacy wiih 227 was at tho tail. 'Tlio total scores woro Now South Walos 2412. Victoria 2375. Wo cannot quite ugrco with Boll as to tho immensity of tho triumph ; it was a triumph cortainly, but tho Victoria mon ran their oppononts very hard, .and tlio shooting 011 tlio sido of tlio conquered was within a fraction as good as that of tho conquerors. Asking too Much. — Tlio inhabitants of Cleveland Bay some timo sinco petitioned ,tho A.S.N. Company that tlio Tinonec might run to thoir port, 'llio Secretary lias ropliod that it behoves tlio Company, ospcoinlly aftor tlioir Iosh of £2000 in ondnavouriii'< to open up tlio river Manning trnift, to ho fully ml 1-.I10.I that there would bo sufficient oiiuouragumoal to enter upon tho lino dosirod. IIo furtlior adds, that so soon as it was mado apparent to t'no Company that it would bo profitable to send tho Tinonec lo Cleveland Buy, it would bo done. Wo regrot that the potition should linv. failed, more ospoeinlly nftor so much hns boon said ntm written about the trado wliioh it was nssortod wu« only waiting for tho noeesBury op portunities to dovolope St,0Oif. Tho Oftvolnndors ua.ii hardly oxiioot that tho Company will run tliQ,.,7J'"- - ut 11 loss for a period 011 purpose to oroa'tFrjr which, no doubt, if proper onorgy bo cinployjl in timo bo on oxtonsivo and vnluablo ono. ' Something Up — 'The following for which th0 Melbourne Age is responsible boats tlio child I'ickivicl: who swallowod tho nocklnco boed which whcncvor ho inovod rattlod_ in liis stomach to 1)10 extreme discomforturo of liis parents. 'Tlio journal roforrod to soys : — " A vorv strango occurrence, ns a local journul roports, took place at Cockatoo nhnut tlirao weeks ago, and which desoryos 001110 notico. 'ih0 wifo of a rcspootablo rosidont ut Hint plaoo had beon for somo tiiuo in a weak stnto of health, and, on obtaining inodical advice, was protiouncad to bo enceinte; but buoIi, it appears, wub not l.lio case, a tho inudicnl man must evidently havo bcou dccoivcf by some similar symptom, as tlio ovont shows. At tho timo ubovo-uioutionad, she ovor-Blrainud herself by lifting some heavy buokotn of water from a cart, nnd feeling Bick, wont to a neighbours, wharo site retched and brought up from lior stomnoli, with groat difficulty,' a living creature, ubout nino inches in length, of a white colour, nnd doscrihod ns being half as thick as lier u-riBt, having no joints liko u worm, hut very active so much so, that when touched it throw up its tail like scorpion, wkilo tho mouth wus moro like tlint of 11 lizard's. Several Of I.I10 loiglibours saw tlio roptilo, and can vouch for tho accuracy of tlio state ment, and regret is oxpresscd that it was buried instoud of being sont to ono of tho medical mon for preservation. Tho poor woman boliovqs that another ' of tlio samo Bpceios is still in lior stomach, lrom tlio' inovomonts which are felt and tlio griping pain sho experiences, and probnbly hnd tlio crcnturo beta proporly oxamined by n scientific inan, moans migh t have boon devised for the eradication of otliors of tlio sort. Ono gentleman (a doctor) on hearing of tbo affair, said that sueh cases ware not without precedent, although rare, thut soicuco wns at fault as to tlio proper moans to bo used in thorn," Hot Winds. — We cling to our habits, irrospoctivo of climate, all over tbo globo, mid are (lie slowest pooplo in tho world at adopting those usages whicji sro observed by oilier _ uations in counteracting climatic inlluoncos. Notwithstanding tho proviiftneo of hot winds in the colony, 110 effort lias crcr been made to mitigate thuir effects, and wo soom to scout all Indian uppliuucus as unworthy tho manhood of a Briton, and go 011 sweltering and enduring n martyrdom, for which 0110 would iinugino there was no remedy. For instance, wo think Hint punkali9 could bo worked with out inucli difficulty in jiiobI houses, by the si 111 pin me chanism of a wooden olook, with weights of eulliciout power ;-aud hot winds nugniivod by tho follow ing advice to a stranger pi India by Dr. M'C'aJi, whoje recipe appears in tbo S..U. Herald. " When tsio ' wind begins, a window frame is removed from tho viintlvin.nl sido of the home, and a frame holding a shoot of fibrous matting is titled into its ph,cc. Tlio . matting in kopt constantly wet by water dnshed agsio.t / it from tho outside. Another window or door ir, ; tho opposite, tlio leeward side of the house, is then opened, and all other apertures being closed, n draught ; of cool air is produced, which litis every apartment— i tho wind by passing through tho saturated matting ' boing changed from hot to cold." Nothing can ho ; moro simple, loss troublosomo or efficacious, but who'll >' try it P J'lio most attention it will meet with will pro- : bnbly be, what a rum dodgo ; not a bad idea," nnd ' there it- will ond. ) 