COUNTRY NEWS. A DISEASE has broken out amongst the pigs in the neighbourhood of Yass, and large numbers have died. AT Ballarat East, a few days past, a fine boy of twelve years old, named Thomas M'Laughlin, son of Mr. M'Laughlin, underground manager of the Llanberris Quartz Mining Company, while returning from school past one of the waterholes near Barkly street, went in to bathe, and got out of his depth. When it became known round about, two men ran to assist him, and put forth every exertion in their power to save him by diving. The hole was too deep, however, and the poor boy, in spite of every effort, was drowned. A PATIENT in the Maryborough Hospital was lately found drowned in a bath used at the institution, having, it is stated, fallen down in a fit. THE lad Soloman, who a few days ago took nitrate of silver in mistake for medicine, is reported to have died in the Ballarat Hospital. DURING a recent thunderstorm, a dead tree near the Everton tollgate was seen to be struck by lightning, and was immediately in a blaze. Some of the lighted branches falling, set fire to the grass, and a bushfire seemed imminent when a slight shower extinguished it. THE man Flannigan, charged with the murder of Sergeant Hull, continues in good health and spirits. He looks forward to his trial with considerable confidence, alleging that Hull's death was a result of accident. THE unfortunate woman, Mary Lane, who was so dreadfully injured by falling into the fire while in an epileptic fit, at Yambuk, expired at the Union Inn, Belfast, after a week of terrible suffering. AT an inquest held on the body of Thomas Doyle, who died in the Hamilton Hospital of wounds received at Penshurst, the accused man —Harry Hobbs—was committed for trial on a charge of manslaughter. A SHOEMAKER named Horley, residing at Harrow, has been committed for trial on a charge of perjury, alleged to have been committed in giving evidence some time ago on an inquiry held upon the conduct of the Harrow police. IT is stated by a country contemporary that it has been intimated to those members of the police force who act as clerks of petty sessions that their salaries will be lowered from £50 to £20 when the general reductions announced come in force. THE close season for game terminated on Sunday last. A CORRESPONDENT writes to the Ballarat Post, on the subject of sparrows, as follows:—" I have just come from a garden at Mount Rowan, and enclose you some of the cherry-stones I took from the trees there. They are cleaned of flesh by birds—not sparrows, mark, for there are none out at the place. Some trees have lost an eighth of fruit. I never saw a sparrow eat fruit; nor have I ever seen a sparrow in the garden of Mr. Johnson, who recently complained of the destruction caused by them, though I have frequently examined it to find them." A PROPOSAL has been issued at Pleasant Creek for the formation of a waterworks and tramway company. The capital is to be £60,000, in 600 shares of £10 each. THE order of value of the several country districts has been thus determined :-Melbourne, Ballarat, Geelong, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Maryborough, Ararat, and Beechworth. The last appointed County Court judge, Mr. Hackett, of Geelong, will be accordingly removed to Beechworth ; Judge Cope to Ararat, Judge Clark to Maryborough, Judge Macoboy to Castlemaine, and Judge Forbes to Geelong. These changes could not be determined until the position of Geelong on the list had been ascertained. A LITTLE before twelve o'clock on Saturday night a fire broke out on the premises of the Evening Post office, Mair street, Ballarat. The whole office, excepting the steam-press, the boiler, and the jobbing rooms, was destroyed. The Courier was printed there, and a large quantity of paper belonging to that journal was destroyed. THE following contracts were let on Monday by tbe Board of Land and Works:—Works at Warrnambool Jetty, J. R.Evans, £2,473 3s. 1d.; works for harbour improvements, Belfast, J. Gibson, £1,859 ; sundry works Custom House, Geelong, Hollyoak, and Hunter, £246 5s.; repairs to telegraph line, Geelong, A. Kelly, £470 15s.; erection of sheds and other works at Beechworth Gaol, J. Stevens, £220 4s. 4d. A BOILING-DOWN establishment, on a large scale, is now being built at the Little River by Messrs. Guthrie, Bullock, and Co., on Mr. Moffatt's ground. AN inquest was held at Lockwood, on Saturday, on tbe body of Elizabeth Richardson, who was accidentally drowned in a creek. Deceased had been sent to fetcb some water, and the bank of the creek being very stgep, must have fallen in. HENRY SHUBING, a blacksmith, forty years of age, died on Friday night, at Lockwood, from the effects of intemperance. Deceased was a bard drinker, and during the last few years had met with several accidents, caused through his intemperate habits. A MEETING of the Geelong Regatta Committee was held in Geelong on Monday evening, when it was decided to hold a regatta in January. A POST-OFFICE has been conferred on the new rush at Spring Creek. The postmaster is Mr. Corbett, late of Coy's diggings, from which the post-office has lately been taken away. As Mr. Hammond. J.P., of Tarnagulla, was recently driving in a buggy from Avoca to Tarnagulla, the horse became excited, and plunging and kicking, upset the vehicle. Mr. Hammond was thrown out,W and sustained a fracture of leg above the ankle. A CHARGE was lately brought against two of the mounted police in Portland district of kangaroo-hunting on Sunday, with horses the property of the Government. The charge was not proved, and the tables have been turned by the committal of the two informers for trial on a charge of perjury. MR. YATES, the sheriff of the Belfast district, has received notice that his services will not be required after the present year, as the dnties hitherto performed by him will be undertakenby Mr. R. Rede, the sheriff at Geelong. The Hamilton Spectator is very indignant at this change, and remarks:—" There is a limit to all things; and while we may quietly regard the knocking-off of a police officer, the superannuation of a police magistrate, and the withdrawal of most of the useful institutions, we can hardly be expected to receive with good temper the wholesale slaughter of civil servants." TUESDAY night's Gazette notifies the division of the Keilor road district into three separate electoral subdivisions, named Maribyrnong Tullamarine, and Doutta Galla, the boundaries of which are defined. THE fruit-growers in the Learmonth district are beginning to _ cover that all their time, trouble, and expense expended, will prov almost profitless, in consequence of a superabundance of yield. NEW rules have been framed for the control of official mining agents, by which creditors of public companies placed in the hands of such agents for winding-up shall be protected against the defalcations misconduct, or mis-appropriation of moneys by those officials. THE following agricultural lands are declared open for leasing in Tuesday night's Gazette :—At the Land Office, Melbourne, on and after the 22nd December, allotments in the parish of Brim-brim, area of Hentyhurst, county Dundas, and in the parish of Gritjurk, area of Bealanbarry, county Dundas. At the Land Office, Ballarat, on an after the 29th instant, allotment in the parish and area of Ballangeich county of Villiers. At the Land Office, Hamilton, on and after th 29th instant, allotments in the parish and area of Moorwinstowe county Dundas. 