The Empire, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1808. WE have it on the authority of Mr. MICAWHER that a man way be perfectly happy in a pecuniary sense, whose income exceeds his expenditure by the small sum of one farthing ; while no individual can escape demoralisation whose expenditure perpetually exceeds his income by a like fraction... This sentiment oonveys a wholesome truth, under a somewhat exaggerated form. A man who is careful to keep his expenses always undor ; his inaomo must nooossarilv bo an honost man so far, and must inevitably devolop an coo-: nomical htibit whióh will domand an increased disproportion botweon' the sum of his receipts and that, of hts outlay ; whilo tho individual who, at .tho outset . of his career, is oarolcss of being in arrears to a small oxtcnt,1 will as certainly begot a' habit of improvidonco most baneful in itseifeots. Wo alludo more espooially to th oso poople who havo fixed income?, and who are thus forced from tho uncertainties and risks to which thc beat intentronod and oarcful business moa aro too .often oxposod. Thus in tho caso of tho latter it is Borne timos absolutely impossible to preservo a perpetual preponderance of receipts over expenses. Business will bceomo stag- nant, and' monoy cease to flow in, notwith- standing tho' host economical intentions,' and tho greatest carefulness. Besides, by tho general admission of all business men, credit for longer or shorter periods ie in most business transactions unavoidable. But tho largest portion of thet inhabitants of any nation aro in receipt :pf fixed salaries-.' weekly, monthly, or annual, as tho case may: be; and , thus, to a largo extent, their poouniary happiness is placed in their own handst7 rSuoh people oap havo, no;, excuse whatever for living, beyond their incomo TJnllko tho trodtr who, by an inorçaséd run of businoss, or by a fortunato spooulation, may réalisé ten times 'tho amount which he is responsible, for, tho man of'ßxod income, if he seek to inórense ' his comforts,or eonvoBienoce by running into debt for ono term, aan only hope to poy his way by stinting himself during tho next term. It would obviously' bo the most satisfactory way in tho long run to put by SOLDO portion of his income, until he had realised sufficient to purohoso suoh artiolcs as ho deemed essential to. bis comfort or. happi- ness. Yot'how many róhder thomsolvos miicr ablo by pursuing an opposite course How often do wo hear, a porson say-f My income is'altogethcr insufficient to oover tho expenses of my family, and we aro compcllod to run in debt in order to live comfortably ; in fact 1 don't know how we,will ever be ablo to .meot our bills at the end of tho quarter, nor how to obtain fresh credit if, wo do not meet them." ; ; Such pcoplo never ' aalt ' thom-, solves lio^ tho tradesmen 'who supply them : ore to moot their engagements if thoy nie not poid for tbeir goods. ;No; they have certain tastes that niust bo'gratified if. possible ; ;cör-, tain peculiar notions about keeping up an appeoraneo oommenBurato ? with their Own opinion .of tlioir consequence, which must be indulged at all hazards to themselves and regardless of the loss they, may entail on tradesmen, who, imposed ' upon by tho sem- blanceof adequato means, aro'foolish enough to_ 'trust them. . Visions of bailiffs, insolvent courts, loss of BtatuB and of consideration, and the , prospect 'of beggary staro them in tho face to no purpose; they still persist in their criminal indulgonocs, trusting like MIOAWBEU that " something will turn up'to caso them of, thoir, heavy responsibilities. . This, is «beor madness.. Pcoplo must learn to lock upon tho amount of their income as in- exorably defining their position in tho sooial scala. Hy living beyond their income they may for a few years bo rccoivod into a higher sooial circlo ; but eventually, they must fall bobjw thoir proper status, in tho same ratio that thoy havo risen abovo it. It may bo a 60Vero trial for a pcrion congruous that ho possesses talouts and nooouiplisbmcnts fitted to adorn the liighe*t stations, to be compelled to exist on. a small incoriio, while ho sees others with not.a 'tithe of his qualifications in possession Of bóuourablo and lucrative offices', .but .we'air have our trials in this lifo; and th oso who endeavour, (o ignore thom will succeed in doing so eventually. Tho roprohous.blo tasto for extravagance so prevalont amougrt individuals, in private life, is equally rifó amongst tho various publio bodies. Every! little sooioty that has the handling of ra o noy, deems itsolf in duty 'bound tolccop up a certain appearance, which in moat casos its means aro inadequate to sup- port; consequently, very fow suoh aro freo from a thumping poouninry obligation, whioh hangs like, a m il Ns ton o . on their hooks,' effectually retarding thoir progrosB It proves how innato tho tendenoy to extravagance is in' all mon,'that wo Cad raen, who in private lifo were rigidly economical, when thoy bo oomo members of publio bodies, having publio funds at.thoir disposal, aro clamorous for un- necessary and oxecssivo outlay. AU tho worst features of individual oxtravaganoo aro often represented on an oxaggeratod scalo in suoh cases ..Thousands of pounds that might havo been expondod on works of permanent utility aro often thrown away'on gingerbread displays arid gimcracks. Works of utility aro por mittpd to 'remain in abeynnoo through' want -of funds; but lot somo trumpery publio co'ro jmoninl bomot.tod and tho hioaoy is raisod, j by hook or by crook to carry H out on tho most I magnificent and oxpeuBivo sonic. Liko many privato' individuals too, : wiro huve obtained ari I addition to thoir inoomo, lot tho funds ot tho disposal of a publio body rocoivo an unex- pected iuoroDap, and,instoad of o'ndoavouring. i to .froo. tbomsclvos from thoir enoumbranucs, thoy but lnuticb out into fresh extravagances. I And'nsWith many''privato individuals; who wero onoo in tho enjoyment of a li boral inoomo, and acquired' cor tai il. tastes whioh ,they still ondtavour to gratify ., in reduaod biro'utri etane«fl, so with publio bodios similarly situated, lat thoir sources of revenue bo* diminielu d (hoy will' not consdiit to lesson, their expenditure. No J Publia bodies have their M rs, G nu NOY ns woll as private indi- viduals, and they droad tho lois of oas"» and of luxuries moro thon tho loss of tue uubstuHtiul oom torts to bo derived from a judicious economy. Ibo baum stupidity whuih 'nliiirnot«'i*ifloa Htfiivl'liiil* who im«j!lr> thut their little guoio of keeping up appear anees is not seen through, «nd sarcastioally commented on, is poroeptibte in publio bodies in liko oiroumstanccs. Now this is in the highcBt degroo deplorablo. Publia bodies can exert considerable influence on tho publio tastos. In tho aggregate they would be found to reprosent tho intolligonco of their constituents and by a judicious oxoroiao of that intelligence they might do muoh towards toning down tho moro general and conspicuous publio foibles. In tho matter ol edonomy ospeoially, thoy should set the peo* plo an example. Having what may virtually bo considered fixed incomes, no consideration, should induco them to exoeod thoso incomes. They should reduce their working espouses) to tba lowost figuro consistent with effioienoy,. altogether irrcspoocivo of the amount of their inoorao, and dovote tho balance to works of utility. In ono caso only «an.wo oonsidor that thoy would bo justifiod in dlvor;ing"from i this rulo, and- this whore somo undertaking that promised to bo eventually and per- manently profitablo, or gonerally beneüoiol, remained in ab?yanoo for want of means; in.suoh oase thoymightbp justified in anticipat- ing thoir revenuo, but in no.other.. Wa havo been lcd into this train of refleotion by . a consideration of the financial oir- oumstanccs of, tho - colony. Wo feel that OB n colony wo aro placed in a most humiliating- position by tho extravagance of our rulers. Though we havo largo rovonues from various aourcos, thoy ai o altogether, inadequate to our extravagant and s'ensoloss outlay. And notwithstand- ing that the publio dobt is in- creasing at the rato of millions yearly, notwithstanding' that our public works languish for want of funds, there is no symptom of tho existence of a desiro for rotrenobment on tho part of our rulers. On tho contrary, they aro acting as though' thoy had unlimited funds at their diJpofal. One of our statesmen bas crotchets involving tho employ mont of-fancy philosophere-on quixotio expeditions to foreign parts, in seat ch of model madhousos,. model gaols, and hoavon knows what besides. Another thinks that ; throe-cornered hats, gingerbread swords, and Court . Bu i ts of "blue and , gold" aro useful corollaries to tho ^.emolu- ments of office, . and. tho - -publio purso is forthwith - laid under, contribution to gratify tho.whim. But. this is a bagatelle. ,Tho publio Treasury, like an under-fed and diseased person, is in fea tod with vermin, vthioh' aro fast destroying tho small remnant of Vitality left in it. Wo would notb bo too sweeping in our censure here. ' Thcro are doubtless many of our officials who deserve, and ? honestly . earn every shil- ling - of - thoir salaries : but there/ , are hundreds in receipt of .large sums ' who could bo dispensed with. Many of our b'ghor offioials, too, receive salaries enormously out, of proportion to tho labours of their offices ; whilo.the most niggardly economy .is practised with rorpcot to tho hard-worked members"of the lowor grades of the publio-sor vice. In fine thero is room for the most sweeping roforms in all departments. There are a number.of idlo drones retarding rather-than forwarding the business of every department, who should bo swept away without compunc-,. tion. Many salaries onuld bo rcducod without detriment to thc publio sorvicè; and we belieyo tho salaries of soma useful publio ? servants might, - bo advantogcousl y increased. Those oolonioj evor sinoo tho opening of tbo igoïd-fielcVh&ve;* been endeavouring to'out-'' strip each other in the race of. extravagance.. Like tho individual who .unexpectedly found bimsolf in possession of a - fortune, thc Governments of the colonies at tho .outbreak , of the- gold diggings found their revenues metamorphosed from, thousands into millions and then commenced tho unparalleled career" of extravagance which they have ever sinoo maintained. Imbued with falso notions as to what constitutes tho grandeur of a country, instead of husbanding their rcsourops fer public emergencies, they have endeavoured by ostentation and lavishness to create an. impression on older statos au td thoir wonder- ful importance To cool headed ,Furoponn thinkers, tho rivalry of the two colonies of Victoria and New South Wales, -in tho matter of extravagant expendituto, must havo been amusing in tho cxtromo. But all this, must soon como to an. end. Our credit is already seriously affected. A respectable English banking corporation, with wuioh wo havo had ostensivo transactions, deotned it neces- sary to send an agent to the colony to ascer-' tain what stops wo woro about to take to meet our increasing pecuniary obligations*/ and our Treasurer was reduced to, tho hum li-? aliug nooessity . of ' oonftssing that unless further advances wero m ado by tho company ho would-not bo able to pay tho.salaries of tho -publio Bbrvantp1. Tho flimsy mask of ostentation which wo havo so long worn is thus rudely torn from our face ; . and wo must 11 now, nolens volens, endeavour by» striot oconomy to savo oursolves from further disgraee. REPRIEVE OF BROOKMAN AND WILLIAMS.—The sentence of death passed at the last Deniliquin Assizes upon William Brookman and William Williams, alias Duce, for robbery and wounding, has been com- muted by the Executive Government to imprison- ment, with hard labour, for fifteen years. THE Pames AT PAIUIAJIATTA.-We hayo boen re- minded that tho display, of flags stated in our report of tho ltoyal Iteçoption at Parramatta as having been ex-, hihitod at tho Mill, was at tho Asylum for Ino Infirm and Dostltuto, and that there was, in addition, a very neat'arch ortctod" 6vor" thô~gàtosvay, with tho" word ".Wolcomo" in. tho centro, tho.whólo ofi which wero, executed by tho niastor and matron, with tlio assistance of soma of tho inmates'of tho institution, for whom tho Government had previclod an exoollont (root In addition to tho, usual toasts, given on feast days, tho hcolth'of his Boyal Highness was heartily responded ta by tlio inmates, many of whom have served in tho army and navy. ?-' ' . . ¡Wo aro informed that tho promenade, concort'intlio pavilion, Hydo Torie, on Saturday, 'will' bo hohourod. with tho prosoiico of H.II.H. tho Diikq of Edinburgh. Several ilrst-olass'arfistos havo. volunteered their ser vicos. 'Thu programme'will bo published tc-Jiorrow. Mn. HOFFMANN'S CONOKKT.-In consoquonco of tho sued ss attdndnnt ' upon Mr. Uoffmanii's. concert, . nt tho Australian Library, on Tuosday ovonlng,' and tho ndmlrablo mannor'in' which ho was assisted on that occasion, it 1B probablo that another concert will bo given .nt au early day, at ' tlio request of eoveral pomona woll known in tho musical world of tills city. 'Bonouoir or IIBDFKUN.-At noon, yostcrday, tho Boturning-ofilcor doclared tho state of tito poll. As alderman for' llodfarh Ward ¡-Hudson, 175 votos ¡ Uillj lüU'votoe. As auditor :-Wardrop,' 101 votes } Waterman, HS voUs ¡ Ohandior, 11-Í votes. Mr. Hudson was thorefora roturnod as alderman,' and {Messrs. W.rdrop and Watorman as auditors. Mr. Hudson having thanked tho electors for'tho'.honor conferred upon him, tlio mooting was brought to a cloie. - ' ' . ' Mujncii.Ai.iTY or EAST ST. IiitoNAnos."-Tho fol- lowing gonllomcn wore elcoted as aldermen of this jniinicl|,nilly on tho -1th instant, without opposition!*-. All**rA William '¿ututui',- Jumes itliieuii, juiiiui', l d «rd Lord, Chalks 1-'rilli, .Thoma* Loxton,-owl William Dim!, senior. The ohution of Mayor tonk' Viicef.r. ilia lülk instanl, andicíuHtd j'uíaviWi'of Mr. Tucker. , II. ait. ras FJUMOIÍ.-l'cniAo Goon MAN»««« ÂT I FACI«.-Yesterday afternoon, at about 2 oVlock, tho ' attention of paBnongors In Mint part ot King-fltrect botwoon Goorgo and Pitt' stroota was attracted by a crowd, asBomblod in front bf tho door and windows of Mr. Marks, whoso display of Jnpanoeo and ObinoBO waro and curiosities will by thia timo linvo m at'o tho oBtabliBlimont gonorally known. At first it waa i bought that eomo nceidont had ocourred in tho street-a child liad boon run ovoryperhnps, and carried into tho nearest shop. This viow of tho caso was sup- ported by tho appoarnnco of somo folt hats and brawny shouldors, tho ownora of whioh wore,flattening their, noses against tho panes of glass in tho windows, in tbeir eagerness to peno trato tho 'mys'ories of tho interior; while tho ?mipposition. was strengthened by tho Vigorous wrestling of somo'o£ tho, eoi- dlssnt ".«ofter .sox," ;:who, in thoir, olbowiug " of tho' crowd in ordor to got nearer to tho-shop, performod; prodigies of valour, worthy of tho most humano and noblo causo. A glimpso of a policeman's white i cover at tho door obangod tho curront'of conjooturo.' i "It is a pioknookot," Baid ono sagacious, nowcomor.: " Or Bomobody has boon trying to rob tho shop," Baid1 another. ' At last, using a dosporata effort to discover; tho truth, and preparing ourselvoB to sco an infant in a torniquot, or a gontloman in handcuffs, we manngod; to got a viow of tho interior, and, thero saw-his Boyal' UighnoBS tho' Duko of Edinburgh, quietly making! somo purchases, but evidently quite ready to bo off nt tho first convoniont opportunity. It scorned that tho! Princo, nccompaniod by Lord Nowry, had gono into: Mr. Marks's shop, in tho exercise of his right as a j ,froo British subject in a freo trado country, but, hap-; I poning to bo attired in his undi-ees naval uniform, wael rccognisod, and a crowd gathored round. On thc j wholo thoy bohovod tolerably woll, and most persons,, whon thoy saw what tho cause of tho gathoring was,' 'foll book, and either wont away about their business or lingored at a short distanco with respectful curiosity, if inclination BO lod thom. ? Tho singlo policeman, moroovor, who had vory judiciously voted himself sentry on tho occasion, had no difficulty in keening back tho pressure, and ultimately potting a clear 'ano, through whioh II.11.1I. passed, and entered a hansom with Lord Nowry ns Boon na it arrivod, driving off in tho dirostion of Macqunrio-strcet. Thoro was nothing in tho domeanour of tho crowd to, givo offence, but tho crowd was itself an offoncp. There was no modo of ogroBB ox9opling through tho staring and closely £' aokod nssom bingo in front ¡ nhd, however hil Boyal [igliness may havo boon inured to such attentions, common sonso, not to speak of. politeness, must assuro us that ho would much rather bo without them. PAHLIAMENTAITY PICNIC.-Wo hoar that tho Par liamontary pièhio to H.R.ÏI. tho Duke of Edinburgl baa boen finally ilxod forWodncsdav, tho 10th, onrl; on tho morning of which day ll.It.jl. and tko moni bera of both Houses of Parliamontaro to Icavo Circula Quay, and procood by steamer to tho Hawkesbury whoro, it is stated, an encampment is to bo-formed and those of tho party who are disposed to do so cai romain to tho oloso of Thursday, although a stcamei is to lemo for Sydnoy on Wednesday ovoning. ConoNnn'a INQUEST.-An inquest was hold at th( Landa End Hotel, Pyrmont, yostcrday morning, before Henry Shiell, Esq., .and a jury, of whick Mr. W Wobb waa foreman, on viow of tho body of a giri hamod Jcuio Forcuson Bryden, who was drowned ic a waterhole at Pyrmont, on tho 11th instant Thc following .ovidonco . was . taken:-William Brydon stated : I am a boiler-maker, and reside nt 02, Beau- mont-street, Pyrmont, Sydnoy; tho dead body'non viowod is tli at of my daughter Jessie Ferguson Bryden egad soven years and cloven months, a native of thc colony; tho last time.I saw her olivo was about f o'clock yoslorday ovoning, sho was thon down bv Chowno-strcet; some time between 0 and 7 o'clock, Ï rcccivod cerain . information which .induced mo to go to a certain watcrholo.' in an old quarry, at about-- eighty yards from my house. ; the deppoat part pf > tho. waterhplo is , about twclvo foei, tho width about-six foot, arid tho longth about 20 feet; ou my arrival I obseivcd some' children and my wifo near tho waterhole; I saw no parson' in tho waterhole,-'or anything aboutit; a few minutes attor my arrival somo boys olmo; ono dived but did not recover the body j-nnothor boy used n prop and brought tho body of tho deceased to tho 'surface; tho body was handed to mo; tho information I rocoived, which induced mo to go to tho waterhole was to the effect that my daughter was in it; but on my arrival I saw nothing of her till ono of tho boys who como ' up ' recovered - tho body ; I do not know of my own know'edgo : how sho got into tho water-holo ; tho deceased was not ia tho habit of play- ing nttlie watcrholo; when tho body was:handed to me tboro was no lifo apparently in it ; I adopted what moans I thought; ndviinblo to restore Ufo; l eant for a doctor; Dr. Coombes carno and pronounced lifo to bo extinct, although ho took steps to rcetoro animation, but without success.-Margaret Brydon stated: Tho dead body pow viowod nt my place by the Coroner and jury is that of my dnugbtcr'Jessio Fcrgtuon Bryden ; tho last timo I saw hor alive waa about half-past 0 o'clock last ovoning; ebo was thon nt tho goto ; .1 sent' her for somo milk ; she said hor brother (azod J years) had gono to tho quarry, and that sho ' would . go and bring him; I told hor to do so ; tho noxt timo I saw her she was lying on tho ground, near tho, quarry; I saw hor brother thoro; from tho time BIIO said she w.uld go for hor brothor till I saw hor dead body about twonty minutes lind elapsed.-Ohnrlcs Coombes stated : I am a doctor of medicino of tho University of Edinburgh and member of tho Royal Collcgoof Sur- geons, Edinburgh; about 8 o'clock'Inst hight I waa called to soo a girl at Pyrmont, who it was said had boon diowncd ; on my arrival I found that lifo waa extinct; I adopted tho usual romcdics in eases of j drowning, without SUCCOBSI-I consider tho child died from drowning; thora wcro no marks of injury'upon tho body ;' Ibo body now viowod by tho Coronor and jury in my presenco is that of tho girl referred to in my ovidonco; tho body-presents nil tho ordinary ap- pearances of death by drowning. Tho Coronor summed up, nnd tho jury found thnt "Tho deceased Joanie Ferguson Bryden, on tho 11th instant, was found drowned in a wator-holo nt Pyrmont, Sydnoy, without any marks of violonco nppeoring on tho body, but how sho became drowned, thoro is no cvidonco to show." STIIKKT ACCIDENT.-As a furniture van belonging to Mr. Jamos, of Fniramntta- streot, wns proceeding nt a ra thcr smart paco, abou t half-past ii o'clock yetti rday afternoon, in Mnrliot-streot, near tho cornor of Pitt atrcnt, tho baek chain of. tho harness broke, and tho eart foll down-at tho horse's heels. Fortunately, or moro eoriotu effects might havo resulted, the sagacious animal stood Btili whon the gearing gavo .wayand ottered voryllttlo obstruction to tho traffic Aylnlo-tomporary "flxlns" woro attached. PlTT-STOKET I) .UTI ST Ml'TÚAI.- IjlmOVHStllNT SOCIRTV.-Tho mombors of this"socioty gave their first half-yearly mooting and onto tixmmcnt to a numerous ' nudioneo, on Monday ovoning Inst, in Gibson's Booms, Pitt-street . A vory attraotivo programma was pro- fond''for tho amusement of tho assembly, who thowod thoir ;upprcoia'tion of ? tho .varions',¡Items by.hearty, rounds of applause, Tbo chairman, Mr. H. Oixson, sonior, congratulated, tho society. in very eulogising terms on its success eluting tho past six months. -Tho secretary, Mr. T. Qlassop, read Ino report, from whi li it appeared that tho society had mado great progieas, although tho members havo had soino great obstacles to contend willi ; tho meetings that havo boen held by tho mombors'havo bedn forr tho jSurposobf 'hading doha tes or.discussions,anonymous loiters,- lectures, rending?, Tcoitn'.ious, singing,* kai all df which havo ¡-.roved very bonoflcial-, nnd instruotive. : Tho balance Bhoot showod a balnnco iu tho treasurer's hands of 10s, dd. Tho onfortalnmorit commenced wilh on ovcrturoi whioh was beautifully oxccütod on tho plano by a lady amateur, who also acted as accompanyist with vory great success " during tho ovoning. Tho musical pieces, comprising : solos ' and: duetts,' ' viora: all very creditably rendered ; nlso, tho literary noleclions woro performed' with mark-d success. 'The ofllcera olootcd for tho ousulng six months aro-Chairman': 'Mr,"J. 'Stone. Sccrotnry and Treasurer: Mr. T. Glassop. Commitlco: McBJrs., F. -Budd,- S. Glossop, J. Norris,; and F. Maxwell. Tho', proceedings, closed at about half-past B o'clock, attor a hearty voto'of thanks hoing awarded to tbo .blmirmnii, »nd to tho young Indy who had so kindly presided at tho pianoforte. . . Miss AITUKN ANn Mn. T. P. HIM.-Tho la's " Bool tal,", but two of theso talontod olooulionlste will biko-placo in (ho'Masonic Hall this evening. Thu programme ls unusually attraotivo. Music, song, and elocution trip Upon oaoh other with o'variety of light and shado that cannot ' fail to givo satixfaatlon to n niiscalluncóus.aiidlénce. .Mr Horaloyls to preside, as usual, at tho ]ilanoforto ; Mr. llalnford is to sing again /'Will o' tho \Vispi" Miss James and ,Mr.,,Jackson 'will Inte'rsperso tho onterluTn'mcnt with tonio of thoir bo t solos and duots; and, amongst otkor favourlto " Headings" with n Byd.noy nudlonctf, Mr; Ti P. Hill will, by gortornl'doaire, givo bis well-known rtndorlng of. Hood's groat dramatic poom of« "Tho Urcain'of Eugeno Aram," and Fnnnor's touching piotura of "Tho Hontli of tho Collier's Child.'' By particular dr-slro Mi«« Aitken J«announced lo recite "Tho Bolls," "Manolo Waugh's First and Last Visit to tho Play," nd*"'i'b6 ISreidnu Dreuni boftnu tia' Buttle- nt Inlier mann " with musical accompaniment by Mr. HIII BIOV. I Xutwithiitiinding thiF.i) attuctioi.H thi-i* ie Jewill lie observed, uo nugmonliiUou In (Jin pi icon pf cdmleeipn, NEW OoDntixowa' HAM., NKwrotfn.-Thli' build- ing was forraolly oponed on Monday ovonibg Inst, January lOtli, on willoh occasion a musical and literary outortalnmont waa given. Stephen 0. Drown,' Esq., tho mombor for Nowtown, ocoupiod tho' chair, and on tho platform wero sevoral gontlomon interested in tlio building. Aftor a few appropriate remarks from tho ohairman (who congratulated tlio OddfollowB on tho beautiful hall they now possossod), tho pro- gramma was aponod by Mr. ï. W. Craven, who per- formed Mr. DJ. Marsh's composition "Princo Alfred's March," on tho pianoforte, in a mannor' that justly entitled him to tho npplaueo ho rocoived. Tho- gloo "Hail, smiling morn" was thon very ably rondercu by a Dumbo: of ' gontlomon. Miss ' Ho wo then sung " O'er tho field with Patrióle," and in answer to a re- peated ancore, sung " By tho ead eon wavos j" sho BIBO sung tho ballad- "Tnoró's limo enough yet," nnd encores hoing tho ovidont ardor of tho evening, BIIO graceful) v oompliod .with " Oomih' through > tho pye." Messrs. 1'. Pidgoon, Anderson, North, and Hinds gavo Bovoral roa'.tations. 1 Tho songs "Nil desperandum" and " Tho old , musketeer" worb given by ? Mr. Swinson, that'gentleman well moriling tho applaueo ho ; rocoivod. Tho part 'song, " Comrades in arms," was 'thon' very woll' sung by tho gontlomon amateurs. Tlio proccodings orminntcd with God savo tho Quoon" at half-past 10 o'eloolc. Mr. T. -W. O-nvon actod os aceompanyiBt in his ubual oxoellcnt mannor. Î TnB' SUSPROTBO Mnnymi OK TIIE I.ACitr.AN.-On Monday, 27th .January, n man, nama unknown, WOB found dead on tho . Lachlan rivor, about three miles bolow Walgiors station. Tho body was fast in tho fork of a snag,' and tho hands «oro tied behind with a now Manila lino. A mngintorinl inquiry was hold hy J. Downio,.. Esq. Krom tho modical ovidonoo of-Dr. Farrell it appoars. that, tho unfortunate man did.not como to his doalh by drowning, also that ho must havo boon drinking heavily baforo his death ; how his hands carno to'bo fastcnod behind him remains and will ro main a mystory ¡ tho body was frightfully decomposed, and must ovidently havo been dead moro than three wooka.-Hay. correspondent Deniliquin Chronicle, February 8.-Tho Chronicle fays:-In tho caso of tho body found on tho Lachlan, referred to in our last issue »nd mentionod by our nay correspondent, tho vordict j recorded nt tho . magisterial inquiry hold by Mr. Downio, J.P., was as follows : ." That dtccaeed had Iiis hands tiod behind him after death, and as no mark's of violonco appeared on tho body thcro is no oridonco to show how or by what moans ho met his death ; ho had ovidently bcon without food at least twenty four hours 'beforo ho diod." This of courso negatives tho statomont that deceased's skull was smashed as previously elated, and Hint is perhaps accounted for by tho body, when found, being in a thorough, stato of- decomposition It appears it was discovered by a; blackfellow, who informed Mr. Higgins, of Ulonga station, who, accompanied by two othors, proceeded to tho spot, and afterwards buried tho body. It was subsequently exhumed, and tho inquiry and post mortem made, although it would appear nt present with rory unsatisfactory results. Wo append a description of ucccasod, so that, if possiblo, identifi- cation may result Deceased was apparently about thirty.years of ago, five feot BÍX inches iii-hoight, stoutly built, brown hair, and two front iippor footh dflcayod br broken. ' Ho was dressod in moleskin trousers, with tho pockots cut out, iron-groy tweed sack coat bound with snuff-coloured binding, iron-groy crimean shirt with pockot on loft sido, blucher boots nearly now, and . without socks. No money was found, and only two copper tokens and a dark leather Portemonnaie. , PIJINCE OF WALES TITHATIIE.-Th o performances at thia thoatro ; last ovoning woro undor tho especial patronage^ of his Excellonoy tho Earl of Delmore, who, with'tho Countess of Botmoro, was propont to witness Mr. Walter Montgomery's delineation of Dan Cnjsar do Dazan. 'Tho Vico-rcgal party also comprised Lord Nowry,; Miss Gindoono, and Captain Beresford. T/io theatre was well filled upon tho occasion. To night Mr. Mon tgo mory < appears as: Shylock ¡n the " Merchant of Vonico." FATAL ACCIDENT IN "WASIUNOTOS-STIÍBET.-A fatal accidont occurred botweon 12 and 1 o'clock yosterdey, in Washington-strcot, ? oft' Sussox-Btreet, by which a etonomaeon named George Ellie, a married man, residing in Noili-strcct,- Pyrmont, was killed upon tho spot Tho deceased was oinployod in shoeing a stone for uso in theerootion of thrco two-storied houses for Afr. Alston, iu .Washington-street, when a pair, of sheer-logs on- tho opposite sido of the strcot to that upon which ho was ongagod foll, and struck him upon tho hoad. Tho deceased was instantaneously kiliod, haver speaking afterwards,, and tho bystanders roport that tho uppor, portion of tho bpdy . was fearfully crushed. . . .EiKCTno-Btonoav. - On Tuesday Professor Selwyn gavo a locturo in tho Oddfollows' Hall, Newtown, on \tio obovo sulijcct, with illustrations. Thora was a crotty numerous attendance. J. i\ Josephson, Esq., M.l\\.'presided on tho occasion. Out of about »ino persons who wont on tho platform to submit themselves to tho power of tho biologist, only' four wero brought under his influence but only twocomplotoly.so. Theso two wero compolled, at tho biologist's will,, to do any- thing ho pleased. After going through a number of antics, tho performance was brought to a close shortly after 10 o'clock. . MALICIÓOS AND IjesononniNATE SEAMEN. - A curious caso of. cruelty to animals occupied tho attention of thoir Worships Messrs. Burdekin und Day, yesterday, nt thoï "Waler Police Court. Captain Plant, of tho Medusa, charged. Daniel Heep, ono of his seamen, with having tortured a bird qn the morning of, Sunday Inst, to which the man ploaded that ho know nothing about it. It appears that tho 'prisoner was returning frcm tlio shore, whoro ho had been without loavo, in company with a shipmnto, 'ilamod Francis Howard; and that when thoy got to tho coop whoro tho geoso wero kept, ho said,' " Stay, Frank, let's kill tho geoso ; wo never got any of thom to.cat," and then deliberately got into tho coop thoy, wero ¡kept in,.' and bogan twiging their necks, .throwing thom out on tho deck as hu did so. Howard deposed to this, and also that ho himself threw two of-tho geoso overboard, having picked.thom up as tho? wero struggling i bout the deck. Itccs stated, towards thccloso of tua case,' that ho wes with Howard, and that it was Howard who did what' Jio (floes) was accused of doing. Tho Uonoli ¡ordered Ileos lo pay a (ino of il, mid Os. Od. oasts. Captain Plaut complained that ho hud* great truulle'wth his mon, and could »ot koop them on board, and thuir Worships' 'suggested to lum to bring thom all up. Tho bad behaviour of many of tho crew during tho whole of Mast week had oiiisod Captain Plant to refuse, them pormiesiou to go on shore, uud he had sniftered groat injury inconsequence.! On ono occasion ho had to procuro shore-hands to help to bring tho ship bnok to hor borlh from which «ho-had been mysteriously cast ' ff during a heavy galo t and wilful damages lind also boon dona ta his Vat, tito perpotrntois of which ho had boon un'ablo to discovor. Tho magistrates ex- pressed thoir determination to punish covertly any seamen thnt were brought beforo them, charged with insubordinate conduct. IIAIIUOUK Wonna.-Tho harbour works ot Wollon- gong oro now being steadily pushed to a conclusion, though hardly so rapidly as could bo wished. Tho fact is that .matters cannot bo too .rapidly ended in tho harbour workp. So far, t' o greatest expedition has been thrown' Into farming tho tramway running to tlio copi shoots, and this portion of work "rapidly assumes usablo Ïimportions, hlr a ly tho motáis to No. 1 shoot havo boon did, and ballasting ls hoing carried on. The brldgo has boon deokod' and scorns dbw almost ready Tor receiving tho shoot. -Hound tlio immonso area farming wharfago \- accommodation - a gradual clearance is hoing made, and things gonerally appear moro businesslike Hut the coffer-dam is tho great difficulty, It is lo'ng cot up with trouble. - So immense wus tho timber used hoi tod and llxod togother - and the forco il had to with 'stand, that there- is no goltimr it asunder. -Ono or two .sections aro cleared away. Thcro is overy reason to hopo'a fortnight will admit-of vossols being'loaded under tho no M shoots,--Illawarra. Express, Fobruury 10th. - . , ; i- HBNittKNiir, NAMOI ItivEn.-A Namoi Iii vor cor- respondent writes, . undor dato Fubruary 8th, aï follows)-"Aftor n period of sovoro drought, wo havo lately. had ' a : heavy fall of rain, and at tho prosont time, tho i Namoi lotks well. Feed is evorywjicio abundant, and. tho stook will soon rocovor tho hard- ships expoiionccd during thc drought. I had an op- portunity, yesterday, of sooing throo voty lino impor- ted rums bolonglng lo Mr. M'Oanah, ot Goori ll co. For Bizi and Ono texture of wool, thoy could hardly bo equalled in, tho colony, Thoir owner is sending them to his splendid station Goorllloe, where no doubt by thoir nidi an improvement in both tho etzo of tho sheep and quality of tho wool, will In limo bo accom- plished. lt is oxpoctod that.tho now liUhop of Graf- ton will appoint a regular olorgyman for tho Namoi, Tho visits of nny olorpymnn herc, aro Uko nugelp, ' fow nnd fur botwcop,' - Thcro is in tilts district a wide Hold for exertion, and tho ministrations of a regular olorgyman would bo considered by tlio mc I jorlty of tho inhabitants ns a great b"on, I nm sure, I sliould ouo be up|>oiuwd, ho tiuuiu iiuvu "u n-usou tu : onlnplulll'of thu'Want of liherillly nf tho people in [ rolitilbuling kiwanis h B support. 1 will hit you kimv r.cMüi.'iiially Low we MC getting on in thh p;rf of thc colony.'' ' WlíHTWOBTJf.- 'ÍUIS WKATIIBU ON THU DAnUNO, DxATil DY DSOWNINO.-I find tho rain montioncd in my last communication wag partinl-it only foll on tho upper and loworrivor; about ICO milos of tho mid rfvor got nono, or in so small a quantity as to bo valueless. Tho weather, for this timo of tho yoar, is cool-frequontly tho nights quito cold. For tho lost threo days and nights wo havo had a stoady__south wind blowing, tomporing tho summer heal lo" a great cxtont; to-night thoro is lightning, and some prospect of a storm. Tho walor in tho Darling is now vary low, and if tho stenmors-tho liinu pnd Teviot manngo to get back from Menin die ¡twill bo nu muon as they will do; if thoy do eo tko river.will nloso without a steamorón it, a very rare occurrence. ' Such hasnothnpponod for years; and, what is moro, with scarcely a balo of wool loft behind-a circumstance of considerable importance to tho Darling squatter, 'who is raroly favoured in this way; indeed, it is to« fioquontly his misfortune to havo to battle with drawbacks and contingencies, which nono olliors havo to contend with.-Thoro was a sad and. melancholy accidont happcriod hero laßt Monday, Into in tho after- noon. Threo littlo boys, of tho nomo of Soward-tho .oldest nbout oightor niuo years of ago-woro crossing tho Darling on a log canoe,' tho eldest boy paddling lt. Whon about a third of tho woy across, tho younger boy, who. woe standing in tho stern and throbing somo piceos of brick into tho water, full overboard and wa] drowned. Thoro ives no adult present at thc timo tho Ind fell overboard, and it was only tho other boys' crios that brought tho motlier nnd two other women (neighbours) to tho rivor bnnk; and tho lad must hayo boon close on n quarter of an hour in tho water bofofo any man could bo found to give any nssistanco towards recovering tho body. Even thou, his efforts in tho .Avatar woro useless, as tho preciso spot wuchs tho boy foll in could not - ho pointed out. Soon moro nssistanco carno to hand. - Threo blackfellows wero' got to dive, nnd although thoy eoomcd lo boot tho ground well both ? above and below whoro tho body was supposed to bo, yot with . out' avail. Meanwhile, two or threo grapnels woro improvised out of somo iron wire, and tho boats began to drag. About an hour and a quarter from Ibo timo tho boy foll into tho wntor, he was rc«overcd-by ono of tho boats, nbout fifty or sixty yards below, tho ?laco pointed out as whero ho first entered tho water, f tho 'potcould havo been shown with any degrooof certainty whore tho poor lad fell overboard, tho first man who carno to render nssistanco might havo been successful in finding tho body before lifo was extinct", although this may ba considered doubtful, as tbo blacks failed in their efforts. However, tho want of light-it being near sundown when thov carno-may in a manner account for their failing, Noxt morning, a coroner's.inquest was held on tho body, and n verdict in accordance willi tho circumstances wns tho result-r " accidentally drowned."-Pastoral Timos, Febru- ary 8. DENILIQUIN STOCK HEPOHT. - Tho Deniliquin Ohroniclo of Fobruary 8th reports as follows:-Thia week has witnessed an ngrcoablo chango in tho weather, rain commencing to fall about midnight on Thursday, and continuing at intervals through tho greater por- tion of to-day. No great downpour and running off, but a gentío nnd penetrating rain. Nearly ono inch foll up to 8 p.m., and thoro is ovory prospect of tho continuance of showers, at least for pom o hours. Tho crossings of stock to market through hero havo bcon as follow:-Sunday, 211 fat cnltlo from Hunthawong, Glass', in tho hands of Ettorshank and Co. ; and 280 ditto, Hoffman's, in thoso of Dal. CnmpboU. Monday, 270 ditto,-Gillmoro's, from tho Macqunrio, Byan and Hammond's hands; and 217 of Shepherd's, Power and Rutherford's. Tuesday, 811 from Nournnie, Olnss'j and Friday, 220, Higgins*. A mob of fat cnttlo, Welsh's, from Lake Wnlgicrs, is behind, having crossed at Hay on Monday. No sheep linvo passed, but to-day,700O of Dr. Youl's fut wethers woro near. Aitkcn's 500 storo cnttlo nnd 150 fat ditto nie now near Urana, coming this way, Powers and Rutherford heinz tho ngonts. Wo havo no transactions to'report a3 closed,, but many wo hoar aro under, negotiation. . On tho' Murrumbidgee, thunderstorms woro experienced list week; but fow nrrivnls of stock reported at Wagga; Aitkon's cattlo were then mentioned as being under oller, aa wero also Robertson's ICO storo from Yo». There was a fair domaud foroaltloof both description!, and somo inquiries for storo sheep, but vendors were 'unwilling to tako tho piiccs offered. * , IIEDIIAKK, LACHLAN HIVJUJ. - Our correspondent writes :- Nothing nt nil"is talked of hero but "tho ?Trinco." Bushrangers hnvo all disappeared before him ; in fact, tho vory nppearnnco of his gallant «hip"' has frightened them all into tho warmest Jnyalty, and nothing but loyalty now porvndes. But lot mo toko tho liborty .hero to remind tho Prince, who appears« to bo tho only descendant of royalty who over visited» theso shores, that two young men-ono about his own ago and tho othor much younger-now lio under sen tonco of death in Deniliquin gaol for bushranging. Perhaps it would bo tho proudest testimony of tho> foalty of tho colonists to hor Majesty that ho could ojnvoy, that nt his dceiro two of her erring subjects woro ropriovodî nnd surely ho will find a warm responso in tho heart of tho colonists should ho only hint at such a desire. TB thoro any likelihood of tho Princo visiting us? If so, ho will get a "Coad millo fniltlie," and that without our .Sydney friends, boaring any part of tho expense. Cnn they say tho" sumo of us ? Oh fie. Sydnoy I Why put your hands into our pockets ? 1'obrunry 3. ' NAnANnEnA, February 4th.-Sinco my.last com- munication, although wo have had ono or two days'; steady rain with a fow occasional showers) wo sojourners in this "blosEcd walo''of tho Murrum bidgee, have been vegetating in a condition internally only to be compared to that of a bean. of coffee fresh ? from tho roasting machine, and externally in a Btoto of somi- Iiquifnctiou, which would havo satisfactorily mot, if not exceeded, tho aspirations of tho illustrious Prince of .'Denmark, but would at tho rome limo I'. fancy, hnvo boen l uther trying to tho feelings of tho Trinco of Edinburgh, whoso doings and sayings, goings and comings, nnd shortcomings, hivo so long, j occupied tho attention of all uowtquipor reudcrs-and wi'lt which said rcadeis. as well ns H.U.H. must, I should fanoy, lflivo been glutted. Jesting apart, how over, wo hnvo experienced here many days of hoot almost unbcnrablo, tho glass som olimos, showing as high as 110 and 112 degrees in tho shade. Tho rain,; thoroforc, to which I alluded, has of coureo.dono little good boyond affording a scanty supply of water to somo of tho. almost exhausted dams and waterholes... Tho grass is every whoro parched up and brown, and heavy bushfire* may bo anticipated, although," at present, wo bayo fortunately boen unusually freo from them-Pastoral Times. . .. v. THE MIBBIXO. WOJUN AT QuEANUEyAN.- 8,00 p.m. Just as wo wero going to press at this hour Mr. J..1 Kinsola has called to say tliut, after all tho distress and exeitemont occasioned by thia' remarkable case, Mrs. Brook has1 now roturncd homo Slip waa ,¡ seen by moonlight to oilier an outhouse, with' tba intention of eecroting herself fd» a lli'rd night. Hor husband was apprised of it,'and'went'and brought hor indoors. Sho was dry, .cheerful, and ' frosh; and wo have good authority for saying timi abo has during tho whuloof this exciting period boon harboured in town, nt least oach night, and thoro is., already n cluo to her harbourer*, and thoso who" woro in tho scorot. It is needless to add that'tho't disgust folt at such conduot on tho part of, all cou corned is most intense. ? Wo Bbnll hnvo mora to say v on tliia subject in our noxt-Queanbeyan Ago. Tun GLRN INNES MAIL' 8T0cic-t/r ONCE Monk- _ It is somothing to neto thia wcok that tho polico havo at last been'on the trnoks of Thundorcolt, which, ^ coupled with tho. confession of tho ? woman Hamaco, . 'that ho and her-stepfather, Simmons (at present .iu. ¡ gaol) had planned tho- sticking-up af Mr. Maokonzio's , hoi) so, at Stony ¡Crook, had sustained tho publio with,; a secret,.kopo that tho, groat .criminal : himself ; would, likewifo, very shortly.' bo . brought] int»;; Arinidalo in custody of tho polico. But lo arnb bohold, just ;nt tho ¡ vory/-timpi grken j people; we'*' ?ontrnnced with expectation and hopo tho ' telegraphier, j wiro Hushed tho announcement from Glon "Innes, that Thunderbolt lind onco ognin stúok-up tho ñín'l., .On tho prosout occasion it appears that tho" drivor, Mr; _ .Wardrop, had roached within' two milos of Bc« , Lomond, on his journoy to Glen Innos, wkon tho enmo , mau who had stuck him up on a formel' occasion ..rodo up, and calling him by nomo, ordered him lo bnll-np, and hand out tho mail bagB. Mr. Wardrop ' had no alternativo' but lo comply with . thè ? deniand, I when Tliutdorbolt got off his ? horeo (which ls doscribed as a splendid animal) and do positing his arras in readiness for any omergonoy, at his foot, proceeded to-open ? tho bogs, and infto out tho loiters, leaving, na bofo o, tho 'newspapers behind. Ho thon remounted his li orso, which was. very' roittvoj und rodo off. The timo of tho ocourronco was So'olock ? in tho dnr, and from tho foot of tho robber having no conlon nt tho time, it ls presumed Hut lila hiding« plnco was riot far distant. Mr. Barnett, tho jowolljr, wo undorstnnd, lost a quantity of jowollerv, whioh ho lind forwarded by tho mnil -Armidale Telegraph. Wu ait, lcqucttid by MCCUE. Char. Mooro and Co, In dirrot tho attention nf Wnrrhourcmen, Drapers, SI« < koopaT, and tim Tracta tn their snln of Drapery, M"tip|,fMer Rood., Oln'hipr. ll'nnl'«'!«,«,!'., This Buy, nt ll o'clock, «t their Kowbi, i'ilt-itlreet, 