SYDNEY SUMMARY. (From the Evening News.) THE most serious railway collision that has lately happened on our railways, occurred this (Monday) morning, at about nine o'clock, at the Newtown railway station. The passenger train, due in Syd- ney at 8.40, was just leaving the Newtown station, when a through goods train which followed came up before the first train had acquired much speed and ran into it, causing a violent concussion.— One passenger, Mr. Falconer, brother of the station- master at Newtown, was killed on the spot. A con- siderable number of ladies and gentlemen were seriously hurt. Most of the passengers were hurled by the violence of the concession from one end of the carriage to the other. Many kept jumping out of the carriages panic-stricken. The utmost con- sternation prevailed, for the concussion was so sudden and unexpected, that many attempted to extricate themselves before the carriages had ac quired full speed. More persons were injured by jumping out of the carriages, and considering the nature of the place, it is providential that many more were not killed. One carriage was smashed to atoms—the one in which Mr. Falconer (deceased) was riding, and others being injured, while hundreds of people were crowding on the lines, some to ascertain the extent of the accident, others to lend assistance to remove the killed and maimed—here was a prospect of another greater and most appalling accident, had not a man, with much presence of mind, ran on the line towards Sydney, and apprised the engine-driver of the nine o'clock train from Sydney of what had occurred, and the crowded state of the line near the Newtown station. The body of James Falconer, aged about forty- nine, much mutilated, was removed to the station- house. Whether he jumped, or was forced out of the carriage, is not clear. He appeared to have got entangled, for his head came in contact with basement of the landing jetty, and his body was dragged for nearly thirty yards, blood flowing freely. His body was much mutilated. Deceased was a married man, residing at Lyhe's Creek, about forty miles beyond Mudgee. He leaves a wife and six children. He came to Sydney about some dis- puted boundary. An inquest was commenced at two o'clock to-day, but nothing further than the identification of the body, and other preliminaries, were gone into. The other persons, more or less injured reside be- tween Parramatta and Sydney,., Some have received dangerous bruises, and others have escaped more for- tunately. ,Among those injured, we have ascer- tained the following :-Mr Islop, Mrs. Owen, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Gardener, Mr. Millar, Mr. Scott (Stan- more), Mr. Underwood, Mr. Rattray, J.P., Parra-. matta, badly; Mr. T. Gill (Tooth's collector), broken leg;:Mr. Smith, Ashfield;very badly;Mr. Dolman, Freeman''s Journal, slightly; Mr. Gibbon, Parramatta junction,severely, about the head; Mr. Wickham, Mr. Langley, junior, Parramatta; Mr. Bryan; Ashfield, very badly, conveyed to his residence; Mr. King, Burwood; Mr. Adams, Joint Stock Bank; Mr.Raymond, Union Bank; Mr. Muir, of the treasury; Mr. Thomson, bell-hanger, Pitt-street.. Besides these, a large,number of both sexes received contusions more or less severe. The inhabitants of Newtown,in the vicinity of the station; were prompt,to render assistance. For a time all was confusion. Senior.sergeant Taylor, Sergeant Flaherty, and police,were promptly on the spot, and reduced things.to order. The hon. the minister for works also arrived at the station by special train. Dr. Bell, Dr. Mc Phee, Dr. Soryver, Dr. Segewick, and Dr. Scott were also in attend- ance, and did good service in dressing up the wounds, &c.;, and directing the removal to appropriate places of the worst cases. It is needless to state the various rumours as to .who was to blame for this disastrous occurrence. The passenger train was five minutes late in arriv- ing at Newtown, or in leaving Newtown., It is positively stated that the caution signal was ex- hibited, to warn the approaching luggage train. Others say the signals were not up. Amid such con- flicting statements on this particular point, It would be more prudent to leave the matter to the investi- gation of the coroner. A complete list of the injured could not be ascertained, but we have given the names of those whom the police and medical officers deemed to be the most injured. S ,' (?a ,.(ron,et ao.M , ... -,a,b , ,? On several occaslcoe lately the greo In.vrarion s ,brtions 'ofl'lyde'Park has been,set on Are. aon Thursdy afternoon, thebgrass between the fences whlch' encloned, the trees, : nearly, opposite the pavilion, wasediscovered burning.,. several men who wer engageod at the pavilion, immediatqly,set to work ind beat it out before' any damage was done to the fences or trees ;The cxtremely dry weather nd ithe heat'of the sun have parched the grass to such a degree~,that t lighted match thrown down, or even a spark from a'ptpe, isssutflefent to set It ou ldre `and' whenonceq' on fire .t,buros,with great rapidity. :7It wquld be well it persons who are in the' habit'of smoking were to exercise I much care as"poisilble''when" smoking on the, race.course. Numbert'of youdig~children,are sent there every day' for feertcealo, ;nd should the graea be set on fire whilst they are playing abount the, consequence to. some of them' might be most disastrous. ,.The same remarks are equelly apjplicable to the domain, and other publlo'recreation grounds. , '.' SThe insl contest foe the ?ampjlon.e Icllr, whlch was to have taken'place on Saturday betwfen ?,illiam Ilickey of Newcastle, and liebtrd 'Green ,of Sydnai:y'ha' collspsed, Ore'eq' forfeltiog';tb'. cum elready'deposited:"- Gree"n'tou?,d'noht tindl''bckers efflciently' spiriied' to advin?' the stakes.'.,Moqre over;'tf they had,;Gre fb"coul'd nbot'iiaverowd, as 'the?'hew *b at' made speelll yfor' hbni" blmi'e. irpartrably 'damaged' on e first 'trial. llckey is thberefore,'now the'undisputed champion sculler Australasi.: o' a,, n, . I !A'correpondent writ al-O0n Neiwr eee Day therewas a large plentoe'given uidder the oanplcos of the?Mluttial Improvement.lSocletf'o Nattaitwplch did them cridit ",The place of retreat chosen' pl on the banks of the Bong Boog tlver, about six'mlles' fron here...There were over, two hundred people pressnt. ' Conveyances were provldeds'for those who cho?eI to avail' themselves of' them., t The party 'rryied on the grounds at eleven.n. Speedy 'prepare. I ne,,wsre;.at,once made. for'dinner; whcch'was se ved,up at two. ,,-Thre were some, amuiements, asuh s cricket, swinging, dancing, and muslo?. Thie pleasure.eeakers returned to town at btven; all'ap. p?rently well satisfied with their trip.o' ,ri??toi ( . S1'he,MCpnlipalitles', Act of' 1807, being ftow'in force, the. ensuing annualelectlions will' have to s' conducted Inl strict, accordance :wlth its provisions.' It, may, not be amlss, therefore, to:drawl espeelal attention to such of them as are peculiarlynecessary to i be observed,?at the, present, time.;i Byt section .6t the cotinci clerk o every munlipelity it required by, the' 7th' l. tant to make oua al btcat list "-accoidlng, to'the.formol schedue ,", of. al persons entitled' to be enrolled as electors..,This liest, called "the munrlpl list, Is to be made out' troen thrt.milbock of the sunicipality, '"and all, books and documiients gonnected therewith.!", Seetpion 61 defines who are the persons entitled to enrolment, amely-"Every person of the full age of twenty. eyear, who on the 7lh of January is the, oceu. pier, 'aesseee or ownerof":oy rateable property wlIthin' the' municipality, and ,liable, to be rated for the same."' By a subsequentlprovlso lanthe asme clause,'onlythe person who actubaly pays the 'rates Sactually' entltled;'to 'vote ll but,,every, person :liable to.be rated "-?hether actually rated or not--l clearly'ntitled to beienrolled, and may by, becoming the aetual'payer of.the rates at a aubie. usent period, acquire a right.to 'ote. These rights xteod, of enrolment and votiig, to a fejmme sole who Is the occupier, lessee, or owner' ofany such rateable property, lthousgh by section 2 it is pro.' lded that only male electors shallt'be eligible for oiee as maltr, d&. ( Section '66 commands that havine made' out' the'llistbefore i'mentioned, the council clerk shill " notify' by publle advertlsement, in soutme newspaper elrculating In or near the muniel. polity, the fact that a copy of such list Is In' hli' ct medyand' opentto 'lnsplectio, &o.;'t llh Ies also rcqeired tokeep such list open to inspection'at'all reasonable heours, from the 7th to the' 14th'Janttary; .To readerthis notice etffectual t will be'.necesusry that it should state whereathe lists'are to be seen?, Persons having a rightto enrolment whosainames have rbeen omitted, or, who object to the enrolment of any person whose name has. been Iceluded;most;' under section 60, gave ontice of suchtclaim or ob. Jaction according to certain forms prescribed by the sct,.. If-1formesoI claims, endo objection aret not actually, provided; there ,will, we! presume,' be, a copy or cuples of the act- at tevery',plrce where, , municipal l list lisel, for,, lnpection,. so that claimantls or objectors'' day have po diiculty, tAll preon having a ~ight to. enrolment should In. Ll'~i rh''' pe et be lind' put Ip i their clims If omitted, for they will have no other opportunity of donlg so until January, 1869;and although not actual payers of rates now; are, therefore, ot "entitled to vote, they may, by some new, arrangement with their landlord or tenant, as the case may be, become rate. payers in the interim. It will not do to rely upon the chance of getting a nameineserted or a name struck out, through the Interference of a friend in the council, for section 60 ueprelty prohibits the doing of anythlig of this kind. The council is to sit as a revision court at any such time and place.as the mayor may appoint (section 67) between the 21st and 281h daye of January. (Three days' notice of the holding of this court must be given by pdyertise. meat; and jir ' notice ppsted onthe; dodr.l'othe council.chtmber... The eourt ?my b adjourne4 by the. mayor, or in his absence by th6b ouonei; for sufficient cause" provided, that ,lt be not'as adjourned beyond t.e8lth'f' Jf ? Jin , I.'nr other words, the work of reviston mast bW'oomleted by that day. " All mayors, aldermen, and'oooneil oleros, /s, should study the 66th,'57th; 68tb,! 69thG0th, 61st, ~T 62nd, and 63rd sections o( the act u to the datioesJd powers of reviaipen e drawing np: the. municipal roll (section 63 'and schedble J) It wilt be noeesaary where "property" is mad p opf a'everas prcel for which a cumulative vote ls'claimed, tb'carry out the total In the last column. ( [tlinc' the foregoi g paragraph has been ino topeth· attention'or toe writer has been poin t dily!lledt'to! the peculiar wording of sectlon,61. .,This eeetion .enacttlhat "aII persons havinga freehold, laehbold, or house hold. qualilcsion, pituated, yTibhin the prqeaimed bounnariesiof any,, istong munueipality, or any munlcilpality to be conituted.unoder. the.provisioas of this act, and namcd qn, any electoral roll for the time being of any-electdral district, within the boundaries of which" uch pnicipelity, shall be whoUll, o lpaitly lddedishalitat and for the first election of aldermen and.auditors therefor after the puassingj(£ his, et,, and 'at, and 'fors· any ito r such, elction ' before; aot n ntil the' proper, enrbl. 'ient 'of ,thb, municipal,' electors,.a a ,'hpleftr direct~ , ' electore of, such municipality....And at, and frpr 1' etfoel bKsquent to the oompletion' If the municipal roll, all perseas dy s pfe/fef, as Aer?ia" fer proided abshall be electors.', The frst partf at .tFls'ection confliete with its 'cloeug sentenceftdrl with all the provisioueos torthe. prepratilon and revision oinunicripat lists t6'which we have drawn attention. It may, possibly turn out, aseý eeehoe 'suggestedthat the effect of the Enat oL the set. tion will be to disfrancbiie;, atthe ensuing lie iusoy elections, all ratepayers not'on the:parl ameatsr, electoral rolls.'"DBut 'looking it the' Impers aye nature of the generkl provilsions as to electoti'Ind elections, at the dloi'og seuthaoc of section 61 itself, at the fact that there may be existing municipalities (see section ,69-mulcipalities,in which no:asepsu ment has been made) In which; just a I the ase, of niily'contitiuted munielpoaiti slt will be neceussrl to fall back pnutlse parliamentary rolls, and:at the geieral scope ndp objaots of the Ast,rasch an latere prejalion would'oeaeo Improbable, 1rR, this ,u'il may.' tl e';duie,' ,offprepering ,and/Irevisi' .tdb municipal lists auder'tbo clspseaboyr, enumerated: ee, sdot the lesst obligatory. , Tre Act directs that these dutieas all be done, at the times in qeestion, in each yeaor, It also gives; an;'abpolpterfghtIlo enrolmest to all 'persons being twenty:one years bf, age; who,'od the 7th pf January in rany year, pre the. occupiers, lessees, orowoers, of, rateable, propertyr &e;" Now, under the'provisions of the 22nd Via, No.-12, section 2, the ?lapicipaities Act of 1867 "has commenced and takln effect" from the 23rd of December last, being the day op.whioh, aoording to official heptcation:ont he copies of siolh Actlissed' ' !fron the go'er'nient press (of which judicial cognis. ance must be taken) It receive the royal assent. All 'its pruvsi?ps,,therefore, are of as full force at the prp, sent rnometits the, will be (if not In' tie mean ?ime' changed) in the moonth of Jnuary, 1869, And again, it must be pointed itt that by the 8th section of the statutel';lrodyl cted-23(V1ot', No.' 12;l itis . 'preslj enacted that ' where the word shall' is applied to the exercise of any power the'boostrlditori) ' 'sbil be that the power conferred must eo exercised."' All the powers and duties, therefore, which are con. .ferred: and'. impod by seoot'one ;6 ',55 , 8 7i 68 .l69, 80,'81; ?,'dd 631 amust b"e''exerclisedald,' 'performed, A?,':'pereoaiailiogu? thi respeact will be pbdinhsble, as the.oirfuatste Sa of, the.cast may require,i'uadsr' section '47 b4'" ection "192.' The government have acted wislct and klndlyl'u diii(b.' lng attention (a(swas done in the ,Gazott of,2Tt? December) to thede lectioiheof the statute lnqae"s.q tlon;'which called for immediate cOtlon. ' Iti to bi . hoped that pefore the limq for holding the municipal j elections sn authortiative· ilpoun will be gien au t whether' or'not' thi pew', munioil' illrto be' used for the piurposr of, these eledctlions It isa but.' justice to'bhe honorable member who 'intr6dooed thi? " ltunicipalities' Dill to add, that If tbe'section i frst elections (60);had bden pa6ed hseltoinl), stoo, nu question? of thl'skind'bould' b?'e rsr - And it is to be feared'tha there ir e yt other'ooiira. dictions and difliculties which will be founbfo have., resulted.from' alterdtidns'made' in the bill"d urio"glits? progress through parlmemnt.. Nevertheless, the measure is a very great.improvement, In many, respects, upon the act of:158.,I'Th'"goveoinmoat-... and the ,colonial;: ecretary !In particular.adesorree' great credit for, the energy and' perseveranoe'whioh 14 have been exerted to bring this measure Ino' lmame" "o 'diat,,operation; andiwill,;doubtless, do, idtythtingt that maybe reasonable to facilitate its' worki'ng.,n In 'the meantime it. will be tbeolear and imperative, duty; of mnnioipal functllonarie,.tO' go odiwith the'; 'preparation of the pletoral.rolls of their reipective"' 'municiplithiejust as if no doubt whatever' had beenu" ? started as to-whq should be voters at the Februaift elecions.] , ,1' n 1Amop t4ts namerooe bush.fires which occrred In "t' the disgtrct arguPd Potey duriong .the pastweek was b•e nesr toith pludy ,Creek road;",olt swept'thebtl' buhb from the Ptmore swamp.ta the sea ooiste?iad left nothing, bu;t bhrred trunks anod:aplidqge. t ItT: rould be very easy now to mrake a dray and carrings track to the becqh,o, I(sosleurables place of reresit tion ani'aeoJoyment were.within the reach.oftan 'American city, its young men would propablythavre IT a'! bee meeting," gq to the locallity in large ndmbers with' their azes and' grubbinghoes, ardndmake good the moans;of, aces;to, themslves and, theirt' " A correspondent supplies the followidg pirticlaret ' w brepectiog t 41sastroue,bush.flre"whick occiurred'kt;? Lane Cove on'yesterdayweek..i 'Berious spprehit. '.sins of,bish'lres in this locality, whichbavi be6di'T entertained for pome time, were realised on Sunday. The'fire' commenced about a mile from MrjIUlagh Ulll's reasdeoce, end awing t tb'estrogeeaaterly 'r4 ,winda then biwlong;, spread,with such rapidity'thbat ln'less than a quarter of an hour the"whole 'of Mn',: llll's :pruamises,. outbuildlogs,,· nd- fsnoedgswret! in nt. ialrslelg'aod re hyel.ale soi snered, and.. thd fare',t is still amoulderlig, It Is feared, that furthbr louie!aicl may be sustalined by otber.resideants in that loceality,. ,. An uofprtunate asdrd ooourredyeterday anormltsg/ in Diaon.street nearoths aoap-kitohoeu,' A nwm..'1A ha oC2'Jroughs" wereatnaultio n a.rsspattblyscia I. dr~ese tnor,;,wh'n Mr.Oampbell (who has '5o suo.' ', ' oselly,. 'managed ,the i soup- ktohenb sin el its, l - establl meat)' ran out ton hisanletances,,A'man.. 1? ro' Patnod ,Jc oph Pixen ,thena 1 ommenooed an t assault': : upon ampbell, wh,. after ?eCodring several blowse,'s ' lot ctinmarid olf hi temper, 'and struck hls aunllanl,'rt" ' with a caring-kolfe which he held inhibe hand andl, infliCtoed k' rery severs wound in the mroanan'lck;,J r near to the sboulder.bone. ..Dixon was subsequently removed to' the olrmary~ bry thpelid aoe adahpit' oil,wh6 goave hlmselfI utou tooedy, w l taken toeth. ?goTde Cook's lyer road itrst were omploolag thsilr :A menon' Stkraturdy to picLk' b.he'loose stonoes f, teir roadllt It es wn ozeeratsod to ly thaoat hrwere -.u sores o1 tons of metrat lying about hIn sucb r maonnt?. as to' he not only uasslre bht dangerous;' 'The elah. p ae't one w orich ougbt to be more largel followed, I'n conasquence of lhb PaoksgerDui, Teasionga) - 'the'eod of I st year very fow ntrla'wore'lldied fot,("1 goo?aia borardth lt th le rrlval from Iondot?'otil .e esterdray, (2nd.January); when two, hundred' arad lt. " seventyrx sbets were pauoed thed valorem" doly 'L o.dTher eld. of lmt.Thomr lIed arot thi .arl.Ih"i sulleat of farto adlloo, In otlt dr 1I dep 10 o in, t greltest le ngth east rod weae twele miles, aid th is aestrase beadb leo than three miles. ,,It It'eone of hei ii 'Wesalndiepo eslaoonof Denmark. It harnggtd ,41' hd T'eievatselaorfucs htlch b n ti Its reateet heigh townrds tho tenteren darodnde 7odids mut regallr a i. ' - bpt ieftenor abruptly to the shore. "It was onhe wail wiodesd'but Js now almoathare, sad fromnthia eanse'~i't! suffr. mosh' from 'a delfciency of'ralnl'; nor 15 the"'i':1 .oil?i.etl e. 'The area uudsriorsp f fw'yearn ad g'e'L rwanllea than three thouund acres,'half of whichu'" were plaoted, with' augarsane. 'The aonborhge Is ,0it elUenleniend s genorally very accure' tlb, opnin'gtn to , seward being Iittldimors ithan a':thoulanidyards. "l, it. Tboms was 'settled bf th0eDnlsh'W odi, - 5-d-t40i ,OoM g Iy , ta~ti6 "'I', WJetndie5 " tjaony's righit were conveyed lo the Kin, who t~re1i open the port to wvesels of all istions. In 1801 the island was given 'up to Great Britain, who b4ld It for ten teonths. To 1802 it was restored to Den oartk.:' In ISO it was, by capitlatilon. once more ' transferred to Great Britain; but ila1816 the Danes again became masters of the scland. Its Imprtls ies * estimated at several million dollars per annum and Its shipping at 'eeeral' bndred thousand tone, not lincluding the British mail, steamers, for which SWater Island is now made the dept. Tortola is an Island near tol that of 8t. Thomas.' It belongs In fact to the aume group, discovered by Columbus in *193,,and called by him' "the'Virgin Isles,'". n "honor of the eleven thousand virgins of the Roman ritual. It is considered the capitalof, the group. .There s nothing in 'our recent news to 'conorm the .statement that*ten 'thonnsd'ppople bad been des .troyed at Tortola, although there can 'be no doubt drom the partioular, which have come to hand thit ,re serious damage hl'sbeen sustained: .1 ~hbe sittings of the :Denilllnua' clrcuit co4rt? tlt 4'oommsence on the13 Id3 stin ,before his Hronor, the Chief-Joutice, who lef4t on. turday. There are lereu'eae esIn the caleodari- ' William 'Fdrd, forgery-and uttering;' 2.' Willim Cadman, arson; ..GeosrgeWe\tter, attempt to commit suicldei 4. JfectorlMo Lean, liroeny;' 6. Patrick Murphy and Thomas Esser, larceny l 6.1 John Williams and -William Brookman, wounding 'with intent to mnor der j, and S. Two chargesof robbery being armed, tainst'John Williams 1'9. Edward Kelly and John I'ace, robbery, being armed 10.' Jobhn.William, ,Wlliam Drokmran; Edward Kelly end John Psyne, robbery being armedS 1: George Webster, murder, The civil eues et'down fbr trial are sit In numbert -Dickson v.iWilabn; Datlot v.Wile6n Itlckelson v, WVilsonr O'Ballvian' and' another' i Keene' 'and another,; Baloshbi ' M Oaughey anAtLodand another . RLobien?onP w n t, e . •. 