TASMANIA. We have Tasmanian papers to the 30th nit. The following is from the Hobart Town Mercury of that date i Gold at Fingal.- The following, from a highly re s peo table and confidential gentleman in Launceston to one equally re j peo table and confidential in Hobart Town, was reoeived on Saturday last, confirmatory of the late news with respeot to the nugget found at Fingal ¡-"In- telligence reached town this morning from the manager of the Union Company's works at Mangana, that the crushing from the new reef in Sharkey's Gally had yielded rather more than half an ounce of gold to the ton, and that the men who were deep sinking in Caldet's Gully-where James Grant's specimen sent to you was found-had discovered a nugget weighing seven ounces seventeen pennyweights. This looks something batter, does it not? if it is only true, and there does now appear to be enoouragement for other men to proBpeot tbe vari- ous gullies leading from Tower Hill, and try deep sink- ing in the valleys below." This was dated Friday, December 27th. A correspondent to the Launceston Examiner sug- gests that the proposed oavaloades of horsemen who are to aooompany the Duke of Edinburgh on his journey from Hobart Town to Launceston should ba dispensed with, and that the Prince would derive muoh greater gratifica- tion from a ride through lines of horsemen drawn up at any of the centres of population he may pass, and would respond with greater heartiness to the British oheers whiob would ring out from the united throats of the assembled crowd, if he was sure that during the re- mainder of his progress he would not be ohoked with dust or deafened by the oeaseleai clatter of horses' feet. We think the suggestion a good one ; II.R.H. must by this time be pretty well tired of ovations and proses sion«. Bush Fires nbab Illawarra,-For several days during the beginning of this week extensive bash fires appeared to have been raging along the Illawarra rangei at different plsoss, from Bulli southward, and we fear several settlers and free seleotors have experienced mach inconvenience and lois from that oame. We har« beon unable to asoertaiu particulars of any oasa, with the ex- ception of Mr. Hicks and Mr. Ford, who reside at North Bulli, and who had all their fences and several other effeot« completely horned, it having bsea with great trouble and exertions that they «ucoeeded in saving their house« from becoming a prey to the surrounding flame« We heve heard that several houses and muoh property wa« destroyed from the same oame at Wiogeoarribbe« at the ««me time.-mawarra Mercury, January 3rd» 