TOWN AND COUNTRY. r'M -'jjupARTiniE op General ChutJ!.— Major-Gcncral Sir ''? ' ^Trevor Chute loft on Tuesday afternoon by the steamer City : '??& Melbourne, for Melbourne. , ?. 'Communion Sehvice, PuRsented to 6t. Pbter's ;' ?'?'' ' Chuuch, Stusby.— Mr. P. H. Dangar ban presented to St.* Peter'*, Sydney, a Bplcndid communion service, of sterling silver, for the use of that church. This munificent '?' present (expressly imported into thin colony for the donor 1 toy Messrs. Hardy, jewellers and goldsmith*,* of Hunter- ? Bttucl) consists of a massive flagon (or vessol for holding the uncongecrated mud two large chances, a paten, ana two plates— the paten and plates being scxagonal in shape, and beautifully ornamented at the outorjrims. The flagon is fifteen inches and a half high from the massive base to the crowilct on the top of the cover of the vessel. On one \- of its Hides is the following inscription : — ' Presented to St. Peter's Church, Sydney, by V. H. Dongar, Esq., 1867.' On the other side of the flagon, and on each of fho chalicos, is the sacred monogram, 'I.H.8.,' in the: ? . centre of a star- formed nimbus. The two chalices (which arc similar in every respect) are nine inches and three quarters high, ana arc remarkable not only for the exquisite proportion manifested in the original deniKn, but for the unusual excellence of the workmanship. 'fue cup of men has evidently been modelled after a species of lily, spreading outwards at the rim, the exterior surface being relieved by bold lines, at distinct intervals, after the fashion of the flower represented. The stem of the chalice is . large and delicately chased, but not too elaborately, (it having been evidently the intention of ihe artist to have it left so as to harmonise with the whole Tho knob (as it is technically termed) is of soliS silver, richly ornamented ; the base, being also 'highly wrought, largo, and of a Hexagonal form. Tho pston and plate's— to bo used at the consecration of the breed and at the distribution afterwards — arc each about ten inches in diameter, decorated, ccntrcwisc, with the monogram, like the chalices and the flagon. At the several ' points of those three lasUdescribod vessels (tbo goneral design of which is elaborate without departing from a chaste simplicity) is a trefoil in high relief, emblematical of tho Holy Trinity. This munificent present ? made by Mr. Dangar to St. Peter's Church (of which th« Bov. G. H. Morcton in tha renpnrfed pastor) will shortly be handed over to the officers of that parochial church. Some idea of tho value of this service may be formed when it is stated ?? 'that it weighs, altogether, upwards of 131 ounces. FniMmvE Methodist Ceatel, Ckown-bthket, Wooixoomooi.oo.— This place of worship has been com pletely remodelled and improved by Mr. Thomas Rowe, architect. The old roof has been replaced by a new one, ' ihc walls raised, and the old windows next the lane have 'toon built up. The front windows have been altered and lengthened, and new ones opened in the side at a considcr ? 'able height from the ground. The interior has been altered end artistically finished. The old pulpit has boon replaced ' by a new rostrum and communion railing- of polished cedar ; and the chancel is ornamented with a round arched ' ,' window with stained glass, arches, and labels. The win dows are filled in with stained glass, and a sunlight adorns, the centre of the ceiling. The exterior of tho church has bom 80 much improved that it is hardly recognisable. The porch is decorated with columns and arches, ?'' . and tho fronts ? with labels, copings, and bosses. ' ' ?- The Crown-street front has an ornamental inscription, and is crowned by a foliated fmial. , '?'? The contractor who carried out the alterations and addi . tions was Mr. Mintz. The church was reopened on Sun , ; day but, when three sermons were preached, — that in the : ??' Morning by the B«v. 3. Sharpc, that in the afternoon by . . Ihc Rov. Dr. Steel, and that in the evening by the Eev.-W. ' ? Slatyor. A very largely attended tea meeting, followed by .'.'' a public meeting, was held in the building on Monday '' : evening, when the meeting was suitably addressed by the . . . 'Rev. F'. James, the Rev. J. WGibbon, the Rev. J. Bharno, ?' ' and other ministers, and a considerable amount for the enlargement fund was collected. . Sydney Mckicifax. Council.-; A special meeting of '?' tho Municipal Council of Sydney was held on Tuesday ., afternoon, at the Town Hafl, Wynyard-Bquare, for tho purpose of considering a motion by Alderman Steel, to rescinds resolution of date the 6th August last, adopting the address proposed to be presented to his Uoyal Uighness ' \- .. tho. Duke of Edinburgh, on his arrival at Sydney ; and i: for adopting an address from the Mayor and Aldermen in ' '' Council assembled.. There were present his Worship the 3Iayor(in the chair), and Aldermen Caraher, Steel, Kidman, ? '.',' 'Woods. Hurley, Benny, Bradford, Chapman, Kippax, Sutler, Sutherland, Macintosh, Pntehard, and Hurphy. Alderman Steel moved, 'That the following resolution, which was passed ' by the council on Gth August last, be rescinded: — 'That, in accordance with the -recommenda- tion' of the Financial Committee, a congratulatory . address be presented by the Ri^ht Worshipful the Mayor,' as the representative of the citizenavto his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh 'on his arrivalin Sydney.' ' A very ? lengthy and animated discussion took place, subsequently (he Mayor said that from the expression of opinion of all the aldermen, it was evident that his only plan was to , rule the motion out of order. And he did so because the address had been prepared in strict accordance with a reso lution passed by the 'council, and had been - approved of; after certain amendments had been made, by the Finance . Committee. The address was forwarded to Mr. O'Neili die, same day, with instructions for him to proceed with the 'engrossing. And further, written instructions were given to Mr, O'Neill on the 31st December to complete. the address without delay. The council then separated, several of the aldermen expressing their dissatisfaction at the Mayor's ruling. KOBBEEY PROM THE REOISTBAU-GENERAL'S OFFICE. —We understand Uiat «? »khnrr of cash- boles from tho Registrar-General's Office took place Tjerwueu «?* ~-.y evening last and Monday morning. The boxes contained about £200 which had been received a* foes. It is not long einco that a considerable sum of money was extracted from the Supreme Court offices. Independent City Mission Chatk..— A tea meeting, followed by a numerously attended public meeting, was held on Monday evening in the new Independent City Mission Chapel, comer of Liverpool and 8ussex streets, to comme morate the opening of tto chapel. Mr. John Sutherland, M.L. A., presided. The treasurer, Mr. W. Pidgeon, read a statement of the financial affairs of the church, from which it appeared that during the past year nearly £1000 had boon collected from all sources. The treasurer stated that during the forthcoming year he hoped to raise £250,pshioh sum would be sufficient to free the church from debt. The meeting was addressed by the rfmimmn, the Rev. J. P. Sundedand, Rev. N. Pidgcon, Bev. E. Robinson, ttev. Mr. Robson, Rev. T. Roseby, and Alderman Kippjtx, and was brought to a close about 10 o'clock, after a considerable sum had boeon subscribed by those present towards the liquidation of the debt. ? * Small Dobe Rifle Club. — A meeting of the Com mittee of this Club was held at the Volunteer Brigade office on Tuesday afternoon, when adraft report of the proceedings of the Club for the past year, to be presented to the annua . general meeting, fixed for Monday next, was submitted and . approved af /The President's year of office having, in the opinion of the Committee, terminated, (having been elected on the 11th January, 1867,) it was resolved that no further competition for the prize presented by that gentleman, hhould take place. This Jeciflion will leave Mr. Lynch the ?winner of the President's prize of £25, and Mr. Slade, the winner of the Club prize, of £6. ? ? TatB or Entry for Goods Imported.— The follow ing is the bill to amend ' An Act to provide for tho general Regulation of the Customs in Now South Wales' as to the time allowed for entering goods:— 1. The seventeenth section of tho Act ninth Victoria, number fifteen is hereby. ^ repealed. 2. If the importer, owner, or consignee of any goods shall not within three clear working days after the date of entry of the ship importing the same (if a Bailing vessel), or one clear day (if a steamer), make entry of such goods, the mastaavowncr, or agent of such ship may imme diately, on tho expiration of such working day or days enter and land such goods, and the officers of Customs shall convey the same to the Queen's warehouse, or other approved place of security, and if -ho duties payable on anvsach goods shall not be paid within three months from tho date of landing thereof, together with all charges of freight, removal, and ware house rent, Buch goods may bo sold and tho produce thereof applied first to the payment of freight and charges, next of duties, and' the overplus, if any, shall be paid to the owner ' of tho goods, on hiB application. But if any goods bo landed shall be of n perishable or explosive nature they may be sold forthwith, and the produce applied in like manner. : Disoeacefil Conduct.— The practico of breaking .,' windows is much in vogue at the present time, but the persons who indulge in this species of pastime have hitherto confined thcmsclvoe to nothing larger than a brickbat ; on Sunday morning, between -the hours of 2 and 3 o'clock, three men were standing together in Phillip-stroot, one of '. whom deliberately threw a sodawater or a huge pickle botUo at tho windows of a house in Laurfston-terrace. The bottle struck the comer of the wall— the French windows being slightly open the time — and with such force, that it was smashed Uto small fragments, a quantity of which flew Into the room and scattered over it. Had tho bottle struck toe f' lags in the doors, it is next to impossible that a child lopping contiguous could have escaped serious injury from 1 . ' ' the broton pieces. That portion of TmTlip-Btrect in tho ?vicinity of tho Presbyterian ChapeL has now boconio a ; place of notoriety to all except the police, from the rowdies, ' both old and young, who make it their head quarters. . Meetinob fob United Pjuy'eu.— A vory impressive ? service, tiiu lust of tho scries of nioetinp-.bold ia this city during thcjircsont week, and also a united Communion .' service, toot place ia tho Pitfc-strcet CongregaUonal Church , , ' , j. on 10th .instant. .There was a large attendance of' . .,.; ministers and members of various churches. . After de 1 votionol cxorciBos and singing the. Rev* Adam Thomson delivered ancloquont addrosg, taking for his text, Genoslsj . . ^9lh chapter, lOii ivorso, J'The peepjic shall not popart froni ' ' ; ' * ' ^udoh, iior a lawgiver, from pctwocu 'tis f eet until ' ' ?fihUob comb,' ana pointed out tho identity of Shiloh with ' - ' the Messiah by his lineage, tun,o of coming, and the part: ' '? ' fulflhiiojit of the jatriorchVs prophecy, by -tho1 Rowans , V Staking away ihe .Bceptre from Judah after the advent of ; ' ' 'the Messiah; tlio universal attraction of Shiloh already . ' ' jpartjplly fuliillod, and tho still grander and complote fulfll ?' ''' )nent yet fa teke1 plaob. Tho Rov.'J, B.laughteh having offered a pVsyor, the ordinraioo W tho Lord's B^ppor \t!\p ' ' admijiiEtorea 1)V tho Bcv. J. Grnuani, who delivered on , ' - uddress on \b$ words of ,1heapoeHo, ' Looking utoo Jesus ' ' ' tho Suflipr find finisher of dur faith,' end impressively ' ' ','.? urged tbonaoassityof Wtal religion and unity amongst pro *' ? ' ' fessing Christians. Tho Bov. T. 'Johnson cnjjragca.in prayer, and after singing a hvnin the sorvicee yore copcludod wifh prayer Vy O-c Rev. II. H. Gaud, President, of the. Wt'«loj-nn Confororioo; A collodion wns mhflo of tor the .Comuiunivu. suqice « aid v£ Hit Syduty &}' MUsiw, Vfjjtwuxr Attxtukiiv Ohoboh 8«0t«TV.— Tne an nual meeting of tUis socicrr was held on Tuesday i* St. Mar/'e Bchoolroom, WavcrlBy. and inu presided overly the Bishop of Sydney. The Rev. Stanley Mitchell read the ninth annual report, which showed thai the amount of money contributed during the past year was in excess of that contributed in any yew «ince the formation of this auxiliary. The sum of £65 had been sent to the parent society as a ?free contribution. The clargymsn's stipend bad been paid without any extra parochial assistants.', and all other expenses of the parish have been met, notwithstanding a hundred pounds had been expanded in repairs, Ice.., to the church. The committee tendered their thanks to those ladies who have -so zealously per formed the duties of collectors, and expressod their hope that those -lidies would continue their labours, and. that similar success might attend their efforts. The committee also earnestly trusted that the adoption of the society Vj the Bynod would result in more liberal support being given to it, end a better recognition of iU usefulness. The Jlcv. S. Mitchell expressed his regret that the treasurer, Mr. R. Newman, and the secretary, Mr. R. H. Maddock, had resigned their respective offices. In place of these gentle men, Mr. Edward Rayncc was elected treasurer, and Mr. George Wright was elected secretary. The Dishop of Sydney remarked that (he 'con tribution from the Wavcrlcy Auxiliary to ' the parent society wets larger than that from any other district, le then proceeded to give an account of the operations of tho Church Society, of the careful manner in which the funds were expended; and he pointed out a few tnstanocs, where, by iu instrumentality, places of worship had been erected, and the ordinances of religion provided in neigh bourhoods where, in consequence of tho smallncss of the population, the people would otherwise have been left destitute of religious instruction. He sincerely hoped that the parishioners of Wovorley would continue to show their zcal for the good of the Church, and the spread of the Gospel as they haa done la tho past, aud that the contributions would utiH ooatinue to increase in amount year byyc*r. The Rev. S. Mitchell movesd. tho adoption of the report. The motion was seconded by Ihe Rev. Z. Barry, who congra tulated the people of Wavcrlcy in having raised such a considerable Bum of money, notwithstanding the general depression of the times. The motion was carried. The Rev. G . H . Morcton moved Ihc second resolution, as follows : — 'That this meeting desires to return thanks to the great Head of the Church for the blowing which has attended tho effort* of this aurUiftry during the past year, and pur poses, in reliance upon Divine assistance, to continue it« exertions on behalf of the Church Society.' In moving the motion, ho instanced some of the good results which had attended (he operations of the society in the city, as as well as in the interior of tho colony. The motion was seconded by Mr. Druitt, and carried unanimously. Mr. Edward Rayncs moved, ' That the thanks of this meeting be accorded to Mr. R. Mr. Newman, who has filled the office of treasurer to this society since its formation, and for the efficient manner in which he has performed those duties ; also that the thanks of this meeting be accorded to the secretary, Mr. R. II. Maddock, for his assiduous attention to the duties pertaining to the office of secretary for the ? past two years.' The motion was seconded by Mr. Mackenzie, and carried. A vote of thanks was given to the Bishop for presiding, and the meeting closed. ' The Public Schools Actv — On Monday evening the Rov. Dr. Lang delivered a lecture in the Scots* Church, Church-hill, the subject of which was, 'The Public Schools Act and its Romish Recusants.' The Hon. S. J-. Gordon, occupied the chair. There was a numerous attendance. The rev. gentleman com menced his lecture by giving a brief historical account of the attempt made during Sir Richard BoftJ-kc'e time, to establish in the colony what was known as the Irish National System of Education, and of the support and approvol-wliich that system met with at the hands of Dr. UllaOiome, Roman Catholic Bishop in the colony at the rime (1835), and his subordinate the Rtev. J. M'Encroc, both of whom advocated the adoption of that system at a meeting, held at the Pulteney Hotel, now the Australian. Club-house. At that time tho Romish authorities in the colony were strongly in favour of the IrithNational -system, wteti ho maintained was identical with the Public Schools Act of 186«. The lecturer then passed on to notice Mr. Robert Lowe's (select committee which was appointed in 1844, and which, after a long and careful examination wifli different svstoms, brought up a report strongly in f avouTJif tho Irish' Is ational system. He next spoke at some length on tlio National and Denominational systems -which were in vogucuntil the passing of the late Act in 1866, and pointed out the oVjjec tions which had been raised Against the late Act by Roman Catholics. He briefly noticed the' lecture recently delivered by tho Rev. Dr. Forrest, on the subject of 'education, in the Masonic HalL and read some extracts from school .books. which the Rev. Dr. Forrest had regretted hod not been introduced 'into ihe books to.' be used under the Public Schools Act. He considereed-that the -object of the recent' refusal to' »How -ae-atrthoriscn- inspectors to examine into the. state of some of -the Romish schools in this city and neighbourhood was to get up a case of alleged martyrdom. A great cry had also been raised both within and without the .walls of Parliament for a disso lution of the Assembly.: The ? movement.for . a dissolution, had been got up evidently with the hope that under gating circumstances there would be a large addition to the Roman CatholiC members of. the Assembly, and that the Public Schools Act would be repealed or be so changed in its character, as to suit the wishes of Roman Catholics. In case a dissolution should' take place he reminded the audience of the duty of Protestants and especially of ?Presbyterians on such an occasion. The lecture was listened to with much interest by those present, and at its conclusion e vote of thanks was given to the rev. lecturer. Tub Shagging Operations in the Mcekay River. — ***w**»*f 'JiaJctver hag again retmmoA its ordinary1 low . summer level tsays'roe~TF'b^yc» *H-j j **- JfopmtA wif j?Fr'lff operations, under the superintendence *-f Mr. LabbaU, bP tweenthis town and Gundagai are being vigorously pro ceeded with. Since the floods of hut autumn put a stop to the work many additional appliances have been procured, and much time and labour has not been unprofitably ex pended in perfecting the arrangements and completing the preparations for the ensuing season's campaign. A good serviceable lighter, drawing about two feet of water, has been built at Gundagai for the reception of the eteam winch, and the engine and boiler to set it in motion. The lighter with its freight is now afloat and in work Ing order near Gundagai. Half a dozen new punts have also been irailt. Three of these have been fitted up with hind winches, and the three remain ing ones are we hear to be shortly similarly supplied. Each punt is to be accompanied by two smaller ones to *ct as tenders, and to afford (he necessary facilities to the men em ployed to affix (ho chains to the snags to be removed, and to saw them in two when necessary. Eight of these little punts are completed, and the remaining anes are now being constructed near (lie junction, of the Tarcutta Creek. The three punts in use but year have all been thoroughly over hauled and repaired, and the whole fleet will now shortly be distributed over different portions of the river, and until the waters again rise will be actively engaged in removing .all obstructions to the . navigation from its bed. Three of (he punts, each with a working party at tached, have been stationed respectively at five, ten, and fifteen mileg above Wagga Wagga, Bud since the 14th of last month have been actively engaged in snogging operations. In seventeen days' time, inrlnding Sundays and holidays, a navigable channel of 161 chains, or nearly two miles u length, m» been cleared, and in this space no lees than 212 heavy snags averaging six feet in girth and twentv-flve feet in length have been removed. No attemp is mode to remove the enags near die banks, as it is found that a channel is much more easily maintained by simply removing all obstructions from the centre of the stream. The heavy logs that were removed but year to the banks below water mark, have not, it is found, been shiftei by the floods, and it is stated that not only have they acted as a break-water to the banks and prevented their washing away, but that they have also tended to confine the action of the stream and to keep open and to deepen the cleared channel. If this rule holds good in all parts of tho river's course one-half of the difficulties in maintaining a navigable channel in it will vanish. All the snagging parties are working down stream. Tho 'nearest is only about two miles above the town, and as soon as these two miles have been cleared operations below the bridge Kill be commenced. ? During the present summer, if no floods intervene, a good channel wo ore told will be opened up for the whole distance between Gundagai and this town. Supposing the river to fco rendered navigable by the time named, where are (he steamers ooming from!1 Perhapis tbo traders of the district will answer the question. The FiNBnfo op Human Remains at Wombo.— The 1 tion, with reference to the discovery of the human remains at Wombo, has reached us from a highly respectable authority. It appears that about thirty years ago, a hawker, travelling with his cart and stock-in-trade, and accompanied bv his wife and two children, passed through this district 'towards Wombo, where he and his little family were known to sottlo for a time. They wore, however,' suddenly missed, along with their goods. As this was thon thought somewhat suspicious, (he police searched in all quarters for them, without finding any trace of the itinerant traders, and nothing to this day has over been hoard' with respect to them. It ie pretty well known that about the time of the disappoarance of the above parries, a number of very daring Government men were employod in erecting the old Cockflghter's Bridge, near the place, and as it has been pretty distinctly proved that a pick or some liko instrument had been used to com mit (hb murder,' and that some of the men employed at tho bridge usod instruments of tho above description, some of those men are naturally associated with the commission of the awful crime, but after' such a lapse of time it is hard to say whethqrihc guilty one are yet alive of ' gone to their Account,'' : , '??'?'. . ? .ACnocmBT. Needle 'extracted pbum a Gihl.— iOn Wednesday morning last (says tho Newcastle C/iroiiiete)A surgical operation' vras successfully performed by Drr Harris, of thle City, on a little girl about bix years pf -age,1' dauglitcr'of Mr, Edward Perry, of Brown-sfrobf. | It. ap Crt that on Boxing Day tho child, who had boon^rpm ne.'on returning oompuiined to its parents of a pain in its Kido, but no particular attention was than paid* tortile* matter, as 'jt'wosiieUevod the injury was ocdasloned by a fall. The pain, however,' still continuing, it wat thought advisable to obtain .inbdioal advice upon tho matter^ and ' with tlmt object in view tho child was taken (o (lie ^urgery of Dr. Hams, in .Htnter-Btroet, Iwhore an examination having; been mode, tho' proscnoe of some foreign eubstanco in horbody wag discovered. Hi-modiosi'wero ncjoWlnely proscribed and applied until tho abovenamed morning, whoa a pitce of crochet neodlo about three inches i4 length was dxtnuied frcm'ttie girl'a'Bide, elnco whloa tini'. fclic has recovered, NvwtO Wh .— The annual public meeting of the Newtowm branch .of tho Australasian Wcsloysn Misrionarr Society was held on Monday, Mr. W. jVFotfer presiding. The secretary, Mr. Fallict, read an abstract of ? the ?society's report, from which, it appeared that the contributions of tho Newtown branch amounted to the sum of £67 10s. The Rev. H. H. Gaud (President of Conference), Rer. James Bullcr,of New Zealand, Rev. G. H. Holmes, and Rev. W. Kclynack addressed the meeting, which was brought to a close in the usual form shortly before 10 o'clock. Highway Robbebt at Uvbbanoovo.— On Monday eight, 6th instant, a man named Hall, a fruiterer, was ? stuck-up by a single highwayman, about one mile from the Burrabgong Hotel, on ''the Grenfeli Road, and robbed of £13 4s. Trevioas to stopping Hall fsayB the A rgus), the robber called at Musgrave's Hotel, and wanted to purchase a loaf of bread, with which it appears (hey could not supply him. During the time that he was easing Hall of his cash, ho told him that Musgrave would not sell him a loaf of bread, and that he was a mean fellow for refusing to do so. By this acknowledgment he unwittingly disclosed who he was, for, although disguised when he robbed Hall, he. was not when he wished to purchase - the bread at Mus gravo's. The name of the robber is said to be Kenny, and as be is known and the police are on his track, we shall no tioubt be able to report his capture in our next Issue. A Bplkkdid Clip.— The wool on the Riverine stations for the past seanon has not only been much better washed, and necured in far better order than usual, but the clip, owing perhaps to the abundance of grass and the exception able fineness of the season, has also in very many cases shown a decided improvement over previous years in the weight yielded per head. As an instance of this, we ( Wagga ll'Offpa iixprai) may refer to the Humula station, where we believe we shall be correct iu stating that 41,981 sheep have been washed and shorn, and that from these CSS oales of clean wool have been obtained ; the net weight being within a fraction of seventy-throe tons, or an average of within about an ounce of four pounds per fleece. The Suicide at Wallsend— .A very painful im pression was created through Ihis township (says1 a corres pondent of theNewcastle Pilot, by a rumour that a nun named David Lamb had taken his life, by hanging himself early on Thursday morning, 9th instant. The report proved to be correct, and from what I have been able to glean, up to 1 o'clock to-day, the following are the par ticulars of the melancholy soar : — Lamb had been staring for some days pact at Mr. Scott's, Blue Bell Inn, and, it . would appear,had been drinking very freely. On Wednesday night he appeared to be suffering from the effects of over indulgence in intoxicating drinks ; and it is imagined that while in (his state he proceeded to the stable at the end of the hotel, tied a pair of bridle reins to one of the rafters and by landing upon the manger managed to suspend himself by the neck. He was discovered thus hanging when he was immediately cut down, and Dr. Gilder sent for, but when that gentleman arrived life was Quite extinct. We have been informed that he leaves a wife and nine children almost unprovided for. It is stated that Lamb has been a resident of Seaham, Williams River, and had gained a livelihood by farming. Fiue at Maksdek.— The Burrangong Argm reports that a fire of rather a serious nature occurred on Saturday evening, 4th instant, at Morsdcni Bland. It commenced at the kitchen of the Wand Hotel, it then caught the hotel itself, of tcTwards'Uie Post-offioe, all of which wore totally destroyed. Nearly everything of oonsoquanae was removed to a place about twenty yards in front of tho hotel, where it was thought the fire would not have any effect, the con traly-ntifortunntely proved the case ; Ihe wind was blowing rntlior hard at the time, which assisted (he devouring ele ment, and (he goods removed, consisting of furniture, wines, . spirits, stores, tec, were nearly all destroyed, only a chiffo nicrc, two gallons of spirits, and a meat safe being saved. A sum of £40 in notes and coin was also destroyed, although some of the latter has been recovered in a melted form. ' The amount of damage done is about £300. Mining Matters at Grekpell.— In the 'Mining ' ? Report' of the Eurrangong Argus we findthe following : —During the past fortnight thcze.has beenpo 'sensation' crushing, uqjess it be that kind of sensation that arises from disappointment, for most assuredly the comparatively, small yield of 622. oz. from 392 tons ofquarte, :crushed from No. 1 North (O'Brien's), was a disappointment, the yield being estimated, before crusting, by many experienced reefers, at 800 oz. Of course, wben the machines do not turn out a yield equal to the expectations of jclaim-lwlders, every reason for the diminished yield is 'given but (he right one— that 'is, that the gold; was; not in the stenc. At no time is if a satisniciory task to ?please the public, and particularly difficult is it to mjrform . isuch a duty in quartz crushing. . With such, a, yield as :1£ oz. to the ton, and a reef averaging nino feet in width, we are inclined to think that the shareaolderE in such a ; claim may be looked up to as fair -samples of what, is so , much admired— namely, ' lucky recfere.' , The disappointment in the result of the crushing from No. % North '(O'Brien's) ?was if possible, still greater. .Here ounces were expected, ? the result being .pennyweights. . The lot of . 320 tons from this claim was crushed . at the Brundah : Coi's and M'Connell's .machines, (he yield being slightly under .300 oz. Before the crushing, £1200 was offered for. a one-sixth share in this claim, and. refused. Thetngure' now would bo much lower. The Brundah Company are crushing a large lot from No. 1 South (O'Briea'e), the yield of which will, from appearances,1 exceed that of the 'same number ? northwards, rione of the machines have finished up the lots they arc now engaged crushing, so that no report of the exact yields can be obtained. The crashing power now available -tor public asi is about 600 tons a-weefe —an amount that will be increased by the middle of next week to 900 tons by the completion of Bruyeres and Co.'s machine, at the Tyagong1, of a crashing power of 120 tons; Campbell's, at the Company's dam, of 60 tons; Parker and Co., at the some water, of 120 tons, to be ultimately 200 tons on the arrival of the additional stampers ordered. With such an amount of sassur aftssa *a *j ?*« come steadily jicrease~%e doul* ..Tthat, »S the immense quantity of stone now raised is--c-a_wdut diminished, that a movement will be made to reduce the prise of crushing to a figure that will enable poor and patch; reefs to be profitably worked, which twenty shillings per ton does not encourage. On Saturday last Wellington's machine was started at Lankey's dam. It had been re moved to here from Eurongilly. It is an eight-stamper, and has been carefully erected. In alluvial mining there is nothing to report. Indeed (his branch of joining indnstry appears to be rapidly dying out. All the old workings are almost deserted, the only tenants being fos sickers, who, in these altered times, are content to work ground (hat was considered by the first workers as not pay able. The Seven-mile looks destrted, and its large street of stores and public houses is positively melancholy : but there will be a renewed activity when a water supply- is convenient. For mining Durposea there has not been water for the past two months there, the domestic supply being obtained from sinking in toe vicinity of the Tyagong Creek, some three miles distant. Fatal Result of a Bush Fibe.— On Saturday after noon, 4th instant, information was brought into Orange that the bush in the direction of Ploughman's Creek, being tho portion between tho two raids, was on fire, and rapidly extending towards the township.. A number of the citizens, accompanied by the police, proceeded to the spot, and succeeded in extinguishing the flames* The origin of tho fire was as follows :— Aft elderly couple, living in a tent in tho neighborhood, perceived a snake enter a hollow log, and to destroy it the husband set fire to the surrounding, grass. The flames imme diately spread, though it is enaent the couple used every exertion in their power to prevent it. It is sad to state that the woman was so severely burned, that, although removed to the hospital, wbre every attention was paid to her, death, ended her BuffiKngs on Wednesday evening. The injuries sustained werpprincipally at the back of the body, portions of which wen actually roasted. Either the flames communicated with/her garments, when she was endeavouring to cxtinguishihe flames — she being unaware of the bet until too late; -05 in order to secure a number ef little, things which were $-und close to her, she remained too long at the tent, and this the catastrophe ensued. The husband, it will be seen frail our police report, suffered the penalty ofthe law forhisiarelessneas. The unfortunate's name was Margaret Bell an elderly woman well known about tho town. An injuest was held on lho body on Thursday. On the same lay another bush-fire occurred in the neighbourhood of Salon's farm, but was extinguished with no further accident nan the destruction of a few rods of fencing.— Weittrn Sxhimier. SucKiNO-rp &t; Sa»jv Cbeek.— A correspondent of the Artm dale Express ayes the following account of the kenzie's bouse at Sandy /reek, near Oilers :— Mr. Macken zie and a Mr. Peel weregoing out of the door at the back; of tho house, when two len — one armed with a pistol, and the other with a gun— Uld them to toil up, or they would blow their brains out. Mrs. Mackenzie, hearing a noise, came out, and she she vas also made stand out in the yard. One man was left to srich them, and the other went into the housennd ordered Srs. Buchanan, who was sitting in the verandah, to go Into the yard also. I may mention that one of the men. 'was disguised by having his face covered by his UondkeiMef , and holes cut for his eyes. He also had 'large, trousers on, and was evidently ' made up.' Ho studiously avoid*! speaking. When they had pot all the inmates ' bailed ip,' the other man said to the dis gnjBcd one — ' Mate, fou go in, as you know the run of the place.' They then rinsaeked the 'house, but it was evident ' they onlv wanted* (noney, as they .-kept asking them where tliey kept (leir money. After they had kept Mr. Mackenzie anil family out in tho yard for about an hour, one of th) party Vcquiring a drink of .water, they asked permission to bo allowed to let the servant girl go to thc- cask of water, whioh was at tho. bad; of the 'kitchen. Wbcn th/girl got there sho made a' bolt of it up to tho farm, some lilf a mile 'from the house, where thbiie were nine wen, ? sono of them reapers, and they had three «uns. Would roubejjcyfi'itp. tho girl could not get: one of those curs to cojnepici Arirti htr.' If you publish, this re wort, Ihope voii wil t*ow these nine ' Aeroes' up as they deserve. The lobbors soon missed the : girl, aud , threatened to pum the . place down; it is be lieved 'they ftould :hdve . done so if . Mrs. Buchanan -had not' offered to go into ? the j house and give up her p/ira?, ffliMI ahe djd/,*_On her retiftn, she eaid, 'Oh, there is some one. coming, and th?y so/ Hvh'at atthotuhp'lookcl like a Itian; but which aftorwa/1. turned out to be « horse feeding. Tlio robliers tlienJ'- They took nothiMf1Uat.'aoWX- ' -A*!!8'. m6n?ion %£,„♦ nine Sandy Croi '.luroos1,1 planted their guns, anjponv to'liea.'7lt is 'MiBVed'lUaf tliepnriJes who oomimV* f'8' joibory .arc the *apie''-\vho broke .into fha:OUori«0™ *n. cffimasDiw.' Imust sny I think ,tho PjWould be far bettor einpVcd going uWt to theBo out-if™'' aow j cud again, than, In collecting tlio electoral roll,/ COHNCBIAL DiITBliENCES.— Thorns* Simpson (the,r»«« Courier reports) was charged on the complaint of his wife, Maria, with having assaulted and beat her, on (he 2nd instant. Defendant pleaded not guilty. Maria Simpson deposed : I am a married woman, and the defendant is my husband ; on Thursday last he came home ; X saw he had drink ; he 'called me names for giving a man a loaf of bread and a glass of ale ; he caught hold of me and threw me out of tho door ; I ran to die fence and picked up a stick and hit him two or three times ?with it ; he locked the door of the house, and after that he caught hold of me by the hair of the head and draegod me into the street and kicked me as long as he couM, while I was down on my belly end aim. [The com plainant bared her arm and exhibited sundry black and blue marks on it to tho magistrates, stating that these were nothing to what were on other parts of not body.] After that I went to the other end of the yard ; his language was most fearful. [To defendant : Yes, it was, Tommy.] He knocked me down and took from me all the money I bid, and left ino without a shilling. fTo defendant (with emphasis] : Yes, you did, you know \C\ I work for my living in a decent honest way, which is more than he does. [Com plainant, throwing up her head, and looking accusingly towards her husband, There will be more found out yet. J To defendant : You asked me for the money ; I would not give it you because I worked for it ; I was perfectly sober, and I can bring all North Yass to prove I was so ; I did break open the door, for why should. I be locked out of my own house. The magistrates considered the assault'provea, and fined defendant fn the sum of |£2 with costs of Court, or in default to be imprisoned one month in Yass gaol. He sftid he could not pay the fine. 