BUNBURY From our own Correspondent. From the Blackwood we have good news,. Mr Assistant Surveyor Carey being engaged lotting out a new townsite at Geegelup— a position admirably adapted for a town, being close to the bridge which forms the connecting link between the Wellington, Sussex, and Nelson districts. We hear there are likely to be a considerable number of applications for the allotments, and as the land is good, and the district progressing, the speculators will doubtless benefit by tbe investments. We also learn that our most hospitable brother settler Mr. Edward Hester is importing a steam mill, with which he will grind corn pro bono - publico." This is another step in the right direction, and as the old fashioned idea of keeping out the poor man, is passing away from among us, and the settlers generally invite purchasers on to their runs, we may most certainly, in the course of time, expect to see the district with a thriving population and a useful class of yeomanry, who, instead of being a drawback to the squatter, will purchase his meat, and afford him welcome assistance during busy, seasons, supporting at the same time the trade and industries of the inland towns. We are well aware that the pastoral land in this colony is not of sufficient extent to feed the immense flocks we read of in tbe sister colonies, but there is sufficient room to enable the pastoral and agricultural inter- ests to advance hand in hand, by which system cf mutual assistance and co-operation the colony will eventually become the comfortable home of many who are now beginning to Iook upon the past as a mistake, and apply their experience to a brightening future. All honour to those men who, at the late election, said, 'Come, and, we will give you land. Unity is strength^ -Let as help one another." Bush- fires have been very extensive, and we hear of several instances where travellers have had to make desperate charges through fire and smoke before they could proceed on their journey. Fortu nately no serious individual loss has come under notice, and we look forward to the first rains, which will change the aspect of the country from the blackness of desolation to the verdure and bright flowers of an Australian Spring. March 25, 1868. 