\- BUSH-FIRES IN GIPPS LAND. DESTRUCTION OF THE TOWNSHIP OF GLADSTONE. (FROM: THE GIPPS LAND TIMES, Dec. 29.) Christmas Eve, 1869, will be long remem- bered by those who, on the morning of that memorable day, were preparing for holding the Christmas festival at Gladstone. The people of-Sale, Stratford, Maffra, Rosedale, and the other towns and villages situated upon the Gipps Land plains, will recollect that Thursday last was remarkable for heat, and that the hot, or rather burning wind, which blew in strong and fitful gusts from the north-west, seemed as if it had been heated in a cauldron, or had passed through an im- mense furnace. But if the inhabitants of the plains have reason to remember the heat and scorching winds of that day, how much more so have the people of the mountains, over whom the fire actually passed. The history of the little gold- field hamlet known as Gladstone is easily told. It sprung into existence immediately after the discovery of gold in Maximilian Creek, a tributary of Freestone Creek, some twelve months ago, and was situated about fifteen miles beyond Stratford and twenty-seven from Sale. At one time the population amounted to be- tween 200 and 300 miners within a radius of two miles. Nuggets weighing from two and three ounces to as many pounds have been occasionally found within a few yards of the hamlet ; but as the run of gold was supposed to be broken, and found only on choice spots on the creek, tho population became scattered. Still, Gladstone was considered the township, and the diggers who had not very far to travel to their work, made it their home. A number of neat little cottages were erected by those who had families, one general store, kept by Messrs. Spurling and Mitchell, supplied the inhabitants with provisions ; a butcher's shop was kept by Mr. Gilder, and Mr. Heritage distributed the staff of life from a moderate sized baker's shop. Altogether, with places of business, cottages, and huts, there were between twenty and thirty buildings on the creek. Maximilian Creek, like all the tribu- taries of the Avon River, is bounded by high banks, densely timbered with stiingy bark, box, apple-tree and wattle saplings, almost netted together with thick underwood, so that a bush fire could not possibly be confined to one side of the stream. The inhabitants had, however, no apprehension that they would be visited by any such calamity, because the ranges for some miles round had been under fire some four or five weeks previously, and they had no thought that a second fire could come near their dwellings. On Christmas Eve the inhabitants at Gladstone had been reduced to a very small number, some of tho men being at work on other parts of the creek, and others having already entered upon the Christmas holidays. The only women left were Mrs. Bustorff, who resided about three quarters of a mile below Gladstone, alone with three little childien, her husband being engaged at work two miles down the main creek ; and Mrs. Gilder, the butcher's wife, with four little children, who was also alone, the husband having gone to the Top Plains early in the morning to purchase cattle. There wero only eight men on the township Mr. Thomas Gellatly who fortunately hap- pened to be on the creek at the time, and Messrs. John Black, John Thornton, Joseph Heritage, J. C. Clark, George Hillton, J. Cor- nack, and J. Schooller. The morning was oppressively hot, and as thick clouds of smoke hung over Freestone and Maximilian Creeks, the male portion of the community betook themselves to a drive in Stuart's Gully, where they could enjoy a cooler atmosphere The wind, however, gradually got stronger, and the thickening clouds of smoke gave unmis- takable indications of an approaching fire. As the fire pursued its course down Freestone Creek, Mrs. Bustorff was the first to perceive the flames shooting upwards on the summit of the ranges, but being alone with three help- less childien, and three-quartcrs of a mile from a habitation, she knew not what to do She hoped that before her dwelling was con- sumed some one might come to her assist- ance, and so she waited, hesitating, until the flames were within a few yards of the house, when knowing that a minute's longer delay would be death to herself and little ones, placing one of the children on her shoulders and taking one under each arm (although a delicate woman, small and slender) she pur- sued her way up the creek over a rough and stony path, so much so that she had actually to spring from crag to crag, or crawl under the branches of the fallen trees. She reached Gladstone in safety. Mrs. Gilder had been told when the smoke darkenod the air and the heat became almost unbearable, that she would be acting wisely to bring her children up into one of the drives, so that, should the file reach the township, she and her family would be saved, but she laughed at the idea of a fire coming near them. About half- past twelve o'clock Black went out of the drive where he and Mr. Gellatly had been staying, to look round, and had no sooner gone out than he threw up his hands, and exclaimed, "Good God, the flames are bursting over the range, and will be down in Gladstone in a minute." He and Gellatly then ran towards the houses, and, seeing Mrs. Bustorff coming up the creek, ran to her assistance. There was not a moment now to be lost ; the ranges on both sides of the creek were enveloped in a sheet of fire, the flames shot upwaids many feet above the tops of the highest trees, bringing down the aged and decayed monarchs of the forest with a crash, and lopping off branches from others, whilst the devounng element, like a surging sea, was close upon the houses. A hor- rible death seemed to await the inhabi- tants, when Thomas Gellatly and John Black lifted the children, in ,their arms and directed the women to follow them, the two men using every exertion, regardless of their own safety, to bring the women and children to a place of security. The women proceeded, as they were told, about 300 yards, to Stuart's Gully, though their short journey was a dan- gerous one, for the smoke was stiffling, and their dresses caught fire often from falling leaves and burning embers. The women were so overcome with excitement, heat, and fatigue, that they fainted as they got to the tunnel, where they were closely packed. The excavation was a small one to contain seven children and two women, but here they re- mained, Gellatly and Black standing before them and keeping the burning leaves from their dresses. Their fear and agi- tation wore no doubt consideiably in- creased tlnough the indiscretion of the man Schooller, who lost all presence of mind, and commenced to impress upon them that this was the end of the world, that they were now in the midst of a volcanic eruption, and that besides the sheet of fire which they saw rolling like a vast wave up the creek the hills would soon meet together. Fortunately for himself, Schooller soon disappeared down a shaft, where he sought refuge from the great volcano. Whilst Gellatly and Black were protecting the women and children, others were trying to save some provisions, but they secured only two loaves of bread and one bottle of gin. Clarke seized upon six pairs of blankets which were in Stuart's hut, and throw them into a waterhole, but by this timo the flames were upon him, and he was compelled to jump in after the blankets. He had no sooner got into the water and covered his head with the wet blankets, than a large wallaby jumped in alongside of him and kept him company, remaining under the protec- tion of the blankets unitil the fire was over, The other men made to abandoned shafts in which they knew there were small drives, and by constantly extinguishing the burning branches which fell to the bottom, kept themselves occupied until the atmosphere became sufficiently clear to enablo them to come to the surface. The scene now com- pletely baftled description. The flames surged onwards and roared like a raging sea As the women looked out from their retreat they could see nothing but black smoke re lieved occasionally by the red flare of the fire, whilst the noise was deafening and the heat insupportable. The children were cry- ing all the time for water, and there was none to wet their lips. For two hours did they remain in this position, with no hope of ever again seeing the light of day, when Mr. Gel- latly ventured out in search of water. He was however, fully half an hour, groping about in the dark, before he could find a water-hole As the smoke gradually cleared, however, and the daylight returned, the scene which met tho gaze was one of desolation-not a vestige of a house was to be seen-the entire village had been but a morsel in the mouth of the devouring giant, and no living object was visible. Horses, pigs, goats, dogs, poultry, every species of- the lower animals, had been consumed, with tho exception of a bull-dog that had broken from his chain and bid in a waterhole, and even this animal was com- pletely crippled. The creek was strewed with the burned carcases of horses, goats and 'other animals. Here wero seventeen people huddled together, with no house to cover them, and the children and the women without a change of clothes. The men, of course, proceeded to erect mia-mias but this was a poor protection against the night air. Tho conduct of a young man named Armour here deserves to be men- tioned ; as soon as information got down the creek that Gladstone had been consumed, he loaded a horse with provisions and other necessaries, and made his way through the burning bush to relieve the sufferers, and al- though his journey was a perilous one he succeeded, and reached the smouldoring ruins at ten o'clock at night, when he was hailed with three cheers from the houseless sur- vivors. They were not long without ample stores, for Armour's fathor, not knowing that his son had gone on the errand of mercy, started after sundown, in company with Gilders, who did not expect to see his family alive, and reached the camp by three o'clock in the morning. When the horrors of the afternoon were passed, and the women felt they were safe, after returning thanks for their preservation to Him who enabled them to pass through the fire, they offered no mea- sured thanks to Messrs. Gellatly and Black for their attention and courage ; for the general opinion was that, only for the calmness and skilful generalship of Mr. Gellatly, assisted by Mr. Black, in so trying an hour, there would not have been one left to tell the tale. After the women and children had been se- cured, Messr B. Gollatly and Black tried to recover a box of geological specimens, which the former gentleman had been six months in collecting, but they ,were driven back by, tho flames, and were unable to accomplish their object. Such was Christmas Eve at Gladstone-a Christmass Eve to be remembered by those who witnessed the awful and terrible scene-and now the little gold-field hamlet, which a few days ogo was the resort of the industrious miner, is obliterated from the map of Gipps Land, whilst the inhabitants, with few exceptions, are deprived of all they possessed. To have secured any property would have been an impossibility, for no more than five minutes elapsed from the time that Black cried out, "The fire is on the township," till the women were secured in the drive. 