NOTES AND NEWS. Extensive bush-fires have been raging the past week in various parts of Gipps Land. Within the last few days several fins have ocourred In the vicinity of Newstead, supposed to have been the work of inoeodiaties A large quantify ot valuable property, consisting of stacks, fences and «ropa, the property of Ur Attweod, was destroyed by fire on Thursday last, at Cariabrook Scarlatina and diptheria sra very prevalent com plaints on tbe Beefs, Pleasant Creek, and several deaths bsve token place The amount of gold sent d"wn from the Ovens diafriot by escort for the month of Novemer - was 15.097os 14uwt 6gr The RiddeU'e Cre*kraoesesme off on Boxine Day there was a very good programme and a large attend' anct We am informed by tbe agents thet tbe Matatnra, b,, will positively l°ave Melbourne for Southampton (urder steam), via B ; o, and not return to Panama, as ge»erally believed Last w^tk, an immense tienl of salmon front was ' taken in Belfast Bay Three Urge boats were loaded almost to the gunwale. Five tons af geod msrketable fish were landed It is statrAtbatHr 3 3 Cas'ieu. the governor of the gaol at B*eohwtttb, has received orders intake chare** <of the Melbourne Gaol npou the retirement cf Mr Win tip. Mr Gaslii>u. it is further stated, wilLnot receive Ibe higher laslaVy •*. . ' .... court hous°, Bacchus Marsh, on Wednesday morning. The whole proceedinga were very quiet, lasting barely en hour. Some c<w venation took place aa tfl applications cent in for land at Pyke's EUt. > It was understood that the Umd would s»t ,be alienated if vslid objection were aent In to ths Land department On Sunday William Howard was brought to Sxndhnrst and lodged In thegaol, baring been arrested «t Moulemein, in Riverina . The charge against him is the abduction of a sirl of the name of HaseUon. from Horaham, in the -Wunmesa district. He will be forwarded to SUwdl, where łie will bi brought before the police bench .. On Christmas day Mr John Be«V»f Aahby, met with acrident while »at abooting. In conatquBBoe of the shot dropping out of the gun he tamed the mnszle af tbe on Łia band to see whether be bad omitted ths wadding, when it eccideatally «plodtd, severely injuring the band, Mr Best łstarned at once to Geelong, where be was attended by Dr Beid, whofonnd it neoeteiry to amputate BUS of hia fingers He Is now prngreeningfsvorsWy . Capjtein Stack is auli prooo«)ing witk tbenlistment of men for Ihe New Zealand constabulary Although volunteer* ara not engaged to andi as m - tent assriisn Ant tjte movement nunmenaei, they are Btill suffirie&tly; numerous <p enable Captain Stack to send off detachments of about twsatiee or tł^rties ' the different etumen leaving luiv for iNew S•sUnd ' O^ Christous day a woman named Sarah. TowpH, aeed forty-Msht, wife.. of Joba Towell, farmer. IKooH. d»d suddenly while in » w srith her haabana retsming from Geeleng. 'An inqnett sna bald by W PorTester Shaw, the dtairict iptmmmr, on. 8a'nrday s^sm'tm,at ttie reeideneevtG>e dmnsa.j Sevmlwitn^sn -mere exa(nined,an0 frsn thetridepositions it appeared that the woman was fn ber neuale'atenf,B>jith »heiishetefthome. OrSEaddn poplexy molting fr.n di~ea<e of the h'art; and the orv found a verdiot accordingly. ''"ea King, the contractor for the drainage of ike Hodewairą, hmi been puahing th« work forward ith all detpaich. The open drain is new com- \ered,andthstnnnel will be oommenced aborlly. There an general complaints of the ecarcily of wild dniii this eeason in moitof the lakes end ewampa, but th«y are said to be tol«rtbly plentiful at Lite Mode w aire The crops in the Yarram Yarratn and Atberton dis'ricti ara reported to be in a very flourishing condition. ^ plentiful harvest ia also expected in other parts of Soith Oippa Land The presentation of the marble boat of the late Q, V. Brooke, to the Trustees of the Public Library, took phot on Tuesday last, in the Mne Art Gallery, in the preaenoe of a number of the representatives of the fourth estate, and other gentlemen, amonget whom we seen the ban Minister of Justioeaud Ur R.H Borne (Orion). Mr O P Smith, the Attorney General, on the part ot the committee, in requesting the acetpUnec ot the boat by the Trustees of the Library, referred to the faot that the gentleman of whom the marble but was to be commemorative had, in the early times, by hit able diams'ic impersonations, given tiae to a taste for the drama in its purity, a taste whioh he (the Attorney-General) hoped would be fostered in all time His Honor Sir Ksdmond Batty, on bohilf of iheTrastees, aoospted the bust, aad promised that due prominentia should be given to it in companionship with the portraits of other great exponent* cf the drauntio authors,— the elder Sean and the late Mr Kean, who had Tinted this colony. The.buat, whioh is oolostal, chiselled from the dearest Parian, is placed on a vety bandeome marble plinth, and ia the work of Ur & Bummers, a colonial artist, of whom, as the hon Attotney- Genml said, 'we may wall feel proud. The following are the ruling figures for the various horeea at the New Tear's Day meeting:—For the Derby, Hy Dream stands first, at S to 1; The Sari &boaC;« For ihr Port Phillip Stakes, 2 to! on the Barb, and .J. to-*—B—^ -tllnnooa. ^Fircwoika^Łsid ^v»wi5k' BFKtih favor, at about 4 or 5. Potatoes h»s the call for the Hurdle Race, at abunt 3 or 4 to I. For the Steeplechase, Babbler ia quoted at & to 2, and BaUarat at S to 1; VOdug and Ingl^side at S. A WEDDING RN NORWAT —O n one oooaaiou wa were fortunate enough to witness an old fashioned wedding or brylhif; the word aigniBes the rase far the bride, and alludes to jtbe custom of msrruge by capture, whioh has been shown to have prevailed in *noieut times among ali the savage nations in the world. We thought that w could trace the influence of the tradition iu the wedding which .we attended, where the shouts and excited rushiags. with the flrineofgunBahd pistols, rusz ali the din aud con. fusion of a ral battle for the bride The bride's father est outside the house among As elders of the village with a silver spigpot in hit hand. Ale was eerved from the barrel at hit side into a masmve peg- tsakuid, inscribed with vere-s in the Hardanger dialeot; and the bride herself, smiling through her tears, handed the stronger drinks in finely embossed cape to all whe wished to drink "Sbaal" and long life to her. At last the time came for the service iu bhureh aorots the W&UT.; The bridegroom no longer dangled his binnet, but helped to push off the boats; the flvgs waved, the bride was embraced, and amid a parting salute from all our artillery at once, he weddiug cortege departed. We had been permitted in the morning, whilst the bride's hair wat being plaited in thick soils of a shape fit to receive her crown, to inspect her ornaments, whieh hsd b»en heirlooms in the family for several generations The most valuable of course was the crown, silver gilt and edorned with gatnets, which were of a more massive pattern than those which we have seen in the Bergen shops; it diff-red from them, moreover, in b-ing hung with gilt pendants, beads, and tufis of colored wool. A ≠ breastplate, filigreed j>rosct-es, and a silver marriage belt, complete the list of her principal adornments, the following inscription of the belt of a rich lady in Iceland applies exictly to that ot the HarS&nger; bride :— " The petticoat is fastened by means of e girdle nearly five feet in length, eompo?ed of a number of oblong pieces of silver about an inch and a half long and one inch wide, sewe4 with their extremities close together upon a pieee of green velvet, eo that It forms a number of joints, and is eagly bent round the body and fastened with a bncUe; one enń is suffered to hang down in front of the apron and nearly reaches ths bottom of it. All the joints are gilt and beautifully ornamented with open work and raised knobs of silver." After the wedding a feast commenced which lasted for nearly three days, es fsr as we could judge by the eueceesion of jaded travellers who returned so eoattered beat-loads from the bride's ntw home across the water. The king of the feast was flfSj^omJfW&E; companions, and return uucocqueroJ by the flow of «• Port og Punch og Braedeviin." A tew nights afterwards we joined a revel ef a more pleasing kind, the lsda and lasses of the village having been" invited to a dance in the kitchen of the chief farmhouse. A fiddle and a wooden blacfcjar or beer oomnleted the simple preparations of thfc host, and the company were Boon merrily engaged in their f avonrite Sultan Polks, and the Jenny Lind, whioh here they call die Hamburg dance. We were much amused at the strangeness of the Hailing dsnce, which was performed with great euccess by the most agile of the village lads. He marched round the floor with a solemn fee? to a soft fantastic tune, caslinz bis eyes now and then open a large nail, which had been driven into the centre of the low wooden roof. Then, at the right note aa he passed beneath the nail, he turned a sudden somersault, end struck it with bis clouted boot, which brought down great applause at each successful repetition of the feat.— CamhSl Magaane. 