SIMPLIFYING THE LAW. [third article.] In the course of a previous article on the desirability of so arranging the laws of this colony as to make them easily accessible to the public, we mentioned that a Royal Com mission was now sitting in England with a view of determining upon some course for the codification, or, at all events, for the digesting of the laws of the mother-country. The members of the Commission are Xiords Cranworth, Westbury, and Cairns, Sir T. P. Wilde, Mr. Lowe, Vice -Chancellor Wood, Sir George Bowyer, Sir R. Palmer, Sir J J. G. Lefevre, Sir T. E. May, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Thring, and Mr. Reilly. The precise object of this Commission is to enquire into the expediency of making a digest of the law, and the best means of accomplishing it. But in the mean time the first step in the work has really been taken under a measure which was in troduced in 1860 by Lord Westbury himself. This step is the expurgation of the law by repealing all obsolete Acts of Parliament; a matter, which has engaged the undivided attention of two able lawyers with many assistants during the last six years. This part of the work, in fact, is now ready to the hands of the Digest Commissioners, so that the reform which is so much required in our own local Statutes is at the present time being effected kr tbe Statutes of the mother-country. We learn that by recent expurgation Acts more than three thousand Acts, or parts of Acts, which though not repealed were perfectly obsolete, have been entirely swept away; and the result of this work is shortly to be presented to the pubiie'in a revised edition of the Statutes, which will he greatly re duced in bulk by the omission of all those Acts-which are no longer in> force. The- next step which is-' suggested in the work, of-' simplifying the law (and this is a step which- is much needed iu> the colonies), is that tbe whole of the- Acta now in force should be "sifted," with- a view of separating- the general Statutes affecting the people at large from thoBe which relate to colonies,- to the Indian Empire; or to per sonal or local matters. Why;, it is-asked, should an' Act confirming ao> order of the Home Secretary, made under the Local Go vernment Act for the improvement of some small town; be included amongst the statutes of the realm, which concern every man; and which every man ought to be acquainted'with. It is therefore-proposed to sift out—first,, all non-English Statutes; second, all Acts which are local and. per sonal ; third, all-Acts passed annually,, and also mere Legislative warrants, which- would leavethegeneral Statute Book to be-filled with whatis- really tfielawof the realm.. Thus, out of 122 Acts passed-by the British Parliament during the session-of 1866, only 5a- would be included in the- latter category^ and? these are all that ought to be bound up*with the General Statutes-;. for the idea ■which should be-always kept.hv view is that the-people as well as the legal profession are desirous of having access to the laws unden which they live.. The recognised importance of this was seen by Napoleon, when he said, "Ti shall go down to posterity with my Code; in my hand." But in- England the Statutes- of the realm- have hitherto filled about fifty volumes ; whilst the reported cases- fill about 1,200. volumes and though many- of those eases have been overruled there in no ready means, of ascertaining this. After sifting the expurgated statutes, it is proposed' to digest them; ancb this is the work which the-Royal Commission, are about to report upon. They will have- to. suggest som& scheme in accordance with which the | laws will be distributed into books, so that afterwards the task of fitting new Statutes into their proper places with reference to the original law upon which its- authority de pends, will be easily managed. On this subject the Commissioners- in a preliminary report have already statecLthat a digest would unquestionably be of great utility, and they have asked for power to> prepare a portion of the work with a view to. show the character of the whole. With such a digest an im mense advantage would be gained. England, i in fact, after all these centuries, would be. getting her laws in order- somewhat after the fashion of the Romans, who, without having hit upon complete codes, were yet possessed i of laws contained in definite volumes, arranged in groups and placed under conve nient titles. This at least, then, would be a great step in advance. But after- the digest, there would be no good reason why consolidation and codification should not be entered upon. What is hoped for, in fact, as the result of the present move ment, is that at no distant day not merely the Statutes hut the common law shall he reduced to one single code. In the case of the Statutes this would be done by giving organic form to the digest now about to be made. Then, as 'regards the common law, the same process would have to be gone through from the beginning. First of all, the reported cases would have to be taken and expurgated. All obsolete decisions would have to be thrown out, and then a digest would be made of the remainder, which would afterwards be consolidated and codified. But this process, as it is pointed out, being " inapplicable to common law as embodied in concrete cases, these must there fore he reduced to their net result, and stated axiomatically" before they can be subjected to such process. Whether the English Parliament at present stop short with a digest or go on with the construction of a code, it is clear that the * visaing complications are doomed. Even Englishmen, it appears, are at last growing tired of living under laws which are totally inaccessible except to men who have been specially trained to understand them. They see that no other civilized nations in the world have submitted so long to this absurdity, and that in many of the colonies belonging to Great Britain herself the common sense of the people has insisted upon the laws being-simplified and brought within the easy reach of those whq have to obey them, As yet our own legislation, comparing small things with great, is as confused as that of the mother-country. ISven in "the simplest matters—the laws, for instance, about distillation—it is impossible for the public to inform themselves without the assistance of a lawyer. There are two or three Statutes relating to nearly every subject (even such a little matter as the bush-fires regulations is dealt with in more than one Act), and generally speaking those Statutes are not merely cumbersome, but are also con flicting and contradictory. 