WEDNESDAY, MA ROH 11, 1868. It lias been understood dilling the past week that Ministers would not be sony to sec somo other member elected to the offioo of Chairman of Committees, in the new Assembly, instead of Mr. LALOR. That gentleman, it seems, has not at all times come np to Mr. HIOIN BOTHAM'S expectations. Though de- cidedly of the Ministerial party, he has on some few occasions shown a pre hiimptuous desire to think for himself, which is the one sin that cannot bo for- given in an adherent of the present Ad- ministration. For our own part, wo have not observed that his transgressions in the direction of independence were nu mérous or flagrant. It has rather seemed to us that he sometimes shaped a very politic course in his desire to conciliate the dominant party in the Assembly ; and that, understanding constitutional law so well as he un- questionably does, his constancy to the Ministerial cause must have cost him some little sacrifice of self-regard. But nothing short of unreasoning and abso- lute submission will propitiate the lead- ing members of our present " People's " Ministry," and Mr. LALOR was to be displaced because he fell short of that high standard on some few unimportant occasions. But it seems the kind intentions of the Government in his regard have been frustrated, by the difficulty that was ex- perienced in finding a candidate for Mr. LALOK'S office who would be elected in opposition to him. He happens to have many friends on both sides of the F mse, and it was found, on due con- sideration of the facts of the case, that no other candidate would have much chance of success even with the power- ful support of the Ministry. Several com- petitors were put forward tentatively, or put themselves forward, it being under- stood that either would be taken up by Ministers if he could show that, with such backing, he would be sure to be elected ; but none has been able to show that yet, and perhaps Mr. LALOR may encounter no opposition after all. Cer- tainly there is not one among the other candidates mentioned whose claims can be compared with those of the old chaiiman's. Mr. B. G-. DAVIES, Mr. DAVID BLAIR, Mr. G. V. SMITH, Mr. G. P. SMITH-can it be for a moment supposed that the Assembly would put any one of these in Mr. LALOR'S seat, except in perpetration of a gross political job, and in utter dis- regard of the usefulness, the dignity, and the respectability of Parliament 1 The idea of Mr. G. V. SMITH being elected is simply preposterous, after his recent extraordinary statement with re- ference to payment of members. To elevate him to a high office in Parliament would be infinitely degrading to his fel- low members. And Mr. BLAIR is no less unsuitable. If he ever knew anything about Parliamentary law and usage, he has probably forgotten it during the long years of his retirement ; but that would not bo a fatal objection to him, since he is clever enough to acquire within a short time a fair smattering of any kind of knowledge. But he is the unfortunate possessor of qualities that wholly disqualify him for the post in question. Ile has neither courtesy nor temper, and is utterly wanting in that gentlemanly self-control which Í3 indis- pensable in the man who would influence his fellows. Nothing could have a more deleterious effect upon Parliamentary morals than the setting up of Mr. BLAIR to preside over the debates. His own captiousness and conceit would induce him to take exception when there was no need, and the personal antagonism which it is his misfortune -to excite in all who come in contact with him, would cause other lion, members to dispute his ruling, even if it should be right. Mr. G. P. SMITII may be credited with the same qualifications as Mr. BLAIR, but he possesses also very similar disqualifications. Wo can scaicely conceive that a profitable dis- cussion could take place under the presi- dency of either, or that the public busi- ness could proceed in a calm or a peaceful manner. Mr. G. B. DAVIES is a different kind of person altogether. Ile is an amiable, genial man, and so far as personal qualities go, he would fill the chair admirably. But wc are not aware that he has made a special study of Parliamentary law, and during the many years that he has occupied a scat in the Assembly, he has not shown such an aptitude for public business, or such a power of application, as warrants us in hoping that if elected chairman of committees he would readily acquire the knowledge necessary to the proper performance of the duties of that office. At all events, ho has no claim to the post which Mr. LALOR docs not also possess in a higher degree, and if he ever had serious designs upon it we think it likely that he will abaudon them in Mr. LALOR'S favour when the day of election arrives. The best thing that can be done in the circumstances is to re-elect Mr. LALOR. He has made a very good chairman while he presided over the deliberations of Parliament-attentive, courteous, in- telligent, and sufficiently firm and de- cisive when it became necessary to en- force his authority. It may -be that there are others in the Assembly who would perform the duties of Chairman of Committees as well as he, but that has not yet been ascertained, and it would be unwise to give up a certainty for a piobability. It is true that he has no prescriptive claim to the chairmanship- that each Parliament has a perfect right to electits own Speaker and Chainnan of Committees, irrespective of the choice that previous Parliaments may chance to have made. But this light of election should not be exercised wantonly or capriciously. A man who has worthily filled an office has at least tovie claim to be continued in it, and in the present instance no cause has been shown why Mr. LALOR should give way to any of the other men who have been proposed for the post of chairman in his stead. And it is peculiarly de- sirable that party politics should have as little as possible to do with the ap- pointment which wo aro considering. The member who has it in charge to keep oulcr during the debates will be all the more powerful if he is the choice of the whole House rather than the nominee of a fiiction ; and if Mr. LALOR is again elected, as we cannot but think lie will be, he will enjoy the great advan- tage of knowing that the Assembly, and not the Ministerial party, has placed him in the ¡chair. The chief impediment in the way of rendering our penal establishments self supporting has consisted in the absurd jealousy of prison labour which is en- tertained by free labour. This jealousy is as unreasonable as it is short- sighted. During his imprisonment, the main- tenance of a criminal devolves upon society^ and nurely every consideration of justice and economy should impel us ¡to leeson, .or altogether remove, the !burden, by insisting upon the culprit ¡working for his own support. Other- wise, the original injury he has inflicted upon some member of society by froud, felony, or \iolcnce, is aggra- vated by the mere fact of his becoming chargeable on the common fund for his sustenance. It is sufficiently onerous and sufficiently exasperating for the re- putable and industrious members of the community to have to organize and maintain a costly and elaborate ma- chinery for the detection, apprehension, trial, punishment, and safe custody of malefactors, without being obliged to provide the latter with food, clothing, and spiritual and medical attendance into the bargain. From all such trans- gressors of the laAV society has an un- deniable right to exact so much labour as shall suffice for tAA'o objects ; first, restitution or compensa- tion, wherever practicable, to the par- ticular individual injured or aggricA'ed by tlie person .under sentence ; and, secondly, the full reimbursement of the state for all charges incurred in con- nexion with the seizure, trial, and de- tention of the prisoner. Otherwise punishment fails in one at least of the purposes for which it is instituted. To argue that, because the produce of a criminal's industry might come into competition with that of the honest and hardworking taxpayer/ the foi m cr should be maintained in idle ' ness, or kept to some unprofitable 1 Avorlc, is to reason iii opposition to common sense and general interests. If the prisoner, whose labour is so much dreaded, obtained his living in a repu- table manner before he committed the crime of AA'hich he AA'as convicted, he was a competitor A\'ith others in the same Avalk of life; and if he returns to his former vocation when he is dis- charged from prison, he will continue to be a competitor. "Why, then, should the simple fact of this competition being cal ried on within the Avails of a gaol for a certain period, render it so hateful to those AA'ho, if he is released from the ob- ligation to labour, must contribute to his support f Granting, for the sake of argument-forit is a matter by no means clear-that the produce of prison labour can be sold at a loAver price than the produce of the free labour outside, v> ho suffers 1 Not the consumers, since they benefit by the superior cheapness of the articles raised or manufactured inside the prison AA'alls. Not the limited number of producers Avith Avhose com- modities such articles enter into com- petition, since the trifling loss-if loss there be-sustained in one direction by the depreciation of the value of their products, is more than counterbalanced by what they would save in diminished taxation, resulting from a lessened ex- penditure on our penal establish- ments. Í In questions like these, as in those which relate to protection, the interests of the maises, as consumers, are habi- tually lost! sight of, while those of cer- tain class«, which happen to be pro- ducers, are constantly thrust forward and exclusively considered. All men are consumers, and therefore it is to their iuterist that the price of no com- modity shiuld be artificially enhanced by fiscal birdens and restrictions. All men above the grade of paupers contri- bute to tlß reveuues of the country, and therejore it is to their inte- rest that ko more taxes should be levied thai are absolutely necessary, and that the expenditure of the amount si raised should be con- ducted will the utmost care and economy, put particular classes, pre- ferring thei- OAA'11 selfish interests as producers ti those of the Avhole com- munity as ccnsumers, insist upon taxing the1 latter fo the benefit of the former ; and in likepanner protests are made by the fcAV arainst rendering our penal establishmens self-supporting, although it is manifct that such a proceeding would be lvçhly advantageous to the entire body |f taxpayers. If our cri- minals were jiblie benefactors, wo could understand til policy of providing them with cleanly ^ud Avell-ventilated lodg- ings, a sufficincy of Avholesome food, comfortable waring apparel, good books, religious instruction on Sunday, aud no task Avork dumg the Aveek ; but in A'ieAV of their positiqi as offenders against the criminal laAvs'f the country, and look- ing at the vilue of all Avell-directed labour in this olony, Ave think the very least Ave have , right to expect from them is that tloy shall earn the bread they eat, and îlieve honest toilers of the burden of tieir sustenance. This is thenore imperatively called .for in a country where there is so much '"inore rough andrudimentary work to be done, in the v¡& of making roads, ex- cavating docksjjbuilding bridges, and forming reservoiä, than the means at our command will dable us to accomplish for iiiauy years'to come. We cannot spare the labour¡>f a single able-bodied man ; and crimeis the less capablo of palliation where ke avenues to employ- ment are so numcous and the rewards of industry are tj liberal and certain. Independently ofjvhich, if the criminal classes learned lorn experience that, besides the loss f liberty, they would be compelled, afîr conviction of any crime, to labour lird for the benefit of the state, and vthout advantage to themselves, the aestion might even- tually present ilsa to their minds in a very cogent form, Ihether it would not be preferable, all nings considered, to stick to honest wrk on their own ac- count-honest wck accompanied by freedom and unafended by degrada- tion-honest workjthe fruits of which ?w ould yield them lpre than the food, shelter, and clothiij, which it paid for in a prison-honesbyork, unembittered by the knowledge tit it was penal and compulsory. The arrival of the liglish mail may now be looked for at any ¿ment. The new ar- rangement would not aumence on the Eng- lish side till this moni ; and the January mail, therefore, would bdue at King George's Sound on the 8th inst., aid here on the 13th inst. But as the old Wie is still kept at times, the Avoca tnigbieach King George's Sound on the Cth, andmight be heard of from Cape Otway to-da. ' It may be a race between the Eangatira rid the Avoca as to which fehnll first give is the news. The foimer piled from Adeláe for the Sound on the afternoon of the 3i inst.. aud would. > i . not reach Princess Royal Harbour before tbc evening of the 7th, at the very ear-' liest. Presuming tbe Avoca to have made the old fast time, and the Kaugatir.i to havo sailed ou her return trip to Adelaide early ou the 8th, tho one would be due off tho Otway nnd the other off Glenelg about the same time. The oflicers of the Telegraphic depart- ment were on watch at the Otway station last night, and the watch there and at the other main stations will now be continued till the mail is announced. The complimentary banquet given by his -_ political suppoi tors and friends to Mr. James Sen ice, tho Constitutional candidate for Col- ' lingwood at the recent general election, .came off very successfully at the Gertrude-street Assembly- rooms lost evening. The chief event of the evening Avas a speech from the guest, in which he argued that the verdict of the countiy ought to toe taken as in favour of tho Darlinggiant, which, when separated from the Appiopiiation Bill, should bo passed by boih Houses. This was received with evident dis- favour by his heareis, who frequently inter- rupted him with, remarks indicating their disagreement. Addresses were also given, in connexion with the toasts of the evening, by the chaiiman (the Hon. G. Harker), the Hon. . T. II. Fellows, Mr. B, C. Aspinall, Mr. Langton, and Mr. 0'Grady, the tone oT ivhoso utterances was generally so far dif- ferent from that of Mr. Service that they pro [ fesscd opposition à l'outrance to the Darling vote in any shape. The other speakers were the lion. n. M. Murphy, M.L.C., Mr. J. \V. , lv'andell, Mr, J. Callaghan, and Mr. W. J.. Gilchrist. Mr. Service and the other loading politicians were greeted on their appearance and on resuming tbeir seats with long continued applause. The Parliament Houses are all ready for the business which is to begin on Friday ' next, but old members will lind no change. The carpets are just as ragged and worn, the benches and chaire as shabby, and the whole decoiations as dingy, as ever. As there was no money to bo spared, none has been spent in improving the appearance of things, and even the means of ventilation by fanning fresh air into the building have been fore- gone. The fan was worked by a portable steam-engine, which was supplied by contract, but the contract having expired the engiue has been removed, and no steps have been taken, to obtain another. The only novelty is the now aiiangement for bell-ringing by electricity, like the bells in telegraph- offices. Instead of ringing abell, tho clerk of the Assembly, or of : the Council, has now only to touch a knob, and the " ting-ting" commences instantane- ously. Similar knobs aro placed in the Go- vernment and Opposition private rooms, for the- puipo.se of summoning messengers, and immediately behind the clerk's chair is an in- genious apparatus, by means of which, in case of division or summoning the House together, ten electric bells in different parts of the House aro rung simultaneously, so that membeis, wherever, located, can hear the signal. The whole apparatus was just com- pleted when the last Parliamentary sittings weie concluded. The Head-quarters Bund will play this .afternoon, from half-past three to half-past five o'clock, on the Esplanade, St. Kilda. The following is the programme :-March, "Triumphal," C. W. Fisher; Quadrille, "Auber, "Musgrave ; Selections from "Faust, '. , Gounod ; Overture, "Stabat Mater," Rossini; Waltz, "Hilda," Godfrey; Selections from "L'Eclair," Ilalevy ; Polka, "'Champagne Charlie," Siede. Tlie weekly meeting of the council of the Acclimatisation Society was held yesterday. Present-Dr. Black, Professor M'Coy, Comte, de Cnstlenau, Colonel Champ, Messrs.' A. Purchas, A. li. C. Selwyn, H. P. Venables, and J, Steavenson. A letter was read from the Borough Council of Castlemaine, asking for English sparrows to liberate there ; these the secretary was directed to send. Reference was made to the statements which have ap- peared in the papers as to the destructiraicss -, of sparrows, and regret was expressed that" whilst persons are so ready to complain of the slight injury done to fruit by the sparrows, "no mention is made of the immense amount of good done by them in the destruction of insects and larva?. A letter was read from Mrs. Turn- bull, enclosing a design of a magnannerio which she proposes to erect, and asking for pecuniary assistance. The connell de- cided that the funds of the society could not be applied to this purpose whilst a special . sum is voted every year for the encourage- ment of new industries. Dr. Black men- tioned that, in conversation with a gentle- man a few days ago, he had been informed" that instances had been known of fish be- coming quite frozen, and, after remaining so for somo days, reviving on being put into the water. Dr. Black remarked that there was every reason to hope that largo fish misht he safely brought out by this means, and that when theplan of sendinghomefrozenmeatwas in full operation,-the return ship might easily bring tlie fish ! The annual meeting of the - society is fixed for four o'clock on Thursday, at the Mechanics' Institute, and His Excel- lency the Governor has kindly promised to take the chair. The names .of tho following medical men have been added to the list of legally-quali- fied medical practitioners practising in this . colony;- Teasdale Hilton Hutchison, Glenlyon; John Blakemore Phipps, Lancefield; and Henry Moroney Whitcomb, Gore-street, Fitzroy. The following letter, addressed to a mern-1 , ber of the Council of the Acclimatisation Society by'a gentleman residing at Bruns- wick, bears important testimony to the value of the Indian mynah, as a protector of the vineyard :-" As you are interested in the proved usefulness of the insect-feeding birds * introduced under the auspices of the Accli- matisation Society into the colony, I wish to mention to you what carno under my notice lately with respect to the Indian mynah. Ln the latter part of last year and commence- ment of this, the vine in my garden became . ? infested with the caterpillar plague. Being neglected at Iir3t, the numhnr of these insects increased so rapidly MW^jglicf by hand;picking was almost hopeSEpfabour. However, one morning, passinrJArflarge vine trained up against the wdl/^Bmbor of these mynahs, I supposoffHBjfc forty, fluttered out from among thMeavSJPtartled by my approach. At first I thought they wore depredators of the young fruit, but soon found how unjust was the accusation, for the tico was almost rid of the caterpillar pest> and the bunches of fruit untouched. For several mornings after I noticed them busily doing their work among the vines through the gaiden, and assoon as they cleared off the gi ub they were in quest of, they passed on else- where, for they ceased to visit in any num- ber. 1 cannot but think that by the intro-'' duclion of these birds the Acclimatisation Society has conferred a boon upon the vignerons and the wine- growing interest throughout the colony." Mr. G. G. Blair, who bas been clerk in the Equity Court for the last eight years, is about to leave for England on twelve mouths' leave of absence. On Monday evening about a dozen gentlemen of the Equity bar «nter taincd him at dinner at Menzies' Hotel Mr. J. Atkins occupied the chair, and a very pleasant and social evening Avas sper.t. Mr. Blair has made himself a favourite with those whose business brought them to the court.. The usual weekly meeting of the Hospital Committee Avas held yesterday ; Mr. E* Coheu in the chair. Present-Messrs. Hart, Lyons, Girdlestone, Fenton Gillbeo, and Moore. 'A. ' letter was read from Mr. Justice Williams, in reply to a communication from tho com- mittee, stating that, as the survivlig trustço in whose name the Crown grant of the site . ' I of, the hospita) had been originally-issued, ' I he was'.ready to enter into arrangements' foe / ibe transfer of the site to now trustees. Mr. ?Hart and Mr. Girdlestone wero appointed a íommittee to visit and discharge over-time mticnts. A committee, consisting of Dis. Motherwell and Barker and Mr. Girdlestone, were appointed to re-arrange the distribution of the hospital beds. A letter was read from Dr Thomas, in answer to a communication from the committee, referring to a case in which a iomalo patient, in présence of Dr. Baiker and Dr. Stewart, stated that she had leccivcd a pair of crutches marked with the lettcis "M. H." from her former medical "ttcHianfc. Tlie lcmainder of Dr. Thomas's jjA-^vhich consisted of fourteen pages, was jioi'iead. There was no other business of ilitcicst before the committee. The rowing match between M'Laren and Belcher, on the Upper Yarra, cam« off yester . day afternoon, for stakes of £25 a side. There were on the banks on either side a large num- ber of persons who usually take an interest in aquatic sports, and there was a very lively show of both amateurs and professionals on the waters of the some time (and some time not) sluggish Yarra, But the affair was a gicat disappointment to the spectators, for at about half a mile from home, and after some difficulty had seemed likely to arise in consequence of the manner in which M'Laren was chosing his road, he lost his seat in the boat and went into the river. Belcher then went away at his own ' easily-selected pace, and par-ed the winning-post by himself, M'Lai cn following as soon as he recovered himself, without seeing his opponent any moie until after the race. There did not .appear to have been any betting on tho event, otheiwiseitis probable that some ill-natured liniaiks would have been made. A meeting, largely composed of artisans, ivas held last night at the Golden Cross Hotel, to take into consideration the pro ,posed sale of tho Melbourne Swamp. Coun- cillor Arness occupied the chair. Messrs. Stevenson, Fenwick, and Macpherson ex piessed themselves opposed to the sale, on the ground that tho land would have ulti- mately to be bought back for docks at some lutuie day. Several persons, however, cxpicssed an opinion that Mr. Williams ought to-be "encouraged," because "lie spent his money among them," and a motion to adjourn the meeting for six weeks was .cairied by a considerable majority. The matter of bathing in the Yarra really seems to demand instant attention on the part of the authorities. A correspondent writes as follows :-" When walking along the bank of the Yal ra, half way between the Botanical-gardens and Princc's-biidgc, about foin o'clock in the afternoon, I saw a number of gi own up men and some boys bathing in the liver or shamelessly standing naked on the bank, and a lady passing by in a boat at thciamc time. This shows that the numerous public remonstrances lately made have had little if any, effect in checking a practico which must destroy modesty if not chas .eily." , A coi respondent writes to us as follows : "Poimit me, through the medium of your .columns, to call Professor Wilson's attention to an oversight which has occurred in his University announcements of yesterday, ne las omitted to mention the .names of those who passed the matriculation at the February teim. A report appeared in two of the daily papers about the ceiemony called matricula- tion, and the names were given of those who took part in it, hut the list included several who had gone through in the October term, and even some who passed twelve months .ago. So, in reality, no return has been made, .officially or otherwise, of those who were suc- cessful last February." We are glad to learn that Mr. Walter Hill, who lccently met with so severe an accident .at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, is pro- gressing favourably, although it will pro- bably be a long time before he completely recovers. A meeting of tho Cabmen's Protection .Society was held last evening at Mac's Hotel, Tranklin-street, the special business of the evening being "to take steps towards collect ins subscriptions for a testimonial to Cab inspector Dabbs, who is about to leave for England, after discharging the duties of his office for twelve years. It was mentioned that the society was increasing its numbers, many new members having lately joined. The attention of the meeting was invited to the fact that the memorial, signed by about . DOO cabmen, praying the City Council to make .certain alterations in the byelaws, had liitheito received no answer. In the Old Court yesterday, two actions vreie tried-Bank of Victoria v. Nicholls, and ? Carter v. Dalgety. The former was on two bills of exchange drawn by defendant for £41 >6s. 8d. each, on Mr. W. Frazer and Mr. B. G. Davies. A verdict was given for plaintiff. The latter case was for £9011s., the price of a tiansparency painted for the defendant for the illuminations in honour of Prince Alfred's arrival. Defendant stated his wil- lingness to pay £70, and forthat suma ver- dict was returned. A peculiar action for libel was tried in the . Supreme Court yesterday, beforo Mr, Justice Barry and a jury of four. The defendant was Aldeiman George Hughes ; the plaintiffs a publican named Coles and his wife. On the loth January last, Mr. Hughes went to the plaintiff's hotel tu obtain payment of an ac- count. AVhilst talking to Mr. Coles, Mrs. ?Coles entered tho bar, and asked Hughes to apologise for 'some unbecoming language he had used towards her a few days previously. Mi. Hughes replied that she need not care very much, as she had slept with another married man besides her husband-one Lachlan Robertson. The defendant explained this yc&teid;áy as having been said in joke, and in allusion to a statement Mrs. Coles made to him some years ago, when she was un- married, that, on the ocôasion of a dance in honour of Kobortson's marriage, there 'being ah insufficient supply of beds, she had " turned in " with Mr. and Mrs. Robertson. Mrs, Coles denied both the alleged conversa- tion and the fact it referred to. There was ?scarcely any special damage proved as having been occasioned by the slander, and the jury returned a verdict for plaintiffs, damages Is. In the same court there was an action tried Jlotjyiano v. Dawson-for forcible expulsion fiom a house. 1\w jury gave the plaintiff £75. Mr. Stutt, M.L.A., and lato proprietor of the City Buffet, was sued in the County Court .yesteiday, hy Mr. Alfied Cooper, auctioneer .and valuator, for a sum of £53, charged as commission on the sale of the goodwill, fur uituie, licence, and lease of tho City Buffet. It appeared from the plaintiff's evidence, that ii, February, 18G7, defendant, finding the ki epiug of buch a house incompatible with his position as a legislator, instructed Mr. Cooper to find a purchaser, stipulating, how- ever, that tlie house should not bo advertised by name. £1,250 was the price originally named, but defendant was willing to accept less. At first the menagerie was found a umwback, but some timo after the negotia- tion was opened, Mr. Stutt informed plaintiff that he had " got rid of thoso beastly lions.'' He said ho would givo plaintiff £25, if he sold for £1,000, but Mr. Cooper declined to ficcVl this, stating that his terms were five PtVCcent. commission. Plaintiff eventually found a purchaser in the person of Mr. Bartlett, whom he sent to Mr. Stutt, and, after some negotiation, defendant disposed of his intciest to Mr. Bartlett for £1,100. Plain- tiff did not know that the sale had been effected until he saw Mr. Bartlett in posses- sion ; mid when ho applied for payment of his commission, defendant offered him £25, and said ho would give him no more. The difence was that Cooper had never been in- structed to procure a purchaser at all, but that lie had taken the matter up on specula- tion, as was the custom with'hotel-brokers in the city. Upon cross-examination, how. ever, Mr. Stutt admitted that ho had exhi- bited his books to plaintiff that ho might know what the receipts of the house wore, and that ho had told Cooper if he would bring him a man with money he would sell. Judgment was given for plaintiff for £25, with costs. In the Equity Court yesterday, the hearing in the suit of Goodman and another v. Kings- land and others was continued, and argu- ments heard. The particulars of the insol- vency case (in re Kingsland), out of which this suit arose, have been published recently at great length in the reports of the Insolvent Court and City Police Court, nis Honour re- served judgment. The further hearing in Mulcahy v. Walhalla Ooldinining Company was adjourned until Friday morning. The prisoners who had been lying in Castlemaine Gaol under sentence of death recorded - Thomas Martin and John Hum- phries, alias John Taylor - have had their sentences commuted; Martin, to fifteen years' imprisonment, with hard labour, the first three, years in irons; and the latter to ten years' imprisonment, with hard labour, the first three years in irons. Martin had been found guilty of an abominable offence, and Humphries of a capital assault on a young girl. We are glad to learn that the accident to the son of Mr. Dunn, schoolmaster, Rosedale -reported yesterday as having been fatal was not so lamentable in its issue. The boy was severely gored by the cow which attacked him, but though he is frightfully cut and biuised hopes arc entertained of his re- covery. The country journals continue to speak of the extreme severity of the heat lately expe- rienced all over the colony. At Hamilton the heat was all but unbearable ; a hot wind prevailed, the rays of the sun were scorching, and several bushfires in the neighbourhood made matters worse. At Merino everything in the shape of vegetation was scorched up, and the town was enveloped in smoke from the numerous fires all about. At Coleraine tho heat was intense, and some damage te fencing was'doncby the flames. At Majorca, three dozen of tumblers and glasses, which were on the shelf of a dealer, exposed to 1CM degrees of heat, fell to pieces. At Tarna- gulla the weather was regarded as the hottest known for years ; "the town," says the local paper, "was surrounded by bush fires, the smoko from which at the time of going te press was so dense that the inhabitants expe- rienced great difficulty in finding their waj about the streets." The yield of grapes in most of the vine yards in the Western district will this sea son be up to the average. The process 01 wine-making will commence in the vine j aids of the .Moorabool in the beginning oi next week. On Monday evening last a large specimer of the vampire-bat, or ilying-fox, was shol by Mr. Weber, at St. James's vineyard, Leigh road. It was found to measure four feel across the wings, had a head like a fox, with teeth, and was of a grey colour, À number of these creatures ure at present in festing the vineyards, and doing some damag to them. The shire council of Bannockburn, at theil monthly meeting yesterday, had to take inte consideration the thistle nuisance from t new aspect. It appears that a large numbc of allotments of land, taken.up under tlx ?12nd clause, have been forfeited by tU holders, and the thistles are growing so luxi riantly thereon that, in the expressive lai guage of one of the councillors, it would k impossible now to get a horse to pass throur.1: them. The ratepayers who have done thai duty in the eradication of the thistles ai their own land are not better off thoreby, is the seed germinating on these allotmentsis being sown broadcast over the district. Tie question for consideration was, who was re- sponsible for this, the selector or the Goveri incut? The general feeling appeared to le that, as the land reverted to Governmert, the Lands Department was responsible fir the evil inilicted, andyit was ultimately K solved that the department should bo cou municated with in reference to the knotj point. A meeting of stockowners and others h teiested in the question of the preservatim of meat, convened by Mr. J. B. Hughes, oi the Wannon, was held at Hamilton on AVd netday last, when there was a largo atteid aqce. Mr. Skene, of Warrumbcecli, was in the chair, and stated incidentally that wt long ago, in Scotland, ho had tasted Ais tralian preserved meat, and found it of |x cellent quality. In tile course of his hi marks, Mr. Hughes explained his connexon with the Melbourne Meat Preserving Can pany, and stated their method of re- serving meat, as follows :-" Mr. nitchie irst of "all scalds the meat after removing ¡he bone and all superfluous fat ; the metí is then placed in the canister, which is put into a hot 'bath,' composed of a atong solution of brine, the top of whiel is covered with melted fat, to prevent the stam escaping. A vent is left in the tin, uri as the process of cooking proceeds, the siam issues, first of a whitish colour, but gradally becoming darker. At the proper momnt that is to say, when the meat is sufficilitly cooked-the vent is closed, and as perfect a vacuum as possible obtained. The xact moment for sealing up the canister ws, of course, learned by experience. Thoro vis as much difference between the meat cooltd by Mr. Bitchie's process and that known s the Aberdeen, as existed between roast bei and beef baked in a colonial oven." Mr. Ilghes added that he had carefully though the mattor over, and was firmly convince that by preserving mutton for the. home mrket, and utilising other valuable portions >f the carcase, there would be a net profit of Is. per sheep. He thought the risk of the brikage of machinery in Mr. Mort's system ras so great that success could not be deluded ?upon. A committee Avas appointed tassist in promoting the interests of tho coipany, and a considerable number of shan were subscribed for in the room.' ' A cashbox, containing £130, was stlen on Sunday night from a bedroom in the buse of Mr. Broadbent, carrier, Ballarat. A avant girl of the house, named Mary Benn:t, was suspected, and apprehended, and alum of £10 18s. was found in her possesDn for which she could not satisfactorily acctmt. News has been received of thedath, at rockhampton, of Dr. lloche, who ras for- merly well known on Sandhurst asioroner for the district, We notice that a track has been *t from Colac to tho seaboard, near the mout of the Johanna River, near Cape Otway, lis nine feet in width, and forty-seven miles i length, and in its course fourteen runninistreams and creeks aro bridged. The font is de- scribed as being very dense almoi all the way, and much of the timber is ( a kind over which the cabinetmaker woul-rejoico. The "pepper tree" is found in it frn ten to fifteen feet high. A day's racing has been arranged to take place at Corop (Lake Cooper) on St. Patrick's day. Hemp has been grown successfully in the neighbourhood of Trentham. The jury, in the case of the woman named Boyd or Williams, whoso body was lately found in a water-hole near Colac, retumed a verdict of "Wilful Murder" against some person or persons unknown. It appeared that the woman's name was Maryann Cornford, and that she was married to Samuel Williams Boyd, at Bendigo, several years ago. He had regularly paid for her board at Colac, and lived there with her for some weeks in April of last year; but it also appeared that in March of that year she had married a kangaroo-hunter, named Walter Williams, who did not know that she had previously been married. I " On Wednesday night last, or rather 1 huisday morning," sa)s the Riva me Herald, "a great row took place among the blacks camped on the Murray, opposite Echuca It appears that a party from the Loddon tribe had come oveí hete to join in the groat periodical corroborées w Inch have lately taken place, and, conceiving themselves to be m some manner 01 other ill used or slighted, wcic desirous of getting up a fight A fieice dispute, which was however, confined to M ord«, took place and what with the de- clamations of the men and the wailing of tho women, a din was kept up for two 01 three hours which was anything but pleasant to those residing within hearing " We see by the Bendigo Adveiliser, that on Tilda), Wong Ah Hum was committed for trial by the Bench at the Huntly Pohco court, on the chaigc of having, on the 2áulJanu ai), bmglaiiously enteicd tin Bank of Vic torn, Fpsom, and that murderously assaulted Kachel M'Culloch, servant to the bank mana- ger The pnsonei was all but positively identified by tho prosecutrix The tiousois which he wore when ariested wore covered with blood stains, somewhat obliterated by washing, and Mr Johnson, Government chemist, to w horn they had been submitted for analysis, gave cudenco that the blood was human blood We observe from Nelson papers of the 2jth ultimo that the notorious convict Sullivan has been lcnioicd fiom the gaol at Nelson to that of Dunedin Ile was got safely on boaid the steamer Phoebe, m the gaib of a policeman, and w as not recognised ne was found to be c\trcmcl) troublesome at Nelson, the gaol being small, and isolation impossible, and he is understood not to relish the change to his more prison like domicile m Dun- edin By the following (taken fiom the Dciuli gum Chtomcle) it will be seen that the man who was found murdered about tinte months since in the Moama forest is likely to turn out to be a person who mid fneilds in Sand hurst, and who was about to -visit them - ' 1 rom inquiries made, it is supposed pro bable that deceased was identical with a man namtd Henry Neville about thirty live years of age, who had been emplo)ed picviou3ly shepherding at Kilfera station, on the Lach lan Ile left that station, after being p ud by cheque or ordei, about the bl ginning of De cembti, and passed through Deniliquin on the morning of the 1 ith, alleging that ho purposed going to Sandhurst, where some of his rela tnis resided Although this man's hvnif descnption does not altogether agiee witt that of the ono found murdeicd, as it die somewhat, and his relatives have not yet seen lum, it is probable that Neville ind tin unknown are tho same An ordei oi chequi receiv ed by Nxv ilk at Kilfera appears to have been passed through a bank at Echuca aboa the time of the nmrdoi, and this lends addi tiona! stiength to the supposition, foi pic suming that Neville was muideied, tin ci munal would as soon as possible seek ti get nd of propel ty which, if found ni his pos session, would havo led to immediate detec lion If Neville is not the man, ho wouh not only ease the minds of his íelativos con cennng his presumed fate by communicatini at once with them, but also indirectly au the police in then cfiorts to discover th ci munal " A biute, whose name is William Sims, am who has until recently been a fishennan, ha been remanded by the police magistute o Gisborne foi fuithtr examination, on ; chargo of hnung three times cuininall assaulted his own daughter, a girl of thirteei yeais of age, while they were tiavellm togcthci m a catt between Yackaudaudal and Keilor A medical witness testified tim the assault had been committed Iho manufactuic of ice has been com menccd at Hamilton One day duiing th present hot weather the machine broke down and the disappointment of the thusty publii was gieat "Wo have known a few dangerous acci dents m these times of almost ' pciiueiou heat,' ' says the 'l'anengowet Times, "hat penmg through the bursting ot bottles c sodawater An accident of this kind too' place last week at Mr Hud's, the well know; Maldon Maikct proprietor His son Join was below m the cellai groping for som lemonade, when with a lemonade bottle h unfortunately struck a bottle of sodawatei winch burst into fragments, and causud ver seveie, and at one timo dangerous, laceratioi of the face and lips " An old man named John Carr, aged seventy, was accidentally drowned on Sun- day last'in a waterhole at the White-hills, on Bendigo Flat, while endeavouring to draw a bucket of water when in a state of intoxi- cation. He had been in the habit of supply- ing the inhabitants with water and pipe-clay, and so made a living. A meeting of the Western Railway Exten sionLcague was held at Hamilton on Wednes- day last, at which it was resolved to carry on the agitation vigorously for the construction of a railway from Ballarat westwards towards Hamilton. The Mayor of Raywood (Mr. Ratcliffe) has been seriously injured by being thrown out of a cart. A humorous incident of the visit of the Duke of Edinburgh to Queensland is re- corded by the Brisbane Courier, as follows : "At a little before dusk the train ran into the Toowoomba Station. After a delay of about a quarter of an hour the train started again, reaching Jondaryan at nine o'clock, The Prince was accommodated at the station-master's house, the rest managing as they best could. Dinner was served in a temporary structure, and a number of the neighbouring squatters who had been in- vited dined with the Duke. After the re- gular toasts had been duly honoured, Mr. Arthur Hodgson, as one of the earliest squatters on the Downs, rose to ' mako ti few remarks,' holding in his hand a tolerably large bush damper, which, after some graphic and feeling allusions to old times, ho desired permission to present to the Royal visitor, as a symbol of the past. His Royal Highness was graciously pleased to signify his acceptance of the token, adding at the same time the hope that, as ho had already partaken of a good dinner, it might be 'taken as eaton.' This lively sally was very well received." A disappointment fol- lowed this incident. The same journal says:-"It was arranged that next morning at daylight horses should be brought from Messrs. Kent and Wicnholt's, for an emu hunt by the Prince and his party. The former expressed himself intensely delighted with this arrangement, and was out on the plat- form at half-past five in the morning, booted and spurred, gun in hand, ready for a start. No horses, however, arrived, and the Royal sportsman, who had evidently set his hoart on the run, could not conceal his disap- pointment." No alteration was made in the programme at either theatre last evening. At the Royal "The Hidden nand" was tho opening piece, followed by the burlesque " Acis and Galatea." At the Princess's, " Who Killed Cock Robin ?" was the first piece, "Acis and Galatea" con- cluding the performance. Mrs. Phillips's en- tertainment,. "Mr. and Mrs. Twopenny's Tea Pal ty," is still being repeated at the Polytechnic-hall, and succeeds in affording a gratifying evening's entcitaiument to its patrons. Our sporting friends will probably not re- quire to be reminded that the entries for the autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club must be made at Mr. Bagot's office before four o'clock p.m. this day. We observe, from a return published in the Oaselte, ¡that in tho course of the month of JanuaryllG persons-were sent for from the mother country by their friends in this co lonj-, under the immigration regulations of 1805\. 40f this number there were of English and Welsh 150, of Scotch 33, and of Irish 227\. Iti the same month 2,450 persons of all ages arrived in the colony, and-2,418 sailed from it. The verdict given in tho County Court on Monday, in the case of Broivard v. Payne, was £10 and costs-not £10 costs, as re- ported. The twentieth monthly meeting of the Freemasons' Building and Investment Society was held last night. A large number of sub ' scriptions were received. Tho number of visitors to the National Museums of Natural History, Geology, and Economic Geology applied to mining, agri- culture, and the arts, for the week ending 7th March, was 1,220. We observe that the members of the Uni- versity aro requested to attend a meeting, to bo held at Scott's Hotel on tho 12th inst., at one o'clock p.m., to take steps for the eele . bration of the annual dinner of the Uni- versity. The Nuns of the Good Shepherd acknow- ledge tho sum of £81 5s., collected at sermons at St, Francis's Catholic Church,, by tho Very Rev. J. Lcntaignc, S.J., &c.; towards support- ing the 100 neglected and other females at the Industrial and Reformators--Schools, Abbots- ford. . The following is the report of the Lying-in Hospital and Infirmary for Diseases Peculiar to Women and Children, by Mr. Avert, the resident surgeon, for the month of February : -In-patients remaining on 29th February 19 ; admitted during the month, 41 ; out, patients do., 440 ; new cases, 101. A cricket match was played on Saturday, between elevens chosen from the Melbourne Gas office and the M. and H. B. U. Railway Club resulting in a victory for the latter by 112 runs and one wicket, the scores being Melbourne Gas Office, 03 ; M. and II. li. U. Railway Club, 175. For the Gas Office, Green contributed 33 (not out) ; and for the Railway. Marlow 35, Hacker 30, Gurney 27 (not out), Vaughan 25, and Grave 10, were the principal scores. At Banner's Victoria Hotel, Sandridge! lost evening, a handsome complimentary sup per was given to the champion runnei of the colony, M. Higgins. A number oi sporting men and several amateurs in pedes trianism were present; a well- known anc popular bookmaker occupied the chair. Aftoi the usual loyal toasts, and the health of thi guest of the evening, a subscription wai made up for the purpose of presenting Higgin.' with a handsome gold watch, to ,enuble hin to time himself for future performances ; ant it was shrewdly suggested that in time (no far distant) he might be found incompetitioi with some of the best runners in the oh country. A thoroughly jolly evening wa passed, the creature comforts of the enter tainment provided by host Banner being o the best, and the company including severa known as of the "right sort," contributin] to the harmonious enjoyment of the gathei ing. A pleasant entertainment was afforded last night in the new orderly-room, Carl ton, by the pupils of Mr. H. B. Gover, who gave their second concert of the season. The principal vocalists were Miss Radcliff, Miss Lewis, Miss Phillips, and Mr. F. Barber. Willie Hunter presided at the pianoforte, Mr. F. Towers at the har- monium and Mr. Gover officiated as con ductor. The programme included a selection of graceful madrigals, part songs, and ballads, which were sung for the most part with a high degree of taste and expression. The young lady soloists were very successful, and a fan- tasia on the saxophone, performed by Mr Johnson (late bandmaster of the 40th Reg ment), who selected "Robert toi que j'aime" for his theme, was a feature in the evenings entertainment. Master H. Curtis's perform- ance of a German air on the violin was also very meritorious. 