LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS: . Criminal Calendar. — The following cases have been entered for trial at the next sittings of the Supreme Court, commencing on Wednesday, the 1st April: — Thomas Rayner and John Wellock, c.p.'s, robbery with violence, Mount Eliza ; Wm. Jeffries, c.p., larceny of clothing, &c.;, at Guildford; Michael Bryant, expiree, robbery of a watch in Perth ; Wm. Wolfenden, local prisoner escaped from Perth Prison; John Marsh, horse- stealing at York ; W. T. Seymour, a settler at the Vasse, charged with the murder of his servant Davidson ; John Thomas, a settler, charged with cattle- stealing at Gingin; Wm.Tandy, c.p., charged with embezzling money belonging to Hookham John, his master ; John Cullen, Bunbury, obtaining goods under false, pretences; Patrick Manning, Bunbury, stealing £20. Bush Fires. — During the past week bush-fires have been extremely troublesome, and in some instances destructive, especially on the York road; where a dray loaded with sandalwood and the horses (three in number) were surrounded by the devouring element, and completely destroyed, the bones of the unfortunate animals and the ironwork of the dray being the only remnants left. The teamster, whose hands have been much burnt, had a narrow escape for his life. Found Drowned.— On Thursday last Mr. Charles Fox was found dead in the river near Claise Brook. On Monday morning suspicion was aroused by the absence of Mr. Fox from his residence; and on the police instituting a search, his clothes were found on the bank of the river near Mr. Jewell's, by some prisoners employed in the Claise Brook Road party. On examining the bed of the river, Mr. Fox's body was found in about four feet water, close to the shore. The deceased was naked, and from the position in. which the body was found, it would appear that he deceased had been bathing, and had become too much exhausted to lift himelf out of the water, as he was found on his feet, leaning forwards, as though trying to recover himself, having firm hold of the rushes growing on the bank. An inquest was held before the Police Magistrate, when a verdict was recorded of ' accidentally drowned whilst bathing.' ------ Theatricals. — We beg to call the attention of our readers to an advertisement appearing in onr columns this day, of an entertainment to take place - this evening at the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute. This is the first time we have ever had the pleasure of welcoming a ' troupe' of actors among us, and we feel sure that a programme will be played that will be well worth seeing. Miss Louise Arnot has earned for herself the reputation of a first-class comedienne during a long series of engagements in all the Eastern Colonies and in the United States, so that her name, alone, appearing in the programme, is a sufficient guarantee that an entertainment will be provided that we will not have the opportunity of seeing every day. Sir George Grey. — The Australasian of the 15th February says : — We observe from the home papers that Sir George Grey has been appointed to his old government — that of the colony of the Cape of Good Hope. The Volunteer Band. — We are requested to state that the Band will not perform in the Public Garden this evening, in consequence of the indispo- sition of some of the members. Government Gazette. — Yesterday's Govern- ment Gazette notifies that the following tenders have been accepted :— Samuel Rose, to supply forage for one horse attached to the Warren Road Party, at per diem 3s. 9d. Wm. Coates, to dig a Well at the Warraloo brook on the Northam Road for £10. A: Valuable Invention. — Slate rock is ground to a fine powder, and mixed with mastic or any, bituminous substance to the consistency of a thick paint, in which condition it is applied to canvas, cloth, paint, felt, or any similar substance, for roofing and other purposes. This is doubtless the 'elastic slate' of which we have heard from America. It soon hardens, and by the action of the elements, or by means of chemical action within itself becomes, it is said, almost as impervious to the action of fire or water as slate itself, though considerably less brittle. It has been applied as cements for cisterns, tanks, cellar-floors, leaky hydrants, pipes, and pumps. Inkstands have been made of it while in a plastic state, which have become as hard as stone. It has also been applied as a cheap paint to out-buildings and fences. — Builder. 