LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, 2nd June. In reply to Mr Russell, who asked if his attention liacl-been directed to the fact that miners are some times kept at work underground on election days, for the purpose of'keeping them from recording their votes; and to ask, it he proposes to alter the Electoral Act, so that polling may be extended to five in the afternoon, Mr M'Culloch said the subject would be taken into consideration with the Electoral Act. Mr Connor presented a petition from the neigh borhood of Colac, praying that the Land Bill might be brought in as soon as possible, and that some conces sion should be made in consideration of their losses for three successive years by bush-fires. In reply to Mr Kitto, Mr Sullivan said that he could not name a particular time at which the Barker's Creek Reservoir outlet would be completed. Mr Whiteman postponed the question standing in his name—Whether those volunteers who joined the force in 1S0-I, and have since served five years, and become effective, are entitled to receive a .certificate • under the Amending Land Act. In reply to Mr Byrne, Mr G. P. Smith said it was his intention on Tuesday next to briug in a bill to amend the law relating to dower, which at the present time was a great loss or inconvenience to parties wish- , ing to convey land. - The House then went into committee on the Municipal Corporations Law Amendment Bill, resum ing at the 54th clause, Mr Dyte proposing that " the tenth day of June" be substituted for the twentieth of June. . The lion. Minister of Justice would not be respon sible for the bill if such alterations were made as suggested. Messrs Dyte and.Cohen objected to the manner of the lion. Minister as to his non-responsibility. Mr Cásey defended his right to refuse the responsi bility of making the whole machinery of the bill har monise and workable if it were mutilated by the com mittee as proposed. If one date was altered it must be altered throughout, and if one were left in error it would invalidate the whole bill. Mr Reeves urged that the conference recommended the 10 th, and that most of the best informed suburban town-clerks were in favor of the 10th, as giving them more time to perfect tlicif roll. Mr Langton offered a few remarks condemnatory of the Minister of Justice declining the responsibility attached to his office. Mr Dyte said that the lion, gentleman had invited suggestions from every borough council, and they had by a conference done as he had wished, and he now wished to ignore such suggestions. Mr Casej' said he was misunderstood. He was fully prepared to consult the wishes of the committee and the conference, but he should decline the responsibi lity attached to the proposed alteration of date. The majority were in favor of the alteration from the 20tli to 10th. A number of alterations of date rendered necessary by the first change were made. The word " owners" was added after " occupiers" in X- clause 56, Mr Dyte endeavored to procure the burgess list to be open to all persons whether " inter ested," that is, containing their names or not. The clause however was left as printed. Clause 62, awarding costs in cases of frivolous ob jections, brought out Mr M'Kean, who gave " the law" on the subject, chapter and verso. The clause was however passed after some little skirmishing. The time of closing the poll was altered, on the sug gestion of Mr Bates, from four to five. In reference to clause 99, as to the questions to be put to voters—1st. What are your Christian names and surnames? Mr Dyte asked how this would apply to the Chinese who might be on the roll, would they be disfranchised or not, at the discretion of the re turning-officer ? Mr (j. P. Smith said the clause applied to those who " refused to answer" such questions put, the scrutineers would see to that. In reply to Mr Reeves, as to the difficulty which might occur in the matter of gentlemen of the Jewish persuasion who could not have a Christian imuie (laughter), he said that lie re gretted that Mr ltaeves' intelligence did not tell him that the Christian name was simply synonymous to a surname. (Mear, and laughter.) Mr Mackay would like to know why a Chinaman should not be allowed to vote if he paid rates. He then addressed himself to the direction of the gang way, and the remainder of his remarks were inaudible in the gallery, but he was understood to be generally upholding the right of all persons on the roll to vote. Mr Burtt became facetious in the explanation of his views, which were in favor of the clause as it stood, which was then agreed to. [Left sitting.] The following supplements our report of proceed ings in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday:— The report of the Local Government Act Amend ment Bill was considered and agreed to, and tho measure read a third time and passed, and ordered to be sent to the other branch of the Legislature. In accordance with the report of the Railway Com mittee, and in compliance with the wishes of several hon. members, the second reading of tho North Eastern llailway Construction Bill was postponed until Thursday next. The House then went into committee for the further consideration of the Municipal Corporations Act Amendment Bill. A number of clauses having been dealt with, progress was reported, and tho re maining business having been postponed, the House, at twenty minutes after eleven, adjourned until four o'clock on Wednesday. 