CHAMPION BAY. From a Correspondent. Anyone visiting Geraldton twelve months ago, and visiting it now, would be surprised at the difference. Last year the teams could be counted by dozens, and now there is scarcely one to be seen. This is all attributable to the ' red rust,' which has certainly made a great change. But still there is no want of the 'go-a-head' system here, as we notice a good and substantial hotel is being built by our fellow townsman Mr. D. H. Scott; and as far as it is possible to judge by its present appearance, it bids fair to be the best house of its kind in the district. The exterior of the Wesleyan chapel is finished, and the church, I am happy to say, has at last been commenced. Several small cottages are also rising up in different directions, and along the Mines' road, nearly opposite the Government depot. The new barracks for the pensioners are rapidly nearing com- pletion, and, I hear, are to be occupied iu the course of a month. So you see that, notwithstanding the ' red rust,' we are still advancing ; but unfortunately something else is doing the same — i.e., ' the sand.' A great deal of that nearest to the town has lately been bushed ever, and this has unquestionably done good; but the party employed at it, as well as all the private teams, have lately been withdrawn. Why this is I am unable to say ; but this I do know, that , if the southerly winds now blowing continue for some time, that already bushed will require doing again. A bush fence was put across the drift from east to west some time since, but very little of it is now visible. I should fancy the best plan would be to put another fence on the top of that already covered, and continue to do so as fast as they disap- pear. This would at all events prevent the sand that is behind advancing farther than the fence, and that in front could than be properly bushed and sown. Our harbour has not presented a very striking appearance lately, although at present we have the Forget-me-Not, Flying Foam, Argo, and Arabian ; but as the only colonial produce we have for shipment is sand, there is no inducement for coasters to visit us, as most of them are obliged to return to Fre- mantle in ballast. The Forget-me-Not has made a trip to Port Gregory since arriving from Fremantle, aad returned with 95 tons of lead ore. - : There are three cases for the sessions on Wednes- day, the worst ot which is for the murder of Messrs. Brown's native (Charlie). We have had some very seasonable weather lately, and bush-fires have been burning in all directions, but I have not heard of any serious losses from them. We decidedly want something to stir us up here. I think if the Galatea had called in it would have had the desired effect (at least, it appears to have done so in Perth and Fremantle). Between those that did go to the ball, and those that did mot, it appears to be stirring times, but I believe that 'after a storm comes a calm.' Geraldton, Feb. 28. 