COUNTRY NEWS. The district of Ballarat has been created into a deanery of the Roman Catholic Church, and on Saturday the Rev. James Moore was invested with the dignity of first dean. Two children named Parsons, aged seven and five years, were drowned lately while bathing in the Murrumbidgee, near Bal- ranald. We read in a Beechworth paper of the Rechabites holding "some sort of a kick- up, or rather innocent and innoculous spree, on or about Good Friday." The author after- wards explains that he means a pic-nic. A child, named Norman M'Donald, was drowned in a waterhole at Clunes the other day. At the inquest the coroner passed a strong condemnation on the conduct of two men who saw the accident, and did nothing towards the rescue of the child. At the Ararat Circuit Court, William Howard was brought to trial charged with the abduction of a girl named Catherine Hazelton. If the statement of the girl is to be believed, the prisoner took her away at her own request, to save her from the vio lence of her stepfather. The jury found him "Guilty," with a recommendation to mercy, and prisoner, expressing his readiness to marry the girl if permitted, received the lenient sentence of a fortnight's imprison- ment. It is not often that a legal gentleman has to be committed for contempt of Court, but such a fate befell Mr. Gell, on Monday, at Bacchus Marsh Court of Petty Sessions. Mr. Gell made some remarks which Mr. Shuter, P.M., considered impertinent, and was ordered to sit down. He refused to do so, and dared the Bench to commit him. After a consultation, the Bench committed him for twenty- four hours. Shortly afterwards, Mr. Gell offered to make an apology, and being brought back to the court made the required amende, and was released. ''Whilst the thunderstorm of Wednesday last was raging," says the Beaufort Chronicle, "Mr. Dunnett, of Stockyard-hill, sustained a severe loss by two horses being killed by lightning. Three horses wore in the stable, and when the storm had subsided it was found that the building had been struck by the electric fluid, one end being completely smashed. The horse in the middle stall was perfectly safe, but those to the right and left were dead, one with a mark on the forehead as if of a heavy blow, and the other with the head turned partly round and the lower jaw broken." The fish in the Murrumbidgee, as well as in the Yarra, have had a bad time of it lately. The Wagga Wagga Advertiser says :--" The late heavy rains have brought vast quantities of dried leaves, and the shed bark of forest trees, into the lagoons and creeks, and the consequence of the powerful astringent yielded by such vegetable deposit, after saturation, has been to affect the fish powerfully, and render them 'sick,' as it is termed. An immense number may be seen on the surface of the large natural reservoirs, where they float belly upwards, or swim lan- guidly near the banks, with the dorsal fin en tirely exposed. Upwards of seventy very fine fish were taken a few days since from a lagoon near the town. The river is also in a terribly turbid state, and the fish there also appear sensibly affected, swimming in con- siderable quantities upon the surface, and evidently 'out of sorts.'" It will be remembered that Keilor Road District was subdivided some time back by the Governor in Council into three separate electoral subdivisions, and that, after a good deal of shifting, the 16th inst. was fixed for taking the poll. Mr. Malcolm Ritchie had a walk-over in Tullamarine. The vacant seat of DouttaGalla was contested, and the popular candidate, Mr. E. Cahill, was returned with a majority of two to one; at four p.m. the state of the poll was declared for Cahill, 34 ; Sharpe, 15. In Keilor the favourite candidate was Mr. Phelan, who was elected. Everything passed off well, except that a man named McWhirter was accident- ally ridden down by the chairman of the board, Mr. James Robertson. The man is, however, progressing favourably under medical care. Mr. Phelan's return was announced amidst outbreaks of satisfaction all over the village, as he has always identified himself with Keilor, and has done much for the advance- ment of the district. After a very long interval, we see at length evidence of reviving animation in the Grant testimonial movement. The Talbot Leader reports :--"A meeting of the executive com- mittee of the 'Grant Testimonial Fund' took place at Talbot on Tuesday afternoon. It was stated that gentlemen in various parts of the colony who were active in forwarding the movement had requested the committee not to close the subscription-lists until after harvest, as they considered that by doing so the fund would bel materially increased and the farmers enabled to subscribe money in consonance with their feelings and wishes. That time having now arrived, it was resolved that the secretary send a notice to each local committee, requesting them to report pro- gress in regard to the success of the move- ment and amount of subscriptions collected and promised in their districts, on or before the 1st of March. We understand that active steps will now be taken to push this matter to a successful end." A supposed case of poisoning has occurred in tho Western district. The Hamilton cor- respondent of the Western Times writes :-- "An inquest was hold at Muddy Creek last Saturday afternoon, on the body of a farmer over fifty years of age, who died suddenly that morning. The evidence of the wife and daughter showed that he had partaken of something 'nice and sweet,' 'like nice soft water,' from a bottle that he said he found in or at the creek which runs close to the house, and which bottle, after drinking about a cupful, he threw back again into the creek ; and that in his last moments he is said to have said 'that bottle has cooked me.' At the post-mortem examination it was deemed advisable to remove the stomach and con tents, and forward them to the Government analyst, as the appearance of the internal coat was of such a nature as to induce a suspicion that poison was the cause of death." The name of the deceased is given as George Pain. The Bacchus Marsh Express, writing of the discussion in the Legislative Assembly on the merits of Mr. Jeremiah Ryan as a justice, says:-- "We imagine that our Attorney General has actually astonished those who provided him with his brief when he spoke of Mr. Ryan's scholastic abilities as being supe rior to those of Mr. Bowman, and stated the probability of his being a member of the House. We know little of Mr. Bowman's abilities, but as a Melbourne merchant and representative of the important constituency of Maryborough, we ask our readers who have listened to Mr. Ryan's oratory whether it is within the bounds of belief that Mr. Smith's comparison is a just one. Mr. Smith chose to say several things about the memorial sent in to the Government against Mr. Ryan's appointment which showed that he had been misinformed. The opposition to the appoint- ment does not proceed from political motives alone, although we admit that naturally the Liberals are less incensed as a body than the Constitutionalists, but we believe (and sin cerely hope too) that the next Parliamentary election in Bacchus Marsh will show that many Liberals are angered at the degradation their party has suffered ; and had it been thought necessary a much more numerous list of signatures could have been appended to the memorial to testify to this fact. If any of the circumstances surrounding Mr. Ryan's appointment had been of a worthy character we ' venture to assert' (as Mr. Smith might say) that party politics would not have caused the ill-feeling which has been shown." A laughable incident, exemplifying to what an extraordinary extent the force of imagina- tion can carry a man, occurred not many miles from the Stockyard- hill police station some few days ago. "The story runs," says the Beaufort Chronicle, "that an honest far- mer there resident, having business in Beau- fort, left his homestead during the day, in company with his wife and a young man, leaving his house to look after itself. Busi- ness detaining him rather late, it was quite dark at his return. About to enter his dwel- ling, he paused abruptly, startled at some strange noises proceeding from a room in the front of the house. With a desperate re- solve, seasoned with a wholesome fear, he determined to capture the burglar. In the next room to the one so un- desirably occupied there hung a loaded gun, and creeping through the window, our farmer secured this coigne of vant- age ; and then, posting himself in a position to command the only two methods of egress from the room--the door and window--he loudly intimated to the depredator that he was caught in his own toils, and that if he dared to attempt escape he would be slain on the instant. The young man was then de- spatched in hot haste for Constable M'Coppin, who waited but to seize his revolver and loaded whip, and rushed away intent on capture. Arrived near the house, he could hear the farmer still holding out polite in- ducements to the thief to stop and be arrested, after this wise--" Now, ye'd better stop still, for if you put the tip of your nose out- side, by--I'll blow it off." Of course, the thief was remarkably quiet, and the con- stable was supplied with a light, directed to the door, and exhorted 'not to be afraid.' In rushed the constable with presented pistol and a thundering ' stand !' But no thief presented himself, and evidently there was no one in, on receiving which assurance the worthy trio looked amazement, and with a deal of hesitation joined in the search. The beds were overturned, and not a corner escaped overhauling, when on a sudden from beneath a chest of drawers out rushed a big black cat !" One of the most destructive bush-fires that have occurred for some time took place on Saturday and Sunday at Bullarook. The Ballarat Star reports the particulars of the principal losses as collected by a visit to the place. Thus it appears that "the farm of Mr. Kinivan had been partly crossed by fire, which he suspected had originated in the paddock of a neighbour who had been burn- ing stubble, and that he had met with a severe loss, stated by himself to be over £250. The fire proceeded along a lot of fencing, clearing it away, and entered the enclosure in which he had a small stack of hay. This caught, and was totally consumed, the flames also catching and burning down a stable and a barn, with a lot of farm implements of considerable value. Proceeding from Mount Warrenheip into the forest, in the direction of Cochrane's mill, at a place which is pretty well known as ' Everard's,' we came upon a scene of destruction which would hardly be credited except by those who saw it. The whole farm of Mr. John Carroll, with the exception of a corner on which he, happily, has his dwellinghouse, was black from the ground, which was as bare as a well- swept roadway, to a height of forty or fifty feet up the trunks of the trees, which grow very thickly in that locality. Mr. Carroll could not inform us of the amount of his loss, but besides his storehouse and fencing he had 500 bushels of wheat, 400 bushels of oats, and eleven or twelve tons of hay in his hayrick. Further into the forest, near Mr. Clark's mill, a considerable number of people were burnt out, with the ex- ception of what they stood up in. In the township of Dean, situated between the Moorabool and Musk Creek, which joins the Devil's Creek, Mrs. Reedy had crops to a considerable value burnt, together with a barn. Mr. Dorsey, living near to her, lost £200 worth of property. Mr. Shehan, also in the neighbourhood, lost between £150 and £180 worth. We came across a Portuguese living there who had oats that were in stack destroyed to the value of over £100. Mr. Pain lost considerably, and so did Mr. Blunt, in fencing ; and Mr. Butterworth, who was burnt out completely, stated himself to be a loser to the amount of about £300. Mr. Gloucester, living on the Devil's Creek, lost everything he possessed." "During one of the most eventful periods of the Peninsular war," writes the Ballarat Star, " an aide-de-camp of the Duke of Wel- lington was seen by one of the Rothschilds riding furiously in a particular direction. The wary and intelligent stockjobber had been watching for him, and judging correctly that the aide's appearance denoted news of an important kind, the Rothschild despatched a pigeon with most momentous news fastened beneath its wing. And so it came to pass that the next morning early an agent of the great house was found to be making pur- chases on the London Stock Exchange, and had bought heavily, without opposition, until a great booming of cannon from the Tower announced in unmistakable terms that another victory had fallen to our Iron Duke. It was such efforts as these that helped to make those gigantic fortunes which now con- trol the money markets of the woild. Our Ballarat Stock Exchange has some imitators of Rothschild, and in an instance which occurred during the past week the imitators have given evidence of having equal quick- ness of perception and soundness of judg- ment. On Wednesday last a gentleman from Ballarat visited Mount Egerton. He had passed over a parched and burnt-up country all the way, when suddenly, just as he entered Egerton, down fell some heavy drops of rain. Anon a heavy pour com- menced, such as the Egertonians had eagerly been longing for. The Ballarat visitor found himself in the midst of a lot of buoyant people, and was himself in high glee when he saw, with his own eyes, that the quartz crushing companies' dams were being rapidly filled. He had no carrier-pigeon, but he had a horse, and hurriedly putting on the harness, he drove back with all speed to Ballarat. As he neared the town, the scene offered new delights. He found the roads as dry as he had left them. In and around Bal- larat not a drop of lain had fallen. Now for his chance. Off ho posted to one of our sharebrokers. 'Buy me some shares in the Black Horse,' quoth he. 'The price is so and-so--you can give a little more--but buy them.' 'I cannot get them at the price,' says the broker ; ' they have advanced dur- ing the day. At three o'clock it was known that rain had fallen at Egerton, and the shares advanced £7 in price.' ' At three o'clock,' cited the would-be buyer, ' why the rain did not fall for fully half an hour after that !' And in truth this was the fact, but our Corner men had seen dark clouds hover- ing in the direction of Egerton, and com- menced to speculate in Black Horse shares, on the suspicion that the company's dam would be full of water. And they were right." 