NARANDERA. [FROM OUR OW-CORRESPONDENT.] THE weather is all that could be desired, our most pressing fear is that the creeks and river may, owing to the late rains, exceed their usual limits, in which case an immense deal of grass now ready for the scythe, on the low lying flats, will be destroyed. The cry of " rain wanted," which has for some time past been an almost everlasting subject for newsless country correspondents, will be in a few weeks, in all probability, re placed by accounts of destructive bush-fires, hot winds, and thermometer 120* in the shade, so that the elements not only supply a never-ending theme (though doubtless an uninteresting one) but are at short intervals the sources of very great anxiety to all in- terested. An accident, which might have been at tended with much more serious consequences, happened some short time since to a man named Daniels, who, with his mate, was fell- ing timber for a fence, at Cowarbee. Owing to some carelessnes or error in judgment as to the direction the falling tree would take, he was unable to get clear of it, and it falling on him fractured his collar bones, and gave him a very severe shaking—his mate being close at hand, was fortunately enabled to quickly release him from his unpleasant posi- tion and forward him to the Wagga Wagga Hospital. This is another of the hundreds of instances showing working men especially that they ought whilst in health to give liberally of their means to such an institution. Yet, I regret to have remarked that there are dozens of men, hard-working and industrious, who, when the long-worked-for cheque is in hand, appear to take great pleasure in "knocking it down" at a public house or shanty (and often have to be removed from that place— to the hospital, gaol, or madhouse) ; but when asked by their employers for a sub- scription, however small, to the district hospital, refuse to give. This is not, I hope and believe, the general behaviour; but that some instances of the above have occurred, I know for a fact. Business down here is unusually dull for this season of the year. Changes in the "public" line are spoken of as likely to occur shortly. It is now raining steadily, and if it reaches the head of the river, there will be every probability of a heavy flood. A petition is in course of preparation for a money-order office here, in connection with the post office ; and as some profit and no expense to our very paternal Government is likely to follow its establishment, there is no doubt its prayer will be readily granted. 