ADELAIDE -MESSRS DEAN, LAUGHTON AND CO.'S R i'PORT. Thursday, :11th February. Fat Cattle—A. fair amount of business has been done during the past fortnight, the supplies about .equalling the demand. The prices for all classes have been maintained, but best quality cattle are most sought after. We hove sold—78 head of "good bulloeks, for Mr Joseph Gilbert, averaging £8 12s 6d; 17 head of oil.tle, <for Mr John •Kirkham, averaging £8 4a lOd; 31 head cattle, for Mr F. B. R.indell, averaging £6 2s; 82 head oattle, for sundry owners, averaging £7 18s'2d; 44 hfad-of cattle, for sundry owners, averaging £6 3s. Quotations—Prime bullocks, from £7 10s to £12; inferior to good bullocks, from £5 to . £7; prijne cows, from £6 to £9; inferior to good cows, from £4 to £5 10a. Fat Sheep Tiave arrived of late better in quality than for some time previously, and some of the supplies have been very superior. Business has showD some animation, saleB hiving been more brisk, and the market more readily cleared- than has been the case for a considerable period. We have sold 4,900 head.—Quotations—Best: merino wethers, from 8s to 10s ; second wethers, from 6s to 7s 6d. Fat Lambs of good quality are in limited supply, land such ara readily saleable at improved rates. Quotations—5s to 7b 6d. Store Cattle—Not much, doing. Store Sheep—There is very little doing ill this description of stock, ■ but should the drought break up, as it promises, .we |ook for a demand arising. We have sold: 850 wethi-r weaners and young, wethers. Stations—Nothing doing. A few days ago (says the Geelong Ad vertiser) we heard' several squatters con gratulating themselves that the rain which nad fallen had been sufficient in quantity to prevent, at any rate during the present season, the recurrence of those calamitous bush fires, which a few weeks ago played such havoc with stock, grass, and fencing. ; There-is an 'old..saiying, " You. should never crow until .yon, are, out of the wood," and this, we think, would have boen very applicable in the present "ease On Saturday bush fires could be seen raging in every direction. The coach coming down from Camperdown passed through n large fire, which wns close to either side of the road for a distance of five and a half miles, the heat being almost sufficient to roast passengers, coachmen, and horses : alive luckily, they were or.lv nieply browned. Mr J. H. Connor, suffered severely—a great deal, if not all of his grass being burnt, and, so we were informed, his stock consumed. A report was also circulated, in - town that a number of email farmers and splitters, re siding near Buningvong, were burnt out of, hon«e and home, and we should not feel sur prised if, in the course of a- day or two, we Lear that bush.fires have prevailed all over the colony. Dtirintr Saturday nitrht a larire bush fire, apparently between Winchf-lsea and the coast, illuminated the sky for many miles around. 