BUSHFIRES IN GIPPSLAND DESTRUCTION OP THE TOWNSHIP OP GLADSTONE. I (Jj rom the Gtppsland Times. Dec. 29.) Christmas Eve, 1868, will be long remem bered by those who, on the morning of thai memorable day were preparing for holding the Christmas festival at Gladstone. The •people of Sale, Stratford, Maffra, Kosedale. and the other towns and villages situated on the.Gippsland plains, will recollect that Thursday last was remarkable for heat, and that the hot, or rather burning wind, which blew in strong and. fitful gusts from the north-west," seemed as if it had been heated "in a'cauldronj or bad passed through an immense furnace. But if the inhabitants of the plains have reason to remember the heat and scorching winds of that day, how much more so have the people of the moan tains, over whom the fire actually passed. The history of the little goldficld hamlet known as Gladstone is easily told. It sprung .into existence immediately after the dis covery of gold in Maximilian Creek, a tribu tary of Free3toneCreek,'some twelve mouths ago. and was situated about fifteen miles beyond Stratford and twenty-seven from Sale. At one time the population amounted to between 200 and 300 miners within a radius of two miles. Nuggets weighing from two to three ounces to as many pounds have been occasionally found within a few yards of the hamlet; bat as the run of gold was supposed to be broken, and found only on choice spots on the creek, the population became scattered. Still, Gladstone was considered the township, and the diggers who had not very far to travel to their work, made it their home. A number of neat little cottages were erected by those who had families, one general store, kept by Messrs Spurling and Mitchell, supplied the inhabitants with provisions; a butcher's shop was kept by Mr Gilder, and Mr Heri tage distributed the staff of life from a moderate-sized baker's shop. Altogether, with places of business, cottages, and huts, there were between twenty and thirty buildings on the creek. Maximilian Creek, like all the tributaries of the Avon River, is bounded by high banks, densely tim bered with stringy bark, box, apple-tree and wattle saplings, almost netted together with thick underwood, so that a bush fire could not possibly be confined to one side of the stream. The inhabitants had, how ever, no apprehension that they wonld be visited by any such calamity, because the ranges for some miles round had been under fire some four, or five weeks previously, and they had no thought that a second fire could come near their buildings. On Christmas Eve the inhabitants at Gladstone bad been reduced to a very small number, some of the men being at work on other parts of 'the creek, and others having al ready entered upon the Christmas holidays. The only women left were Mrs Bustorff, who resided about three quarters of a mile below Gladstone, alone with three little children, her husband being engaged at work two miles down the main creek; aud Mrs Gilder, the butcher's wife, with four little" children^ who was also alone, the husband having gone to the Top Plains early in the morning to purchase cattle. There were only eight'men on the township —Mr .Thomas Gellatly, .who; fortunately happened to be on the creek at the time, and Messrs John Black, John Thornton,- Joseph Heritage,'J. C. Clark, George .Hilton, J. Cornaek, and J. Schooller. ' .'The morning was oppressively hot, and as thick clouds d smoke hung over Freestone and Maximi'ia) Creeks, the male portion of the'eomummt betook themselves to a drive 'in Stuart' Gully, where they could enjoy a coole atmosphere. The wind, however, gradual]; got stronger, and the thickening" clouds' o smoke gave unmistakable indications of ai approaching fire, r As the fire pursued it course down Freestone Creek; Mrs Burstol was the first to perceive the flames shootiuj upwards on the summit of the ranges, hu being alone .with" three helpless children and three-quarters of a mile from a habita tion, she knew not what to do. ' She hopei that before her dwelling was consume; that some one might come to her assistance and so she waited, hesitating, until thi flames were within a. fewyards of the house when knowing that a minute's longer dela; would be death to herself and little ones placing one of the children on her shoulder andtaKing one under each' arm' (althougl a delicate;woman,-small and slender),' shi pursued her way up the. creek over a rougl and stony path," so mpch so that. she.hat actually to spring from crag to-' crag, ,oi crawl under the branches of fallen trees She reached Gladstone, in' safety. ' Mr: Gilder had been told when the smoke dark "ened the air;and" the beat became 'alinosl unbearable, that "she would be acting wiselj to bring her children up into one of th( drives, so that,' should the fire reach th( township, she and her family would bt saved, but she laughed at the idea of a fin coming near them. About half-pasl twelve' o'clock Black went out ol the drive where he and-Mr Gellatly liac been staying, to look round, and had uc sooner gone out than he threw up his hand; and exclaimed, V" Good God, the flames art bursting oyer the range, and will be dowi iq Gladstone in a minute,". He and latly then ran towards the houses. and, see ing Mrs Bustorff coming up the creek, rai to her assistance. There was not a momeni now to be lost; the ranges on both sides ol the creek were enveloped in a sheet of fire the flames shot upwards njany feet above the tops of the highest trees, bringing dowt the aged and decayed monarchs of the fo'rest vrith a, crash, and lopping off branches from others, while the devouring element like a surging sea, was close on the houses A horrible death seemed to arva.it the iuha bitants, when Thomas Gellatly and Johi Black lifted the children in their arms anc directed the women to follow them, the two menacing every exertion, regardless of their own safety, to bring the women and children to a place of security. The women proceeded, as they were told, about 300 yards, to Stuart's Gully, though their short journoy.was a dangerous one, for the smoke was stifling, and their dresses caught fire often from falling leases and burning .embers. Th6 women were so. overcome with excitement, heat, and fatigue, that they fainted' as they got to the tunnel, where they.: were closely packed. The exca vation ua§ ft small one to contain seven Children and two women, hut here they remained, Gellatly and Black standing be fore them and keeping the burning leaves from their dresses. Their feftr. and agi tation were no doubt' considerably in creased through the indiscretion of the man ScheoUor, who lost all presence of U^ind, and commenced to impress upon them that this was the end of - the world, that they were now in the midst of a vol-' canic eruption, and that besides the sheet ofiire which'they saw rolling, like a vast ■wave.up the creek the hills would soon meet together."- Fortunately for himself, School ler soon,-disappeared down a shaft, where lie sought refuge from the groat volcano. Whilst Gellatly and Black were protecting the women and children, others were trying io'save come provisions, but they secured only, two loave3 of bread and one bottle of gin.' Clarke seized upon six pairs of blan kets which were in Stuart's hut, and threw them into a waterhole, but by this time the •flames were uponhim, and ho wpacompelled to jump in aftor the blankets.'" Ho had no sooner sot into, the" water and covered his hc.ad with fh'e wet blankets, than a large ' wallaby, jumped in alongside of him and kept hiiu company, remaining under the protection of the blanket until the fire was over. The other men made to abandoned shafts in which they knew there \v3*;e small drives, and by constantly extinguishing the burning branches which fell to the bottom, kept themselves occupied until the atmo sphere became sufficiently clear to enable thorn to come to thesurface. The scene now completely baffled description. The flames surged onwards and roared like a raging sea. As the women looked out from their retreat they could see nothing hut black smoke relieved ocasionally by the red flare of the fire, whilst the noise was deafening and the heat insupportable. The children were crying all the time for water, and there was nono to wet 'their lips.' " For two hours did they remain in that position,, with no hope of ever again seeing the light of day, when Mr Gellatly ventured out in search of water. H e was, however, fully half an hour, groping about in the dark, before he could, find a watorhole. As the smoke gradually cleared however, and the daylight returned, the scene which met the gaze was one of desolation—not a vestige of a house to be seen—the entire village had been but a morsel in the month of the devouring giant, and no living object was visible. Horses, pigs, goats, dogs, poultry, every species of the lower animals being consumed, with the exception of a ball-dog that had broken from his chain and hid in a waterhole, and even this animal was completely crippled. The creek was strewed with the burned carcases of horses, goats, and other animals. Here were seventeen people huddled togetfce with no house to cover them, and the childrer. and the women without a change of clothes The men, of course, proceeded to erect mis inias, but this was a poor protectiob.against the night air. The conduct of a young ma: named: Armour here deserves to be men tioned; as soon as information got dow the creek thatGladstonc had been consume.,, he loaded a horse with provisions and othe necessaries, and made his way through tb< burning bush to relieve the sufferers, an< although his journey was a perilous one h* succeeded, and reached the sinoulderiUL ruins at ten o'clock at night, when he wa. hailed with three cheers from the houseles: 'survivors. They were not long withon: ample stores, for'Armour's father, not know ing that his son had gone on the errand ol mercy, started after sundown, in company with.Gilders, who did not expect to see his family alive, and reached the camp by three o'clock in the morning. When the horrors of the afternoon were passed, and the women felt they were safe, after returning thanks for their preservation to Him who enabled them to pass through the fire, they offered no. measured thanks to Messrs Gellatly and Black for their attention and courage; for the general opinion was that, only for the calmness and skilfnl generalship of Mr Gel latiy, assisted by Mr Black, in so trying an hour, there would not have been one left to tell the tale. After the women and children had been secured, Messrs Gallatly and Black tried to recover a box of geological specimens, which the former gentleman had been six months in collecting, but they were driven hack by the fiaihes, and were unable to accomplish their object. Such was Christmas Eve at Gladstone—a Christ mas Eve to be remembered by those wbo witnessed the awful and terrible scene—and now the little goldfield hamlet, which a-few days ago was the resort of the industrious miner, is obliterated from the map of Gipps land, while the inhabitants, with few exceptions, are deprived of all they pos sessed. To have secured any property would have been an impossibility, for no more than five minutes elapsed from the time that Black cried out, " The fire is on the township," till the women were secured in the drive. : Applying Chloroform to Tame Os triches.—Sir—When at Cape Town in the beginning-of 1863,1 made inquiries about a certain ostrich-farm that I had heard .abont, and was told that the chief diffi culty. in obtaining the ornamental plumes from the tame birds consisted in their struggling "so violently when caught that they often injured their legs, and gene rally died in consequence. I suggested the use of chloroform to. my informant. How, in a note to Mr Chapman's Travels (vol. I., p.343), the anthor states;—" HiB Excel lency Sir George Grey recently communi cated the result of an experiment which was attended with great success. The white feathers, abont forty in number, of the ^ostriches kept in the gardens at Government. House,- having "been plucked _wbilp the birds were under the influence of1 chloroform, were replaced in a few- months by others of equal beauty. The success of the experiment so humanely conducted is not without its com mercial importance, and may . perhaps lead to the domestication of these valuable and magnificent birds, whose feathers are worth in the Cape Town market JE10 the ton ;[sicQ weight." The price assigned is untelli gible. I find, upon inquiry, that the cur rent price of prirge ostrich plumes is -£5G or JS57 per lb, of inferior JE45 or less. . They are sold In bundles of lib each,' containing sixty to seventy feathers; and one mode used to increase the weight of them is'to fill the quills with some ; heavy substance As ostrich-farming is! now being attempted in; Australia, where Land and Water is reacl by persons interested in the experiment, I recommend the use of anesthetics to their attention.—Z.—Land and (Voter. ■ Steaming Inferior - Hat for Cattle Food.^-A correspondent of the Gardeners" Chronicle writes as follows:—" If any one has a stack of even very inferior hay that may have been* got up in bad oondition, it may be tnrned to very excellent account by the process of steaming, which, if properly done, produces a'sweet and nutritious food almost equivalent to grass. A new fer mentation is set up, and saccharine matter : seems to be generated afresh; but this does .not last longer than three days, when fresh : quantities must he prepared. At a time when I had a large stock cf hay spoiled by its being got up in a wet state, it was so black and mouldy that a neighbouring farmer offered to lay it in his stackyard I and give me an equivalent in manure; but J as I had the means at hand I steamed a small quantity, and to the surprise of the i farmer as well as myself, a load of clean I and sweat hay was produced, which the cows ate greedily, and the flush of milk was instantaneous. Tho farmer doubted it was the damaged hay until he had seen a quan tity steamed" 1 1 "What is Petroleum ?—Professor Hitch- I cock, of New York, states that petroleum is unquestionably of organic origin. ' In his \ opinion, the great mass of it has been de rived from plants; it has been thought by some to be derived from the animal king dom, being either a fish oil or a substance related to adipocere. It does not appear to be the result of a natural distillation of coal, since its chemical composition is diffe rent from the oil manufactured from the cannels, containing neither aniline nor nitrobenzole. Moreover, petroleum occupied fissures in the Silurian and Devonian strata of America long before the trees of the coal period were growing in their native forests. Brineisgenerally associated with petroleum, and the fact of the slight solubility of hydro-carbon in fresh water, but insolubility in salt water, excites the inquiry whether salt water of primeval lagoons may not have prevented the. escape cf the vegetable ga^es beneath^ and Condensed them into hquta. ■ The immense territory in North America, several hundred square miles in SIcent, underlaid by certain geological for mations in an unaltered state, implies that the petroleum of the New World, like its coal, is probably inexhaustible. In a paper by Professor Hitchcock, read before the British Association in I8G6, ho states that in five years the United States of America produced more than 300,000,000 gallons of petrolenmi The average daily yield in the year 1SG6 was at least 12,000 barrels. The business of collecting, transporting, and refining it employed as many hands as either the coal or iron trade. The most prolific of all the petroleum regions is West Pennsylvania. The oil is found be neath each of tho three sandstones, or sets of impervious strata. Petroleum may occur in cavities and fissures in the strata. The existpnce~of a cavity is inferred from the prodigious amount of fluid spouting out of tho ground; at tho Grant well at Pitt Hole the produce was at the rate of 1800, barrels of petroleum per day. There are no less than fourteen different formations in North America from which, petroleum has been obtain?!*. The quantity of petroleum : gallons, exclusive of coal oil, exported from tho United States in each of the four ] month, February to March of the present year, was as follows:—February, 5G1.0S6 crude and 4,434,393 refined; March, uG7,iG3 crude and 3,624,974 refined; April, 824.45S crude and 5,113,739 regned; May, 1,812,285 crude and G,!ipS^>o2 refined. Petroleum explorers look for regions'where tho strata have been jpucli folded and broken, pro mising that the dislocations may produce cavities in which the fluid will accumulate. The best surface indications generally guide tc shallow wells.—Times, Aug. 2S. Theodore's Son.—A correspondent, who, has had an interview with Captain Speedy and his prot&gi;, the Prince Alamayou, sends us the following" D.ejatch Alamayou is tall for his age, but touchingly childlike in manner- He.is altogether a very interesting child. Captain Speedy speaks of him as an affectionate, gentle, manageable boy. Dur ing the journey he showed much anxiety to see the Queon. Captain Speedy said the little Prince could write, and read fluently in his own language, which consists of '251 letters, and has no vowels. The little fel low also speaks a few words of English. He sleeps with Captain Speedy, and is much distressed if parted from the captain for ever so short a time. When the Queen of Abyssinia was dying Captain Speedy was asked to take charge .of the child, but he had to take a solemn oath to the dying mother before he was entrusted with her son. The Queen said to him,' Have you a mother ?' The answer was ' Yes.* * Then,' remarked the Queen, 'swear, May Ood" cauBe my mother to die a bitter death if I do not act towards tfa£*chU Eon-'" Captain Speedy swore ho would ■ do ^w 5atk^.°f 1118 abUit*' ■»* the Queen Hbaltht Eatino.—Seated at a table, Had his series of precepts boxed and par honed in his mind, each as ready to his hand is the letters in a compositor's case.- Idas icate thoroughly, in a cheerful, compose-' tumour, and drink in sips. An hour or tw» uter eating, a little more liquid facilitate .nstead of impeding digestion. Gentl •xercise is allowable after meals. Drinl •eer in a wine-glass, in order to maintain the habit of only sipping while eating. Th> drinking being well under control, there ip 10 danger of over eating. The moment the irst appetite is satisfied leave off, and lie not tempted by any delicacy to reeom mence. The table philosopher has a win ning way with him, whispering the fol lowing into ladies' ears. The signs of healthy eating under rule, as exhibited in the conntenance, are "clearness and smoothness of complexion, thinness of lips and nose, no wrinkles under the eyes, the eyes bright, .the mouth inclined to a smile, not drawn down with a I sour look, as is the case with an overcharged digestion. There should be no fulness in the nnder lip, or nneasy sensation when pressed, which is a sure sign of derange ment of the stomach. Most especially, the lower part of the nose should have a clear, healthy appearance, not thickened and fall of dark clot3 and inflammatory impurities, as is so frequently to be ob served. The difference between a pure state and that of irregular living is so great as to produce in many persons an almost complete change of appearance in expres sion of countenance and personal attrac tion ; and attention to diet is of the first consequence to those who wish to improve or retain their looks as well as to enjoy the perfect possession of their faculties." 