The Colonial Monthly. Melbourne: Clarson, Mussina, and Co. (PBOM THE AKGtrS.) This popular magazine commences the new year with an excellent number, which introduces a new contributor in the author of a very pleasantly-written sketch, entitled "A Cruise in o Coaster." The writer ad venturously set sail for the west coast of New Zealand, some weeks ago, in a small schooner, and though his adventure seems to have been attended with no little discomfort, and even hardship, he went through with it in so manly and cheerful a spirit as to find health and enjoyment in an experience that would have been positive misery to the average city man. The little sketch will be read with pleasure by most people, and to sea-loving boys it will prove quite a treat. The continued tale entitled "Graves by the Willows" is concluded in the number before us, and ends, as was to hare been ex pected, in the tragic deaths of the occupants of the graves referred to in the title. The gallant Captain Pcngelly perishes in a bush fire that had been raised by the crazy ruffian Douglas, and his wife soon after dies of a broken heart. This little story is not want ing in merit, though the writer has shown a greater anxiety to render it racy of the soil than ability to carry out the intention. The Scotch introduced, we may remark, is simply execrable. An article entitled "My Friend's Douse" is a somewhat rhapsodical description of a suburban villa. The remaining papers comprise a continua tion of "Cicadse," "Eights and Liberties," and some chapters of "Long Odds." In the latter considerable progress is made with the action of the tale, and the author ends with a very strong situation, which must produce great results in the next chapter. Deserted by her husband, and beset by the insidious attentions of Dacre, poor Carry has so far committed herself as to visit a theatre with the latter, alone and surreptitiously, and on her return to her own house is just about to receive a declaration from her com panion when her husband suddenly appears on the scene. The wonderful horse "Cardi nal," too, grows into increased importance, by reason of his excellent performances on the training-ground, and there seems to be some hope that he will right much that is wrong in the affairs of Mr. Cal verly by pulling off the races for which he is entered. The dialogue of this story continues to be very smartly written, and the reader will often find himself puzzled to make out how a colonial author comes to be so thoroughly versed in the follies and vices of London swells. " Bights and Liberties" is tjie one political article in the number, and in it some of the evils of our political system are ably exposed. The principal aim of the writer is to show that true liberty is .liberty assured by law, and that a self-respecting and enlightened people will be extremely zealous in asserting their rights, and very slow to solicit favours from Government. The present adminis tration of the Land Act, the stopping of the Sanday trains on the state railways, - and the preventing of lotteries and raffles (for benevolent purposes), which the courts had decided to be no infringement of the law, are cited by the writer as instances of aggres sion upon the liberties of the people, and encroachments on the true principles of go vernment, that would be resented by the people if thej1 were not satisfied with tire name of freedom and neglectful of its sub stance. This article contains much that the Victorian democrat might study with great advantage.. The illustration to the number represents the scene with which the month's contribu tion to " Long Odds" closes, and is by Mr. T. Carrington. 