LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. With reference to a letter which appeared in our columns of the 17th inst., headed " Flour at York," and signed " Fiat Justiria," we very much regret to learn that it has given offence to one of the most respected settlers of the York district. Had the communication pointed to any one individual, we should certainly have withheld it from publication ; but it referred plainly to the district generally, and flour is made and sold by a number of residents in that district. TELEGRAPH BETWEEN PERTH AND FREMENTLE.— On Friday last the first post of the line of telegraph between Perth and Fremantle was fixed by the Hon. F. P. Barlee, in the presence of the proprietors, and Mr. R. R. Jewell, Clerk of Works, and Mr. B. Von Bibra. Mr. Barlee, who has always taken & lively interest in the project, formally pronounced the first telegraph post in Western Australia properly placed, and wished the promoters every success in an undertaking which he felt sure would prove of great public utility and convenience. OUR TIMBER TREAD.—The Sea Ripple arrived at the Vasse on the 17th instant, to ship another cargo of timber for Melbourne, and the Kestrel was daily expected there to load with timber for Adelaide. INQUEST.—An inquest was held on Monday before E. W. Landor, Esq., Police Magistrate, touching the death of Mr. John Henty. The deceased gentleman was found dead in his bed on the pre- vious morning; and from the post mortem examina- tion made by Dr. Ferguson, it was disclosed that he came by his death through taking an over-dose of opium. The jury returned a verdict accordingly. A CORRESPONDENT, writing from Northam, says:—"We have at last got located amongst as wbat for so many years we bave stood greatly in need of— a resident medical practitioner. It must be most gratifying to every bettler in our neighbourhood that Dr. Thinelton. who by the. way was Sargeon Superintendent of immigrants on the last voyage of the Strnthmore, andiaeces&vlly; has, therefore, unquestionable qualifications, has decided upon establishing himself in oar township. It will remove all necessity for sending, hereafter, tweuty five miles, either to York or Newcastle, for medical assistance. This experience we bave dearly learnt in the fatality of scores of hopeful cases of sickness. I understand thaf the settlers intend soliciting the government to hold out inducement to Dr. Thiselton to remain here, by way of employing him as medical attendant, to look after tbe convict road parties, police and pensioners. This is absolutely necessary. The gum season is very favorable, and large quantities are being gathered for export. Bush-fires have been very prevalent ; but I am happy to say that, beyond destroying a gcod deal of feed, no further harm has bean done by their ravages.' The non-commissioned officers and men of the 14th Regiment stationed at Perth and Jremantle embarked in the ship Racer in Gage's Road on Saturday; and on Sunday the officers and families also went on board, and the vessel sailed for Hobart Town the same day (Sunday.) The festival or the Church of England School children was held in the Government Domain on Thursday. There was a large attendance both of parents and visitors, and the scholars spent a very pleasant day, being regaled with refreshments in abundance, and amnsed with every kind of games. 