THE WEATHER IN THE COUNTRY. 1 IIB severe drought, which seems to huvo prevailed nil ovor tho colony, is causing incalculable loss both of stock «nd .j cereals ; in somo places n fow showers bavo fallon, by which ! wnterholoshavo been refilled, but tho quantity of ruin waa j scarcely BUilicIenl to/rovivo the drooping verdure From .the various journals wo extract their reports on the slate of ¡.hoçopitryj:-< ,' i iLovfkû "CASTfEiiBAfiir, January 4.-The old year has . passed away, and tho now year commenced with no brighter prospects" of a breaking up of this long continued drought ^than before. The weather during tho week has boon very 1 hot ; on Wednesday tho heavens wero overcast, with a slight drizzling rain oil and on during tho day ; but f rjm tho heavy appearanco of tho clouds, you would havo thought wQjvero good for a day's outpouring of that groat blessing wc so much need. The moan temperature sinco tho)20th November last has averaged 10G dogroos in tho ßhado, tho lowcBt 75 degrees. In truth the Castlereagh cannot bo much werso, and i£ the season does not soon alter there will not bo a hoof to bo soon on many of tho stations, as tho water left by tho late heavy storm somo two months ago, has all disappeared. The water in the tanks is nearly done. At Polly Browan they aro carting their water from tho Monkey, a diBtauoo of cloven miles. Mr. J. Bardon has been sinking a well in tho bed of tho river ; ho has got water, but not good onough for drinkable purposes, it having a mineral tasto. Wo have been sinking about twolvo miles from hero, endeavouring to got'watcr for the horses, and aro also going to sink in tho bed of tho river. If this last fails, wa shall havo to shift our camp on to the Barwon or somewhero else- Dubbo Dihxitch, WAIU'IBN, January 12.-Wo had a couplo of thunder- storms last week. On Friday ovening it rained up wards of ' four hours very heavy. Thoro is a spring in tho grass , about tho angles of tho river, and with a repetition shortly of laBt week's Bhowers wo would soon, have Bomo grass. Ibid. Uri'KK BOGAN.-Thcro havo boen a fow flying showers doiyn tbo river, putting some water in tho holosat Cagildry, Tabratong, and Waterloo ; but upwards, water is vory bad and' scarce. Hot dry days, clouds hanging about, but no > rain.-Ibid, COLLIE.-Wo wero yesterday favoured with forty minutes' rain-yes, real rain ond no miBtako-which caused tho water to run down tho crock about four foot doop, fillod all tho holes, tanks, and dams for turca miles in all direo tions.-Ibid. MONAKO.-Still wo havo to record tho absonce of rain, and'though we hoped we should this week have the plea- sant duty of chronicling a chango in tho woather, wo aro proventcd from so doing. On Sunday last wo had about an ' hour's 6tcady rain, and from (be cloudy appearanco of the sky and tho cold wind blowing we wero in hopes that tho rain would continue ; but before noon on that day all indi- cations of rain had cleared away, the sky becoming as cloudless and tho sun ns hot as ever. From almost ovory station in this district tbo shcop have been sont to tho mountains and other favoured places; and though our small settlers aro not enabled to travel thoir Hooks, yet they manago by somo unaccountable means to keep them alivo, although in somo instances wo hear that the flocks are boing considerably thinned for want of grass.-Mercury. NAUANDEIIA.-Upon our principal sourco of anxioly, tho weather, I regret 1 have no f avourablo alteration to ro port, the lengthened drought and excessive heat aro rapidly showing thoir effect upon everything living. Horses ana caltlo from tho back country may bo seen by day and hoard by night coming on to tho frontngo for water ; and ovory day they appear weaker than tho former. A fow I observed yesterday will not, I think, be able to crawl in again ; in fact, I am sure, unless we get an early rain and a heavy one, it is merely a matter of timo with tho most of them ; for without a good spring in tho grass, tho unfortunate brutes that manago for a time to exist will be cut down upon the first frosty night. The accounts from portions of the Merool Creek country become, ,as the soasen advances, still more deplorable "Upon one Btafion, tho stock fortú- natela is gone, the proprietor with ono liorso is loading a sort of Robinson Crusoe lifo, with this sorious disadvantage, that only a week's water, or rather mud, romains. Do.id shccplmay bo seen, and, I regret to say, smelt, both on tho , back country, and frontago roads. A travelling mob passed down somo bhort timo since, and the gontloman in charge generously presented a resident with about forty hoad ¡ they wero [very carefully penned up at night-¡n the morning thirlyj wero found which did not roquiro shopherding ; and ' in thelcourso of tho day tho remaining ten also departed this lifo, so that the gift proved of groater benofit to tho giver than .the recipient, who had tho trouble and oxpenso of burning off.-Correspondent of the Wagga Wans« Advtr t MW. H Ay.-Wo havo had to enduro n recurrence of tho in- ' tolerably hot weather with which wo wore proviouäly afflicted this soason, and its accompanimontd- characteristic of Hay-tho usual destructivo dust storms. Tho town ia wholly unsheltered by timber to the north, and is conse- quently at the mercy of the furious storms of wind which blow from that quarter. Saturday was a particularly dis- agreeable day. Clouds of gritty dust caught ia eddying wind penetrated every placo of businoBS nnd made way into every dwelling-house. Of course, furnituro, articles of mer 'clwndiBo, and the tempers of thoir owners wero deranged in consequence ; and the dust and tho wind, and everything (hut in any sort troubled one, wero, during the storm, fre- quently consigned by many to a place not celebrated for tha coldness of it« climate. Towards ovening the temporaturo declined, and BO did tho wind. Tho next morning a nice, rain descended for an hour or more, laying tho dust, and causiug regrot that it had not continued to fall for at least throo or four days in torrents. Nothing short of this would be equal to our wants.- Wagga Wagga Advertiser. MooitWATiiA, -Wo aro living m an atmosphere of smoke and dust, with tho thermometer at 130 degreos in the tun. Most of tho farmers aro compelled to draw water frira iho wells of their moro fortunato and obliging neighbours for houso consumption. What will they do with their cattle ? No water and very little grass are Berious ovils to contend against. Rain ia rncntionod often ai the only turo and much wished for ; but rain does not como. Aibwy Jiamier, BuitnANOONo.-The drought still continues without much prospect of abatement. On Sunday, 10th inBtant, wo had a fo\v hours of steady rain, but so heated and parcho! was tho ground that it did not sink in more than a few inches. Ou Thursdoy afternoon thoro wosalso a few showers, but no important ohango has been mado in vegetation» Several of tho stockholders on tho Levels and down the Lachlan havo been compelled to abandon their runs, and travel with their stock. Peoplo aro now travelling with whole herds of cattle in search of grass and water. .Argus. ) TUB BAHWON.-A correspondent of a local journal writes :-Tho weather hero is truly frightful. Sheep, like locusts, travelling in all directions, and catintr up ovory mouthful of vegetation. Thcro is no more sign of rain than fhero was a month ago. ARALUEN.-The weather has tho last day or two boen intonsoly hot, and the bush on tho mountains surrounding the valley is on Oro In every direction, ovon to tho further- ' moat ranges, the sky being quite red with the reflection of the flames.-Braidwood Diîpaich. ' Ui'PKtt ADELONG.-Bush-fires aro now raging in almost overy direction, and havo dono considerable damage. Mr. A. Watson, of this place, and Mr. J. Callaway, of Reedy Flat, havo had a great portion of thoir fencing destroyed, and tho grass for miles around has boen consumed.-Gun» dagai Times. TUMUT, January 14th.-A vory woloomo ohange in tht weather took placo on Saturday, 9th instant, towards even- ing tho clouds gathered up in the west, and on the follow- ing morning n lino gonial rain fell till near noon. It thon cleared up, but tho rain that had fallon producod a vory beneficial effect by cooling tho atmosphero and damping ¿ho dust of our streets, though it was not sufficient to extinguish the huEh fires which continuo to rage with unabated fury. GUNDAGAI.-In the neighbourhood of Gundagai wo had several hours' pleasant rain on Sunday morning, 10 th in- stant last, and a similar refreshing Bhowor on Thursday ovening. Much more is, however, noodful to change the present arid parched aspect of nature. QJIAFTON.-After a long continuanco of dry scorching weather we have been blessed with good down-pours for which all appear thankful. On Thursday ovening, 7th instant, two very heavy thunderstorms with rain passoa over Grafton, and apparently many miles around, the first of which dropped ice, yclept hail.-Observer. 