XE£ KBWS OF TKE DAT. A reqtDStiioB from clergymen of varions de nominafiona was jreaented to the Chief Secre tary yesterfay, requesting that the Govern ment 'ehonM proclaim a day of prayer and hu miliation ia conaequenee of the longw»ntinuecl drought, waick threatens to be so diaaafcraoa to the country. Mr M'Coiloch complied with the request ; and we umieraSand that Friday, the 2nd day of April, wiU accordingly be »et apart for ths purpose, rid business will be trans acted in the Government offieea on that day ; and we presume that there will be also a tem porary suspension of business in. private estab lishments. The Bribery Committee yesterday held their liat sitttns bat cae for taking evidence. Mr Glass waa re-examined at some length; and Mr Tncker, who introdnfied. the Quieting of Title*' BUI into the - itaiembly, also came befere the committee, ua it might have been expected he would. He knew positively leas ahont the matter ef bribery than even Qaartenaia or Btterahsnk. T.ttra them, he S4TCT suspected it at the time of tha agftaiian, and had not any soa picion, . yet. _ . More innocence,' The com mittee wiH hear evidence again to-day, and aft£rwar-2? ret to -wsrknpoa the preparation of a progress report for 'PixHament, eoibodymg the eoB^Inaans-they have arrived at. Ona or two memb^ra cf the Assembly appeared yester day to oiLb den'ala or explanations of their presence in Mr Saodgrass's office at different times. These statements were provoked by a poitioa.'ott the evidence, given on Tuesday by Mr Qoixterman, who enumerated a long Ust of members £e had seen, .or thought he had seen, at Sncdgtaxs's place of businera, which sppean indeed tc «ive been s sort of house of call for parliamentary-gossip. Mr Qaarterman, ra go uncertain in hi3 recollection about these encounters that wa did not think it wcru while mentioning them at all in_pur condensation of the evidence. Everyihing was' ' probably ' or ' possibly,' or ' i5 might be' or ' )i«5 fancied.' It seems now thai he made scone egregious Tv.;T*«lrr--r in the matter, and we are glad that we had ao land in w«viwg hon. members need lesaly tuMomfortablo. It r;;pt»r* that the Imperial cuthoritiea are also fallowing in the wake of the Victorian Govenssait, in emphatically condemning the practice of civil warrants and others aolietiicg' favoM from the Government thracga members of Parliament. Mr CbBdera has issued an Admiralty circular, in which he refers to the notorious fact tfc»i naval officers seeking appointments or promotion, and erril employ ex seeking in crease of ial*ry or 'other advantages, havs their cases frequently brrjnght before the Ad mirsiiy isj members of Parliament and other p£rso££ possessing' political influence. Se points oil the obvious evils of such a course, and intimates that in future &ay; attempt to apply cKsaure of this iind to the Board ' sill be trvitei by their Lordships is nn admission thai tba ease is not deserving of considera tion oa iia own merits, and the appHeaticn will ha ds&t;'wixB accordingly.' Tiiii 1m izissisn tiaEvdi* «'?» u &e; 22od clsaie oi the regu lations fer &e; Civil Service of Victoria, which describes how applications of officers ihould be made, running thus : — ' The application of any officer for promotion, leave of absence, change of quarters, increase of salary, or upou any other matters affecting his position in the ser vice, shall be made by the applicant himself, or by or through th« head ef his branch or de partment; and if it be made by or through any otner person, it wiB be treated as irregu htr;K ?- Nothing- eaa be- «Uar«r than this, inti matien, and those who disregard it can Ma me themselves only for the consequences. — Mr Jones, in replytag to a question put by one of bis interlocutors at an election meeting as to how he proposed to get feis living, re plied that he would write fcr the press, and said, ' I have a right hand which before now has contributed leading matter which, has ap peared in The Agt.' This assertion i3 not true. Mr Jones never wrote a lice of leasing snsiter for The Age. The sue of Michael Flanagan, the ex trooper, condemned to death for the murder of sergeant Hall at Hamilton, came again before the~Executive Couscil yesterday, when, after a careful consideration of the circumstances, it was decided that the sentence should be carried into effect- Flanagan wU , therefore, be exe cuted on Wednesday next, the 31st o£ March. Since his sentence the unfortunate man has exhibited a rather cheerful but decorous demea nor. List evening, however, the warrant forhia execution was received by the governor of the saol, who immediately informed the con demned nun of the fact that the 3lst ins*, was fixed for tha carrying out of tbe sentence. He received the intelligence with some emotion and thoughtfully remarked,- ? That win be this day week.' During the remainder of the. even ing he was less cheerful than previously, butjt appears that he still entertains hopes of his sentence being commuted. He has written to some friends in Hamilton asking them to exert themselves in his behalf. He is constantly at tended by the Rev. Father Lordan to whose ministrations he pays the greatest attention. We understand that Mr Philip EosseU, of Camgham (brother to Mr Thomas Russell, the present representative of Grenvflle in the Legislative Assembly), will be a candidate for the seat in the Legislative CouneQ vacated by Mr Leaxmonth. It will be recollected tkat, on a former occasion, Mr Eassell stood in oppo sition to Dr. Hope, obtaining a majority of 228 in the Ballarat district, and only de feated by the polling for the Geelong district, where Dr. Hope was of course better known. We understand that requisitions, cslEng upon Mr Bussell to stand, are being got up in several portioas of the South-western Pravince. . Mr Justice Motesworth gave his decision yesterday in Bruce and others v . Ligar, order ing that the defendant should account to the plaintife for one half of the proceeds of the sale of the lease of a sheep run ia Otago, N.Z., which formed the subject of the suit, and also half the rents and profits, if any, from the run during occupancy. BT'» Honor also removed the defendant from his position of trustee to the will of the late J. V. A, Bruce, and de clared h'Tn liable for all the costs of 3iit up to the delivery of the decree. It wiU be seen that this judgment is altogethsr against Mr Ligar, the plaintiffe having in fact obtained all they sued for. The first of the trials for evasions of the Land Act was brought to a close yesterday, when John Mungovan. . was found guilty of having made a false declaration. The prisoner, who ia a publican at Leigh Creek, within the boundaries of Bongaree, had tiken up the quantity of land tha law al lowed Tiim, but feeling desirous of procuring more than his legal share of the spoil, he made application for four additional allotments fix Moorabool West, in the name of his brother Michael (in New Zealand), and three more for ioa brother Patrick, who has never left Ireland. He obtained the allotments in the name of Michael, but the commission refused those he sought in tbe name of Patrick. Last year he attempted to transfer the land, and in doing so swore a false declaration before a magistrate, which stated that im provements to the amount of eighty pounds had been effected, whereas Sen or fifteen, pounds would, amply cover them. The .re mainder of the .land swindling ., eases were, postponed SB next 'sesiabos. '_ ~ ' ' ABaHsrat correspondent sends us tie fol lowing: — 'A wholesale encroachment cy the Guiding Star Company ha3 been discovered- on the ri*ima of the St. George and Band of Hope United Company, and the directors hare taken immediate action to prevent further abstraction of the company's ground. As the plant and machinery are looked upon as totally inadequate to pay for the gold taken away, the holders of shares wQl be separately proceeded against at oice.' A Bosedale telegram of yesterday informs us that tie Mrs Hancks, the newly married woman who brought the smallpox from Mel bourne to Walhalla, died in that tovssbip on Tuesday. Elsewhere we publish some further precautions, indicated by tie medical autho rities with the view of preventing the spread of the disease. \- Mr Nathaniel Levi's ambition far a seat in the Legislative Council has been foiled far the present. The Qualification Committee met yesterday, and after some time was spent in deliberation, it was announced that the com mittee had decided that the sitting member, Mr W. A. C. VBeckett, was duly elected. The committee further decided that each party should pay his own coats. The new omnibuses are getting on well, and were yesterday as crowded as ever. The office, nearly opposite the Theatre Bsjal, is begining to have the same appearance as similar London establishments, and old Udiea with three band boxes, and what appears to be a medinm-eized portable verandah, are already attaining that prominence which the occasion was calculated to gire them. To-dsy arrangement* will be complete to meet every train at Spencer- street, and bring on the passengers. The snares are being applied for very freely in hundreds, and the proposed issue is, we 'believe, already ex -ceededj so that a reduction- pro rote en the applications will be necessary. ~ A 'neighbors' quarrel' at BunketVblD, Ballarat, has led to aariuua, perhaps fatal results. The particulars are tans detailed by tha Courier: — ' Information: was brought to the. pf*Hftt stuEfrm r-n TTioaiiiy Ti^ght tft^t n. boy named Adams, 15 years of age, had been shot at Bunker's-hilL The father of the boy relates the drcamsiancea as fallows : — A man named Edwards, who lives in a paddock adjoining that of Adams, has been for some tfTnA past on anything but friendly terms with lifm, and has been on several occa sions overheard to threaten that he would shoot him. Edwards, it seems, is a car penter by trade, and had a gate erected at the dividing fence of the two paddocks ; a slip panel was put up by A-?yn» convenient to this gate, and hence a essae of dispute appears to have arisen. This panel had bee» thrown down fey Edwards, who requested his three sons to ge and put it up. The three lads pro ceeded to the spot,, and shortly after one or two of Adams's children also came up, th* result being an altercation between the children as to whether or not AUtonn was ' justified in putting np tke panel at aQ. In the coarse of this altercation reference waa made by oae of EdwardVs children to an incid-mt which had occurred some time before, and a threat was given out by the child to do the same ta Edwards'g children as the titber had done to Ad«nv», aHuding to the faet of Edwards having struck A4ams with a ridxag whip across the head. Edwards's children then went to their fither, and related what had occurred. Ed wards at once seized hold ef a doobla-barrelled gun and approached to where the lads were standing, took his aim, and deliberately fired aS the eldesi o!Iii-f obya. Adams, hearing the report, rushed to tae spot, and tried to raise the wounded lad from the ground, and set hint os his feat ; bat the boy was ttpsMp to stand, and had to be T«?«* oc a woode* board and car ried borne. Blood was flowing from various parts of his body and head ; and this with the faet oi his appearing to be completely para lysed, would point to the presumption that the piece had teen lgad*d wSb shot. Edwards himself at once rode into BaHftrai to procure a doctor and report the oeeur/enea. Sergeant Sutherland, and mounted troopers Levison and Donegan wets at onca despatched to the scene, accompanied by Bt. Bnnee. Edwards surrendared himself to ihe police yesterday. From the Ballarat Pott we gkan some addi tional particulars : — ' It is said that Edwards surrendered himwlf owing to the persuasive ness of the hon. Mr Tale. He is a sqsare bnf!i man, having the appearance, cf a working man- TTi* character baa hil&exto; been a very bad one, as, in addition to frequent ill-naage of hii wife, he had only recently threatened her ^riii a fosliag-pLec*! whDst another and nsore rcrioai crime is hinted at. Tee I&ieai; cewa from the hsajpthl /wss that iha Ui k perfectly eamcious, but physically paralysed, and the doctora ire of 'opinion that some of the pellets of shot hare entered the brain.'* - j? A sudden death, occurred on Saturday, when a m-*' named. Patrick Minnenge, t ged forty eight years, residing in Nicholson- lane, off Boorke-etreei, -raa fosnd dead, in his bed it ten o'clock. He had been a patient in the Hospiis! about two years ago, and had since been en gaged selling vegetables about the streets. Oa Wednesday he compisiced of being ill, but on Saturday appeared pretty weO.- Hi* wife went out, and an returning found him dead. Detectives' Jennings and Lomax yesterday arrested Geo. T.' Coffin, an «««Tatant in the store used ss a post office ai Spring Creek, en a charge of stealing letters. Several letters had lately failed to reach their desti nation, and fee prisoner was suspected of being the thief- He was arrested in Smith street, CoIHni?wood, and will be brought before the City Court this morning. The workmen were yesterday employed in running the telegraphic wires into the General Post Office, so that the want long felt of a central depot for the transmission and receipt of messages will pesently be supplied. A carpenter, named Robert Mitchell, re liding at SO York-street, Emerald-bill, com mitted saieide on Tuesday evening. The unfortunate deceased, who waa sixty-two years of age, was a widower and Hved with a married daughter. For some dajs before bis death he bad been in low- spirits and. indulged more in drink that was his ordinary habit. Toe reason of bis mental depression has not. yet been stated, but it is pretty generally fee Heved that the immediate earue of his perpe trating the fatal act ia that ha had been sam -moo€4 toappearas a witnesaai tha Emerald hill Police Cottit yesterday morning, and as he hid never been in his life concerned in a ease in a court of justice, and had a peculiar dislike to being so, the fact of his being subp osaaed strangely disturbed his already discempased mind. On the evening of the day indicated he was found hanging in Mj workshop quite dead. ' The body of a young man, apparently dead about six weeks, was found by a boonlary-rider of Mr Hamilton last week, about five miles from. Tea, in the direction of the Tea-Srse; The head was separated fccoi the body, an! was bare of lieah, except on ens side, where a small patch of slightly grey hair remained. The clothes were in. tolerable preservation, aci consisted ol a Crimean shirt and tweed trousers, a fragment of wowted soda with red tops ; the boots andhat were missing. There waa nothing whereby the body could be identified. Another instance of the danger attendant on Bathing in the Xarra occurred' yesterday, when a joang man of the name of Samuel Brown narrowiv escaped death by drowning. He had gone to an unfrequented part of the river abova the Bichmond quarries to bathe. He plunged in, and came in contact with a sunken stump, and would inevitably have been drowned but' for the courageous conduct of a person who, passing by, saw the state- of the ease, and immediately leaped in and rescued him. A Cdatlemaiiie paper, whose name has be come a synonym for stupid, drowsy malignity, makes the following statemant : — ' Some curious things are being brought to light by the complaint committee, but among the most extraordinary is the evidence given in yester day's examination, thai Mr M'Colloch him self had received £30 from the Glass fund in aid of one of his Mornington election ex penses.' It ia unnecessary to say that this is an absolute falsehood, and difficult to think that it *»« not been deliberately fabricated, because it has no basi3 in any report of tbe pro eeedibgs whatever. Mr Mechi has been indulging in a little speculation respecting the prospects of the British wheat crop for 1869. In a letter to the Times, he eays :— ' It is full early jet to give an opinion about our future . wheat crop. So far aa I have observed in Norfolk, Cambridge shire, and Essex, wheats have planted well ; too well, I think, where thickly sown, for, owing to Ute mild and wet season the roots, where closely drilled, must be already intermixed and com peting for their food, by no means a good pre irar^i™ for their subsequent more ample Te— quirements and development- With only one bushel per acre-, mine are quite thick enough. I am ao croaker, but our 'old men remind me that there waa a light or full moon at Christ mas, which, they say, is a bad augury, and im plies light sheaves to follow, while a dark moon at Christmas fbre&odea; heavy sheaves. It cer tainly has been se the Issi twojearsas regards the wheat., crop, and my bailiff finds, on refer ring to the past ten yean, that this has been the rule. A practical and observing ..farmer told me yesterday that he never knew an abundant wheat crop following a mild winter. Let us hope these evil otnens may not be verified.' Another little romance of real life from that interesting repertory of gossip the Ararat Advertiser: — 'We learn that rather an inte resting ease of lost and found Is likely to be made public before many week3, m which an adopted fhfliT, whose prospects up to the pre sent time have not been very good, wfll leave the circle of her late friends to join her father,' who is a 'mm in cbmforfaole. circum stances. The girl was adopted, out of gene rosity, by a poor family residing near Ararat, and since she grew up and was able to procure her living as a servant she has lived with several families, giving satisfaction toalL The father, ii seems, has turned np quite by accident, and has either met or received an authentic and satisfying account of his daughter. Of late the girl has been living in some of the settlers* f*mf|i-ifl on one of the agricultural areas to the seuth of the town, but is is likely she will take early advantage of her father's invitation and join h''» after a lapse of twenty years.'- . The second trial of the Chinese interpreter, Ah Coy, caarged with obtaining money by false pretences from bis countrymen at Castle maine, is postponed until the April sittings of the Criminal Court. Mr Strong, t''1'''^ surveyor, of Spring Creek, is severely and properly censured by s local jocmal, for the coarse language used by W' when under examination in the War den's Court in the case of Crowther v. Mallock. This is from the report : — '. Mr M'Dermett : Will you swear there was no machinery on the ground- . Witness: What do yoa mean by ma chinery? Mr M'Dermott : I call a pnddKng machine' machinery^ ^ft* Strong t Yoa may i»«H what you jifr» -machineryi but & ? ii it I don't know what you refer to ; ii may: be a wheelbarrow. Hr'M'Dezmott : Then yon had better purchase a dictionary.' Curiously enough, *M$ pm«mont of his profession, Mr M'Dermott, seems to have considered the pro fanity of no consequence. Wnr. CuHen, of Elizabeth-street, waa ad mitted, to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday, having had. three of his fingers taken off by a sausage Tn«rf«n»_ . 'En*™ Tdittiam, living In Palmer- street, - East Collingwood, was also admitted to the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a scald caused by a saucepan of boiling water falling over both legs. _ At a late hour last nlgnt she was in an insensible condition. A fnew Wealeyan Chapel was opened at Majorca' on Sunday, the Bev. B. .Fiteher preaching in the morning^ and Mr ^'''^ m ^hw afternoon imA evening. A EynetoQ correspondent frnniahfla another illustration of ' justices' justice:'— 'At the Kyneion Grain Show, on the 19th, a number of wheel-of-f octane and lottery men took up their stand ia the yard, and seemed to piy a brisk trade. One of them, waa pounced on by the police, tried next day, and sentenced to one week's imprisonment. Sorely after inl? no -me will say that the Kyneton magistrates are nor ready to punish poor gamblea.' No doubt our caustic correspondent bears in mind the promptitude with which, the Eyneton bench recently, dismissed a ease of gambling under picas pretences. Aftgr the lapse of many years there is again some talk about the discovery of. a copper mine in the Geelong district. A local contempo rary h-»« been informed that as a f»ympy named Crowes was ploughing his land near the You Yings he came upon a conglomerate mats some 50 1b weight, which he has since brought to town. This moss has been tested and found to contain 70 per cent, of pare copper. The place where it was found is about two miles from the Duck Ponds station, snd ii is said to be the nailer's intention to fully prorpect the ground. Success to him. Still no rain, and the country languishing for it, and bush-fires rsge in almost every direction. The temperature in Castlemaine on Tuesday was almost as high as on any previous day in miarner. The timbered country was efidejiiiy on fire. All the hills visible from. ' Fryers were partaaBy ocscu** by den*, fc of smoke. Towards evening a^S clouds seemed to f orrteli TT rtann. w*. course It never came. AcconEmr totS» c 'Mount Warrenheip, wbich is e£1*&£A'*r' the coae of aa extinct volcasM^^r £ looked on several occasions Hasi'if^T -'^ Immediately behind the centre rfl11350 and looking as if issuSig from tig ~.L *?$ compact columns of dense saoka Sr^i seen this week, ai iaiervaJs, nracw.?;,, '-^ bush fire, In thai IocaHSy.' ?i? fe^° have h«en sometimes brilliant few visihl, , one night a tree was on firs exactly on fe£ of the mount.*' ' ''tajp Judge Pohlman was occupied far a ecnia, able portion of yesterday, in the Gnmt*C«f ' u i»«»g'tb- two cases, Garvey v.M^^ Pcole v. Matthews. The former wls-a tinn »? «?'« »1« «m °* £13, far 4^' alleged to have been caused bytaedefcSI carelessness. It appears &at; the-nkmtaT,! dnviBg a spring-cart Ipafoi wita frau. «1 when about opposite the Atjtu cfiesbin, ran into by the defendant, who w»s i!»a fe ing. Garvey's cart was damaged, Ms j^ injured, and tbe fruit scattered thaai tajMjJ In consideratien of tbs less itiatanKti tiwemrt awarded a verdict of £5 and ccsta.' TieS waa an action to recover Jar twsnus iS illegal distraint. In this ease thTe^j wxa of a very conflicting character. aS» several wiin««ea bad been cafei ^5 examined, his Hcacr nonsuited tie plants on the ground that he shaaUaare procS the landlord. In thii case £3 2s ccs?** allowed the defenAizt. . Instructions have been iaauad &v; the s-rfc*. Government to the efeet that all ceraocscrcu Ing goods over tha Hurray wOI & fatare Im, to report them to the N*w Sura Wiles cufcmi oSeer, to enable hint ta compile fce inner! td export returns. * In tbe Insolvent Court yesterday, tiarf nee* ings were held and reports received ia fit estates «f Thomas C. Braoka, Gso. VMn vd George Tivmann, Ia the ssiaa nf Gecr« T.tnmarn it waa reported that a fivmeil of 5a in the pound weald ahazilj be ;cn able. In that of George iOrin. ihe uaisai reported that a good divi-leni miaat fae saectal in. a .couple of months- 'la. iH's-^ case3it was resolved} that the i&sabeatj;, wij were' present, should retain, tiiair nnmSari. h the estates of James and Mstcoalson, a sioai meeting was held, a few liebta ivera privs} and the meeting closed. Firsi and onbr j^j] ings were held in the estates of itiriai'LeTc. ington, and Hugh Monti, and a mecialiiseti in that of Edward White, bus aocmngrof ^ portasce transpired. The esnrs anitacE^ yesterday-ad joumed over the Easter Imif&i; There wiii Sawefara be no &«aer mseihi ontil Wednesday next. f The case, against Measn T. liirnnj md E. Chambers for taking part in laCEriss at ti recent bazaar at Belfast harBeca iisinistei, a tbe ground that ' they were not bensactailT interested.' Preeiael/ as we exaectal ; &oi; in end is not yet. A fatal case of snake-Uta ia repnrtai fan Ejneion. On Sunday the eon ofifr Guarn Pigging was bitten on the hand by » blai snake. .-.Ordinary remedies ware apoliai, but on Monday dangercm ajxuptotna mani&seil; themselves, and the lad waa removed, ia Kj Kyneton Hospital. The injection of immonii, according to X-r. Hilford's sy3tam, ma tried, but, thirty hours having elipaai jince ifetj am, the virus had obtained too s^eat a mamrr over the system, and the hi ccn&aai; a grow rapidly worse till Tuesday audit,, waa he expired. The first election for the Flinders Distii Bond Board took place on Monday,, tae ?y!m-fny,t at the residence of ths depa'y returning aMco, Mr Peter Kolan, who acted ca betuiif of H; Robert Anderson, .J.P., the rstamms officer. .The Flinders road district includes 'inTgarisiiei of Bittern, Balnam3g and Fiiatiers, aonatr of Momington. The folio-sing six !sem6en*si duly elected : — Messrs William Eennan, Hum. O. Martin, Edmond Bally, Henry Task, Ejq A. Hunt, »n^ Ed^ird DowaTnrd. TUa nai four represent Flinders, and ti«W^ kiuer Bis tern and Bilnarring. *~ The Police Court boimess yesterday cm ?iited almost entirely of cases ia wiuchaasai were either discharged or remanded, brrc tiiT) was nothing of special public iatarsaii elitial daring the sitting. One of shcae rwcHRj fellows who get half druri and then luaf lumg the public streets throwing thsmsahres raiienrij against respectable female?, was charged -ri insulting behavior* but failed to- apctfar, hi-rjii been liberated oa bail. The fdiuw xin £t name of John JenMcs, knd the bench arfersl 40s~to be forfeited from tie bsS: ssmej. Thomas AtT^n^ay, Thomas Headeraca ai George WilEams, three little ragammfiaa, Tim h»^ been out all night ' dorsing it ' as aaj termed the custom of 'ileeping oai^Tsrs brought .up ss. neglected children and rsmEuid until next day for the proiiuetlon of the jarena They-aad others of the tribe are in the-iiaiil of tumbling, in the streets far cqipers, ial having indulged in a wild d«b«nch an aaTeiaj! and baked potatoes at the *? Youae Ens'-ami' engine, in Boorke-street. they crawl into til! first handy drain or giapije, aad step aff Bi effects of repletion. TheAackland papers record the death, mma melancholy circumstances, of ilr James AiLo, proprietor of the Evening A'nai, at tin* -'-na Share, and formerly well known and mnchr; spected on the Melbourne Press whila * mania of th« reporting staff c! Ike Age as-i Sirud. It seems that on viw -)arht of tae 3rd mat. Jfc Allen retired to rest in biff osna! health. Ii is supposed- thai the fine moonlight nait in duced him to- rise again and go cat tobaca oh the beach close to bis residents. Hot ever,-he was missed from the house by i «:? vant, who went in search of him and fatmiliiia lying d«a'd on tbe beach it high water maa. A severe cut wa* observable on the left jiie ol the forehead, apparently tie result ai a M a I the rocks, by which i? is supposed b« va I stunned and then suffocated by she iamj I tide. The mournful occurrence haa been, d I coarse, a sad blow to hi3 f imily and a w^i I of grief te his surrounding sefg&bcis.; E I Allen's father waa at ana time eotf of =? I editors of the Herald, and is »t preei I editor and proprietor of the HabarifTjn I 'Evening Newt and Weekly Hail- I The Theatre Bayal will no doubt be crowiM I this evennig, when Mr Hennmga wa 1 1 benefit, the first in the catarse of &« if I years during which he has been deJigittngB«l pubHe .of MeBcarne with (he idmnbii I scenery produced by his brush. A. good F- I gramme, has- been arranged, consistcg a I 'AfterDsrk »_tfot the last time], -*Xie Aril I Dodger,' in which Mr Geo. Copgin «E UB B I old andiavoritepartof Demosthenes D«rg« ;™ I the first two scenes in the successful psasm2ji I of 'Bobinsbn. Crusoe,' Including tha am*! admired pancrama aiuatrating the wP**! bottoni of the sea, and the progress of a I ship ? ' B. Crasoe; of - HulL' Pnaea i^j I after witnessing tie paaoraaia fix taa -«? I of Troy,' declared that it equalled tne *s» 1 efforta of European scsnJo ar&is;, snd » I poblieof MelboaT^o have nowaasipcraaq I of sflowing their capabiEty of *W?**** I true talent by giving Mr Henaiags * on3?3 I house to-night. ? I ' Good'Eeibit.— Int«eorfairee'w2iiitir*j en stom,. there vffl be no pabnVaJajft-O i'l Aat to-morrow. . .tLve.1 \ -'Thii second- efc.53- excarsion tnms afiSfi '^ I toriaa lines commence to ran ^**®~* I For rates of faro and times of kF^LT E refer our readers to our advertaeaieni«&** I Tub Bev. Me Iscus delivered to niwra i ing lecture on tee-life of Irving, ^^Z I audience, In the Presbyterian CbsASr^ I wick, on Taesday eveniag, m f^9lffj% I bath Sdwol fund. TieBev.A.3&«a-?t» pastor, presMed, and an eataasasni Toe « I thanka was awarded to the rev. leeto^. ^ I The CosptiisT Co2snT23--0ar rffei&s; I has be«n caUed to an error in our refort ffl ?» I Butters's evidence before the G^JfJ I m*iee, on the 18th last., where Mr B»te« » I represented as saying that ««*!*? % \ feeKng had existed b*^4^111^ '±d I B^wnin, coring- to certata dishonored .W* I Mr Bowman. It appears, aa ™Jf%%%$, I that the bills in question were n?t.«g*a I bat enly JmrnataTed, snd that iL' Batta * not state that they were dahcncrBi. I eoorse, the mlsreport was »™*f°fot?«rBf. I Thb Ladies' Benevolent Soaetycf R» I wick held theirsevenfiianniialia«E.3a I Court Hooae. The Ma/cr F'^.^, I Bev. A. Macveau, having ?P™*7^«i I proee«ded to deal with, the ^or*^*~f «# I of a very favorable nature. **£?»£& I 5s 2d had been rsceived, ami ft &rg;« ***;* I bursed in aff9rfing relief tol **P»*g^ gent of the district. A vote cf ^ ^ E awarded to tie retiriag^ ^f^^Jg^a I ' \ pnt vear ?— Mesdames Bardin, 5LrT)fimw Atkineon, Cogswell, Stranger, ''t^eIhm Closing Movement, so sue Tf^ v Melbourne, appears to languid m FtnlZi ' and tbose wbo have had the SffiS to close their establishments early SSS at seeing advantage taken of this SfoTbers who keep their shopo open till the & ♦ Wat niebt on which a customer can be l8™ted Finding that it is not at present ° Me to obtain the co-operation of their ESS bopkeepcr', MesRrs Randall the pro prietors of the Hall, Smith street, hare now SSSned to act irrespectively of others and doT their establhbment at .even evoloek every evening Saturdays ^cepted, from the Mth day of March next to the first day of Oc Lber d the present year. In this they request publio support, and of course they ought to have ?'''-The Geobob-stbebt National Common School's sixteenth annual speech -dayu wag held yesterday evening; the hon. S. Bindon occupying the chair. The proceedings of the Sg were of a most intereituiff eharacter. tho children displaying a proficiency in the branches of education in which thev have been instructed, truly sur examination VUM. deserving of oonmenda 'on ton others, it WM tha («? tion in mental arithmetic, in which the feats performed by the children were marvellous. Tho roporl of the school read by the principal, Mr T. H. Templeton, showed the average attendance of scholars to be 388, and the position of the sebool aa regards the Board of Education highly favorable. During the course of the evening the chairman delivered an able and exhaustive spoeoh on the advan tages of education, to the parents and friends ofthe scholars. About eighty valuable prizes were presented. Good Fuiday Conceiits. — A grand sacred concert will take place at the Theatre Royal to morrow night, when selections from the 'Elijah,' 'Eli,' 'Abraham,' ' Stabat Mater' and other oratorios will be performed. Judging from tho successful concert given by the same company on Christmas .night, there i§ reason to expect a genuine musical treat. In addition to the names of well known vocalists announced to appear, we observe that of Mr Alfred Wilkie, the now t- nor from Tasmania It is also the in tention of the Melbourne Philhar monic Society to give a grand performance of sacred music in at. George's Hall to morrow night, on whioh occasion the programme will include Rossini's ' Stabat Mator,' and a mis cellaneons selection from the works of Spohr, Beethoven, Handel, Mendelssohn and Haydn. Xbo list of principal vocalists will include the n&me8; of itlida'BO Anna Bishop, Mrs Perraton, Miss Staff and Mr George E. Labprtouche, and Mr David Lee will conduct. We may therefore look forward in expectation of an agreeable entertainment. A Tea and Social Meeting was held laBt evening in conneclian with the CollinB-Btreet Independent Church. After tea, which was provided in the adjoining schoolroom, and of which about 400 persons partook, the meeting adjourned to the church, where the businesB of the evening was proceeded with. From the reports and statements read during the even ing, it appears that tho splendid structure in which that congregition worship was ereoted at a oost of £14,015, the whole of which Bum has been liquidated. Not only this, but £751 has been expended on an organ, £636 on additions to the pastor's manse, and £5091 on other items of expenditure. It thus appears that tho noble sum of £21,094 has been raised by this congrega tion within tho last four years. In the course of the meeting an illuminatad address was pre sented by the members of the congregation to Mr W. Peterson, tho troasurer, in recognition of his past services. The meeting, which was presided over by the Rev. A. M. Hendferson, was addressed by several of the oifioers of the church. The Seventh ANNiVEnsAnr of the St. George's Presbyterian Church, Wellington ai/uet, Collingwood, waB colebratad last even \c*g by a soiree, which was held in the church. Tho Rev. W. F. Main, the pastor of the church, presided, having immediately around him the Rev. Dr. Cairns, Rev. P. S. Menzies (Scots Cburoh), Rev. H. Darling, Emerald hill, and Rev. Andrew Robertson, WeBt Mel bourne. About 400 ladies and gentlemen par took of tea, after which there weie several addresses delivered by tbo olergvmon named and other gentlemen; on topics connocted with gonoral church affairs. In the course of the evening Mr J. M. Tait, editor of the Collingwood advertiser, was presented by some older members of tbo congregation with a handsome writing-desk and u plated tea service, in recognition of his services as secre tary to the church from its formation up to a recent period, when he resigned. Mr Tait acknowledged the present in appropriate terms. The choir of the church, assisted by some friends, creditably rendered selections of sacred mnsio during the evening. 