NEWS AND NOTES The R. M. S. Geelong was sighted off Cape Otway at 1.30 p.m. yesterday. She was expected to reach Queenscliff about nine o'clock last night. A school-house, used only on Sundays, connected with the Golden Point Wesleyan Church, was burnt to the ground yesterday, in a manner which seems strongly to point to lightning as the cause. The building is situate near the top of Esmond street, Balliirat East, and in close proximity to a Wesleyan Church there; and at about one o'clock, when the thunderstorm was just over, a flame burst out at the top of the roof, and the fire-bells rang out their alarm. The Eastern and Western brigades were both in at tendance without much loss of time, the Eastern, as may be imagined, being somewhat earlier than the Western men; but before much could be done by cither, the fire had done its work very effectively, taking away the walls and other standing timber of the house completely to the ground. The books in the place were nearly all burnt, and tho school furni. ture was only saved with considerable exertion. Ithas been stated to us that no fire was in the place—an assertion which seems very probable; and from eye witnesses of tho commencement of the disaster, we leara that the fork of lightning was seen to catch the high chimney attached to the Llanberj'is claim, and (so says gossip) to slialce it violently about. It came in a straight line for the school-house, and im mediately afterwards the roof was seen to be on fire. The wood was very dry, and the flames, commencing at the top of the roof, burned down to the level of the ground iu about ten minutes. As far as we could ascertain tho place was not insured. The Corner was enlivened yesperflay fqr n. short time by the eliglitly eccentric proceedings of a well kuown and somewhat aged speculator. He appears to have had a grievance about the expenses charged upon some shares, and to relieve his mind made an attack upon another speculator, but missed his mark and succeeded in hitting a pane of glass. The result was a cut hand, a broken window, the appearance of a policetrwn, and the sudden departure of the pxcited gentleman, whoso feelings, we may hope, were sufficiently relieved by his warlike demonstration. Elizabeth Blakey, the wretched creature found guilty by a coroner's jury of the wilful murder of her husband (says the Daylesford Mercury) was forwarded to the Castlemaine gaol on Saturday. If we are cor- rectly informed, one of the men who was present at the time the tragedy occurred, though he denied at the inquest having seen the fatal blow given, has since admitted the contrary. The premises where the mur- der occurred are in charge of the police, and will remain so for the present. Mr J. E. Geake, solicitor, of Daylesford, has been engaged by the prisoner to defend her. The health-officer and inspector of nuisances yisited Drummond street yesterday, and found some dis- gusting and dangerous nuisances on the premises of a butcher and another person. Both will be sum- moned to the police-court. We understand that the men employed in the Union Foundry refused to con- tinue work if the nuisance was not abated, and hence the visit of the authorities, to whom information had been given. The only case heard at the District Court on Tues day calculated to relieve the njonotony of ordinary police-court proceedings was one for assault, with £2 damages claimed, instituted by Isaac Herman, fami liarly known as "Jumping Moses," against a young man named Coombe. The apparently youthful plain tiff had feed Mr Lewis to conduct his case, and marched up to the witness-box with a bundle of clothes ifijder Ids arin? much to the amusement of the bystanders. The assault complained of, which amounted to the defendant having, with the assist ance of a second person, thrown the plaintiff on a soft bag of vegetables as a return for some of his very ready and playful " cheek," was stated to have resulted in a suit of clothes being sadly damaged and the plain tiff's nose being made much bigger than usual by a blow. The defendant, however, asserted that the nose was only the ordinary size worn by the plaintiff, and that the clothes had been torn previous to the scuffle. The bench dismissed the case. A correspondent writing from Evansford on Tues day, says, " Harvest men wanted this week at 5s to 6s per day, with food. Plenty of work." A meeting of gentlemen desirous of recognising the services rendered to humanity by Professor Halford in the discovery of his new method of treating per sons suffering from snake-bites, was held in Scott's hotel, Melbourne, on Monday afternoon. Mr Mac gregor, M.L.A., was voted to the chair, and Mr-Murray Ross proposed the first resolution, which . briefly gave effect to the objects for which the meeting was con vened. The motion was seconded by Dr Wilkins, and supported by Messrs Fitzgerald, Barker, and others, who highly eulogised the public spirit and devotion displayed by Professor Halford in the prosecution of his important experiments, the results of which bade fair to be so beneficial to the world. The resolution was carried unanimously, and the gentlemen present formed themselves into a committee to prosecute the work of procuring funds for a substantial testimonial to the professor. Mr P. A. Moody was appointed se cretary and Mr Murray Ross treasurer; and, with a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting separated. In the matter of the Attorney-General and the directors of the Prince of Wales Company, we were in error yesterday in stating that the communication from Messrs Crisp, Lewis, and Wilks was to Messrs Downes and Cameron. Mr Downes has nothing to do with the business. The telegram was simply ad dressed to Mr Cameron, "care of Mr Downes," whose office Mr Cameron uses for Corner business. A Launceston telegram of Monday states that another reef has been discovered at the Den. The prospects are encouraging, and work will be com menced after Christmas. Mr Robert Hepburn has been fined £5 at the Dis trict Court, Melbourne, for mutilating a newspaper in the local Mechanics' Institute, by cutting therefrom an extract. The price of gas in Sandhurst is about to be re duced to 20s per 1000 feet, a reduction of one-fifth on the present rate. In reference to the telegraphic neivs of the loss of the Royal Standard, the Telegraph says:—"The Royal Standard, although not now belonging to the AVhite Star line, was consigned to Messrs Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. Her engines had been rejnoved, and she had been converted into a sailing ship. It is not known whether she had any passengers on board." News from the United States is to the effect that Mr Corbin, the President's brother-in-law, was deeply concerned in a plot for getting up a fictitious price for gold. The scheme was ruined by the sudden sale of -1,000,000 dol. by the Treasury. The "gold ring" lost 13,500,000 dol. by sales, which they now want to repudiate. President Grant i3 unjustly charged with complicity in the recent gold speculation. It has at last been found out how to dispose of the deserters and stragglers from the ships of H.M. Flying Squadron, and on Monday Adam Hay, a deserter from the Barrosa, -who has been several times before the City Court, on remand, was again brought up and committed to the Melbourne Gaol, to there await the arrival of authority from his Excellency the Governor as admiral, to forward him to the squadron. Thi3 course of action is in accordance with the rule laid down in "Thring's Criminal Law of the Navy," along with directions for the disposal of wandering seamen in various emergencies. The former practice of hand ing the men over to the military authorities, or re manding them to another colony, was perfectly illegal. It is reported that a daughter of General Wheeler, believed to have perished in the Cawnpore massacre, still lives ns an inmate of the harem of a petty rajah. With reference to the civil service examinations iu Ballarat, we direct special attention to an advertise ment in another column. It will be seen that the optional subjects will be proceeded with, this day and to-morrow, in the Supreme Court-house, Lydiard street, at stated hours. On Wednesday the subjects are history, French, and Latin, and political economy; on Thursday, euclid, algebra, and geography. The announcement is signed by Col. Rede, and includes a list of Ballarat candidates who have passed iu English and arithmetic. The Boxing-day fete committee will meet for the last time this evening, in the Mechanics' Institute, for the transaction of business in connection with the celebration on Monday next. Every member is re quested to attend, and the attendance is solicited of those gentlemen who have volunteered their services for special duties on Boxing-day. The case of Marshall v the Creswick Grand Trunk Company, in the Court of Mines, Creswick, on Tues day, 21st December, occupied about six hours, and excited considerable interest at Creswick, the point raised being one of considerable importance to many in the locality. That noble craft, the steamer Victoria, whose ignoble appearance on the margin of Lake Wendouree has long excited the scornful pity of visitors to the place where the lake ought to be, has been sold. She has been disposed of by Mr Finnis to Messrs Davey and Co. for the moderate sum of £110. His Honor Judge Rogers will attend in chambers on Friday, 24th instant, at ten a.m. On Sunday last the new school at Brownsvale, Piggoreet, was opened for public worship by the Rev. "William Campbell, of Carngham. For some months past the Rev. David Galloway has conducted religious services there in the open air. The result of that effort stimulated the people to procure a building quitable for worship on Sunday and educational pur poses during the week. That effort has now been ac complished. A schoolmaster will be immediately ap pointed, who shall begin his duties after the Christ mas holidays. The people by their unaided exertions have raised the money for purchasing the building and adapting it for the religious culture of themselves as well as the moral and spiritual training of then children. A numerously attended meeting of the Creswick Turf Club was held at the American hotel on Mon day evening, when the following gentlemen were appointed to act as stewards for the next annual races, viz:—Messrs E. Boyce, T. W. Anthony, J. Orr, T. J. Laby, A. Jansseu, E. Williams, J. S. Kelly, and G. Wilson. Mr C. C. Dowliug was to be solicited to act as judge; Mr A. Lowers was chosen as treasurer, Mr W. Pobjoy as starter, and Mr G. Redman as clerk of the course. The club voted the sum of £300 for the next races, which are fixed for Thursday and Fri day, the 17tli and 18tli February, when it is expected there will be a good meeting, as many improvements have been made on the course during the past year to make everything comfortable and convenient. The stewards will meet during the week to fix on the pro gramme, &c.; The Rev. H. Heathershaw, for several years pastor of the Primitive Methodist Church at Sinythesdale, being about to leave that locality, a farewell service was given to him in the Scarsdale Town-hall, on'Mon day, when, notwithstanding the broiling lieat of tlie day, a large number of persons of various denomina tions, and from various parts of the district, assembled to do him honor. Mr Ward, of Sebastopol, was caterer, and provided i(n excellent toa, to which lio meeting was held, under the presidency ISO persons sat clown. After tea a pub of Mr li. Donaldson, of Scarsdale, who opened the proceedings in an appropriate speech. Addresses were also delivered by the Rev. C. J. Baird, Presbyterian Minister, Rev. R. Hart, Wesleyan, and Messrs Tylee and Turner, the latter of whom, after speaking in eulogistic terms of Mr Heathershaw, presented him with a purse well filled with bank notes as au expres sion of the esteem in which the reverend gen tleman is held by his friends. Mr Heather shaw, in responding, thanked them for the present, not because it was money, but because he regarded it as the manifestation of something better than money, namely, love and symp^tljy, lio also thankee} them for their uniform kindness to him during the more than four years he had labored among them, and he craved the same kindness for his successor. The choir of St. John's Church ably Tendered some choice anthems, which were enjoyed by the audience, and after votes of thanks had been passed to the ladies who presided at the tables, and to the choir and the chairman, the Doxology sung, and the benediction pronounced, whioh' olosed a highly successful and pleasant meeting. The llev. H. Heather shaw is to be succeeded by the Rev. W. Adams, of Beaufort. Mr James Stevenson, mining surveyor, has opened an office at Clunes for the convenience of the public. Mr Thomas Pybus preached morning an4 evening on Sunday, 19th December, at the AVesleyan Church, Ciupcs, iii aid Qf tl^e AYesleyan Sunday School. The attendance was very goed'on each occasion, and the collections amounted to £22 10s 8d, A meeting of the Loyal Liberal Association was held at the Telegraph hotel, Clunes, on Monday. There were only eight persons present owing, as Mr Rofe said, to his having sent out his boys to warn the members not to come in as there was to be a public meeting relative to Mr Miller to be held the same evening, and there would not be time to attend both meetings, The president, Mr James Dickson, then adjourned the meeting till Thursday night. The public meeting called on Monday, 20th Decem ber, at the Rechabite hall, Clunes, for the purpose of considering the advisability of giving Mr Miller, M.L.A., Ms congi, was but thinly attended, owing to a misunderstanding having occurred as to the time of meeting, it having been first called for "Wednesday, and afterwards altered to Monday night. Referring to the visit of the officers of the Flying Squadron to Ballarat, the mayor in his report to the Western council yesterday, recommended a vote of thanks to the Band and Albion Consols and Prince of "Wales Companies, the Volunteer band, and to Mr | George Moore, the hospital collector, who acted, by the mayor's' request, as marshal on the occasion, for their courtesy and the assistance they ^afforded; The vote of thanks was passed, and as the president of the" hospital committee (Councillor Lewis) was present, Councillor M'Dowall • went a little out of his way to. inform hiin and the council that he intended to have a "go in " at the officers of the institution at the next annual meeting of subscribers. John Cummins, a .farmer, was riding in his dray to his home at "Warrenheip, on Monday night, when he had his ankle severely sprained through his foot being caught in the wheel of the dray. He is now in the hospital. A boy aged ten years, named Robert Taylor, was severely bitten by a dog, at Napoleon, a fortnight since. Some of the flesh was completely torn from the calf of his leg, and yesterday he was taken to the district hospital for treatment. The Western Borough Council has determined to call for applications for the office of revenue inspector, inspector of weights and measures, and dog- inspector for the borough, at a salary of £250 per annum. From what transpired at the council table yesterday, it ap pears that the calling for applications is merely a matter of form, as it is intended to give tho appoint ment to Mr George Lovitt. The local board of health, consisting of the whole of the members of the Ballarat Borough Council, will meet at half-past ten o'clock this morning. Among the several matters to be considered is a report by Dr Bunce, the borough health officer, as to the state of the manure depot at Soldiers' Hill. It appears that even before the warm weather commenced this place was in a filthy and disgraceful condition, and that the drainage, with that of a large slaughter-yard in the locality, finds its way into the Gnarr Creek, and ulti mately into the Yarrowee. The Davey arbitration ease has been settled, we be lieve. £907 10s, the amount awarded them by the arbitrators, has been accepted by the Messrs Davey, and its payment now remains to be considered by the Watnr Commission at its next meeting. The ceremony of laying tlxe memorial-stone of the new Town-hull will probably take place on the 1-1 th of January, the anniversary of the first election of councillors for the municipality. We believe that it is intended to remove the old memorial-stone, •with the documents and coins it contains, from its present position, and re-lay it. Councillors seem averse to any great display oil the occasion, except at their own expense, which is decidedly patriotic. Beyond a few loads of gum-branches, in lieu of holly and mistletoe, for decorative purposes, the only preparations for Christmas are to be seen in- doora. Good wives are up to their elbows in dough for the manufacture of Christmas cakes and puddings, and geese and other feathered bipeds of goodly proportions may bo seen in almost every back-yard waiting their fate. A man named Cleary recently took up 20 acres of land in the neighborhood of the rifle butts, and com menced to fence it, much to the displeasure of several contractors in the neighborhood, who for some days past have been treating him to a deal of abuse. Cleary being a hard-working and peaceable man, did not like to bring the matter before tho police-court, and en couraged by this, some of his neighbors fired several shots from a gun near his dwelling, at about 8 o'clock last night. Startled by the noise, and hearing the shot rattling against liis stable, he proceeded to the police-station, but could do nothing, as he did not know the names of those by whom the shots were fired. Cleary suggested that he probably would not know their names after they had shot him. The police are going to look into the affair. A cricket match between the South Yarrn. and Bal larat Clubs will be played on the Eastern Oval, on the 27th, commencing at 10.30 a.m. The South Yarra team will be chosen from the following:—Messrs Bishop, W. Chandler, H. Crook, S. Cosstick, J. Eggle ston, B. James, F. Marsden, R. M'Farland, J. E. Moss, A. Ogilvy, R. C. Turnbull, S. Willis, T. Waters, and T. Willoughby. Mr T. R. Y. Thomson will act as umpire, and Mr Coventry as scorer. The South Yaira men consider their team rather weak, as several of their best men play in tho match between the Victorian Eleven and the next best fifteen, on the same day. As Mr W. H. Fitriris nlavs with the fifteen in the last mentioned match, the Ballarat men con sider their team rather weak too, and look upon Sam. Cosstick as a particularly dangerous opponent. We are unable to give the names of those forming the local team yet. The South Yarra Eleven are deter mined to have a good look at our town, and will arrive on Christmas Eve, and put up at the Nag's Head hotel. Complaints are beginning to be made that the pres sure of water in the mains is not sufficient for every day purposes of supply. Messrs Murton and Leggo wrote to the meeting held last evening of the Water Committee, stating that they had not had a sufficient supply one day lately, and that in future they would hold the committee liable for loss occurring from such a cause again. Mr Bagge explained that it could not be helped; audit was agreed, while it was considered the committee was not liable to be sued as threat ened, that Messrs Murtou and Leggo be informed of the information given by the engineer. The question of extending the mains was mooted at. last evening's meeting and opposed on the above ground, but the matter has been left over for consideration at the next meeting. The plasterers' strike appears to be still going on. We are informed that it was suggested by a master builder yesterday morning that the dispute between the master plasterers and the employees be referred to arbitration. The masters held a meeting at the Camp hotel, and consented to the proposal, and agreed that the arbitrators' decision should be final. At a later hour the masters held another meeting to receive a deputation from the Plasterers' Society, when it was stated that the men refused to agree to the proposed arbitration. In our report of the meeting of the Ballarat Borough Council held yesterday will be found Mr T. H. Fel lows' opinion on a case submitted to him by the borough solicitor, Mr Cuthbert, with reference to the Volunteer band playing in the Botanical Gardens on Sunday. The learned counsel does not appear to think that the council can prevent the band playing. He said they might be proceeded against under the com mon law if considered a nuisance, but suggested that this was not at all likely. He did not know what the council could do unless the land had been granted to them, in which case they could exercise their right of exclusion as owners of the soil. The opinion of Mr Fellows was referred to the legislative committee to be considered when the nest bylaws for the gardens are drawn up. MrM'Dowall took the "opinion" with a bad grace, and suggested that drinking booths and dancing saloons would be next established in the gardens on Sunday. To this attractive programme he might have added the dashing-out of the brains of a trespassing dog or two, in the presence of visitors, a Sabbath performance, sanctioned and advocated by himself. Cases of sickness from load poisoning have been very frequent of late, one case having resulted in death, and three, it is feared, in paralysis for life. As several medical practitioners had expressed an opinion that hikli the inhabitants of the borough were suffer ing from lead poisoning, Dr Bunce, tl}Q l^ealth-oJI^cer, immediately took action, and iroxn enquiries found that the cause of the poisoning \vi\s f^ona drinking water from cisterns in which there were leaden pipes, slcep^tig iq newlj'-jiai^ted rooms, drinking rain water caught on painted roofs, and using white lead aa a remedy for certain diseases. An idea had also got abroad that the poisoning was caused by drinking the water supplied by the Water Committee, and Dr Bunce made a chemical examination of the water, and he found that it did not contain a particle P.f lead, It is with considerable) satisfaction that wo inform Parliament that t^o great want which it is likely to fool from tho abaeuoo of Mr James, M.L.A., on one evening in each fortnight, as he is then occupied on Ballarat water-supply business, is being treated with consideration in Ballarat East. In order that such loss might not occur in future, the mayor of Bajlavat East moved last evening at tl\e Water (Committee meeting that the day of creeling be ohanged to Mon day instead of Tuesday. And in common with all other subjects, the matter was discussed at great length; but although the mover of the motion saw that seven gentlemen of the committee would be in convenienced by the change, he would not withdraw it. It remains however postponed; and from the spirit of the majority of the committee, we fear Par liament will eventually suffer. In our repo.rt of the. Grenville College spQeoh-day ill yesterday's issue, we onjiittoc| to. nation that special notice was taken of Mr T. B. Hill's esanrina tiqn q{ some of the boys in "brain printing." The boys who were examined answered correctly all the questions asked, out of a list of 290, by the Venerable Archdeacon Stretch, winding up with an answer in the shape of a line of figures about twenty in number. The archdeacon expressed himself as quite surprised at the apparent usefulness of the system. A meeting of the two councils was held last even ing on the subject of a letter from the Chief Secre tary, asking that the engineer of the Water Com mittee should be instructed to prepare a statement in writing of the reasons why it was alleged at a late interview with him that the floods here were caused principally by the defective construction of the storm water channels, and the obstruction of the railway embankment, The statements, in the opinion of the Chief Secretary, amounted to a grave charge against the Public Works and Railway Departments,_ and for that re»3on the written information was required. It was agreed to call the .attention of the Chief Secre tary to Mr Bagge's report forwarded to his department some time ago by Mr Morres, the district-surveyor. At one o'clock p.m. on Tuesday the fierce north hot wind which in Ballarat had been blowing almost with out intermission from a very early hour on Sunday morning, culminated in a thunder and rainstorm of very brief duration. The rain fell heavily so long as it lasted, and the lightning is believed to have caused the fire which occurred in Ballarat East during the storm. The heat was not much diminished by the gloom, but a subsequent rain and change of wind made the weather much more tolerable. With refer ence to the weather on Monday our Clune3 corres pondentwrites:—"Monday, 20th December, was a most unpleasant day at Clunes; the thermometer stood at 90 deg. in the shade, and a hot wind, accompanied by large quantities of dust, was blowing all day long. About four o'clock p.m. a fire, which was afterwards discovered. to be burning in the ranges near Talbot, enveloped Clunes and the locality in dense clouds of smoke, and towards evening the wind rose and blew a gale during the night, the atmosphere being almost unsupportable, but lulled towards morning, when the weather became rather cooler." The Daylesford paper describes the weather of Monday as having been un supportably hot. Tuesday's M. A. Mail says—" The heat yesterday at half-past two o'clock at Mr Garot's shop, in the square, was 102 in the shade; 110 in the sun. Several large bushfires were raging in the district." Says the Pleasant Creek News, of Tuesday—" Rumors of a very alarming character respecting an immense bush fire which took place to the northward, were prevalent in Pleasant Creek during the whole of yesterday. There are three versions of the fire, but none of them are sufficiently authenticated to warrant our giving them as correct. One report is that an im mense fire has been raging in the malee scrub for the last three or four days. Another account is to the effect that North Brighton Station has sulfered severely, some going so lar as to state that the home station has been partially burnt, and that one of the huts on the run was completely consumed, as well as Mr Jeryis' boiling-down establishment. This account further states that the inmates of the hut have not been seen or heard of since the fire. The third state ment is to the effect that a large number of farmers about Horsham has been burned out, and that one house, witb the family dwelling therein, has been quite consumed. Doubtless the correct statement will be obtained to-day. In the meantime it is as well to receivo the foregoing with a'grain of salt.' Let U3 hope that if there be any foundation for the rumors they are very much exaggerated." The question of the exemption of the Mechanics' Institute from rates was brought before the borough council yesterday, by a deputation consisting of the president, vice-president, secretary, and Mr Elliott, a member of the committee of the institute. Council lor M'Dowall thought that the deputation made out a good ease, and the matter was referred to the finance committee of the council. Dr Bunce, the energetic health-officer of the West ern borough, applied to the council, by letter, at its meeting yesterday, for a fixed salary, as usually accorded now to health-officers in large towns in this colony. The application seemed to be received favor ably, and was referred to the finance committee. Dr Bunce during his two years of office has certainly given a deal of his valuable time to his duties as health-officer. 