WEATHER AND CROPS. In the Metropolitan district we have had a break up of the weather. Althxugh no very large amount of rain has fallen, there have been some refreshing though light showers during the commencement of the week, whilst the heavy clouds, which have hung about since, threaten a downpour at any moment. The accounts from the interior, however, are not so encouraging. In the Northern districts, especially upon the eastern fall of the tableland, there have been some fine rains. Frequent thunder showers have also scattered partial blessings to favoured localities ; but the country generally, from Muswellbrook upwards, is completely parched. With reference to the Liverpool PlainB district, the Tamworth Exa miner says : — We continue to experience weather which, even for this portion of the count, y, we have seldom been oppressed with. The heat in the daytime has been for weeks oppres sively hot, but we were until lately blessed with cool mornings and evenings. Even this comfort has nor been denied us, for (he nights arc becoming as sweltering as the days. Rain was never more sadly wanted than s t present, not cnlv to cool the heavy atmosphere, bat to revive the pasturage which has in the neighbourhood of Tamworth almost wholly disappeared. The late maize csop will be a failure if rain does not visit us once withia a fortnight, and even then only half the ordinary yieVI may he anti cipated. It is now hopelessly destroyed aear town, but the injury is not so great m other parts of tie district. A heavy shower of rain set in last Sunday ewning, but it did not last long, and was of little or no service. Other parte of the district were visited in like manner, hut the cry for more rain reaches us from nearly every part of the district. There are no signs of a chaage just at present, but one must surely be close at hind, and when it doss come it will doubtless come with » vengeance. It was just such a season as this that preceded the heavy floods of February, 1864\. A week's rain would be acceptable, but we hope we shall be spared this tatter calamity. The ArmWale papers make the same report with regard to the New England district ; and, respecting the Clarence and Richmond dis tricts, the Examiner remarks : — Wc regret to state that the weather still continues very hot, everything in the way of vegetation is becoming parched, while some of the early maize is being cut down for green food for cattle, as owing to the waut of rain it will not 'cob.' With the exception of an occasional thunder-shower, there has been no general rain on the Clarence for the last four months, end the waterholes are becoming dried up, and feed for cattle is very scarce, whilst the crops in many parts are a failuro, and unless we get rain shortly, there will be very little late maize, as the ground, though ploughed, is too hard and dry for planting — (he occasional showers, owing to the extreme neat, not afliiding sufficient moisture to admit of the land being cropped. A correspondent of a local journal writes from the Barwon: — ' The weather here Is truly frightful. Sheep, like locusts, travelling in all directions, arc eating up every mouthful of vegetation. There is no more sign of rain than there was a month ago.' With regard to the state of the weather and the country in the Southern districts, we take the following reports from the papers quoted : — Mokabo. — Still we have to record the absence of rain, and though we hoped we should this week have the plea sant doty of chronicling a change in the weather, we are S revolted from so doing. On Sunday last we had about on our's steady rain, and from the cloudy appearance of the sky and the cold wind blowing we were in hemes that the rein would continue ; but before noon on that day all indi cations of rain had cleared away, the sky becoming as cloudless and the sun as hot as ever. From almost every station in this district the sheep have been sent to the 1 mountains and other favoured places; and though our -=m«ll settlers are not enabled to travel their flocks, yet they manage by some unaccountable means to keep them alive, although in some instances we hear that the flocks are being considerably thinned for want of grass. — Mercury. Nabakdbba. — Upon our principal source of anxiety, the weather, I regret 1 have no favourable alteration to re port, the lengthened drought and excessive heat are rapidly showing their effect upon everything living. Horses and cattle from tbe baok country may be seen by day and heard by night coming on to the frontage for water ; and every day they ' appear weaker than the former.- A few - 1 observed yesterday will not, I think, he able to crawl in again ; in fact, I am sure, unless we get an early rain and a heavy one, it is merely a matter of time with the most of them ; for without a good spring in the gross, the unfortunate brutes that manage for a time to exist will be cut down upon the first lfosty night The accounts from portions of the Merool Creek country become, as the season advances, still more deplorable. Upon one station, the stock fortu nately is gone, the proprietor with one horse is leading a sort of Robinson Crusoe life, with this serious disadvantage, that only a week's water, or rather mud, remains. Dead sheep may be seen, and, I regret to say, smelt; both on tbe back country, and frontage roads. A travelling mob passed down some short time since, and the gentleman in charge generously presented a resident with about forty head; they were veiy carefully penned up at night— in the morning thirty were found which did not require shepherding ; ana in the course of the day the remaining ten also departed this life, so that the gilt proved of greater benefit to the giver than tbe recipient, who had the trouble and expense of burning off.— Correspondent of the Wagga Wagga Adver tiser. Hay. — We have had to endure a recurrence of the in tolerably hot weather with which we were previously afflicted this season, and its aocompaniments— characteristic of Hay— the usual destructive dust storms. The town is wholly unsheltered by timber to the north, and is conse quently at the mercy of the furious storms of wind which blow from that quarter. Saturday was a particularly dis agreeable day. Clouds of gritty dust caught iu eddying wind penetrated every place of business and made way into every dwelling-house. Of course, furniture, articles of mer chandise, end the tempers of their owners were deranged in consequence ; and the duBt and the wind, and everything that tn any sort troubled one, were, during the storm, fre quently consigned by many to a place not celebrated for the coldness of its climate. Towards evening the temperature declined, and so did the wind. The next morning a nice rain descended for an hour or more, lajing the dust, and causing regret that it had not continued to tall fer at least three or four days in torrents. Nothing short of this would be equal to our wants.— Wagga Wagga Advertiser. MoonwATHA. — We are living in an atmosphere of smoke and dust, with the thermometer at 136 degrees iu the sun. Most of the farmers are compelled to draw water frem the wells of their more fortunate and obliging neighbours for house consumption. What will they do with their cattle f No water and very little grass are serious evils to contend against. Rain is mentioned often as ' the only cure and much wished for; but rain does not come. — Albury Saimer. Bvbbakoono. — The drought still continues without much prospect of abatement. On Sunday, 10th instant, wo had a few hours of steady rain, but so heated and parched was the ground that it did not sink in more than a few inches. On Thursday afternoon there wasalso a few showers, but no important change has been made in vegetation. Several of the stockholders on the Levels and down the Lachlan have been compelled to abandon their runs, and travel with their stock. People are now travelling with wholo herds of cattle in search of grass and water.— Argus. The Barb-on. — A correspondent of a looal journal writes :— The weather here is truly frightful. Sheep, like locusts, travelling in all directions, and . eating up every mouthful of vegetation. There is no more sign of rain than there was a month ago. Abaluek.— The weather has the last day or two been intensely hot, Bnd the bush on the mountains surrounding the valley is on fire in every direction, even to the further inert ranges, (be sky being quite red with the r- flection of ibe Hemes.— Eraidtcood Vispateh. Uiteh Adelono.— Bush-fires are now raging in almost even' direction, and have done considerable damage. Mr. A. IValion, of this place, and Mr. J. Callawiy, of Reedy Flat, ha vc had a great portion of their fenc ng destroyed, end the ?: toss for miles around has been conmmcd. — Gun- dagai Times. Tuwut, January 11th.— A very welcome change in the weather took place en Saturday, 9th instant, towards even ing the clouds gathered up in the west, and on the f ollow ing morning a fine gonial rain fell till near noon. It tiica dual cd up, but the roin that had fallen produced a very Lcm-ficiiil effect by cooling the atmo-phere and damping the dust of our streets, though it was nutsulficicnt to extinguish the buth fires which continue to rage with unabated I'ury. ' Gumiaoai.— In the neighbourhood of Gundigai we had several hours' pleasant rain on Sunday morning, 10th in stant last, and a similar refreshing shower on Thursday evening. Much more is, however, needful to change the present arid parched aspect of nature. GnarTOK.— Aftei a long continuance of dry scorching wca' her we have been blessed with goad down- pours for which all appear thankful. On Thursday evening, 7th instant, two very heavy thunderstorms with rain passed over Grafton, and apparently many miles around, the first of which dropped ice, yclept hail .—Observer. The Wagga IVagga Express remarks with reference to the yield of the recent harvest in that district :— Notwithstanding the dryness of the season, Botne of the wheat crops in the neighbourhood have yielded remarkably good returns. Some of the farmers, owing either to uu laYuurablcncis of position and aspect, or badness of culti vation, have in places lost their crops altogether. Others have secured an average of eight, ten, and even fifteen bushels per ocrc, the last being looked upon as under the circumstances an excellent crop. In one case, however, within about three miles of the town, the yield from one paddotk on the river bank has been nearly double the highest of the averages we have given, no less than 291 bushels of good sound wheat having been threshed to the ucre. This in a season like the present is a sufficient proof of the extraordinary richness of our alluvial soils. If anything, the Western districts are suffer ing more seriously than the Seuthern, and most certainly more so than the Northern. The Batkurst Times of the 16th reports : — Still no rain in Bathurrt, and the accounts from the interiur arc of a most deplorable character. Not a blade of gl ass is to be Eeen between Balhuret and the Bogan in one direction and Balburst and the Lachlan in another ; and every watcrhole for hundreds of miles is dried up. Wc have seen within the last few days what we never saw before, and what we believe few people have ever seen ; namely, bullock drays laden with wool topped up with hay. So bare is the country of feed that it is absolutely necessary to carry fodder to keep the draught cattle from starving on the roads. Not a tvhit more enlivening is the following picture of the state of affairs about Mudgee, taken from the Liberal of the 14th. During tbe pact week, the weather has been in tensely hot and dry. We hear fearful reports from the up-country districts ; sheep and cattle dying by hundreds from the drought. Water-holes that have held out during the past twenty years are now fast drying up, and if we do not have rain shortly, a number of squatters will be irretrievably ruined. The clouds at present indi cate-rain, but they hare so many times presented the same appearance it is almost hoping against hope. Of the state of affairs in the Orange dis trict, the Western Examiner of Saturday last reports : — Wc arc still experiencing a continuation of the late hot dry weather, although in the opinion of many signs of a breaking up exist, and we may shortly expect the welcome downfall. On Saturday night last a sudden change took place, end during Sunday the rain fell at intervals, softly and steadily. Flying clouds hover about, but no rain of consequence has since fallen. At Davy's Plains we learn the dams have all been filled, leaving at least six months supply of water. Westward matters wear a most dolorous appearance, the country presenting an appearance of sterility such as could hardly be imagined. Even after rain stockowners must suffer, sheep especially being too weak in condition to stand the change. In this immediate district we have been peculiarly fortunate, the country, though we complain, presenting an appearance of verdure compared to other places. Travelling sheep continue to traverse the district* the lean and hungry appearance of the animals denoting the necessity that compelled their owners to send them away. Harvest returns are extremely satis factory as regards' grain, but in hay there is a deficiency we I elieve. Should we have rain soon the potato crop will be goal— without it, nil. Ar.d with regard to the squatting districts of tbe w«st, we make the following extracts from the Dubbo Dispatch of the 15th: — Lower Castlbbeagh, January 4. — The old year has passed away, and the new year commenced with no brighter prospects of a breaking lip of this long continued drought than before. The weather during the week has been very hot ; on Wednesday the heavens were overcast, with a slight drizzling rain off and on during the day ; hut fr jm the heavy appearance of the clouds, you would have thought we were good for a day's outpouring of that great blessing we ao much need. The mean temperature since tbe 20th November laBt has averaged 106 degrees in the shade, the lowest 75 degrees. Iu truth the Castlereagh cannot be much worse, and if the season does not soon alter there will not be a hoof to be eeen on many of the stations, as the water left by the late heavy etorm some two months ago, has all disappeared. The water in the tanks is nearly done. At Polly Brewan they are carting their water from the Monkey, a distance of eleven miles. Mr, J. Bard en has been .inking a well in the bed of the river ; be has got water, but not good enough for drinkable purposes, it having a mineral taste. We have been sinking about twelve miles from hero, endeavouring to get water for the horses, and are also going to sink in the bed of the river. If this last fails, we shall have to shift our camp on to the Barwon or somewhere else. Wabben, January 12.— We had a couple of thunder storms last week. On Friday evening it rained upwards of four hours very heavy. There is a spring in the grare about the angles of the river, and with a repetition Bhortly of last week's showers we would soon have some grass. UrrEB Bogan. — There have been a few flying showers down the river, putting some water in the holes at Cagildiy, Tabratong, and Waterloo ; but upwards, water is very bad and scarce. Hot dty days, clouds hanging about, but no rain. Collie. — We were yesterday favoured with forty minutes' rain — yes, real ram and no mistake — which caused the water to run down the creek about four feet deep, filled all the holes, tanks, and dams for three miles in all direc tions. 