VICTORIA PLAINS. Reaping is over and threshing has commenced; the crops are better than were expected, although the average would have been considered very poor under other circumstances. The weather has been very changable; last Sunday we had some rain and the barometer stood at 46 during the night and part of the next morning : now it has settled very hot, yes- terday the instrument marked 114 in the shade. Bush-fires begin to trouble sheep and sheep owners ; at Walebing one has destroyed the best summer sheep runs, and it is raging yet towards the West, leaving behind it an im- mense tract of burnt ground. The perpetrators of the murder committed near Mr. Dix's station have not yet been captured. I hear that a man has been lost on his way from Newcastle to the Plains, between Batchee-batchee and the Mission; the police constable and his assistant are on the unfortunate man's tracks. We are in hopes that our roads will be thought of since His Excellency the Governor has travelled by them, and knows the necessity of something being done to them, particularly from the Mission to Walebing, and from Mardah to the North ; the traffic from the Plains to Guildford is considerable in the Sandalwood line. We wish to draw the government's attention to the necessity of appointing a reserve, at the place called Black Jaehs or Karkanbee; the is no place to turn out from Rocky-gully to Swan bridge, a distance of about 24 miles; Karkanbee has (for many years since) been the favorite turn out of all the teams on these roads, but at present nobody can do so there without being summoned for trespass and made to pay 3d. per bullock. Poor people that have no other resource than sandalwood, being continually on the road have to kill their bullocks to reach the Swan, or to pay the 3d. per head, which is a good deal for a hard struggling man. I believe that from Guildford to Walebing a distance of 120 miles there is only one Government Reserve, and that is just where it does not profit any body, as there is no water except in winter. December 25,1869. 