THE Jitquircr & Commercial Jtas. WEDNESDrxrSAECiF3ri86a SUMMARY FOR THE MAIL. It is hardly* necessary to say that the pnblic mind has been occupied daring the month, with the visit of the Dake of. Edinburgh. Since the date of oar last Summary op to the present time, it has afforded almost the only topic for conver sation, for the public excitement daring the brief stay of the Royal visitor had scarcely died oat before discussion com mAr-AnJ jtwi t^Vio «*A#tArt4n/^n Ann A*i4-Av*4~.ai*nn'i ati4- — on what was done, what was not done, and what should have been done, by the Governor daring the visit, for on His Excellency the whole matter devolved. Mach of this is accounted for, no doubt, in the lack of other matters of any public interest. The honor conferred on the colony by the visit is fully appreciated and highly valued, as well as the opportunity of mar'festing the loyalty and affection for the Prince which exists in every district of the colony; but the circum stances and the occasion were made to subserve the thirst for something to say, and above all, for something to find fault with amongst ourselves. As will be anticipated, the natural issue of all this is unprofitable, and of no interest whatever to extra-colonial readers. It would be pardonable to presume that a section of oar community, who, in the spirit of the hoar and in sober earnestness, would wish all honor and blessing on the head of the young irrrnce himsett, would quickly turn round to set up and cudgel ' his man servant, his ox and his ass ;' for here, as elsewhere, it is to some minds, and at all times, a pleasurable employment of spare time to ran so-called public criticism through ihe gamut of scurrility and abuse, and to swell to large proportions their own feebleness and untruthfiilness. In truth, the, local authorities received the Koyal visitor at a disadvantage, which, was not, and could not be, disguised. For two or three months before the arrival, the officer administering the government, and the community, looked month after month for the presence of the appointed Governor, Sir Benjamin Pine, at the seat of govern* ment ; and consequent on the disappoint ment of our expectations, and His Excel lency's non-arrival, very much devolved, and in a special manner, on the Acting Governor in making suitable preparations for the visit^ at the short notice of two or three weeks. Government House was to be transformed from a dismantled, uninhabited condition, to one fit for the comfort of the Prince and suite; and a hundred-and-one belongings, each of importance in itself, were to be seen to minutely: ' Amidst these duties there were some delicate and particularly en gaging to one especially anxious to give no just cause of offence to any section ofthe colonists ; and, moreover, these and other duties falling to the Governor werenotin the least facilitated, and in no wise likely, to carry popular favour, by the complete inaction ot tne colonists. jNotmng what ever was timely done o'n the part of the citizens towards providing entertainment where the Boyal guest would be invited by, and received at, a popular gathering of the people. It was generally believed that the visit would extend over a -longer time than it did, .and opportunity would be afforded after the arrival to decide on and carry out such public arrangements. Hence disappointment when the visitor bad left us. Had the time exceeded the brief period of three days, the Governor's programme, instead of being cut short, would have been fully carried out, and we are assured, there would have been full amends for two or threemishaps whichbefel it at the onset. But setting aside our short comings and little disappointments, the snm of the whole matter is briefly this — the Duke of Edinburgh has visited Western Australia, was highly gratified with all he saw and heard, and left us to encourage the hope that we may see more of His Boyal Highness at some future time. The unaccountable absence of Governor Pine from the colony was somewhat relieved this . month by a despatch to the Acting Governor, notifying that leave of absence had been granted Sir Benjamin to the end of January, from which we are led to expect that Bin Excellency will arrive this month. His absence, and uncertainty as to the time of his arrival, have placed the Executive for some months back at great disadvantage to tbe public interest. However anxious and able to meet the ! ordinary affairs of Government, the exist ing Administration has been, and yet is, checked by the position in which it is placed, from doing much that would be done under other circumstances. It is a custom justly recognised by the Executive, and due to every new Governor, that the affairs of office be taken up as near as can be at the noint at which thev were left -hv hia predecessor; but urgent and special matters have arisen in the long interval brought abont by Governor Pine, to compel the Administration to depart a little from usual custom. Above all, Hie Bed Bust visitation in the North districts demanded a practical recognition from the Government. The sad havoc caused by the disease threatened poverty and com plete destitution to huge numbers of farmer settlers in these districts, and necessitated feat public aid be extended. The Government deferred action for a while, beyond providing' for bodily relief to the most necessitous of the settlers ; but as time went by, tbe dnty -was forced upon it of taking immediate steps for the relief of the whole district/ in 'providing seed wheat for next season's operations, and projecting, public works, where labour would find employment. These measures provide, for the present, all that can be expected, from Government, and will enable the settlers, it is hoped, to make a commencemaut 'in tiding over* the nnfor- tunafce disaster of last year. Public works on a more extensive scale tban those now decided upon, Are left for. the consideration of the Executive with Governor Pine at its head ; as well as other measures now in abeyance, and awaiting his arrival. We have intelligence from Nickol Bay which speaks of the state and prospects of the weather in January last rather tM* Tn.vnnm.Mv. Trio nio-hts. nsnallv cool and refreshing, were close and sultry; tie weather was unsettled and occassionafly cloudy, with a little rain, and strong gusts of notherly winds, accompanied by clouds of dust. The want of a general rain-fall gave anxiety to the settlers, fearing another dry season, which would do infinite damage to their prospects. The pearl-shell fishery was not very productive, owing to the state of the tides, which prevented it being car ried on in the usual way. Diving appa ratus is now being tried, but as yet without success, on account ofthe strong currents, which throw the divers off their legs, and subject them to serious accidents. The Liberty brought eight tons of pearl-shells last month, with a cargo of wool, and some tortoise-shells. Stockowners are directing their attention to the possible methods of disposing of their surplus sheep and cattle, winch will have increased suffi ciently before three years have expired to enable holders to realize. The wiser and more far-seeing have thus early taken this matter in hand. A gentleman has written to ascertain -the probable demand for mut ton in the Singapore market (which mar ket does not of course merely represent the consumption of Singapore), and others are anxiously awaiting the result of the experi ment now being tested in an adjacent oolony, for preserving meat for the English and other markets. Anything is preferable to wasting the best part of the carcase for the sake of the tallow. A certain amount of taUow would, however, be saved wUliout stinting the preserved meat customers. Meat can be cored for market for four monthe in the year even in the Far North, and there is every prospect of a. permanent trade being established, should the meat preserving experiment, prove a success. In the new country discovered by Mr. Withnell, on some of tbe branches ofthe Upper Sherlock, there is abundance of feed and water on the runs in this direction applied for by importers, of stock, and it seems tnere is plenty tea xor new appn jants. The only drawback is that the runs are hard to get at— hei difficulty which is attached to all country over the range, and which will be rendered less obstructive, if not entirely removed, as the place be^ comes settled. There is no doubt that the North district is a healthy one, and has been so throughout ; most of the deaths have either been the result of misadventure or intemperance-; and most of the sickness, including even accidents, stay! be said, either directly Or indirectly, to have been caused by the vice so prominent in all English colonies, and more especially now by settled countries. ? Another exploring trip has been, made to the North-east ot York. The country is represented as being on the whole anything bat promising. In some places feed was plentiful, but no water was to be found ; in other places water was to be had in abundance, but the country was entirely bare of grass. No natives' were seen during the journey, but tracks and other indications gave evident signs of their recent presence in tbe neighbourhood. of the route of the party. Bush- fires were raging on every side* ,and the -whole country was, on the return, either burnt up or burning. Indeed, from every Mi&- trict we hear of busl^fires raging and loss ot leea, tnougn, nappiiy, tnere Has Deen ? little destruction of property as yet. . The I weather suddenly- changed from a cool and I pleasant season to scorching heat. The I sea breeze gave place to hot and long-con.- I firmp/5 ln.Tirl twiiWIr WliiftFi inwricrTif. Arv nr-3 m oppressive heat, night and day, until with- I in these last few days, when a change was 1 apparent, and we have now reason to 1 believe that we have passed through the 1 hottest days of the season. . . I The reports from the English mar- 1 kets, as well . as /those from. China I and the neighbouring colonies, brought I by last month's mails, are encou- ^ I raging to the colonists! Shipments of - I sandalwood are being made up with some I confidence in' the tone of the foreign I markets. The Constance, the Strathmore, ? and the Music, are now loading with this I wood for Shanghai, and other three vessels I are being filled np with colonial timber for I Melbourne. Adelaide. «nd M&nrifcius.; ' The I timber trade has now, we are glad to state, a bright and encouraging prospect. Indeed, all-thai now concerns those engaged in it are facility for internal transit, and a- place of shipment. Once these -improvements are made, a large and profitable trade will result, which the rare qualities ofthe tim ber will mjiinJ3iin) and go on increasing. As to market prices, we can hardly give quotations affecting those of last month. In the Eastern aSfd Southern districts, the season's wheat TOyet being cleaned up, . bat we can gather thai there is little, if any, expectations of alteration in tibe price of flour. The rise and firmness of the ' South Australian market, according to ] latest report, assists to maintain ruling j prices here, and as a consequence of the j Rust devastations, we do not reckon on 1 | any large surplus stocks of oar own. J 