TUMUT. (FItOM OUR COKKESPOSTEST.') Javuaey 7th. — Local news of public interest is extiotnely scant, the chief topic discussed by us being the rather dreary one of the drought, and the probability of its continuance or break-up. During the last few days our hope3 have been raised by signs of a change, but as yet these indications have proved delusive. On New Years' Day morn ing thu weather looked lowering, and a few scattered drops fell ;? bnt tho high, dry wind that prevailed at the time carried off tho rain clouds to more favoured rcgiuus. I hear grievous complaints from many of our towns folk, owners of milking cows, and working horses, of the conduct of some of the travelling shepherds, who, not satisfied with feeding their sheup on our scanty town pastures, finish the work of demolition by firing the bU9h in their transit. Terhapa the institution of a 'Bush- fire Suppression Association,' with a reward fund, might put a stou,to this 'evil- About two , years ago a number of our Tnmutites made an effort to obtain a town common, which was to have been vested in local trustees; but the dry season passed andthd affair dropped. As, however, our town magnates may shortly have to breakfast minus milk in their coffee and butter on their toast, it is highly probable the mutter will be revived, and this time I trust tho project will be carried into effect. Tt seems that many flocks that pass through Tumut have no particular destination in view, bnt are simply travelling for grass. Some thousands of Messrs. Stinson's sheep camped for five days on our reserves, and in tho interval grazed leisurely round the town. It is really time to take active steps to protect our grass privileges fur the future, and if the present drought h,i3 the effect of stirring our residents to do so some little local good will have been brought about by this general misfortune/ The old custom of seeing tho old year out and the new year in, was observed in Tumut by a band of local ministrela who perambulated the town, waking the echoes of the night with their dulcet strains. They were regaled with champagne and pastry at tho Bee-hive and Mima Idle Hotels. Our jovial neighbour, Mr. H. Moon, senr., entertained a large party at a brilliant ball and sumptuous supper on the evening of the 1st instant, at his premises, the Victoria Mill, and dancing was kept up with spirit till ' tho wee short hour ayont the twal.' I send you a report of our New Year's Day races, which came off on the Tumut course amid the greatest dust squalls on record. Tho attendance at them was very good considering the day, and the owner of the booth, Mr. J. M'Nawara, had uo cause to regret his venture. The first race on tho programme, tho Maiden Plate of 6 sovs., fell through. The New Year's Gif t, of 8 snvs., for all horses, to be handicapped by the Stewards, 2 miles, one event. Mr. A. Duffy's b in Gentle Annie ? 1 J. Halloran'sK'g The Holmes ? 2 J. Andrew's br h Tom Speck ? 3 This was an exciting, race, the little niaro winning by half a longth. Tue Haok Race of '4 sovs., for all bona fide approved hacks, heats, once round the course, carrying 10 stone. Mr. Grant's br h Dearea ? 2 11 Oooke's br h Brownie ? 1 2 2 Woodbridge's b)k h Darkey... 0 0 3 Thero were also several foot races which drew considerable attention, and. which were well contested. ? First foot race for a bridle, bix started, won by T. Green. Out of this race a match arose fir JE2 a-sido between Tom Green and the noted Adelnng ruuuer, James Fallon. Green, who won with ease, appears to be improving in his style of running. . Another handicap foot race, followed, which was woii by Mr. W. J. Piper. ? The shooting season ban now fairly com menced, and the Messrs. Mandclson and party shot 10 brace' of fine ducks in a short time on the 1st instant. . The following parcels of gold have been purchased in Tumut since the last monthly escort: — L. Mandelsou 139 ozs. 12 dwts., It. A. Newman 18 ozs. . Wo have all heard of patent ventilating hats, light as a gossamer, but our speculative townsman, Mr. J. T. V. Walker.has produced a saddle, which he designates '.The. Paragon,' possessing similar qualities. It is certainly a uniquo article, very eleguut and artistic in appearance, and seems from the demand to be in. high esteem with hcrsemen. Its distinguish ing feature.cnnsuita in a simple contrivance. by means of which (he .web of the saildlo in rendered impervious to ? rain, ? tf»- general springiness in increased, tnd ,a continual current of air is allowed to circulate freely -between the pod and tue scat. This combination of qualities renders 'the Paragon ' a most comfort-, able saddle to the rider, and a serviceable ono to the horse, it being to the latter' a perfect 'safeguard against a sore back. Bush fires are burning oa the ranges around Shelley's plains, and have consumed a quantity 'of Eawn stuff aud other timber, (he property of the brothers McAllister, which ia a scrums lues to them. A large mob of cattle purchased by Mr. Vv.' K. Smith from Mr. Forsyth, of Waggsi Wagga, passed through Tumut on Wednesday. We have a cool biceze to-day, but tho sua'a rays are very hot . ? 