-ijitnntt of <®ratral JJtuw. The thunder storms of last week liave dons -'great damago in the fruit-bearing districts of ftyde, Rarramatta, and neighbourhood. Several places in and about Sydney were struck by the lightning. Although some accidents occurred, no'life was lost. "'Last week the Rev. Dr. Lang read his third and concluding paper, on the origin and migra tion of tho Polynesian nation, before tho Royal Society. A cordial vote of thanks was passed to the rev. gentleman. ! .The following may bo of use to some of our friends, who are much troubled at night with midnight intruders.: — How to Expel Mosqui toes.— A writer in a South Carolina paper says : " I have .tried the following, and find it to work like a oharm. Take of gum camphor a piece about one-third the size of an egg, and evaporate it; by. placing it in a. tin vessel, and holding it Oyer a lamp or candle, taking eare that it does notignitc. The smoke will soon fill tho room \- and expel the mosquitoes. One night I was terribly annoyed by them, when I thought of ai id tried the above, after which I never saw or "heard of them that night, and tho next morn ing, there was not one to bo found in the room, though- tho window had been left open all that night." A PASSAGE of arms, between Mr. Dallcy and Mr. Buchanan, 'lias occurred in the shape of letters in the Herald, Mr. D alley charging Mr. Buchanan with disloyalty and sedition, and Mr. Buchanan throwing back the charge and chal lenging his assailant to givo proof. The proof is not forthcoming. Mr. Dallcy has contented himself with referring to certain wild expressions in former spoeches of Mr. - Buchanan ; but these though admitted, came far short of substantiating the charge, It is, however, amusing' that a little ferocious Ro manist, whoso sympathies aro all with the priesthood, and whoso services are ready at any moment to defend any Fenian, such as O'Farrell, should talk of sedition or disloyalty. Lot him deal with the sedition which is essential iu his church. Let him deal with tho disloyalty which flows in the veins of every Holy Guild- man of St. Mary and St. Joseph- When he has accomplished tho herculean task of sweep ing out the Fcnianism which is rampant in St. Mary's, Protestants will give him a commission to expose the sedition of Mr. Buchanan. A Meeting of the Darlingliurst branch of the Church Society, was held last week in St. John's Church, Darlingliurst Road, Bishop Barker in the chair. A collection was made after addresses, when the sum of £68 was raised to tho fund. The Sugae Business. — Tho Macleay Herald says Mr. S. Scott held a sale on Satuiday at the Star Imi, of three samples of sugar manufac tured by Mr. S. Verge, of West Kcmpsey. Sample I was light coloured sugar, and realised 5d. per lb. by the cwt. Sample 2, a rich brown sugar, was sold for did., per lb. Sample 3; an nrticlo a shade or.two darker than No. 2, realiesd dd. per lb.' Tliis was fclio first ealo of district sugar which has taken place hero ; and the prices obtained speak more forcibly for tho quality of the article than anything we could say. Tho No. 1, it will be found on calulatiou, sold at the rato of £46 13s. 4d. per ton. The anniversary of the Sunday school, Point Piper Road, was held last week, the Rev. Mr. Forsaith presiding. From the report it appear ed thattho school was in a Satisfactory condition. Addrdsscs wore delivered by several ministers. A complementary tea mooting wns held in the School-room of tho Balmain Prcsbytorian Church, in connexion with tlic settlement of tho Rev. Colin M'Cullocli. After tea a public meet ing was beld in the church. Nicol Stcnhousc, Esq., J.P., in tho chair. The Rev. Mr. Humphries opened the meeting with prayer. Addresses were delivered by Rev. Messrs. Mackray, Steel, Lang, Lowers, and M'Gibbon. Mr. M'Cnlloch acknowledged the compliment, and the meeting after spending a pleasant even ing dispersed about 11 o'clock, The Progress oftheTrutiiat Madagascar. —The following, from tho correspondent of the Port Lonia Gazette, dated Tamatavo. Sentem- ber22,ia interesting, as showing tho progress of Christianity at Madagascar : — 'A Hova chief called at my office to-day and ' wrote down the names of the five principal idols burned at the capital, namely, — Kelimalnzo, Imaliavaly, Ifan- taka, Tsimaliolahy and Raboliaza. The first mentioned of these idols is represented as hav ing been merely a piece' of stick wrapped up in a piece of rod eloth or red leather. The burning of tho idols is of course a strong proof of the progress made by tho missionaries at tho capi tal.' A day or two later he again writes : — ' A list of six more of the destroyod idols has been handed in to me, and . consequently as they are now no more, they are things of the past, and belong to Malagash history, so I give their names as follows, in hopes that they may be interesting to students of Malagash history and homencla- ' turd.' . Hero are tho names : Manjaibdltfj' Vafa- inena, FarOratra, .Tsimandafikir,' Vololona, and Andriaraaitad.' Most of the idols had tho Ma lagash prefix 'R A' attached to their names as a mark of: their nobility or respectability.' The followingwileshowwhatDrinkdoes : — A bush- fire of rather" alarming dimensions (aays the Wagga Wagga Advertiser) broko out on Monday, near Alfred town, through some people having camped in the neighbourhood and left their firo burning. The fire was making its way rapidly in the direction of a wheat paddock (Mr. Leany's), which would undoubtedly have been destroyed but for the efforts of a crowd of men Vho happened to he quenching their thirst at host Roger 8, the Alfred Town Hotel These mqn oharged the fire on all sides with: a' courage thab-nb sober' man coiild have equalled. Most f ' them lost whatever whiskers or heard they possessed, and not a few their trousers, shirts, &o;,, into the bargain. In a short time the fire was stamped out, with no worse result than the borough singing of tho more hirsute members of the mob, and tho rendering of the thristy souls thirstier than ever. A woman named Davies lost her life at Ma- riilan, by carelessly crossing the line, just as the (rain was coming up. She was ran over and killed on tho spot. A verdict' " has been giAen by tlie jury on the inquost of accidental death. The Young Men's Christian Association held their usual Sunday morning breakfast last Sab bath, the Rev. Mr. Rigby in the chair ; the sub ject of conversation was " The weapons of our warfare aro not carnal hut spiritual." On Saturday evening last, Sir Alfred Stephen delivered a long and instructive address in the Masonic Hall, on the intemporanco of tho colony, and the present licensing system. His Excellency the Governor was in tho chair, and on the platform there were many lcadingcitizens. The Hall was quito full. The learned Chief Justice dealt with his subject in his usual full and striking manner. Ho gave his oxperiecce of the extent of drunkenness in the colony, which was far from creditable to the people throughout the country. He condemned the present system of granting licenses, and he gave some very useful suggestions us to remedies. The gentlemen who have m hand the Permissive Bill had better embody some of his suggestions, if they have not done so already, A vote of thanks was given to tho Lecturer by acclama tion : and another to His Excellency was given by the whole audience rising. On Sabbath afternoon last the Flying Squad ron reached their temporary anchorage at tho Quarantine ground, and on Monday, at three o'clock in the afternoon, tlic Squadron, consist ing of six vessels, came up the harbour, to tho Government anchorage off Government House and Lady Maequarie's Point. Tho noble ves sels came up in gallant style, and took their appointed positions with the precision of clock work. An immense fleet of little craft was in attendance. Some steamors drove a "roaring trade" in tho conveyance of passengers who desired to follow in the wake of the " gallant ships." And every available spot where sight seers could watch the movements of the vessels was crowded. Twenty thousand people were lining the ground between Mrs. Maequarie's Chair and tho fort at the Governor's gate. Several places of business were shut. Tho hanks gave a half holiday. The Squadron will lie in harbour a fortnight. During the week there lias been great ac tivity throughout the country about the elec tions. The city elections have been decided by an emphatic condemnation of the present min istry, it now lies with the country to givo its verdict. In tho course of another week many of the country elections will be decided. Mean time both sides are sanguine of succecs. Since our last, in which we gave the result of tho contest in West Sydney, tho following places have returned their members : Newtown, Mr. S. Brown ; Murrumbidgeo, Mr. W. Macleay ; Glebe and Balmain, Mr. G. W. Allen ; Goul- burn, Mr. M.Alexander; Argylc, Mr.E Butler. Mr. Parkes, Kiama ; Mr. Ryan, Nupeau ; Mr. Osbiirn, Illawarra : Messrs. Onslow and Morricc, Borrima; Mr. Eckford, Wollombi; Mr. Garrett, Shoulhavcn; Mr. Phelps, Bah l-auald ; Mr. Clm-ko, - Bncijijv:-Alifc«-iSuiiiiieisj. Orange; . . - " t1 It is well known that tho rowdies in the elections just past in tho city and neighbour hood, were, without exception, the friends of the present minority — their pet lambs of the Romish flocks. The ruffians used brick bits, rotten eggs, and sticks ; but not satisfied with this, they armed themselves with packing needles and pen knives, and " stalled" their opponents when they could get a chance. When thus amusing themselves tlicy were shouting " Religious freedom," and " down with the School Act.' Holy Church was well represented in its children. The Irish brogue told of the love of blood and violence. But while tlie Sydney rioters were kept under by the strong body of Protestants always near, tho rioters in Balmain got out their horns. A she Fenian stood belore tho hustings in tho West Sydney election, and, although she spoke about shooting the Prince, her violence was confined to hissing and shouting. In Balmain, however, another she Fenian went a little farther : seizing a hammer, and rushing ex citedly into the street, she shouted out, " Give it them, boys — do to them what was done by O'Farrell to the Prince 1" The following is the diluted account ot the Herald ' — "A riot of a most serious character occurred at Bal main, between 2 and 3' o'clock on last Satur-;' day afternoon, in the vicinity of Dicks's Hotel, Darling-street, Balmain, where a number of Mr. Allen's friends and others were congre gated, discussing the nomination which had taken place earlier in the day. The riot is said to have originated in a personal quarrol, which arose out of an alleged affront. The melee became general, and hammers, spades, and other things were taken from a neigh bouring blacksmith's shop, and these, together with palings iuid fists, were used upon the heads of opponents. Mr. F. R. Robinson, the Mayor of Balmain, who was present endea vouring to exert his authority to quiet the riojers, -was seized and thrown down. In fall ing. he .put out . his hand to save himself, but thoforeq with which he descended was so groat that his Ihujd bent under him, and was dislo cated at tho wrist; ho received other niinor. injuries. Mr. Booth, timber merchant, of Bal main, had the palm of his hand cut by some sharp instrument, and had one of his teeth knocked out, how, he was unable to tell. Three or four men severely maltreated Mr. Septimus Harwood, of the Glebe, knocking him down and beating him while prostrate. A Mr. Watts, of Balmain, was. also severely bruised. Many persons received abrasod and broken noses, cut heads, and black eyes. It is hard to say where the acts of violence would have ended had it not been for tho timely arrival of senior-constable Ward, who is stationed in the suburb, with a few policemen, and who, with much presence of mind, secured those who appeared to bo most violent. Three men, who were then taken into custody, were brought up at the Water Police Court, and re manded till Monday next. Three other men, brothers, were arrested yesterday, and will he brought up at the Water Police Court to-day. The timely arrests put an end to the distur bance. On tho matter being known in the The following will show what a remarkable race the O'Sullivans are;' One was a mayor of Cork, another was the editor of the Freeman' a Journal, and a third is a "patriot" at Hunter's Hill, where, in all the freshness of a new land, and a land of liberty, he lives in the super stition and darkness of Popish medievalism. Replying to a letter of Mr. E. Flood, in which Mr. Flood speaks of certain howling Irishmen who pursued himself and Mr. Parkes, on the occasion of the city elections, and were ready, if they had got a chance, to 'indulge in' violence, Mr. O Sullivan proceeds as follows : — " Far be it for me to justify the acts which Mr. Flood mentions. On the contrary, I condemn and even reprobate them., On the other hand, I must be allowed to say that Mr. Parkes and his friends (Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Piddington and others) have given very great provocation. Mr. Parkes, because of the act of one more than half- insane discarded drunkard, en deavoured to implicate the whole Catholic community ; he has passed a measure of educa tion which the thirty-two or thirty-three Catholic bishops of Ireland have formally con demned as dangerous to faith and morals, and which condemnation has been approved of by the head of religion — the divinely-commission ed guardian of faith, morals, and tradition — the very Vicar of Him to whom the whole world was committed, and to whom "All power in heaven and on earth is given — that measure Mr. Parkes is endeavouring to force, and not by the fairest means, on the Catholics of this land.— I am your obedient servant John O'Sullivan. Hunter's Hill, 6th December" 