SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1869. It cannot now be doubted that the cases alleged to be chicken-pox, and which have all along been suspected to be small-pox, at the west end of this city, are in reality examples of the more serious of these two varieties of exan thematous diseases. The arrival in the colony of a vessel bringing a case of real variola, the death of the patient suffer- ing from this disease, and the subse- quent occurrence of another fatal case, in the person of a man who had occupied the same ward in the Melbourne Hos- pital, not unnaturally led to the belief that the second case was the result of contagion, and that this serious affec- tion had been certainly introduced into the colony. As a matter of policy it might have been unadvisable to allay public apprehension by en- couraging the belief that the other cases following upon these two were chicken pox, and not small-pox. And, indeed, to those who are acquainted with the patho- logy of the diseases there was in reality no absolute violation of truth in describing the cases by a term conveying the impres- sion that they were not examples of a virulent form, of small-pox. For be- tween a certain kind of varicella or chicken-pox, and variola or true small- pox, there is positively no difference whatever in kind, the only difference being one of degree. Pure varicella, or simple chicken-pox, however, is an alto- gether different affection from that which has'for the last six weeks been occurring in West Melbourne, and of which there are now several very marked examples in the Immigration Hospital in Bourke-street west. Two of these which are now convalescent exhibit palpable evidences of true small-pox ; another case at the ninth day of progress is singularly illustrative to the same effect, and the case of an elderly woman, in whom the disease has not advanced beyond the fifth day of the eruption, appears not unlikely to become a very striking illustration of the confluent form of the disease. It can hardly be supposed that the official information from time to time furnished, that all the cases following upon that of Webster, the chief mate of the Avon Vale, were cases of chicken-pox, was due to a mis- apprehension of the real nature of the disease, but that it was given with the not unpardonable desire to repress in the public mind that reasonable apprehension which arises from the knowledge of there being in a thickly populated community an infectious and terribly fatal disease, hitherto virtually unknown among us. If there were, however, any uncertainty on this point in the minds of those whose duty it has been to report upon the cases which have occurred, it might not be from the purpose to remind them that true chicken-pox appears under con- ditions very different from those which have been observed in connexion with the present outbreak of exanthe matous disease. Dr. West, On the Diseases of Infancy and Childhood, says :- " Varicella (chicken-pox) is " almost exclusively a disease of child " hood, and, in the great majority of " cases, it occurs prior to the completion " of the first dentition. Its initiatory " fever, which is scarcely ever severe, is " sometimes altogether wanting ; so " that the appearance of the eruption on " the surface is the first occurrence that " calls attention to the child's condi- " tion." Now, in all the cases which have occurred in West Melbourne, the sub- jects have been adults, and not children. Drs. MAUNSELL and EVANSON, in their work On the Diseases of Children, describe varicella as "peculiar to the " period of childhood, as it very rarely "affects adults." They further tell us that-" It very early --indeed, usually " from the very commencement -- " assumes a vesicular character, " coming out suddenly in the form " of little blisters, about the size " of split peas, and filled with a " transparent straw-coloured or yellow " lymph." And, again, " Chicken-pox " is to be distinguished from small-pox, " supposing it not to be a modified form " of that disease, by its mildness, by " the rash early assuming a vesicular " character, the vesicles not being de- " pressed in the centre, and coming out " in successive crops," none of which characteristics have been found in the cases recently occurring. Sir Thomas Watson, whose authority no one will deny, says also, " The disorder is almost " peculiar to infants and children of " tender years. The eruption is pre- " ceded by little or no premonitory " fever, commencing usually on the " shoulders, neck, and breast, affecting " almost always the scalp, but sparing " very much the face, which in small- " pox never escapes." In the case just referred to, threatening to be one of confluent small-pox, now in the Immi- gration Hospital, the face is one mass of eruption. Sir Thomas continues : " The eruption is composed from the " very first of perfectly transparent " vesicles, surrounded by a very " slight degree of superficial redness." The redness in the case referred to is universal. The truth is that the disease, as it has appeared in this city, is modi- fied small-pox, but though modified, still absolutely and certainly small-pox; and investigations of late years have led to the conclusion that many cases of what is frequently regarded as varicella are true variola, and between these, as may be readily imagined, there is little if any difference. Dr. Copland, in his Dic- tionary of Practical Medicine, says : " It is not, however, so easy to dis- " tinguish varicella from modified small " pox. The symptoms precursory of " the latter are usually intense, which " is never the case with the former. In " modified variola the eruption is " pustulent, and the pustules are small, " circular, and generally depressed in " the centre. After the scaly crusts " drop off, tubercles are frequently seen, " which disappear slowly. In varicella, " the vesicles, which are at first, trans- " parent, contain a fluid which becomes " sero-purulent, and they are never fol- " lowed by tubercles, as in modified " variola." In one of the convalescent cases now at the Immigration Hos- pital these resulting tubercles are very marked. Dr. Hughes Bennett, in his Prin- ciples and Practice of Medicine, says : " Sometimes small-pox occurs epidemi- " cally in a remarkably benign form. " It then presents all the characters de- " scribed by some authors as varioloid. " Occasionally it occurs twice, or be- " comes what is called recurrent, and it " has been known to arise frequently " after vaccination. In all these circum- " stances, when mild, it so resembles " chicken-pox as not to be distinguished " from it. But more than this, it was " observed in the epidemic that pre- " vailed in Edinburgh in 1819 and " 1820, that small-pox and chicken-pox " existed together in different indi- " viduals inhabiting the same room, " and sleeping in the same bed. " Well-authenticated cases occurred " of persons inoculated with small-pox " in whom the eruption assumed the " appearance of chicken-pox, and again " persons inoculated with (so-called) " chicken-pox had small-pox well charac " terised. The work of Dr. John " Thomson contains many facts of this " description,' which were well-known " at the time, and an account of nume- " rous experiments carried on in the castle " garrison of this place, which have " never been controverted, and which " fully establish an essential unity in the " nature of the two affections," And this is exactly what it is so desirable to make clear at this moment, namely, the identity of varicella -- or what is usually considered varicella -- and vari- ola, -- the common nature in short of a particular form of chicken-pox and small-pox, the two being, as Dr. Ben- nett remarks, "different only in degree " and intensity, not in kind." This truth being recognised, it re- mains to point out the imperative necessity of isolating all cases of the dis- ease, however modified or masked they may be ; and on this point we may again quote Sir Thomas Watson, who says, " The main point of practical im- " portance is, however, this -- that if we " meet with any eruption which is at " all equivocal, we should use the same " precautionary measures for preventing " the extension of the disease as if we " were sure it was modified small- pox." This .excellent piece of advice it is to be hoped the Government will at once carry into practical effect. The place until now selected for the reception of the patients suffering from small- pox is eminently unsuited for the purpose. It has at the back of it a thickly-crowded neighbourhood, in which are to be found all the conditions fa- vourable for encouraging the spread of any epidemic disease. Villanous dwel- linghouses, ill-ventilated, worse drained, and abominably crowded, simmer in con- tinual filth in the north-western quar- ter of this city. The authorities have, so far, no doubt, done all that it is possible to do in the way of pro- phylactic measures ; but the removal of all future incipient cases to a perfectly isolated locality is in future imperatively necessary, and to ignore any longer the no doubt alarming truth that real small-pox is prevalent in Mel- bourne, would be worse than an act of folly, and tantamount to a crime against the whole population, which would be- come endangered. When considering the subject of rail- way extension, some time since, we suggested that the inhabitants of Beech- worth should construct a branch line, by means of a joint-stock company, to connect their important town and gold- field with the main trunk Une from Mel- bourne to the Upper Murray, We still believe that this could be done, if proper exertions were used. There would be no difficulty in raising a portion of the required capital in this city, if only the Beechworth people proved themselves in earnest, by initiating the enterprise in a liberal and spirited manner, and if a reasonable proportion of the company's stock were subscribed in the colony the balance would in all probability sell at a premium in the London market. And there are other towns besides Beechworth that should bestir them- selves in the matter of railway construc- tion. Several years must elapse before any other than the Belvoir line can be undertaken by the state, and those dis- tricts the people of which think railway accommodation essential to their pros- perity would do well to consider whether they should not try and do something to procure it for themselves, rather than await the tardy realisation of the Govern- ment scheme of extension. It is not necessary, however, that private enterprise should set about the important work of railway construction altogether unaided. There is an inter- mediate course, in which a state gua- rantee comes to the help of joint stock enterprises, and this mode of providing funds for the execution of reproductive works undoubtedly has its advantages ; since, uvthe first place, it facilitates the raising of money to carry on the works; and, in the second, insures economy of construction and of management. Two important railways are now being made in neighbouring colonies with money raised in the manner under con- sideration. The Launceston and De- loraine Railway, as our readers are aware, is being constructed by a joint stock company, chiefly with money borrowed in England, of which the in- terest is guaranteed by the Tasmanian Government, the landholders whom the line will benefit haying entered into an obligation to recoup the state by means of a rate to be levied for that purpose, should the returns from the railway fall short of the interest-money. This, it will be observed, is a reasonable and equitable arrangement, and has an ad- vantage over our state railway system inasmuch as it thiows the burthen of the line, should it prove unremunera tive, on those to whom it is more diiectly beneficial, instead of on the general community. The course pursued in South Aus- tralia is somewhat different, and neces- sarily so, because the new railway -will traverse, for the most part, nnalienated land. The line which is about to he com- menced in that colony will begin at Port Augusta, - at the head of Spencer's Gulf, and run noithwards into the inte- rior, a distance of two hundred miles. In December, 18G7, the construction of this line was authorised by the Legisla- ture, and interest at the rate of five per cent, on the cost of construction, at the rate of £3,750 per mile, was guaranteed to any company that would construct and work the line, Many tenders for the construction of the railway, in terms of the act, wero sent in, and last month the joint tender of two London com- panies was accepted, and all necessary arrangements made for proceeding with the works. In another portion of the present issue a letter will be found, in which full details of this scheme are given, and all who are interested in railway extension will find it worthy of their attention. This Port Augusta Railway will not bo a magnificent work. It will not seive, like our own lines, for a memoiial of engineering skill and Par- liamentary extiavagance. Indeed, some may feel inclined to laugh at it when they hear that the act provides that the trains shall travel upon it at a speed of not less than eight miles an hour ! But it may prove of immense advantage to South Australia fur all that. Even at the very moderate rate of eight miles an hour, trains will run over its whole length in a day and a night, and the squatters of the interior will be enabled through its means to deliver their wool a full month earlier than at present. And the eight miles an hour limitation is intended to apply in the event of horses being employed on the railway, or a part of it, which, however, is not likely to be the case. The line will be strong enough to carry locomotives, and no doubt these will be used from the first, although the excessive cautiousness of the South Australians has led them to prepare carefully for a different state of things What chiefly concerns ourselves in this new railway project of our neigh- bours is, that it proves that railways can bo made at a very cheap rate, and that there are companies in England quite prepared to make railways in Australia if guaranteed a re- turn of five per cent, on the cost of their construction. Probably there is not one of the lines that were pro- posed when our own railway extension scheme v>as beforo Parliament, which would not prove a better investment than the Port Augusta and Northern line, and some, tliough not all of them, could lie made as cheaply, if only we would content ourselves with a mode- rate rate of speed-not eight" miles an hour, but something under twenty miles. When there are mountain ranges to ascend at a high rate of speed, the locomotives must be powerful, and there must be a strong permanent way to carry them, which runs up the cost of construction to a high figure. But if the gradients aro easy, and a mode- rate rate of travelling will suffice, the line and the rolling stock may be lightly and cheaply constructed. We commend the example of South Australia to the attention of the western district of our own colony. An easy route from Hamil- ton would not be difficult to find, and there can be little doubt as to the profitableness of a railway from that town to Geelong or Bal- larat, if it could be constructed at the same rate as the Port Augusta line, or anything like it. It is a question whether any Government guar- antee would be required for the interest on the construction money. While English capitalists are eagerly looking out for investments, and Australian en- terprises are in favour, it is very likely that nearly all the money that would be required for the construction of a western district line could be raised in London on the merits of tho undertaking, and that it would only be necessary in regard to it, as in regard to a Beechworth branch line, that sufficient capital should be sub- scribed in the colony to satisfy English investors of our lona fides. "We understand that, after all, Parliament will ratet about tho second week in February. As no piovision Los been made for the pay. ment of the civil servants for January, it is necessary that the two Houses should meet as early as possible. A rumour has been in circulation to the effect that the whole staff of tho volunteer force has been, suspended pending tho in- quiries now going on into the condition of the force. This, howover, is not the case. What tho Chief Secretary has dono hos been to suspend the rules and regulations of the force from the 1st iust., in order that the members of the force might not bo in a posi- tion to put forward any claims for tho current year which might bo inconsistent with any decision that may bo arrived at hereafter as regards the force. It nould appear that the recommendations of tho board appointed to inquire into tho management of tho Government Printin¿ officu aro already bearing good fruit. It is now intimated that after Friday, next, the 15th inst., the Qoveinmeni Gazelle will only bo published once a week, the day being Friday. We also notice that the Victorian Police Gazette is now-commencing with the new year-printed on white paper o£ a common kind in place of tho expensivo bluo paper which has hitherto characterised it, It is notified in the Gazette of last night that Mr. Moore, tho under- secretary, has retired from the public service under tho pro visions of tlio Civil Service Act ; and that Mr. "\V. H. Odgers, chief clerk in. the Chief Secretary's office, has hoon appointed to bo his successor. Mr. Andorson, tho chairman of tho Bal- larat Water Commission has managed to 'omplete on important piece of business »x luring Ilia recent visit to town. Tho loan of £50,000 promised by tho Government for the extension of water- supply at Ballarat has not yet been availablo simply on account of the delay that has taken place in preparing the necessary bond. Mr. Anderson, how- ever, obtained the all-important document yesterday, and as soon as tho seals of tho two borough councils of Ballarat are affixed to it, the money will bo handed over. Tho act to alter the qualification of mem- bers and electors of the Legislative Council became law on the first of this month. The qualification of members is now fixed at £.2, COO valuo of property, which is to he taken as rated in any "municipal district," which phrase includes the city of Melbourne, the town of Geelong, and cvory borough, shire, and road district. Tho qualifications of elec- tors are :-(1), Freeholders of lands situated in any ono and tho same province, and rated at not less than £50 a-year, or double the amount in the aggregate if situated in sepa- rate municipal districts of the samo pro- vince ¡ (2), leaseholders similarly rated ; (3), occupiers similarly rated ; {4)r joint owners or occupiers of property sufficient to givo each the foregoing qualification ; (5), mortgagors in possession ; (6), graduates, legal and medical practitioners, ministers, schoolmasters, military and naval oflicorei and matriculated students. Rolls of rate paying electors are to ho mado out every year in August of all persons rated at £30, in the same way as rolls of íatcpaying electors for the Assembly aio now mado out. Thoso who aie not on the rolls of ratepaying electors must take out electors' rights, as at present. These rights may be taken out by all porsons duly qualified at once, and they will be in time for the supplementary rolls compiled on the 1st of March. This supplementary roll will be in advanco of the roll of ratepaying elec- tors, and anyone who is qualified may now take a right out without waiting to see whether ho will be on that lollornot. At the expiration of five years property outside of a municipal district will not bo considered a qualification. One now feature is that matriculated students of tho University, of twenty-one years of age, can take out an electois' right in the division where thoy re- side. Iho town clerks and seeietaries of tho local bodies aie required to make out tho roll of ratepaying electors in August next, and transmit them to tho registrars in the same way as tho rolls for tho Legislativo As- sembly. Theie would appear, although the fact is not admitted in the highest political circles, to bo a -nant of harmony in the Cabinet, on at least somo small points. It appears that the Voluntcor department owes to tho Railway department a sum of between £9,000 and £10,000, for the conveyance of volunteer stores, &c;, this account oxtending over a series of years. This sum was applied for lately by the Hailway department to tho Treasury, but some demur was made. At all events the money wa3 not paid. Within the last day or two, Colonel Anderson ap- plied for a pass, as a volunteer, but was in- formed that he could only have a ticket on the usual teims of paymont, the volunteer account being closed until the outstanding amount was paid up. It is stated- with what degree of truth, of course, we cannot state that this determination of the Commissioner of .Railways has had something to do with the postponement of the volunteer review. We understand that no less than sixty five of the men employed at the Williams- town railway works were discharged norn tho soi vice yesterday on ono week's notice, Somo of these mon have been for ten years and up .wards in the service of the Government, It is probable that we shall have a now Uno of steamships direct between an English port and Australia sooner than has been calcu- lated upon, Wc learn that as soon as it was known in London that tho Government of this colony were disposed to favour a line of laige steamers via the Capo of*Good Hopo, the friends of Mr. Burstall at once took action. It was expected that his com- pany would be registered there on the day after tho departuro of -the mail, and tho letters received in town per the Bombay state that shares were being freely applied for. This had determined the representatives of the company there to take action, and they had purchased a new and very largo steamship on the Clyde, which thoy expected to have ready to despatch from Milford Haven, where she would take her coals on board, in the course of this month. This vessel was expected-nay, almost guaranteed-to make the voyage in forty days, as she would call at no port, carrying her own coals for tho entire voyage. She would be followed at an interval of a month, or perhaps of a couple o{ months-as the voyages wore experimenta only-by tho magnificent steamship Persia, which had been bought from tho Cunard Com puny,, and was being altorod on the Clyde from a paddlo to a screw steamship, and was having Randolphand Elder's patent combined engines placed on board, in place of those side-lever engines of Napier's make which se long drove tho Persia across the Atlantic al the rate of from fourteen to sixteen knots ar hour. Tho airival of the first of these vessol will give an immense impetus to this scherco and already, we learn, the inquiry fo: shares in our local market has decidedh increased. An examination of porsons desirous ol qualifying themselves to impart instruction in the common schools of the colony, was held yesterday in the now Exhibition-build ing. Thero were fifty-six candidates of botl sexes for tho first division of competency and l63 for the second division, the ladic rather preponderating. Moro than a thin of the candidates wero persons alroad; employed in the common schools, and thi others presented themselves for the purposi of getting certificates with tho view of obtain ing the position of teachers, no ono under th present rules being eligible for employmen under tho hoard without possessing a cortifi cato of some kind. Tho examination wa conducted by three school inspectors, witl Messrs. Neighbour and Cleazy, of the Mel bourne University, and Mr. Thompson an Oxford graduate. Complaints havini been made at previous examination that candidates copied answers from, on another, every precaution was taken t prevent a recurrence of this infringement o the truies. However, ono man was foun passing,'Lî,"co'àook to another, and bot candidat., ¿-jcere summarily dismissed th building by the inspector under whos notice the delinquency carno. Similar ej animations were held simultaneously a Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Geeloni "Warrnambool, and Beechworth, and aboi 400 candidates presented themsolves at the! places. Tho second division examinatior terminated yesterday, and tho cxaminatioi for the first division of competency will I resumed to-day. The results of these e: animations, which are now hold yearly, wi ho known in three or four weeks' timi Next v«eek there will bo an examination < pupil teachers for promotion in their classil cation, and thoro will bo an examination i drawing on tho 23rd inst, and in singing c the 2Sth inst. The Head-miarters Band will play thi afternoon, from half-past three to half- pa five o'clock, in the Fitzroy-gardens. TI following is tho programmo¡-March, "A fred," Schott ; quadrillo, "Bon Jour Zickaff ; selections from "Marino Falioro Donizetti; overture, "Sorniramide," Rossin waltz, "Happy Hours," Sledo; selectioi from "La Part du Diable," Auber; galop, "Froh und Heiter," Faust, Some of our readers will remember Father Forde, who, some two or three years ago, travelled through Victoria, collecting funds for tho erection of a church at Ballyvaughan, in Ireland. With tho fruits of his visit, and aid ho received at home, the rev. gentleman baa accomplished his purpose. Shortly before the last mail left, he received a boll for the church from Lord Annally. The commission appointed to inquiro into tho'charge against Mr. C. G. Duffy and Mr. W. A. Blair of employing dummies at a land selection held at Nepean, on 7th Dccomber c last, held a very long sitting yesterday. The proceedings commenced at ten o'clock, and lasted till half-past sevon o'clock. The case against Mr. Duffy was concluded, and the charges against Mr. Blair were then gone into. There was somo difficulty as to the prosecution in Mr. Blair's case, that gentle- man declining to answer the complaint of anyono but Mr. C. G. Duffy, whilst tho com- plainant was, in fact, Mr. John Duffy. Ultimately Mr. C. G. Duffy consented to bc como tho prosecutor, and a number of wit- nesses wero examined in support of his case. Witnesses were also examined on behalf of Mr. Blair, and the commission adjourned its sittings till this morning. Several deputations, which "had boon fixed for yesterday, were postponed in consequence of a Cabinet meeting, which occupied the attention of Ministers during the whole of tho day. Amongst the deputations thus de- ferred was one to tho Minister of Justico from, the solicitors practising in the City Police Court, relativo to the removal o£ Mr. Camp- bell, which has now been appointed to take place on Monday at a quarter to ten o'clock. Arrangements had been made at the Lands Office to receive two deputations one from St. Kilda and the other from Prahran-in reference to the sale of allot- ments in these localities. Mr. Grant, how- ever, having been summoned to attend a Cabinet meeting, was obliged to postpone the interview in each caso for a week. Tlie Chief Secretary was again asked yes terday to lix a day for the pic nie at the Bal larat Waterworks, to which the various mem- bers of the Government have been invited. In reply to tho request, Mr. M'Culloch stated that the public business was just now of so pressing a nature that he could mako no definite appointment. Ho promised, how- ever, to fix a day at the earliest possible period, when he and the other members of the Cabinet would attend, Tho application of the Borough Council of Ballarat for permission to change the sito of the Town-hall has not been complied with. Mr. M'CulIoch yesterday informed Mr. M'Dowell, the mayor of the borough, that the Governor in Council had no power to authoriso tho sale of tho present site, with the view of substituting another, and that matters must therefore remain as they were at present. Our correspondent at Queenscliff informs us that tho ship Tornado was released from quarantine yesterday, her passengers being left' in the hospital at Point Nepean. The Tornado would probably reach Hobson's Bay last night, unless she was detained in the South Channel by the south-easterly breeze ?which was blowing. As a satisfactory instance of the variety of the fields of labour open to Victorian artisans, and their ability to competo in the market with the best home workers, we may mention the establishment of a new safo manufactory, that of Mr. I. H. M'Carthy, who has purchased the patent and interest of Messrs. Dyke and Williams, formerly carrying on business in Latrobe street west, and who has fitted up large premises at 127 Russell-street, consisting of a show- room, workshop, and out-houses, for the manufacture of colonial safes. At a trial at the Geelong Agricultural Show in September, 18C7, the superiority of the safes of Messis. Dykes and Williams to those of the celebrated firm of Milner and Co,, of the mother-country, was very incontestably proved ; and the colonial safes have now a reputation which is not likely to bo interfered with by any importations. Mr. M'Carthy will employ machinory for a largo portion of tho work which was formerly done by hand. Ho expects shortly to have fourteen men at work, and four fur- naces in operation, when ho will be ablo to turn out a safe a day. There is a largo de- mand for the colonial safes, which can be made twenty per cent, cheaper than the Eng- lish article, and there is every probability of the commodious premises Mr. M'Carthy is fitting up becoming the nucleus of a vory large and important colonial industry. Somo ?work of a kindred character will be turned out from tho manufactory, and it is in con- templation to fit up somo of .the safes with an improved combination lock, which has been found still more secure than the popular one of Chubb. Tho glass-works of tho Messrs. Thomas, at North Melbourne, are now in f uU operation, and tho manufacturo of tho various articles which the firm aro in a position to mako is being earned on with great energy. Since the death of Mr. Nixon, the original intro- ducer of this new industry into Victoria, the Messrs. Thomas have made an immenso im- provement in the effectiveness and complete- ness of the apparatus, and have brought the establishment into thorough working order. A casual glance at tho dingy woodon erection where tho work is carried on would give a very inadequate idea of the amount of labour and capital sunk by Messrs. Thomas in their undertaking. They have had to contend with "the usual difficulties which beset pioneers of manu- factures in now countries. They have had to create a demand for their goods, discover the best sources of supply of the raw material, and have in many other ways been forced te adopt very inadequate moans to the desired end. Even tho crucibles which contain the molten glass in the furnace have to bo roadt by their own hands, and clay suitablo foi the purposo has to be imported from New' castle. At present.thero are employed on th( works eight hands, excluding tho brothon Thomas, but when the necessary capital hai been raised, a much larger number will hi engaged, and the operations of tho firm wit bo greatly expanded. Tho chief furnaci where tho melting process is effected, is abl< to reduco about twenty-fivo hundredweigln of glass per week. On each side are tw« smaller furnaces. The ono on the left i: appropriated to tho blowers, who whilo ma nipulating the glass require a certain degroi of heat to bo maintained. The furnaco or tho right is used as an annealing kiln where tho deftly blown and cunninglj shaped fruits of the workman's skil are placed to cool. It is also employed t< bako tho crucibles, before they aro thrust int< the fiercer heat of the central furnaco. Thi goods at present turned out by tho Messrs Thomas will sustain favourable comparisoi with most of the imported articles of tin same kind. They includo fish globes, lam] chimneys, basins, wino glasses?" and otho; articles of common use, besides show glasses druggists' bottles, and other articles requirini tasto and skill in their manufacture. Th demand for the various classes of goods wi have mentioned is very largo, and the firn have received several orders which, with thoi present limited means, they have been unabl to execute. A public trial of Mr. Itascbe's dircct-actini steam battery for quartz crushing took plací yesterday at the Hailway Timber-yards, Flin ders-streot. As a full account of Mr. Rasche1! invention ha3 already been given in thesi columns, it is now unnecessary to give an particulars regarding its mechanism an< general construction. Thoro was present number of gentlemen connected with the min bag interests o£ this and the neighbourin colonies, andgencral satisfaction wasoxpressed regarding the results of the triah Owing to the small pressure of the water supply, the maximum number of strokes obtained from tho stampers was only eighty per minuto, but even with this amount of power the results wero very satisfactory. We beliovo that since the trial Mr. Rasche has been commissioned to supply two engines on the samo principle as tho one exhibited. One of them will be sent to Sandhurst, and the other is to be for- warded to the famous Thames district in New Zealand. There is at present cxhibitingat Mrs. Harri- son's fancy repository, Collins- street cast, a varied and very unique collection of wax flowers, which would well repay an inspec- tion. They have been executed hy a lady artiste, who has devoted many years to the study of the art of modelling ; and, judging from these specimens of her skill, she seems to havo well nigh brought it to perfection. Tho collection is about being disposed of on the principle of the art union. Thero are forty prizes, all moro or less valuable, the number of tickets to be issued being 250, at 10s. Gd. each. The first prize, valued at thirty-five guineas, con- sists of an elegant and artistically arranged group in a crystal vaso, and covered by a shade. It comprises a selection of the choicest flowers. Conspicuous amongst them arc the white and scarlet passion flower, the drooping mysteria, roses, and dahlias of every hue, and imitations of some very rare tropical creepers and small flowers. Tho other prizes aro in every in- stance of value, and would be no doubt con- sidered by a vertuoso triumphs of art. The lottery will take place, provided the remaining tickets aro disposed of, about the end of tho present month. Mr. IT. J. Wrixon, M.L.A., has been lec- turing at Belfast on the subject of "Ghosts and Spirits." The able and learned lecturer's belief seemed to bo that "ghosts" are a reality ! Mr. W. H. Williams has just published a pretty little Australian Manual, containing short tales and poems by some of our best known writers, together with a collection of conundrums, jokes, &c.; The matter seems to havo been got together, to somo oxtent, by the offer of premiums for the best contribu- tion sent in, and the prize in poesy has been awarded to Mr. Henry Kendall, for a little poem entitled "A Death "in the Bush," of which it is only necessary to say that it sus- tains his well-earned reputation. The prize tale (anonymous) is entitled " Wongawarra,'' and reads like a Family Herald, romance localised. Two other talcs that did not com- pete, but were hastily written to make np the required number of shoots (the competitive scheme having only partially succeeded), are bettor than "Wongawarra." One, "Efiie's Début," tells of a pretty colum- bine, who is as innocent as pretty, and who, after going through much suffering and em- barrassment, makes an undeniably good match in the end. The writer shows con- siderable knowledge of that mysterious region known as " behind the scenes, " and makes the best uso of his opportunities when ho defends tho ladies of the profession against a kiud of aspersion in which people sometimes indulge who know nothing whatever about them or their ways. The other stop-gap tale is by Mr. Marcus Clarke. Under the title of "Treasure Trove," it tells how somo sailors set out to look for a ship supposed to be drifting about tho South Seas with treasure onboard, and how theygot frozenup, andspent their Now Year'sDaynear the South Pole. The remaining contributions are of varying merit The little book is profusely illustrated by Mr. Carrington and Mr. Calvert, and the drawings are generally very meritorious. It is to bo presumed that Mr. Williams intends to continue the Annual, in which case he would probably do bettor to omit the com- petition next time, and arrange with com- petent writers in good time for the mattor he requires. What may bo found to be a very curious story is partially narrated in the followinf letter of a correspondent, who writes frorx Emerald-hill :-"Last Christmas Eve Hound a little girl on the Queen's Wharf, who saic she had no home, as her father bad broughl her horn Bendigo, and left her in tho stree! destitute. Sho was in rags, and vory dirty. ] took her} home, and have kept her, in th< hopo of some one making inquiries for her, She states that her mother died at Bondigc .when she was two years old ; that her step mother and grandfather died of ' the horrors ; and she gives me a very duplorablo account o her lato home. Seeing your notice in to-day'i Argus oi a missing child, eleven years old with brown hair, X begin to think that thi child is deceiving mo, and may bo EUei Collins, and not Susan Heading, as sho repre sents herself to bo. If you notice this matte in your columns, perhaps the truth will com' out." The drought from which the whole countr; is just now suffering has much altered th' appearance of tho Botanic-gardens. Thi ground is parched and hard, tho flowers ii bloom aro few, and the sof fc-lcaved deciduou trees have a half-scorched, withered look The lake, too-so great an ornament whei filled with water and covered with wild-fow -is as dry as the highway, and the birds hav migrated to more congenial localities. Mucl of this will be remedied when tho arrange ments for pumping water from the Yarra ar complete, and they aro being pushed forwan as rapidly as possible. There are some prett; flowers in bloom, however, and tho palm house and green-house are well worth a visit Next week thero will bo the additional al traction of the great water-lily-Victori Regia-which will flower for tho first tim this season within the first few days of th week. The donations have boen as follows Messrs. A. Heinrich and G. E. Warburfcoi (Western Australia), dried plants ¡ Drs. J. E Hooker (Kew), G. n. K. Thwaites (Ceylon! and Howitt. (Melbourne), seeds ; Mr. J. 1 Bryant (New Zealand), Messrs. Hubor Brc thers (Ilycres), and Mons. Panchos (Net Caledonia), seeds; G. Handasyde (Richmond! plant and seeds ; W. Walker (Molbournc) seeds of Indian plants. We regret to observo in the list of inso vents the name of Mr. Gilbert Roborts, ( the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre. A brav attempt to maintain a second thcatro hi thus early come to an inglorious end. A firo broke out soon after eleven o'cloc last night, in Elizabeth-street north, 1 which property of considerable valuo wi destroyed. The promises in which it orig natcd were those of Mr. R. Millor, coacl builder, a few doors from the Sir Wal ti Scott Hotel, corner of PrankUn-streot. TI rooms immediately fronting the street wei occupied as show-rooms, and contained good number of vehiclos of various kim ready for sale. Behind these, and extern ing to a depth of about sevonty-fivo fee wore the workshops, the whole ben constructed of wood and brick, roof« with iron. These promises wero closei and left, as it was supposed, in safet at fiix o'clock last ovoning, and, as no oi resided on the premises, it is at prosont in possible to assign any cause for tho outbreal At twenty minutes past eleven o'clock ti building burst into flames ; tho fire-bc immediately sounded, and, in a very sho space of time, Superintendent Hoad, with h brigade, was on tho spot, and actively ei gaged in subduing tho conflagration, assiste by tho members of tho Hotham Brigade TI polico wero also mustered in force, ar seconded the operations of the firemen mo effectively by keeping the mob clear of ti burning buildings. Some portion of M Miller's stock, consisting of carriagos and'oth' vehicles, was saved, and then the effort w¡ to prevent the spread of the flames to oth buildings. Already they had involved ti stores at the back of Davis Brothers, ehii and earthenware dealers, which contain! property valued at £300, but the front pro- mises were saved. Seldom has a fire which threatened such serious consequences been so rapidly subdued ; in half an hour all danger was over, and in ah hour scarcely a spark of it remained. It is estimated that the stock on Mr. Miller's premises was worth £1,(300, but the stock and buildings wore jointly in- sured in the Queen and Tasmanian Insuranco Offices for £1,000. The Messrs. Davis had the stock in their front shop insured for £200, and the only damage done there was from removal and water. The stores at the back were not insured. No idea can yet bo formed as to tho amount of damage done, but there is every, reason for the inhabitants of the neighbourhood to congratulate themselves upon the promptness with which the fire was discovered and got under. I Cricket matches will bo played this after- noon between the first and second elevens of the East Melbourne and South Melbourno clubs ; the first elevens aro to play at South Melbourno, and the second elevens at East Melbourno. The following will represent South Melbourne :-First Eleven-Allan, Blair, Cullen, Heather, Foote, Gray, W. M'Clure, M'Gan, N. Osborne, and Wheatley. Second Eleven-Alice, Baker, C. Chcssell, J. Chesscll, Danby, Fishley, Hare, Hun- ter, M'Kiilop, A. M'Clure, and Ryder. A match will vake place between tho first elevens of the Malvern and Camberwell clubs, on the ground of the former, wickets to he pitched at half-past ono sharp. The following will represent the Malvern Cricket Club :-Rev. T. C. Cole, T. J. Miles, D. Hall, E. Charslcy, J. Liddle, J. James, A. Ilton, W, Lamb, H. Boom, R. Mackenzie J. C. Heywood ; umpire, T. G. nonry ; emergency, J. Knox, sen.; J. Knox, jua; G. Hounslow. The Carlton Imperial and M'Arthur, Sher- rard, and Copeland's Cricket Clubs will meet in the Richmond-paddock at half-past two o'clock. The Carlton team will bo chosen fiom Messrs. Jones, White, M'Adam, M'Far lane, M'Donald, Loding,' Voake, Towors, Phannahan, Blaokham, Callender, Brushor, and Lewis ; and their opponents will bo represented by Messrs. Clayton, Powell, Brady, Orara, Wright, Bastard, King, Hammond, Woods, Layton, and Smith. The Pentridge and Williamstown clubs meet at half-past two o'clock on the ground of tho latter. The team for Pentridge will ho selected from tho following ¡-Messrs. T. Champ, Constable, Carr, Duff, Doughty, E. Green, A. Hunt, A. Jones, C. Lilburne, Mahony, C. Rennie, Timmins, and E. Whitby, The Carlton club meet fourteen of Preston at Carlton ; the gome to commence at two p.m. sharp, and the following will represent the former, viz., Messrs. M'Farland, Kennedy, Kennedy, Hillsden, Hillsden, Barrass, Bishop, Jones, Goodall, James, and B. James. A match will ho played in tho Richmond-paddock between tho Fitz- roy and Union Cricket Clubs, tho Fitz- roy team to be chosen from Messrs. Hairison, Horan, Thompson, Lane, Brookes, Whiteoak, Webb, Smart, Swan, Waddington Barbour, Elliott, Ford, and Muir. Tho magistrates in the City Court, yester- day, passed what at first sight seems a very severe sentence upon a woman, for stealing a tablecloth. The offonder was Mary Freeman, a cook at the Athenrcum Club, and the deci- sion of the Bench as to her punishment ap- pears lenient when it is known that for her services there sho was paid £101 a-year, and could have no occasion for pilfering. For somo time past various articles of greator or less value have boen misled from the establish- ment ; and in order to check the growing evil, a watch was kept on the domestics. Freeman was passing out the other night with a bundle under arm, after speaking to Mr. Knight, the manager, upon some trifling matter. Ho asked what she had in her parcel, and was told it was "no- thing but a few things belonging to her;" but he mado the woman open it, and then found the tablecloth produced. Mr. Knight then asked her what she was going todo with it; and she said, "Take it home to hem." But on being shown that it was already hemmed, ¡.he said it was too large, and sho was taking it I home to take a piece off of it. The woman's answers wore so prevaricating, and her man I ner so unsatisfactory that sho was given into custody, and received the sentence of one month's imprisonment. John M'Caithy, ship's stoward, got himself into trouble a f ow days since by exhibiting a larger knowledgo than usual of military technicalities. Ho had been employed at a station about 120 milo3 up tho coun- try, and having got dnink, was attacked by delirium. In this state ho was found hy a trooper at the roadside, and taken into custody. Then he talked a good deal about his military knowledge and experience, and was evidently so well acquainted with soldier life, that the trooper was convinced he was a deserter. This impression was strength- ened when the prisoner gave his nauio ; he. causo the Gazette said one John M'Carthy was wanted for desertion. So tho man was brought down to Melbourno, and remanded from the City Court on Thursday, that in- quiry might be mado as to tho truth of his statements, with regard to his having served as ship's steward for Messrs. Bright Brothers and other firms, up to a few months sinco. Tho result of these inquiries was not favourable to prisoner, but he was yesterday dismissed, in the absence of any evidence to prove his connexion with the army. He ap- plied for help to get back, as ho said ho must travel 120 miles up country before reaching his friends ; but Mr. Sturt said the fault was his own, and ho had no power to grant help under such circumstances ; ho hoped, how over, that this would act as a caution to him not again to indulge in drink. It is a consolatory reflection that ono by one the disgraceful dens which in times past were to be found in our principal streets are being swept away, The Conti al City Hotel, in Collins-street, has of lato been a great nuisance to tho inhabitants of that street, and only a few months sinco tho occupiors *wero proceeded against f,or allowing and en- couraging prostitutes and vagabonds to assemble there for immoral purposes. Yes- terday a similar ohargo was preferred against tho present occupier, Mrs. Jane Phillips, who was convicted in the City Court, and fined £10, with two guineas costs, A prior charge of liko nature was not sustained, but a third, for selling liquor on the Sunday, was substantiated very clearly, and a fine of 40a. ordered. Tho defending attorney gave notice that his client "consi- dered herself aggrieved," as to the first penalty, and promised to produco the neces- sary sureties for prosecuting an appeal. Under any circumstances tho house cannot long continuo to bo used as an hotel, ii having been purchased by the Victorian Per manent Benefit Building Society, for conver- sion into offices. During the earlier part of last month the premises of tho Hungarian Gold- mining Company, at Jamieson, wero ontored by bur- glars, and copper plates stolen to the value ol £30. It was at tho time suspected that this was tho work of Chinamen, but up to Thurs- day last the offenders escaped justico. On that day a Celestial, called Georgo Ah Chung, was pointed out by a "friend" and country- man to Chineso Detective Fook Shing, in Littlo Bourkc-street, as the- man who had committed tho robbery. He was taken into custody, brought boforo tho City Court yes- terday, and remanded for a wcok. The incl dent is characteristic of Chinese faith and honesty. An attempt at suicide was made yesterday, by a woman giving the namo o£ Janet A. Falle, who resolutely throw herself into the Yana. She had, however, chosen a point ol tho stream at which thero was but little depth of water, and a considerable quantity ol mud. In tho latter she was seen iloundoring most pitifully by a passing waterman, whe rescued her from a situation not free from danger. She was handed over to Constable Wikon, who conveyed her to the hospital, as she appeared to bo suffering from' the shock. Another bright specimen of up-country sagacity carne under tho notice of the polico last night. Patrick Doyle, a drayman in the employ of Mr. John Latham, of Wallan Wal- lan, arrived at tho Bourkc-strcet sale-yards with a load of eighteen pigs, which were duly disposed of. Then ho went down to tho wharf and got five bags of lime on his dray, and called at a wholesale house ia Collins street for a cask of bottled ale, and another of bottled porter. With this load he went into a right-of-way off Uourke-strcet, took his horsefrom the dray, and put it into some stable for a feed, leaving the dray standing outside. Ho next went to the sale-yards and obtained a cheque for the amount his pigs had fetched-£9 18s. 4d.-which ho handed over to a man whom ho did not know, to get cashed for him. It may be fairly concluded that tho stranger got the cash, for Doyle waited a long while without seeing him, and at last gavo up tho watch. Instead of pro- ceeding at once to inform the polico, this in- telligent drayman "went about his other business," and on returning to the right-of way had the satisfaction of finding that the wholo concern- horse, dray, drink, and lime-had been taken away. This appears .to have struck him as a rather singular circumstance, but it did not appear to him necessary to say anything about it just then. And so ho went on, until about nine o'clock at night, when ho landed at the Russell-street station in such a happy state of stupefaction, that ho could not toll where, how, or when he lind lost or disposed of the property, ne was under tho influence of drink, and had evidently been more so at an earlier hour of the day. Thero is some hope that the payment of the chequo may bo stopped at the bank, as Doyle behoves it was after foui when his disinterested friend offered to cash it for him. An accident, which might have been at- tended with serious consequences, arising out of what may bo designated tho kite nui- sance, occurred yesterday in Lonsdalo-street. A young man, mounted on a spirited horse, was proceeding at a smart paco along the street mentioned. At its intersection with Queen- street a number of lads wero collected flying kites, one of which passing near tho animal, caused it to swerve suddenly, and fall, throwing its rider with great violence on to the footpath. On being raised, the man was found almost insensible, and suffering from several severe bruises in various paits of tho body. Ho was conveyed to au hotel in the vicinity, where the piopor remedios having been applied, he gradually recovered, and was enabled to return home after some time. A very distressing accident is íoported in our telegraphic columns as having happened at Sale. It appears that a man named Mur- rell was omployed to clean out a well. Foul air had accumulated in it, and as soon as ho reached it, he was choked, and falling to the bottom was drowned. Mr. Steele, who was connected with tho Port Albert and Salo line of coaches, attempted to íescuo him, but ho too succumbed to tho bad air, and was also drowned. A thiid man bravely essayed to go down, but bccomingjinsensible, was diawn up to tho surface, having had a narrow escape, as tho rope had slipped, and ho was saved only by its having become entangled about his feet. .Lindsay, the supposed author of the late murder in Riverina, has been again brought before the magistrates at Deniliquin. Tho principal witness, a man named May, better known as "Cousin Jack," has been found working at Goon, and it is probable that the preliminary inquiry will bo finished on Tuesday. A curious kind of assault grew out fof the sports at M alhalla tho other day. A minor named William Kingsman, a Cornishman, attempted to bite off the ear of Samuel Chor nouth. Tho assailant was arrested by Senior constable Irwin, on a warrant, and bailed out in four sureties of £25 each, and himself in £60. The mailman, on Wednesday lost, found the bridge over tho Four-mile Creek, on the Sale and Port Albert road, on firo. A bush file had sot the bridge in flames. Tho mail, man endeavoured to extinguish the fire, but had no means at command of obtaining water. Ho asked tho assistance of a person residing close by tho spot, who curtly re' fused, and so the mailman proceeded on Iii: way, leaving the bridge to its fate. On Sunday morning last, a youth na*nec George Dunlop, living at Cheltenham, wa: bitten hy a snake in the fleshy part of the lof thigh. Tho boy mado his way to his parents residence, and medical advico was at onci sought, as the virus was evidently absorbed, anc the patient comatoso, with frequont vomitings which continued with little intermission fo: four hours, when tho remedies ndministorec by Dr. Murray wero*successful, and tho bo; has been pronounced convalescent. It is we believo, the intention of Dr. Murray ti communicate his modo of treatment to thi public through the press. As a proof of tho progress which thi Spring Creek rush is making wo may men tion that a theatre has already boon orectoc there, in connexion with au hotol which i laigo, and furnished in a superior stylo It is stated that the population already num bei s 12,000. At an opon-air meeting on thi 4th inst,, at which 2,000 porsons wero pre sent, tho following resolution on tho subjec of water supply was agreed to:-"That owing to the gi eat scarcity of wator fo mining and domestic purposes, this meotini would strongly urgo upon tho presont Go venin ont the necessity for their taking im mediato action in making a survoy from thi Goulburn Uiver to tho Spring Crook gold field ; and that tho Government bo earnestl; requested to tako the necessary stops for con veying wnter from tho aforesaid river inti the centre of this gold-field." Sergeant Power has been ordered from Bal larat to lake chargo of tho polico at tho nov Spring Creek rush. Mr. Henry Clark, of the Border Sawmills Ballarat, mot with a severe accldont on Wed nesday. no was riding in a buggy toward Ballarat, accompanied hy a gentleman namoi Young, and when about half-way along th Melbourne-road, the king-bolt of tho vohicl broke. Mr. Clark, who was driving, kop fast hold of tho reins, and was drawn out o tho buggy along tho road for somo distanc beforo he let go his hold. IIo was very mud contused about tho faco, as well as injured o: the chest. Mr. Young remained in tho buggj and only sustained a few slight bruises. Wo leam from Ballarat that thero is still chanco of another effort being mado to rais the wrecked steamship City of Launcostoi this season. Mr. Coffoy is sanguino that th work could be dono in comparatively a fev weeks if ho had a steam-tug in placo o lighters nt his command ¡ and thoro is a pos sibility that funds will bo provided by th company to enablo him to mako the at tempt. " Thero was a little 'affair'on ono of th roads about a milo and a' half from Drysdal some few days since," says the Geelong Rcg'u ter, "that oxcited tho interest of tho foi persons who happened to bo ' about' in sue a quiet neighbourhood. A smart inoñej lender from Melbourne had seized upon th goods and chattels of a well-known résider of the district as satisfaction for cash ho ha advanced some years previously. Imaginin himself to bo perfectly secure, ho commence to reraovo from tho premises of tho unfo; túnate victim of ' interest' the sundry article of household furniture, loading two or th« drays with them, and these ho was, wit assistance, conducting alofn; tho road, ti gether with several hoad of cattle and varioi agricultural implements, when an enemy a] peared in sight, no proved to be a roba , bailiff from Geelong, who incontinently ' seized from the first scizer all he had in pos. session, for rcnt'dne by the original holder of the property. There was some flaw in the ' bill of' sale or other loophole, and tho monoy ' lender was ' sold.' His chagrin can be better , imagined than described." At Koroit Races, on New Year's Day, the Maiden Plato was won by Mr. Moran's Bee, (ho Hurdlo Race by Mr. Irvine's Topthorne, the Plato by Mr. Johnson's Miss Susan, and tho Steeplechase by Mr. G. Moran's Bccs . wing. "Last evening, about nine o'clock,"says the Geelong Advertiser of yesterday, "Mr. Fawcett, of the firm of Fawcett and Bitch, whoresidesinCorio- tcrracc.discoveredafomale infant, about four months old, lying at the gatepost. Ho gave information to the police, and Constablo Armytage found it in the same position as when first discovered, with tho ex- ception that a warm cloak had been put lound it. It had on a (launel petticoat, a white petticoat, a little scarlet jacket, and a little scarlet frock twisted round it. On the head was a whito quilted hat, with a white rosette in front, and evidently nearly new, as inside it bore on the top the price, '2s.9d.' in plain figures. The little thing appeared very good-tempered, and when found, was quietly, sucking its thumb. It has rather pretty featmes, with bluo eyes." A Mrs. Jones, of Steiglitz, was twico bilton by a snako on Thursday evening. Dr. Kerman was immediately called. Ho scarified the wound, and administered ammonia out- wardly on the cut, and inwardly with brandy. Mrs. Jones, owing it is belioved to tho treat- ment, scarcely felt any ill effects from the bites, and is now well. Mr. J. M. Main, inspector of schools, as- sisted by Mr. E. R. Lennon, teacher, yesterday examined candidates for certificates of com petcncyias teachers for tho Geelong district. There were between fifty and sixty candi- dates-the forenoon being devoted to ex- amining the candidates in arithmetic, and the afternoon in grammar und geography. The probability of bush-fires in tho noigh bouihood of Geelong, arising from the smoko, as stated in yesterday's issue, has been verified. Yesterday morning that town was covered with smoke. Belmont was invisible from tho top of Moorabool-strect. Porsons could not seo moro than a milo or two across the bay. A beautiful mirage was observed about nine o'clock, tho vessels at the wharves and tho steamer on its journey being seen in the sky. Early in the forenoon infor- mation reached town that a fire had'boen raging ono milo and a half from- Bream Creek, arising apparently among tho mess- mate in that locality, and oxtonding along the grass-troo plains to the centre of tho Woonncbcte Forest. Tho fire in the forest is believed to bo burning from Modowarro to Birregurra, Great damage has no doubt been done to many, but particulars have not yet como to hand, further thaa that an un- fortunate splitter named Finn had his stock-in-trade, consisting of firewood, on tiiely consumed. Tho smoko evidently pro- ceeded from thot quarter, a southerly breeze prevailing. In fact, but for this breeze, an- other day like Black Thursday would havo been experienced'; as it was, tho thermo- meter indicated from 90° to 100° of heat in the sh ado. George Mooro, a man of thirty, who was driving yesterday on the road near Whittle- sea, was thrown violently out upon the road, and received some rather severe injuries about tho head and face. He was conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, where he is now progressing favourably. Our files from Adelaide by tho Coorong aro to the 5th inst. We observo that it is stated by the Register that nino vessels "of good size" havo been chartered in Melbourno to load wheat at Adelaide for the English market. " Among the passengers who left Adelaido by the ship South Australian," says the South Australian Register, "was the Rov. James Chapman, a missionary sent out to China by the world-wide known George Muller, of Bristol, who hos botweenlöO and 200 labouring in different countries. Af tor spending some years in China, Mr. Chapman came to Ade- laido recently, and has loft for tho Cape, where he proposes working as a missionary to the Malays settled there." The management of the Theatre Royal have invited tho artistes and employes of thoir establishment to a picnic on tho first day of tho week (Sunday), which will have spocial refcrenco to Mr. Harwood's contemplated visit to Europe, and will afford an oppor- tunity of wishing him a safe and prosperous voyage. There will bo a day performance at the Theatre Royal at two o'clock this aftornoon, when the pantomime will bo played for the benefit of tho younger portion of tho com- munity. It will be ropeated in the ovoning with the comedietta of "Ladies at nomo.' At the Duko of Edinburgh Theatro the entertainment will consist of tho comedy oi "A Fair Pretender" and the pantomimic Tho Rev. Thomas Ness is announced te preoch in tho Bouverio-street Baptist Chapel, on Sunday afternoon, to aid tho efforts of the Baptists of Carlton. The treasurer of the Melbourno Hospital acknowledges tho receipt of £10 2s. 4d. from tho Rev. William Woods, boing tho amount of a collection at ChriHs Church, Hawthorn, and £5 from Mr. PetorCurran. Tho treasurcrsof thoPrinco Alfred Hospital acknowledge the roceipt of £25 17s. from tho Industrial Schools department, per Mr, G. O. Duncan, being a donation iu aid of the building fund of the institution. For the week onding on tho 2nd inst. the number of births in Melbourne and the suburbs was 158, and of deaths 70. Tho re ports wero all favourable, both as regard! sickness and mortality. Tho treasurer of tho Grooves' Manchcstei Unity Scholarship Fund (Mr. A. Ellis) ac knowledges receipt of a cheque for £50 123 .Jd. fiom Mr. Duncan, of Ballarat, being tin proceeds of a soiree held at tho Alfred-hall Ballarat, for tlio bonefit of the scholarshii fund. Mr. Avont, tho resident surgeon of the Lying-in Hospital and Infirmary for Dis eases peculiar to Women and Cliildton, re ports as follows for the month onding Dccom bcr 31, 1808 :-In-patients remaining Dccom bcr 31, 25 ; admitted during the month, -17 out-patients, ß!)3 ; now coses, 70. In the course of tho month of Deeombei last the estates of only fivo intestato pursont wero placed under the caro of the curator o! such estates. Nono of thom wero of iinpor tance. The largest amount involvod was £7( 10s. Od., left by John Kelly, who died al Echuca, and whoso placo of birth was un known. Tho first intorclub match for the seasor will bo played ou tho Molbourno Greon Windsor, to-day, between sixteen of tho Mol bourne and sixteen of tho West Melbourni Clubs. Tho gamo will commence at half-pas threo p.m., and continuo for two hours. A match between the Fitzroy and Prahran Club will take placo on tho Fitzroy Green, and on< will be commenced on tho Carlton Greon. Wo havo received from Messrs. Gordon am Gotch, tho Victorian Family Almanac am Lady's Companion for 18G9. In addition t< the usual information to bo found in suet publications, this almanac contains chapton on etiquette, lovo, and marriage, the fashions diess, housekeeping, and cookery, whicl 1 should render it peculiarly nccoptablo to Hu fair sex. It has hoon compiled by Mr. l'oto C. Alcock. Tho annual meeting of parishioners ant scatholdcrs of St. Andrew's Church, Brighton was held on Monday ovening, tho 4th inst. in the schoolhouse. Tho.Rov. Samuel Taylor incumbent, was in tho chair. After soim observations from tho chairman tho repor of tlio churchwardons and financial state mont for tho past year wero adopted. Messrs J, M. Smith, Charles Webb, and Colono Mair wero re-elected churchwardens for tit present year; and Messrs. T. T. A'Beckct nnd J. Jones members of tho church com mittco. Tho usual half-yearly meeting of tho Ros of Denmark Tent, No. 14,1.O.R., washold oi Thursday, the 7th inst., in tho Wesleyai schoolroom, King William- street, when th< following officers wero elected :-P.CR, i Brother Eddington ; CR,, Brother A. Hart D.B., Brother 'Moulder ; treasurer, Brother W. Pierce ; secretary. Brother J. W. Clapham. During the evening C.R. Brother A. Hart, on behalf of tho tent, presented tho secretary, J.' W. Clapham, with a past officer's sash, aso mark of respect, ana in recognition of his valuable services during his term of office, a period of threo years. At the weekly meeting of tho executive com mitteo of thö Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, the superintendent mado the' following return ¡-Number of inmates in tho home, as reported last week, 287 ; admitted since, 81 ; persons who havo roccived out- door relief, 537, or 133 families ; total re- lieved, 805. Discharged from tho home during the week, 72. Total at present re- maining, 206. Number of women hair teasing, 30 ; in tho laundry, 5 ; sowing, 4 ; working outside, 3. Number of men stone breaking, 17; oakum- picking, 28; working outside, 7. Tho annual meeting of tho seatholdors of St. Thomas's Church, Essondon, was hold on. Thursday evening last at the schoolhouse. Moonee Ponds, tho llov. Edward Pucklc, in- cumbent, in tho chair. Mr. Grantham, one of tho retiring churchwardens, read tho minimi report, which stated that the rovonuo for thejeur lind been £287, and the expendi- ture £302 ; but that thero woro available assets to meet tho deficiency. Messrs. Atkin- son and Mackenzie, who had been appointed to audit tho accounts, hiving certified to their correctness, tho roport and balance sheet were adopted on the proposition of Mr: Dyer, M.A., seconded by Mr. J. A. Macpher- son, M.L.A., and carried unanimously, as was nlso an expression of Togard and estoom for tho incumbent. On the motion of Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L.A., Messrs. Mooro, Gran- tham, and Crawford woro appointed church- wardens for 1809. The incumbent hav- ing vacated tho chair, Mr. J. T. Smith was called upon to presido, and tho moot- ing proceeded to consider tho financial prospects of tho parish, tho Governmoilt grant in aid. formerly received, having boon entirely withdrawn. Mr. James Mooro, tho senior churchwarden, in an oxhaustivo and able speech, brought forward tho proprioty of increasing tho pew-rents to 25s. per annum, as a means of supplementing the íevenuo, to take effect in July next, if it then appearod absolutely necessary. A long and weary discussion ensued, but it was ultimately aeroed that good lind been done by the ven- tilation of the subject, and that no do finito action need for tho present bo takon, it being hoped that the improving prospects of tho district, and increased exertion on tho part of tho congregation, would rondor further con- sideration of ways and means unnecessary. 