YORK. Fron our own Gowttpundtnt. Since writing my last, bush-fires have been raging in every direction at a most terrific rate, and a dreadful calamity has befallen Mr. S. G. Meares, of Beverley, in the destruction of the whole of his premises, including dwelling-house, furniture, dom ing, *ut -houses, hay, farming implements, and the greater portion of his grain. The total loss is esti mated at various amounts, but the exact value cf the destruction 1 ' cannot positively ascertain; there is little doubt, however, but some £609 or £700 worth of property has been totally consumed. The exact origin of tbe fire is a mystery, but it appears that late on the Saturday evening, previous to the lamentable story, a fire broke out somewhere near Mr. Hicks* farm, and reached the vicinity of Mr. Meares' residence early on the Sunday morning, 14tbinst Efforts were made to stay its progress, but the grass being very rank, and the wiud high, all resistance was futile; and in a Ehort lapse of time the destroying element had reached a bush fence, which immediately took fire, and Mr. Meares says that before the main body of the fire had reached nearer than fifty yards of the dwelling house, the roof was in names from fragments otnre carried on to it by the wind. I have since heard that Mr. John Fleay narowly escaped sharing a similar fate with Mr. Meares; in fact, at one time flames were within a few feet of the verandah, but fortunately did no further damage. A rumour is also afloat that Mr. J. Wbitingion, a small fanner on tbe Dale, was completely burnt oat oa the Fri day prior to the above sad catastrophe; bat for the veracity of thb report I am not prepared to answer. I do hope it may turn out a felse alarm, for des truction and loss of property, no matter who the loser may be, are at all times deplorable; but when the loss is sustained by persons, who, alter years of toil and anxiety, have just managed to get a little around them, and who (as in this instance) can ill spare that little, it is absolutely heart- rending to contemplate. Subscription lists are going die round, and it is to be hoped none will withhold their mite, for who can tell, how near troubles and losses may be to each ones door; but I fear meny who may be found anxious to assist are scarcely in a position to do so j consequently the sum likely to be raised must fall far short of tbe loss sustained by , those whom it is intended to relieve. Surely this sad tale, if properly represented, would draw forth something handsome from (he Government. Mr. George Monger returned from an exploring trip to the north east of lork on Friday last, having been about five weeks away. He represents the coun Clarkson's station, as being on the whole anything but promising ; in some places the feed was plentiful, but water out of the question ; in others this essen tial was pretty abundant, but the country in which it was to be fonnd was totally bare of grass. No natives were seen during the journey, but tracks and other indications gave evident signs of their recent presence in the neigbburhood of the route pursued by the party; bush-fires were raging on every side, and the whole country through which they journeyed was on their return, either bunt nn or burning. A dog which accompanied the party was poisoned by eating a pigeon; and Mr. W. Whit field was so ill after eating one of the same birds that for some days little hopes of his reovery were entertained, but fortunately he got through the sickness, and is now quite convalescent. I will en deavour next week to forward you, if procurable, a copy of Mr. Monger's journal. 23rd Feb, 1869. 