oatcaI ntelldh ence. SUICIDE OF AN OFIrciR.-Yesterday after noon, Mr W. J. Payne held an inquest at the Coal Hole Tavern, Strand, respecting the death of Major John Henry Sale, aged 44, who shot himself at his lodgings, 22, Cecil- street, Strand, on Wednesday morning. Mr. John A. Buckner, a naval officer, said the deceased was his brother-in-law, and was a major in the army and assistant commissary general. He had seen service in the Crimea, in China, and in Africa. On Tuesday last deceased came up from Chatham with his wife, ond took lodgings at 22, Cecil-street. He was about to retire on half pay, and was deeply in debt. Mr. Pon sonby Arthur Moore deposed to having known the deceosed for ten years. On Tuesday night the MIajor and his wife called at his (witness's) house. The deceused, who was in a very de pressed state, told him thathe was in debt, and that, owing to the War Office having postponed gazetting his retirement until February, he was disappointed of receiving a bonus, consisting of a sum of money to which he was entitled, and with which he had hoped to satisfy his creditors. Mr. G. J. Lawrence said that he lodged at 22, Cecil-street. On Wednesday morning the land lady implored him to go upstairs, as there was something the matter. Witness found the deceased lying on a bed quite dead; a five barrelled revolver was lying by his side. The unfortunate wife of the deceased had found him dead, and was standing "perfectly rigid," look ing at the body. She once exclaimed, "Oh, my poor children ; he has not considered them !" Mr. Moore said that.Mrs..Sale told him that at two o'clock a. m. on Wednesday norning Major Sale went out to post two letters. Upon his re turn home he went tobed, and at nine o'clock he asked his wrife to go out and buy him some collars; and while she was gone he destioyed himself. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased shot himself while in a state of tempo rary insanity. The coroner ordered thie re volver to be sold, and thie proceeds to be sent to the Bow-street poor-box. IN announcing the sailing of the Sea Ripple for Melbourne, we have to express our deep re gret at the departure of so many of the indus trial class of well to do citizens, carrying away with them means that if expended in the colony would prove useful to the one land remunera tive to the other. It is useless to conceal the reason-it arises from a feeling that there is no prospect of going-a-head here, that the colony is fast drifting towards its final destruction, that there is no capital, or that capitalists. have no confidence in the future of the colony-that its Government is handed over to some tnfid rate Colonial Administrator, who lays himself out to save, and leaves, things to go on as they have done. While the exodus of valuable members of our community is to be. deplored, numerically their place is supplied by the introduction of a miserable, useless and unfortunate class of fe male immigrants, theworkhouse filled with them, and the colonial funds .permanently charged with the expence of supporting the conse quences of their unhappy frailties. In all re spects unfitted for the requirements of the settler's; their future is indeed pitiable, they cannot remain in the workhouse beyond a certain ~time, and no one will engage them, what is to become of them? We know of several cases, where really useful and respectable immi grrtats - ia one instance a mother and her two daughlters asbout ?t join two marrieTd sisters in Melbourne, were misled to embark for Swan River, and not informed of their mis conception until the vessel had sailed. In one case deception has been played on the colony, in another olj three unsuspecting immigrants. The parties alluded to sailed for Melbourne last I month, having to.pay £27 for their passages. Both cases demand the serious attention of the Colonial Government-they are of frequent oc currence. Wz have to raise the attention of the Central Committee for carrying out the People's Memo rial in favor of a Representative Government. We do so in consequenceof the rumors afloat, that it will at the. last moment be placed in the hands of a member ..nominally pledged to sup port it, but really Luke warm. We have ni confidence in Mr. Shenton, " noscitur a socils. ;show me a man's companions and I will tell you what he is." We find him closely associated with its bitterest enemies, muzzled, manacled and hobbled, he is not a free agent. T'o J. L. Steere Esq., we look as the proper person to present it, we therefore call upon the friends of pro gress to press forward the only means by which i_ can be advanced. Meet! Meet I Meet I l Agitate I Agitate !! .Agitate ! 11 and give Governor Pine clearly to understand that we expect from him the same enthrs asm in favor of popular institutions as fromt the ener getic Governor of our fortunate neighbor and sister colory WE would call the attention of the authorities to the dangerous condition of the Fremantle Bridge, it has already sunk several inches in the centre, should we have such floods as in the winter of 1864 it will most assuredly be swept away; nor can we express any confidence in the intended piling the new sea wall at the north entrance of the bar-far better to cease the pre sent mischevious operations until some decision is come to relative to Harbor improvements. -o WE observe with great satisfaction that the Sydney Legislature has, following the example of South Australia, abolished the stamping of newspapers-it is a most impolitic tar; we would not object taking 'chances for payment from many who would wish to subscribe, if we were only free from thle expense of the penny stamp. It will be. a disgrace to this colony if we are the only one, that persist in its imposi tion. WE are rejoiced to hear that Mr. W. Bateman is so far recovered as to get about, but we fear that he will not be equal to the heavy duties before him at the meeting of the next Legisla tive Council, when questions vitally interesting to the Port will demand a constant and earnest attend:ance, - requiring far more personal strength than we can hope for from the long illness of the Honorable Member. Surely it is a question which his friends should bring to his attention, whether it would not be as much for his own comfort as the interest of the Elee tors, that he should place the membership at the disposal of the incoming Governor. -o ON Friday the 12th uInst., the children and teachers of the Congregational Sunday School held their annual festival. Early in the morn ing they proceeded to the shady paddock belong ing to Mrs. Thomas Brown, on the southern bank of the river, the use of which had been kindly permitted by the lessee Mr. Harwood, and thcre spent a pleasant day, engaged in those pastimes in which juveniles take so much de light. At noon the first repast was served con sisting of sand.viches, and fruit, and at 4 pm. the children to the number of 200 again seated themselves in rows under the shade of a large tree, and were regaled with Seed, Plum cake and fruit. The teachers, the friends of the children and other neighbors united in partaking of the plentiful repast, and by their active interest in the recreations of the day, seemed to enjoy themselves as much as the juveniles. The day was cool and delightful and all as they went home at sundown agreed that the re-union had been a very pleasant one.I -o0--- IT is with sincere regret we hare to notice the total destruction of Mr. Hi. Hall's house and premises at Mandurrah, by a bushfire, as also that of Mr, Peel and the Church; bushfires had been raging in the vicinity for some days. It is supposed that the high wind prevailing carried a piece of paper-bark to the thatched roof of the Church. Mr. Peel managed to secure some por tion of his property-it was while engaged in trying to rescue the Harmonium of the Church from the flames, that the fira reached his own house. Mr. H. Halls is we fear a total loss. 