VICTORIA PLAINS. (From our oivn Correspondent.) We bave had very hot weather these two last weeks, particularly on last Sunday and Monday, when the thermoinet er rose to 110 deg. in the shade, owing not only to natural heat but also to the many and large bush-fires on every side. Vast tracts of land including much feeding country have been burned, but to homesteads no damage has occurred as yet. Wheat-thresimig ia at an end and the bushel tells that crops are very much under our expec- tations, and as tar as I am concerned the ave- rage is trom li to 13 bushels to the acre, if the bushel tells badly, the Mill tells woi'se : I weighed sixty-two bushels of wheat as it was brought to the Mill and the average was only 561bs. per bushel, although the owner assured me that rust was not to be found in his field. Mr. K Brown's hoi'ses passed here the other day on their way to Perth to be trained foi' the coming Races, and 1 am sorry to say that one of them which was tied to a rail while another was drinking, got frightened, and in pulling broke the rail and got away with the half ot it ; when he was recovered it was found he had given himself some heavy blows about the legs, and I don't think he will be able to run this year. On the 29th ult. I met Mr. J. Clinch's horses Berkshire and another ; on enquiring from the gi'oom if he was going to train theui for the i'erth races, he told me that, as the Duke of Edinburgh was expected, the Government had requested Mr. Clinch to send down his best two horses, in case His Kuyal Highness would like to take a ride or go kangaroo- hunting, so our small district had the honor of providing sad- dle horses, but I do not think he mounted them as his visit has been so short ; we have been dis- appointed, thinking that the gallant Eoyal sailor would have honored our colony with at least a fortnight's visit ; and were just getting ready to go down and cheer him, but no sooner had we heard he was in Fremantle roads, than we were told that he was gone. If his hurry was caused by duty we have no reason to com- plain, but if caused by timid advisers such ought to be cried out at. Well, he is gone, God bless him and we are just as we were. .February 2Uth, 1SG9. 