CITY COUNCIL. WEEKLY MEETING.—MONDAY, JAN. 18. Present :-The mayor, in the chair ; Alder- men Cohen, Wragge, and J. T. Smith ; and Councillors Amess, Bayles, Butters, Fenwick, Harbison, M'Bean, M'Pherson, O'Grady, Old- field, Reed, Sanders, A. K. Smith, Walker, and Williams. THE MARKET CLOSETS. A discussion took place on this subject in connexion with two motions of which notice had been given by Alderman Cohen and Councillor A. K. Smith. It was ultimately agreed, on the motion of the former, that a portion of the buildings an the western side of the Eastern Market be fitted up as disin- fecting closets and urinals, the cesspool of the present privies to be filled up, and the build- ing cleansed. EASTERN MARKET BUILDINGS. Councillor OLDFIELD moved that com- petitive plans be invited, with working speci- fications complete, for the buildings of the Eastern Market ; and that a premium of £250 be paid for the plans and specifications which the council shall decide to be the best, and of £100 for the next in order of merit. Councillor FENWICK seconded the motion pro forma, and it was put and lost, Alderman Cohen pointing out that the corporation had not yet authorised, the erection of the build- ings referred to. STREET VERANDAHS. Councillor M'PHERSON moved—"That to facilitate the erection of street verandahs by citizens, owners, or occupiers of premises, it is expedient to invite tenderers to name prices at which they would be willing to erect verandahs of iron or of wood, according to the designs approved by the corporation, during a period of twelve months ; that the town clerk be instructed to invite such ten- ders ; that upon acceptance of one such tender the town clerk be further instructed to give notice by advertisement that upon the cost being paid in advance verandahs will be erected under the supervision of the city surveyor." After some discussion the subject was re- ferred to the Public Works Committee. DRAINAGE OF THE CITY. In the absence of Councillor Anderson, Councillor FENWICK moved—"That the Sewerage Committee be instructed to inquire and report to this council as to the most de- sirable means of sewering or draining the city and of disposing of the nightsoil and other refuse, and that the committee be authorised to invite the attendance of professional men and others who may he prepared to give evi- dence or information upon the subject." Councillor M'BEAN seconded the motion. Councillor BAYLES suggested that the matter should be postponed, and that Mr. Verdon, the agent-general, should be communicated with as to the latest information on the sub- ject at home. Councillor A. K. Smith believed that all the information necessary could be obtained from such publications as the British Work- man. Councillor M'PHERSON said the Health Committee was now dealing with the matter, and that they would present a report in four or five weeks. The motion was agreed to. PAYMENTS. The following payments were ordered to be made :—On the recommendation of the Pub- lic Works Committee, £835 4s. 6d. ; Market Committee, £150 13s. ; Finance Committee, £1,168 19s. 5d.; Health Committee, £107 15s. ; and Hackney Carriage Committee, £29 5s. 3d. OVERSEERS OF WORKS. The Public Works Committee reported that, having given due consideration to the com- munications received from the overseers re- ferred to in the report No. 48, the committee repeated the recommendation of that report, namely :-" That the services of the overseers appointed on 7th September last be dispensed with, upon fourteen days' notice ; and that the town clerk be instructed to invite applica- tions from persons competent to perform the duties, and who will submit to examination as to such competency by the city surveyor." Alderman SMITH moved the adoption of the report. . Alderman WRAGGE said the overseers had not had an opportunity of hearing the complaints made against them, and they had therefore not been able to rebut them. He moved as an amendment that the matter be referred back to the committee. The MAYOR also believed that the overseers had not had a fair opportunity of defend- ing themselves. Councillor BUTTERS was of opinion that the further the matter was probed, the worse it would be for the overseers. If they were not incompetent they had been guilty of neglect, which was worse. Alderman SMITH read some extracts from the surveyor's report, from which it appeared he considered that neither of the overseers understood their duties. After some further discussion the report was adopted on a division by ten votes to seven. REVENUE INSPECTOR. A proposal of the Finance Committee to appoint the inspector of lamps and lodging houses revenue inspector in respect to the income derivable under the provisions of the Wines, Beer, and Spirits Sale Statute, was adopted on the motion of Councillor Butters. COLLECTION OF REVENUE UNDER THE DOG ACT. Councillor BUTTERS moved the adoption of a report of the Finance Committee, recom- mending that the duty of collecting revenue under the Dog Act be placed upon the rate collectors, each in his particular ward, and that ten per cent, upon the amount collected be paid to them as compensation for the labour. Councillor FENWICK seconded the motion. An amendment, moved by Alderman WRAGGE, that the matter be referred back to the committee, was carried by the casting vote of the mayor. A proposal to offer a reward of 1s. for each unregistered dog found within the city, and delivered at the pound, was also referred back to the committee. TENDERS. The town clerk was instructed to invite tenders for the construction of a drain, lead- ing from Coromandel-place, with a view to the suppression of a dangerous nuisance ex- isting in that lane, at an estimated cost of £67 10s ; for repairing the St. Kilda-road toll- house, at an estimated cost of £66, to be charged against, the road toll fund ; and for supplying uniforms for the corporation in- spectors, overseers, hall porter, and mes- sengers. The tender of Messrs. Mason and Firth, to execute the printing required by the corporation during the current year, was ac- cepted. CITY ASSESSMENT. Councillor BUTTERS moved—" That an as- sessment be made of lands within the city, in accordance with the provisions of the 42nd section of the act of the Parliament of Victoria, No. 178, for the purpose of making thereupon such town rates and lighting rates as to the council shall seem necessary ; and (with a view of facilitating such assessment) that a return be procured of all buildings and tenements within the city, which have been erected or altered subsequently to the adop- tion of the valuation now in force." Councillor M'PHERSON seconded the mo- tion, which was agreed to. THE IMMIGRATION HOSPITAL. Councillor M'PHERSON moved—" That the town clerk be instructed to write to the hon. the Chief Secretary, expressing the hope of the council that the houses in Bourke-street west, now in use as an immigration hospital, may not be again used for the same purpose, and that, when re-establishing such an hos- pital, a site may be chosen for it at such a distance from other habitations, as that fears shall not be created in the locality." The motion, was seconded by Alderman COHEN, and carried. NOXIOUS BUSINESSES. A report of the Health Committee, recom- mending that, the inspector of nuisances be instructed to take the necessary legal pro- ceedings against the proprietors or occupiers of the undermentioned premises for carrying on noxious businesses, namely :—Premises situated off Latrobe-street ; and premises situated in Spencer-street, used as drying places and stores far earth removed from earth-closets, was adopted. DRAINAGE OF RAILWAY LAND. Councillor M'PHERSON moved the adoption of a recommendation of the report of the Health Committee, that the town clerk be instructed to communicate with the hon. the Commissioner of Railways, requesting that the railway land on the eastward of the Vic- torian Railway, parallel with Adderley-street, may be drained. Councillor FENWICK seconded the motion, which was carried. The remaining business having been post- poned, the council adjourned. The battery and plant of the Victoria Com- pany, Crooked River, together with the huts, buildings of all kinds, tramway, &c.;, were destroyed last week by a bush fire. The plant was worth several thousands of pounds. The heat was so excessive as to melt the soft joints of the engine, which was much damaged. 