SUMMARY. Once more we have to pass the compliments of the (season to our numerous readers. Our day of publication is most opportune, and enables us ibis year to bestow our good wishes upon the very day itself to which they are coincident. Hannilv the heaviest throes of the election con tests aTe over, and though some dull feverish political throbbings still remain in outside con stituencies, they are too far removed from the great centre of ihe State machinery to interfere much with the general !gt-od feeling that should prevail at the Anniversary of our great Christian festival. ' On earth peace, goodwill towards men ' was declared from on High ; and we in our . small way endeavour to carry out the celestial declaration by making the Christmas season as much one of peace and goodwill as it is poesible for erring man to do. To this end has been established the good old English cuBtom of assembling in family . con clave to share the good cheer of Christmas ; thus smoothing down pater nal discontent, filial offences, fraternal misunderstandings, and family disagreeables in general. All are sunk in the great season of peace and- goodwill, and afresh start is made for the future'. . . In the' colonies, we are not so much in the family reunion line as they are in the old country. Our families are younger and have fewer ramifications to be gathered up together at the Christmas board. Neither is the Christ mas season in Australia so well suited for the collection of large numbers, of persons within the four walls of a chamber, ho matter how capacious it may be. It is all very well in Britain with the thermometer somewhere about zero, with the frost fretting the window-panes ynrith the most delicate mosaic tracery, and with the snow lying ankle-deep on the garden paths, and cpvering every object above the surface ?with a uniform coating of white. We can un derstand the Yule-log, and the warmed and lighted chamber, and the drawing round the fire until the feet rest on the fender, and the cheeks glow with the heat and the reflected fire light. They are all very jolly, and noHe would creep closer to the chimney-nook under such circumstances than the old Australian. But they are all out of place here ; with the thermometer at some extraordinary height, perchance with a hot wind blowing, finding you out even in the innermost recess of your dwelling, with a . Scorching, blazing sun that blisters the necks of picnicers, and skins the noses of yachts men — with all these, the thought ' of a Yule-log is of itself irritative and sodoriflc, and all the tales of English Christmas firesides are tantalising or annoying according to the nature of the individual reading them — tan- talising to the one who thinks of the delicious cold of frost and snow, - in 'the midst of a furnace-heat, for no one has yet learnt 1 — — ' to hold a fire in his hand By thinking of the -frosty Caucasus.' - —annoying to hlin whp,se mind dwells only on the roaring fire and the heated ? chamber, and the swarming children and the romping games, and is almost suffocated by the mere narration of them. But though we 'keep our Christmas ' with a difference,' though we take more to the open air. than. .to the festive chamber, and though we ice our wines instead of putting the decanter to warm Wore the fire, our Christmas is not -wanting in the same warm-heartedness that fcharactetises the festive season in our fatherland. Some of ub have brought' a warm remembrance 'of the dear old time to this our new home ; some of us have heard from our fathers, or our fathers' fathers, of all the truly Christian associations that cluster round an English Christmas, and we all, immigrant as well as Australian-born, endeavour in our far-off way to' imitate as closely as possible that ? which,' in all its better , points, we would fain ? excel, ? Moments of temporary excitement m&y; arise, when, for the time, political dissensions may divide our small community; but ! these ! 'are but the (shifting winds that herald the setting in of the steady trade's. No matter what may have gone before, we collectively as a Stat#, or individually as a family, are too British- -to allow anything to interfere' with this gre&t; season of reconcilia tion, and, in the true spirit of ? our forefathers, we echo the celestial chpnt — ''On earth peace, goodwill towards men.' - Of the English news received by the Geelong, perhaps the item of the most importance to this colony is the opening of the Suez canal. This gigantic undertaking which connects two large seas, and through them two grpat oceans, well demanded the attendance of royalty to wit ness its successful consummation, Most of the royal families of Europe were represented, some by members of the families, others by the most distinguished men in their realm; Since then, the French mail steamers of the Messageries Im perials have passed through the canal, although the P. and O. Company have not yet decided upon adopting this route. The great Conservative leader, Lord Derby, is dead ; but there is another name in the obituary that will be read with more emotion than that, of the noble, earl — that of the great philanthropist, George Peabidy — the man who set the example of doing his deeds of wholesale charity during life instead of leaving them to be per formed by others after his death. The Queen and Royal Family are in good health. Her Majesty opened the New Blackfriars Bridge, though at her request the ceremony wsb performed with as little attendant formalitj' as possible. The Prince and Pbixcess of Wales have been making themselves popular in the country. The state of the health of the' Emperor Napoleon, together with the severe illness of King : Vicxon Emmanuel, excited great uneasiness on the Paris .Bourse ; especially as Lfdmj Rollin and Rabpaxl were in Paris urging on the ultra republican Press and threatening revolution. So much was this anticipated that. fifty thousand persons left Paris to get out of danger, whilst one hundred and twenty thousand troops were massed in and about Paris. Owing to the conciliatory steps taken by the Emperor the danger passed away for the time, to arise again probably when sickness shall again place the Emperor temporarily fiors de combat. Things have not yet altogether settled down in Ireland; we have Fenian threats on the one side, and the murder of two landlords on the other. Throughout the whole the Govern-: ment have acted firmly, but at the -same time with much praiseworthy moderation, where moderation could not be mistaken foil weakness. The British Government have also definitely decided not to have any hand in interfering in the New Zealand war, and the colony is thus left entirely to its own resources to put down the rebeUion. This decision has been very severely criticised by colonists resi dent in England, though the British Press generally support the view taken ' by the Ministry. Our country friends will be glad to learn that wool has advanced a halfpenny ; for, though the rise may be small, it holds out some hope for the future. Tile elections are, far the moBt part-, over ; only a few outside electorates now remain to be contested. Mr. W. Forsteb, Secretary for Lands, has been defeated at St. Leonards. His name has been proposed in two other con stituencies, and it is to be hoped he will be. elected for onff of them. Up to the present time about one-third of the members returned to the new Parliament are men new te public life, whilst parlies are pretty evenly balanced. Mr. Salomons, one of the Ministerial bunch defeated for East Sydney, has been made Solicitor- General, and, it is said, has been already invited to again stand for East Sydney, when Mr. Paekes shall have resigned his seat for that constituency.' These was anything but a model nomination meeting at Winds or on Tuesday last. Many of the gentlemen present used uncom plimentary epithets towards each other, and indulged in remarks much more energetic than, elegant. The constituency is a small one, where everybody knows everybody else, and as a consequence, when any subject of dissension arises within it, the people go into it with all the more bitterness because of their previous acquaintance and familiarity. As family quarrels are always the most bitter, and civil wars the most bloody and barbarous, so are these conflicts in small localities the most envenomed. In East Sydney, with 8000 electors, a nomination takes place accompanied .only by a little good humoured chaff ; .whilst in Windsor, with 800 electors, the ceremony cannot' -be performed without the use of language unfit for decent society. _ ? ? The Bench of Magistrates sitting in the Water Police Court have dealt with the election rioters at Balmain, and have inflicted upon one, who was evidently the ringleader in the dis turbance, not only a money penalty, but a punishment of two months' imprisonment.; The other parties implicated have alsobeen punished in various degrees, and in such a manner as to make it a punishment. Unlike the Bench at the Central Police Court, who dealt with a brutal outrage upon a woman, who being alone in the house was deliberately attacked and ill used by a band of ruffians, the Water Police Magistrate did not court the cheers of an admiring crowd by inflicting a nominal fine of 40s., which was instantly paid, but fixed it at an amount which, even though raised and paid : by contributicin of admiring subscribers, must have caused them1 very considerably to have elongated their countenances. The rainy weather of Wednesday last marred much of The pleasure that would' have been enjoyed by those who joined in the grand pic nic party got up in honour of the officers of the Flying Squadron. But in spite of the threatening clouds and falling rain drops, a very large party did actually assemble at Clontarf to do honour to our visitors; and, what is more, the large -majority of the : excursionists were ladies. All the pleasures of. a picnic — the sports, the ramble#, the other means of enjoyT ment — were ruthlessly knocked on the head by the falling moisture atid the wet grass.' ^Luckily the large attendance of ladies gave ample scope for conversation, and' ' a capital, luncheon, pro vided by one of our best Sydney caterers, kept all in good! humour, and made things pass over pleasantly; Anxious as we are to stand well with visitors of every degree to our shores, the' picnic of Wednesday has. perhaps done us more good with the officers of the Flying Squadron than if the weather had been of the most approved kind. It has shewn the guests of the day that, even under the most depressing circumstances, we were determined to do them honour, and that, like Mark Tapley, we can. he jelly under difficulties. The last of the Halligan murderers has suffered the extreme penalty of the law at Rockhampton. Archibald, the innkeeper, who invited the victim to visit him on his return from his gold-buying expedition, and who gave that invitation in order to lure the unhappy man to his death, was hanged on Wednesday last. It is satisfactory to learn that the culprit was penitent at the last, acknowledging the heinousness of his crime, and the justice of his sentence, and looking up for mercy to the Great Fountain whence it flows unceasingly. New Omnihub Stands.— On 1st January next, several important alterations are to bo made in the etindaof tlio omnibuses plying to and from the oity. , Visit to. hie University. — On Tuorlay, the Countess of Bel more and Colonel S. W. JBUckall, the Governor of Queensland, ipaid a visit to -the Sydney University. His Excellency was aooomptnied by Mr. Arthur Henry, Private Secretary to the Earl of Belmoro, The distinguished visitors were received by the Chancellor (Han. Edward Haas Thomson, G.B.), Professor M. B. Pell, end Mr. H. Kennedy, the Registrar. Her Ladyship and Ihe Governor of .Queensland visited the great hall, the library, (he Nioholsonian Museum, the Geologioal Museum, aad (he laboratory before they left. Her ladyehip, hit Excellency, and Mr. Henry were evidently pleased with the Nicholeoiiian Mneeum,.for they epent. some considerable lime in examining (he various objeots there exhibited— especially the Greek end Roman coins, and the large and valuable collection of Egyptian antiquities. Visit of His Excellency tiie Earl of Belmore to H. M: 8. Liverpool. — His Excellency the Earl of Belmore and suite paid a visit, on Thursday afternoon, on board Admiral Hornby's ship Liverpool. His Expellenoy was accompanied byMajorBlacka11,uover&ob6f; Queensland, and the Countess of Belmore. A numerous company had been invited (o meet their Excellencies, including the Ministry! who were conveyed: on board in the ehip'e boats, taken in tow by the steam launch. Their Exoellenofes were re ceived by a guard of honour on the quarter-deok and the usual salvo of artillery, the whole of the men-of-war also manning yards simultaneously. The Earl of Belmore and suite went on hoard at 2 o'clock, and remained to lunoh ; the fine band of the frigate playing at intervals. The Vice regal party left at 6 o'cleoK, the ehipB again manning yards. ' To add to the gaielr of the scene, a large party of ladies and gentlemen became the guests of the officers on board H.M. ships Endymion and Bsrossa, the bands of the vessels plsyinu a selection of dance musio. It was truly a most enjoyable afternoon. There was sufficient wind to keep the air cool, and (he exoitement of the Naval Boat Hace and Yaoht Match contributed still more to the festivities. A considerable conoourae of persons assem bled at Point Macquarie and Fort Macquarie ; while numbers of boats, freighted with pleasure- seekers, rowing round the several vessels, gave to the bay a most . animated appearance. Obdination Service xn St. Andrew's Cathedral. —An ordination service was held on Sunday morning last, by the Lord Bishop of Sydney. From the fact of prayers having been read at an earlier hour than usual, the service was oommenoed at 11 o'clook with the singing uf a hymn, and a sermon preaohed by the Bishop of Sydney, who took his text from the 8th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles and the 5lh verse : ' Then Philip went down to the oity of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them.' The following were then proBentel by the Dean of Sydney to the Bishop for ordinatioD :— Messrs. Hugh Barker, William Hough, Joseph Dark, William Kildahl, W. Bertie Boy oe, J. Herbert Mullens, and George Midileton. The Bishop was assisted in the laying on of hhnds by the Dean, Canon Aliwood, and the liev. C. H. Rioh. The offertory on' the occasion was devoted to the endowment fund of the bishopric of Balhurst. Return of Aitcuuisuor Folding.— The majority df our readers will doubtless be somewhat surprised to learn that the Most Rev. John Bode Folding, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Sydney, it one of the passengers by lhe_ Royal Moil steamer Geelong, whioh is expeoted to arrive here thie evening. His Grace is accompanied by his private chaplain, the lie v. Padre Collctti. It is understood that ihe Archbishop, on bis way to the General Council at Rome, was taken so seriously ill at Aden, on (ho south- wast coast of Arubia, that it was felt to he desirable that this venerable prelate should at once return to Australia. He has accordingly come back to his people by. the very first .opportunity. The Glede and Balmain Electorate.— Exception has been taken by the friends of Mr. G. W. Allen to the . expression in the Mail of last week, that his election had been secured by a piece of somewhat sharp practice on the part of the Relurning-officer. No doubt Mr. Allen's election was certain, whoever might have been proposed at the last moment ; and the opinion expressed was not intended to reflect either upon him or hie friends. The Floating Breakwater. — At the invitation of the Secretary for Publio Works (Mr. J. Sutherland), Rear Admiral Hornby, Commodore Lambert, the Hon.. Alexander Campbell, Mr. G. A. Lloyd (member for Newcastle), and \- Mr. James Campbell (member for Morpeth) met at Mr. J. Evelyn hoarders office, on Tuesday, the 21st instant, for the purpose of inspecting diagrams and models of his float ' ing breakwater and epring for chain cables. The inspection lasted fully an honr and a half. Admiral Hornby and Com modore Lambert conveyed how perfectly they understood the construction and use of the raft and spring. Admiral Hornby gave it as his opinion that the spring was unneces sary for service on the raft— all that was neceesary was strength and a proper length of chain cable ; and that the raft was decidedly good for the purpose de signed. Commodore Lambert suggested an alteration in the position of the moorings over the fore part of the raft, so sb to give more buoyancy te it ; and also pointed out 'the more immediate service of the spring for mooring, such as that of vessels alongside of wharfs, &c.; Admiral Hornby pointed out that rafts on the coast of England had (ailed, that they had broken up by the force of the sea, and been torn from their, moorings in a very short time Mr, Lierdet observed that his raft was now afloat and in good oi der ; it had been moored and borne the heavy ocean teas, off the Inner reef, near Nobby's, at New castle, for over two months, during veiy severe weather, and had therefore proved its utility beyond donbt. Any future rafts would be built in a stronger manner, and float for raspy years ; .and as (he .spring was unnecessary, the rafts would be less expensive, and consequently well within the ecope of the Government, to render all dangerous bar harbours, with sufficient water for i'jir (o enter, reasonably safe in all weathers, as the description of rafts wmcn ap pear to have been tried on the coast of England have tailed, The.next inspection was that of an apparatus for deepening the channel through bar harbours and rivers, the model of which is the property and device of Mr. F. J, Stokes, of Newcastle. A similar contrivance appears to have been very successfully worked by the Admiralty in the Thames, near 'Woolwich. The diagrams are an improvement by Mrl'Xiardet, in which be expressed much confidence. The suggestion, es applicable to our bar harbours and rivers, is decidedly one deserving of notice, and Interesting to marine engineers.: Civil Service Superannuation Fund.— The Hon. the Colonial Treasurer has given notice that claimants upon this fund will receive a pro rata distribution of the available balance at its credit, and that payment in accordance with the plan of esme will be made . at his office upon application. A Good Example. —It is stated in a Melbourne journal that a free reading-room for seamen frequenting the port is about to be established by the action of ihe Committee of the Victorian Seamen's Mission. It is intended to fit up the Bethel for the purpose referred to, keeping it open every evening during the week from 7 to half-past 9, A number of papers, illustrated journals, &o.;,;have already been promised for the tablB. and we hare no doubt that many more contributions will be receiyed from' those who deeire to provide intellectual recreation, fpr Jack ashore. St. Barnabas Sunday School.— On -Thursday evening, the children attending St. Barnabas School were assembled in the church, for. the purpose of being presented with a book each as a memento of their connection with the school. The.books.to the number of 1245, wcre bongbtby the Rev. Thomas Smith, who is at present in England, and who sent, at theeame time', j800 volumes as an addition to the library. The whole is said to have cost £105. Those books intended for distribution, and which have ' been ex amined, are very neatly bound, and many.'of them! appear to be of considerable value. .-The proceedings commenced with a hymn1 sung by the children, and with prayer by the i incumbent, the Rev, J. Barnier. -After this, the won of distribution wee began by Mr. Barnier, assisted -by the Rev. W. Hough; and went on irapialy until, .all were sup plied. The most perfect order was maintained ≪ through. Therp. are fifty-three teachers, and overlOOO .children be longing to St. -Barnabas .school. The dhnroh was crowded in every available part -by the parents and , friends, of the ohildren, all. of whom took a deep interest in 'the .pro ceeding^. ? I ; BoVBKE-STnEET Puelic School.— The pupils of the Public school, Bourke-street, Surry Hills, had their annual presentation of rewards -oh Thursday Afternoon, ! the 23rd inBtent. The school work closed in the morning, and, .at'3 o'clock, the scholars, to. the number of 302, (assembled in the tipper room, where the gifts were laid out; on tables. The 'girls were made hsppy by receiving beautiful speci mens pf needlework; dreesed dolls, articles of olothing, and many. .other things. Mrs. Johnson presented eaoh gift in a most appropriate manner. The boys' tables were amply furnished with bats, balls, pnrseB, pocket-books, toys, knives, and large numbers of really useful, and, in eome cases, valuable presents, The Rev, T- Johnson gave the prises to the boys, and addressed them very pleasantly at the close. - Two girls, Mary Clark and Mary Salier, then read an .address to and presented Mies A. Clarke, the mistress, with an elegant inlaid workbox, as a mark of esteem end love; end. two boys, Manson.M'Alpine end Edward Foxall, read. an. address, engrossed on vellum by one of the boys, and then presented the master, Mr. John J. Salier, with a very beautifnl album and esse. After affectionate acknowledgments of the presents, the children heartily cheered, sang several beautiful part songs, and broke np for the holidays. It should be observed that (he infants sohool had a like happy gathering, and that it is the custom of the teachers of this sohool to present eaeb child with a gift acoording to merit, New Bulb.— Messrs. Hilton Browne and /Co., 'seeds- men of this city, have just reoeived from New Zealand, some bulbs of a new and very rare planf, whioh is known as the ' Chatham Island lily ' (Myostidium noblli), end which has been hitherto unknown in this colony. The plant was introduced into the Auckland province by Mr. Delivers, It is is' beautiful epeoies of Forget-me-not, indigenous to the Chatham Islands, 'where it isfound grow ing m the gullies, but not very abundantly. It is said that shoots can be cut only onoe in five years, so that it cannot be propagated very rapidly, The flower ie blue in colour and closely resembles the English forget-me-not, but grows in a thick solid bunch. The leaves are large ana handsome, and have a beautiful wax-like appearanoe ; being prettily corrugated and having a deep green oolonr. Thie lily requires to be planted in a mixture of blaok sand and garden soil in equal proportions, the soil being always kept moist, If liable to crack, the earth must be broken np and manured. If the bulbs are planted out at once, they will it is said blossom during the ensuing summer ; but if the plants are raised from seed they will not reaoh maturity for three years. When this bulb was flrst introduced into England, the first speoimen was sold by auction when in full flower, and realised no less than £10. When in bloom, its flowers contrasting with the large dark green wax-like leaves, which are nearly a foot in diameter, present a magnificent appearanoe. The Solicitor-' bNebal —It will be seen from uu' | law report that Mr. Balomoas was on Monday presented in due funn (o the Supreme Co art as iolioi tor- General for Ne w South Wales. No. 1 Comfany S. B. V. R— Coorm PitixBS. — As en inducement to rifle pieotioe by members of the above company, in A|ril last, Ensign Cooper prewnted two prises — one to be ebot f -r |.y the 11 ret olses, the other by remaining- members of the oompany — under the follow ing conditions: — To be ebot for onoe eaoh month. Dis tances, 200, 500, end GOO yards, five shots at each, Hyt he positions, Wimbledon targets; the member making the highest score on three occasions to be winner. The second class prise was won, after five competitions, by Mr. Maddocks (the gentlemen who has since won the Rifle Association medal for 1869). Tbe first class prize was won by Mr. Sleds, after nine competitions. The following shows tbe highest scores, &c; , in eaoh class, at tbe several competitions : — First Class : Private Slade, winner of £6 [rise, Apiil 41, September 41, December 42 ; private Baly, August 44, November 48; corporal Finob, Ootober 41 ; Captain Wells, May 43; corporal Freeman, June 36; private C. It. Smith, July 29. Second Class: private Maddocks, winner of £5 prize, May 41, July 39, August 45 ; private A. Freeman, June 38 ; sergeant Anderson, April 32. No. 1 CowrANY S. B. Y. Rifles, — The following is the remit of competition for Handicap Subscription Prizes for tbe pest three months. Distances : 200, 600, and 600 yards; 6 shots at each, Wimbledon targets, Hythe posi tions October. Winners : First prize, £1, private Wall ; score, 36.; allowance, 8 ; parade, 1 : total, 15. Sooond prize, 16s., private Maddocks ; score, 41 ; parade, 1: total, 42\. Third prize, 16s., private Baly ; soore, 37 ; aliowanoe, 2; parade, 1: total, 40. November. Winners: First prize, £l, private D. Fisher ; score, 41 ; aliowanoe, 4 : total, 45. Second prize, 16s., private Slade ; soore, 42 : total, 42. Third prize, 10s., corporal W. Freeman ; score, 39 ; allow-: ancc, 2 ; parade, I ; total, 42. December. Winners : First prize, £1, private Slade ; score, 44 ; parade, 1 : total, 45. Second prize, £15, private H. Finher ; score, 34 ; allow ance, 6; parade, I: total, 41. Third prize, 10s., private D. Fisher ; score, 35 ; allowance, 4 ; parade, 1 : total, 40. Quarterly Aggregate Prizes :— Winners : First prize, £L 10s., private Slade ; scores, 44, 42, 41 ; parades, 2 : total, 129\. Second prize, £1, corporal W. Freeman; scoree, 39, 38, 37 ; parades, 3 : total, 117. Third prize, 10s., private D. Fisher; scores, 41, 35, 34; parades, 2: total, 112. Fourth prize, 10s-, private Baly ; eoores, 39, 37, 33 ; parades, 2: total. 111-. Fifth prize, 5s., private A, Free man ; scores, 34, 34, 30 ; parades, 3 : total, 101. Sixth prize, 6s., private Fisher ; scores, 34, 33, 23 ; parades, 2 : total, 97 St. Jude's Parsonage, Randwiok.— On Tuesday evening, the 21et instant, the foundation stone of the par sonage in connection with St. J tide's Church, Randwiok, waB laid by Mrs. Frederick Barker, at 6 o'clock. The sito of the intended building is near the church, oommanding a beautiful and extensive prospect of the ooast end the ad jacent ocean. The Metropolitan Bishep was present and took part in the proceedings. The proceedings began with (he pinging of (he 100th Psalm ; after which, the Rev. T. Wilson, 'he inewulffit, offered up appropriate prayers, in which all present jeineid.' Mr. 8. H. Pearce then read a document setting forth the various steps which had been taken by the parishioners, and others, for promoting the building of a suitable residence for the clergyman of that district. Tbe foundation stone was then laid by Mrs. Broker with all the ueual formalities. The Bishop de livered a brief addresB to the clergy and the laity present. Afterwards, (he entire company (which included eome of the principal residents of the locality) adjourned to the neighbouring schoolroom and there paitook of tea and cake, &c.; A large assemblage gathered together at (hie social rc'utiieti, which is described as having been a very successful affair. At a public meeting held there after tea, the Bishop presided, and again addressed the people. The Rev. Thomas Wilson read a statement of accounts relative' to the proposed building, and moved a vote of thanks to Mrs. 'Barker. The Rev. Canon Stephen seconded the \- motion, which -was put and carried by a unanimous vote. A vote of thanks was then proposed for the ladies who had got np the tea meeting, and had otherwise assisted in the undertaking. This proposition was moved by the Rev. Dr. Barrv, seconded by the Rev. H. S. King, asa supported by the Rev. J. Barnier. Carried. The proceedings were terminated by a vote of thanks to tbe Bishop ; carried on the motion of the Rev. Stanley Miichell, seconded by the Rev. Samuel Fox. Teachers' Mutual Insurance Association.— A meeting 'of members of thie Association was held on Satur day moniiBg, at the Fort-Etreet School. Mr. E. Johnson occupied the chair. After the chairman had stated the objects of the meeting, Mr. J. Rntledge read the first annual report of the committee. After speaking df the formation of the society, and tho approval and asaistanoe which it had received from the Council of Education, the report went to etate that circulars, setting forth briefly the principal features of the association, together with forms to be filled up by applicants for membership were forwarded to every teacher in the pnblic Bervice throughout the colony. Replies were reoeived frem about 330 teachors. The committee then, having taken into consideration all the circumstances' connected with tho inauguration of the association, and tbe contingencies likely to arise, deemed it advisable to limit admiseion to membership, without any restriction as to age, sex, situation, or state of health, to those in the Council's service who made application fox enrolment as members within sixty days from the date of the circular. The limit of sixty days was considered necessary to protect those who entered into the mutual ccmpact with the bona-fide intention of dealing honourably with each other, against those who might, after standing aloof from the association until their medical attendants advised (hem to settle their affairs, apply for admission, and become entitled to funds towards which they never were contributors. it was also ihonght - desirable that' those who approved of the principles of the association should become members at onoe, and thereby secure such a fund as would be sufficient to afford sub stantial relief to the families of those who might, at the commencement of the association's operations, happen to die. The committee feared that unlebs some distinction was made between' those who. came promptly forward, and those who, through indifference, postponed their applica tion, there would be eo small a sum to meet the case of those first bereaved that the design of the association would be frustrated. During this period of sixty days (between February 2 and Apnl 3,) the number of persons that applied for admission, and of course were accepted, was 313\. Subsequently eleven others were admitted, some of whem were officers of the Council or teachers who had been recently appointed ; six were admitted as late applicants, who had to famish medical certificates. The total number of persons enrolled was 324. Of these two died, two withdrew after giving due notice, and five having left die service of the Council of Education ceased to be members of the association, but are eligible for re-enrolment, should they re-enter tbe Council's eervioe at any future time. Since the inauguration of the association three calls have been made including the sum paid on enrol ment; and have produced the f ollowing amounts : — 1st call (entrance) produced £77 16s. ; 2nd ditto ditto, £78 10s. ; 3id ditto ditto; £78 16s. ' The amount of the first call was paid to (the appointee - (widow) of the late Mr. Goudy of Tenterfield ; the secend to (he appointee (father) of the lato Mies Ridgwell, of -Moorfielde ; and the third call remains in hand to meet the case of the next death that may ocour. The committee regretted that the number of members had not reached 600, eo that the sum of £125 might be-' available for eaoh bereaved family. They thought, however, that it was a cheering refleotion that for tbe 15e. two cases of bereavement had been met, and the enm of £78 15s. seemed for the family of any member who may happen to die next. In conclusion,, the oommittee deeired to record its-thanks to the Council of Education for -the very valuable assistance which it ren dered as the banker of the association; to Mr. W. Wilkins, late chairman of dhe Committee, for the ability and zeal he evinced in- giving the . association the form if has how taken, and to Mr. Leary, -solicitor, for the professional assistance he : gratuitously afforded in drafting the association's Tules and regulations. On the motisn of .Mr. Bracken, seconded by Mr. Burgess, the report was adopted. ' On the motion of Mr. Mills, seconded by (Mr. Lester, the -thanks of the meeting were given to the committee for the -very satisfactory manner in which they had discharged the duties oommitted to them. Some discussion took place as to the desirability of suspend ing for three months that portion of the rules which made it necessary for applicants for membership to obtain medical certificates of health. The matter stands postponed for consideration at a special meeting of members. The follow ing gentlemen were appointed to form a committee for the ensuing year : — Messrs. W. Wilkins, E. Johnson, J. Bur rows, Robert DubIop, Jamas Lyons,. C. H. Braoken, James fiutledge. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, end the meeting terminated. Promenade Concert.— A promenade conoert in con nection with the committee of the Cook's Statue took ffiaoe on Tuesday in (he Outer Domain. The bands of H.M.S. Endymion, H.M.S. Challenger, and of the Naval Brigade were on tho ground, and performed a series^ of operatic selections, marches, jgalops, and other inspiriting compositions in quick succession, and the exoellenoe of the music was fully attested by the hearty hurrahs and the loud plaudits whioh followed eaoh performance of the dif ferent bands. The moon failed to make her appearance through the clouds, and it would therefore be difficult to form an approximate estimate of the number oi persons present. The concourse, however, was very large, and it may reasonably be supposed that Ihe Cook s Statue Fund will be greatly augmented bv this timely assistance on the part of the officers of H.M. Navy. Drowned in Cook's River. — About half-past 8 o'clock on Friday evening, 17 th instant, the body or a man was found drowned in Cook's River, about half smile from the Boiasy waterworks, by George Thompson, a fisherman residing in the neighbourhood. Constable Dowries, who was informed of tho discovery, gave tbe following descrip tion of the remains. He said that the body was apparently tbatof a man about 50 years of age, and about 6 feet 4 or 6 inches in height, of slender build, and with long features ; front teeth out in upper jaw ; small whiskers on the sides of the face, and heard of about eight dayB' growth on chin ; ho was dressed in a black alpsoa coat, blaok cloth tronsors and vest, white shirt, blaok neoktie, claetio-sldo baots, neither stockings nor hat, olaBtio belt with brass clasp. In the pockets wote found £1 16s. ltd. and a small tin matoh lox ; in the waietooat pocket, the pattern of a crioket bat on g paper. Tho body was removed to the Cottage of Content ublln.house, where tho City Coroner hold an inquest ou sturdsy afternoon, when the jury returned the following verdiot,—' That the body of a man, name unknown, was found on the 17th instant at Cook's River, drowned, with out any marks of violence appearing on the body; but that bow or by what means he became drowned there was no evidence to show.' At the inquest the age of the deoeasod was fixed at 65 years. Fhiliiaiimonio Society.—' This society gave its fdaHk concert at the season, on Tuesday, at the Kxohange. To re .was a good attendance, notwithstanding the attractions in tho way cf musical entertainments elsewhere. The pro- , Sramnie optnid with the overture to Belle's 'Siege of [ochelle,* which was very brilliantly ex- Oil ted by the. orchestra. But the pieon which tested the abilities of the urcbeelra perhaps mors than any other, and whioh showed thai they still keep up the high atandard of excellenco for which they are renowned, whb the pieoe with which the eeoond part if the programme opened— the overlure to Rossini's 'La Gaz.za Ladra.' They were deeervodly applauded after the performance of this piece. The audience were very much pleased with Miss Fleming's singing; her rendering of Linley's Bong, ' Spirit of air,' was so well dono lhat she had to respond to an encore. A young Iadv, whoae name was purposely omilttd from the programme, displayed considerable ta'ent by her perfor mance upon tbe pianoforte. Mr. M. W. Greenfield played a solo upon the violin in n very masterly manner, and received an encore. Mr. H. G-ioeli and n gentleman ama teur sang one or two songs aud duels, and were both very warmK applauded. The performance of Ihe march from ' Le Propbcte' and the National Anthem concluded a very ( xcc) lent cutcrtainm ce t, Sydney Infirmary.— Report of tho Sydney Infirmary for the week ending 20th Deormber : Admitted— 20 males, 12 females; Diacbaiged — 21 males, 9 female?; Died— 4 men, 2 femab-B; Remaining in house — 110 men, 60 females total, 166. Subscriptions received, £36 2s. Mr. Gale's Balloon.— A balloon of imposing dimen-i sions ie now lying in au upper room uf tho Oriental Hotel, QueeD's 'Wharf. It ie almost completed, and requires little more than the putting together, and conveyance to the scene of the proposed SBccnt at the Sir Joseph Bahks Hotel, Bntany. It was eonstructed under the superintendenccof Mr. T. Gale, son of Lieutenant G. B. Gale, of the Royal Navy, who intends to make a voyage in it on Boxing Day. Con siderable care haB bem taken in (be making up, and tbe materiel (jacconet) of which the ba:loon is composed has been caretully sewed ; and the whole oiled over several limes so as to render it perfeotly air-tight. The balloon is 56 feet in length, 102 feet in circumference, and 34 feet in diameter. The car, which is being prepared in the vicinity of the Prinoe of Wales Opera House, will be four feet eix inches leng, three feet four inches in height, and two feet eight inches in width. It is estimated (hat when properly inflated the balloon will conlein 22,000 cubic fret of gas. ' The net which ie to covor the bag, is made of stouttwine, carefully kno toi, and con tains a large number of meahes, which alternate from one inch at the top to two feet as they approach the hoop. From this in turn four 2-inch ropes depend, which will be connected .with tbe car. To (he minutest portions of the WOtk, bb much attention has been paid as to the larger, and although there are fewer appliances at hand, and fewer skilled artisans to be feumi -n this oily, the bal loon will doubtless well fulfil the purpiais ior which it is intended. A smaller balloon has also been got readj; ie spread out in tbe same room. It will hold surplus gas for the use, if required, of the larger balloon. It is 20 feet in length, 30 feet in circumference, and is composed of the same material. Tns Prince of Wales Opera House.— The per formance given on 17lh instant, by the offiocrs of the Flying Squadron, in aid of the funds of the School of Industry, was in ell repeats a great success. The house was crowded in every part, the drees circle tilled with the elite of Sydney, and its centre box occupied by his Excellency the Governor, hie suite, and (he senior officers of the squadron. The several items of the programme were admirably performed, coneidcrirg how limited must have been (ho opportunities to reheorec afforded to the gentlemen amateurs who sus tained the several characters. The entertainments opened with a comedy, ' The Goose with the Golden Eggs,'' very creditably played by Messrs Jones and Wright, of H.M.S. Scylla; Messrs. Brace, Bignold, and Dick, of H.M.S. Liverpool, assisted by Miss Colville. The laughable butlesque ' Kenilworth, or ye Queene, ye Earle, and ye Maidenne,' wsb the second part of the programme, and went off vilh increased eclat. Mr. Men zies, who sustained the r Queen Elizabeth, proved himself the possessor of an amount of ability almost un lroked for in an amateur, and his impersonation would have done credit to many of the so-oaUed stare. It created roars of laughter, repeated applause, calls before the curtain, and a shower of bonqnots which might bavo been flattering to one of the opposite sex, but cumbrous to a gentleman; Mr. Grissell, as Vamey, was also very good; .Messrs. Montague, Michaelson, Henderson, Min Munich, Stapleton, Bignold, and Lilliagston also per formed with credit. They received a full meed of support frcm Mies Corcoran who, as Amy Robs&rt;, was honoured with a special call for her artistic dancing. ' Ici on Farle Franc- a ie ' formed (ho afterpiece, and in this Mr. Menzies again elicited the hearty approbation of the audienoe by his acting in tbe character . of Mnj or Rattan. Mr. Wright bb Spriggine, Mr. Innes sb Dubois, Mrs. Jones, Miss Colville, Miss Ryder, and Miss Corcoran filled up the other characters with marked efficiency. The band of H. M. S. Endymion performed during the evening, and were an agreeable adjnnct to tho amusements. A clarionet solo, by Mr. D'Anna, was specially noticeable. It is a matter of rare occurrence that an amateur performance elicits such favourable encomiums from an audienoe as were expressed on this occasion. Death occasioned through Intemperate Habits. — The City Coroner held an inquest on Monday afternoon, at (he Lighthouse Hotel, corner of Bathnrst and Sussex streets, touching the death of a man, named Phillip Dorrington. From the evidence of deceased's wife, who resided at 27, Bathurst-street, it appeared that her husband was sixty-six years ef age, a native of Windsor, and a shoemaker by trade, bnt lately employed as a labourer in an auctioneer's establishment ; that they had been married for sixteen years, and that latterly he had been drinking very hard, within the last six months, before which for eix years he had pledged himself from drink ; since that time he had been drinking night and day, and had not been sober for two days during the six mouthB ; for the last week he had lived at 221, Sussex- street, but previous to that he told her that he bad slept in Hancock's yard ; on last Saturday night she saw the deceased at her daughter's, and he then complained of being ill ; she went on Sunday morning to his lodgings in Sussex-street, and found him in bed, and unable to leave it because of his having pains all over his body ; he said that he had caught cold from going into the water that day week to catch {irawns ; after getting her husband some tea and gruel, she eft his lodgings, and returned again in (he evening, when she found him in bed, appearing very dull ; she remained with him all night, and he got weaker and weaker ; she gave him brandy and water occasionally throughout the night ; she left him at half-past 8 o'clock in the morning to get him some tea, for which she went to her daughter's, and on. her return she found him lying dead in the yard. The landlady of the lodging-house deposed to going into the yard yesterday morning and to finding the deceased lying on bis side on some flagging, with his head resting against i.a post, near - a water -pipe; he was then breathing; she: spoke to him but received no answer, and he died ahortly afterwards. The medical witnees stated from, the evidence he had heard, together with (he result of his examination, he believed the.cauae of death to have been disease of the heart and liver ; continued intemperance would account for appear ances found by him on examination. The jury found that deceased died, from natural causes accelerated by intem perance. Dramatic Entertainment in aid of the Sailors' Home.— The crew of H. M.S. Endymion gave an amateur performance, at the Adeiphi Theatre, on Wednesday, in aid of thefnnds of the Sydney Sailors' Home. There was a very good house, 'which 'included several of the officers of the Flying Squadron. The entertainment reflected^ a large amount of credit on those who took part therein. It opened with a- prologue, written by Mr. Campion, master-at-arms, who also distinguished himself as a comio vocalist of such ability as to render him the recipient of three encoree- ' The Sailor of France,' a nautical drama, gave Mies Cooper, the talented directrees of the theatre, an opportunity of , assisting the amateurs, and she played Madeline in a very finished stole. Mr. Wade, as Robert, sIbo distinguished ' himself. His Hugh de Bras, in ' A Regular Fix,' . was also cleverly acted ; and he played Thornbrake, in 'Dandelion's Dodges,' with.no moan ability. Dancing by Messrs. Berry and Beattie, and musical selections Dy the fine band of their ship, filled up tho remainder of the evehing's amusement. Trinity Musical and _ Social Institutb.— Tho members of the above association gave one of their pleasing entertainments on Tuesday, in the parish sohoolroom, Lower Fort-street. The audience, however, in oonsequenoe of the counter-attraction of the promenade concert, in the Domain, was not so large as might have been exDeoted from the exoellenoe of the programme, whioh was gone through by (Bp gentlemen amateurs in a manner evidencing a good deal of study. The oonoert was opened with a well played overture by a gentlemaB, who also acted as aooompanyist to the various songs, of whioh ' Nil Desperandum,' ' I would ho a soldier,8 ' Let me like a soldier fall,' ' Mar garotte,' ' Sunshine and Clouds,' 'David singing bo fore Saul,' &c.;, were exoeedingly well sung, and were re ceived by the andience with marked satisfaction. The reol (ations comprised 'Speak gently to the fatherless, 'Mary Queen of Scots,' 'Advance Australia,' 'Tho Irish Wedding,' and ' Somebody's Darling,' several of which, as was the case with some of tho songs, wore deservedly encored. This very enjoyable programme was brought to a close with a neat tnpologue, entitled ' Taming a Tiger,' ihe three gentlemen who took part displaying an amount of dramatic talent not often met with in amateurs. Swindling with Shoddy.— A curious case of swind ling (writes the Wodonga correspondent of tho Mbury Banner) occurred here within the last two or three days. Mr. M'lllree asked the Bench, on Tuesday, if ho had any redrcas. Two men having the uppearanoe of oommercial (rnvellere, had called upon him with numerous goods and samples, representing that they had obtained them dirt cheap at the sale of an insolvent's estate. SamploB of Baok bags were shown of good quality, at about half the market prfoe. He bad given an order for three baleB. Broad oloths were offered, to all appearanco of superior quality, in lengths fit for men's suits, for ooats, or boys' dresses. A big neap was purchased, for whioh a choquo for £4 or £5 was handed over. Very soon after receiving tho cheque the travellers skedaddled. On s more careful examination of tho 'superior broad oloth,' it was discovered that it would not hold a stiloh of sowing thread, and as Mr. M'lllree Baid, holding a piece of oommon blotting-paper in his hand and tearing it aoross, 'it was no stronger than this.' The sergeant of polioe here stated that he had suf fered in a similar manner, though not to eo great an extent. Their Worships were of opinion that the travelling gentle men had kept within the law, but complainants were re commended to consult their legal advisers. SiONon DevotR# Cokciht—A grand cvoaj'® 00,1 'ft given by Sigiioi Ugo Desroli took pluoo on Tuml«) '? '» Hall of the School of Alto, which wmnoi Ko well fiiiea' ' n igbt have been, considering tbe merit of the perforamns,',t and the claims of tbe above named artist upon the admirer* of operatic music. There were a goad many persons in the ' bod- of Ihe hull, but the roiei ved seats were for the mart part empty. Signer Devuti has on (hues oooaaions wfiea hi has appealed to the publio, been singulaily unfortunate (n bis choico of lime. The pecuniary success of his entertain, mcuta hue been prevented by the oounter attractions which have drawn the frequenters uf evening concerto to other £lao-s. Last night tbe promenade oonoert in th» lomain took plnoe, and of course vary uuoh dimin ished the receipts at the School of Arts. This is tbe only reason of Signer Devuti's failure, for lhat be ie a great favourite with the publio there can be no donbt. The concert last night was, as far as the seleotion and execution of tbe musio wu concerned, en excellent entertainment There was a strong enrpt de cat, ci 1 1, and a numtruus army of amateur talsnt. Tbe programme contsined some guns from the most popular operas, one or two pretty b.lia-'p, a oouple of oomlo songs, and seme choruses and conocrtel pieces. Tho An\il Chorus opened the performances; then followed AzucWb canzone, 'Stride Is Yarupo,' in Trovatore, most adniirally sung by Miss Goorgina Vernon. Bignor Dcvoti thru Btng 'Ab,si lunuiio' in his usual vivacious and elegant si; Ie. Mies L. Kosten rendered the 'Taoea la Nolle,' from Trovaroro, very prettily; aud Mr. Simmons gave ihe famous 'II Balen' with maoh vigour, expression, and accuraoy of vooalisation. ihe Miserere choiui and 'Ah chs la Mortis,' by Miss Kosten, Gignor Devoti, and others, were well sung and loudly applauded. Mr. G. F. Jackson prot'ily-iiiiied bollau 'Tell me Mary how to woo ' which bus become so popular here, in & manner which secured for him prolonged plaudits. In plaoo of. a adv who was to have sung the ' BollriLCcr,' but who was ebsrnt from ill-healih, Signor Devoti sang 'Quostao' quells, and had to submit to an encore. A oomio song. 'Dolbs m Paris,' hy Mr. Russell, was also enoorod. Among the best pieces in the entertainment, wot« the ' Regnal i nel Silenzio,' sung by Mist Florence Ryall ; tho ' Hi Ptfcaiore,' ending with the ' Ama tu madre' duet, ly Miss Kosten and Signer Devoti ; nnd the favourite air, ' Let n.a like a soldier fall,' from 'Maritana,' also by Signer Devoti. Niaily all the vooaljsts were pupils of lhat gentleman. Tbe National Anthem, sung by tho wholo company, concluded the entertainment. Kobijery with Violence.— A man, named James Bentty (anye the Tamwotlh Examiner), is now in custody of tl'.o Viarialda police, charged wiitx Mooting from s dwelling end shooting with intent to commit murder. It appears that (he prisoner was arrested by Mr. Strang in the set of committing a robbery at Flatbuttom, and subse quently given into tbe custody of scnior- aergeant Fiynn, of Waiinlda, at Fiatbotlom. The prisoner is s-riously wounded, the injuries having ben inflicted hy himsolf, and is now en remand awaiting recovery. Firearms and ammu nition were ^,nd W-e P'soocr. Botany Mechanicb Institute.— the members of tho ubove nemed instiiute held their fortnightly meeting, on Saturday evening lost, in Ensor's Temperance Hall. Mr. James W. Wilson, one of the Vice-presidents, occupied the chair. The members of Ibis institute have on many occasions, and for a considerable time, suffered much inconvenience and expense in having to remove from one building to another, and the chief business for that evening was tho conaideration of several matters relative to the removal once more of the furniture and library from the tannery building, the use of which baa been liberally given by the late proprietress Mrs. Gatherall, for upwards of two years, and for the dis tribution until tbe erection of an institute of euch effeots amongst the members that could not be conveniently stowed in the Temperanca Hall, which is already well furnished. A good programme of songs, readings, and recitations was arranged fornext meeting, New Years night, end the meeting terminated by a member flinging the National Anthem, the audience joining in chorus. How Candidates are Received at Yountq. — Tho Burrangong Argus of Saturday states that the town was quite alive on Friday evening, caused by the arrival frcm Sydney of Mr. James Watson. Arrangements had been previously made for a hearty reception, and one which few country candidates recoive. His approaoh having been announced by a courier on horsebook, tha committee formed themselves into a procession, and, acoom panicd by a band of music (wbicb, considering the diffi culties under which (he getting up of such an arrangement is attended, waa a very creditable aff.ir), proceeded to tho new bridge, and awaited the arrival of the coming man. When the buggy in which Mr. Watson was seated arrived on the bridge, Dr. Temple (Chairman of the Committee) welcomed him in a short appropriate speech, which was re plied (o by Mr. Waisen. The horse was then detaohed from the buggy and a etrong rope substituted, and the pro cession commenced. Tbe band played various well known airs, and Mr. Watson, was escorted to hia reaidenoe amidst the vociferous cheers of a large asemblage. Thunderbolt Again.— InformatioR has been received in Armidale (says the Tamworth journal) that a hawker had been stuck up near Mihi Mihi Creek Station, and robbed of money and valuables amounting to nearly £10. Report asserts that this is the notorious Thunderbolt. It is also reported that a robbery of £12 was effected on the eame day by two aimed men, who took from a Mr. Taylor about £12 near Uralla. Annual Ball op Mr. J. Clark's Pupils. — The annual ball of the. pupils attending Mr. J. Clark's danoing classes was held on Monday evening in the Assembly Room, Elizabeth-street North. It was to celebrate the breaking up of tbe lessons— prior to the Christmas vacation. The tall wsb well filled not only by the pupils themselves but also by their friends and a considerable number of visitors. ' A 11 went merry bb a marriage bell ' and to the enlivening strains of a fine band they footed it away for several hours with great vigour. The easy movements of the pupils in the dence bore ample testimony to the teaching powers of their instructor. Snake Poisoning.— The Medical Gazette of Viotoria ssye i — ' In proof of the benajides of our eoepticism of the vslne of ammoniacal injection in enake- poisoolng, we may remind our readers that no observer, either in Europe or elsewhere, has been able to verify Professor Halfora's so-called discovery anent the alleged alteration in the corpuscles of tbe blood in esses of snake- poisoning. We may also refer to the negative results of the valuable series of experiments undertaken by Fro fesBor Fayrcr, in conjunction . with two other medical men of experience and ability, to test the valne ef ammoniacal injeotion in snake-poisoning in the case of a really . venomous reptile. Should further experience, however, prove ammoniacal injeotion to be of any service in snake-poisoning, it would appear that the merit of the proposal belongs not to Profcsssr Halford, bnt to tbe writer of the letter which appeared in the Aus tralasian of 29th February, ' 1868— eight months prior te Dr. Halford'e first experiment, 22nd Ootober, 1868. . Every day experience shows that persons bitten by Australian snakes— several species of whioh are harmless — reoover under each a variety of treatment, and sometimes without any treatment at all, lhat their reoovery ia.litfle proof of the valne of so- called antidotes or specifics.' Ordination at Melbourne.—' Ths ALrgus of Monday says ' An ordination by the Bishop of Melbourne took place at St. James's Cathedral church. There were six candidates for ordination—one as a deacon, and fire as priests. The ordinaty service was conducted by the Rev. G. Goodman, and tbe sermon for the occasion was preached by the Rev. G. O. Vance, trom Ephesians iv. 12—' For the perfecting of the saints, the work cf the ministry, and the edifying of tbe body of Christ.' Tha candidates were presented to the bishop by the Rev. G. Goodman. In the imposition of hands, his lordship wsb assisted by the Very Rev. Dean Macartney, Rev. G. O. Vanoe, the Rev. G. Goodman, and the Rev. M. King, principal of Moore College, Liverpool, New South Wales, where the gentlemen ordained bad pursued their studies for the work of the ministry. The following were ordained priests The Rev. J. C. Bahice, of Wood's Point and MaUookj tho Rev. J. C. P. Allnutt, of Portland; the Rev. James Wagg, of Kyneton, Sme&ton;, and Spring- hill; ths Rev. J. Mariott Watson, of All Saints', Ballaratj andtheRev. S. Copeland, of Tallarook, Seymour, and Avenel. As deacon, the Rev. W. Clark Hose, late of Inverleigfa and Murgheboluo.' The English Pedestrians.—' Ws learn from the Argue that the ' Englieb pedestrians,' or ' pads,' as they are familiarly termed, arrived in the bay on last Friday afternoon in the ship Lincolnshire, which sailed from Plymouth on September 29. These champions of flsetness —Messrs. Bird, Hewitt, and Topley, with their trainer, Mr. George Ledger— have come out in first-rate health, and after getting rid of their 'sea-legs,' and getting a- little acolimatised, they will go into active fralning. There can be little doubt about the Englishmen becoming great favourites, and as Messrs. Hewitt, Bird, and Topley will introduce auite a new style of bath running and walking, it may be expected that— like the English criok eters— they wiU very much improve the form of our colonial aspirants to pedestrian honours. The Englishmen witnessed the race between Harris and Bolton on Saturday, and were very muoh impressed with Harris's paoe aad appearance, but consider that his style of moving oan- be considerably improved. The time, as token by Mr. Hewitt —a trifle under 15 aeoonds for the 161 yards— oannot, ha says, be beaten in England ; and if this is so we have at last found in a oolonial youth a match for the beet man. that England can produce ou equal terms. WEATHER AND CROPS. We have had hot and sultry weather during the last week in the metropolitan districts, accompanied by occasional thunder storms. The amount of rain which has fallen has been small, but at the same time it has been suffi- cient to keep vegetation fresh and green, so that as yet there is no appearance of the sum- mer russet upon the grass. The Braidwood Dispatch of last week re- ports : — Hay making is now nearly finished. If we have another week of fine weather the crop, will be saved the roughly. The farmers generally will be busy next week reaping their wheat, which looks very well, and which will give a more prolific yield than has been known for a number of years back. Rust baa made its appearance, bnt it is very slight, and not likely to commit any injury except to tho late sown crops, which are the most affected hy it. In its issue of Saturday last, the Yass Courier says : — The weather daring the last few days has been charac- terised by intense sultriness. Last week numerous farmers in the district commenced their wheat harvest, which pro- mises to be unusually heavy and good. About Jugiong the wheat looks splendid, and much of it is already cut. The hay is now almost all in. We have heard of no bush- fires, but fear that the exessive quantity of grass all over the country will cause them before long. Farmers should see to clearing off round their stack-yards at once. From the Tumut, the correspondent of the Gundagai Times writes on the 15th instant: — The harvest may be said to be fairly ret in in this locality, and during the last few days various inquiries have been made for reapers; who this year seem scarce. The price for reaping at present is from 12s. to 20s. per acre in this locality. Under date the 13th instant, the correspon- dent of the Albury Banner writes from the Ten Mile Creek : — Reaping has commenced, the late hot weather bringing the crops on very rapidly. Red rust has made its appear- ance in a few places, but it has done no damage whatever, the head of the wheat being well filled and the sample good. The strippers will commence operations, the wheat having to be thoroughly dry before they commence to work. Reporting on the weather at Wagga Wagga, the Express of the 18th says: — The heat during the past few days has been terrific. On Wednesday, in what was supposed to be the cool shade of a verandah, the thermometer marked no lees than 113', and on the following day it ran again to within two degrees of the same point. In the sun we observed a glass one time standing at 144', and we understand that a still higher degree even than this has been registered. On Thursday evening the temperature cooled down consider- ably, and yesterday was a comparatively mild and delight- ful day. The great and continued heat of the weather has rendered the grass as inflammable as tinder, and caused great apprehensions on the score of bush fires. Writing on the 13th instant, the Carcoar correspondent of the Western Examiner says : — The shearing is nearly completed ; haymaking is pro- gressing rapidly, and the wheat will be fit for cutting about Christmas. Labour is rather scarce, as all our labourers are engaged in quartz reefing, which is looking well, although I have not heard of any fresh reefs being dis- covered during this week. From the Western Examiner of Saturday last we take the following report of the weather in the Orange district: — A tropical heat has prevailed during the whole of the week, which culminated on Thursday afternoon in a violent storm which, passing over Orange, spent its fury ap- parently in the neighbourhood of the Forest and Pretty Plains. The share we came in for at Orange was particu- larly disagreeable. The high wind which accompanied the storm, raised such clouds of dust as to compel the closing of windows and doors to the no small discomfort of the heated inmates of the domiciles, who had thus to endure a compulsory vapour bath. Yesterday all appearance of rain had disappeared, but the wind continued somewhat high. Under the heat of the past week the crops are ripening quickly. Haying is almost ever, the crops, so far as we have seen, being heavy. A considerable dearth in the supply of labour exists. Reapers are in considerable de- mand. Under these circumstances the price given will be a fair one, though no ruling figure has yet been named. The Bathurst Free Press, in its issue of Satur- day last, remarks : — The weather is still favourable for housing the hay crop and ripening the wheat. Reports of rust in odd places have come in ; but the disease, we are happy to say, is but partial. There have been occasional thunder and lightning within the last few days, but only slight sprinklings of rain. Under date the 16th instant, the Rockley cor- respondent of the Bathurst Times writes : — Shearing is almost, if not altogether, finished at the large shearing stations near Rockley. Reaping will begin in several places next week. Many of our farmers round here have been making hay lately, and, unquestionably, they have had plenty of sunshine to help them. We shall have, this year, a tolerable crop of fruit, consisting of peaches, gooseberries, currants, and cherries. The latter are very fine. From Foybrook, the correspondent of the Maitland Mercury writes on the 16th : — The weather in the district this past week has been all farmers could wish for gathering the harvest, and as most of the farmers have finished reaping and drawing in their wheat, a little rain would assist them greatly in preparing land for stubble corn. While I am writing, it has every prospect of rain ; the sky is very cloudy, and blowing from the south. The Singleton Times of Saturday last says of the weather in the Patrick's Plains district : — An agreeable change in the weather was experienced yesterday afternoon. Up till Thursday evening the ther- mometer during the week ranged from 90 to 110 degrees in the sun. About 4 o'clock on the above day, a storm broke over Singleton, and although very little rain fell, thunder continued to roll and lightning to flash till after dark. When the storm was at its height, a valuable horse, grazing at Kelso, on Mr. Barclay's farm, was struck dead by the lightning, and the stubble set on fire. The same journal has the following relative to a lot of bullocks fed up in the prairie-grass paddocks ot Neotsfield: — We understand that one of the finest droves of prime fed cattle ever reared in this district, was disposed of at Neots- field at the beginning of last week. It was remarked by those who saw them that a finer lot of animals never left the district. From Inverell, a correspondent of the Armi- dale Express writes on the 13th instant : — The weather is oppressively warm, and on Wednesday evening a violent storm occurred, the wind overthrowing chimneys, unroofing houses, and scattering huge branches of trees in all directions. Reaping is in full swing, thes yield being quite up to the mark. A large number of men are being employed. Under the same dale, a correspondent of the same paper writes from Glen Innes : — Weather fine all the week, and very hot at times. There was a heavy thunderstorm on Monday afternoon, accom- panied by hail stones, fortunately not doing much injury to the crops, though many wheat fields are nearly ready for the reapers. Writing on the 4th instant, the Harwood Island correspondent of the Grafton Observer reports : — Thunder storms, sunshine, and showers have occurred alternately during the past week. The sun's heat be- tween the shadows has been almost unbearable. The winds are generally from the north-east, with occasional changes tor a short time to the southward. The young cane and early maize are looking well ; the maize is now in tassal, and promises a fair return. *t' Par latest information relative to the Weather, when changes occur, tee last paragraph of ' Summary' on page 4. 