THE COUNTRY. A Farmer named Thomas Gibbs, residing J1^ at Mount Duneed, died suddenly at hia roai &hfi; dence on 25th ult. The matter has been re §|p ported to the police, but no particulars are to gH fcAud. An inquest ia likely to be held. §111 Superintendent Hill and sergeant Lamer ||| -visited tbo Bijou Theatre, Ballarat. on Tuos |yl day, aad cautioned the owner that if lie allots MS the ' Can-can' dance to be performed a-*ain his Illl . license will be cancelled. Consequently the sfffij reerforiners took care to attend to the. instruct Illl ? According to the Tarrengoiver Times, the §111 tiufortunate young man, Richard mils, who Jill . committed suioido in Castlemaine the other Brag day, was well known in Maldon, and liked as H ' well an kno-tu from his thorough genial, unsel ffi« ii-jh disposition. He was a good reciter, and, Bfij strangely enough, his favorite recitation was SB Hood's ' Bridge of Sighs,' into which he . HH . ihvow a csnsiderable amount of power and jMj palUos. ? HH , A point of considerable importance in refer BBj (Knsa to frimd summonses wai raised ut the BSj Croawick Police Court on 2n4 March, in the jjBjjj ? «ase of. Magill and Coghlau v W. Flansgan, MB when Mr O'Dae, for the defendant, argued m tnat as in coniorunty witn tne iota seocion oi W& ; the Imprisonment for Debt Statute the bench am , *in cases of fraud summons must act judicially ; BM: ' and also, aa according to the Justices of Peace &&? Statute, the bench had no jurisdiction beyond Igt,: ; twelve rnoiitSs, so therefore in any ra*e in ifi ' which the magistrates' order had not been acted H;! I on for twelve months, a court of petty sessions B would have n*- jarisdiction t) deal wish it. Mr Hi ; Dowliug, P.il., raled that the objection was H fatal., and dismissed the case. Btt A piece of gold weighing 10 dwt wa3 picked H np in the roadway opposite Murphy's Hotel, n' ' dastlemaine, on 25;h ult. It was separated H , irom a piece of quarts! which a cart wheel had h] ' 'crushed in pasting over. A few duy3 since a H pretty little nugget was picked up by a Mr Hj ''.'. .Ingles, in t!:io roadway opposite tne Criterion H : Hotel. Thus the streets of Castletnaiae seem H', _paved with gold. H It appears that the prospectus of a new Hi Waterworks Company for Spring Creek has' m 'been published. The promoters are snid to bo( HJ : gentlemen well known on Spring Creek, Bal m larat and Melbourne. The Company's capital ig ' will amount to £15,000, and it is anticipated H' llhe total cost of the works will not exceed H £14,000. The shares will be issued at a pre |1 aniuin of 53 each, 7s 6d additional to be paid ffl. on allotment, and the roaiainder in calls. ?j'i A telegiuji from Belfast infornaa us that 1|!: the local land owners held a meeting on Thure Mi ,day in reference to the harbor improvement Br: -,tax proposed to be levied. The meeting was SB. :rushed by a mob brought from Kdiarney, B;' Tower-hill and Yambuki and there was a row H over tho appointment of a chairman. Fmd Hji 3Bg that the disturbance could not be quelled, 9 ? the Mayor dissolved the meeting before any ?';- ' business was done. H!: ' ' Something more serious than a lack of gal B:: lantry on the part of a police cons-table is itn 9 ; -plied in an incident recorded by an Ovens con H!i , temporary: — '* Oa 22nd ult. a lady, having oc B' ? casion to travel by coach from ftathfcrglen to fl Beech worth, was compelled to take an inside H Beat alongside two prisoners, while the officer || fax charge occupied the box seat with the Hi. driver. The lady, conceiving the proper place H ' : for the policeman was to be seated with the H ??{{ prisoners, requested him to exchange seats with B.[ : her, but he declined to accede to this reason ? : ' able demand on the ground that it made him B aick to sit inside. The lady, while passing fl;: ; through Chil tern, felt tho awkwardness of her H:;: [ position very much, and expressed a hope fl:( : ;that this model policeman's superior officer I . ? might come to hear of it.' Wo ooho that hope I cordially. |K : A somewhat amusing anecdote is narrated by ? :, Lfae Melbourne correspondent ot a Ballarat con B i) ; temporary in connection with the claim of mem ? 'I ' bers of Parliament to suggest who should be ? ;; . appointed J.Ps. It is said the Minister of I';; ' Justice received a pressing application I .; irom a certain M.L A. to appoint a person, who 9 shall be nameless an honorary magistrate. Hi; , The person for whom the honor was sought was I1'1 ; epokon of in the highest terms; and the np §? pointment was made. Subsequently the MiniB g ter met: the ML. A., and intimated that be hid 1./ complied with his request, but this person re 1 ipudiated having solicited the appointment, re I : marking that his testimony in favor of. the i ' recipient of the honor was given as an M.L. A., Is: but that in his private capacity he vouched 1 nothing for him. There may be some myite I jrious kind of fun in this, but as to fact ? . I ? It is asserted that a gentleman in the Ararat I district, who has pursued farming for the last i;; thirty years, and who dnrirjg the latter portion I [', of this period has farmed much in Victoria, has i : never been troubled with rust or drake in bis I wheat ; and this immunity he attributes to the I ? , pursuance of a very simple plan in the pre I paration of hi.' seed. Says the Ararat Ad I vertiscr: — ' ^Ir Manly, of Elmhurst, the I gentleman wo refer to, states that he never by I'' ' any chance uses wheat for seed that is not I thrashed by hand, and the seed ho steeps not I in Milestone, as is usual, but in strong brine for I about three hours, keeping it continually I stirred, so as to permit the influence of the I:; solution to every part of the grain ; while in I the brine and being treated in thia way, the I drake floats upon the fcurfaco and may ba I . ' ; eauily skimmed off. Mr Manly is quite conli 1 dent that it is solely owing to this treatment I that he has been unaffected by met since he I first commenced farming in Victoria.' I To possess her Majesty's commission of the 1 ? peace does not invariably imply the possession 9 ', of common sense or even of ordinary discretion. I ; . And a notable illustration of this is the case I of a certain mogistrato in the Ballarat district, who recently set at defiance the' law officers ??? ? of the Crown. Under the new regula tions of the department, -his magisterial functions, like those o! many others, were limited to his particular dislriot, but in order to display his independence, as well as to (i try the question,' he insisted upon adju '', ; dicating at Meredith, contending that the . , law officers could not limit the powers granted under the old commission. We apprehend that he will find himself Beriously mistaken, both as to the issue , involved aud the mode in which he expects it ; to be determined — that is a civil action. 'We ; , should be sorry to see so brilliant an ornament | i . of the bench (in tho estimation of one individual ij j at all events) compelled to present himself in a ?j ;' very different portion of tbe court, and this ; :- altogether a voluntary proceeding on bis ; I part, Tayo Littlb Boys, William and Garaod JiJineiB, aged: five and three years, eons of a. gardener ut Mouut Pleasant, Ballarat, were lost on the morning of the 25th ult. Muriuy cod seem to be nourishing in Lake Burrurabeet. One of the Messrs Gates informs a local journal that while engaged the other day in raising the sunken yacht Warrior, a cod about; two feot long jumped np before the boat they ^vere in. He described the appearance of tbe leaping fish us like a great bit of board cowing up out of the water. Here are chances then for gentle craftsman with strong lines. Tue fire at Mr Joseph Josephs', Sebastopol, on 21st ult. was caused iu a manner, the know ledge of which should operate as a caution : — Mrs Josephs was bathing hor feet, and lelt alighted caudle on the' floor, thu llime of ivhicii came in contact with a dre-s hanging on the bedroom wall. ; She made au effort to pull it down, but did not succeed, as thu place was all ablaze in a moment,. G. H. White, aged twf nty-lhree, who was fduuii.itead on tho road between Oiunes and Ballarat, near Coghili'a Creek, on the 23.-d ult, -vas sejea a few minutes beforo the- accident quite sober, and shortly after the horues were met by MrLanigan in u full gallop. Hd' went in search of the driver and found him on his face dtad, lying on the ground. The poor fellow i a! accidentally fallen out of the wag gon in which, like inauy other drivers, he must have betn Hittine carelr»3lv. Thk BiVLtiARAT Gas Company's baU yearly meeting took place on the 25th ulfc. Ttie profit of the half-year ainouuts to £2450 17i lid, from which the directors recommend the usual dividend of 6 percent, amounting to £2121. 15i 6d, leaving a residue of £329 2a 5d to be added to the balance previously at the credit of profit and loss, from which the directors propose to trausfer £500 ti the renewal of works fund, leaving an unappropriated balance of £913 8s lid to he carried to next statement. A Boy named Castle, who was employed at the True Briton claim, Huntly, left his home on 22ad ult , aad ban not since be^n heard of. From what we can glean it appears that he had received a severe shock from fright at the time tho shed at the claim was burnt down, two or three weeks ago, and lias been scarcely right. in his head since. Previous to leaving he wrote a note saving that ho was going and that fee would never return. Charles Smith, aged 11 years, was. killed on his father's farm, about six miles north of Port Caroline, South Aattralia, on Tuesday after noon, the 9th nit. This melanchi.ly event was caused by the head of the thumbscrew c itching the buttonhole nearest the collar of his coat, while the sy indie of a windmill was revolving, causing strangulation before the accident was dicovered by his father, Mr W. Smith. Dr. Kbhman has been missing from his home at Steiglitz since the 22 ud ult., and though the police after his disappearance scoured the country round for two days in suc cession ttaoy were unable to obtain any traces . of his whereabouts. Ic appears that on Mon day afternoon ke locked up his shop and went to Meredith, returning at night to Stfiglitz with Mr Jamo's Scott, from whom he parted at Steiglitz bridge about nine o'clock p.m., stating that he was going to call upon an acquait t mce, which, however, he did not do. Dr. Korman is a bachelor, and without any relatives ih tbe colony, and is stated to be somewhat eccentric in his habits. From, the description given of him. by an informant, it is probable that it is the same gentleman who on the 23rd ult. rented rooms at the FyanBford Hotel, and whom the landlord, 3fr Henderson, believes insane. The Greswick Advertiser gives an account of a most extensive and disastrous bush lire at Dean, on Saturday, 20fch ult., which embraced a radius of three miles, commencing at a point about one mile from Messrs Auderson'd timber yard, and extending to the source of the Moorabool ris'er. The origin of the tire oannot as yet be traced, but grave doubts are entertained of the culpability of some persons who, byrepeatedactsof a similar character, have laid themselves open to suspicion. Two or three persons were burnt completely out, and lost their all, while more suffered in a less degree. The Messrs Anderson had three bridges de stroyed, together with two miles of their tram way ; they estimated the actnal damage at about £600. Amongst the others who suffered most severely, we may mention Scoby, Steven eon, Brady, Suckling, and Woodmin. Th6 total damage is estimated at between £1000 and £1100, the whole of which is uninsured. That ammonia may be given in sucn quanti ties as not only to counteract the effect-i of the poison injected into the blood by a snake bite, but also to injure the patient whom it was in tended to benefit, has been shown in the case of a Frenchman named Jacques Lanzon. He waB bitten by a snako on Friday, the 19 th ult., at Anderson's Creek, where he was en gagod as a miner. The man trod on the rep tile, which bit him, and his comrades imme diately set to work dosing him with ammonia and spirits in such quantities that his throat was burnt, and it was considered advisable to remove him to tbe Melbourne Hospital. He was admitted on Suaday, 21st nit., and has been an inmate ever since. He was in a very low state until Friday, 26th ult., when a cVaiga for the better was observed ; and, though he it not yet out of danger, .hopes are entertained of his ultimate recovery from the effects of tke ammonia. According to a Geelong contemporary, who would, of course, bo happy, if able, to tell a very different story, the fair for the sale of oattlo and other stock at the Leigh-road on the 25i.h ult. was a failure. ' It was thought that farmers would bring on the ground samples of their agricultural produce, bat nothing of the sort was forthcoming, and the exhibition of livo stock was very small. Only about fifty head ef cattle aud eight or ten horses were placed in the yards, and these were mostly in very poor condition, and the attendance of the pubho did not exceed a hundred persons. It is said there were no sales effected throughout the day. This was attributed by intending buyers to owners of stock demanding too high prices, and by sellers to no fair or reasonable offers being made to them. The principal show was of store cattle, but they were mostly lean and hollow, denoting the great scarcity of feed in the district. There were, however, eight first rate working bullocks, yai ded by Mr Weber. For these £9 each were offered and refnsed. There wero no pigs or 6heep in the market Probably tbo threatening appearance of the weather in the morning had Bomothing to do with the paucity of attendance. But what ever was tha' cause of the fair tot proving successful, tho committee of management are determined to fairly establish it, if possible, §nd will hold another qip months beoce.' Campbell's Creek is to have a poat-offiue savings bawk from the 1st March. Maryborough has lost one of its oldest re sident* iu the person of Mr John Oiusky. Among the prisoners just now in Deniliquin gaol is a mau who was living in Deniliquin about seven or eight years ago, and known as Dr. , Thome, but now styling himself Eugene Augustus Muhoney, committed from Balranald for passing valueless chtques. He passed valueless cheques at Bourke, on the Darling, and then travelled on by \Vagga Wagga aud Hay, at both of which places ho committed the same offence. Mr; Warden Dowling intimated his inten tion on 2-1 ,h ult. of observing in Talbot the rule he hud laid down and adhered to in the other Courts over which he presides, namely, of not permitting any but lawyers or principals to conduct oases, and stated his cpiuion that in general where the contrary was a'lowed the law obtained was both cheap and bad. Some stupid swagman set fire to a tree on the jyialinabury-roud, near Glenljou, und directly opposite the barn and straw stacks of Mr Tnotnas Mole, farmer, on Saturday morn ing. Iu a short time the tree was in a blaze from bottom to top, and the property was so much endangered that Mr Mole was compelled to get assistance, and chop down the ignited trunk. Happily no damage was done, though a serious disaster was narrowly prevented. The Dayleeford Mercury very properly observes that the careless fellow who caused the fire deserves to be punished. According to the local correspondent o a Gselong contemporary, a moat disgtaseful pro ceeding took place in Drjsdalo on 25th ult., on the: occasion of a wedding. A number of men, about twenty, some of them married and fathers of families, one of them recently being on trial as a local preacher, formed themselves iuto a band to do honor (??) to tho wedding party, their musical instruments being kerosene tins and bullocks' horns.-. -. With those instruments, accompanied by jel's and shouts, they con tinued to anoy the party for about three hours. This shameful proceeding took place near to the police it it ion. A Lamentable Occurrence at the Black' Ranges is reported by an Ararat journal. Two quarrymen were tamping with a-i iron rod, al tnougu they knew it to be dangerous, when an explosion occurred, which injured both. One, John Bryan, sustained much injury ; hia life is| almost; despaired of ; but his mate, Matthew Malony escaped with a few slight bruises. The forefinger of Bryan's left hand, and the little finger of the right hand were amputated above the carpal bone ; and the skull which had been fearfully injured, was examined and dressed. His recovery seems almost hopeless. Bathebs in the Eiver Goulburn are in peril of encountering a variety of the scaly tribe whose ' perambulation* in tho limpid stream ' fas we learn from the local press) are more likely to awaken sensations of awe than admiration. On Sunday a black snake was caught while disporting itself in the river. The attention of a person in a pleasure boat was attracted by the movements of tho reptile. A hot pur suit ensued, and the flying foe received his death blow while attempting to scramble up the steep bank. The snake was of the black species, and measured five feet six inches in length, and seven inches in ciroamference. A Queer Accident occurred at Cobb and Co.'s stables in Lydiard street, Ballarat, re cently, the damage done, however, being but trivial. Several hundred bushels of oats had been stored in the loft over the shops of Messrs Pittard and Meyers, on the ground floor, and the weight being too great for the flooring boards, they gave way, and the masB of grain poured through into the shopg, covering up a lad in Mr Meyers'a premises, and also some of the goods. The lad soon straggled out unhurt, although had he been struck by the boards he might have been in jured. A Mournful yet interesting Hoene was witnessed at the Leigh-road a few days ago, as local journals report. It was a funeral pro cession performed under peculiar circum stances. A fine little boy, aged eight years, son of Mr M'Donald, was attacked by diph theria, and after an illness of four days, died. The child was a pupil of the Wabdallah com mon school, and was so beloved by his scheol follows, both boys and girls, that they one and all, to the number of fifty, followed his re mains to the grave. The little coffin was carried by the four eldest lads of the school, who were followed by the boys aud girls ranged two and two. After these came the adult friends of the parents of the deceased to mark their sympathy for the bereavement they had suffered. The effect of the scene was made the more sad by the weeping of many of the children. A Remarkable Escape from death was that of a boy named William Spears, in Hamilton. He waB opening the lid of a well, and making a slip fell head foremost in. The well is nearly sixty feet deep, and there is about six feet of water in it. Heavy as the fall was the boy managed to recover himself, and the alarm being given, he was raised to the surface of the well by means of the windlass. When he reached the top, aud was nearly rescued from his unfortunate position, a friend standing by attempted to lift him up on the terra forma This well meant assistance, however, was worse than of no effect ; for the friend's hands being too weak, or himself too nervous, ho was un able to land the boy, and let him fall again a second time down the deep sixty-feet hole. After another effort, young Spears was brought to the surface. His body is very much bruised, and one of his ribs is broken, bat he is ex pected to recover. The Inquest held on the 24th ult., at Cobbler's Gully, Hisoocks, on the body of John Uren, who met with his death at one o'clock a.m. the same day, disclosed some very shocking circumstances. While baling water at the Tower of London Gold Mining Company'o claim, where he acted a3 brace man, it is supposed that ho stepped back to avoid the wet and fell down the shaft, 140 feot in depth, foet first, very nearly falling upon a man named John Williams, who was then at the bottom of the shaft. During the descent he foil aguimt a piece of projecting timber, which ripped him open along the entire length of the abdomen, making a horrid gash, through which the whole of tho intesnnes pro truded. He also sustained a compound fracture of both legs and the left arm, and a commi nuted fraoture of the right arm. The body was a moBt sickly and ghastly spectacle. A verdict was returned in accordance with the evidence, but as there was no one on the brace at the time of the accident it is altogether a matter of conjecture how it occurred. The de coassd was a fine young man, twenty years of ogo, and only three years in tbo colony, Mr Fulton, 'J P., Merino, died suddenly on Monday, 22ud February. Mr Draffin, senior, of Smeaton Plains, died on 24th February, from the effects of a horse kick. The Foundation Stone of a new Biptist Chapel was laid iu Watrnaofbool, on the 23rd February. According to a Wangaratta journal the Seven Creeks estate near Euroa, has beon sold to tbe Batik of Australj&iu; by Mr Moss Joshua (of the firm of Joebun Brother*). ' Tnis is one of the largest estates in thu district, and the disposal of it to the bank has settled a long standing dispute.' Mr;Budd, Cnief Inspector of the Board of Education, has just completed an inspection of the Industrial Schools at Sunbury, and speaks highly of their improved management. There are lit present 682 inmates, only 18 being on the tick list. Tne stale of the schools is con sidered more satisfactory thun it has ever been, and the children were in excellent health and spirits'. A fatal accident occurred at the Dry Dig gingw, Castlertniue, 25 ii ult., to a lad named iobotson, nged iibouo 15 years. WhilBt un screwing the break of tha buIJock dray of which he w«s in obarge, one of the animals started, and tae boy was knocked down ; the wheel; of the waggon, which was heavily laden, passed over him, thereby causing almost in stantaneous death. A Handsome Address wa?, on the 23rd ult. presente! by the members of the tx^elcuig United Tradesmen's Lodge of Freemasons, to Mr Edward Iiaight, to mark their appreciation of tlie perneverence and zeal displayed in the discharge of the arduous duties devolving upon bim during the two years (1867 and 1868) he presided over the lodge, and algo to express the high esteem and respect in which he is jiersona ly held by the brethren. The proverb, ' Better late than never,' has received a questionable application, according to the Western Post. Tnat journal relates the following anecdote of the Circumlocution Office : — ' We were told tho other day that an official in the Western District applied to head quarters for leave of absence last November to enable him to spend bis Qhristma? with his friends. He received no reply until a few days ago, when he was informed that his applica tion had been considered and granted. About four months have elapsed since the appliiation was made, so it is well that his friends did not wait dinner on Christmas Day for him.' The false report in reference to the appre hension of Vair has led many to believe that he is still steadily pursuing bis course north ward, and that the rumors of his tramp past Horsham and on in £hat- direction were strictly true. Vair's description is low so , well known by every person that there cannot possibly be any safety for him in the settled districts. As an Ararat contem- ' temporary observes, ' The fugitive may be ; skulking about in deep shafts, but it is by no means! likely he could remain long in suoh a : hiding place. Those who pretend to have ' known Vair, state that he would never stay in suoh a retreat, but is fur more likely to be ? boring along by lonely tracks towards the ' north.' A correspondent recently writing to the ! Ballarat Star described a large blook of ice, ? deposited by the late thunderstorm, which was ' lyiDg somewhere between the Challicum and ' Gorrinn run. Ha described it as something ' over twenty feet in length, and of about the ' same breadth, and nearly twenty inches in thickness. This statement appeared to many ' too Munohausenlike for belief, but the Ararat ? Advertiser now affirms that the account was ' quite correct, and that the block of ioe was ' visited and seen by nearly every resident in the ' neighborhood. ' Some think that the ice may have been an accumulation of the hail from ' the heavy storm referred to, bat the mass ' presented no indication of such a forma- ' tion, being apparently quite solid. The storm did very considerable damage in the neighbor- ; hood. Indeed, it is feared that in some places - all the grass seed has been swept off with the ; surface earth, so that a crop cannot be looked for next year.' '. A case of some interest to brewers and publicans was recently decided at the Malms- ' bury Police Court. Mr Aitken, of Malmabury, ] sued Mr Wall, of the Shire Arms Hotel, Kyne ton, for the value of half a hogshead of ale. The defence was that the beer was bad at the time of delivery, and that notice was immediately given to complainant's manager to take it back. The evidence differed as to the custom of the trade in suoh a case. Mr Wall swore that the Kyneton brewers took back beer when it was bad and allowed for it. Mr Burke, the com plainant's manager, swore that brewers never admitted that beer was bad, but as a matter of ' accommodation to their customers they ex changed beer that ' did not suit ; ' and that : he had offered to do this with defendant, by whom the offer was refused. The bench held that, whatever might have been the custom of the trade, they could not go behind the de livery, and that as defendant admitted having received the beer ho must pay for it, no matter : how bad it might have been. An order was ' made accordingly. A curious instance of ' treasure trovo ' is reported from Hexham. Some four or five years ago an old man named Thomas Barnes, who was then employed at the Boortkoi : Station^ said that he had 'planted' a number of sovereigns and half-sovereigne, amounting to £98 10a, near the banks of the Hopkins, but that on going to look for it he found that the money had been taken away. Some super ficial search was made, bat the gold was not discovered. Suspicion fell on a young man named John Cooper, who had been working on that part of the station. He was known to havo some sovereigns in hia possession, and these were exaggerated by the imagination of several who are more ready to believe a man to be a rogue than otherwise. Coeper, from time to time, received threatening letters on the subject, but nothing could be dono, and the money never turned up. Only lately, after receiving one of these letters, he was driving some sheep to Bullarat, and while camping out on the plains, he dreamed about tho gold. On returning to Hexbara, he resolved to go to the place and explore for himself. Go he did, and ho had scarcely penetrated the soil when he came on the gold, wrapped in decayed tea-chest lead. Without disturbing it farther, he told Mr T. E. Bostock what he had found, and together they picked out the gold, whioh had evidently lain there for a long time, as it wa« encrasted with dirt. The full earn of £98 10a was counted oat. . This happened on the 22 ad alt. Strangely enough, Barnes, who would no doubt have claimed the money, died in Wood f®rcl forest -?n the 2.0th ult^vrQ days, before, A Vineyard and a farm in the Sandhurst district are now to let on the following novel terms : — ' In lieu of rent so many vines to bo planted each year, and leased for such a time as may be agreed upon.' Mr Henry Crow, of Castlemainr, has been presented with a beautiful silver hunter watch by the members of the- WeBleyan Church, as a token of their appreciation of his conduct during the- last twelve years, while acting in tbe capacity of trustee and stewivid - to that church. : According to the Goleraine Albion, the latest news relating to tho flock of scabby sheep at. Rifla Downs, the property of Mr M'Lenn, and which have-been travelling for some months, is that they havn to bo dostroyed immediately by burning.' 'Mr Barclay hus undertaken tho very painful task of destroying them, several of the landed proprietors there having brcomo bondsmen. This is a case fur regret, especially . when it is known that the sWep loft for the journey in a clean st&to;, sonio G000 or 7000 in number.' From aRiverina contemporary we learn, ns an illustration of the utility of the camel, that; goods were lately convoyed on sixty-livw ; camels from Adelaide to Mount Murchison,. Darling R ver, for some stations in that dis trict ; each camel oarried eix hundred weight ; and there were upwards of thirty infant camels. The charge for carriage was £14 per ton. Oar contemporary adds that the camel is the only beast of burden capable of travers ing the arid plains of Riverina in times of drought. :?...? At au inquest held a few days sgo at Sun bury, the body was removed a greater distance than was necessary or wanunted by the rfguJa tions, the. convenience of the coroner biiug deemed of more consequence tLau the feeliuga ot the friends of the deoeased. Mr llicbard Brodio, ab whose house the death occurred, conceiving very rightly that he had cause to complain of the police, hai aldressed a formal complaint to Captain Siandish on the matter. The printed' instructions t» the police require them to convey the body to the nearest inn. For our pa-t, we think that in nine caseB out of ten the body should not be removed at all. As Lonio Ed. Richardson and his son were rabbit hunting at the Chevy Eatato, Walling- ' ton, a few days ago, they sent a ferret into ona of the rabbit holes, and ; as it did not return, ? after waiting a considerable time they began to suspect that something was wrong. Mr ' Riohardson's son hearing an unusual sound, »t length stooped down to look into tho hole, and no sooner had he done so than he started back in a state of terror, exclaiming that there was a snake in the hole, and that it had darted at him, almost striking his face. His father procured a spade, and setting to woik a large green snake was dug out and killed. After digging a little longer the ferret was dis covered quite dead at the extremity of the bur row. On examination, the marks of a snake bite were discovered on the lower jaw of the ferret* which had not been more than forty minutes in tbe hole until it was dug out. ? A RATHER]|comical snake yarn is spun by an Alexandra contemporary: — 'At Ghm Ghin u 3hort time ago, a Mr K ? rushed into Mr James's hotel in an excited and alarmed state; find said that he had been bitten by a snake. Brandy in continuous large doses was applied, and as the patient felt somewhat drowsy, ha then made a will, and gave some v-'rbal instruc tions about his personal property. He fell sound asleep, and awoke a few hours after all right, with the exception of a severe headache, such as is usually produced by getting very drunk. A. medical gentleman, on examining the wound, stated that it was no snake bito, but the prick of a sharp piece of wood, or some thing similar. Mr K ? has threatened those who take this view of the affiir with ;aa assault, and Mr James is still confident that he saved the man's life by his timely administra tion of brandy.' Prosecutions against the holders of lotteries for religious or charitable purposes seem to have some fatality attached to them, by whioh ' . they become quite harmless to the offenders. . To the list of abortive attacks against those pious offenders has to be added a case which wan heard at the Beaufort Police Court on Tuesday, 23rd ult. A couple of months Bince .a bazsaar was established to raise :? funds for the erection of a Presbyterian Church, during which a Mr Gann, a member of tho congregation, opened a raffle for a cushion. The tickets were 2s 61 each, and there wero ' seventeen chances.' Sergeant Chamberlain, instructed by his superiors, went and par chased a ticket, aud recently summoned Mr Gann for illegally commencing a lot tery. The establishment of the lot tery . was admitted by Mr T. M'Derinott, the defending barrister, but he contended that, as the Supreme Court had ruled, it was neces sary that the party proceeded against should have a beneficial interest in the affair to render him amenable to tho law. The bench dis missed the case with £2 2s costs, and in reply to Mr Spread, who conducted the prosecution, intimated that they would assign no reason for their deoision, as it might give a bad precedent ; neither would they state a case for the higher court. Three Chinamen were baptised in the Wes leyan Church, Forest-street, Sandhurst, on the 26th alt. The Rev. W. Hill conducted the eer vibe, and after the ssrmon administered tho rite. Several parts of the service were rendered in Chinese by the Chin-rsa missionary, James Ah Ling. An able and appropriate sermon was preached by the rev. celebrant, from the 12th verse of tho 49 th ohapter of Isaiah, 'And these from the land Sinim,' which was inter preted aa China, and the preacher pronounoed the fulfilment of the prophecy as then in part accamplished. After reviewing the three forms of Chinese faith Mr Hill dwelt hopefully upon the future of Christianity in that country, through the access afforded by Chinese settle ment in theso colonies. The names severally adopted by the now converts aro Matthew, Pater and Piiilip. We note that tho Itov. Me Stanr, of St. Arnaud, recently receivod unother Chinaman into the Christian Church. Tho rev. gentleman said that the candidate had been for some ten months desirous of receiving baptism, which he bad delayed administering on account of the difficulty ho had experienced in arriving at a conclusion as to his kuowledgo of the Christian doctrine. The Chinaman's utter ignorance of Euglish, added to his own want of knowledge of Chinese, had at first ap peared an unsurniountable difficulty. By the assistance of one of his oountrytnon (James), who was baptised about eighteen mouths since, this difficulty had been removed ; and he was now satisfied that the candidate's acquaintance ? with the matter and dootriuo of the New Tes tament ;was suoh as would put t.o shame many professing Christians, A Fobesters' Hall is to be erected at Bailarat. It iB ea'.d tliat Mr T. H. Pritohard haa re sigaed his appointment in connection with the courts at Beaufort. A Silver Tkowel, suitably inscribed, is to bo presented to the &9V. James Bickford as a memorial of his laying the foundation-stone of a new WeBleyan Church at Newlyn. At Ravenswood, near Mount Duneed, S. Lowe, gentleman f armor, was found dead on his farm about half a mile from his re&ilence;, on Saturday evening. Disease of the heart. Sebastopol has declined to as3i-it the Bal lurat Intercolonial Exhibition, fancying that it will not succeed. This ia the way to prevent its success. Thb Daylesford Mercury states that Bal larab speculators bave taken up a great deal of ground in that district, but do not show many signs of intending to work their claims. A Testimonial consisting of a gold enp and an engrossed address is to bo presented to Mr Thomas Gray, their late munager, by the shareholders of the St. George United Company. One of the axloa of the mail van attachod to the laat train from Ballarat to Melbourne on Mondny evening bocaine so heated that at Geelong tho mail boxes had to be removed to another carriage. A Large: Tbee on the Murray. river bank latoly fell down upoa a party of men belonging to one of tho nnagging parties. The 'tops' of the tree completely surrounded four or live of tho men, but strange to say nobody received any injury beyond a few scratches. Thb LandBborough people, through their local journal, the Times, complains of having lioou neglected by tho Government, especially iu the matter of the administration of justice. Why don't the people make a business- like ap plication to the Gjvernmont ? Mb Miller, the well known solicitor of Elackwood, expired on Sattmlny last. Tho de ceased Bnstainctii a severe injury about the re gion of tho abdomen through a fall from his horse., and it was found neceEsary to have recourse to a painful operation. Says the Daylesford Mercury :— ' Mr 'VVilkinH, butcher, of Vincent-btreet uouth, has a canary tbnt not only sings, but at times pronounces tlae words '' Pretty Jt-ny.' Though mot tho only bird of tho kind in the colony ithat can talk a little, canaries of the kind are a rarity.' So we should think. During the hearing of a ohargo against Ah Ghoong, a Chinaman,' at the Sandhurst Police ?Court, on Monday, Mr Shiress, assayer to the Bank of New South Wales, gave some very in teresting evidence respecting the manufacture of spnriou? gold by the Celestials. He said that ithoy were in the habit of purchasing books 'of gold leaf from the painters, and making lead into a granulated form, which they covered with gum water, and then shook it up in a Hiottlo or bag with the gold leaf, turning out to .?nil appearance, in the words of the prisoner, ?*' welly good gold.' The sudden death of George Payne, farmer, of Muddy Creek, near Hamilton, on the 13th February, exoi ted no little local interest. An inquest was held upon the body, and a post mortem examination rendered it evident that the man had not died from natural causes. Tho coroner ordered tho stomaoh of deceased with its oontents to bo despatched to the Go vernment analyst lor ins. report tuereon, ana 'pending the receipt of this, he adjourned the inquest. A Hamilton journal now asaerts that poison sufficient to cause death was found in the stomach, and that a warrant has been issued for the arrest of Mrs Payne. An extraordinary and fatal accident oc curred on the 25th ult., in the immediate ?vicinity of Maldon, by whioh a fine lad, named Carter, between eighteen and twenty years of «gc, was almost instantly deprived of life. According to report, a party of young men, mil intimate friends, were playing at some game in the moonlight, in tho direction of 3jong Gaily, and deceased (Garter), running at great speed, camo violently against young Marry Cousins, whose extended arm or elbow -caught bim in tho stomaoh, and in spite of all ;tho efforts of friends and of tho medical gen tlemen who were promptly in attendance, poor ?Curter, in less than ten minutes, was a corpse A Fatal Accident occurred on Monday at the bathiog place on the beach at Queenscliff. The deceased, John Murphy (a native of Dublin), was a waiter at Leihy's Hotel, and left at half-past five a.m. for the purpose of loathing. Shortly afterwards Mr A'Beckottand a ifriend heard the deceased screaming, and saw him apparently holding on to the chain, ?which is etretohed across a very dangerous ?opening. A rope was at onoe thrown to him, Ibut he appeared too paralysed with fear to attempt to catch it, and the force of the strong ebb tide gradually drew him outside, where before any further help could be ren dered he was drowned. Tho body has been recovered. Some years ago a Miss Jones lost her life nt this spot, and tho Borough Council flhonld have prohibited any one bathing there in future. Dan. Sullivan, an incorrigible drunkard from Blanket 1'lnt, Daylesford, has just been sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Ai the local journal observes, ' this man's history is a molancholy illustration of the effects of habitual intoxication. Originally a storekeeper in good circumstances, he and his ?wife acquired intomperato habits, that in volved the pair in ruin. Sho died about two years ago, worn out by incessant hard drinking, and though he still lives, ho has in a cer tain st-nso swallowed everything that he onoe possessed. He has already rooeived several scntonoes for drunkenness, varying from one ts six months, audit would bo charity to koop him permanently in custody. Ha is now almost deaf, and should he live much . ooger, will no doubt become a candidate lor lhe Yarra Bend.' An Accident, by which two persons were nearly killed, happened in the Hospital reserve, Daylesford, on Friday, 26th ult. ' A man and his wife had taken their son, as an out patient, in a cart to the institution. When aboat to return homo, the mother and boy took their seats, and the father was endeavoring to plaoo the wiukers on the horse's head, but be fore ho could get tho bit in tho mouth of the animal, it bolted at a furious pace. In a few seconds tho cart struck some object, turned completely over, nnd of course throw the lad and his mother out with great violence. They wero carried iuto tho hospital, 'whero Dr M'Gcogor found, on examination, that the youug ouffdror was mnoh hurt about the head, and the other one badly shaken. The boy was left iu the ward, but as the poor woman was nour her confinement, aho was removed to her residence jn a spring van,' ' ? * A Meeting is called for noon on Monday, 8th R^urch, at the Forest Hotel, Border Land Mills, Bullarook, to take into consideration the necessity of active measures being taken to form an association for the prevention of bush fires ;j to raise a fund for the relief ol suf-; forersj by the recent fireB ; and to arrange for offoririg rewards for the conviction of persons wilful)y or negligently causing fires in the dis trict. : At ; Sandhurst, Ballarat, and probably eorae other ap country townB, the lessees or proprie tors of certain places of amusement have been bidding for custom by announcing tho intended performance of the infamous Can- can. Tho bait has generally ttiken so far as to secure a 'good' house, although it would Boem — or, at all events, it is said— many of tho audience go simply to express their virtuous! indignation. Having secured their audience, tho purveyors of the;entertainment care not to come into col lision; with the authorities by exhibiting the, actual Can- can, but they, do exhibit a travestie of it, tho gestures and movements of which are quite as disgustingly silly, except to those who have gone far towards mere animalism. The hands of the law officers don't soem.to be long ennngh, somehow. We regret to learn from tho Bendlgo Even ing News that Mr J. O'Loughlin, barrister, who some years ago was in very good practice at Sandhurst, but afterwarda emigrated toiNew . Zealand, where he mot with some reverses, and from whence he returned to this oniony not long since, enfeebled in mind and body — a com plete wreck — was brought up before the Sand hnrat bench on Tuesday, charged by the police with being of unsound mind. ' He was ordered to be sent to the Yarra Bend, and thus virtually terminates the career of a gentleman possessed of many good qualities, and not de void of natural abilities, who has fallen another victim to the seductive influence of those drinking custems that are too frequently the baub ot our colonial society, and too often nriug about tho downfall of some of oar best men.' In con sequence of complaints made that dif ferent areas granted nt- Woodeud for race course, botanic and recreation purposes, were not being used for the- purposes for which they were granted, Mr HoJgkinsou within the last few days visited the neighborhood and as certained that the botanical gardens reserve was occupied by a farmer who had ploughed and cultivated the whole of the land, and also that the racecourse reserve had been let for six years to a butcher, who employed it simply for grazing cattle. The result of Mr Hodgkin son's visit will be that all the reserves which comprise really good land will be thrown open for selection under the Land Act, and thus made of real servica. At the same time the public need not suffer, as if there be a real ne cessity for reserves for public recreation, they will be proclaimed. According to local reports, quite a good sized batch of Albury residents, pilgrim -fathers and single men*, will soon start for the Fiji Islands; and the fact seems to have inspired the Albury Banner with sangnine ideas of annexation.' The last news reports homesteads destroyed, and native laborers on plantations tomahawked by their copper-colored relatives ; but' we are informed on good authority that the particular islands to which tho Albury people are bound have not been the scene of any such outrage. It would be well to agitate for the annexation of these fine islands, aa an outlet for Australian produce, while they are avail able. By last advices the Government of the United States speaks of the annexation of the Sandwich Islands as ' a matter whioh must assuredly come to pass at no distant day,' and it is not likely that America would Btop short of the Fijis if she once gets a position in the South Pacific.' There is a growing impatience at the delay of his Royal Highness in announcing the in dividuals upon whom it iB her Majesty's plea sure to bestow the well-won guenion of at tention to her son. Probably, by way of gently urging his Royal Highness, a Sandhurst con temporary goes so far as to suggest the direction in which the star of royal favor should shine. ' We heard a rumor which was current in Saud hurst, Tuesday, but we scarcely credit its truth fulness, that hia Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh has been commissioned by her . Majesty to confer the ? new order' of knight -hood on the following persons :— The hon. Mr M'Culloch, Chief Secretary; Mr Butters, ex Mayor of Melbourne ; Mr de Bruoe Johnstone, ex-Mayor of Geelong ; Messrs Stenfield and Davy, ex-Mayors of Ballarat East and West ; and Mr John M'Intyre, ex-Mayor of Sand hurst.' A capital stroke that last, in favor of ' our noble Bolves.' ? Visibors to Spring Creek describe the dust of thai locality as a frightful nuisance, but it ap pears that to residents it sometimes becomes fatal. A correspondent of the Bendigo Inde pendent tells the following touching Btory of Spring Creek life and death : — ' Having occasion to call on an old acquaintance, he tapped at the door, and a faint voice desired him to go round to the back. He did so, and espying a door half open he went in, when hia eye rested upon a coffin. Behind the door, sitting down with his head resting upon his hands, was a man emaciated and almost ghost like in appearance. To the gentleman's sym pathising inquiry tho man replied that he had buried his wife a few days previously, that the coffin in the roon contained the remains of his son, and that he felt that iu a few dayB he should ^himself ? drift out to that un known sea whioh is rouud all the world.' He ascribed tho death of his wife and son, and his own illness, to the effeot of inhaling the all pervading and horrible dust of the diggings, and our informant says that tho last time he saw his acquaintance (a few weeks back) he was as hale aud as hearty a man as ho would wish to see.' At the annual colebration of St. David's Day, whioh took plaoe at Ballarat on Monday ovening, the proceedings seem to have been characterised by a more moderate exaltation of the national sentiment than ia usual on such occasions. Ono gentleman, to be sure, camo out rather strong in the patriotic line. ' Ho had faith,' ho said, ' in the unlimited re sourebs of this land of our adoption,. of this empiro in embryo, and he believed that the infusion of the Welsh element would be \the making of it.' Another speaker, quite* as patriotic no doubt, wa8 more cosmo politan, and observed, very sensibly in deed, that 'the question of most in terest to Welshmen was not bo muck what their ancestors had been aa what tho peoplo now were, what they ought to be, and what the speaker trusted they would be.' This. very sen sible gontlomau, whose name is Davis, farther urged upo» fcis cowtrymeo to ^ oopy tri) that was good aud virtuous in their Euglish friends imitating their energy and undsunted perse verance.' Considering that these bold cosmo politan sentiments were aotually uttered by » Welshman to Welshmen met together to celebrate the glorias of fatherland, they deserve notice and commendatiou. 0' course our Welsh brethren are just as much eutitled to their St. David's day as the Irish are to St. Patrick's, and the Scotch to St. An drew's ; and it may be too much to expect that during the present generation tho Irishmen in the colony, or the Scotchmen or Welshmen either, will forego any opportunity of indniging in a little national bunkum ; but wo trust that the next generation will have developed a com mon Australian feeling, in which tho virtues of each constituent nationality will be preserved, while its rancoronsness is forgotten and lost. It oppoars that a great extent of damage was done to tho telegraph linos between Sandhurst ani Melbourne and Boecbwortb and Melbourne by the gale of Thurt day morning. All communication on the main lines between ,S mdhurst and Castlemaine, and between Kilmore. and Melbourne was intercepted. A quantity of business was sent from .'Sandhurst to Melbourne and Castle raaine via Adelaide by the new Wontwortb line from Deniliquin, this being the onl) route left ; Sydney and Beeohworth alao avail ing themselves of the same route. A painful case of domestic 3trife was dis olosed at the Ballarat Police Court on Wed nesday during the hearing of the case Eliza Batch v. James F. Batch, a summons for maintenance. The parties were man and wife, and had separated some months ago, the husband agreeing to allow his wife, who had three children, £1 per week. This he had not done for the last two weeks. The wife stated that sho could not live with her hus band on account of the ill usage sho had re ceivod from him, while the husband's version of the cauao of separation was that Mra Batch had been guilty of improper conduct. This accusation the wife dented, but said that she had admitted it to nor husband because be stood over her and threatened to take her life if she denied it. Tlie bench made an ordor for 20a per week for twelve months, telliDg the defendant to bring the matter again before the court if the plaintiff was ever guiity of im proper conduct. 