THURSDAY, MARCH i, 1869. I o Wo have already pointed out that society, by limiting its punishment of criminals to the deprivation, for a longer or shorter term, of their liberty, very inadequately fulfils a duty which it owes to itself as the sufferer of a wrong at the hands of the persons convicted. The original injury it sustains is, in reality, aggravated instead of atoned for by the imprisonment of the male- factor, since it is charged with the burden of his support during the whole term of his incarceration ; while he not unfrcquently enjoys greater com- forts than fall to the lot of honest poverty outside tho walls of the prison. The impolicy and in- equity of such a proceeding have long been apparent to men of enlightened minds; but the irrational prejudices against the so-called competition with prison labour which have prevailed among the wage-earning classes, havo hitherto stood in the way of any com- prehensive schemo for rendering our penal establishments self-supporting. Until they are so, society is liable to Ithe reproach of taxing its industrious and reputable members for the main- tenance in partial idleness or unpro ductive occupation of those who have violated its laws, and who entail [ upon it the necessity and cost of organ ' ising and supporting a police force to watch over ita safety, and to protect it from violence and depredation. That 1 prisons maybe rendered self-supporting has been demonstrated in England, and the example is of very recent date. On the authority of a well-known writer in Frasers Magasine for December last, it I is stated that the estimated expenditure lof the convict prison at Chatham, in Kent, for the year ending the 31st of ! March last, was £35,315 18s., of which ino less than £13,382 13s. 3d. was dis- bursed in salaries and wages. There was a daily average of 990 prisoners engaged upon the works, and the gross value of their labour was £10,898 7s. Ma., being £5,582 8s. lljd. in excess ol the total expenditure. Thus, it will be seen that the convicts not merely yarned their own food and clothing, but that they also defrayed by their labour the whole of the establishment charges, as is but just, seeing that the existence of a criminal class is the only reason why there should be such esta- blishments, and that every warder, clerk, or turnkey, represents so much ability and strength withdrawn from the productive forces of society. At Port- land Prison, where the daily average of convicts is considerably higher than at Chatham, numbering 1,213 men, the value of the work performed during the year ending as above was £40,601 13s. 2d., and the total expenditure £45,724 7s. 8d. j imposing a charge of little more than £5,000 upon the revenue. In the latter island the convicts were chiefly engaged in quarrying and dressing stone for the Govern- ment dockyards in Kent and Hamp- shire ; while at Chatham upwards of 17,000,000 bricks were made by prison labourers j and the schedules, according to which the value of their work was cal- culated, was such as had been approved of by the Admiralty and the War de- partment. Much has been done at Pentridge, in a systematic and efficient way, by the late head of the Penal department, to render that prison self-supporting, and high praise is due to that gentleman for the zeal and vigour with which he conceived and executed his plans j but with these English precedents before our eyes, and with tho know- ledge of what is being accomplished in the same direction by some of the American states, we ought not to rest satisfied until we have shifted on to the shoulders of our convicts the entire burden of their own support. * Admit- ting that a small per-centage only of the criminal classes falling under the ban of the law would bo capable of per- forming any description of skilled labour, the residue would be found very teach- able, as has proved to be the case both at Chatham and Portland, In the latter prison, " all work performed by " the convicts is done under the imme " diate supervision of six instructing " warders, one belonging to each trade ;" and it is said that the most unskilful convict needs but a month's training to render him a serviceable operative of some kind. Besides the immediate benefit of pri- son labour to the community, by reliev- ing the public of the cost of maintain- ing convicts, there is a prospective gain to be anticipated from the improved habits and conduct of some at least of the prisoners when they receive their discharge. The men who entered the gaol with no special qualifications for any honest employment, will leave it furnished with the means of earning a reputable livelihood ; and, generally, the accustoming of convicts to active occu- pations-methodically pursued, and pro- ductive of tangible results-will be likely to exercise a favourable influence upon them after they regain their free- dom ; while the incorrigibly criminal, compelled to earn the bread they eat so long as they are under re- straint, will find imprisonment much more irksome under those circum- stances than when it entails no such penalty. There is a moral gain, there- fore, as well as a material one, to be derived from the adoption of this sys- tem of compulsory convict labour. In this colony, prison labour ought to be utilised to the fullest extent, and might be so with peculiar advantage to the community. With so many public works urgently requiring execution, we ought not to suffer a single able- bodied prisoner to eat the bread of idleness ; and although out-of-door employment would involve a heavier cost of supervision, this increased charge should devolve upon the convicts themselves-should be defrayed, as at Chatham, by their labour. If the latter, under these cir- cumstances, should prove to be ex- cessive, so much the worse for the criminal. Society owes him no con- sideration beyond humane treatment, and must primarily consult the interests and feelings, not of the wrongdoer, but of those whom he has wronged, and who, because of that wrongdoing, are subjected to the heavy expense of capturing, trying, lodging, and keep- ing him. When he is mode to under- stand that every infraction of the law will bo visited by something moro than the transgressor's loss of liberty-that it will be followed by a period of hard work, to be shortened or extended in proportion to the alacrity and industry which ho exhibits-he will perhaps arrive at the conclusion that it would be a more sensible and profitable proceeding on his part, to adopt an honest occupation outside the walls of the prison, for his own benefit, than to render himself liable to compulsory labour under a taskmaster he cannot escape from or lemonstrate with in sido its walls. Tho Duko of Edinburgh ycstorday per- formed the ceremony of laying one of tho Corinthian capitals of the town-hall in its place at the south-cast corner of tho building. Caro was taken to provont the public knowing that an j thing unusual was about to take place, and shortly after one o'clock Hia Royal Highness walked down from the club vtith Captain Standish, and entered the enclosure without having beon observed by moro than ono or two persons. When the Itoyal ttandard was hoisted, however, and a number of gentlemen appeared on thi scaffolding, a considera We .crowd collected at the intersection of Collins and Swanston streets, and tho now-familiar form of His Royal Highness was soon distinguished by the spectators in the streots. Tho Priaco was received by tlio mayor, with Aldermen Harbison, Story, and Wraggo ; Councillors Butters, Reed, Sanders, Fonwick, A. K. Smith, O'Orady, M'Pherson, and Anderson, and the town clerk and city treasurer. Tho Duke having been introduced by the mayor to Messrs. Reed and Barnes, the archi- tects, and Messrs. Lawrence and Cain, the contractors, was conducted over the build- ing, and had a full opportunity of observing the rapid progress which has been rnado in tho structura since ho laid the foundation stone, some fourteen months ago. Tho coro mony of laying the capital in its placo on tho column occupied but a few minutes. The capi- tal, which is a very beautiful specimen of tho carver's art, is the work of Mr. Geo. Broad- bent, and its weight is two tons and a half. The Princo afterwards took some refresh- ment in another part of the building, and soon afterwards returned on foot to the club. By this timo the Eoyal presonco had become generally known, and in tho Duke's walk up Collins-street the boy nuisance was again made unpluasantly manifest. In tho after- noon His Koyal Highness visited the Mel- bourne Crickot-ground to soo the match bo tween tho oflicers of the Galatea and Garrison and tho Aboriginals ; and in tho evening ho attended Mr. Walter Montgomery's recitals at St. George's-hall. Ho proceeds to tho Geelong races this morning by express train. It is understood-as wo aro glad to leam that before leaving the colony tho Duke of Edinburgh will lay the foundation-stono of the Prince Alfred Hospital. A splendid silver trowel has been prepared by Mr. Edwardsi silversmith, of Collins-street, and will bo presented as an offering on the occa- sion. Permission has kindly been givon for the attendance of the band of tho 14th Regiment, and thoy will bo re- lieved at intervals by tho band of tho Galatea Tickets continue to he applied for very" freely. A limited number of admission cards, it is proposed, will bo issued for tho gallery at a fee of one guinea each. A new iden, wo beliovo, is to be embodied in the cards, for in a crowd so great as that which may be expected to fill the hall, the accidental separation of friends is almost certain to occur. In such a caso a certain pillar, according to its number, will be named on the card as a place of rendezvous. The idea appears to be a good one. His Excellency the Governor formally opened the Fine Arts Exhibition at Geelong jesterday. It consists of pictures, &c;, lent by the owners for the purpose of being exhibited in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, tho entrance fees going to wipe off the debt upon the building. The idea has been mainly carried out through the energy of Mr. B. W Wheatland, the secretary, whose exertions have so roused the local possessors of pic- ton es worth seeing that they have responded readily to his call. The consequence is an exhibition of remarkable merit, and its open- ing constituted yesterday's coremony. His | Excellency tho Governor went to Geelong by the midday tiain, and after a private in | spection of the gallery, revisited it at four p.m., when it was crowded by a brilliant as- semblage of ladies and some of the leading citizens. His Excellency then formally do clared tho place open, which event was further celebrated by some choral performances not remarkably meritorious. A congratulatory address, beautifully illuminated on vellum, was presented by Mr. T, N. Couves, the mayor, and piesident of tho Mochanics' In- stitute Committeo, to tho Governor, and His Excellency replied in utting torms, ox piessing his high opinion of the Exhibition, The very large number of good pictures in the gallery is likely to mako it a consider- able attraction to visitors for some time to como. His Excellency remained in Geelong for the night. By permission of His Royal Highness tho Duke of Edinburgh, the hand of the Galatea will peiforra this evening at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, when the performances will be for the benefit of Miss llosina Caran dini. His Koyal Highness is also likely to attend tho thcfitrc in tho evening, returning from Geelong races for that purpose. On the proposition of tho first vote in Com- mittee of Supply last evening, Mr. Langton moved that the Chairman report progress, in order that ho might have an opportunity of reviewing the financial statomeut of the Treasurer. In the course of his remarks, ho contended that the reductions which had been made wore due to his own exposure of the condition of the finances of the colony ; that many of the figures, and consequent con- clusions, of Sir. M'Culloeh wero erroneous ; and that whatever increaso may have takon place in the exports of the colony was solely due to the increase in gold, wool, and tallow; whilst the intercolonial trade had materially declined. Mr. M'Culloeh briefly replied, but little interest appeared to be taken in the debate, as no one joined in it with the excep- tion of Mr. Francis,'and before ho had con- cluded his few remarks there wore cries of "Question," lion, members being apparently anxious to proceed with the Estimates. The Chief Socretary stated, in the Legisla- tive Assembly last evening, that as soon as possible tho Government intended to intro- duce a series of resolutions relative to the compensation of members of Parliament. Two important notices of motion wero given last night in the Legislative Assembly -one hy Mr. lUwes, to the effect that in tho opinion of the House it is desirable that a hill bo brought in to reduco the amount set apart for the salaries of responsible Ministers of the Crown horn £14,000 to £10,000 por annum ; and ouo by Mr. Berry, having for its object the granting of a sum of £1,000 to the widow and children of the late Mr. Eoott. I The sittings of the Waterworks Committee were continued yesterday, and the examina- tion of Mr. Christopherson, relative to the charges made by Mr. Higinbotlmm, was pro- ceeded with as foi as Mooney and Robertson's conti act. "Wo understand that a great doai of feeling is manifested by some membors of tho committee, and that Mr. Christopherson^ replies are not so full and explicit as could bo desired. Tho committee meets again this . morning at eleven o'clock. I Tho Rakaia, tho last of tho steamers of tho Panama line which will bring a mai), arrived at Sydney yesterday afternoon, and a sum- ] mary of the news, as telegraphed by our cor- respondent, appears in another column, Hor dales from Europe and America are not so late by eight days as the telegrams brought by the Suez mail a fortnight ago. There aro a number of interesting itoms, however, which are given more in detail, whilst sorao aro entirely now. The battle between tho Paraguayans and Brazilians was said to bo altogether in favour of tho lattor by tho Suez telegram, whilst the present news is to the effect that, though tho battle was severe, and resulted in great carnage, neither side obtained an advantage. Tho Australian ' claimant of tho Tichboarno baronetcy, who went to South America to collect ovidence as lo his identity, seems to have, lost himself in ] Chili, and the commission woro preparing to return to England without him. The Pacific railroad bad progressed so rapidly that trains were running fiom Kew York to within COO miles of San Francisco, and a timely dis co\ery of coal bud bi*en made, which would tend greatly to make the enterprise a great success. A telegram was leccivedyesterday by the agenth of the Panama Steamship Company hero, to the effect that the passengers for Melbourne by the s s. Rakaia would hj for- warded from Sidney by the Wonga Wonga, und the cargo also, if that wero possible. The Wonga Wonga would sail from Sydney today. Melbourne and its vicinity was yesterday morning visited by one of the most severe dust-storms which have ever been experienced in the colony. Old colonists of thirty years' standing declare that they never witnessed anything approaching to it. About half-past three o'clock, the wind commenced to rise, blowing from the north-east and occasionally veering round to the north-west; but it was not until shortly after seven o'clock that the full force of the gale, or hurricane, as it may be more correctly termed, commenced. At that time the city and its en- virons became enveloped in an impe- netrable cloud of dust, and the wind swept along with a velocity and force almost inconceivable. The sky was darkened by the dense clouds of dust which were hurried rapidly along ; in the inside of dwelling houses it became impossible to distinguish one article from another, and numbers of persons felt convinced that some alarming convulsion of nature was at hand. For nearly two hours the wind maintained its violence, and, with but few intermissions, the clouds of dust their density. At Brighton, St. Kilda, and Emerald-hill, the storm ap- pears to have been particularly severe. Trees in some of the unoccupied land at Brighton and also in some of the paddocks, were torn up by their roots, whilst the branches of others were scattered in every direction. At all these places iron or zinc roofs of houses or outbuildings were torn away, and doubled up as though they were so many sheets of paper, and grave apprehensions were enter- taincd for the safety of the buildings them- selves. At Emerald-hill several chimneys were blown down, and we are informed that one small cottage was levelled with the ground. A providential escape from death was expe- rienced by a little boy, the son of Mr. Henry J. Smilh, at Anderson- street, Emerald-hill. During one of the most violent bursts of the storm a window in one of the front apart- ments of the house was blown violently into the middle of the room, and fell on the little fellow, who had just got out of bed, the glass being shivered into thousands of pieces. Fortunately, a rather high stool was in the way, which prevented tho full force of the blow coming on the boy, and although knocked down, he suffered no injury, with the exception of a sprained leg and a few slight cuts about the body. Had it not been for the stool he must have been killed. A well-informed correspondent, who sign himself "Acclimatiscr," writes to us as foi lows, in reference to tho sparrow question : "I observo, in your Parliamentary report, that tho Attorney-General is in doubt as to whether sparrows aro protected by the Fisheries and Game Statute, because thoso birds aTe not specifically mentioned in tho act. "With your permission, I wish to draw tho Attorney-General's notice to the sixth schedule of that act, where it states that'all birds not indigenous to Australia, and their produce' are protected. If this clause does not include sparrows, then suroly words have no meaning. Babbits never havo been protected, nor wero they introduced by the Acclimatisation Society; but hares are protected by the act, I am thankful to say, or else we should have creatures like Harbison very quickly destroying them." AJ deputation-consisting of the Mayor of Brighton, Councillors Crisp and Harbison, and Mr. Webb-had an interview yesterday with tho Commissioner of Public Works re- specting the oxtension of the Yan Yean main to Brighton. It was stated by the de- putation, that in 18G6 Mr. Verdon had pro- mised that after the main to Preston was completed, the supply would be extended from St. Kilda to the borough mentioned. Mr. M'Crae said he was convinced of tho necessity of the extension advocated, and he would tako caio that Brighton should bo one of the first places supplied. At presont, however, no pipes wero available. Ho would have tho extension carried out as soon as pos- sible. "We are informed that tho schooner Laugh- ing Wave, which arrived a fow days ago from Western Austialia, with a cargo of the well-known Jarrah wood of that colony, is built of that material, and has been sont round to this colony, consigned to Mr. J. B. Were (who acted for the colony of Weston! Australia in connexion with the last Inter colonial E>l)ibilion), to show what can bo done with that mateiial. She is now open for inspection at the wharf, nearly opposito the Melbourne Gasworks. She was built and loaded at Geogiaphe Bay. The meeting of the Australasian Woollon Mill Company, announced to bo held yes- terday, lapsed, owing to a sufficient num- ber of shareholders not being in attendance. The meeting was further adjourned. The second annual meeting of the sub- scribers to tho Freemasons' charitable institu- tions of Victoria was hold last evening, at the Masonic-hall, Lonsdale-street. Brother John James, P.D.G.S.W., occupied the chair. The minutes of the last meeting having been lead and adopted, the bon. secretary (Brother A. Ellis) read the report for the year 1808. From this document it appeared that although the halanco in the hands of the committee was only £112s. 4d., yet tho amount of sub. scriptions and donations had been sufficient to maintain the institution efficiently. Tho report stated that, with tho view of enlarging and impioving tho buildings, a circular had been sent to tho various chapters and lodges thioughout the colony, soliciting their assist- ance and support. Brother li. T. Tracy, M.D., and Brother E. M. James had ac- cepted the respective offices of honorary phy- sician and honorary surgeon. Ono of the inmates of the institution had died dur- ing the year, and had been buried at the expense of the general fund. Bro- ther Price had made over to tho institu- tion certain proporty belonging to him, sub- ject to his own and his wife's life interest therein. The balance-sheet staled that the receipts for tho year amounted to £78 10s. 4d.> and tho expenditure to £C714s., leaving a balance in tho hands of tho treasurer of £11 2s. 4d. On tho motion of Brother A. P. Por- tel, the report and balance-sheet were adopted. The secretary stated that, in response to circulars, moneys and promises amounting to ¡C3D had been received from the chapters and lodges, and ho expected that a much larger sum would yet be forwarded. Brother Gold- stein moved (in the absence of Brothor Aaions) " that the electivo number of tho committee of management be reduced from twenty-one to twelve." After some dis- cussion the motion was negatived. Tho following gentlemen wero then elected members of committee ¡-Brothers Banvick, Curran, Craig, Caro, C. B. Demaine, W. Elms, J. Edwards, sen., M. Goldstein, H. G. do Gruchy, J. James, M. Johnston, W. Law, T. H. Lempriero, J. C. Lowrie, M. Wallach, C. li. Martin, A. T. Porter, M. Simcock, J. Zevenbooni, and J. Waterman. The audi- tor appointed were Messrs. S. Lazarus, It. Lovick, and S. Wallworth. Tho offices of treasurer and hon. sec. wero respectively filled by Brothers J. Aarons and A. Ellis, Brother Porter thought that the ordor was indebted to the hon. secretary, Brother Ellis, for the very great services ho had rendered to tbo institution, and he moved-" That the thanks of tho meeting bo accorded to him, and engrossed in the minutes of tho proceedings." 'Iho motion was carried, as was also one thanking Brother Prico for his bequest. The pioceediugs wero terminated by the usual comnlimentary vote to tho chairman. St. Georgo's-hall was crowded to its ut- most extent last night, with an audionco that more than ordinarily jastiüed the de- signation of brilliant. The occasion was the nttraction of Mr. Montgomery's admirable recitals, and the prcbenco of tho Duke of Edinburgh. His . Royal- Highness arrived punctually to the time, and was accom imtiied by tho lion. Eliot Yorke and Captain Standish. A large crowd hod assembled lound the doors of the bau, and the rocep lion of the Prince, both outsido and on his entiy into the hall, was enthusiasticall loyal. It is almost needless to say that tho selection of pieces by Mr. Montgomery was, as usual, in excellent taste, and 'his delivery of thom characterised by the same earnest feeling and appro- priate expression as invariably distin- guish his elocutionary efforts. The solee" tions consisted of "Tho Address to the Playors," the soliloquy from "Hamlet," "The Dream of Clarence," "Queen Mab," the Dog- berry and Verges scene, "Tho Bells," "The Bloomsbury Christening," and .'Waterloo," from "Childe Harold," With all of these the public is moro or less familiar, but the sceno from "Much Ado About Nothing'" may bo mentioned as especially instancias that wonderful power Mr. Montgomery pos- sesses of thoroughly realising exceptional characters. He presorved with extraordinary individual force the different tones of voice presumably belonging to Dogberry, Verge* and the two constables, and from tho genuine merriment manifested by the audience it seemed as though tho scene were listened to by a good many for the first time. The marvellous facial mobility shown in his rendering of " The Bloomsbury Christoning" was a very triumph ol the power of phy- siognomic expression. Mr. Montgomery's efforts called forth prolonged applause, and the timo passed so agreeably that the pro- gramme was ended all too soon. Last night the reunion of the Melbourne German Society and the German Liedertafel for the celebration of their united anni- versaries, came off most successfully at Hockin's Assembly-rooms. The first-named of these societies, having for its object the cultivation of the social amenities amongst our German fellow-citizen[s], by means of meetings for literary, charitable, and other purposes, has now been in existence over fifteen years, and during that period has pursued an unostentatious career of great usefulness. It may be interesting to note that tho German Liedertafel owes its re- suscitation to the first visit of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, in whose honour the memorable torchlight procession was under- taken. The company of vocalists thus brought together to celebrate a single event very wisely detcrmined upon organising their forces for regular practice. The society so formed is now one of the best in Melbourne ; indeed, their concerts under the able leadership of Herr Sprinkhorn have always been looked for- ward to with special interest by all lovers of good music. On the present occasion the entertainment commenced with a concert by the ladies and gentlemen of the Liedertafel, and included the brilliant and effective over- ture by Auber, the "Maurer and Schlosser," for the full orchestra. Among the vocal pieces some choice morceaux by Mendelssohn, C. L. Fisher, and R. Schumann were admirably sung, while most of the other pieces, includ- ing the lively Liedertafel polka for men's voices, were worthy of the highest commenda- tion. On the conclusion of the concert the company sat down to supper. The usual loyal toasts, and success to the united so- cieties, having been suitably proposed by the president -- Mr. W. A. Brahe -- and duly honoured by the company, other toasts, in- cluding "Kindred Societies," and "The Ladies," followed, after which dancing com- menced, and was going on with great spirit when we went to press. Greensborough is again threatened with an outbreak of small-pox. A fresh case was yesterday afternoon officially reported to Dr. McCrea as having occurred there, and he at once went out to examine the patient. We have not yet learned the result of his visit. We aTe informed that Mr. A. R. Macdonald, Knockando, and Mr. Wm. Smith, one of the directors of the Victoria Fire and Marine Insurance Company, aro candidates for the two vacancies at the board of the Colonial Bank. Wo regret to learn from Sydney, by tele- gram, that tho Chamber of Commerce there has, after discussion, decided against tho pro- posed Customs union. The jury of four causes in tho Supreme Court are being rapidly disposed of, nono of the cates being obstinately defended. Yes- terday there were two actions defended, one Wilson v. JJeht, in which a verdict was re- turned against a ship captain for £1118s., for goods supplied to his crow. The other waa Walker ». Anderson, a family quarrel, ia which, as usual on such occasions, there was a great deal of contradictory evidence. The defendant was an old man, living in a houso at Carlton bought in the name of "John Anderson, " and the question involved was whether by "John Anderson" was meant the defendant or his BOH, for each bore the same Christian name. Tho property was purchased hy the Andersons so far back as 18C0 ; the plaintiff said with the money of John Anderson, jun. ; the defendant, with the joint contributions of all the family, ia older to piovide a home for the elder Ander- son and his wifo in their old age. The family lived peaceably together till 1807, when some unpleasantness occurred owing to tho mar- riage of John Anderson the younger, who settled this property on his wife. Tho action which was bl ought to eject the defendant from the placo was brought in the name of the trusteo of the settlement. The jury, with very little hesitation, returned a vertuet for the nlaintiff. lor tho second time a jury have been unablo to como to an agreement as to what verdict should be returned in the case of Barnett v. Reid. It will bo remembered that this suit, which was an action brought to recover damages from tho defendant on the giound of his improper treatment of the plaintiff while she was under his caro in tho Geelong Hospital, was hoard some months back, and that then the jury were discharged without returning a veidict. The case has been rc-heard ; the second trial, lasting threo days, was concluded yesterday, and the result is that the jury have again been discharged without arriving at any decision. His honour the Chief Justice, in summing up the ovidonce, promulgated some rather startling opinions with referenco to the qualifications to be sought for in the resident doctor of a public hospital. It was shown that Mr. Roid, tho defendant and the resident medical officer of the Geelong Hospital, was in the enjoyment of a veiy extensive private practice. 'Iho plaintiff's counsel contended that Mr. Reid devoted a good deal of the time that should havo been spent upon his official duties in visiting his private and moro profitable patients, and that the hospital patients wore consequently neglected. Tho Chief Justice, so far from seeing anything objectionable in Mr. Reid's position, argued that it was to the benefit of the institution that its medical head should have as much outside business as possible. He said that Mr. Reid could im- prove his knowledge of medicine, and his ability to deal with disease by his extensive out-door practice. Tho caso of Smylliers v. Tiaent¡/man and Co., which has created considerable interost amongBt tho merchants of this city, was again'beforo the District Court yesterday morning, and decided, so far as the judgmout of that court can decide a matter of this kind. Tho action wa3 for tho recovery of certain quarter-casks of wino said to be ille- gally detained by defendants, The facts are thrBO :-Messrs. Dickson, Williums, and Co. had extensive dealings with Josko Brothers before that furn stopped payment, and be- tween the two parties an ordinary current account was kept. In about October, 18G7, Josko Brothers purchased a largo parcel of goods from Dickson, Williams, and Co., and. then had tht-in sold off by auction. At this sale Mr. Smytbcrs purchased eight quarter casks of sherry, receiving tho bonded certi- ficates as his title to tho property. These certificates were' indorsed in the usual i way by the original vendors, and tho goods were left in the bonded stores of defendants, no alteration being mado in their hooks of the name in which they ! wero bonded. About a year after this Josko Brothers faile-d, being indebted somothing ovor £1,200 to Messrs. Dickson, Williams, and Co., at the time. By soino means, tho latter firm discovered that Smythers had taken out only five of his eight quarter casks, while tho other threo remained as stored by them, and in their name. As un- satisfied creditors of Josko Brothers they claimed to have a lien upon these goods found in the-ir name, and stayed delivery to Smythers ; hence the action. It was con- tended that they had a right to do this by -virtue of the power they possessed of appro priating to any item of indebtedness the sums paid on the account, and claiming payment for such other items as they might think fit, and vi'ptch such payments did not covor. On the otner band, it was held that Dickson, Williams, and Co. Wero not in the position . of unsatisfied creditors in respect of goods, inasmuch as the payments carried in order to tho separate items of indebtedness wore moro than sufficient to cover this particular trans, action. This fact was admitted, but tho contention was still that an account cur- ien t was no appropriation, and that the moneys paid could bo appropriated as ,the creditor thought fit. Mr. Call had, on this as on the first occasion of the suit being before bim, pointed out cases (" Clayton's case" being the most prominont), in which the decision was that, ~ in tho absence of any definite agreement as to the payments on a current account, the law presumed that it was the first item on tho dobit side that was discharged or reduced by the first pay- ment on the credit side, and so on. Guided by that rule he was of opinion that this was a caso in which tho plaintiff ought to recover, and, therefore, he made an order for the re- stitution of the proporty, and the payment by .defendants of four guineas costs. The Bourke Sessions wore continued yestor -day, at the County Court-houso, before his Honour Judge Pohlman, Jonathan Schofield was charged with the manslaughter of Thomas Mountford, a labouring man, on the 9th of January last. Full particulars of the occur, renee appeared in our columns about the time. It will be remembered that the de- ceased and tho prisoner were mates, and on ?the day in question they had been drinking at -a house near the Yarra flats." After leaving tho place the deceased endeavoured to pull the prisoner off his horso for the purpose of in- ducing him to take moro drink. Some "dis. puto arose, in tho course of which the pri- soner struck the deceased a blow on the head with the butt-end of a gun lie was carrying in his hand, and from the injuries inflicted the death of the deceased arose some time .afterwards, while ho was an inmate of the hospital. The jury convicted the prisoner, with a recommendation to morey. His Honour sentenced him to three months' im- prisonment with hard labour. ? The two men, Halleck and Hewson, who, on the previous .day, bad been convicted of forging and utter- ing a false chequo, were each sentenced to five years on the roads. A little boy named Sydney Joseph Bick- ford, eight years old, was accidentally . drowned at Bed-hill Farm, Truganina, on tho 1st inst. He was returning from school along ?with another boy named Cropley, and stopped , to play at a waterhole The decoased threw some sticks into the water and finally fell in himself. His companion jumped in also and tried to reach him, but failed ; and tho poor little fellow, after struggling a short time, sank, and did not rise again. Cropley then ran off to procuro assistance, and a man from ?a neighbouring farm carno and got oat the body, which was still warm. Every effort ?was made to restore respiration, but with- out offect. The district coroner, hold an inquest upon tho body on tho after- noon of tbo following day, when the jury icturned a verdict in accordance with the ?evidence. The deceased was a stranger in the neighbourhood, being only there on a visit. A public meeting of the inhabitants of Footsciay was held last evening in the .hoiough-chambers, for the. purpose of do vising means to have the local cometery vested in the borough council, or to have fresh trustees appointed. Tho remarks which fell from the various speakers showed that the cemetery was in a most neglected state, and the trustees who had been appointed had failed to give the necessary attention to it, Tho Governfnaijt hurl been «rmliod to^witb. A , - view of having the cemetery vested in the .council, but they declined to acceau - .. ícquest, After some discussion tho meeting was adjourned till Tuesday night, when the trustees will be asked to bo present with their hooks and accounts. Four hundred dozonof opossum skins were yesterday forwarded to the Duck Ponds . station by Messrs. Crann and Priest, for transmission to Mr. Moss, Melbourne. The parties have been engaged in snaring opos- sums on Staughton and Armitago's station for years, and the skins, which can be ob- tained in any quantity, are tanned, and packed for Melbourne, wherOjthoy meet with a ready demand, being converted into rugs, muffs, and other articles. This consignment is the first of an order for a thousand dozen, the balance being deliverable in a fortnight. Thora were also on the platform at the samo station len bales of seaweed, used for stuffing sofas, seats, &c;, and seventy bags of lime, for delivery in tho metropolis. Complaints aie made of the want of trucks to convey the goods when sent, aud of a shed in which they can be temporarily stored. Considerable quantities of posts and rails arc being re- ceived from Lal Lal by selectors, who are be- ginning to fonco in their respective allot- ments. Tho horses Cadland and Forester have been scratched for all their engagements at the Geelong races, which commence to-day. There are now about a hundred wells sunk in the Duck Ponds and Coomes' Creek dis- tricts, the greater number having been sunk during the present season. Water has been obtained in each instance, differing only in quality. The last well was sunk to a depth of forty feet, whea water of very excellent quality was obtained. Many of the water-holes in tho Bellerine district are now full, a consideiablo amount of work having been expended in enlarging them. The cattle, as a natural consequence, aro beginning to get into something like condition. Tho Abyssinian tubo wells aro much talked of, and there is some probability of their being soon put to a practical test. At the usual monthly meeting of the Shire Council of Corio, held at tho Duck Ponds yesterday, a deputation was appointed to pro- ceed to Melbourne, with the view of getting the bon. the Commissioner of Lands and Survey to proclaim the Anakie and Ballan road a main' Government road, so far as it .extends through their shire-a distance of between seven and eight miles. The object .of tho council in getting this road proclaimed is to obtain an additional subsidy for itsi maintenance and repair, the cost of which will shortly be increased by tho oxtenaivo trafilo caused by the conveyance of tho water pipes and heavy material required in the completion o£ the waterworks at Stony 'Crock, J!bjfî}aUarat Courier writes :--" Our atten- tion1 bos been called by parties interested in the trade to tho desirability of the carriage of coal on the Victorian Railways being reduced &omo; 25 per cent. It seems that through the high price the vendors aro compelled to charge for this material, owing to tho cost of carriage, the consumption continues small, and it is contended that were the rail- way rates reduced, coal would como into general use, and thus both the trade, and the receipts of the railway from this source, -would bo considerably improved. We com mend the suggestion to the consideration of the bon. Commissioner of Railways, who will no doubt deal liberally in tho matter." Writing of tho retrenchment policy of the Governm'ent, the Ballarat Star says :--" Our vigorous Government works the retrench- ment oraclo magnificently. The courtesies and the equities aro not to bo always at- tended to whilo this merry work goes on, nor the conveniences of public business to bo much cared for whilo four-hour budget speeches aro made.' On Tuesday the Court' of Mines sat here, but it was somo timo before the keys of the court-house could bo got, as tho court-keeper had been removed to Melbourne, and nobody had come in his place. The judge was there, but no ono to take bia horso. The keys, however, being found, people at length got into the court- house, whenco no dust had been removed since the Circuit Court sat, for there was nobody to do it, and oven the unhappy sheriff had been despoiled of part of his staff. Tho Government of the colony, that 'no human power can prevont pro- gressing,' having no money for neces- saries, the dirty ragged old IF.M.G. cover 'lids remain at the court-house windows, and the floor of the court remains unmatted. But we have four-hour speeches instead, in apotheosis of ' the now fiscal system ;' and the poor court-house clock, as if worn out with ticking to long-winded budget orations from a Treasurer who will not let matting bo got on tick, and has no money to buy any with, has suspended operations, having stopped apparently at about tho hour that tho Treasurer wound up his speech on finance. But no power exists to wind up tho clock, which is antithetically as tiresomo as the celebrated four-hour speech, and thus the new court-house is as orthodoxically ne- glected as our court-houses are gonerally, and as the Eastern Court-houso was so no- tably." The snagging parties in the Murrumbidgee have succeeded in thoroughly clearing ninoty miles of tho river downwards from Wagga Wagga. Tho local papor calls on tho towns- people to take steps to got ono or two good steamers for the purpose of opening a regular trade with tho lower river, and hopes soon to welcome a locally-owned boat to the proposed site of the wharf in Wagga Wagga". 'The view of Mount Macedon from Kyne- ton presented a magnificent sight on Sunday night. Its south-western slope was on fire, and scores of people turned out to witness the spectacle. So far as wo havo been ablo to learn, the bush- fire did no damage to private property. On Saturday the Attorney-Gonoral, "Messrs. Michie and Billing, together with Mr. Suther- land, from tho Crown solicitor's office, jour- neyed to Malmsbury by special {train for the purpose of 'inspecting the works on Messrs. Greenwood's contract, and making themselves acquainted with the locality. After a thorough inspection of the works, in which they were accompanied and assisted by tho resident engineer, the party returned to town. Tho committee of the Bendigo Benevolent Asylum have not yet go t o ver what at a meeting on Tuesday their president called the " Minis- terial difficulty," in roferenco to the hours at which clergymen aro allowed to seo the chil- dren at the Industrial School. Tho principal business at the meeting referred to was the discussion of a complaint on this subject, made by the Hev. J. Nish. The committee thought that they had acted correctly, and decided to write to the head of the de- partment to that effect. The Kyneton Guardian reports that "on' Saturday Mr. Clement Hodgkinson 'visited Woodend, for the purpose of hearing and deciding applications , for land under the 42nd section, on the racecourse and other re- serves. It was stated in our columns, and in the Melbourne papers, that Mr. Hodgkin- son would visit Woodend on tho 1st March, and insinuations have been made that this ep-or in date was made purposely by the trustees, or others in their interest. »We take this opportunity of saying that such was 'not the case. Mr. Hodgkinson decided upon allowing the reserves to be open to selection under the 42nd clause. Tho consequence of this decision is that all the reserves in the district are being pegged out. Even por- tions of the streets of Woodend, we are in- formed, are being applied for under the,42nd clause. The Botanical Gardens' in Kyneton are also being pegged out and applied for." A curious circumstance is noticed ,by the Majorca Independent, 'as follows :-"A_cow. at Mr. Ingram's farm, Newmarket, was ob week or two past," and when tuo ae\tirr\,f«r-n animal took place, on Saturday last, the body was opened, and the causo of death was at once seen, a largo piece of wire, about four inches in length, boing discovered sticking in the heart. The lungs were in a fearful state of ulcération, probably produced by punctures horn the wire, which it is conjectured must have been swallowed by the cow amongst her food." _ I Messrs. Stillwell and Knight have sent us the Victorian Christian Witness for March. The Victorian'Baptist Magazine for March has been sent to us. It is altogether too puerilo for notice. The annual cricket match between tho Church of England Grammar School and the Scotch College will take placo to-day, on the East Melbourne Cricket-ground, at eleven a.m. A grand concort is to be given to the in- mates of the Benevolent Asylum to- day, on the occasion of the opening of tho new addi- tion to the dining-room. It will commence at half-past seven o'clock. The usual monthly meeting of the Third Victoria Building Society was held last even- ing, at their offices, G6 Little Collins-street east, Mr. Rusden (president) in the chair, who announced the mouth's receipts to bo £4,300. Twenty-six shares wore sold at nominal pio miums. The ordinary half-yearly mooting of the Victorian Permanent Property, Investment, and Building Society was held at the offices, 20 Collins-street cast, last evening. Mr. J. B. Crews, the president of the society, occupied tho chair. The whole business consisted in laying before tho meeting an abstract of tho society's operations during tho jpast six months, and the appointment of Mesaiá. Thomas Dickson and 'Edward Langton as auditors. The anniveisary services of the Hawthorn Independent Church were held last Sunday, when sermons wero preached in the morning by the Rev. T. Ness, and in the evening by the Rev. R. Connebce. On Tuesday, the anniversary tea meeting was hold in the schoolroom adjoining the church, and it was followed by a public meeting, when addresses upon special subjects wore given by the Rev. Messrs. Fletcher, Edwards, Lawrence, and Connebee. The chair was occupied by the Rev. T. Laver, pastor of the church. The choir pavo selections of sacred music at intervals. The pecuniary results of tho anniversary, amounting to something over £25, were to bo devoted to clearing off a few current liabilities and the reduction of the debt on the build- ing. »?«"»»?«_? 