SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, 3rd March. Lieut-Colonel Mayo and two other officers have resigned their commands in the volunteer force owing to the circular received from the Government condemning the late meeting held by the officers and the speeches there at. Public opinion is considered favorable to the action of the Government in this matter. His Excellency Sir James Fergusson paid a visit of inspection to all the Government offices this morning. There was a very heavy gale blowing from the west during last night, and it was particularly severe between eleven and twelve o'clock. A sale of Hart's flour to the extent of 100 tons is reported at L12 10s. Wheat is firmer, and sales have been made at 4s. 9d. Sailed--- Alexandra, s.s, for King George's Sound, with the English mails. MOUNT MACEDON presented a magnificent eight on Sunday night. Its south-western slope was on fire, and scores of people turned out to witness the spectacle. So far as has been ascertained the bushfire did no damage to private property. The BERLIN GOLDFIELD.--- The Inglewood Advertiser states:--- " The newly opened flat is turning out better than ever. In addition to the 40 oz. and other nuggets recorded last week, we have now to report the finding, on Friday last, of another fine nugget, weiging 101 ozs. The lucky finder is a Jersey man, and was the third party who took up the ground ; the party who marked it out and who holds the adjoining claim, having given it to another person, who abandoned it; whereupon the present fortunate holder took pos- session. Besides this nugget, good finds are rumored from a great number of claims on the flat; a large population is now on the ground, with numbers coming in every day, and shafts are going down in all directions. A very large rush is anticipated during the next few weeks." ON'E OF THE MOST DISGEACEFUL cases that ever came before a police court was heard by Mr Taylor, P.M, and Dr Brown, J.P., at the Bunin- yong Police Court ou Tuesday, (reports the Ballarat Courier). It appears that one Mary Adams, alias Thomas, was complained for assault- ing one Mary Neilson and conducting herself in a most indecent manner on the public road, at Napoleon. The complainant produced a large quantity of hair, which was quite enough to make a good sized chignon, which the accused pulled out of prosecutor's head. The latter further deposed that the defendant danced the "Can- can " on the road and pulled her clothes over her head. The police magistrate said that in all his experience he never heard of such conduct. He should fine the accused L10 or three months' imprisonment. The same prisoner was next charged with having assaulted Mary Abrahams, who went to the rescue of the prosecutrix in the first charge. She deposed to the indecency of the accused, who knocked her down and otherwise ill-treated her. For this offence the bench sent her to prison for six months additional, in default of finding two sureties in L50 each to keep the peace to all Her Majesty's subjects. 