THE COUNTRY. A Fobesiers' Haij- is to be ereoted at Ballarat. Sevastopol has declined to assist tbe Bal larat Intercolonial Exhibition, fancying that it will not succeed. This is the way to prevent its success. The Daylesjord Mercury states that Bal larat speculators have taken up a great deal of ground in that district, but do not show many signs of intending to work their claims. A Visetaud and a farm in the Sandhurst district are now to let on tho following novel terms : — ' In lien of rent so many vines to be planted each year, and leased for such a time as may be agreed upon.' A Large Tree on tho Murray river bank lately fell down upon a party of men belonging to ono of the snagging parties. The 'tops' of tho tree completely surrounded four or live of the men, but strange tu say nobody received any injury beyond a few scratches. The Landfiborough people, through their local journal, the Times, complains of having been neglected by tho Government, espeoially in the matter of the administration of justice Why don't the people make a busintsa- liko ap plication to the Government ? One of the axles of tho mail van attached to the Ia3t train from Ballarat to Melbourne on Monday evening became so heated that at Geelong tho mail boxes had to be removed to another carriage. Mr Milleii, the well known solicitor of Blackwood, expired on Saturday last. The de ceased snstained a severe injury about the re gion of tho abdomon through a fall from his horse, and it was found necessary to have recourse to a painful operation. Says the Daylesjord Mercury : — ' Mr Wilkins, butcher, of Vincent-street south, has a canary that not only sings, bnt at times pronounces tho words ' Pretty Joey.' Though not the only bird of tho kind in the colony that con talk a littlo, canories of the kind are a rarity.' So we should think. A Meeting is called for noon on Monday,. 8th March, at the Forest Hotel, Border Landi Mills, Bullarook, to tako into consideration the! necessity of active moasures being token to* form an association for tke prevention of bush fires ; to raise a fund for tho relief of suf-| ferers by tho recent fires ; and to arrange for offering rewards for tke conviction of persons wilfully or negligently causing fires in the dis trict. A Fatal Accident occurred ou Monday at the bathing place ou the beach at Queenscliff. : The deceased, John Murphy (a native of, Dublin), was a waiter at Leihy'a Hotel, and' left at half-past five a.m. for the purpose of1 bathing. Shortly afterwards Mr A'Beckettand a ' friend heard the deceased Bcreaining, and saw him apparently holding on to the chain,' which is stretched across a very dangerous opoaing. A rope was at once thrown to him, but he appeared too paralysed with fear to attempt to catch it, and the force of tho Btrong ebb tide gradually drow him outside, whero before any further help could be. ren dered he waB drowned. The body has been recovered. Some years ago a Miss Jones los.t her life at this spot, and tho Borough Counoil should have prohibited any ono bathing there in futuro. 