Hategt EFFECTS OF THE STORM.—About sundown on Saturday at Wellington a heavy black cloud overspread the sky, which was suddenly rent asunder by vivid flashes of lightning quickly succeeded by peals of resounding and deafening thunder, the latter accompanied by boisterous wind and deluging rain. The rain, however, was fortunately the means of extinguishing a threatening bush-fire raging on the eastern side of the river. In Wellington the storm did little damage beyond blowing in some of the windows and terrifying timid inhabitants. Some telegragh poles on Western Flat were literally Tent in splinters by the electric fluid, and in the South-Ea9t others were similarly damaged. ACCIDENT TO Ds. MUECKE. — An accident occurred recently to the Bev. Dr. Muecke, of Tanunda. The rev. gentleman returned from Freeling on Monday evening in his tilbury, and when between Greenock and Nuriootpa three riders came down the road at a furious pace. The doctor having no chance to turn off the road one of the horses dashed against the wheel of the trap so heavily as to pitch the doctor out of it. Luckily the awingletree $ave way and the horse got loose from the vehtcle, else the rev. gentlemen might not have seen the horse and conveyance again that evening. He was insensible for some time till a neighbouring farmer came to his assistance, when he recovered. He has a fearfully bruised face as the result of the accident. It was very cowardly and inhuman for the three horsemen to rush off and leave the Dr. to his fate, as he might, had the fall been more serious, and without the aid of the farmer, Mr. Jones, have remained exposed to the cold and wet. The vehicle was tied together as well as possible, and he was fortunate enough to reach Nuriootpa. ACCIDENT.—On Thursday evening Mr. George Moore, of Tynte-street, surveyor, was run over by a horse and cart in O'Connell-street, North Adelaide. While crossing the road a horse and cart, driven rapidly round a corner by a man in the employ of Messrs. C. Everett & Co., knocked hun doivu before he could get out of the way, or the driver could pull the horse in. A wheel passed over one of his lege, his chest and shoulder, causing such injuries as to necessitate immediate removal to the Hospital. On enquiry this morning we ascertained that Moore ha, received a contused wound of the anc.e, and evidently some internal injuries. He iB progressiug as favourably as can be expected. _ „. . , i SHEEP WORRYING.—A great deal of mischief is being done among the flocks at Wellington by dogs, and Mr. Stirling's station has suffered severely. What is the most provoking is that they appear to defy all methods for their destruction. Of course the native wild dogs are credited with the most of this destruction; but the tame dogs have their share in the havoc. The natives have always a number of half-starved kangaroo and mongrel dogs about their camp, and they are far from harmless. Our local correspondent adds:—"I have written much in favour of the aborigines, and would be far from advocating any harsh measures towards them; but they have no use for their dogs. There is nothing for them to hunt except sheep, and it would be a politic measure to prohibit them keeping packs of useless curs. They are of no use, but are a source of annoyance to the settlers." RECRUITING AND VOLUNTEERING.—The Times of January 29 says:—" Under the new regulations issued from the Horse Guards, recruits sent up to Chatham from the various recruiting districts to join the Indian and other regimental depots are no longer to be accompanied by a recruiting sergeant, as has hitherto been the practice, but are to proceed entiiely unattended. This new arrangement has been ordered hy the authorities with the view of rendering the recruits more independent, and, at the same time, of showing the public that recruits are under no coercion, but that they have spontaneously entered an honourable profession. The first recruits coming up under the new system arrived at Chatham yesterday, and marched into the garrison unattended and in the moBt orderly manner for the purpose of joining the various regiments into which they have enlisted. Yesterday an order was received at Chatham directing volunteering to be opened from among the infantry corps at that garrison for the various regiments now in India, to raise them to their required strength. The number required amounted in ail to 610 men. Immediately on the order being read out, nearly the whole of the men belonging to the depots of the 1st battallion of the 22nd Begiment, 30th Kegunent, and 50th (Queen's Own) Regiment volunteered for the Indian corps, but until the order is received from the Horse Guards the numbers who are accepted will not be known. Each of the volunteers receives the sum of 21s." TANUNDA RIFLE CLUB ANNUAL FESTIVAL.— Easter Monday was again the shooting-day for the Kingship of the Tanunda Schuetzengesellschaft. The members marched in procession from the Tanunda Hotel, headed by the Gawler Brass Band, at noon, and on arrival at Mr. George Fischer's garden the contest began. Ten shots were fired by each member, and after three hours' shooting Dr. Pabst was declared King for the year. General delight and satisfaction was expressed that his majesty was to govern his subjects in his own capital, a? during the two former years the corps have had lo receive commands from Lobethal, an inconvenient arrangement at tunes, the distance being too ' great. The list of prizes was as follows-— ^ 1, Dr. Pabst, 94 rings, King's medal and Told I watchchain; 2, Dohrenwendt (Lobethal), 94 rings a crystal claret jug with silver cover, presented by Mr. Steiner. of Adelaide. This was a generous gift. 3, E. Mengler, 79 rings, six silver table spoons; 4. J. Sobels, 78 rings, six silver tea spoons - 5, C. Sobels. 78 rings, two silver table spoons- «, W. Menner, 77tinge, plated teapot; 7. C. May, 77 rings, kerosine lamp.- The Hon. Secretary, Mr. H. G. Christen, presented a handsome silver covered powder-flask for competition among four members who attended most regularly the monthly shooting. The contest was between Messrs. B. Wiener, J. Sobels, C. May, B. Sobels. and Mr. C. May won. After refreshments Mr. J. Basedow, J.P., distributed the prizes. Addressing the King, he said he felt happy that be had saved the honour of Tanunda, and prevented others invading. He hoped that his name (translated Pope) would lead to a strong opposition to his great namesake in Rome. He felt convinced that he would use his influence to oppose nunneries, and prevent young Protestant girls being subjects would guarantee his caringfor them incase I of diseases gratuitously. The humorous speech ! created merriment and apolause. Mr. A. Witt pro-1 posed hearty cheers to Mr. Steiner for his gifts. I Mr. G. ri Fischer Picho. thanked Mr. J. T Basedow D—1—c—vie for distributing the prizes, remarking that his speech this j ear had excelled all previously delivered. Thanks were tendered to Mr. H. G. Christen (the Honora:y Secretary), and Mrs. J. Sobels, who together had presented a beautiful flag. He (hen congratulated the Secretary on his reelection. Air. F. Basedow proposed three cheers for the Queen, the Band playing the National Anthem. The fine music of the Gawler Brass Band greatlr enlivened the afternoon in the gardens, and gave ereat satisfaction. The procession returned to the Tanunda Hotel. The rain poured down at 8 o'clock, still the lovers faced it. and the large room was filled at 10, and dancing kept up steadily till an eariy hour. THE NUANES CASK.—Messrs. R. B. Colley and J " M : SoJ°mon. the special Auditors appointed to enquire into the accounts of the late Town Clerk, have Bent in their final report. This embraces the whole of the period not investigated at the time of ? heir Progress report, and shows that the deficiency is considerably more than was shown on the face of that ,j ocument- Doubtless the report will be made public at the meeting of the City Council on Monday next. THE EIRAT STEAMER ARIEL.—A correspondent at Chowh, writing to us on March 20, states that the Ariel, Captain Randell, started on her voyage to Wentworih that day, "the river having risen sufficiently to enable her to proceed on her voyage up the Murray." NECESSITY FOR VACCINATION.—A letter from our Glenburn correspondent states that in the Rapid Bay District, owing to the non-appointment of a vaccinating officer in place of Dr. Steadman, large numbers of children from three to five years of age are mowing up deprived of that safeguard against smallpox. There has been no Government vaccination for three years, and if the disease broke out its spread there would be rapid and fearful, ! Doubtless there are other districts similarly circumstanced, and where the utmost possible precau- I tionary measures should be adopted. LKFSVRE-TERRACE BAPTIST CHURCH. — The annual tea and public meeting in connection with i the Baptist Church. Lefevre-terrace, North Ade laidCi took place on Thursday evening, April 1. A goodly number sat down at about half- past 6 o'clock to an excellent tea. After a short adjournment, during which the tea apparatus was removed, the company reassembled; the pastor; the Rev. G. Stonehouse, occupying the chair. In accordance with previous announcement, the Bev. J. L. Parson?, of Angaston. delivered a lecture on " Modern Heroes." In the opening portion of his address he remarked in explanation that he did not intend to express that superfine adoration for the past at the expense of the present which was indulged in by some. He thought it was a pity that those who entertained these sentiments regarding the past did not live in the past instead of the present. Heroes, he believed, really existed at the present time. A person's idea of a hero was modelled after his own proclivities, consequently there was no strict definition of what was understood by the term **hero." Whatever difference of opinion existed as to who was or who was not a hero, it was universally conceded that he was a doer and not a dreamer. No man became a hero until he had finished his work. No lackadaisical sentiment or aspiration without performance secured the honour. No tempering of evil means to bring about good ends achieved it. The power of self-denial and self- sacriiice was required to make a hero. The race of heroes was not quite extinct; but there were other heroes than warlike ones. As the type of one class of these he quoted the "mercantile hero." The aristocracy of old established communities would uot tolerate the idea of quilldrivers and shopkeepers being equal with them in the common struggle for heroic honours. The aristocracy, whose boast was that their family had not done anything for centuries, would not allow the tradesman to come between the "wind and their nobility." He hoped that nothing of this kind would be experienced in this colony. To be good was to be noble. Honest toil was better than Nomina blood. Thomas Carlyle spoke powerfully, in his own rugged way, of the dignity of labour. Everything that had created a stir in the world was the result of hard work and thought. Work of some kind was the allotted daty of all in this world. The merchant became a hero by doing to others what he desired they should do to him. The next type was the " Social Hero, in his "Vanity Fair." exposed'the hoflcwness i and littleness of their social system, and there ' were several besetting evils that required to be carefully guarded against. They were.the use of slang expressionp, swearing, and the immoderate use of ardent spirits. The third and last type was the "Religious Hero." The lecturer dilated at length upon the mode by which this latter distinction could be gained, and the advantages enjoyed by those who attained that proud eminence. The lecture, which was — .. - .. . s • .. , j S- : found attention, and several times daring its i progress and at the close Mr. Parsons was greeted | with loud applause. A hearty vote of thanks having been accorded to the rev. lecturer, the proceedings, which were diversified by a couple of collections, closed with the doxology and benediction. NORTH ADELAIDE WESLEY AN SUNDAY-.-CHOOL UNION.—On Easter Sunday aud Monday, March 28 and 29, the anniversary services of the above were held. Sermons were preached by the Bevs. S. Knight. T. Lloyd, and W. L. Binks, all the services being well attended. On Monday the children had their annual treat on the grounds of Mr. Everard, which we have previously noticed. Tea and public meetings were held iu the evening, when addresses were gifen by the Bers. W. L. Binks and J. Y. Simpson, and Messrs. Hoskins, Gillingham, and Hack. The proceeds were upwards of £32. NORWOOD WESLEY AN SUNDAY-SCHOOL.- On Easter Sunday and Wednesday, March 31. the anniversary services of this school. were held. An address was given to the children by the Bev. S. Knight on Sunday afternoon, and on Wednesday tea was provided, and a public meeting was held, presided over by Mr. J. H. Kaines. The Revs. S. Knight, J. Haslam, and others spoke warmly, special reference being made to the attitude of Roman Catholicism, and advice being given to use influence in checking its growth amongst them. Reports were read which snowed that the number of teachers was 22, and of scholars 184\. The average attendance had been in the morning 9 teachers and 73 children, and in the afternoon 11 teachers and 135 children. The Treasurer's report showed that the receipts had been £3114s. 8d., and the expenditure £31 4s. 8d. Music was rendered by the Sunday-school children and the choir, and aftsr votes of thanks had been accorded the meeting was brought to a close. ST. GEORGE'S SUNDAY-SCHOOL, JIAGILL.—The children having assembled at Magill Church at noon, prayers were read and an address delivered by the Rev. T. R. Neville. The scholars then marched to Mr. Ward's grounds, where games were indulged in and a variety of prizes distributed to successful competitors, after which about 300 adults and children partook of refreshments. The Easter Hymn and National Anthem were sung and cheers ad libitum. The Incumbent towards the conclusion said he trusted that the prosperity of the Sunday-school and congregation were evinced by the great energy displayed that day. The thunderstorm brought the proceedings speedi'y to a close. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, PORT ADELAIDE.— An entertainment was given in the Town Hal), Port Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, March 30, in aid of the funds of the above church. There was a large attendance, the principal attraction being a lecture on "Female Influence," by Captain J. Bickers. HiB Worship the Mayor presided, and the Hindma'sh Glee Club enlivened the proceedings by singing excellent glees. The lecturer commenced with Eve; and, after making reference to some of the most remarkable women referred to in 'he Old and New Testament, touched upon those of the time of the Crusaders. He then dwelt upon queenly influence. Marriage, young ladies, and servantgalism also formed themes upon which he expatiated, and much interest as well as instructive amusement was the result. SCHOOL EXAMINATION AT TUNGKILLO. — On March 25 the examination of Mr. Davie's school was conducted by the Rev. Mr. Clayfield before about 30 parents and friends. District Chairman Mr. EL Burall presided, and Mr. M M. Allen and Mr.5 Councillor Carraill attended and took part. The result was satisfactory, and the teacher read a short report. The attendance for March had been 24 girls and 27 boys; average attendance, 41. The school had been open 176 dayB in nine months; average attendance, 37. The amount of schoolfees was at the rate of 6Jd. per week per scholar, which was greatly owing to the irregularity of the higher class pupils and the number of destitute and young pupils. The parents, friends, and chddren then partook of refreshments. Vlde d - by the Tungkillo District Council. A public ?? fetl 2F' ^tended, was presided over by the ^^ Mt * <jl^ytleld ; when a pleasing programme w . as Rone tllrou Kh, including phantasmagoric ws, songs, and recitations. The Chairman distributed the general awards, and the special prizes were—Plain Needlework. First class, Charlotte Davie (1st), Mary Mclnnes (2nd): second class, Jane Tapscott: third class. Emily Kendell • fourth class. Maty Webb. Writing.-Girls-Firet class. Mary Mclnnes (1st). Charlotte Davie (2nd, recommended): second class, Miriam Davie. Boys —First class. Frank White: second class. William Doyd. General Knowledge.-Girls—First class, Charlotte Davie; second class, Mary Muir (1st) Jane Tapscott (2nd); third class, Louiea Preiss' Boys—Fir3t class, George Talbot; second class, Henry Preiss; third class, Thomas Davie. Arithmetic.—Boys-First class, John McGilvra: second class, Henry Preiss. DEPARTURE OF THE 50TH REGIMENT. — On arrival at the Port the troops, headed by the band of the 14th Begiment. were at once marched to the Goolwa, lying at the Maclaren Wharf with steam up. A considerable number of ladies and gentlemen accompanied the officers and ladies to the troop-ship. Nearly an hour was occupied in shipping the baggage, when the steamer left the wharf amidst the cheers of the soldiers, the band of the 14th playing " Should Auld Acquaintance" and "Home, sweet Home," which was responded to by the drum and fife band on ihe Goolwa. At the same time the steamer Eleanor, having on board a nuinlier of visitors for the Himalaya, left the wharf, but soon went ahead, and was alongside the troop-ship nearly half an hour before the Goolwa. The greatest courtesy was shown by the gallant commander and his officers, and the visitors were freely allowed to inspect the noble vessel during the sbort time available. The transhipment of the troops and baggage and the final arrangements occupied some time, and whilst this was proceeding the capstan was manned by a crowd of blue and red coats, and the anchor was quickly dangling at the bows. At last everything was ready with the exception of the embarkation of a few men who were nearing the vessel in the Keporter's boat, having missed the train which conveyed their comrades to the Port. The steamers shoved oft and as soon as the men embarked from the boat, shortly before noon, the noble vessel steamed away down the Gulf, and was not long visible from the station. LUNACY.—A painful investigation was conducted at the Lunatic Asylum on Thursday, April 1, for the purpose of ascertaining the sanity or otherwise of Mr. George Coleman, well known at Port Adelaide aB master and owner of the Adelaide, . schooner, and formerly master of the steamer Kangaroo. Mr. Coleman, it appears, exhibited a strangeness of manner about the beginning of the year, since which time he has acted in a way which leads inevitably to the conclusion that he is out of his mind. A few days ago, by the advice of Dr. Gething and Dr. Moore, he was taken to the Asylum, aud the enquiry held on Thursday was with a vie w to the appointment of his wife to manage his property, which iB of considerable value. The case was investigated by His Honor Mr. Justice Wearing and a Jury, Mr. Fenn appearing for Mrs. Coleman in support of the petition, 'xhe Jury, after hearing the evidence and some of them seeing the patient found that he was "of unsound mind, and not sufficient for the government of his estate," and that he had been so since the 5th of January. Un that an application will be made to the Supreme Court for the appointment of Mrs. Coleman as Committee to manage her husband's estate. Mrs. Coleman appeared much affected in giving her evidence at the enquiry, and had the sympathy of those who were present in the painful circumstances in which she was placed. THE AUTUMN RACES.—The entries and acceptances will be received by the Secretary of the South Australian Jockey Club this evening at the Globe Inn for the following races:—Maidens, Shorts, St. Leger, Hurdles, Trials, Adelaide Cup, Selling Stakes, and Jockey Club Handicap. The sites for seven booths are to be sold by auction this afternoon at 4 o'clock. The Autumn Baces will be held this year on the Old Adelaide Racecourse, East Park Lands, from April 15 to 17. "ADELAIDE PUNCH."—After a brief existence of rather less than four months Adelaide Punch has ceased to be. Its last number was issued on Thursday, presumably with a view to its exit from the world of literature being made on the 1st of ApriL The principal cartoon represents Mr. P. B. Cogiin as the unfortunate Peri standing disconsolate at the door of tlie Legislative Council Chamber, which has been barred against him. A notice from the publisher intimates that the income from the paper has not proved at all sufficient to pay expenses, and Punch writes his own mournful epitaph as follows:—"In memoriain.—Ade- {? d f,'-PMneA^orn 5 t h December, lSBS, died April * 0Q 1 \?. " Life's "N' a 8 .* jest; ,i> -. grangers, all thiugs show be kind it. to Toby. I thouglit so once, and now I know it." TRINITY CHURCH YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY.—The members of this Society will this evening give their tenth annual soiree in White's Assembly Room. The eutertainment will consist of vocal and instrumental music, recitations, and a lecture upon "The Oddities of Swift." by the Rev. S. Green. The particulars will be found on our first page. THE EASTF.R PANTOMIME.—Sir James Fergusson and Lady Edith were present at the performance of " Little Red Riding Hood" on Thursday. The Theatre was as fully crowded as on Monday evening, clearly evidencing that the popularity of the pantomime iB not declining. It is likely to draw for many nights yet. THE VAUXHALL FETR AT THE EXHIBITION BUILDING.—The entertainment at the Exhibition Building for the benefit of Mr. Charles Knight, for loyal and patriotic services rendered by him on two or three recent occasions, came off on Thursday night, April 1. but was a great failure, there not being more than a dozen present to witness some graceful feats on the trapeze by members of the Royal Gymnastic Club. The fireworks were better patronised, as there was a good attendance. They were better than usual, and elicited rounds of applause from the spectators. COTTER AND DUBOIS'S NEW COPPER PROCIBS.— Messrs. Ey and Killicoat, the gentlemen appointed by the public meeting to report on this process, attended at Mr. Bailey's premises to inspect the process, which was conducted to a certain point by Mr. Dubois in a satisfactory manner, but, owing to a defect in the roasting furnace, that gentleman determined to suspend operations until a proper one is constructed. BLANKETS FOR THE BLACKS.—The tender of Messrs. G. & B. Wills & Co. for 1,000 pairs of blue blankets for the aborigines at £610 8s. 4d. has been accepted by the Government. The only other tender was that of Messrs. D. & W. Murray. MINING PROSPECTS IN THE YANKALILLA DIS- TBier.—There is now a prospect of some of the rich mineral resources of the Yankalilla District being developed. It is understood that Air. Giles the proprietor of the Caracalinga Silver-Lead Mine, has disposed of the greater portion of his interest in the mine to a Melbourne Company, who intend to commence further sinking operations at once. A Company ought also to work the Great Gorge Copper Mine (Cowan's), it being the opinion of competent judges that it could be worked profitably. STEAM TRIP FROM PORT GAWLER TO GLENEL*. —The Port Gawlerites, to the number of nearly 2C0, had on Easter Monday an excursion trip to Glenelg by the steamer Albury. A little delay was caused in starting owing to the time being incorrectly inserted in the papers. Captain Johnston had to leave the wharf at half-past 6 to get over the bar before the tide fell, and the excursionists who were not there were brought out in boats, so that it was a quarter to 9 before a final start was made, the party reaching Glenelg Jetty at half-past 11, and remaiuing until half-past 2, Port Gawler being made on the return before sundown. The weather was splendid, a light breeze blowing during the trip, the vessel gliding along as smoothly as if on a river. The trip was thoroughly enjoyed; but about 6 o'clock a heavy storm which had been threatening came on, which rendered the journey home from the wharf very unpleasant. Before leaving, thanks were accorded to Captain Johnston for the kind manner in which ho had placed his vessel at the disposal of the inhabitants of Port Gawler, it being the first excursion of the kind enjoyed. CRIOKEHN* AT SALISBURY.—On Good Friday a match was played between the Port Adelaide Union and the Salisbury Prince Alfred (Juvenile) Clubs. Messrs. Kennedy and Wm. Davy. sen., acted as umpires, and J. Nieass as scorer. The Prince Alfreds were victors by seven runs. The highest scorers on this side were—J. White. 11; William Linnie, 13; and G. Loades, 18; the totals being 23 in the first innings, and 50 in the second. The Port Adelaides made 46 and 30 respectively, the highest scorers in one innings being—Smith, 10; and Haren, 15. SOUTH-EASTERN RIFLE ASSOCIATION.—The South-Eastern Rifle Association matches came off on March 23 and 25. with the exception of the ladies' prize, which was postponed. The principal winners were Lieutenant Warren, Messrs. Watson, Venn, and Melville. DISTRICT COUNGIL FOR GUICHEN BAY. — A meeting of those interested in the formation of a District Council at Robe was held on the night of March 29 at the Criterion Hotel. The weather prevented a large attendance. The object was to propose Councillors and other matters in connection with a memorial to His Excellency, praying for the formation of a District Council. The boun- ! daries proposed were those of the Hundred of Waterhouse, and Messrs. B. Dening, J. Ekers George Lord, William McLean, and H. Stephens were the Councillors nominated. The memorial, signed by alwut 60 rateable persons, has reached Adelaide. 