COUNTRY. NEWS. The employment of Chinese labourers in gathering in the harvest appears to be general. At Smeaton a number of Celestials are thus engaged. "We aro led to the belief," mysteriously observes the_ Kilmore Free Press, "thatcer- tain revelations made in connexion with a ,main road contract let by one of our local 'bodies'will1 lead to a criminal prosecution, in which more than ono person will be impli .jCated." , '""? "A violent tornado passed over the town," "says the Clunes Guardian, "on, Tuesday afternoon, doing considerable damage. The roof of a house belonging to Mr. Weam, 4 North Clunes, was lifted clean off, and depo- sited in the paddock, a distance of about 100 yards. Several other houses near were turned .overton, to, their sides, and small buildings and outhouses were lying about Uko so many "nine-pins at devil's pool." , i . "The crops in almost every part of the district," says the Kilmore Free Press, "are fit >to cut, and reaping is carried on where hands can bo secured. We have had several com- plaints from farmers relative to the exorbi- tant rate of wages sought to be extorted from them by labourers, many of whom refuse to "work except their unreasonable and unjust demands aro conceded. About Tullarook and Seymour there is a groat scarcity of har- vest hands, and a sufficiency of men cannot he had in the Springfield district." " Perhaps there are few places in this co- lony that have suffered as much from the want of rain this season," says the Ararat Advertiser, "as the Horsham district. While other parts of the country have been favoured with late but refreshing showers, Horsham -and neighbourhood has had scarcely any \- rain whatever. Tho consequence is tuat the , crops may be said to be almost a failure, and some of tho runs are quite baro of grass. I One person, wo aro told, had 30 acres under hay, which gave a total return of four tons ; . while another obtained two and a half tons i from Id acres." "The heat of Monday," observes the < Talbot Leader, " was something Plutonic. Although there was a clouded sky, the ther- mometer reached 08" in the shade in the doorway of Mr. Mosely's shop. As the after- noon advanced a dense volume of smoke caine up with the hot wind then blowing. From a gentleman who was on the high ground in the vicinity of Cockatoo wo leam that a large fire in the direction of Dunolly was sending up clouds of thick smoke. Those extended to Talbot, and wore so thick that the sun looked like a globe of blood ia the < heavens." " On Sunday and Monday," says the Spec ialor, " tho heat of tho atmosphere, at Hamil- ton, was excessive, the thermometer register- ing 104 in the shade. Bush fires were burning . at the Pigeon Ponds, the Chetwynd, and tho Victoria Ranges, whilst a fierce Euroclydon caused tho dust and sand to be in everybody's mouth. Sleep during the night was an impos- sibility, and camping out in gardens, pad- docks, or oven back-yards, was generally re- sorted to. Possibly Shadrach, Meshech, and Abednego might have felt at home in such a temperature, but the people of Hamilton didn't." " What has every appearance of a case of spontaneous combustion occurred," says the Clunes Guardian, "on Tuesday morning, in a detached kitchen, on the premises belong- ing to Thomas Buckham, on the Talbot-road. , About 3 a.m., this building was found to be on fire, and notwithstanding all the efforts of the proprietor, his friends and neighbours, the roof and furniture were destroyed before the flames could be quenched. There was no fire left in the fire-place, and the conflag- ration is supposed to have resulted from some cotton ' waste ' which had been used by Mr. Buckham to wipe his hands with when soiled with machinery oiL This should operate as a caution to those possessing such material." "The last few not days nave made a con- siderable difference in tho appearance of the wheat in the Bellarine district," observes the Geelong Advertiser, "and sickles and reap- ing machines are now as busy as they can be. The beautiful clear nights of late have been taken advantage of by the men to push forward their work. A correspondent states : -'In taking a drive round the other night, between 11 and 12 o'clock, I saw a number of men engaged in binding sheaves ; and in ano- ther place they were busily engaged in carting and stacking hay. They wore indeed making hoy while the moon shone. I hear no complaints about wages, and believe that tho rate paid is perfectly satisfactory to both em- ployers and employed. Reaping ranges from 12s. to 18s. per acre.'" "Cases of sickness from lead poisoning have been very frequent of late, says tho Ballarat Star, "ono case having resulted in death, and thieo, it is feared, in paralysis for life. As several medical practitioners had ex- pressed an opinion that half the inhabitants of the borough were suffering from lead poi soining, Dr. Bunce, the health officer, imme- diately took action, and from inquiries found , that the causo of tho poisoning was from drinking water from cisterns in which there . were leaden pipes, sleeping in newly-painted rooms, drinking rain-water caught on painted roofs, and using whito lead as a remedy for certain diseases. An idea had also got abroad . that the poisoning was caused by drinking the water supplied by the Water Committee, and Dr. Bunce made a chemical examination of the water, and he found that it did not con- tain a partido of lead." " Edward Brown, a youth about 15 years of age, who has been staying with Mr. Michael Goold, of Bairnsdale, for the last fortnight, , went to batho in the Mitchell River about five o'clock on last Sunday afternoon, accom- panied by one or two other boys younger than himself. After having been in the water a short time," says the Gipps Land , Times, "ho was drawing himself to the bank with tbo assistance of some reeds, when they suddenly gavo way, and he went backwards into deep water ; being unable to swim, ho , was drowned before assistance could be ron 'dored. Tho police, tho crow of the Ella . schooner, and many of tho inhabitants woro , i on the spot as soon as it became known, and Dr. Morrison was v\ aiting in attendance, but, notwithstanding that every endeavour was . made, the body of the unfortunate youth was t' not recovered until an hour and a half after submersion, when, it is needless to say, life was quite extinct." r The Federal Standard records a melan t r choly and fatal accident that oecurrod noai Chiltern on Sunday afternoon. It appoars three young boys under tho ago of 12 yoars, went to tho Magenta reservoir for the purpose of having a bath. The youngest lad, who was about six'years old, wont in, and having ., got out of his depth, began to scream out for assistance), when his brotliors endeavoured to save him, but they also sank with him, and the alarm was rapidly given, whon Mr. Maco and Mr. Portch rushed to tho spot, and after , gomo time, succeeded in bringing out tho (to all appearance) lifoless body ot the youngest lad. Dr. Hutchinson was speedily in attend- ance, and after some considerable time, suc- ceeded in restoring him to lifo. The bodies , of the i other two boys wqro subsequently . recovered, but they had been too long in tho water to attempt to restore them to anima- tion, i, i , "Egyptian darkness reigned for some timo in Sandhurst on Tuesday afternoon. A dust storm commenced," says tho Independent, ' ' about 5 o'clock, and lasted for more than 20 minutes. During the whole of that time a mixturo of gravel aud dust was showered upon the town, and it will, give thoso at a distance an idea of tho storm when wo say that wo were compelled to ' light up ' whilo it . lasted, owing to our office being darkened by tho amount of dust that was blown into it. When the dust had passed away a most wel- come rain commenced to fall, which made tho ) atmosphere bearable. Sad havoc was made II among the roofs of houses, but we have not ! ¡iJheard of any moro serious damage. Wo wore . i nearly losing a member of our reporting staff -whose business took lura to Mr. Rao's \- school' at Ironbark. Ho declares ho would have been blown away but for the assistance ?* of a fence, to tho bottom rail of which ho held . on until tho storm had passed, whon ho , 'picked himself up' with his pockets full of i ' dust, but minus his hat, and ho is inclined to think a portion of his hair." . i The Eldorado correspondent of the Ovens Spectator writes, under date 18th Decombor : "A fire broke out this morning about 4 . o'clock, in tho stable attachod to tho premises of Mr. Stamp, storekeeper and postmaster. It appears that Mr. Newton, the cordial ma- nufacturer, who lives next door, perceived smoke issuing from tho stable, and at once §ave tho alarm. Before anything could bo one, however, tho llames burst out on ovory side. Every possible effort was mado by those 'present to open'the door and roleaso tho horses, but tho attempt was fruitless, and three valuable animals wero burnt to death. Tho cries of the poor brutes are described as most appalling. Thoro appeared overy pro . bability of the firo extending to the store, and had this been tho case, all tho town might ( liavo been in flames. This was prevented by tho promptitude of thoso prosout, who pulled donn a building which stood between the stable and tho store. Nothing certain is known as to tito origin of the firo, but some think it was caused by some now hay which was stored in the building, igniting spontane- ously." , "On Monday, we," says the Ballarat Star, "were shown by, Mr. Pinnell a frag- ment of scarcely-fossilised .wood, taken from the bottom of No. 2 shaft of the mino of the Great Extended Eldorado Company, near Beechworth, at a depth of 216ft. below the surface. Mr, Alex . ander Hughes, mine manager, in communi- cating with'Mr. Pinnèll,\on lötli December, states that the wood had just been found, and that as the piece sent is the soundest ho had ever seen come out of an alluvial mine,, he deemed it of sufficient interest for transmis- sion. Much of the wood found seemed to have been very much shattered in its passage down the ancient stream, but since its arrest by the alluvial deposit it does not seem to havo undergone any material chauge. The wood shown to us is of a light brown colour, and presents the grain usual to coniferous timber, with a silky gloss. On being fired the wood burns easily, and omits an odour precisely like that procured on the burning of an ordinary pine match. One side of the timber has been charred, and that circum- stance would seem to indicate that bush-fires havo not been confined to the present age. Mr. Hughes says the wood resembles the existing Murray pine." A correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes from tho Mallee Scrub :-" We have had drought, we have had a run of seasons bad in every way, and now, to crown our misfor- tunes, we have had the most extensive bush fire that has over been known in this part of Victoria. On Monday, the 13th inst., a fire was seen in the large belt of mallee east of Lako Albacutya, out as the runs in that quarter are mostly unoccupied, the fire did not at first attract much attention. On Tuesday, the day being very hot, and a hot wind blowing, the flames travelled fast, and the smoke became dense. On Tuesday night a stream of fire 40 or 50 miles wide was rush- ing at a wonderfully rapid rate across the country from west to east. By this time Messrs. M'Girmis and Bell's fences wero reached, in spite of all efforts to prevent it. Now it raged with greater fury than over, and so continued burning throughout the whole of Wednesday and Thursday. Messrs. M'Ginnis have lost about 50 miles of fencing, and it was by the most strenuous exertions that the homo station was saved. Tho fire was accom- panied by a loud roar like that of breakers in a storm. The heat was so intense that no man could come within many hundred yards of tho fiery flood ; iu that waterless region the mon who were labouring to turn or stop its courso fainted with heat and thirst, and some woro carried home by their companions raving and frantic. The loss of fencing, which has not long been erected at great ex- penso, is of course very great ; but the worst of it is that tho material out of which fences can bo erected is all burnt, and how the coun- try is to bo enclosed again will be a problem hard to solve. Glass was scarce before, but now a very largo extent of country is a blackened smouldering desert. It has, been reported that three men who were fencing in that neighbourhood havo been burnt, but I have no certainty as to the truth of tho report, and it is to be hoped that it is not true. To- day (tho 20th) the fire is still raging, and is certain to continue for some time longer, if an opportune thunder shower does not come to our relief." ' ' For abouttwo hours, on Monday, at noon, " writes the Ararat Adveitiser, "wo appeared to be threatened with a repetition of the terrors of tho ever- remembered 'Black Thursday.' During the whole of the previous day and night a hot wind had been pouring down from the north, and there seemed no proba- bility of a chango. But shortly before one o'clock heavy clouds began to roll upward from the horizon to the north, west, and south. The sun was darkened as by a heavy fog, until the air seemed burthened by a weight of electricity which must ere long discharge itself in thunders upon the earth. The very light seemed electrical, and gave to distant objects unusual appearances. The moun- tains quivered in the intense heat of the yellow light ; the foliage on tho trees as- sumed an unnatural hue, as striking as it was distasteful ; the plains appeared to shake and tremble, while the crops they bear seemed touchedbysorao withering magic. People left their houses to remark upon the wonderfully strange effects produced by tho condition or the atmosphere, and all agreed that save on Black Thursday nothing Uko it had been seen. All around, savo in the east, black and threatening clouds mounted towards the zenith, covering half the beavens :the centre space was filled with a yellow light, into which the sun (which hung in the midst luce an incandescent globe) seemed ever to be darting vivid streamors of brighter light. This went on for an hour, the darkness increasing momentarily in such a manner as to suggest a solar eclipse ; thon it began to clear off, and finally blew over,»leav- ing the air moro hot and sultry than over, if possible. Our own observation of tho pheno- menon lends us to attribute it to the com- bined influence of an immense bush fire and a terrible dust storm. As we have said, a hot wind was blowing with tremendous forcef rom tho north, and it swirled up the dust in clouds, mingled it with tho smoko of a dis- tant fire, and so filled our atmosphere with tho lurid glare that at once attracted atten- tion and excited astonishment. Tho appear- ances, however, wero very nearly identical with those of the disastrous occasion to which wo have already referred, only the heat was not so intense nor the smoke so blinding." 