BUSH FIRES. It fortunately seldom falls to our lot, even in this bush-fire-ridden colony, to record such tragical event as recently occurred on Vorke's Peninsula. Bush fires ordinarily content themselves with a slow and stately march through the country, destroying in their course every blade of under vegetation, and shrivelling the foliage to the summit of the highest trees. In the present day, at all events, it is an unusual thing for beasts to be overtaken by the fiery pursuer, and very rarely indeed do men fall victims to it. In the early days of Australian settlement, when the grand spectacle of a forest on fire was a novelty, and little attention had been paid to the means for checking the progress of the conflagration, human life was at times sacrificed, and awe-struck new comers made the most of the occurrence in their letters home. But familiarity with this form of danger has robbed it of many of its terrors. The land has become peopled, and to a large extent intersected with roads, and the kindling of a fire in the bush does not necessarily mean the devastation of hundreds of square miles of territory. Looking from Adelaide, we can see fires blazing in all directions without feeling any peculiar apprehension for the safety of man or beast. Loss of property, we know, must ensue, but loss of life seldom. But the sad calamity to which we are referring has opened our eyes afresh to the fact that it is not only the fate of a few thousand acres of grass, a few hundred rods of fencing, and perhaps a few primitive huts, that is involved in the occurrence of a bush fire. Coming, as this one did, on a day almost unique in our history for heat and discomfort, it is perhaps not wonderful that it had such fatal consequences. The scorching blasts that swept over the country were enough in themselves to produce the utmost prostration, especially in a region so congenial to them as Yorke'B Peninsula. Life itself becomes burdensome when it has to be sustained under a temperature of 140° or 150°, and during such a sirocco as prevailed on Monday week. What wonder, then, that the shepherd and his son, with their flock of nearly 2,000 sheep, should fall a prey to the fire, which came down upon them, borne with fatal swiftness on the wings of the wind. Had they been on the alert they might perhaps have found a place of refuge igniting the grass in front of them, but probability is the flames came upon them unawares, and formed a circuit round them before they could escape. At such time and against such an adversary the bestlaid schemes for the protection of stock and stockmen prove of little avail. It will not b amiss to take advantage of this event to recall the fact that an Act exists upon the Statute-book to make provision against the danger of bush and other fires. However great may be the precautions against the spread of a fire once set agoing, prevention in this case is infinitely better than cure, and the Act standing as No. 18 of 1864 suggests many wholesome safeguards. It prescribes minutely the duties of farmers in regard to stubble-burning, and it imposes heavy penalties for foolhardiness or negligence on the part of travellers. Clause 2 enacts that ao fire for t the burning of hay, stubble, or grass shall be lighted between l9t November and the 15th April, except between the hours of 6 and 10 in the evening, unless other times are fixed by the District Councils. Under the [3rd clause it is rendered necessary that persons burning hay, stubble, or grass shall, besides : respecting the limitations of the preceding j clause, give notice to adjoining occupiers tor j a radius of five miles, have four persons at hand to assist in preventing the spread of the flames, and also have ploughed or cleared at least three feet around the field or place where the burning shall take place, or the inside of the fence or boundary thereof. Then follow clauses defining the character of the wadding not to be used for guns, pistols, or firearms during the months of September to April inclusive, and granting power to the owners of land to examine the stock-in-trade carried by sportsmen. Clause 6 is highly important, as the origin of numerous fires is attributable to causes which it seeks to provide a remedy against. It runs thus:—" If any person shall light or U66 any fire in the open air for the purpose of cooking, bivouacking, or for any other purpose without a space of ground around the same of the radius of ten feet at least having been cleared of all grass, bushes, and leaves, or branches of trees, or having lighted or used any such fire shall neglect fully and completely to extinguish the same before leaving the place, he shall, upon conviction, forfeit and pay a penalty of not less than £2 nor more than £5." Every colonist who has witnessed the disastrous effects of bush fires, and the great stake involved in exercising care to prevent their ravages, will endorse the justice of this provision. It is one which at this festive season of the year all picnicers should be thoroughly conversant with. Common sense Bhould dictate the use of the precautions here described; but, unfortunately, common sense too often requires a spur in the shape Of a severe penalty to stimulate it into action. A trifling neglect may very easily entail the destruction of thousands of pounds' worth of property, and, as illustrated lately on Yorke's Peninsula, of human life itself. There are other clauses of seasonable application in the Act. Thus, smoking in the open air within twenty yards of any stable, or of any rick or field of hay, corn, straw, or stubble, other than in towns during the months Of November to April inclusive, is punishable with a penalty not exceeding £2; whilst blasting trees during those months without the presence of four persons to prevent fire arising from the blast makes the offender liable to a fine of £5. The period during which these various restrictions remain in force is now current, and it is well for the public to remember the penalties attaching to breaches of the Act. The Government and the Press do their part in publishing yearly a digest of the law as it exists, and it remains for colonists to do their part in observing its provisions. 