TUMVT. (raou oub correspondent.) January 14th.— A very welcome change in the weather took place on Saturday last; towards evening the climcta gathered up in the west and on the following morning a fine eenial rain fell till near noon. It then cleared up, but the rain that had fallen produced a very beneficial effect by cooling the atmosphere and damping the dust of our streets, though it was not sufficient to extinguish the bush-fires which continue to rage with unabated fury. The abnvenientinncd change on Saturday was accompanied by a violent gale of wind, and shortly before 6 p.m. the inhabitants of Tumut were suddenly startled from their serenity by a series of indescribable sounds, which some compared to cannons fired at iron targets, sudden thunder, or falling trees. The commotion was caused by the whole of the corrugated iron roof, all of the battens, and some of the rafters of Mr. Mandelson's store being carried off by a whirlwiud, which crossed Russell-street and struck tho store at the corner with full force. Many of the sheets of iron were rent like strips of calico, and others, twisted into most fantastic shapes, were whirled to an incredible distance ; same pieces landing in the yard at the Bee-hive store, and a gocd deal of the iron and wood work being deposited about the Old Bose Inn. Strange to say, though several horses were hitched in front of ttiV verandah of that hostelry none were injured. One large raft of the metal, containing about 25 sheets, held together by battens, was carried clean over a horse and dray, and fell before Mr. Oodd's shop, on the opposite side of the street. No accident worth remarking occurred in the streets, which fortunate circumstance is to be accounted for by tho heavy dust squalls hiving previously driven most persons indojrs. Tho few who were abroad at the time made a precipitate, tf treat for shelter. A . number of . townsmen were quickly on the spot, in a very short time the large roof of the building was snugly covered with tarpaulins battened down, and by Tuesday the store was re-roofed. The loss to the proprietor is considerable, as very little of the old ro'fiug was agnin available, and this will entail the trouble of again removing much of the temporary roof when new material can be obtained. The roof of the new building escaped injury. ? The Tntnut Literary Society, held their uanal weekly meeting at the Court-house on Monday evening, last. The business consisted of readings and recitations. It is a trite but true saying that practice makes perfect, and the marked -improvement in style, Ac, of those members who take part in these weekly meet ings is a noticeable feature in them. At the' close of the meeting it wan announced that on Monday- next there will be a debate on the question ' Which has the greatest tendency to crime,- Poverty, or Riches 1' Themeeting convened at Mr. Simpson's on Tuesday, tie 12th inntant, for the purpose of organising Athletic 'Sporta for the 26th instant, w numerously attended, the subject «rai gone into with spirit, the funds already in band ' were generously supplemented, and several new features (as you see by the programme) were introduced into the sports, euch, for instance, as a hurdle race. I think I may safely assert, judging from the well-known energy of several of tho young men who. are pledged to carry out - the arrangements, that thesa m&nlv; exercises- -will nrove a Brest success and deserving of extensive patronage.' In order to increase tho value of prizes' award- ed to the ' competitors, subscription lists are opened at the various stores, and at the Horse and Jockey and Mona We Hotels, ' ' We have bad a visit from ti» Start troupe of Minstrels, who gave ,two of their entertain ments at Simpsun's Assembly room, . on Satur day and Monday last. Tha attendance was meagre. In consequence of the performance following so clone upon the Christmas, holidays, I suppose. It u no puff to say these perform ers are far superior to the average' travelling Berenadors one tees' in these parts; Their music 19 good, their time excellent, _ their witiciams clever and free from vulgarity)' and there is a spioe of originality, about their performance which renders it attractive. Oar Land 'Agent reports -the -following conditional purchases -~ John Sullivan, 80 acres at Gjlmore ; Williaai Woods, 60 acres at Yaven^Creet' ' / ' ,' .''~~: * .'. A meeting to ' consider the' desirability of obtaining a town' common .for Tumut was . held aftuo C6u&hf-u;» on -We4uewlay even ing, Mr. L. Mandelson presiding. After various suggestions had been made it was finally, agreed to confide Jfre matter to, the care o'f our Member, E.G. Brown rEsq., who* undertook .to confer with, the Minister for Lands on the subject. This agitation .having been commenced will, I trust, be carried out successfully. -^ & ' On tho 'same evening a meeting; of the Turf Clubvwas held at the Woolpack Din, the result of which your advertising columns will show. It is evidently the firm intention of the members of the club to 'raise tho. character of racing in Tumut. \r- , On Sunday last rather a serious accident happened to the eldest son of Mr. Thomas MulvihiU. The lad, who had been swinging with some other children on tho limb of a tree that grew near his home, missed his hold, fell to the ground, and fractured one of his arms. Dr. Lynch, who had been summoned to attend another of Mr. MulviluW. children set the injured limb. .' 