LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Dibastboub Ftee at Matoubak. — We have with mach regret to add another case to the long chapter of accidents from bash-fires which hare taken place during the present rammer. On the 9th inst. the Church and residence of Mr. Peel and Mr. H. H. Hall at Uandnrah were burned to the giound by a bash fire. It appears that in the afternoon of that day the thatched roof of the Church was observed to be on fire, when Mr. Peel and such men as were on the premises endeavoured to rescue all that could be secured from the interior, bat they wereoalyabletodrag out the harmonium, when they discovered that the flames had caught die roof of Mr. Peels' boose, some few hundred yards distant. In a short time the fire had made sucb headway that but little was oared. On seeing the smoke, Mr. Hall and Mr. Tomer, with Mr. Tackey and same other neighbour*, hastened to the scene of the fire from where they were engaged, some distance down the river, but all help wag then nseless, the building having a thatched covering, and built principally of wood, the flames had rendered the whole fabric a smouldering mass. We believe Mr. Hall is the greater loser, all hU hoosehoM effects, papers, Ac., being destroyed, while Mr. Peel managed to secure the greater portion of his property, as the part of the house occupied by Jim was situated at the opposite end to that in which the fire commenced. Bush-fires had been raging in the vicinity for some days previously, but not within a considerable distance of the premises; and it is supposed that the fire originated in a piece of burning paper-bark driven acriss by the wind and settling on the Church, tor the wiad was very high at the time. We refrain from making any remarks on the reported conduct of a man who was passing at the time of the fire, in whose power it was both to have given bis own asnstanse and to have taken the intelligence to other* of the disaster, but neglected todoeo. If he haddone that which every individual, . under such pressing circumstances, is bound to do, probably the greater part, if not the whole, of Mr. Hall's property, excepting the dwelling, would have been saved. Br the mail, Deputy Assistant Commissary 3few land* attached to the Commissariat Department in tbis colony, received intimation cf his promotion to the rank of Assistant Commissary General. The death of assistant Commissary General Sale, at Chat ham, is announced, and will be much regretted. It is with great satisfaction that we learn that our fellow-townsman, Mr. Glaskin's, jewellery, which was stolen from Lis shop some weeks since, has been dis covered, and is now in the bauds of the police. A suspicions circumstance occurred which led the police to examine an unoccupied grant fkcing Mr. Helms' residence, and on searching round the stump of a tree, some feet below the surface, che ' plant' was bit upon, concealed in a bag. Sm A, E. Kennedy, C.B.— By the last mail Mr. W. Barges received a letter from Sir A. E. Kennedy, dated from Arrica, West Coast of Africa. Our old Governor, Sir Arthur, holds the very responsible position of Governor-in-Chief of the British Posses sions on the Western Coast of Africa, and has a large steam yacht at his command. It is gratifying to know that he is in good health, and that he enjoyB the very handsome salary of £4,250 a-year. Recently in one of bis coasting excursions he discovered a large and navigable river, which will prove, it is said, a great boon to the commerce of the country through which it passes. 