GEKJËBÀL news. The weather at Bathurst has been very hot of late, and at least ose dcaíh has oocurred from sunstroke. The harvest in progressing in that looality, but reapers are vary scarce. On Sunday morning, 27th, about daylight, Mrs. W. J. Stanger (daughter of the Eev. H. H Gaud, c£ Sydney) was seized with an epilep- tic fit, and died before the arrival of medical assistance. Suspensions seem to be. the order of the day at Forbes ; the Police Magistrate, the Clerk of Petty Sessions, and the local manager of the Joint Stock Bank, are all of them at present in that enviable predicament. The moonlight concert in the Domain, in aid of the Sydney Soap Kitchen, realised £125. The A.S.N. Company have adopted a dis« tinctive number for each of the thirty steamers comprising their fleet. The number of each vessel will be hoisted under the house flag upon her arrival at' Sydney. Near Hay a cook, named Barnes, engaged at Eli Elwah station, on the Murray, has been drowned. He was fond of fishing, and adopted a Murray plan for low- water seasons, stretching a line across the diminished river, and hanging therefrom several baited fish-lines. He went out on Saturday night, 19th ult., as usual, to examine his lines, and was found floating in the water, dead, three days after. He was supposed to have overbalanced himself and fallen in. The &. M. Herald of Thursday describes a pair of ladies' work-tables, exhibited at the es- tablishment of Mr. John Fairfax, jan., of Wil- liam- street. These tables are made of colonial woods, beautifully inlaid, and highly polished ; they were made by a joiner named Henry Bil linghursfc, by candlelight, of an evening, after his return from his ordinary occupation. One of these tables contains 250, and the other 300, pieces of wood in the top. A fatal accident from fire occurred at Wodonga a few days ago Lo a Mrs. Whyman, who was preparing tea when a strong gust of wind blew her dress against the fire, and she was instantly envoloped in flames. Her hus- band and two ladies at once exerted themselves in extinguishing the flames, but before that could be accomplished the unfortunate lady was' so severely burnt that she has since expired. Mr. Whyman and one of the ladies who assisted were also burnt. The remains of an old man named Patrick Murnane were found lately in the bush near Sandy Creek in the Mudgee district. He was very old and infirm, and is supposed to have become exhausted with the heat, and thus perished. The aldermen of the Goulburn Borough Council are goiDg to erect in the Market Square a memorial stone, commemorative of the Goul- burn municipality of 1868. A woman named Franklin went down to the river at Yass, the other day, to drown herself. After she had entered the water, a man came up and prevented her ; but he gave her first a few " duckings," to cure her of the fancy. The Weather on the Hawkesbury. The weather at present is anything but favour- able for thegrowing crops of maize on high lands. The crops on the swamp lands, and other low places, look very promising at present, but a few hours' rain would b<j very acceptable now, and would probably be the means of saving hundreds of acres which are now cobbing. Should the weather continue dry another month there will be a very deficient crop. Bush fires are raging in all directions, and the stock will no doubt sufier very severely.-Ccr. of S, if. Herald, Dec. 81. The Illawarra Mercury relates that a party were fishing for schnapper on Boxing Day, but their sport was considerably marred by the large number of sharks that were about. One of these monsters, however, they succeeded in cap- turing, with a common bream line, the hook having caught in the fin of the shark. Bush-fires prevailed last week in many parts of the colony. One of the coast steamers re- ported extensive bush-fires as prevailing along the ooast near Jervis Bay. The Albury Border Post says that that town was in mach danger from the number of bush-fires around, some of which approached the outskirts of the town very closely, and required heating back. The town common was swept clean by them. The harvest at Rockley (says the Bathurst Tunes') is looking remarkably well, but the farmers are much inconvenienced hy the want of labour to get in their crops. Hon. Mrs. Du Cane.-The Hon. Mrs. Du Cane is the daughter of the late Lord Chancellor Lyndhurst by his seoond wife, the daughter of late Mr. Goldsmith.-S. M. Herald, Dec. 31. Mr. R. Rogers, veterinary surgeon, of Sydney, writes to the Herald recommending that endea- vours should be made, hythe Sydney Botania Garden authorities, to obtain from India seeds or plants of two small plants growing wild in Upper India, the infusion of which, in milk, is a cure for the most deadly snake bites. They are plants of the genus frioho, and are well« known in Indian botany-although which of the two is the best snake-bite remedy is not certainly known to the European doctors of India. Dr, Maxwell, of the Bengal Medical Service, ig Mr. Rogers's authority. Breach of Promise Case at Auckland. -The Evening News of Thursday copies from the Auckland journals the particulars of a very remarkable breach of promise case, wherein the plaintiff was a Miss Margaret Knox, and the ' defendant was,William Alexander Hunt, the . principal shareholder in the celebrated "Hunt's, '« claim " on the Thames gold-fields. The damage«, were laid at £5000. It would appear from the evidence that about October 1867 the defendant was desirous of getting married, and an accom- modating friend of his, Mrs." Messenger, very kindly gave a party, and invited a number of young ladies for him to ohoose from. The choice of defendant fell upon Miss Knox, the plaintiff, and he seems te have made love, as Sam Weller would say, " wery fiercely," for in the course of a week he had proposed, and, was accepted, and a sort of formal beVpthme^t took plape, by his putting a diamond ring on her finger, whpn Mrs. Messenger "pat both their hands together, and kissed them both, and blessed them, and then they went away to« gether," as that lady observes in the course of her evidence The marriage' was arranged to take place in March, but at that time the de- fendant broke off the match, alleging as a reason that he had seen Miss Knox kiss a Mr. Brook, at a wedding party : and in August last he mar« ried another lady. Evidence was given as to the means and position of the defendant, in the course of whioh it was stated that Hunt's claim was worth £112,000, and that the defendant's share of the last dividend was over £9000, and he must have received altogether over £}2,0.0ÔJ from the claim. A verdict was returned for the, plaintiff, with £1300 damages. Three oheera, were afterwards given for the lady outside the, court. Bank Robbery at Braidwood.-We leam from the Braidwood Dispatch that the branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank at Braid- wood was broken into and robbed, in the most daring manner, on Saturday (Boxing D*y^. The manager (Mr, Gilham) and his family» \\\ appears/ h»d sPent tne day ** tne »tWetie sports, and on their return, about, five in the evening, they discovered that the back door had been broken in. The robbers hadihua had the range of the whole premises, but they did not suo ceed in getting any money beyond a half sover«. eign and about thirty-five cancelled notes ofjoo value, whioh they took from a box containing . two or three thousand. An attempt had been made to open onûrof the iron safes, which was unsuccessful, but they took with them three leather bags full of ^he refuse of gold cleanings, whioh being sealed up, the robbers no doubt believed to consist of the precious metaL 4 loaded revolver belonging to the manager was, also taken. No clue has yet been discovered, trj the guilty parties. A man named Holmes has been arrested at Bombala on a charge of attempting to murder Stephen Kerrison, of Cranky Plains. Attempted Robbery oJ? the Goulburn Mau.-The S. M. Heraldía informed hy a pas- senger by the mail from Goulburn on Thursday, that an attempt was made by an armed bushranger to "stick-up " the coach, at the rise of a hill about ten miles on this Bide of Goulburn, about half an hour after midnight. -The robber emerged from the bush and ordered the driver to stop ; thinking the man wished, to be a pas«. senger, he was about to comply, when th$ bushranger fired off a revolver, the wadding from which entered the coach, and set fire to the crinoline of one of the lady passengers. The driver immediately lashed the horses into a gallop, and they dashed up the hill at a rapid pace, leaving the bushranger (who did set attempt to follow) behind ; and beyond the alarm, and the damage to the lady's areas, no barm was done. MAITLAND ¡-Printed and publlihedby Aiexander Faix», wie proprietor, at Wa Gênerai. Printing Office, (»hier oí " High and Hunter itreeU. 