LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. notices 01' motion. By Mr Berry : That steps be. taken by the Railway Department to provide reasonably de cent third class carringes, and run the samo on the Viotoriau Railways 1 onoo at least on each working-day, to and from each open station, at a : fare not exceeding throe-halfpence per mile for : each adult By Mr M'Bain To draw the attention of tlib; lion, the Commissioner of Lands to the incon venience experienced by the public owing to the , non-publication of Crown grants wlmn ready fori delivery, ;;ai)d to.askif.it is t|)e,intentjon jpf thel Government to furnish the necessary information' ns was previously done, through the Government Guzotto.' _ . . By Mr Madartnoy : To- ask the Commissioner of Railways anil Roads whether lie has any ob jection to name specifically the day upon wlncli he ivill move the second reading of the Railway Construction Bill. ... , r By Mr Kitto : To ask the lion, the Minister ot Mines when he intends to clear tlio Barkor s Creek reservoir," and erect the valve tower in con nection with this work. . _ -. , In reply toa-Mr "Russell,- the '-hon. the Cluet Secretary stated ; that his1 attention' had been diveotod to the filcV that 1 miners aro sometimes kept at work underground on election days tor the purpdse of k'ooping them from recording their votes, nnd the desirability of altering the ElectoM Aot so tlmt the time for polling might, be extoniled to 6 o'clock in the afternoon. No uew-Eleotoral Act could, -however, 'bo introducea this session. .. ' '' ' ... Mr Connor presented a petition from certain farmers at Colao, .praying that some concession would be made to them under1 the now liana Bill on account of losses by bush-fires during tlio last two or three years ; aiid that the new JJni might be passed as soon as possible. ' : fn: roply to Mr Duffy, Mr M'QuHoeb stated 'tlmt it was 'intended', to proceed with the Lana Bill on Tuesday. .. . " After some further unimportant . jjroliminaiy < ' ' - : >1._ TT ...... t- Infn nrttVI ft) 1 Hflfi DTI Lilfi .Business,; ineja.oii5e n cm — - --- - r Municipal Corporations Law Amendment Jiul. ; In clause oi, MrDyte proposed an amendment of date from the 20th June to the 10tn of that month for tlio last day of paying rates, m order to entitle the ratepayers to be enrolled. _ , Mr Casey intimated that if the working or measure was thus needlessly alte£cd Jiqqum. lfarr%liiSnaiiinlroumwfibIoTjill to be gone'througli, in order to harmonise one part with, another. He would, however,'/ make the Mr Cohen said that some twenty local bodies had signified their desire for the- alteration, in order to give them time to make up tiieir accounts and ho thought the Minister of Justice ought not to shrink from the trouble of making the alteration. ; Mr Reoves supported the amendment as re commended by the conference, with the view of giving town, clerks longer time to make, up-, the rolls. . - . - ; ' . - ,. . Mr Lnngton expressed a similar opinion, and MrDylo accused the Minister of Justice- of want of attention to the recommendation of the -con ference, although he had asked them for Bugges- tions. Mr Casey said that lie. would have no objec tions to carry out the dosire of the committee if the amendment was agreed to. , ) The clause was then passed. /, : . V In clause , 55. some further alterations of date were made. Ciqusgs.to 08 were passed with yer-: — to the questions - to -be, put to voters/ Mr Dyto took objection to the; first question, viz. " "What is your Christian and surname?"' on: the ground that Chinamen; vvould be disfraucliised, as they had no Christian u'ame/ He mentioned thisrnltho'ngh he' would rather not see Chinamen on the roll. Mr Reeves thought tlmt there was nothing, in the objection which would equally apply to per-, sons of the Jewish persuasiou. . Mr Dyte said tlmt the Jews had Christian, names, "' tliey had surnames which were'synony-; mous to Christian names." ! Mr Mackny thought that there wore ' some1 in- , telligent Chinamen who were as muoh entitled to vote as Europeans. Mr Casey said that the words Christian : name; in the "clause iperely meant a " pre-nomen," without, reference to religion. , ! At this stngo the .ilisauaaiMiBHMIbn8 : Ivnrwr mtn aww :innni.K-iin%«r>»>> \ Wednesday Evening. : ' \- -In the Supreme Court £o-duy. before the Chief! /Justice, the action against Colonel Bull, ns'War-/ deu of the district, at the suit of — — Morgnuti,! l-esultod iu a verdict for the defendniit. Mr Mer-i rifield was the solicitor for tlio respondent/and: Mr Geake,' of -Dayleaford, for the appellant/ The action brought, by MrDuruut, of Castle-; maine, against- Mr Walfer Montgomery for breach of .engagement, will most probably come , on to-morrow before' the Chief Jitstide oiid a jury! .of four. Y The damages_ are laid at £250. .Several! members of the theatrical profession liavo boon subpamaed ; on either side.. //. The defepee, wo he- . lieve, will ;be Ih'aV the piaiiiliff did'not' suffer auy- loss, and that it was. -not .safe for defendant's1 theatrical -reputation ' to' play iindor tlio circum-i stances which occurred at tlio (,ime. ; : -"./ -Xhe /Ministerial, Land -Bill, having'' navy; been 3ljid' q'ji ii blip ineitenso, it very.' naturally . follows tliat both, the principles and details of that! measure now form the chief topic of conversa- ; iu.qa here, as.idoubtless by this timo they are.al-: readv doincr in other narts of tbn onnnlrv . And on a question which so largely affects the interests not only, of . the present colonists, but of those persons who may at a future day emigrate hither from the inolher-country, it is but natural that a great diversity of opinion should be expressed. I find, however, that it is very generally thought, even by those persons who, as a rule, are the frieuds of literal progress, and . as large a de velopment of tlio agricultural resources of the land of their adoption as possible, that the powers and prerogatives' reserved iu Mr Grant's Bill to the official head of the Department for tlio tium being, are, to say theleast, somewhuttoo ex tensive aud too arbitrary. It is true very few persons, of whatever shade of political opinion, doubt the good intentions and the liberal ideas of the present Commissioner of Lands, but then it. is remembered tlmt we may not ' always have a Grant in tlmt position ; and the question imme diately arises ns :to wlmt might liappen in the event of the Minister for the time being hnviug a penchant for the auction system ; since according to the 32ud section- of tlio new bill, "All lands of tho Crown in Victoria, wherever situated," may bo thus dis posed of. Again there aro many persons who1 think tho squatting portion of the bill deals rather too arbitrarily with tlio pastoral teiinntB, and leaves them too muoh at the mercy of' the Minis ter of tlio day, Whatover differences of opinion may exist as to these aud similar points iu tho measure, however, all are agreed in thinking that tbero will be a " great fight" over the bill beforo it bacoines law ; 1 and I hear further that steps are already being takon to organise a strong op position for the purpose of defeating it in Parlia ment ; or, if tlmt he found impossible, of bo maiming the bill in its passage through com mittee that its whole. character slmll be altered. . Although rumour is still busy with tho names of suah occupants of the " Ministerial benches " as are thought to have a reasonable pro3poet of filling up the vacant "posts in tho Cabinet, tho members of tlmt, bpdy. nre,. evidently keeping their own counsel upon the subject, and all. that can Do siud upon the subject is tlmt in the now prolmblo event of the continued refusal of Mr Francis to return to his old quarters at the Cus tom House, the olmncos of succeeding. Mr Vale are pretty equally divided between Messrs Berry and Wilson. Perhaps both of these gentlomen will be made room for at the Executive Council Board. , Qui vicra vcrra ! Tho friends of the lato Rev. "W. Hill will, no doubt, bo glad to learn that they may now obtain at a very reasonable prico an excollont litho graph portrait of 'tlmt uufortunato gentleman. This likeness, which is quite a masterpiece of colcnjal art, has been some time in preparation by Messrs Whitehead and Co., of Collins-street, is now/ready for sale. Being much larger thou an ordinary lithographic portrait it would form a conepiououe object if framed and hung up iu a room ; and it is probably for this purpose that a large pumber of thb copios will bp purohosed;by the friends and' admirers of the late minister. I learn' that considerable improvements will shortly bo effected - ot thoso portions of the wharves of' this city whioh lie immediately to the east of that known ns tlio Quoqn e Wlmrf. _ A confused pile of tumble-down old buildings w.lnch have'long disgraced tlint spot are to uo removed forthwith, and sundry other extensive ropairs and alterations' aro to bo made. Tenders for thoso useful- works wero oponod at the Board of Land nnd Works to-day, nnd although, in tlio absence of Mr Grnnt, nono wero notually and . unconditionally accopted, it' was announced by tlm Inspector-General tlmt the lowest tender -for tlio improvements wiis tlmt of Mr A. Cooper, at £>202 10s, and for the removal, of the old build- iugs that of Mr James ;Noonan, nt £141 17s. B ' . COMMERCIAL. . With: regard to business to-day- the bread- stuffs market has boen in a state of. oompjoto stagnation. A large parcel of oats wasAisposed of at auction at 3s lOid for common New ' Zea land 4s Id for Tasmaniati.f Inferior samples sold as low as ' from - 3s Id to) 3s 4d, Maize realised 4s per bushel. ; A small, parcel of wool- packs 'was disposed of at 4s. A parcel_ of Bavariau hops, nil faults, fetched middhog prices considering condition. (From the Herald.) Seamen appear to labour'under the impression that when thoy are on shore thoy are at liberty to oreate as much disturbance ns tliey please without being interfered with. Last night. Con stable Cash, hearing a great disturbance at the Union Hotel, Boiirko-streot, proceeded to tlio spot, nnd there found sovornl seamen in a stato of semi-intoxication, quarrolling, and using most disgusting language. He cautioned them against such conduct, when one of them, named Louis T, arson. Mixed him by thoUiroat.qnd hit. liioldf ijuruuiiMWTfio'reiikya u4t"bettst tliimahtv " 'man being. A severe scuffle eusued, iii which both came to the ground, and when down, two of the men's shipmates, llnmed . Charles Selby and Dhnrles Sandburyi set upon the constable, kicked him sevorely about the body, and tearing his hair and whiskers out by tlio roots. Auother constable coming up" at the time, the throe were seoured aud looked in the watchhouse, nnd this morning were brought beforo tho magistrates aud fined'/ I1? Information reached town this morning that the afterdeck of the Hurricane had burst open, a - number of the timbers having floated to tlio sur face. A man named Nicholls, employed at tlio work of discharging the cargo, was severely in jured by one of the timbers striking him and broaking Bomo of bis ribs. As there still remains a large quantity of goods in the hold of the ves- ,-: sal, tliis mishap will seriously interfere with the work of salvage. " j Mr W. S. Lyster arrived in Melbourne yester day by the Hero from Auckland, having/loft California on tbo 15th March. His sltccess iu San Francisco was by no moiius unqualified. He opined in the " Huguenots" to a mugnificont house, but . the opera was received very ooldlj'. After a season of four weeks duration, the result 'of-.' which wits a heavy loss to tho impresario, Mr Lyster brought-/ (lie season to an abrupt termina tion. .The Lyster troupe is not completely broken — up. - Mr Lyster proposes to organise another opera company ' iu Australia, nud will be joinedl about Christmas by Mr Beaumont. '.Anew and strange flower is nt present on at Messrs Lang and Co.'s, nurserymen florists, Elizabeth-street. It is called the H litzia Regime, a rare herbaceous pianraH Cape of Good Hope. TbisibtfHHH and to bears deep iPK>yvRSI 1 loi'm ' We founder and spirit-rapping, and tbo He down to1 exploro its recesses, glare of a'couple of diamond balls, justH corner. The rat made a holt, not into tliH| tloman's month,; but the room, and a chase en- 'sued forthwith. There was another gent there, and lie top bolted — whether to shut the door or es cape" tlio rat is not quite certain. Well, romem- brance had faded dull, aud (imo brought its usual '4.6'clqek, and the papers wero being tucked in for .tliehight; but the rat had been llicro, and there were theremnautsof valuable public dooUments It ( must have been aCoustitutional enemy liaving com pleted the 1 transmigration of his soul — an evi dent traitor . in the camp. There was a clerk 1 present who did not" fear rats or traitors, and the door was shnt, and the rat succumbed to a ruler. We have h'eard.that the " rats forsnlce a sinking ship " — who lias not ? Who will argue that au inroad of rats into a ship is not an omen that the ship will have a lucky voyage? It was a pity to kill tho poor thing, but lie could not be allowed to 1 live upon the public records. Avery cowardly trick was perpetrated on the evening of the 30th of May by some party or parties unknown who wilfully destroyed tho .water meter (by breaking the glass and removing the1 indicators therefrom) connected with the Yah Yean'servico pipe convoying wntdr'to the works of the Alfred Graving Dock. A reward of £10 has been offered to any person giving suffii cieut information- as . will warrant a/conviclloa against the persons who committed this mean act. . ;/ Some few weeks'sincalii movement was iuitiated for the purpose of raising a sum of money to present a testimonial to Tom Wills, for bis services in pro moting cricket iu tbe colony, but from some reason or another the matter seems to have fallen to the ected by the members of the committee appointed. Another portion of the cricketing fraternity havo started a subscription, to present a sum of money to Sam Cosstick for his cricketing services, as he is at present without employment. A carpenter of the namo of Cla-k, employed at Mill's timber, yards, Fliudors -street, sustained a serious accident early this morning, by falling from tbe second- etoroy dowu amougstaheap of glass. Ho wae at once carried to tbo Hospital, but at presont it is hnrd to say what the effects of the fall mar be. 