[ TELEGRAPHIC \HVV>. [From oar own Correspondents. ] VICTORIA. Melbourne, February 20. The weather is vt y not. The Aboriginal Cricket Match has commenced. The Himalaya, acting on orders received by the Mail, proceeds to New Zealand, thence to Brisbane and Sydney. Flour is very quiet. Melbourne, February 22. A boat has been upset in-the Bay. Mr. Conradi, a stevedore, with his two sons, and foreman, and Mr. Percy, a schoolmaster at Williamstown, were drowned. An influential Underwriters' Association, for the better inspection of woolships, is to commence operations in March. The steamship Otago was offered at auction, when the highest bid was £12,500 ; but the reserve being £14,000 she was not sold. The University matriculation is fixed for Wednesday. At the aboriginal cricket match the Victorians made 175 runs for six wickets. The blackfellows have no chance. The Galatea anchored at 4.40 p.m., and Prince Alfred landed privately towards dusk, and drove to Toorak. As desired there was no demonstration. Melbourne, February 23. Prince Alfred has been entertained by His Excellency Sir J. H. Manners-Sutton at Toorak. He is to attend the Mayor's Ball on Thursday, and then proceeds to the country. His Boyal Highness has accepted an invitation to Barwon Park and to the Geelong races, the entries for which are numerous. "After Dark" is drawing crowded houses at the Theatre RoyaL The Prince drove through Collins-street, and afterwards walked about town, being little interfered with. He dines at the Club to-night. j McOulloch's financial statement shows a surplus carried forward to this year. The Aboriginal Cricketers made a total of 140 runs. Various games concluded the day's sport. Madame Anna Bishop has returned from Kew Zealand by the Albambra. Extensive bush-fires in the Western District liave destroyed a large area of grass and i extent of fencing. Many of the free selectors I are in consequence ruined. Flour and wheat are being shipped to England. Melbourne, February 24. The Prince and his suite, with the officers of the Galatea, dined at the Club last night. There were about 100 present. To-night is a command night at the Theatre itoyaL A dispute in the Lands Titles Office lias resulted in the suspension of Mr. Chambers. ! The Treasurer's financial statement is generally considered satisfactory. The Assembly have suspended the Stand-. ing Orders, and passed through a temporary Supply Bill. The Pi'ince drove through the suburbs today. He was allowed to pass as a private ' gentleman. He is to be at the Theatre iioyal to-night. i Markets are generally quiet. r lour steady. Sales of whait for export arc causing greater firmness. Sugars have a downward teud^mcy. Melbourne, Febniarv 25. Tiie Assembly lias made considerable progress with the Estimates. Tiie Duke of Edinburgh and tlie G jvernor, with, their suite, visited the Theatre last night. It vras crammed, and liuiiilreds were unable to find admission. The Prince dines at Toorak to-day. A large number of leading colonists liave been invited to meet him. The Mayor's ball 'will take place this evening. Dr. Mueller, Curator of the Botanic Garden, Las received the rank of Companion of the Order of St. Iviieha;l and St. George. Mr. Lockhart Morton his patented a new | wool-press. The trial has proved satisfactory. J Sailed—Alexandra. | The Aldinga, from Adelaide, is off the i Heads. The Assembly have progressed with the ! Estimates, and adjourned till Tuesday, j Great preparations are being made for the Mayor's ball to-night. Arrived—City of Vienna, from Glasgow. Melbourne, February 26. Two thousand persons were present at the s Prince's ball, which was kept up to an early hour this morning. The Prince proceeded to-day to Bar won Park for rabbit hunting. The Galatea is now open for further inspection. Mr. Bonsey, Police Magistrate at G eelong, j has retired on a pension. The weather is showery". Feeding grain is dull. | There is a good enquiry for wheat; but j little is offering. J At the Colonial Bank meeting the first | resolution requiring that the Directory shall j consist or six duly-qualiSed proprietors v.a; carried, the Directors withdrawing their ! opposition ; the second, providing that two of the Directors shall retire annually, one only of whom shall be eligible for reelection, was negatived by a majority of 100 votes. For the new rice, ex Portlaw. biddings i did not come within £3 of the importer's ! reserve. It was, therefore, withdrawn. ! NEW S017TH WALES. | ** Sydney, Febiumy 20. i The Mistral and Xaiifa started at 10 i o'clock for an ocean race to Broken Bay and back, with wind light. The Avoea arrived at 9 yesternight. The Assembly have been again counted out i on the Newspaper Postage Repeal Bill, i Sydney, February 23. j The steamer Fire King ran into the barque J Mary Miller, bound for China, yesternight, j Several persons Avere injured, and both j vessels were much damaged. i The portion of evidence against O'Farrell j having accomplices Las been disproved by ' two persons who took the house alleged to | have been taken by O'Farrell to shoot the | Prince from. A moonlight concert by the Band of the i 50th Regiment for the benefit ox the Hos\x=req-\ ! pital was a great success. ! Sydney, February 24. I 1 he Assembly was again counted out early | yesternight. The Opposition intend to make i another efi'ort to oust the Ministry. The supporters of the Government are mustering i strongly, politics becoming a mere struggle | for office. The publicans are organizing opposition to the Permissive Liquor BUI. Sydney, Februaiy 25. ! The Assembly sat till 3 o'clock discussing ! the vote for the Prince's entertainment, after I which the sum of £1,050 was voted. | The skip St. Vincent is reported to liave | been wrecked in Cook's Straits, and 24 lives j lest. i Two wealthy squatters have been eom\x=req-\ j initted at Glen Imies for cattle-stealing, i Sydney, February 26. j Tlie Geelong takes 14o,(>; :0 sovereigns, j The Assembly refused to vote the salary j for the Commissioner of llailways. on the I ground that the officer is unnecessary, j A small portion of the Estimates was | passed yesternight. | Captain Hovell's trial for murder is post\x=req-\ | poned until May. Arrived—Phil lis : nd Lass of Gawler, from i Adelaide. 