PERTH GAZETTE & W.A TIMES " Be just and fear not Let all the ends thou im'st a- be tly country's Thy God's, and truth's."-Shakepear FRIDAY FEBRUARY 26TH 1869 Summary for the Mail Our last month's Summary was closed in the midst of a wonderful state of public excitement consequent upon the arrival of the Duke of Edinburgh in the Galatea only a few hours previously, a month has since passed away and we have not yet ceased to gossip upon what occurred du- ring His Royal Highness's brief visit. Of course it was not to be expected that every one would be pleased with all that was said and done during the three days which, it may be said, constituted his ac- tual stay among our people, but we have at Least the satisfaction of believing the Prince left us very well pleased with what little he had seen of us and our country, and certainly without having been bored by an excessive amount of state ceremony, robbed, mobbed, or shot at, not with stand ing the antecedents of a considerable por- tion of our community. Fortunately the weather was, for February, unnsually cool, and people were able to make holiday with some little comfort, and holiday was made by one and all in Perth and Fre- mantle, the banks and stores were closed and business of all kinds except as re- gards the necessaries of life, unanimously suspended from the Wednesday until the following Monday, when the people began to recover from their unwonted state of excitement. For an account of what toot place dur- ing the eventful three days, we must refer readers to our Supplement. The royal visit drowned all other topics for the month, even the search for gold, which previously occupied public atten- tion faded away before it, and has not since recovered its prominence in discus- sion, not with standing one or two fresh re- ports of findings, which like all others before them lived for a day or two, and nothing more was heard of them. The party subsidised by the Government is still at work near Kelmscott, tut have not found anything of the precious metal, we are told however from time to time " the indications are very promising," as how- ever shafts have been sunk upwards of fifty feet in depth, if it does exist there the future diggers will have some trouble to get at it. We still have to regret the non arrival of Sir Benjamin Pine who, we learned by the last mail, had obtained farther leave of absence until the 22nd ult. We have several times adverted to the embarrass- ment caused to the existing administra- tion of the Government, as to some im- portant points, by the state of uncertainty as to when His Excellency may be really expected to arrive, he not having thought proper to communicate with any person in the colony. Perhaps the most pres- sing and important question waiting for decision is or, rather, was, that respecting the execution of extensive public works at Champion Bay, in order to afford work and relief to the unfortunate farmers who were reduced to starvation point "by the entire loss of their crops through red rust. Partial relief has for some time been given in the shape of food, which the poor fellows were told they would have to pay for another year, but this system soon proved to be productive only of a certain feeling of despair, the men feeling that day by day they were only adding to their load of debt, which inhibited all hope of independence for many a year to come, let them toil as they may. What the people asked for-the opportunity of wurkiug for their living, was 'obviously the "best policy to be followed',' but was denied to them because of the" unwilling- ness of the ad-interim Government to enter upon any extensive work requiring a large expenditure, notwithstanding the fact of there being a large surplus in the Treasury. This has gone on from month to month, the executive awaiting the'Go- vernor's arrival, and the people sinking deeper and deeper into despair, until things began to be so serious-the execu- tive could delay no longer, and oh Tues- day last agreed to sanction an expendi- ture of .£1,500 on such works'as may be recommended by the Road Committees of the district, as a temporal'/ relief which may be extended or not according to the pleasure of Sir Benjamin Pine, when he arrives. The sum may appear small to readers at a distance, but to the poor Greenough farmers it will prove to be the difference between hope and de spair, and we can well imagine the satis- faction the arrival of the intelligence that they are to be allowed to work for their living, will diffuse among the agricultu- ral population of the north. The intelligence brought by the last mail respecting the English markets for our colonial produce, had the happiest effect in diffusing a degree of confidence in the future, previously sadly absent in the settlers ; by the same month's mails from the colonies cheering advices were also received as to a future great demand for timber. Year by year our jarrah wood advances in favor, as in fact, it re- quires many years to prove what the timber is, and the longer it is known the more certain its splendid quality will be recognised it is sure to prove the time will yet come when it will be the timber used in all important works throughout the east and the colonies, and our enormous forests of it will prove to be the true golden fields of Western Australia. Since the departure of the Duke of Edinburgh we have undergone a most unacceptable alteration in the weather, which up to the day of the royal visitor's departure, had been the coolest and most delightful of warm seasons ever expe- rienced ixi the colony, even by that won derfulperson" the oldest habitat." Only two or throe days had been warm enough to prove to us the time of year that was passing by. Since that day however Feb- ruary has put forward its claim to be con- sidered our hottest month with a ven- geance, and the atmosphere suddenly changed from its normal clearness with an intensely blue sky, to one clouded with the smoke from bush fires covering hun- dreds of miles of country and a hot blaz- ing, almost coppery, sun, and what is worse than all our cool nights have gone, and in their place, the cessation of the sea breeze is the signal for the heated smother- ing smoke to gather more thickly until, as we write, the insides of; our houses are becoming more like vast ovens than the cool pleasant places they had previously been during this season. Fortunately, with one exception, and that of the de struction of feed, the bush-fires, which havd this year raged more furiously and general than usual, owing to the vast quantity of feed in the country, have not caused during the month much destruc- tion of property. The exception is the burning of an entire homestead, house, furniture, farm buildings, &c;, everything but some horses, the property of Mr. S. Meares, near York. As nearly the whole of the country between the coast and the Avon valley, a district from sixty to seventy miles in width, has been now swept by the devouring element, we may hope that the worst is past. In Commercial matters we have no change to report. Exporters are now busy in shipping sandalwood, which comes into town as fast as means can be found for exporting it. The last accounts of the market in China report prices as firm and a steady demand tor the wood. The price of flour remains nominally as before ; the large contract for Commissariat sup- ply was taken by Messrs. Carter & Co., of Fremantle, at £] 2 15s. per ton, a very satisfactory price we fancy for the con- tractors. The new fish-preserving com pany, Messrs. Reichberg & Co., had the satisfaction of receiving a large order from the wardroom mess of the Galatea, for Sea Mullet, a sample sent on board being greatly approved of. 