IENALLA,T 'FRIDAY; O :V is 1869; Nswsof anothborershippiiag:disaster W eaolies us from IHobson's B? sand:iLh 'Lightning has become a, wreck.. Ladcn with -wool, tallow, and? others produce; the ightning' was lying off thewar t GatGi elong compdleting. her load= ing for the homeward trip, whon on' Sunday morningsearly the ory ?as raied ,thh sheowas on fire, andtit "is suippbosed tthat;it originated from;.spontaneous combustion caused by damp Swool being stored on board:" This asuiposition Sison a natural one, for many a.good, ship. has been destroyed by this means: Yet what steps have been taken;toprevent siimilar entas trophes in future ? Simply none at all, except when news arrives-of a ship being liurnt at sea, and ,a-largeil ls of precious hdman life havihg taokenh' lace,'wlien the statioi iowner nidy*+takbi'the°troublo:to caution his hnieinat shearing tima to be more careful, andi nothing more is thoughtabout it until a f.calh and perasps mnore fearful :catastrophe:takes:place. Really, it is awful to contemplate how many lives and how much valuable property have been destroyed; throngh':want of proper care isid ei sioniaa; the ol kiag, carying, s"trla, Ind shng pof-our rinciple staple, It 'miglt be worth *ihil to attempt a rough system of olassification, whereby all cleaned swoolsuld b dealt~vth li Cndlceptt separate -:rom 'those in the greasojimbro especially:wlihe ;on board shp,.sp as.,oon endaavour to ascertain the relativo liabilityto fire of the two main oldssos. - ut :?greater care 'will' hai ??to be exorcised by those ongaged:in. carrying, wool from -thoestations, to :utelbourne,im:iroro es pecially' whsn rninis, about. ? It is only two onthreo?weeks since our attention ai w called {it a-blaoi woold u Meanau whih "wascry wet owiqg to boinguuicovered' during thd rainy season. The remark.was then niutually ' tmade itat i was possibly those vory iales would set fire td a shill, and t may have been that something 'iiriilsr `was rhe cause of this assad?lassi ~Y?\oonly mentiln:this circumstance !to' show' wlhant a' little 'neglect may le:Id to, and it is surely sutficient to lead to' greater care being taken than is now done, bearing in mind the fact that such a simple act of neglect I may lead to the death of one or two hundred follow-creatures, and that in a most shocking ian painful way. Death by fire is sumficiently ' horrible -at anyltime, but whein'a fi'rs occurs on board sh?p at sea?, far away from ho possi. bility of human help, the surrounding oircum stances tend to make the calamity all the more II startling, and it is clear that sonie?deoisive' e steps must be tiken to prevent'the stowing away of wool in a damp state. We can do 0 no more tihan recommend the C produeer aid carrier by land to be as careful as possible to 0 prevent ot material becoming, damp; but we can by legislation compel thle lassifictioai of the wooLproduced in tlhe.colony.; .or,Jifjit bo found,more expedient, wolcan appoint inspooc tory al our ports, for the purpose of examining every bale ofiferd for shipijent, and thus ro. o0 duc to a i: mim»ini the disastors'ihich from o time to time unquestionably arise from the 0 careless mode lof packing, carrying;?and ship. pIng wdol ,at present in vogue. * On Monday no little excitement was caused # bj'lstatement tlhata large dlscoveryofopper \- isit behiff'"madie .In- onrvlciain'nty,"'-ad a inquiries elicited that the alleged deposit was situated at'Fernhill, on a small creek.which falls into -the =Broken :ivor: about 20 miles above Benalla. -It-is about seven years since R some specimens ..weroe sent from the same ;0 place to Melbotirne for analysis and assay, and on" that occhsionh thd as'sayer gave the riesult of a trial specimnen from another locality, which was a very good one, in mistake. A be great deal;of excitement'iconsequently setin, untilb r. Brough' Smythi at length saw a r.specimenu and pronounced it valueless. Nothinig more has since been heard of the ed copper mine, Now, however, it has boon taken Pd up by. Messrs.: Power, and . J. T. Reid,- and ed they have applied for a lease. They express themselves with the utmost confidence of the success of their i.ndertaking, and they have Sput several men to'.work.' They; assert that on thb'iprevions .trial'nothing more 'than -the Icap of:the. reef was' tried, and they have now 17 discovered a reef 14 feet square which will \- yield (according to the opinion of an old cap. 10 tain from the Burro Berra mine) fully 30 per L.cent. of: copper, and they can send away some tons of the ore at onoe;. OBut we shall soon know the fact, for several new specimens have been sent to -Melbourne.to be tested, and on the as return obtained .from these will depend the futaure success or otherwise of our reputed cop. per mine. * - , Shearing commenced at'the Seven .Creeks Station on Tuesday last! .The proprietors have this' season erected, lat coisiderable expense, re a plant for washing the sheep with warm sn water, which it is to be hoped willigreatly r- enhance the value of the clip of wool. ,e ?-vWe would remind. our readers that, the e. meeting to consider the propriety of establish. ,i. inri a loc'al bank here will be held to-morrow 'o (Saturday) evening. S:In :our Melbourno correspondent!s letter it .: illi be soon that somne excitement has taken place in Melbournoe in' references to the dis. obvery of payuble gold liere;~and our corres n pondent refers. to the value`of the gold " alleged" to have come out of the prospect. e ing claim. There can .be no doubt about the gold;being found in the claim, for we as well as. many. others haive seen the washdirt pro m ired and washed before our very eyes. Not a-bad idea of the genuineness of the ground is the fact that Mr. Alkemade, who held pos. session of a portion of the ground formerly, but 'lied to abandon: it because of a'< temporary monetary pressure, has paid his money into the new concern. This speisks "well for the \- genuineness of the claim, and denotes his con8 *s dence in the present promoters.. With regard to all the-ground being.takeon up, there is room for others' 'yet, and ample scope foi successful prospecting. A.' rich ;rcef also:yet;remains to bg e taken up. New Insolvent.-Richard Vining, of Alex andra, licensed iecfualler.' Causes of insol Svericy:: Losses- through "starting: a': coach s ?etween Alexandra end' Godfrey's Creek, and Slossesain bisindss as a pitblican. ''Liabilities, £373 10s. 3d.; assets, £288' Od. Ild. IDefi 7 ciency, £8?, 9s. -4d. ::Mr.' J acomb,, 'official r assignee., . ? There was a very fairmuester.of equestrians and pcdestrians"on the racecourse'on'Saturday last, to witness the matchfor £20 between Mr. Simson's black horse' and il cliesnut mare lately purchased by that gentleman from Mr. Hoskin. 'A charge; of Ils. was' made for:ad mission of those on hbrsebock; a:nd?'a 'good deal of grumbling was the consequenced seve ral persons questioning the right. of, the stew ards to inake such a charge ,The match origi :noted with a remark? made by Mr." Hoskin after selling the mare, that lr. Simson had bouight the;best back in the district, when the latter goentlemnas said lio e ould' run'one against her for £20. The -challenge was pluckily taken up by Mr. Hoskin, and the mare,'Sally, given to him for training. Many bets were laid, the maerohaving a decided call just prior to starting. i imile nn'da half ws' thoe distnice, asid'-Mr. Jesse,WVatts officiated as judge, Mr., Leary steering' th~ -iai'd,taihd'Mr..eOslowi the horse, Jeimmioe. -'Both got away on even terms, Sally sooni afterwanirds'taking the' lead,' which she maintaided till passing thd''st'add and until opposite the entranCe gate, whonarr. Onslow moved on Jemmy, and he immediately peissed Sally,. leading-'seveinl lngths'iuntil. opposite the stand; when the mare very gradually crept up.' At the bend lshe got abreast of Jemmie, when:a good race home ensued, Sallyivinning P by two leigths, whichl could have been 'in- t creasdd without much' effort.C~ ime, 3min o 10sec. We believo Joinmie had travelled a long distanctoon the disy of the race, and 'to 2 this mnay be' ascribed .his defeit. After the 2 match a lia?li'erce foi£2,:2s. Od. entrance, h was hontesteda; for .wliioh there weroe soven li entri?d;. This created ilenty offn,.fa nd was l won lIy Mr. T.Luirkinsos Saturday, MTrecazry'e t Young Dvy libeing a gbod seoaiid. 2 -? We~ would ?warn persons ir~ident in the 1 town-nigainst :a'akos. h'liey ' aroe 'already nialking their way into gnrdens,'and dwiag to the length of the grass' abdut, 'more than di ordinary oare will have to beoexercised. Iloth snikcsii? uad mosquitos .vill be voery plentiful p1 this season, "' ' - Allotments 31a and 31b, parish ofWorman- af gal, area of Carriokoshanassy, will be open for leasing at the Land Offce, BDenalla, on and after the 13thinst. Allotment 173, parish of ]Bouthorambo, has a been withdrawn from leasing, having been ap- da plied for under the 42nd section. s ra Prospecting has now ceeased on the ~ Bonall~ . Gold Mining Comipadny's ground. In consoe quence of tpayoblo !gold having'noswboos' ' proved: to exist, the oompany has started sink= re ing the main shaft, preparatory to erecting rO machinery fortworking the claim on a largo scaile., Mr. Blythlmin?n, .P., onmW of th~"pro '6 motors of the company, visited the ground on lo Friday last, and tested it in different places.. id Hewas very'muoh pleasedmwith the prospects he himself obtained; and is perfectly satsfioed to ofi;the o olidqIde payable character of the ro ground. The company` have now abandoned of th ~prospieting 'shaft; and are sinking' and timbering a main shaft on the lower end ofo -the -lease.,.......... . ,0 :The bountiful effeots of the late 'rains are g now everywheroe apparent. !Turn wher.over ive may, plenty smiles uponus,-an'd Whore: o' not'ablado?of' grass was visible fivoer weeks m ago healthful pastuses now meet our gaze. It oe is perfectly astonishing whatsa change has been wrought witliin:so 'short a period; ?for prior'to, P the rein falling it was feared that we 'were entering-upon one of the worst of the many bad seasons lately exporiencedeL'But just: as ed despair was"seizing hold of ourtpastoral neigh erbours,. and grave .omisgvings.were:. being rin od 'slgdd by farmers,'the 'ale'mein ?atb7 'as gll'was ehanged.:; The -cropsare now looking ch splenidid, and some of: our sheep farmers have les been buying largely for the purpose of keeping ice down the rapid growth of grass, and thus eot no as a check upon bush-fires,; which will this ad year in all probability be very extensive. ,t Horses; cattle, ,sheep;' all ,look, fat and sleek, and we congratulate our producers upon the A good fortune that has been "literally showered in upon tho ' ' SOn Monday lIst Post-of lco Savings- banks s were opened at Avenel aid Seymour. . The Nisi Prius sittings of the Supreme Court were commenced on Friday, the Chief Justice taking the juries of 12 cases in the Old Court. In the junes of 12 court the day was occupied with the National Bank v. Clark. In this case an issue was stated for decision by a jury, the same having arisen in the progress of an Equity suit. Mr. Stephen, Mr. Fellows, and Mr. Holroyd for the plaintiffs ; Mr. Micliie Q.C., and Mr. Webb for the defendant. It was afirmed by the plaintiffs, and denied by William Clark, the defendant, that Richard Clark, his brother, now deceased, had, on or about the 26th March, 1868, in a conversation with Mr. Frederick Wright, manager of the bank, distinctly agreed that the bank should from that date hold certain title deeds as security for an overdraft, the deeds being at the time in the hands of the plaintiffs merely for safe custody. There was no evidence given on behalf of,the defendant in the case, the sole endeavour on his behalf being to show that there had been a misunderstanding on Mr. Wright's part. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiffs, affirming that the he agreement had been made as stated by Mr. Wright. The list remnant, of the, old Exhibitioni Building (says-the Age)-namely, that erected it as a carriang annexo, and afterwards used as a National Gymnasium-was pulled down on s. Tuesday, in order to make room-for the opera s. tions of1 the contractor, who is about to -build Id the now'Victorian Midt ' . . The Te.Mechanics' Institute is now covered in, o and will Jook a very hice building when com 11 pleted.. This will not be for some time yet, as the committee are suffering from insufflcient at support. As fast as they get any money, d however, progress is made; and they are cor s tainly deserving of better support, if only for it the self-sacrifices they have themselves made. At the last special meeting the treasurer re 0 ported that -Mr. Edwin Brown' had. handed over the sum of .£19 Gs., the balance lying in his hands from.the old Mechanics Institute: d It as also reported that Mr. Alkemade had n returned the timber he had used belonging to i the old Mechanics' Iristitute. W'e believe SMr. Alkemhde has roofed the new building at his own cost, 'which if so is very 'creditable to him.' The Secretary'was instructed to write and asoortain, the probable . cost 'of, timber hrequired for windows, doors, and flo?ing.: d We believe there are 'a few pounds in the hands of Ir: Shiarpe: the proceeds of the 'con cert got up by Mr. Liston- and Dr. -Heath for 1 the Literary Institute. , As there can be' no further use for this money, it may as well be handed over to the 1Mechanics'.Institute Com mitteo. 'We have nbt been'favoured.with:the usual English mail notice ; but belie'o that letters may'be posted till Monday morning. Wednesday's Telegraph says:-"No measure 1 dealt with by Parliament duringtho present. session has excited 'so much brirosity in' the minds of the public to know the notion likely' to be taken upon it by tho Legislative Council as the Land Laws Amendment Bill; which came on for disciission in thoe'"UIisr House last night. Mr. Jenner, in moving the second reading, gave the House distinctly: to under-' stand. that he did" not propose to treat it as a Government measure, but that he claimed the right of expressing his opinion upon it with' the same freedom that' had charnotorised the remarks of his colleagues in tho.other House. 'To this Mr. M'Croa demurred. Hto conisidered that being of such an important'character, the Bill ought to be dealt svwth as'a Government measure, and was ,fiurther. of opinion. that. ho: might claim to take elhargo of it hiinself; 'but when Mr. Jenner promptly riniarked that hlio would readily retire in 'favour .of. tho lihon. membor, the latter refuied-to -accept the roe sponsibility.' 'The Bill.was 'read, a second time, rand 'o0mmitted^'pro forma. * Tho Coien pensation to Members Bill was road a first time, and the second reading 'nade an order. of the day for next Wednesday." 1 A horrible death is reported' by the 'asio??il Times. An. nqest has boon hold.on s dead: body, found in a deep gully, one mile aiid a half below itedbank in simidwiy between Den i :liquineand leoamns, 'l'he body.was ideqtifild as the eemains of a manonamed Proane, formhely f 'Denillquin, who had hobn missing for some weeks. Praiace weas charged- slth , hurrhle offenllce, andh the po!ice were looking forgiiim' It' issupposed that he wandered in a afatit if madness from drink, aflset committing.the'offenc0n. and then' tuimbled ito a gully of liquid mud,asomo 8st.i deep, where he was suiffloated. . It is rumoured that' the Opposition contem plaoe making 'a 'stand, when tlhe hsatimates are again submitted to the louse,? gaiest tils obsence ' of Tie Treasurer from the Government benchers. 'Thae body of a child has heen foundl near Pao rematta, on thie line of railwa., and upon exemination i: was ascertained that the chill hal been strangled, and apparently thrown out of the i 'Parramatta tain. At the inquest held on Ploe. day, a verdict of murder against some person t unknowun was returned, 