pxarsHUBST. (FBOU OUR OWN CORrtE5POKDE-T,) Like the predictions of more pretentious weather-prophets, my last week's forecast of tbe weather was not verified, and we are to-day apparently as far off from the so much-needed rain as we were six weeks ago. That tbe people are dissatisfied wilb. tbe working, or rather no working of the Land Act is a mild way of expressing their feelings on the subject. They are thoroughly disgusted at tbe way in which this, the most liberal Land Bill of any in the Australian colonies, is misad ministered by the present Minister of Lands. He issued a Dumber of cumbersome, contradic tory regulations, which, on trial, are found to be altogether unworkable, and have been dis regarded by himself in every instance in which they conflicted with his whim or caprice. What rigbt bad the hon. Minister to 'weed' the applicants at Terang, or to sub- divide tbe lots there ? Neither tne Act nor the regulations empower him to do either, and I take it that tbe regulation*, luring bees passed at a Canicet meeting, and approved of by tbe Govemorin Cotmcil, art as binding on the Bon. James M'Keau as od the poorest applicant whom be haa * ' weeded' out at Terang. It is quite proper that all who took advantage of the previous land act* to secure more or less land tor their friends or employers, should be debarred from the privilege of obtaining land tinder the- present Act, but this should by no means exclude those who with bona fidt intentions took op land, and afterwards, through advene ciroumstscces over which they bad no cootrol, were unable to com ply with the requirements of tbe Act (eg) I obtained a lease of ISO acres ; I fenced it, and otherwise improved it, with tbe intention of living on it shortly. Next summer a bush-fire ?wept away aU improvementa. I bad no money to begin afresh, so I wss necessitated to forfeit tbe land. Is it fair, or just, that, under these circomstanott, 1 should be excluded from the benefits— if any— of this Act ! I can assure Asterisk that I hare so aeru-iu intentions at present of applying for Uie billet of Editor of tbe Mdbournt Punch, more espe cially as I fully agree with him that I can never be its prima donna ! as nature has' seen fit to place an isanperable bar in the way. I tbank lim for reminding me of tbe large sum of money, fee, and in return beg to remind him of a certain operation much in vogue in some countries for improving the voioa. Jf 'Aster- isk' would be pleased to undergo it, it might improve his singing, and vxndd, undoubtedly, improve bis morals. 