'ROYAL SOCIETY OF VICTORIA. The ordinary monthly mooting of the abovo society was hold lost evening ; Mr. R. L. J. ICllcry, president, in the chair. AUD1T0BS. On the motion of Mr. A. K. Smith, Messrs. Turner and Zumstein wero elected auditors -for tbe ensuing twelvemonths. DONATIONS. The following donations to tho library wero leporte.d by the honorary librarian, viz. : - Tlora Australiensis, Vol V., presented by Dr. Von. Mueller ; The Quartorly Journal of 1hc Geological Society for August ; Journal of the Statistical Society of London for June; Natural Phenomena and Chronology of the Seasons, Part 1; Proceedings of the Royal Society of London, Parts 115. 116, 117, 118; Transactions of the Royal Irish Academy -Science, Parts 9 to 15 ; Polite Literature, Part 4 ; Autiquitics, Part 8. Notizblatt des Vereins für Erdkunde und Verwaudte Wis senchaften zu Darmstadt, Nos. 85-96 ; Jahr- buch dor Kaiserlich-Königlichen Geologi' «eben Rflichsanstalt, No. Jon., February, Marz. ; Vorhandlungen der K. K. Geologi- schen Reichsanstalt, Jan., 1870. ALTEBATION OP LAWS. The PRESIDENT announced that alterations would be proposed in tho rules of the society, at the annual meeting in Jauuary next. Duo .notice would be given of tho alterations. USEFUL WOODS OF THE COLONY. Mr. F. C. CUBISTY read a "Paper upon colonial timber trees and some European trees which have been proved to be suitable to the colony of Victoria." The first object ,cf the paper, he said, was to arrive at the "proper time for felling timber trees. There was little doubt that the fittest time for foil- ing was when the treo was most dormant. .Colonial woods wero in a dormant state at midsummer and midwinter, but there would always be a difficulty in determining in winter when the tree was positively dormant, so ho proposed felling at midsummer, i. e., whon "the seed was ripe on tho tree. Trees should be allowed to lie in tho bark for six or twelve months after being felled, to prevent the sun from acting on tho timber and splitting it. He did not approve of immersing timber in water to draw the sap out-, because he bolieved the congealed sap in tho timber was its strongest preservative. I£ the sop wns extracted, the pores should bo re- filled by some preservative. After one or two lemaiks on the importance o£ having timber fairly tested, the paper went on to give a short description of Victorian timbers, which woro most distinct from one anothor, viz. ¡-Red- gum, ironbark, stringybark, box, blackwood, mountain or whito gum, messmate, and -peppermint. The last threo were those which were most closely assimilated to one another. What was termed bastard box assumed sometimes the appearance of the box and sometimes of the peppermint. The truu box, when obtained from quartz or schistoso ranges, where the growth of the tree had not been rapid, was a valuable timber, and had answered well for railway stock. Stringy- bark wus valuable for beams, flooring, joists, ?&c;, being very' strong, straight in the grain, und it only. requiied care in felling and seasoning to rendor it a favourito timber. Blackwood was useful for furniture and all indoor work, besides the bodies of railway carriages ; but it would not bear exposure to the weather, without protection by varnish, &c.; One remarkable quality it .had was the small extent to which it shrank. The great drawback in all gum timbers was their tendency to shrink ; perhaps it might be modified by greater attention to felling and seasoning. The mountain ash, or white gum, whon it grew freely or luxuriantly, was of little use except for palings and shingles ; but when grown slowly, assumed more tho ?appearance of bluegum, and was sawn for .ordinary hardwood. Ironbark was valuable for some purposes, but apparently very heavy in proportion to its strength. It did not ap- pear to last under constant exposure to wea- ther, and was too unelastic to bear the con. cussion to which it was subjected in rolling stock on railways. Redgum was one of the most vtiiuable woods ; but it varied exceed- ingly. When grown in a swampy district luxuriantly the timber was straight in the grain, and what was tormed moro free, and, lie believed, not so lasting. It was not valuable for furniture, except as veneer. Its -chief uso was for work oxposod to the woa ther, and appeared to be the most durable timber under exposure which wo had. Used as posts for fencing it stood from 12 to 15 years ; and ho should expect it to last from 10 to 12 for railway sleepers. Rcferenco was then made to tho fact that gum timbers, when decaying, separated across the grain ; it seemed to bo accounted for by the non-elasticity of the timber, because when subjected to expansion and contraction, caused by moisture in winter and oxcossivo boat in summer, the fibre of the wood broke ; and thus fissures across the grain made their appearance. Bluegum should be planted lurgely, as one of the most useful timbors in- digenous to these colonies. The names and properties of some European trees, which would doubtless be a greut acquisition, wore next given, and the following mentioned as those which experience bad proved to be suitable to the soil and climate of Victoria : English ash, elms, English oak, poplars, willows, walnut, English box and limes. The desirability of ascertaining whether the moie valuable pines and firs of America and Europe would grow in this colony was dwelt upon, because we had no colonial timber that came up to them in quality. There was no tim- ber in this colony (Mr. Christy believed) which was exempted from the attack of tho teredo or the whito ant. The red-gum was attacked in its growing state by whito ants, as might bo seen when the tree was cut ; frequently the heait of the tree was eaten out ; but it was not certain that a partial decay had not preceded the attack. He had not known sound seasoned redgum attacked by the white ant or the teredo ; but English oak and blue- gum had been destroyed by tho teredo ; and he had no reason to suppose rod-gum waa in any degree exempt. Thu paper closod with a few words on the effect of forests upon climate, pointing it out as a well ascertained fnct that trees, particularly deciduous trees, growing in high situations and formed into forests, so attracted the moisture of tho at- mosphere, condensed it, and again " breathed it out," that such localities were generally the sources of streams and springs. Countries which lind large surface deposits of vegetable earth, and forests consisting of pines and de- ciduous trees, were traversed by extensivo and never-failing rivers, aud provided with constant springs and lakes ; the climate was less variable than that of Australia, droughts less frequent, and floods not so sover ; in fact, the eli mato was moderated and ameliorated. Gum-trees shed their leaves principally during summer, and they did not then decay readily, being of a dry harsh nature, and chttTged with resinous matter ; but deciduous trees shed their leaves in autumn, when bush-fires were not pre- valent, during the rainy season, and, there- fore the leaves readily decayed, and produced vegetable soil. The vegetable soil on the ranges here was chiefly produced by the decay of tree ferns. It was questionable whether gum treo leaves respired moisture to the same extent as deciduous trcos. In the conversation which followed, it was remarked by the president that in nearly every case tho cracking of colonial timber . arose from fungus growth, which colonial timber seemed particularly subject to. One valuable tree Mr. Christy had failed to men- tion was the beech, which throve well in Gipps Land. Mr. Bosisto, speaking of experi- ments ho made with gums obtained from colonial trees, said that ho had never found any of them to be resinous. He had mot .with an acid in tho sap of the eucalyptus which ho had never been ablo to entirely separate, but which it was important to know something more of. Probably it had some- thing to do with the decay in the middloof the tree. THE LATE EXCEPTIONAL SEASON AND THE FBEQUENOY OF AUBOBAS. The PRESIDENT read a paper on the above subject. It was accompanied by tables made up fiom the Observatory records, showing the dates (during tho present year) of the {¡renter magnetic disturbances, which wore of th« ntiluru generally accompanying auroral light, mid tho dates of the auroras actually -observed; a table showing the datos upon which auroras were distinctly observed in 1SG9 and 1870, and the kind of weather ac- companying them ; and a table showing the temperature, humidity, and rainfall, of each .of last 11 months compared with the average for the samo months of the last 12 years. He stated that his principal object in submitting the tables at tho present time was to. havo the information they contained re- corded at a conveniont timo, so as. to bo available for reference when they had re- ceived similar information from other parts of the world. Tho paper opened with the statement that trio late season, from April last to the present dato, had been of so ex- ceptional a character, and, moreover, oc- curring at one of the sunspot periods, aud when auroras and great disturbances of the magnetic conditions of the earth had been uuusually frequent,- as to suggest a possible connexion between the sun's condition and these climatic changes. It could easily be imagined that the modification, if not ob- literation, of tho sun's force during sunspot periods roust largely affect the conditions of the earth and its atmosphere, though in what manner or to what extent had not yet beon ascertained. After quoting somo specula- tions by Dr. Balfour Stewart which had a bearing upon the subject, the paper pio cecded in the following words :-" The last six years may bo considered as constituting a period of unusually dry seasons. The first radical change in this order of things occurred in tho beginning of April this year, shortly after the occurrence of one of the most brilliant auroras ever witnessed here and which was general in both hemispheres, appearing with great splendour in the north, From this time cloudy skies and unusually fiequent and copious rains became the ordi- nary state of climate until a fow weeks ago. I have sinco then frequently noticed that several of the briehtest auroral displays were quickly followed hy what we usually call bad weather-storms of wind, with thunder and rain. This has appeared so marked that I sometimes found myself unwisely venturing a prediction of bad weather simply because of the occurrence of an aurora. These coinci- dences brought to my mind Dr. Balfour Stewart's suggestions, and I have lately exa- mined our meteorological and magnetic re- cords for the several months under review in order to ascertain to what extent auroras have been followed by marked changes in weather; and, although the results aro not | quite conclusive, they appear sufficiently con- firmatory to warrant my drawing attention to thom, and to encourage careful observation in this direction. I intend comparing the information gathered from thereeoid3 0f our own Observatory with observations made over the rest of the Australian continent, Tasmania, and New Zealand, so soon as the j wholo year's records are available, and will | bring the results under your notice in a sup- plementary piuwr at some early meeting." The tables, with explanations of them, toi-, lowed. It was remarked, with reference to" the first, that "the number of magnetic dis- turbances recorded of a nature generally ac- companying auroras is greater than that of observed auroral phenomena. Tt is probable however, that on many of these occasions auroras occurred, but by reason of cloud haze or moonlight wero not observed here. During 1869 and tho early part of 1870 the zodiacal light was very frequently seen, and sometimes of considerable brightness. Since the great auroral period had sot in (April 5), it had only been observed faintly on one or two occasions. Mr. Ellery did not venture to draw any deductions from the simple facts ho submitted, but if ho might bo allowed to draw a broad inference from them, they would in some degree go to support the belief he had formerly stated, that the key to the more general meteorological changes and condi- tions of the eai th's surface would eventually bo found in tho variations of tho condition of | the sun. A vote of thanks was given to Mr. Ellery for his paper, and the proceedings then ended. _ _ 