ITEMS OF NEWS GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY — By yes terday morning's coach left the Hamilton con tingent to be present at the railway meeting at Stawell, to be bolden to-day. The party con sisted of Mr. J. B. Hughes, Chairman of the Melbourne Deputation of the League; Mr. Ludlaw, Mayor of Hamilton ; Mr. Wiesius. President of Dundas Shire (although attending on this occasion as a Borough Councillor) ; and Councillor Walker. It is understood that, on passing through Ararat, a conference will be held with the Ararat, Committee of the League, and that, if possible, efforts will be made to con centrate the forces in a grand demonstration at Ballarat If tins idea is carried out, we enter tain the hope that the railway cause may be considerably benefitted; although, as we have already mentioned, we have our doubts about the business at Stawell. One thousand pamph lets have been struck oB, oooUiaiag a fuller report of the recent interview with the members of the Government in Melbourne, than has yet been published, and 'Jus statistics embodied are likely to prove useful on many a future ocoa, sion. HAMILTON PROPRIETARY SCHOOL have already published the Secretary's report, detailing the result of bis canvass through the district. The Provisional Directors will meet on Friday next, to draw up their report, to be submitted to the shareholders at a meeting hereafter to be convened. Business has been somewhat delayed by the necessity of getting the deed of incorporation prepared; but we understand that, at the meeting on Friday, this is expected to be ready, and that the Provisional Directors will also be in a position to recommend a suitable site upon which to erect the building. The name of the institution will also have to be determined on. All these matters will be submitted to the -ti-rohftHwi for approval, and we presumo that, at the first jeneral meeting, every shareholder having paid his deposit will be entitled to vote. BISHOP PERRY AT DIGBY — His Lord ship the Bishop of Melbourne arrived at Digby, from Lake Condah, on Wednesday afternoon, and held a Confirmation Service u St John's Church. Evening prayer was said by tbe Bev. Dr. Russell, and the lessons for the day wen read by Mr. Mercer, after which the Bishop delivered an address, and at its dose admin istered tho rite of confinnation to the ten candi dates who bad been prepared by the Bev*. Dr. BusseU and C. E. York. In the evening His Loidship and Mrs. Perry prooaededto Eifle Dotfus {Mr. It. Lewis' station), where they stayed for the night, and 00 Thursday night went on to the parsonage on the Wannon, WATER— Mr. Murdoch, the contractor for works at tbe 17th mile-post on tbe Cols-, nine road has made a valuable discovery. Having to cart water from the Wannon for the supply of bis men and horses, he thought he would try the experiment of sinking a well at the camp. At a depth of 18 feet he was n trAntitfl with hMntarnt frmfi memtmr ? mnA m plentiful was the supply, that sixty men and twenty -five hones b»ve been watered daily at tile well, without making any apparent impres sion on the depth of the water iu tin shaft The fact of retching water at so shallow a depth on a level table land, argues well tor the success of future attempts in a similar direc tion. APPOINTMENTS — The GaidU notifies the tmtes, Ames Blair Bsq, John Edward KewWi Bull Esq., Cuthbert Fetheretonhanrii Esq., Lewis G&los; «au.., Uajrf&i; George fiarrison, B.K. HAMILTON ANNUAL RACES.— At last a mom Is being made to keep up this gathering. Whilst every little town io the totriotTuu fl annual noes, it was felt that it wonld be a dis ajaoeto Hamilton to allow the noes to lapse. The old turf dob have determined toboUno now this year, and tin public have been ask ing for a balaooa-sheet, and wondering what becomes of Ihetooney paid (bribe rental of th« race course. Without casting the slightest im puta'jon upon the old club, and -without know, ing whether that dab is supposed to i» defaoet or sure, many (porting men is the district an cjf opinion that they should be pot in possession of more valid reasons for riisnontjnnjng the r»oeslhJU^veyrtb«toinaospmblla. Tisre lom &sy; Hftvsj QOBmosjd ia PEfffi-g ta fcaj lial a presumed all the required information will be 'orthoominK. Whether or no, tbe detemnna aonThofd the raco «me tim. .nMjarh grown »tbe» strong, and.jt is felt that there will be no difficulty abosi raising the fund* even if there be no balaooe left from last year. THE PHILLIPS FAMILY— These artutei have been performing in their drawing-room entertainments during tbe last two eveningest the Land Office, and tonight they are announced to give a benefit for the Hospital. The pro gramme consists of comediettas, some of which jave been written expressly for the company, audineacb of them Mrs. Phillips and her sou i.... ? 1 ^1 ? _**,H chilli- Mr. Fhlllme assumes the heavier parts. The performances appeared to give satisfaction to rather limited audiences, but a little more variety would have been pleasing. However, to-night the company will be assisted by the band and jweaibly by some amateurs. The various pieces were fairly in terspersed with songs, some of them tbe iatoat out ' Frtticost cSvernment,'' ' A JjBsson lor Wives,' 'The lifJWidow^and 'My Wife's out,' were amongst the representations, and we understand the programme for this evening is likely to be something very attractive. LECTURE. — Our readers will not forget tbe lecture to be delivered to-morrow evening at the Land office, by the Bev. Mr. Taylor, of California, on the subject of Kaffraria and tbe Kaffirs. HOSPITAL TENDERS - To-morrow is the last day for sending in tenders for supplies re- quired for the Hamilton Hospital. RABBITS. — It appears by the Melbourne papers that rabbits are rising in value, and now command eight or nine shillings per dozen, whereas they were formally half that price. We think the parties engaged in killing rabbits are standing in their own light by sending the whole of them to Melbourne. A cart-load des- patched once a week to Hamilton would realise better prices, and would be a welcome addition in our cuisine. Our town ought to be quite as accessible to the warrens as Melbourne is, and the cool season is coming on when the game could be made to travel without detriment MAIN ROADS PROCLAIMED — The follow ing roads passing through the Borough of Ham- ilton, are gazetted as main roads, under the section allowing a subsidy of £300 per mile for their formation : — From south angle of Market square by Pope street to north-west angle or the borough to meet the Caster ton main road. From same point by Lonsdale street Hamilton Place, and Scoresby street to south boundary of the borough to meet the Portland main road. From same point by Lonsdale, Brown, Gray, and Cox streets, to east boundary of the borough at south-east angled allotment is to meet the Caramut main road. From south boundaryof the borough to connect the present Belfast main road with the above Portland main road. ROAD ORDER CONFIRMED. — The Coun cil ot the Shire of Glenelg having, under the pro vUiont of the Act It Victoria No. us, dulv nol&cd; their intention to deviate a certain road, to wit the two-chain wide road from Sandford to Barrow, in the pariabes ot Casterton and Carapook, county of Don dai, u more fully described and -hown In certain plant exhibited, as prescribed bv the said Act ; and also a portion of a one-chain wide road. Joining Into the said deviation, is tile parish of Carapook, count v ofDondai, shown and described In the cald plant: Kow the said council, deeming It expedient to effect and execste tbe said devUUona, do hereby order that tbe said deviations shaU be effected and executed In aeeordanoe with the plans deposited for exhibition as aforesaid; and do furthermore order and direct that the said deviation! shall be roads within tbe meaning of the Act aforesaid and from tbe date hereof, and such deviations shall be in lien of the farmer tnadt. THE MINISTERIAL SITUATION. — Mon- daj't Argut aaye that the fall of tbe Hlnlitrv it Inevitable, and In iu luminary for Europe it informs tbe world that it is very currently reported that an understanding bat been arrived at between tbe late Chief Secretary, Mr. M-Cullocb. and some of tbe fading memben of tbe Constitutional party, and that tic next Government win be tbe result or a powerful ooaUUon. INQUEST. — Yesterday, Coroner Lear- month held an inquest at Cavendish touching the death of a female infant seven days old, the daughter of George Wilson. It appeared from the evidence that the child was born apparently health but Dr. Govett, who made the postmortem examination, found on examining the head, that the membranes were congealed, and a quantity of blood was effused on the brain sufficiently accounting for the cause of death. Verdict accordingly. OBiTUARY.— It falls to our lot to-day to record the death of Mr. John Hutcheson, of the Ham- ilton Mill. Deceased was a very old colonist, and had carried on the business of the mill for the last fifteen or sixteen years. He had been suffering from disease of the heart for some time, and as his malady had much increased during the last six months, his death was not altogether unexpected. The funeral took place yesterday, when a numerous body of citizens testified their respect to his memory by joining the procession. The late Mr. Hutcheson came of an old family of millers at Abernethy in Perthshire, in Scotland. His father died while be was young, and he arrived with his mother and his brothers Tas- mania, where, with some relatives, they entered into pastoral pursuits. The newly-discovered grazing country in Australia Felix, however, so stimulated the energies of the Hutcheson (then young men) that they came over to Port Phillip and took up the Runnymede station, in which Mr. Hutcheson and his brother David continued to have an interest up to the present time. His elder brother George died at the station from the effect, of a kick from a horse some years since. Mr. Hutcheson was the first person to build a mill at the Grange, and to introduce a steam threshing-machine into the district. He began to build the mill In the year 1854 and has worked it in connection with the farm surrounding it ever since, and at me time of his death be had become the pro- prietor of the flourishing mill at Coleralae. Mr. Hutcheson was emphatically a large-minded man. He was well read, and held opinions in advance of his time. This, to some, made him appear some- what eccentric, but those who knew him intimately were charmed with his conversation, and while ad- miring the man for his self-will and robust turn of mind, they knew how soft a heart was covered by an apparently brusque exterior, and that many a family have had their flour ground or a bag of flour sent to them when they most wanted It, and no charge made, When a disastrous bush-fire ruined half the people on the creek a few years ago, Mr. Hutcheson was the first to move in getting up subscriptions in their aid, and we are justified in saying that when the committee left the distribution of the funds to him, all were satisfied. Mr Hutcheson was a very retiring man; he loved the hum of his mill more than the bustle of the town, and although he was one of the first mem- bers, of the Dundas Road Board, he soon retired, and never again took office, although frequently solicited to do so. He was a fine mechanic, and could make anything in wood or metal, the old Hamilton Mill remaining a monument of his skill in that direction. Mr. Hutcheson was twice married - firstly to a sister of Mr. Geo. Robertson, of Warrock, who died child- less, and secondly to his widow, by whom he leaves a family of four sons and one daughter. 