i THE CATARACT COAL MINE. j IÍARur.V" H mile from Bei rinn, stands a solitary weatherboard house, and by the side of this leads a road to the mines. The vegitation is similar to that described in a former paper on the Wallaby Hocks, excepting that the presence of the pepper- mint apple tree gives a character to the forest. The peculiar tint of the foliage of this tree is, to my taste, melancholy and funereal- particularly when the red trunk* arc blackened by a bush-fire-yet many admire their leaden tints. Occasionally we meet w ith trees of a pendulous habit, perhaps Eucalyptus v iminalis. The local names of the Eucalypti arc almost as perplexing as their infinite varieties ; and this extensive family of plants alone would be the study for a life, were it pur- sued throughout the wholo continent. _ I'crhaps every district has its peculiar species, while climate, soil, and altitude so affect other-«, that they merge imperceptibly from varieties into species in peiplexing plenitude. _ I have not ob- served the green gum of this portion of Camden in any other locality. This pretty little tree has a subacid leaf, and in seasons of scarcity is eagerly eaten by cattle. During droughts the settlers sometime-, fall it, that their famishing stock may feed on the foliage. This tree is the E. Stellulata. Humea ozothamnoides is a frequent shrub in all these .sandstone distiicts. A pretty contrast would be made by planting this shrub with its fawn-white Howers, the lilac flowered variety found at Belphin on Boll's Line, and the golden- flowered species. Excepting snob in- terest as the flora offers, there is no scenery to reward the visitor for the first few miles, when the torest breaks to reveal deep water- courses and masses of sandstone rock, and the wildness of the scene rather increases until it culminates in the cliff-bound Medway, running hunch eds of feet below. Ere reaching this, a few bark huts, the residence of the minéis, make us aware that we are Hearing ,the object of our search ¡ and on the top of the cliffs are extensive quarries and some machinery. The "view of the creek, malting its way through a rock-strewn bed below, is extremely grand. The banks rise up in clifts of fine coal and rock, and swamp oaks spring up on the margins of the water. The hills are elad in sombre torest and thick brushwood, and the masses of rock, hoary and worn, cast an air of rugged majesty over all. The descent, by the aid ot the miners' ladders, is now quite practical ; when we first visited it, before the seam had been purchased, it was far otherwise ; it was then a matter of some difficulty and skill. From a wooded ledge we get a view of the Fall, w hi eli I have heard variously estimated at a depth of norn 200 to 70 feet ; in the iace of such a v ide difference, it would hardly do to give a height. j 'fhe water comes tumbling over a rock, break- ing into'a shower of'pearls, and, nearer the bottom, clashing itself upon a ledge of rock ; whence it breaks into myriad -drops, j usually painted- by a îainbow. But. there is some scrambling yet, before wo reach the foot of the Fall. Midway is' the tramt conveying coal to the foot of a cliff, up which it is lifted by ma'chinery, to where the drays load above. The ¡natural features are, all in favour of working this rich seam profitably. _ { i ? * j On a level with this plateau was a cave, or large .crevice, beneath 'the cliff.' In this was a clear, icy cold spring, while the whole placed even' in the heat of summer, afforded a delightful cool- ness. Many1 pretty ferns grew here, bjit none peculiar^ to ' the locality. Making the' way into ithe darlcer.parts of,the"cavern.,'-ínaiiy.birfls' iio-sts i were -observed attached t'o the coiling j ¡but the most peculiar! feature was stalactites i tinned of iron percolations,' some tapering and ¡slender, others attached to the ffloor as'wdlh and! becom- ing pillars. ' " ' '' ' ' 'j \- While the rock above is sandstone," it has, in common with much of'the sandstone-¡aid con- glomerate of the'locality, a large admixture of iron, which, "being set free by water, j is thus "slowly 'formed ,into incrustations by the falling drops. When broken the stalactites are found to be composed of bright, sparkling irJn, each lamina separated by rust.. j . Many of these stalactites are again coated with filtered lime. It was a pity that this » curious cave wai. blocked up in clearing a platform. Its mineral wealth was, probably, more than ¡curious. From this platform we make our way to the bottom, through broken boulders and thick vege- tation. Here Dicksonia antárctica crow's freely, but never attaining the height of the tree ferns of the Kurrajong. The DicksonUe is the usual tree fern of this district ; but Mr. Wool's, in his .valuable paper on the botany of Berrima and _Mittíigongf. tolla ii« that ho found Al«ov>hiln Australis and A. Leichhardtiana. The latter ferns would appear to require a milder ¡climate, no they become more rare ni the greater eleva- tions, and there only Dicksonia appears] Thus we did not find it at the Kurrajong, ¡hut at Mount Tomah, in an elevation of about 30(A) to 3800 feet ; it nearly replaced the Alsophila. ft would appear to prefer a trap rock formation. Huge boulders obstruct the bed of the stream, evidently torn from the surrounding cliffs in flood time ; the water has cut its way through the bed of coal, which is of excellent quality, and many feet in thickness. Near to the waterfall are two water excavations, aud a third, apparently artificial. It is dug into the coal about 20 feet above the floor of one of the natural caves, and has a breastwork of stones and coal thrown up before it. This was the residence of bushrangers years ago, and a most out-of-tho way and safe retreat. However, they were captured,, though one would wonder how, as, seated beluiid their rude fortification they must have commanded the whole vale, and had the police in their power. It would seem that the smoke from their fire was detected, and their retreat thus discovered, while their very security bad perhaps made them care- less ; or treachery may have assisted. , > Now, only the ciies of birds break in upon the loneliness, while the grand scene, thei falling waters, the prismatic tints, and the sound of the rapidly flowing stream, present a happy contrast to those days. ; Interesting fossils obtain in tho cliffs above the coal seams ; but the rock is so hard that it is almost impossible to obtain them jin per- fection. I was told that impressions ol' lerns had been met with in the coal, but have not seen any. Polygonum adpressum grows on the banks of the creek, above the Fall. It appears to)be con- fined to a lew localities in this district., Inter- esting lerns and mosses are plentiful, and the lugged sides of the glen ire rich in flowering shrubs. The mine is not now being worked. lu an ai tide on the "Wallaby Bocks,". a few misprints occurred in some ot the, botanical names, which it may be as well to correct ¡-For Chorestrumi read Chorotrlim ; for Crypsandra, read ciyptandra ; for Erioatomen, read Erios teiuon. t j . j _, " jL O I 