llOYAL' SOCIETY; OP' VICTORJAy', /, The ordinary monthly meeting of the" above society was held on.Monday evening' Air L J. Ellery, president, in the chair. . . . . ( , USEFUL WOODS OF THE COLONY. ' / Mr P. G. Christy read a " Paper upon colonial timber trees and some European trees which" have been proved to be suitable to the colony of Vic toria." The first object "of the paper, he said, was to arrive at the proper' time for felling timber trees. There was little doubt that tip: - fittest time for felling was when ; the, tree was most dor mant. 'Colonial woods were in a' dormarit state at mids'umnier ' or midwinter, ' but ; 'there would always be a difficulty .in determining in winter when a tree was- positively 'dormant, so he pro posed felling at midsummer," f. c./wheri 'the seed was ripe on the tree. : Trees should be allowed to lie in . the .bark ' for six or twelve months after being felled, to prevent the sun from acting on the timber, and splitting it. He did not approve of immersing timber' in water'; to'draw the' sap out, because he believed the congealed sap iii the timber was its strongest preservative; If the" sap was extracted, the pores should' 'be refilled by some preservative. After one of two remarks on thd importance of having timber fairlytcsted, the paper' went on to give a shor.t. description of Vic- torian'tinib'ers," which Were most distinct, from one another;-; viz. Redgum, ironbark, stririgyhark, Lpx, iJdapkwood,, mountain: or , white i gum,- mess mate, and peppermint. The last three were those which .were, , most, r closely assimilated, to: one another.' What' >.was - termed . bastard bole assumed sometimes' the ' appearance of the ' box and sometimes of the peppermint. 'The true box;-' when obtained from, quartz or schistose ranges, Where' the groWth' of tne tree'had'notbecn'rapid, ' was a valuable timber and had atis'wered', well for railway' stock. Stringy bark was valuable for beams, flooring, joists,' &c;,, being very strong, straight in the grain,: arid: it 'only required care in felling and seasoning to render" it a favourite timber. _ Blackwood was useful , for : furniture arid all indoor work, besides; the bodies of railway carriages;, but it would not bear exposure to the weather, without protection by varnish; &c..; Oric remarkable quality it had was the small extent to which it: shrank, : The great drawback in ail f um timberB was their tendency to' shrink J per- aps it might be modified' by greater attention to felling and seasoning; The mountain ash, or white gum when it grew freely or luxuriantly, was of little use except for' palings arid shingles; but when grown slowly, assumed rriorb thcappcafaiice ofbluegum and was sawn fpr ordinary hardwood. Ironbark was valuable1 for some purposes, but ap parently, very heavy iu proportion toils strength. It did not appear to last under constant exposure to weather, aud was too unelastio to bear the concussion to which it was subjected in rolling stock .on railways; Redgum. was one of the most valuable woods ; but it varied exceedingly. When grown in a swampy district luxuriantly the timber was straight in the grain, and what was termedmore free, and,.he,believed, not so lasting It 'was" not valuable for furniture, except as yeriecti - Its cbifcf lise w%; ftp work exposed to the weather, andappearcdl to be themos't durable timber under exposure which wehad. Used as post$;fdr fencing it; 8tpod\froto',' .12 to 16 years and.he.should expect it. to last frorh.10 to 12 for railway sleepers. .Reference was then made to the fact that gum timbers, when decaying, sepa rated across the grain ; it- seems to be acco'nritcd forby'the'rionelttStlcity of 'the 'tiddler, because when subjected to expansion .and contraction caUstid by mdistdre in winter, and excessive heat in sUmmb'rJhe fibrd of the wodfl broke ;'drid tliilijfla. sures across the grain made their appearance" Blucgum. should be planted largely, as,.onc of the most useful timbers indigenousrtO thteq.cpiobies. ,TKe .names i ijfid ;.' .properties 'of s Soi6e<Biit6ptan irceS, which would doubtless be d'gfeat acquisi tion, were next given, jriiid the followingmentioned as those /which experience 'had, 'proved to be suitable to.the.climate'pf Victoria:— English nsb elms; English orik, poplars,' willows)' walnut, Eng lish box and limes. The desirability of ascertain ing Whether the more .valuable pines.and.firs of America arid Europe Would .'grow, in this colony rids dwelt upon, because we had no colonial tim ber that came up to them in quality: There was ho timber in this colony; (Mr Christy believed) which '.were exempted from the attack of the 'teredo'' or tlic White ' ntit. The ;tedgiim Was attacked in its growing state by; white ants, ds might be seen when the" tree was cut. ; frequently the heart of he tree'- was eaten o'ut ; . but it was not certain that a partial decdy.'had not preceded the attack. He had not known sound seasoned redgum attacked by the white ant or teredo; but English .oak and blucgum had'bsen destroyed by the teredo';; inidhc hdd no reason 'to suppose rcd- gurnwaS in.driy dferee exempt. The paper closed willid few , words" oritbc effect. Of forests upon climate,ipointirig iteouijos «a'. well, ascertained fact that trees,, particularly deciduous trees, growing in high , situations arid formed into forests, so-;' attracted ,tbe moisture of, the atmos phere, condensed it, and 'again " breathed it out," that such localities were generally the sources of springs and streams. Countries which had large surface deposits of vegetable earth, ;and forests 'consi&tirhj; 'of' pines arid ' deciduous trees, were traversed by1 'extensive1 arid' rieiterifalling rivers, .androvided wjth constant Spririgriaridlakes; the climate was, less variable' than." that, of Australia, drojights less! frequent, and floods , not so severe ; in fact, the climate .was ' moderated and ameliorated. Gum- trees shed, their leaves principally during summer, and they did not then decay readily, being, of a- dry r harsh .nature, and -charged with retirious matter ; -but; deciduous. .trees shed their" IeSVeS in autumn, w'Heri bush- fires wcre not pre valent, during the'i;rainy 1 season, and, therefori the leaves readily decayed, and produced vege table soil. The vegetable soil ori t¥b ranges here was chiefly produced j bjft the :decriy/of tree ferns. It was questionable,' whether guift tree' leaves re spired jmoigtorc to the, extent as deciduous trees. , . . .. . " ' " . ' " In the conversation which followed, if was re marked bv . the president .that-, in nearly., every caS'e the cracking ' Of colonial ' timber 'arose" from fungus growth, which colonial timber seemed par ticularly subject 'to; One valuable ; tree Mr Christy had failed to1 mention was' the beecli, which throye well' in ' GippBland. , 'Mr.Bosisto, spfeakipg of, experiments he; ri/adc! ;witb gflmd rift, jtajitea froinj cpl6teftrteos,j%M tlrtt'.hd .MdjfievCT fouridariy' rift hem to.ftc resinous. .'He had met with'ahqeid in the sap of" the eucalyptus' which he had. never been . able to entirely, separate, but which it- was important to know something "more of. 'Probably it had something to do with the middle of the tree. THE LATE EXCEPTIONAL SEASON 'AND THE FRE- QUENCY OF AURORAS. , ; The "President reada, paper ,on ..the; above subject. It was accompanied by tables iriadc up from the Observatory .records, showing the dates, (dm-ing .tho present year),, of the greater magnetic disturbances, which were' of the nature generally accompanying ; auroral : light, and tho dates1 of - tho auroras actually observed ; a, table showing; the dates upon . which auroras' were dis tinctly observed in 1869 and, 1870, :and tlie.kirid of weather -accompanying ...them,';, apd-.a table showing tho temperature, humidity, and rain fall, of each; of last 11 riiontlra compared with tfte average for. the same months of the last 12 years; He , stated that his principal' object in submitting the tables- at the present time was to have the information they; contained recorded at a conveniont'time, so as to be available for refer ence , when . they had 'received similar informa tion from other part3 of the world. Tho paper opened with the statement that -the late season, from April -last to tho present date, had been of so exceptional a character, and, moreover, -oc curring at one of the sunspot periods,, apd wluu auroras and : great disturbances of .-tlio magnetic conditions of tho earth had been! unusually fre quent, as ito'suggest' a possible connexion be tween the sun's' condition and "those climatic changes. ' It1 could 'easily -be imagined that the modification, if- not obliteration, of tho sun's force during smispot' periods must lstrg'ely affect tho conditions of, the earth and its atmosphere, though, in what manner ort to what extent had riotj yet'beon ascertained., After quoting' soine speculations by Dr Balfour Stewart which had a bearing upon the subject, the paper prooeeded in the following words: — "Tho last six years may be considered as constituting a period of unusually dry seasons. The first radical change iu this order of . thmgs occiuTod in the begin ning of April this year,1 shortly after the oc currence of ono of tho' most brilliant, auroras ever witnessed here— and which was general in both hemispheres,' appearing .With great splen dour Jn the north.. Prom this lime; cloudy skies and unusually frequent and copious rains became the ordinary state of climate until, a few weeks ago. I have, since then frequently noticed that several of tlie brightest auroral displays were quickly followed . by what we' .usually call bad weather — storms of wind, with thunder and rain. This has appeared so marked.tBat I sometimes found myself unwisely venturing a prediction of bad weather simply because of the occurrence of an aurora, These coincidences brought to my mind Dr Balfour Stewart's suggestions, and I have, lately examined our meteorological and magnetic records ' for. the several ihofttliB under review in order to ascertain- to what extent anroras- have been followed by marked changes in .weather ; and, although the results are not quite conclusive, they appear sufficiently confirma tory. to warraut my drawing attention to them, and ;to; encourage rinreful observation iu this- di rection. , , I', intend', comparing; "Jm informatmn gathered ; from the 'recQ)rcls;pf 6 own Q.bsem:: tory/vifh .bbseryatipris niariri dyer the. rest of the, Australiari ,'cpri.tinerit; , Tasmania',,, an New Zea land,, so sooii as -tlio, whole, year', s peoprds, are available, -arid- will .bring the results .under your notice' -in a supplementary paper, at some early meeting." The tables, -with explanations of them, followed. It was remarked, , with;rcferenco to tlie-first, that " the!ri'uinber;of niagrietjc disturb ances recorded of a nature gerierally aecompauy- ing auroras is greater than that , of observed auroral; phenomena. It is probable, however, that on. many of these occasions auroraB occurred, but -.by ; reason of ; cloud-haze or moonlight were riot observed here. 'During 1869 -and the early part of 1870 the zodiacal light was' very fre quently. seen, and sometimes t of considerable brightness- Since the great; auroral 'period had set iu ' (April fl),' it' had only Been'_rib?erv®j friibVly ori one or two ; o'ccaspns: .Mr Ellery diq not venture ' to draw any deductions from too simple tacts ho submitted, but if he might)boai- lowed to draw a broad inference from them, tney would in, some degree go to support the boiiet ue had formerly stated, that the.key to the more general meteorological changes and conditions _ , the earth's surface would eventually be found the variations of the conditio!)) of the sun.— Argus. 