THE HOSPITAL. f To the Editor of the W, W. Advertiser.) SIB,-I have a horror of hospitals, and have never been in one iu the whole course of my life. Nevertheless, I look upon them as highly useful institutions, especially when under proper management. From rumours prevalent in the district, and from the report of the condition of the local insti tution that appeared in your columns a short time ago, nobody, I presume, would have the hardihood to say that our hospital is under efficient management. And judging from the constitution of the Committee, there seems very little prospect of it ever being so. The present committee consists of the follow ing elements-and I should like to be informed what algebraic quantity would represent their individual or collective wisdom on hospital management. Stock agents and storekeepers are decidedly in the majority, there being three of the former and two of the latter- tlie commissariat department of the Hospital, I should say, ought to be well attended to. Then we have two bank managers, a young attorney, and last, though not least, the local Dogberry and Verges " like Juno's swans, Coupled and inseparable." The poor in England who either from mis fortune or accident have been patients in any of the large hospitals ever afterwards retain a lively recollection, and speak with gratitude of the comfort and conveniences they have enjoyed. Charles Dickens, with his many sidedness and his marvellous knowledge of London life, in one of his novels charmingly illustrates this characteristic of the poor. He represents one of the characters in Little Dorrit, the London Arab Maggie, as looking back upon the period of her illness in a London hospital as the one bright spot in her wretched and dreary life. She always thus rapturously referred to it ; " What a nice hospital ! So comfortable wasn't it ? Oh, so nice it was ! Such a 'ev'nly place ! Such beds there is there ! Such lemonades ! Such oranges! Such d'licious broth and wine ! Such chicking? Oh, aint it a delightful place to go and stop at ! " I wonder how many of the patients in the Wagga Hospital could be found to echo poor Maggie's exclamation, "Oh, ain't it a de lightful place to go and stop at." Poor wretches, they do not carry away very agreeable reminiscences of their Hospital experiences ! In the years to come, seated perhaps by the bush- fire, they will talk to their comrades-not of soft comfortable beds, and delicious drinks, but of foul bed-linen, of vermin-infested walls, of dirty ill-smelling floors, of poor bed-ridden folk, neglected by a careless wardsraan, and left to the mercy of their equally helpless fellow patients. They will describe, perhaps, the sufferings of some poor creature stricken down with fever, craving for water, and not a drop to be got even to moisten his parched lips. They will tell of the daily pilgrimage to the Hospital, of kind and loving friends with bottles of water and with food. And they may tell of greater horrors still-of poor dying men, carried from the wards of the Hospital to breathe away their last moments, unwatched and uncareil for,- in the dead-house. Is it to be wondered at, therefore, that patients leave the Hospital in thorough disgust before they get cured, and seek else where for medical aid ? These men are to be met with in the streets any day, and unlike Cannula's " needy knife-grinder," they have stories to tell, and confoundedly long ones they are too ! Neither is it a matter of surprise that many poor people- nervous ones especially-look upon the Hospital as a sort of Dante's fnfemn, the portals of which once entered, all hope must be left behind. I see by the papers that an epidemic of suicides is at present prevailing at Mel bourne ; should any suicidal tendencies "crop up" here, I would seriously advise alt who may be anxious "to shuffle off this mortal coil" to enter as patients of the Wagga Wagga Hospital, and I warrant them they will not be " baulked of, their desire." I am, Sir, Yours obediently, ANTI-VESTED EIGHT. 