LOCAL NEWS. THE MEETING OF PARLIAMENT. — The Gazette of Tues- day contains proclamations further proroguing the Legislative Council until the 27th January, and requiring the members of both houses to attend on that day for the despatch of business. NEW TELEGRAPHIC INSTRUMENT. — The S. M. Herald of Thursday thus describes a new telegraphic instrument which was exhibited in Sydney on Wednesday, in pre- sence of Mr. E. C. Cracknell, the superintendent of tele- graphs, and several other gentlemen. The instrument was shewn by Mr. Patrick Herbert, who has shown consi- derable ingenuity, not only in the discovery of the prin- ciple which distinguishes his instrument from others of the same kind, but also for the skill with which he has contrived to construct his model from the rudest mate- rials. The alphabet used is the same as that employed in the telegraph department of this colony — a succession of dots and dashes variously arranged to represent the different letter — and these are produced by Mr. Her- bert's instrument simply by pressure of the finger upon the keys. Upon each key is printed the letter of the alphabet which it is intended to form, so that any person who can read may, although ignorant of tele- graphy, transmit a message. The dots and dashes in the telegraphic alphabet are produced with mathematical accuracy, and they may easily be disciphered by anybody in possession of the alphabet. The model shown yes- terday was simply put forth in illustration of the in- ventor's method, and Mr. Herbert pointed out some parti- culars in which he could re-arrange his keyboard so as to enable the operator to work the instrument with greater facility. Mr. Cracknell tested the powers of the instru- ment, and indicated certain improvements which could be made in its mechanism. He appeared to approve very much of its simplicity, and, if improved as it was capable of being improved, he said that it was likely to become of great use. Mr. Herbert, we may mention, is an overseer in the bootmaking department in Berrima gaol; but he certainly appears to have talents which would fit him for more profitable employment in the ser- vice of the State. He remarked that he was perfectly willing to place his invention at the disposal of the Government without any pecuniary reward, but that he was certainly anxious to "get out of gaol," and be placed in some other department of the service for which the Government might think he had ability. RIFLE MATCH. — We are informed that the next com- petition for the prize tea and coffee service, among the members of the West Maitland Volunteer Rifles, will take place at the Oakhampton Butts, on Tuesday next. BURGLARY AT MORPETH. — An instance of burglary or housebreaking occurred in Morpeth on Satur- day morning last, by which Mr. Williams, the chemist, of Swan-street, was loser to the extent of £8; and so far there has been nothing heard by the police of the missing money, nor any clue furnished which might tend to the detection of the perpetrator of the robbery. The money, when stolen, was in the small drawer of what had formerly been the stand of a druggist's or gold scales, and this stand was set upon the mantel-piece of Mr. Williams' room — an apartment at the rear of the shop, and with a door and window opening into a passage leading into the yard. The money had been brought down-stairs on Thursday by Mrs. Williams, and deposited in this receptacle, instead of being banked (the intention to do this being departed from for reasons unnecessary to specify); it was all right on Thursday night, and was in its place on Friday night at eight o'clock, for it was then seen by Mrs. Williams, who had occasion to go to the drawer for change. The family supped in the room, and remained there till half- past ten or eleven o'clock, when they retired to bed. The money must have gone between the latter time and six o'clock on Saturday morning; but it was not actually missed by Mrs. Williams till about eleven o'clock on Saturday, when she learned from her servant girl upon inquiry that the latter had found the window of the sitting-room raised in the morning, and held up by the ratchet; that two of four flower pots had been removed from the window-sill, but that a knife usually left in such a place as to be under the feet of anyone attempting ingress through the window was not displaced. The little drawer in which the money had been was found (so the servant said) upon the table, but nothing in the room appeared to have been touched; a gold watch and chain lying on the mantelpiece beside the money drawer re- mained, and neither Mrs. Williams' workbox, in which was some silver and gold money, nor the drawer of the chiff- onier, where some old family silver was kept, were rum- maged. The burglar appeared to have been a sober man, for he disdained to drink either brandy or porter, though a battle of the former and several bottles of the latter lay t0 his hand. The servant noticed all these appear- ances at six o'clock, but said nothing till Mrs. Williams herself found the money gone, as already stated. Mr. Williams had been called from down stairs at six o'clock by the servant, to attend to a man who had come the back way, and said he wanted Mr. Williams to attend to his wife; but this person was the only stranger known to have been at the rear of the premises since the money was last seen by Mrs. Williams. The window of the sitting-room was shut down on the evening previous to the missing of the money, and it is thought the manner of the robbery indicates a familiar acquaintance on the part of the robber of the habits of the family and the oc- casional disposition by Mr. Williams of his money; but for reasons plainly evident, we do not give as many par- ticulars as are at our hand. COOLING DRINKS IN HOT WEATHER. — If the man who makes a second blade of grass to grow where but one flourished before is a benefactor to his race, what shall be said of the benevolent wight who gives his fellow- creatures a recipe for a really cooling drink in hot weather? Such a recipe we offer, and let not the simplicity of the expedient cause it to be despised. The ingredients are cold water and oatmeal, in the pro- portion of a tumbler of the one to about a spoonful of the other; the oatmeal should be, so to speak, dissolved in the water, so that the former assumes a milky hue, and the larger grains of the meal fall to the bottom. The same spoonful of oatmeal may serve for at least two glasses of water. This beverage is one of the best that can be imagined; water however pure and cold, cannot be taken with safety except in limited quantity; mixed with oatmeal, any reasonable number of draughts are innocuous. We first saw oatmeal put to this use on the diggings, where sensible men who had to endure a broiling, always provided themselves with a half-a-pound of meal which they turned into a bucket of water, thus securing a supply of drink for the day which did quench thirst, while foolish persons stuck to tea, or perhaps made their thirst worse by copious draughts of beer. A tumbler of water, cool, and judiciously tempered with Dalwood red, is not to be despised, by any means, and there might be worse punishment than being condemned to drink it, but the true thirst quencher, let us assure our readers, is oatmeal water, as they will find upon trial. — The above recommendation is made after successful experiment; what the effect of the following use of oatmeal may be we cannot so fully say. We should imagine, however, that it would answer. It is to use oatmeal water — water in which oatmeal has been soaked or dissolved — to lave the face, hands, and body; this is said to act quite differently to the effect of water, however cold, or water and soap, for the latter only checks the feeling of heat on the skin temporarily, and the oatmeal water causes a permanent and invigorating coolness. The experiment is worth trying. At any rate, it can do no harm, and if found to succeed, would be a decided boon in the hot weather. WEST MAITLAND VOLUNTEER BAND. — We are informed that it is the intention of Mr. Henry Prince, bandmaster to the West Maitland Volunteer Rifle Band, to cause the band under his control to perform publicly on one evening in every week, and the place already selected is the green paddock on the Lorn side of the Belmore Bridge. Should this site be adopted, we have no doubt that a large number of the citizens will gladly take advantage of the opportunity of enjoying at once a nice rural walk, and the harmonious effects produced by Mr. Prince's cele- brated band. END OF THE HOT WEATHER. — Yesterday, at two o'clock, the shade thermometers again reached 102 degrees, which point they touched also on Wednesday afternoon, in the coolest out-door verandahs. At that moment the wind was warm, with occasional puffs of hot wind, as had been the case for some hours. The smoke of bush fires to the south darkened the horizon. But at a quarter past two a sudden change took place, a southerly breeze bringing up clouds of dust, and in half an hour the atmosphere was pleasantly cool everywhere but in the heated rooms of houses. During the afternoon promises of rain were repeatedly made by the clouds, and in the evening a little rain fell, the night closing in with every indica- tion of a speedy and heavy downpour. BUSHFIRES. — Hot days, and the means for adding arti- ficially to the heat, unfortunately come at the same time. Yesterday bush fires were raging with more or less vio- lence from ten in the morning till the afternoon, all along from the Sugarloaf to the Wollombi Range, the greatest body of distant fire seeming to be behind the farther peak of the twin eminence known as the Sugarloaf mountain. Comparatively near to the town, in a direction that will be best indicated by saying that it appeared to be in the bush beyond the hills that flank the Dagworth estate, a very large bush fire was pursuing its destructive way yesterday afternoon; although when we saw the smoke at half past ten from the gaol hill in East Maitland it seemed that a very trifling area was being burnt. But at two o'clock huge volumes of smoke were rolling up over a large expanse of ground, and it was evident that the largest bush fire of the season had its place there. Some small spirals of smoke were as- cending from among the Paterson mountains during the forenoon, but there was in the evening no fire of any con- sequence perceptible in that direction. VOLUNTEER INSPECTION. — The annual inspection of arms and accoutrements of the West Maitland Volunteer Rifles was held on Thursday evening. Owing to the ex- cessive heat of the weather the attendance was very small, only about 43 men having been present. It was an- nounced that the ordinary Commanding Officer's parade (undress uniform) will be held on Thursday evening next. PRELIMINARY MEETING ON INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS. — On the invitation of the Rev. Mr. Tyrrell, some gentlemen, friendly to the establishment of industrial and reforma- tory schools, met at Mr. Liddell's school-room, William- street, East Maitland, on Thursday evening, when, on the motion of the Rev. Mr. Tyrrell, seconded by Mr. Smith, P.M., Mr. Liddell was instructed to announce in the Mercury that a meeting would be held on Thursday next, to memorialise the Government on the propriety of establishing industrial and reformatory schools in East Maitland, and to invite the attendance of all persons favourable to the proposal. It is generally considered that Newcastle is not a suitable locality for the schools, while Maitland has many recommendations. Mr. Liddell was appointed to act as secretary. CASES OF SUNSTROKE. — The succession of hot weather that has marked the last few days has been productive of several cases of sunstroke in this district, the worst of which will be found reported elsewhere. The man Taylor, who was seized with a sunstroke on Tuesday last, we are happy to say is recovering; and a little boy named Barnard, son of Mr. Barnard of the Sportsman's Arms, who was taken in a similar way, on Thursday evening, is, we are glad to report, in a fair way of recovery. At Morpeth five or six cases occurred on Wednesday and Thursday, but none of any great severity. We hear of two which required a species of medical treatment, said to be effectual. It is the application of a freezing pow- der, supplied by Mr. Williams, chemist, of Morpeth, which, if put into a vessel of water, makes the liquid so extremely cold, that when the water is used to bathe the head and neck, tbe brain is cooled, and the symptoms of coup de soleil moderated. A man named Minsch, in East Maitland, was struck, and was confined to bed for a little while, but is now recovering; and a man at Bolwarra, who was working in the sun on Thursday, was obliged to leave off from a sudden feeling of illness, but no alarming consequences followed. It is rather a matter of wonder that strokes of this nature are not more frequent, for people generally speaking do not take such precautions as they might, in the selection of head gear, so as to protect themselves against the attacks of the fierce, far- dartîng rays of a blasing sun. CO-OPERATIVE BAKING SOCIETY. — A quarterly meeting of the members of this society was held at Mr. Shepherd's rooms on Thursday evening, Mr. Pitfield in the chair. A report was read, which set forth tbe progress of the society for the last three months, and which showed that a very fairly prosperous state of business had been realised. Bread had been sold at a very low rate, and yet the directors were enabled to declare a dividend of 20 per cent. The paid-up capital of the society amounted to £176, and the result of the investigation into the society's accounts showed that they had £198 in the bank, and stock to the value of £105. — The election of officers was then proceeded with, and Messrs. Pritchard, Pitfield, James, S. S. Moore, Phelan, and Small were declared elected to fill the vacancies accruing at the end of last half-year. The usual complimentary votes to the retiring officers, and the chairman, closed the proceedings. CORRECTION. — We desire to correct an error which has accidentally crept into our report of the assault case Hume v. Moylan, heard and decided at East Maitland on Tuesday. Moylan was fined 10s. and not 20s. as reported. ATHLETIC SPORTS AND RACES ON ANNIVERSARY DAY. — A meeting of persons interested in making arrange- ments for the sports to be held on Anniversary Day, January 26, on the Nicholson Racecourse, was convened for Thursday evening, at Mr. Charles Brackenreg's, Australian Arms Inn, when there was a good attendance. A committee was organised to carry out the objects of the meeting, and the hack race already announced was changed into the Captain Cook Handicap of £15. An advertisement in another column will give farther infor- mation as to the programme agreed upon. DEATH FROM SUNSTROKE. — An inquest was held at the Maitland Hospital, yesterday, before the district coroner J. Thomson, Esq., respecting the death of a man named Robert Graham, a tailor by trade. It appeared from the evidence that deceased had been addicted to the use of intoxicating liquors for some time past, and on Thursday afternoon he was evidently in a state of delirium tremens. In the course of Thursday afternoon deceased was dis- covered in the open air, at the back of Mr. Gorrick's, exposed to an intensely hot sun. He was quite insensible when discovered, and although the proper remedies were applied by Dr. Wright, the unfortunate man continued to sink, so that his removal to the hospital was considered necessary. He was accordingly removed to that institu- tion, where he died almost immediately. A verdict in accordance with the above facts was returned. DEATH OF AN OLD MAITLAND RESIDENT. — Our readers, more especially those belonging to the older generation, will experience regret upon hearing that a very old Mait- land townsman, Mr. C. M. Clark, the dancing-master, of Devonshire-street, is dead. We believe that Mr. Clark had lived in Maitland for nearly if not quite forty years. Mr. Clark had an attack of paralysis some little time since, and had never completely recovered. He died on Thurs- day. COLONIAL SUGAR. — A mercantile firm in town has favored us with two samples of sugar manufactured on the Macleay River, and which can now be procured in bulk in Sydney. Both these samples are very saleable sugars, one a good counter, and the other a light ration. There can be no doubt that a good demand will always exist for sugars of these qualities, and the prices asked, £34 to £36 per ton, are such that cannot be objected to; therefore, we anticipate a ready sale for sugars of this description, and we trust that the production of them may be very largely increased. — The samples in question may be in- spected at this office. POLICE BUSINESS. — The Police Magistrate disposed of four cases at the East Maitland police court yesterday. STRAY HORSES. — John McGady and Michael Martin were fined 2s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. costs for allowing horses to stray in the streets. The cases were heard at the East Maitland police court, yesterday. THREATENING LANGUAGE. — At the East Maitland police court, yesterday, Eugene Doherty, convicted of having used threatening language to senior-sergeant R. W. Thompson, was fined 10s., and 5s. 6d. costs, or three days in gaol. OBSCENE LANGUAGE. — Eugene Doherty pleaded guilty at the East Maitland police court yesterday, to the use of obscene language in Lawes-street on the 9th January, and was fined 10s. and 5s. 6d. costs, in default of payment three days' imprisonment. 