LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. The RACES. — The coming race meeting, which is to take place ou the Perth course on the 23rd and 24th instant, is expected to beot unusual interest. Several very promising nags are in training in town, and we hear of several likely ones in band in the country which have not yet graced our tart'. This, too, is the first meeting since our new Governor's arrival; and it is well known that he takes great interest in the sport His £scellency has expressed bis anxiety to be present; and no doubt he will arrange to be back from bis tour in time. BUSH-FIRES have been unusually frequent and destructive this season, more particularly in the environs of tbe city. A good deal of pasturage, besides fencing, has been de- stroyed. A few days since a fire broke out near Big Lake, and in a short time almost entirely demolished tbe establishment of Mr. Mark Banks, the dwelling house being burnt to the foundation. We have reason to believe that a good deal of the anxiety and loss felt by settlers in the interior are given birth to by the imprudence of their neigh- bours, and indeed ot themselves, frequently, from various causes. We often hear at this season of the year of farmers burning round their fields, and not infrequently of actually destroying their stubble. Such imprudence we need scarcely comment upon. Careless, inexperienced, and care-for-nothing lads and men are employed, too, as herdsmen ; and to these is deputed the business of burning the run for next season's pasturage. Knowing nothing and caring less as to which direction the fire is likely to take, they look upon a jolly blaze as a work of art. The result is that large gum trees are laid on the ground, which burn and smoulder, and often burst into flames and make the off- shoot of a greater and more destructive fire, travelling for miles through the scrubs, and ultimately rendering many an unfortunate family home- less and penniless. The authorities in the country districts would do well to see that the local ordinance regulating the burning of stubble and firing the bush was strictly observed. The period, we believe, extends from about April to October. Caution to BATHERS.— Unwelcome com- panions in tbe shape of sharks to those who make a practice of bathing in the river have lately been seen in the river. One of about five feet long was the other day hooked and landed at the Bridge, and others have been seen near Mill Point. The VOLUNTEERS. — We are unable in this issue to overtake the letter of "A Volunteer," but it shall appear next week. We however fnlly endorse his opinion that the most practical and satisfactory method of "coming to the charge" with the Govern- ment in the matter of conceding bounties for service and good conduct would be by having a general meeting of the Company. This conld easily be done both in Perth and Fremantle ; and the members of other Corps in the country districts would profit by the example and follow suit when they felt dis- posed. But no doubt any arrangement made by the Government would apply generally throughout the colony. 