MACLEAY RIVER. (From Ote Macleay Herald. Sept 20 ) TOE WEATHER.-Since our last issue the 1 weather baa been subject to more changes than 1 generally so noticeably occur in BO short a space of time On last Friday night the frost was so ' sharp as to nip the young grass, which wat ' beginning to spring luxuriantly. On Saturday afternoon rain succeeded a morning of unusual warmth, and Sunday was particularly fine. On Tuesday a severe heat was experienced, the thermometer standing at 90° in the > shade in the middle of the day. The evening , was not anything cooler, the bush-fires which were burning on the east of Kempsry, pro- bably, contributing to the closeness of theatno sphere. We learn that on the above day the bush from Allan's Flat (ten miles distant, and on the Port Macquarie road) to East Kempsey was burning fiercely. During the evening in- sects of various kinds paid a visit to most of th« habitations about, to the danger of themselves and that of kerosene lamps, and the annoyance of the unwillingly visited. Wednesday was warm but dull. About eleven o'cle.k at night a severe thunderstorm began to break OTU OUI locality. It continued all night, accompanied with heavy showers of rain. Thursday wai rainy and dull- slight gleams of sunshine »lu r nating with heavy downpours-up to the tims of our going to press. The severe frost of Fri- day night last out np the up- river crops, nipcing the young beans, potatoes, maize, arrowroot, &o;, completely off. THE FREDERICKTON SUGAR MILL.-We are glad to be able to inform our readers that this establishment is likely to re- commence operations in manufacturing sugar sometime th's week, under the management of Mr. Bryce-who hal taken the establishment entirely into his own bands, confident of Buocess. SUGAR INDUSTRY -Messrs. ROM, J.P., and Morrison, both proprietors of sugar mills on the Hastings River, arrived on the Macleay on Wednesday afternoon, for the purpose of seeing the district, and inspecting the Colonial Sngir Company's magnificent works at Belmore Uiver. They left Kempsey for that purpose yesterday. THE FLAT AT BELL-STBEET.-The sand-flat that bas formed in the river at the foot of Bell street Kempsey, extends for a considerable dis ! tance into the stream, and continues as far as j Glenogie. Previous to the launching of tba I Fire Queen from Mr Coobrane's yards, two or three men were employed digging a channel in the sand, in order to allow the vessel room to dip when lannehed, without sticking in the sand, lhis was the deepest part of the river previous to the great flood of 1864 ; since then the sand-flat has been gradually developing itself. NARROW ESCAPE.-Yesterday week a very narrow escape from what would, in all proba- bility, hare been a fatal accident, happened to Mr. T. Lawson, of Frederickton. He had un- hooked a horse from a harrow, after the day's work, when the swingle-tree touched the animal's beela, whereupon it kicked ont with both feet, reaching within a couple of inches of Mr. Law son's chest, and sending the swingle-tree with lightning speed over his bead. This may in- deed be characterized a very miraculous escape. ACCIDENT.-On Tuesday last as Mr. A. Hux- ham, of Hnrsely, Hastings River, was ohopping some wood, the axe he was using slipped and struck his foot, nearly severing the big toe of his left foot. Ha was conveyed to Port Macquarie, and is progressing as favourably M can be expected towards recovery. 