THE BUSH FIRES ACT. Stubble-burners and bush-fire kindlcrs, beware! is the valuing for this time of the year. The provisions of the Act for the pre vention of bush fires have keen so often digested, and are regularly brought under the notice of the public in such a variety of ways, that few of those whom it may con cern can plead ignorance of their prohibitions and penalties. They, 01- at all events a por tion of them, are now in full operation, and the luxuriant vegetation following upon a specially favourable season renders their rigid observance peculiarly necessary. One of the minor inconveniences of a particular good year for pastoral purposes is the extreme risk from fire. Those who have been rejoicing in the beneficent results of a continuous rainfall throughout the countiy are now meditating with some alann upon the corresponding disadvantages. The section of the Bush Fires Act that takes effect earliest iu the year is the fourth, which places an embargo on the use of ignitable wadding in guns used for sporting purposes between the months of September and April inclusive, the penalty for breach being £5. For the most pait, however, the restrictive provisions only apply from the 1st | of November to the end of ApriL Clause 2 , only extends from the first-named date to { April IS. It is directed against the burning of stubble, hay, or grass unless between the hours ' of G and 10 in the afternoon, subject to a i power of modification vested in District Councils. Clause 3 recites the safeguards that the person burning hay, grass, or ' stubble must observe to place himself beyond ! liability to a fine of not less than £3, or not ' exceeding £10. The first is at least one ' day's notice to adjoining owners and 1 occupiers; the second is the engagement of : at least four persons to assist in preventing : the spread of the fire ; the third is the | ploughing or clearing at least three feet in width round the boundaries of the field to : be burned ; the fourth is that in no case is the fire to be lighted other than during the four hours above specified. ' It ought to have been mentioned that sportsmen arc liable during the months of September and April aforesaid to have their guns examined by the owner or occupier of the land over which they are passing or by i his servant. Any resistance or refusal to ! furnish names on the part of the trespasser ! is punishable with a fine ranging in amount 1 from £2 to £5. t The sixth section is directed against in discriminate fire-lighting in the open air by travellcrs. It stipulates that the quid pro t/ttrj shall be the obligation to clear a space all round ten feet in depth, and to extinguish the fire before leaving the ground. The penalty for disobedience cannot fall below £2 or go I»eyoud £5. The seventh section provides as follows:-"Every person who shall at any time during ' the mouths of November, December, j January, Februaiy, March, and April smoke in the open air within twenty yams J of any stubble, or of any rick or field of hay, 'com, straw, or stubble, unless within a town, shall on conviction thereof forfeit and pay a sum of not less than 10s., nor more than £2." The eighth enacts " that if any 1»erson within the months of November, December, .January, February, March, and April shall employ gunpowder or any other explosive mixture for the purpose of blasting any trees, wood, or timber, without having at least four persons present to prevent any fire arising therefrom, he shall upon convic tion thereof forfeit and pay the sum of £5." These are the principal provisions of the law affecting evil doers. The mode of enforcing the penalties is very clearly set out, but that is not material. It is enough for offenders to know that the machinery for executing summary justice upon theui exists, aud that if their offences go unpunished it is not because the Act is unity. The class that stands most in need of admonition, however, consists of the negligent and careless rather than the out-and-out incendiaries. Fires in the bush are occasioned much more frequently by inadvertence than from malice aforethought. This year, for reasons already mentioned, there is special occasion for care. 