PASTORAL. We take from, the Weekly Stock Report of the Dubbo Dispatch «f the 24th December the following extracts :— The weather, since our last report, bas been changeable. Monday was very warm with hot «mds. At night, there was a regular hurricane, and a sharp tAiower of rain fell. On Tuesday, the thermometer rose to ataut 110* in the ?shade. On Wednesday, the morning was delightful, but towards noon the sky became overcast, and thick clouds foimed, threatening heavy rain, which commenced to fall at 11, and continued at intervals all about 6 o'clock;, Tbt- cour.iry is looking pplendid, and th« season could not b? improved. Since the beginning of pomrrjT, we have had rain wbtoevtr required. Tbo growtfc of feed h*e becu very lalfcfactoiy. The plains, as a consequence, are now ctvered wilh a cerpot of tho futistantinl gnut;ee and saline hnbogep, for which these districts are so fumed in any iMng like ccod seuonB.' There is also any quantity of water. Boles, datnt, carweUs, and other conservators. Loth natural and artificial, of the element, are full to repletion. The proepecte, therefore, of the paeloraltst look more promising this year than they have done for feme liine. Sleek are in fine healthy condition; and lhree-feurthB of the flocke and herds are fit for the butoher. The bock country, which could not be used last summer, owing to ite waterless condition, is now well enpplied, and supporting a large cuniber of eheep and cattle. The same w»le of things which exists in our own immediate neigh bourhood, is also present in other pans of the district. Ob ibe Urper Wsrrego, ' the late rains have made grass very abundant. The country around Charleville looks beautiful. Old residents say that a season like the present has not been known on the Warrego for jcars.' On the Paroo, Bulloo, and Wilton the grass is feet high, and ebeep and cattle arc ' rolling fat,' The harvest which the settlers in thcte far-off parts looked for to long has at list come, and It is hoped they may be able te take the fullest ad vantage of it. On the Darling, the late downpours have freshened the graft, and given an impetus to its growth. The plains about Bourke look like great waving meadow?. Cattle and eheep there look splendid, and sb a correspondent recuUy remarked, the only drawback to the full appreciation of the excellence of the season is that the flocks urjd herds, being eo thinned by the droughts of three tucctftive veers, the squatters cannot send to market so ruuch fat etock as they could if their holdings were stocked up to their full carrying capacities. On the Casilereigh, the seBPon is aU that could be desired ; and on the Bartrin, from Walpett to Breewnrrina, there is not an inch of country without its coating of strong substantial feed. S i thnt, on fiU (ides, look where wo will, the signs pf plenty meet our geze, and we hope the picture may long continue bo. la Southern Eiverina very hot weather has been the ru!c At Wagga Vfaggi, the heat during the laet week has been absolutely tropical, as may be judged from the fact that fbc glass, on tnore than one occasion, has reach? 1 the tiuly broiling point of 118 degrees in the shade. The (jnips is ell He dry ap powder, end station holders are natu rally apprehensive of the breaking out of bushfire'. At Seniliquin the (trantry in also looking well. On the Murray grnte is plentiful, and the wafcr ruppiy sufficient in some places to last for two years. In the weekly stock report of the Wagga Wagga Express of Saturday we find the follow ing remarks :— On Tuesday night last the oppressive heat of the last few weeks was aiott welcomely broken by a succession of tbujjder showers. During Wednesday rain continual to fall at intervale, end in eome parts of the district came down for a time in perfect torrcnto, filling damp, holes, end watercourses, and freshening up wonderfully the fast withering feed. The weather EinM? has been cool and fine, tied itei and water both being n jijidant the prospects of the season are all th&l; could be denred. From Queensland jiaj-tora] accounts continue favourable. On the Uarcoo and metUm interior the season has beeii an excellent one ; sheep art generally in pplendid conditioL, and are being drafted off wholesale to the pot*, to makr room for cattle. Nearer '?lit- coast an opposite opinion as « -- the relative advantages i-{ cattle and theep holding appear to prevail, and horned stock ore there giving place to sheep. With this object in view the whole of the herd from one station, in West More ton, bas been exchanged at 36s. per head for young vetbere at 4s. Cd. ; and on another station a herd of 3000 head has, for titniJar reasons, been disposed of at 33s. per bead. In the Northern parts of New South Wales the weethtr has been very hot, and though feed, on the whole, is plentiful, rain in some parts would be gratefully wel comed. Cattle in great cumbers are moving for the South, and en the lice of travel feed ie, in consequence, from Pobbo northwards, often very scarce. 