[?] ^ii^^^ss year* »'{ i^i-* i» 1 j-ienty c*-i rouevt over cii? iejJ* « Jau;;* asivkwivi^' anJ myself, sud we iii jnivra so oe r-.ca. Odr uenC us*i to nib his hands, iii 60*. »u-aw ocr c-gi^i^htiEfeises visited town. Taer« bis tuo.«y ia tie hiat, lasne ??« eiires in iae eslUr, t&e.-a; were rice-a«s«s ia she pidilock ; in atwK, we km wealsiiy, prwperooa mea— Jaoies a ua£tssr»:e. Xsvsaibersei LsbaraLE^ has, and by the tenth the jr*ss wis is dry is »:uc-ble : still w hoped for a scesiMr-sKirai ieJ a few niy?' rain, but none ciuie. U^aminr \t™ «re.»Fi!v on, aid br t'bri--tmas the s^iiL^TiTexs*. ?i«t-5 sa-Ke vtuch were saow-ted, wens re-jacsii 50 a ;s* tctijjy pools, and vast qiiinuties of av&i; «?«« cja^regite.L witbin easy reach of the river, trvNS -.^c« pe-i-k:'* rues, mila= any. Of cuarse. feed began w get very scarce, yet we weie hiriiv so bd-iiy oS yet as uiir ceijthours. for we had ;^s; tiirted wis.'h every beast we coali spare, at higu prices, to Port thillLs sad were only WiisiDg for tae jirss r^iiLS to start *f ter store rastlt, which were some wiut hard to get n«kr the nesr coioar. Xo r»in ytt, iad we were ia the ead of January ; the fountains ut heivea were dried up, bat now all rvunil the no.-thero hunz^c tae biish nres bornt continually, a pillar cf tmoke by d»y, and a pillar of dre by ni^ht. Xeirer. by ni^hs. Lie ii eoeaiy ereepins up to a bviesiuerevi'tea-ii. Ta wessbir had been very still for tcc;e time, ici we toot precaution to burn great strips or'iTiii all roiii :h; p»ddjcks to the north, but ia s^i;e I-£ ill c'J ^rscai'.ioas, I tnew that, should a ssroL; sri^J co^t Oi from ta»5 quirter, cot ling short o: i lairade c--7i.'i snem, Bii: ss yet t^e wessher was very still, not very brijtht. ba': .-ister clou Jy, aal a dense haze of smoke wai crer srery-.aiag, miking the distances look ten tises as fir sis ihey realiv were, and rendering the wfcoie Lii*i5^-e as grey and melancholy as you can cuccdre. Inere Wia nothing much to be done, but to si: Le the verindah, drinking cUret-and-water, and wutching and hoping tor a thuuderstorzn, Oa the ttird ot February the heat was wone than ever, but there was no wind ; and as the sun went dju-nadOEg tbe lurid smoke, red as blood, I thought I made out a few wnice brush-shsped clouds rising in the north. Jiai and I sit there late, and talking much. We knew that if we were to tw burnt out our loss would be very heavy ; bus we dunked God that even were we to lose everything it would not be irreparable, and that r^icin^-itock were our gre-itest auxiety. \Vre had a good stack uf hi.v, by » liicu we might keep them alive for aaother month, supposing all the grass was burnt ; but if we lost that, oar nurses would probably die. I said it Ust — 'Jin;, we may make up our minds to have the run swept. The fire is baruifl;,' up now.' ' Yes, it is brightening,' said he, ' but it must be twenty miles otf still, and if it comw down with a gentle' *inii we siiall save the paddocks and hay. There is a gosd deal oi grass iu the lower paddock. I am glad we had the rorethuught not to feed it down. Veil, lire ur no tire, 1 su-ill go to bed.' We went to bed, and, in spite of aDziety, mosqui toes, and he;it, 1 fell asleep. In the grey morniug I was awakened, nearly suffocated, by a dull continuuus roar. It was the wind in the chimney. The north wind, so long imprisoned, had broke loose, and the boughs were crashing, and the trees were falling, before the majesty of hu wrath. I ruu out, and met James in the verandah. ' It's all up,' I said. ' Get the women and children into the river, ana let the men go up to windward with the sbeen-ekuiE. I'll get on horseback, and go and see how the Morgans get on. That obstinatefeilow will wish he hid come in now.' Morgan was a stockman of oura, who iived, with a wife and two children, about eight miles to the north ward. We always thought it wouli have been better for him to move ;n, but he had put it off, and now the fire had taken us by surprise. I rode away, aead-up wind. Our station had a few largo trees abojt it, ami then all was clear plain and short grass for two miles ; after that came scruouy ranges, in an open glade of which the Morgans' hut stood. 1 feared, from the density of the smoke, that the tire had reached them already, but I thought it my duty to go and see, for I might meet them fleeing, and help them with the children. I had seeu mauy bush-fires, but never such a one as this. The wind was blowing a hurricane, and, when I had ridden about two miles into scrub, high enough to brush my horse's belly, I began to get frightened. Still I persevcied, against hope; the heat grew more feai f ul every moment ; but I reflected that I had often riddenup close to a bush-fire, turned when I beeanto see the name through the smoke, and cantered away from it easily. Then it struck me that I had never yet seen a bush fire in such a hurricane as this. Then I remembered stories of men riding for their lives, and others of burnt lioraea and men found in the bush. And, n jw, I saw a sight which made me turn in good earnest I was in lufi.y timber, ami, as I paused, I heard the mighty crackling of tire coming through the wood. At the same innunt the blinding smoke burst into a mil lion tonouts uf fiickeriu*; flame, and I saw the fire - not where 1 had ever neon it before— not creeping along amoag the scrub— but up aloft, a hundred aotl fifty feet over their head It had caught the dry bituminous | tops of the higher boughs, and was flying along from tree-top to tiee-tou like lightning. Below, the wind Was comparatively moderate, but, up there, it was travelling twenty miles an hour. I saw one tree ignit ing like guu-cotlon, and then my heart grew small, and I turned and fled. I rode as I neve rode before. There wore three miles to go ere I cleared the foref.t, and got among the short grass, where I cquid save myself— three miles ! Ten minutes neatly of intolerable heat, blinding smoke, and mortal terror. Any death but this ! Drowning were pleasant, glorious to Biuk down into the cool sparkling water. But, to be burnt alive ! Fool that I was to venture so far ! I would give all my money now to be naked and penniless rolling about in a cool pleasant river. The maddena I, terrified horso went like the wind, bat not like the liurricane— that was too swift for us. The fire had outstripped us over-head, snd I could see it dimly through the ibfernal choking reek, leaping and blazing a huudieil ynrJs before us, among the feathery foliage, devouring it, as the south wind devours the thuuder clouds. Then I could see nothing. Was I clear of the forest? 'luank the Lord, yes — I was riding over grass. I managed to pull up the horse, and as I did so, a mob of kangaroos blundered by, blinded, almost against me, noticiug me no more in their terror than if I had been a stump or a stone. Soon the fire came hissing along through the grass scaroely six inches high, and I walked my hurse through it ; then I tumbled off on the blacken eil ground, aud felt as if I should die, I lay there on the hot black ground. My head felt like a block of stone, and my neck was stiff so that I could not move my head. My throat was swelled and dry as a sand-hill, and there was a roaring in my ears liko a cataract. 1 thought of the cool watoi falls among the rocks far away in Devon. I thought of everything that was cidd and pleasant, and then came into my head about Dives prayiug for a drop of water. I tried to get up, but could not, so lay down again with my head upon my arm. It grew cooler, and the atmosphere was clearer. I got up, and, mounting my horse, turned homeward. Now I began to think about the station. Could it have escaped? Impossible! The fire would fly a hundred yarns or more t-uch a day as this even in low plain. No, it must bo gone ! There was a great roll in the plain between mu aud home, so that I could see nothing of oar place— all around the country was black without a trace of vegetation. Behind me were the smoking ruins of the forest I had escaped from, where now the burnt out trees began to thunder down rapidly, and before, to the suutb, I could see the fire raging miles away. So the station is burnt, then ? No ! For as I top the ridge, there it is before me, standing as of old —a bright oasis in the desert of burnt country round. Ay ! the very hay-stack is sale ! And the paddocks ?— all right glory be to God ! I Kot home, and James came running to meet me. ' I was getting terribly frightened, old man,' said he, 'I thought you were caught. Lord save us, you look ten years older than you did this morning.' I tried to arjswr, but could not speak for drought. He ran and got me a great tumbler of claret-and- water ; anoVin the evening, having drunk about an imperial gallon of water, ami taken afterwards some claret, I felt pretty well revived. 1kT(*n WP.rA finnt. nilf*. of. nnpn tvt aaa af!--ae t.lia MnMnn* *'*l-u n**iu ouuv vuw au UUI.C W DOG ULlrCl iJllC UlUlKliUF, and fouud them perfectly safe, but very much fright ened ; they had, however, saved their hut, for the fire had passed before the wind had got to its full strength. So we were delivered from the fire ; but still no raiu. All day, for the next month, the hot north wind would blow till five o'clock, and then a cool southerly bretze would come up and revive us ; but still the heavens wore dry, ami our cattle died by hundreds. Ou the eighteenth of March, we sat in the verandah looking still over the blackened unlovely prospect, but now cheerfully and with hope ; for the eastern sky was piled up range upon range wUh the scarlet and purple splendour cf cloud-land, and, as darkness gathered, we saw the lightning not twinkling and glim mering harmlessly about the horizon, as it had bern all the summer, but falling sheer in violet-coloured rivers behind the dark curtain of rain that hung from the black edge ef a teeming thnader-doud. We had usked our overseer in that night, being Satur day, to drink with us ; he sat very still, and talked but little, as was his wont. I slapped him on the back, and said: ' IX- r»a remember, Geantie. th*t Kiuff ia Thalaba whuch** tie wivns«:iounl T Ue sumjM hive got you or us? to- choose f-'r hi'u : w» wouldu't Usve made a u»s;.*ke. 1 know, \W- no.iM have oh,«sen such a one asyvia jWrtous l-ig- lwUK»i. fellow. &w; how grandly he «uvs sr\'«rliug up I' '' Is's jasl evuie,' said he, ' without the praying for. UTheu the fire came owie tits hit! the other iUy, I just put up a bit of (inier ia the Lord, that He'd spare the n*\s'.ack. audiw sjwrvJ. it.. (1 tiiJua stup working, ye few : i trurt-nl the hinier ; if ye itiuuu iuclu to work, ye sbouM ca |-ray. ) But I never prayed for rain — i dii'.ai, } e sw, Ukv to ask the Lord to ur»-t all hu- gran' lawsof electricity and rv*fior»Uun, justbveauseit would. silt as. I thivilt He'd likely keu lutter than inysel HtKh. sirs, but that diiel's riilius hard !' A hjrssuien appeased ui. iking for the station at full speed; when he was quite dose, Jim called out, ''By Jove, it is D.wwr Mulhaus !' and we rui out into Ihe yanl to me«t him. i-f fore auy oue had time to speak, he -houted out : ' My dear boy, I'm so gl»d I am in time : we are goiu; to see oue of the grandest electrical disturb. act« it has erer been my Tut u- witness. I reined up just uow to look, and I cUculated that the southern point of explosion a one is diszh*r£iO!Z niue times in the minute. How is your barometer V ' Haven't looked, Doct-r.' '?'iireless fellow,' he replied, ' you don't deserve to have one.' '? Never mind, sir, we have got you safe and snug cut of the thunderstorm. It is going to be very heavy I thiuk. I only hope we will have plenty of raiu.' ' Xot Uiuch »1juj£ of it,' said he. ' Nuw, come into the verandah and let us watch the storm.' We went and sat there ; the highest peaks of the grtMt cloud alps, lately brilliant red, were now cold silver grvy, harshly defined against a faint crimson background, and we begun to bear the thunder rolling and mattering. All else was deadly btill and heavy. ' Mark the lightning !' said the Doctor ; ' that which is before the rain-wall is white, and that behind vio'.ec-coluured. Here comes the tbundergust.' A fierce blast of wind came hurrying on, carryinj a cloud of dust and leaves before it. It shook the four corners of the house and passed away. And now it was a fearful syht to see tlieraia spouts pouring from the black edge of the ower cloud us from a pitcher, nearly overhead, and lit up by a coutiuous uUze of lightning. Another blast of wiud, now a few drops, and in ten minutes you could barely distinguish the thunder above the rattle uf the ruin ou the shingles. It warred and banged around us for an hour, go that we could hardly hear one another speak. At length the D «tor bawled,— ' We shall have a crack closer than any yet, you'll see ; we always hare oue particular one ;— our atmos phere is not restored to its balance yet — there !' The curtains were drawn, aud yet. for an instant, the room was as bright as day. Simultaneously there came a crack and an explosion, so loud and territying, that, used us I was to such an event, I involuntarily jumped up from my seat. 'Are yon all right here?' said the Doctor; and, running out into the kitchen, shouted, 'Any one hurt';' The kitchen girl said the lightning had run all down her back like cult! water, and the housekeeper averred that she thought the thunder had taken the roof of the house off. So wesoou perceived that nutliiog was the matter, and sat down agaiu to our discourse, and our supper. ' Well,' begau I, ' here's the rain come at last. In a fortnight there will be good grass again. t- e ougut w Eutti- anu get Home Btore c&Ltie.; *' But where ?' replied James, ** We shall have to go a long way for them; everyone will be wanting the same thing now. We muse push a long way north, and make a depot somewhere westward. Then we can pick them up sixes aud sevens at a time. Whea shall we go i' 'The sooner the better.' 'I think I will come with you,' said the Doctor. ' I have not been a journey forsonie time.' ' Your conversation, sir,' I said, ' will shorten the journey by one-halt ' — which was binceiely said. Away we went northward, with the mountains on our left, leaving snow-streaked Kosciu-ko nearly behind us, till a great pans, through the granite walls, opened up the westward, up which we turned, Mount Murray towering up the south. Soon we were on the Alurrum bid-ee, sweeping from side to side of his mountain valley in broad curves, sometimes rushing hoarse, swollen by the late rains, ruder beds of high timber, and aomf times dividing broad meadows of rich grass, growing green once more under the invigorating hand of autumn. All nature had awakened from her deep summer sleep, the air was brisk and nimble, and seldom did three happier men ride ou their way than James, the Doctor, and I. Good Doctor ! How he beguiled the way with his learning— in ecstasies all the time, enjoying everything, auiuiitbt; 01 luauimaiie, ua you ui l wouiu uujuy u uew play or a new opera. How I envied him ! He was like a man always reading a new and pleasant book. At first the stockmen rode behind, talking about beasts, and horses, and whut not — ufteu talking about nottiing at all, but riding along utterly without thought, if such a thing could be. But seon I noticed they would draw up closer, and regard the Doctor with some sort of attention, till toward the evening of the second day, one of them, our old acquaintance Dick, asked the Doctor a question, as to why, if I remember right, certain trees should grow in certain localities, and there only. The Doctor reined up alongside him directly, and in plain forcible language explained the matter: how that some plants required more of one sort of substance than another, and how they get it out of particular soils ; and how, in the lapse of yearn, they had come to thrive beat vu the suil that suited them, aud had got stunted aud died out in other parts, 'bee,' bidd he, 'how the turkey holds to the plains, and the pheasant (lyre-bird) tu the scrub, because each one fiuda its food tliere. Trees cannot move ; but by time, aud by positively refusing to grow on unkindly soils, they arrange themselves in the localities which uitthem beet,' So after this they rode with the Doctor always, both hearing him and asking him questions, and at last, won by his blunt kindliness, tiiey grew to like and respect him iu their way, even as we did. So we faredon through bad weatherand rough oountry enjoying a journey which, but for him, would have been a nitre trial of patieuoe. Northward ever, through forest and plain, over mountain and swamp, across sandstone, limestone, granite and rich vegetation. Sometimes we would camp out, but of tener managed to reuoli a station at uigbt. We got well across the dry country between the Murrumbidgee and Lachlan, sow abounding with pools of water ; and, having crossed the latter river, held on our course towards Croker's Range, which we skirted ; aud, after having been about a fortnight out, arrived at the lowest station on the luauifuniu? jikvc u* nun m ucluuuii. This was our present destination. The owner was a friend of ours, who gave us a hearty welcome, and, on our enquiries as to store cattle, thought we might pick up a good mob of them from one Btation or another. We luight, said he, make a depot for them, as we collected them, ou Borne unoccupied land down the river. It was poor country, but there was grass enough to keep them alive. He would show us a good place in a fork, where if is impossible to crass on two sides, uni where they would be easily kept together ; that was, if we liked to rick it. ' Risk what ' we asked. 'Blacks,' said he. ' They are mortal troublesome just Dow down the river. I thought we had quieted them, but they have been up to their old games lately, spearing cattle, and so on. I don't like, in fact, to go 100 far down there alone. I don't think they are Mac quarie blacks ; I fancy they must have come up from the Darling, through the marshes.' We thought we should have reason to be afraid with euch a strong party as ours; and Owen our host, having some spare cattle, w« were employed for the next three days in getting them in. We gat nearly a hundred head from him. The first morning we got there the Doctor had vanished ; but the third evening, as we were sitting down to supper, in he came, dead beat, with a great bag full of stones. When we had drawn round the fire, I said : ' Have you got any new fossils for us to see ?' ' Not one,' he said ; ' only soine minerals.' ' Do not you think, sir,' said Owen, our host, ' that there are some ores of metals round this country ? The reason I ask you is, we so often pick up curiously coloured stones, like those we got from the mines at home, in Wales, where I some Irorn.' ' I think you will find some rich mines near here soon. Stay ; it can do you no harm. I will tell you something : three days ago I followed up the river, and about twenty miles above this spot I became attracted by the conformation of the country, and remarked it as being very similar to some veiy famous snots in South America. * Here.' I said to mv self, ' Maximilian, you have your volcanic dis turbance, your granite, your clay Blate, and sandstone upheaved, and seamed with quartz — why should you not discover here, what is certainly here, more or less — I looked patiently for two days, and; I will show you what I fouud ' He went to his bag and fetched an angular ston as big as one's fist. It was white, stained on one side with lust-colour, but in the heart veined with a bright yellow metallic substance, in some places runniig in delicate reins into the stone, in others breaking out in large shining lumps. ' That's iron-pyrites,' said I, as pat as you please. ' Goose !' Baid the Doctor ; ' look again,' I looked again, it was certainly different to iron pyrites ; it was brighter, it ran in veins into the stone ; it was lumpy, solid, and clean. I (.aid, ' It is very beautiful ; tell us what it is.' ' Guld !' said he, triumphantly, getting up and walking about the room in an excited way : ' thit ittle stone is worth a pound, there is a quarter of an ounce in it. Give me ten tons, only ten cartloads such stone as that, and 1 would buy a principality.' Kvery one ciowded round the stone open-mouthed, and James said : ' ' Are you sure it is gold, Doctor ?' ' He asks me if I know gold, when I see it, — me, you understand, who have scientifically examined ail the best mines in Peru, not to mention the Mines I Geraes in tbe Brazils ! My dear.fellow, to a man who has once seen it, native gold is unmistakeable, utterly so ; there is nothing at all liko it.' 'But this is a remni k.iMo discovery, sir,' said Owen. ' What w you going to do !' ' I shall go to the Coitmmout,' said he, ' ami mal.-e the- best bargain I ojm.' 1 had bolter mention h'ro thit he afterwards did go to the Government, and announced his discovery. Ksther to the Doctor's disjust, however, though lie acknowledged the wisdom of the thing, the courteous anil able gentleman who then loinvseuied his M.ij-'sty, informed him that he was perfectly s»nre of the exist ence of gold, but that he for one should assert the pre rogative of the Oruwu, ami prevent uny one mining on Crown-lands ; us ha considered tlu£ w«-re the gold abundant, the effects on the convict population would be eminently disastrous To which obvious piece of gaod sense the Doctor bowed his head, and the whole thin^ |n»«i into oblivion -so much sn, tint when I beard of Harsrave's discovery in IS'il, I hid nearly for gotten the Doctor's gold adventure ; and I may hero state my belief that ilie knowledge of its existence was confined to very few, and those well-educated men. who never gue-sed (how could they without considerable workings ?1 how abunilaut it was. As for the stories of shepherds rinding gold and selling it to the Jews in Sydney, they are very mythical, and I for one entirely disbelieve them. In time we bad collected liiout 250 head of cattle from various poiuts into the fork of the river, which lay further down, some seven miles, than his house. As yet we had not been trouble! by the blackfelloa-s. Those we had seen seemed pretty civil, and we had not allowed them tj get familiar ; but this pleasant state of things was not to last. James and the Doc tor, with one ruin, were awuy for the very last mob, and I was sitting before the fire at the cimp, when Dick, who was left behind with me, asked for my gun to go and shoot a duck. I lent it him, and away he went, while I mounted my horse and rode slowly about, heading back such of the cattle as appeared to be wssdericg too far. I heard a shot, and almost immediately another ; then I heard a queer sort of eci-eam, which puzzled me extremely. I grew fryhteoeJ and roiie towards the quarter where the shots came from, and almost imme diately heard a loud Co'oe. I replied, aud then I s iw Dick limpiHg along through the bushes, peering about him and holding his gun as one does when expecting a bird to rise. Suddenly be raised his gun and fired. Out dashed a blackfellow from his hiding place, run ning across the open, anl with his second barrel Dick rolled him over. Then I saw half-a-dnzeu others rise, shaking their spears ; but seeing me riding «p, and supposing t was armed, they made off. ' How did this cume about, Dick, my lad?' said I. 'This is a bid job.' 'Well,' he said, 'I just fired at a duck, and the moment ray gun was gone off, up jumped half-a- dozeu of them, and sent a shower of spears at me, aud one has gone into my leg. They must a' thought that I had a single-barrelled pm and waited till I'd fired it ; but they found their mistake, the duvils ; for I gave one of them a charge of shot in his ttonricb at twenty yards, and dropped him ; they threw a couple more spears, but both missed, and I hobbled out as well as I could, loading as I went with a couple of tallow cartridges. I saw this other bdast skulking, aud missed him firist time, but he has got something to remember me by now.' 'Do you think you can ride to the station and get some help?' said I. I wish the others were back.' 'Yes,' he replied, ''I will rnauage it, but I don't like to leave you alone.' 'One must stay,' I said, 'and better the Found man than the wounded one. Come, start off, and let me get to tne camp, or they will be plundering that next. ' I ttarted him off and ran back to the ca:np. Every thing was safe as yet, and the ground round beiii^' clear, and having a double-barrel gun nud twopistoln, I was not so very much frightened. It ia no use to say I was perfectly comfortable, because I wasn't. A Frenchman writing this, would represent himself as smoking a cigar, and singing with the greatest nonchalance I did neither. Being an English man, I may be allowed to confess that I did not like it. I had fully marie up my mind to fire on the first black who showed himself, but I did not gtt the oppor tunity. In about two hours I heard a tioiso of men shouting snd whips cocking, -tnd the Doctor and James rode up with a fresh lot of cattle. I told them what had happened, and we agreed to wait and watch till news should come from the Htation, and then to start. There was, as we thought, but little danger while there were four or five totjether ; but the worst of it was, that we were but poorly armed. However, at nightfall, Owen and one of his men came down, reporting that Dick, who had been speared, was getting ail right, and bringing also three swords, aud a brace of pistols. James and I took a couple of swords, and began fencing, in play. *? I sec,' naid the Doctor, ' that you know the use of a sword, vou two.' ' Lord bless you !' I said, ?' we wero in the Yeomanry (Landwehr you call it); weren't we, Jim? I was a corporal,' ' I wish,' said Owen, ' that, now we are together, five of us, you would come aud give these fellows a lesuon ; they want it badly.' ?-.'Indeed,' I said, 'I think they have had lessons enough for the present. Diuk has put down two of them. Beside, we could not leave the cattle.' 'lam sorry,' said James, 'that any of our party has had this collision with them. I cannot bear shoot ing the poor brutes. Let us move out of this, home ward, to-morrow morning. ' Just before dark, who should come riding down from the station but Dick ! —evidently in pain, but making believe that he was quite comfortable. ' Why, Dick, my boy,' I said, ' I thought you were in bed ; you ought to be, at auy rate.' 'Oh there's nothing much the mitter within', 3Ir. Hanilyn,' lie said. ?? You will have some trouble vith these fellows, unless I an mistaken. I was told to look after you once, nnd I mean to do it.' (Ue refeired to the letter that Lee had sent him years before.) JTuat night Owen stayed with us at the camp. We seta watch, anil betook the morning spell. Every thing passed off quietly ; but when we came to examine our cattle in the morning, the lot that James had brought in the night before were gone. Tbe river, flooded when we first came, had now lowered considerably, so that the cattle could cross if they really tried. These last, being wild and restless, had gone over, and we soon found the marks of them across the river. The Doctor, James, Dick, nnd 1 started off after them having armed ourselves for security. We took a sword a-piece, and each had a pistol. Tbe ground was moist, and the beasts easily tracked ; so we thought au easy jjb was before us, but we soon changed our minds. Sf Following on the trail of the cattle, we very soon came on the footsteps of a black fellow, evidently mm e recent than the hoofmarks ; then another footstep joined in, and another, and at last we made out that above a dozen blacks were tracking our cattle, aud were tetween us and them. Still we followed the trail as fast as we could. I was uneasy, for we were insufficiently armed, but I fouud time to point out to the Doctor, what he had never remarked before, the wonderful difference between the naked foot-print of a. white man and a savage. Tbe white man leaves the impression of his whole sole, every toe being liistinclly marked, while your black fellow leaves scarce any toe-marks, but seems merely to spurn the ground with the ball of bis foot. I felt very ill at ease. The morning was raw, aud a dense fog was over everything. One always feels wretched on such a morning, but on that one I felt miserable. There was an undefiuable horror over me. and I talked more than any one, glaj to hear the sound of my own voice. Once tbe Doctor turned round and looked at me fixedly from under liis dark yebrows. ' riamlyj ,' lie said, ' I don't think you are well ; you talk fast, and are evidently nervous. We are iu no danger, I think, but you seem as if you were 1 lightened.' ' So I am, Doctor, but I don't know what at.' Jim was riding first, and he turned and said, 'I have lost tbe black fellow's track entirely; here are the hoof-marks, safe enough, but no foot-prints, and the ground seems tj be ruing.' The fog was very thick, so that we could see nothii above a hundred yards from us. We had come through forest all the way, and were wet with pushing through low shrubs. As we paused came a puff of air, and in ve minutes the fog had rolled away, and a clear blue sky and a bright sun were overhead. Now we could see where we were. TVe were in the lower end of a precipitous mountain-gulley, narrow where we were, and growing rapidly narrower as we advanced. In tbe fog we had followed the cattle-tracks right into it, passing, unobserved, two great heaps of tumbled rocks which walled the glen ; they were thickly fringed with scrub, nud it immediately struck me that they stood just in the place where we had lost the tracks of the black fellows. I should have mentioned this, but, at this moment, James caught sight of the lost cattle, and he galloped off after them ; we followed, and very quickly headed them down the glen, and were posting homeward as hard as we could no. I remember well there was a young bull among them that took the lead. As he came nearly opposite the two piles of rock which I havn mentioned, I saw a black fellow leap on a boulder, and send a spear into him. He headed back, and the other beasts came against him. Before we could pull up we were aghinst the ctttle, and then all was confusion and disaster. Two blaak fellows were on us at once, shouting like devils, and sending down their spears upon us like rain. I heard the Doctor's voice, above all the infernal din, cry ing ' Viva ! Swords, my boys ; take your swords !' I heard two pistol shots, and then, with deadly wrath in my heart, I charged at a crowd of them, who were huddled together, throwing their spears wildly, and laid about me with nsy cutlass like a madman. I saw them scrambling up over the rocks in wild con fusion ; tben I heard the Doctor calling me to come on. He had reined up, and a few of the discomfited savages were throwing tpears at him from a long distance. When he saw me turn to come, he turned also, and rode lifter James, who was two hundred yards ahead, reel ing in his saddle like a drunken man, grinding his teeth, aud making fierce clutches at a spear which was buried deep in his side, nnd which at last he succeeded in tearing out. He went a few yards farther, and then fell off his horso on the ground. Wo were both off in a moment, but when I (;ot his head on my lap, I saw he was living. The Doctor liuked at the wound, and shook liis bead. I took bis rislit hand in mine, and the other I held upon bis true and faithful heart, until 1 felt it flutter, mid stop for ever. Then I broke down altogether. ' Oh ! good old friend ! Oh ! dear old frienJ, could you not wait fcr ine? Shnll I never 6ee you ngain?' Yes ! I think that I shall see yon again. Hlitn I have crussed the dark river which we must all cros-, I think he will be one of those who come down to meet me from the gates of the Everlasting City. ' A man,' said tlie Doctor to me, two days after, when we were sitting together in the station parlour, 'wlio approached as nearly the model which our Great Master has left us as any man I kuow. I studied and admired him for many years, aud now I canuoi toll you nut to urouro. I can give you uo comfort for the loss of such a uun, save it be to say thit you auJ I may hope to ru^et him ag*in, and leiru new lessons from him. ina better place tint this ' IS WHICH THE NEW DEAN OF II ? MAKES HIb APPEARANCE, AKD ASTONISHES THE HAJOlt OUT OF HIS PBOPMETV. One evening towards the eve of that winter, Mrs Buckley Sam aud sat alone before the fire, in the quickly-gathering darkness. The candles were yet unlimited, but tlie cheerful flickering light produced ped by one of dead gum, sboue mo»t pleasantly ou tbe well-ordered dining-room, on tbe-clune-diaivn curtains, on the nicely-polished furniture, on the dinner- table, laid with a lair array of white linen, silver and glass, but, above all. on the honest, quiet face of Sam, who sat before his mother iu an easy- chair, with his head back, fast asleep. While she is alternately casting glances of piide anl affection towards her'sleepiug uon, and keen looks on the gunilog, in search of centipedes, let us take a lookat her ourselves, and Beo how sisten years have bi-haved to tuac handsome face. There is change here, but no deterioration It is a little rounder pel haps, and also a little fuller in colour, but there are no lines there yet ' Hanniness and ceaseless good temper duu't luike many crinkles, even in a warmer climate thau old England,' says the MaJT, and says also, confidentially, ! to Urentwood, 'put a red camellia in her hair, ai.dsend ; Her to the opera even now, and see what a sensation sbe would make, though she is nearer fifty than forty,' —which was strictly true— although said by her hus band, for the raven hair is as black as it was when decorated with the moss, roses of Clere, aud the eye is as brilliant as when it tUshed with the news of Trafalgar. Now the beautiful profile is turned again towards the sleeper as he moves. ' Poor boy !' she said. ' he is quite knocked up. He must have been twntv-four houis iu the saddle. However, he had better be after cattle than in a billiard room. I wonder if his father will he home to- nis;ht.' Suddenly Sam awoke. ?? Heigh !' said lie. ' I'm : nice company, mother. Have I been asleep ?'' | ' Oaly for an hour or so, iny boy,' said bhe. '? See ; : I've beemlefefiding you while you slumbered. I have kilk'd three centipedes, which came out uf that old i gum log. I cut this one in half with the fire shovel,' 1 anJ the head part walked away as if nocliiug lm.1 hap pened. I must tell tbe mau not to give us rotcen i wood, or some of us will be (jetting a ni|-. It's a long fifty miles from Captain Brentwood's' said lira, Buck- : ley after a time. ' And that's a very good day's work for little Bronzewing, carrying your f-uuer' away— eli, mother?' ' Why, the greatest news ia, (hat the D 'novans have sold their station, nnd are off to Port l'lul.ii..'1 ' All the world is moving tucre,''said Sam. ' Who has he sold it to;' ' Tliat I can't find out— there's your father, my love.' There was the noise of hoises' feet and merry voices in the little gravelled yard behind the house, heuid above a joyous balking of dogs. Sam ran out tu uold his father's horse, aud soon after came into the 100m again, accompanied by Ilia father i-.nd Captain Uient wood. [TO UK CONTINUED. ] 