THE NOVELIST. SOME CHAPTERS FROM THE RECOLLECTIONS OF GEOFFRY HAMLYN INTRODUCTORY. NEAR tlie end of February 1857, I think about the 20th or BO, though it don't much matter ; I only know it was near the latter end of summer, burning hot, with thc hushûres raging like volcanoes on the ranges, and the river reduced to a slender stream of water, almost lost upon the broad white | flats ot quartz shingle; it was tho ond of February, I said, when Major Buckley, Captain Brentwood (formerly of tho artillery), and I, Geoffrey Hamlyn, sat together over our wine in the verandah at Baroona, gazing sleepily on tho groy plains that rolled away east and north-east towards the sea. "Wo had sat silent for some time, too lazy to spoak, almost to think. Tho boautif ul flower-garden which lay before us, sloping towards tho river, looked rather brown and sere, after the hot winds, although the orange trees woro still green enough, and vast clusters of purple grapes wore ripening rapidly among the yel lowing vine-leaves. On the whole, however, the garden was but a poor subject of contemplation for ono who remembered it in all its full November beauty, and so my eye travelled away to tho left, to a broad paddock of yollow grass which bounded tho garden on that side, and there I watched an old horso feeding. A very old horso iudeed, a horse which seemed to havo reached tho utmost bounds of equino existence, And yet such a beautiful beast. Even as I looked some wild young colts were let out of the stock-yard, and carno galloping and whinnying towards him, and then it was a sight to see tho old follow as ho trotted towards them, with his noso in tho air, and his tail arched, throwing his logs out before him with . the ease and graco of a four-year-old, and making me regret that he wasn't my property and ten years younger-altogether, even then, ono of the finest horses of his class I had ovor soon, and suddenly a thought carno over me, and I grow animated. "Major Buokley," I said, " what horso is that?" "What horse is that ?" repeated tho major very slowly. " Why, my good follow, old Widderin, to be sure," " Bless mo !" I said ; You don't mean to say that that old berso is alive still ?" " Ho looks like it, said tho major. " He'd carry you a mile or two yet." " I thought ho had died while I was in England," I said. " Ah major, that horse's history would bo worth writing." "If it amused you to writo it, I am sure it would amuse UB to read it," said tho major. " But you aro rather old to tum author," said Captain Brentwood ; " you'll make a failure of it ; in faot, you'll nover got through with it." I replied not, but wont into my bedroom, and if yo will havo pationco, my dear reader, you will find i out in a very short time-road .on. THE READER IS INTRODUCED TO SOME Of TUE PRINCIPAL CHARACTERS. A now heavon and a now earth ! Tier boyond tier, height above height, tho great wooded ranges go rolling away westward, till on the lofty sky-line they aro crowned with a gleam of everlasting snow. To the eastward they sink down, breaking into isolated forest fringod peakB, and rock-crowned eminoncoB, till with rapidly straightening linos they fade into the broad groy plains, boyond which tho Southern Ocean is visible by tho whito sea-hazo upon tho sky. All creation is now and strange Tho trooB surpass ing ia sizo tho largost English oaks, aro of a species wo havo nover seen before. Tho graceful shrubB, tho biight-colourod flowers, ay, tho very grass itself, are of a species unknown in Europo; whilo flaming lories and brilliant parroquets fly whistling, not unmusically, through tho gloomy forest, and over bead in tho Mgher I fields of air, still lit up by the last rays of the BUD, | countless cockatoos -wheel and scream in noisy iov n« we may see the gulls do about an English headland' To tho northward a great Rion, sinking suddenly from tho saddle on which we stand, stretches awavin a long vista, until it joins a broader valley, throuo-h whioh wo oan dimly seo a full-fed river windine; alon* m gleaming reaches, throush lovel meadow land? inter sporsed with clumps of timber. Wo aro in Australia. Threo hundred and fifty miles south of Sydney, on tho great Mañero Plains the watershed which divides tho Belloury or Tuross from tho Maribyrnong, since better known as tho Snowv river of Gipps-lnna". As tho sun was going down on tho sceno I have beon describing, James Stockbridge and I, Geoffry Hamlyn reined up our horses on the ridge above- mentioned' and gazed down tho long gully which lay stretohed at our feet. Only the tallest trees stood with their higher boughs glowing with tho gold of the departing day and wo stood undetermined whioh íoute to pursue' and half inclined to camp at the next waterholo we should see. We had lost some cattle, and among others a valuable imported bull, which wo were very anxious to recover. For live days wo had been passing on from run to run, making inquiries without success, and were now fifty long miles from homo in a southerly direc tion. We were beyond tho bounds of all settlement . the last station wo had been at was twenty miles to tho north of us, and the occupiers of it, ns they had told us tho night before, had only taken up their country about ten weeks, and wero as yet the furthest pioneers to the southward. At this time Stockbridge and I had been settled in our new homo about two years, and were beginning to got comfortable and contented. Wo had had but little trouble with tho blacks, and having taken possession of a fine piece of country, wero flourishing nud well to do. Wo had ucver heard from home but once, and that was from Tom Troubridge, soon after departure, tolling us that if we succeeded ho should follow, for that the old place seemed changed now that wo were gone. "We had neither of us left any uenr relations behind us, and already we began to think that we were cut for ever from old acquaintances and associations, and wero beginning to bo resigned to it. Let us return to whore ho nnd I wero standing alone in the forest. I dismounted to sot right some strap or another, and, instead of getting on my horse agnin nt once, stood leaning against him, looking at the pros pect, glad to ease my legs for a time, for they wero cramped with many hours' riding. Stockbridge sat in his saddle immoveable and silent ns a statue, and when I looked in his face I saw that his heart had travelled further than his eyo could reach, and that ho was looking far boyond the horizon that bounded his earthly vision, away to tho pleasant old home whioh was homo to us no longer. " Jim," Baid I, " I wonder what is going on nt home at Drumston now?" " I wonder," he said softly. A pause. Below us, in tho valley, a mob of laughing jaokasscs wero shouting and laughing uproariously, and a mag pie was chanting his noble vesper hymn from a lofty tree. "Jim," I began again,v" do you ever think of poor | littlo Mary now?" "Yes, old boy, Ido," ho replied; " I can't help it ; I was thinking of her then-I am always thinking of I hor, and, what's moro, I always shall he. Don't think me a fool, old friend, but I love that girl as well now ns ever I did. I wonder if sho has married that follow I Hawker?" " I foar there is but little doubt of it," I said; "try I to forget her, James. Get in a rage with her, and bo proud about it ; you'll mako all your lifo unhappy if you don't." ' He laughed. " That's all very well, Jeff, but it's easier said than dono. Do you hear that ? There aro I cattle down tho gully." There was somo noise in the air, besido the evening I rustle of the south wind among the treo tops. Kow it sounded like a far-off hubbub of waters, now swelled I up harmonious, like the booming of cathedral bells across somo rich old English valley on a still summer's I afternoon. " Thero aro cattle down there, certainly," I said, ' ' and a very large number of them ; they aro not ours, depend upon it ; thero are men with them, too, or they would not make so much noise. Can it; be the blacks driving them off from tho strangors we stayed with last night, do you think? If so, wo had best look out for ourselves." " Blacks could hardly manage such a large mob as thero are thero," said James. " I'll tell you what I think it is, old Jeff-it's some now chums goiug to cross tho watershed, and look for now country to the south. If so, let us go down and meet thom-they will camp down by tho river yonder." James wns right. All doubt about what tho now comers were was solved before we roached the river, for wo could hear tho rapid detonation of the stock whips loud abovo the lowing of the cattle ; so we sat and watched them débouche from tho forest into tho broad river meadows in tho cuthering gloom-saw tho scene so venerable and ancient, so seldom seen in tho Old World-the patriarchs moving into the desert with all their wealth, to find a now pasture-ground. A simple primitive action, tho first and simplest «ot of colonization, yet producing such groat results on the history of the world, as did the parting of Lot and Abraham in times gone by. First came the cattle lowing loudly, some trying to stop and graze on tho rich pasture after their long day s travel, some heading noisily towards the river, now beginning to steam with tho rising evening mist. Now a lordly bull, followed closely by two favourite heifers, tries to take matters int o his own hands, and cut out a route for himself, but is soon driven ignominiously back in a lumbering gallop by a quick-eyed stookman. Now a silly calf takes it into his head togo for a sinai i exoursion up the rango, followod, of course, by nw doting mother, and has to be headed in again, not . without muttered wrath and loworings of the heaa [from madame. Behind the cattle como horsemen, i somo six or seven in number, and last, font arivs' bearing the household goods, come crawling up tue pass. xi, Wo had time to notice that thero wore womon on tuo foremost dray, when it beoamo evident that the'Pf"? intended camping in a turn of tho river just Below. One man kicked his foot out of tho stirrups, ana sil ting loosely in his saddle, prepared to watch tho cattle for the first few hours till he was relieved. An°"£r lit a fire against a fallon tree, and while tho huUo°it . drivers were busy unyoking their beasts, ana women wero clambering from tho dray, two oi T° j horsemen separated from tho others, and carno torwmu to meet us. , (-."« Both of them I saw wero men of vast stature. u» ^ as ir cirea witn ms jaurnuy. in;»"»' .»-~ ili(rv,f; could distinguish nothing in tho darkening twüigw , but, looking at James, I saw tba¡ ho was eagerlyscan ning tho, strangers, with elevated-eyebrow and meow lips. Ere;l could speak to him, ho had ^hrf ** ward with a shout, and when I "PJES/iJ wondering, I found myselfshaking hands, wtaiga^ laughing, everything in fact short of crying, w» Major Buokley and Thomas Troubridge, «Rango up alongside hero' Jeff, you rascal," said m «, » and lee rae got a fair hug at you. What do « think of this fora lark j oh?-to moot you out i « nil promiscuous, in tho forest, Uko Pnnco frflmr1 Wo could not go out of our way to seo you, MMsh we know where you wore located, for we must hurry on and got a pieco of country we have been told "inn tho next rivor. Wo aro going to settle down oloso hy you, you seo. We'll make a new Drumston in tho wilderness." . "This is a happy meeting, indeed, old Tom, I cot somo ot pur mo«u» >" w Sou? How is Mrs. Buckley?" "Mrs Buckley is us well as over, and as handsome. Uv nrotty littlo cousin, Mary Hawker, and old Miss Thornton aro with us j the poor old Vicar is dead." " Mary Hawker with you ?" I said. " And her hus k*" Hardly,"old friend. Wo travel in better company," said ho. " George Hawker is transported for lifo." "Alas poor Mary!" I answered. " And what for ?" "Coining," ho answered. "I'll tell you tho story another time. To-night lot us rejoice." I could not but watch James who was riding boforo ra to seo how he would take this nows. Tho Major, I Baw telling him all about it, but James seemed to take it quito quietly, only nodding his head as tho other went on. I knew how ho would feel for his old love, and I turned and said to Troubridge, "Jim wÜl bo very Börry to hoar of this. I wish she had married him." . "That's what wo all say," said Tom. I am sorry for poor Jim. He is about tho best man I know, take him all in all. If that follow wore to dio, she might have him yet, Hamlyn." Wo reached the drays. There sat Mrs. Buckley on a | log, a noble, happy matron, laughing at her son as ho toddled about, busy gathering sticks for tho fire. Beside her was Mary, paler and older-looking than when we had seen her last, with her child upon her lap, look in" sad and worn. But a sadder sight for mo was old Slfss Thornton, silent and frightened, glancing uneasily round, as though expecting some now horror. No.child for her to cling to and strive for. No husband to watch for and auticipato every wish. A poor, timid, norvous old maid, thrown adrift in her old ago upon a I skrango sea of anomalous wonders. Every old favourite prejudice torn up by tho roots. All old formulas of j life soattered to tho winds ! She told me ia confidence that evening that she had been in sad trouble all day. At dinner time some naked blacks had como up to tho dray, and had frightened and shocked ker. Then tho dray had been nearly upset, and her hat crushed among the trees. A favourite and precious bag, which never left her, had been dropped in tho water ; and her prayer-book, a parting gift from Lady Kate, had been utterly spoiled. A hundred potty annoyances and griefs, which Mary barely remarked, and which bravo Mrs. Buckley, in her strong determination of following her lord to the ends of tho earth, and of being as much help and ns littlo incumbranco to him as she could, had laughed at, were to her great misfortunes. Why, the very fact, as she told me, of sitting on tho top of a swinging jolting j dray was enough to keep her in a continual stato of agony and terror, so that when she alit at night, and sat down, sho could not help weeping silently, droad ing lest any ono should seo her. Suddenly, Mary was by her side, kneeling down. " Aunt," shesaid, " dearest aunt,"don'tbreak down. It is all my wicked fault. You will break my heart, auntie dear, if you cry like that. Why did ever I bring you on this hideous journey ?" " How could I leave you in your trouble, my love ?" Bald Miss Thornton. "You did right to come, my love. Vfewero among old Monds. Wo have como too far for trouble to reach us. We shall soon have a happy homo | again now, and all will bo well." So sho, who needed so muoh comforting herself, courageously dried hor tears and comforted Mary. And when wo reached tho drays, sho was sitting with her hands folded before her in sincero misery. "Mary," said tho Major, "hero are two old Monds." He had no time to say moro, for she, recognizing Jim, sprang up, and, running to him, burst into hysterical weeping. " Oh, my good old Mond !" sho cried ; " oh, my dear old Mond ! Oh, to meet you here in this lonely wilder ness ! Oh, James, my kind old brother !" I saw how his big heart yearned to comfort his old sweetheart in her distress. Not a selfish thought found placo with him. He could only see his old love injured aad abandoned, nought more. "Mary," he said, " what happiness to soe you among all your old Monds como to livo among us again ! It is almost too good to believe in. Believo mo, you will get to like this country as well as old Devon soon, though it looks so strange just now. And what a noble | boy, too ! We will make him the best bushman in tho country when ho is old enough." So he took tho child of his rival to his bosom, and I whon the innocent littlo faco looked into his, ho would seo no likeness to George Hawker there. He only saw [ tho mother's countenance as he know her as a child in years gone by. "Is nobody going tonotico mo or my boy, I wonder ?" | said Mrs. Buckley. " Como boro immediately, Mr. Stockbridge, before we quarrel." hi a very short tune all our party were restored to their equanimity, and wero laying down plans for pleasant meetings hereafter. And long after the women had gone to bod in tho drays, and the moon was niling high in the heavens, James and myself, Trou bndgo and tho Major, sat before tho fire ; and wo heard, for the first time, of all that had gone on Binco we loft England, and of all poor Mary's troubles, iaeneaoh man rolled himself in his blanket, and slept 'TTIT imder tho rustling forest-bougliB. ... ,*pe[bright cool morning, ero the sun was up, and tao belated opossum had run back to his homo in tho r nouowlog, James and I wore a-foot looking after our uorses. w0 walked silently sido by sido for a few " «ft until he turned and Baid : M Jo"i old fellow, of courso you will go on with wem, and stay until they aro settled?" ." dîmi OW follow," I replied, "of courso you will go on WM them, and stay till they aro settled?" ^t^dorod a fow moments, and thou said, "Well, wuynot? I supposo sho can bo still to me what sho always waa? Yes 1 will go with thom." wnen wc returned to tho dray wo found them all Preparing for a start. Mrs. Buckley, with her ET!? tu»ked up, was preparing breakfast, as if she had rial .^3? *totho thin6 aU her Ufo. Sho had an inrpo ono I i°r Wfty of manoeuvring a frying-pan, which did k.l f,? ,,8ee> Ib is my bolicf, that if that woman ifc in "T,OÍVí,eii unon to groom a horse, she'd havo done Àvvi Tyhke Wfty inJntfÜJa.rnos.wont among tho party to announce his o loni?« °{ ë01"S witu thom, I had 'an opportunity *tt£ME85* tho sonand heir of all the Buokleys. Ho wasL^ry'Jhandsomo °hild about five years old, and huUàolTJi . dlnE,apart from tho others, watching a ohüZn ei y^lDS UP his beast. I nm very fond of chamotei-q T 8reat intorost in studying their younmf«. 5 B? . sto°d. not unamused, behind this aent ftfÄ^ ho stood looking with awe and astonish .blebeaVf. m?ft 118 ho-managed the great and formid however ^a?dh.roußhtoaoh ono into MB placo J not, "««i TOtnoiitmoro oaths than ono would care to repeat. Suddenly tho child, turning round and seeing mo behind hun, came baok, and took my hand. " Why is he so angry with them ?" tho child asked at onoo. " Why does ho talk to thom liko that ?" "Ho is swearing at them,"I said, "to mako thom stand in their places." "But tiley don't understand him," said tho boy. 1 That blade and white ono would have gono whore ho wanted it in a minute ; but it couldn't understand, you know ; so ho hit it over tho nose. Why don't ho find out how they talk to ono another ? Then he'd manage thom much bettor. Ho is very cruel." "He does not know any bettor," I said. "Como with mo and get some flowers." " Will you take mo up?" he said. "I musn't run about, for tear of snakes." I took him up, and wo wont to gather flowers. " Your name is Samuel Buckley, I think," said I. " How did you know that ?" "Iremomhor you when you wero a baby," I said. "I hope you may grow to bo as good a man as your father, my lad. Seo, there is mamma calling for us." "And how far south aro you going, Major ?" I asked at breakfast. "No furthur than wo can help," said tho Major. I stayed a night with my old friend Captain Brent wood, by the way ; and there I found a man who know of some unoccupied country down boro, which ho had seen in somo bush expedition. Wo found tho ground ho mentioned taken up ; but ho 'says thero is equally good on tho next river. I havo bought him and his information." " Wo saw good country away to tho south yesterday,' I said. "But aro you wise to trust this man? Do you know anything about him ?" " Brentwood lias known him these ten years, and trusts him entirely ; though, I believe, ho has been a convict. If you aro determined to como with us, Stockbridge, I will call him up, and oxamino him about tho route. William Lee, just step hero a moment." A swarthy and very powerfully built man carno up. No other than tho man I have spoken of under that namo before. Ho was quito unknown to cither James or myself, although, as ho told us afterwards, ho had recognised us at once, but kept out of our sight as much as possible, till by tho Major's summons ho was forced to como forward. " What routo to-day, William ?" asked tho Ma jor. " South and by east across the range. Wo ought to get down to tho river by night, we're lucky." So, whilo tho drays wero getting under way, tho Major, Tom, James, and myself rodo up to tho saddle where we had stood tho night boforo, and gazed south east across the broad prospect, in tho direction that the wanderers wore to go. "That," said tho Major, "to the right there, must bo tho great glen out of which tho river comes ; and thero, please God, wo will rest our weary bodies and build our house. Odd, isn't it, that I should have been saved from shot and shell when so many better men wore put away in the trench, to como and end my days in a place like this ? Well, I think we shall havo a pleasant lifo of it, watching tho cattle spread further across the plains year after year, and seeing the hoy grow up to bo a good man. At all events, for weal or woo, I havo said good-bye to old England, for over and a day." The cattle were past, and tho drays had arrived at where we stood. With many a hearty farewell, having given a promiso to como over and speud Christmas-day with them, I turned my horse's hoad homewards and went on my solitary way. I HIRE A NEW HOUSEBREAKER. I must leave them to go their way towards their now home, and- follow my own fortunes a little, for that afternoon I mot with an adventure quito trifling indeed, but which is not altogether without interest in this story. I rode on till high noon, till having crossed tho valley of the Bolloury, and followed up one of its tri butary creeks, I had come on to the water system of another main river, and tho rapid widening of the gully whoso course I was pursuing assurred me that I could not bo far from the main stream itself. At length I ontered a broad flat intersected by a deep and tortuous creek, and hero I determined to camp till the noon-day heat was past, before I continued my jour ney, calculating that I could easily reach home tho next day. Having watered my horso, I turned him loose for a graze, and, making such a dinner as was possible under tho circumstances, I lit a pipe and lay down on the long grass, under tho flowering wattle-trees, smoking, and watching tho manoeuvres of a littlo tortoise, who was disporting himself in tho waterhole beforo mo. Getting tired of that I lay back on tho grass, and watched the green leaves waving and shivering against the clear blue sky, given up entirely to tho greatest of human enjoyments-the after-dinner pipe, tho pipo of peace. , Which is tho pleasantest pipe in tho day? Wo used to say at home that a man should smoko but four pipes a-day: tho matutinal, another I don't specify, tho post-prandial, and tho symposial or convi vial, which last may bc infinitely subdivided, according to tho quantity of drink takon. But in Australia this division, won't obtain, particularly when you aro on the tramp. Just when you wake from a dreamless sloop beneath tho forest boughs, as tho east begins to blaze, and tho magpie gets musical, you dash to the embers of last night's fire, and after blowing many lire-sticks find one which is alight, and prooced to send abroad on tho morning breeze tho scene of last night's dottle. Then, when breakfast is over and the horses aro caught up and saddled, and you aro jogging across tho plain, with the friend of your heart beside you, tho burnt incense once moro goos up, and conversation is unnecessary. At ten o'olook when you oross tho creek (you always cross a orcek about ten if you aro in a good country), you halt and smoko. So after dinner in tho lazy noon-tido, ono or perhaps two pipes aro neoossary, with, perhaps, nnother about four in tho afternoon, and last, and perhaps best of all, aro tho three or four you smoko beforo tho fire at night, when tho day is dying and tho opossums aro beginning to chatter iu tho twilight. So that you find that a lig of Barret's twist, scvontccn to the pound, is gone in tho moro hours of day-light, with out counting such a casualty as waking up coid in the night, and going at it again. So lay I lay on my back dreaming, wondering why a locust who was in full screech close by, took tho trouble to make that terrible row when it was so hot, and hop ing that his sides might bo soro with tho exertion, when to my great astonishment I hoard tho sound of feet brushing through the grass towards me. "Black fellow," I said to myself ; but no, thoso wore shoddon feet that swept along so wearily I raised myself on my elbow, with my hand on my pistol, and reconnoitred. There approached mo from down tho creek a man, hardly roaching tho niiddlo- sizo, lean and activo-look ing, narrow in tho flanks, thin in tho jaws, his knees well-apart ; with a keen bright eyo in his head. His clothos looked as if they had belonged to ten different men ; and his gait was heavy, and his face red, ns if from a long hurried walk ; but I said at once-" Hore comes a riding man, at all events, bo it for peace or war." "Good day, lad," said I. .'Good day, sir." "You'ro off tbo tracks for a foot-inan," said I. "Are you looking for your horse ?" "Deuce a horsohavo I got to my naino, sir,-liavo you got a feed of anything ? I'm nigh starved." " Ay, Burcly : tho tea's cold ; put it on the ambers and warm it a bit j here's beef, and damper too, plenty. " I lit another pipe and watched his meal. I liko feeding areal hungry man it's almost as good as eating oneself-sometimes bettor. When tho edge of his appetite was taken off he began to talk ; ho said first " Got a station anywheres about hero, sir ?" "No, I'm Hamlyn of tho Durnongs, away by Man eroo. " "Oh ! ay; I know you, sir; whioh way have you como this morning ?" "Southward; I crossed tho Belloury about seven o'clock. " "That, indeed ! You haven't seen anything of three u ilook drays and a mob of cattle going south ?" b' ' Yes ! I camped with such a lot last night!" " Not Major Buckley's lot ?" ' Tho same." "And how far wero they on ?" "They crossed tho rango at daylight this morning; -they're thirty miles away by now." Ho threw his hat on the ground with an oath ; "I shall novor catch them up. I daren't cross that range on foot into tho new country, and those black devils lurking round. He shouldn't have left mo like that ; -all my own fault, though, for staying behind ! No, no, ho's true enough-all my own fault. But I wouldn't havo left him so, neither ; but, perhaps, he don't think I'm so far bohind." I saw that tho mau was in earnest, for his eyes were swimming : - he was too dry for tears ; but though he looked a desperate scamp, I couldn't holp pitying him and saying, "You seem vexed you could'nt catch them up ; were you going along with the Major, then?" "No, sir ; I wasn't hired with him ; but an old mate of mino, Bill Leo, is gouo along with him to show him some country, and I was i*oing to stick to him and see if tho Major would take mo ; wo havn't been parted for many years, not Bill and I havn't ; nnd the worst of it is, that he'll think I vo slipped away from him, instead of foliowiug him li fty miles on foot to catch him. Well ! it can't bo helped now ; I must look round and get a somewhere till I got a chance to join him. Were you travelling with him, sir?" " No, I'm after some cattle I've lost ; a fine imported bull, too,-worse luck ! We'll never seo him again, I'm afraid, and if I do find thom, how I am to got .home single-handed I don't know." "Do you mean a short-horned Durham hull with a key brand ? Why, if that's him, I can lay you on to him at once ; he's up at Jamicson's, hero to tho west. I was staying at Watson's last night, and one of Jamie son's men stayed in tho hut-a young hand ; and, talking about beasts, ho said that thero was a fine short-horned bull come on to their run with a mob of heifers and cows, and they couldn't make out who they belonged to ; thoy were all different brands." "That's our lot for a thousand," says I ; " a lot of store cattlo we brought this year from the Huntor, and and haven't branded yet,-more shame to us." "If you could got ahorse and saddle from Jamie son's, sh-," said he, "Icouldgivo you aband homo with them .J'd'liko to got ft job somehow, and I am well used to cattle." "Done with you," said I; "Jamieson's isn't ton miles from hero, and wo can do that to-night if wo look sharp. Como along, my lad." So I caught up the horse, and away wo went. Start ing at right angles with tho sun, which was nearly overhead, and keeping to tho left of him-holding such a course, as he got lower, that an hour and a-half, | orîthereabouts, before setting he should be in my face, and at sundown a little io the left ; which is tho best direction I can give you for going about due west in November, without a compass-whiclij by the way, you always ought to have. My companion was foot-sore, so I went slowly ; ho, however, shambled along bravely when his feet got warm. He was a talkative, lively man, and ohattercd continually, " You've got a nice place up at the Durnongs, Bir," said he; " I stayed in your huts one night. It's the comfortablest bachelor station on this side. You've got a smart few sheep, I expect ?" " Twonty-fivo thousand. Do you know these parts well?" " I knew that country of yours long beforo any of it was took up. " " You've been a long whilo in the country, then ?" " I was sent out when I was eighton ; spared, as tho old judge said, on account of my youth ; that's eleven years ago." .'Spared, eh? It was something serious, then." " Trilling enough : only for having a rope in my hand." " Thoy wouldn't lng a man for that," said I. "Ay, but," he replied, "there was a horso at tho end of tho rope. I was brought up in a training stablo, and somehow thero's something in tho smell of a stablo is sure to send a man wrong if ho don't tako caro. I got betting and drinking, too, as young chaps will, and lo3t my placo, and got from bad to WOI-BO till I shook a nag, and got bowled out and lagged. That's about my history, sir ; will you givo mo a job now ?" And he looked up, laughing. "Ay, why not?" said I. "Because you tried hard to c;o to tho devil when you wero young and foolish, it don't follow that you should pursuo that line of con duct all your life. You'vo been in a training, eh ? If you can break horses, I may lind you something to do." " I'll break horses against any man in this country though that's not saying much, for I ain't seen not what I call a breaker since I've been hero ; as for riding, I'd ridden seven great winnora beforo I was eighteen ; and that's what ne'er a man alive can say. Ah, those wero tho rosy times ! Ah for old New market ?" " Are you a Cambridgeshire man then ?" "Mo ? Oh, no ; I'm a Devonshire man. I come near from where Major Buckley livod somo years. Did you notico a palo, protty-looking woman, was with him Mrs. Hawker?" I crow nil attention. "Yes," I said, "I noticed her." "I know her husband well," ho said, "and an awful rascal he wns ; he was lagged for coining, though he might have bfson for hnlf-a-dozen things besides." "Indeed !" said I ; "and is ho in the colony ?" "No ; he's over tho wator, I expect." " In Van Dieman's Land, you moan ?" "Just so," ho said; "ho had better not show Bill Loo much of his face, or there'll bo mischiof." " Leo owes him a grudge, then ?" "Not exactly that," said my communicative friond, " but I don't think thatHawkor will show much whore Loo is." "Iain very glad to hear it," I thought to myself. " I hope Mary may not havo somo troublo with her husband still." " What is tho name of tho plnco Mnjor Buckley come from ?" I incpiircd. " Drumston." " And you belong there too ?" I knew very well, however, that he did not, or I must have known him.'* "No," ho answered; "Okehampton is my nativo placo. But you talk a littlo Devon yourself, sir." Tho conversation oamo to a close, for wo heard the barking of tho dogs, and saw tho station whero wo were to spend tho night. In the morning I went homo, and my now acquaintance, who called himself Dick, along wfth me. Finding that ho was a first-rate rider, and gentle and bandy among horses, I took him into my service permanently, and soon got to liko him very well. A WARM CHRISTMAS DAY. All through November and part of December, I and our Scotch overseer, Georgy Kyle, were busy as beos among the sheep. Shearers woro very scarce, and tho poor sheep got fearfully " tomahawked" by tho new hands, who had beon a very short timo from tho bar racks. Dick, however, my new acquaintance, turned out a valuable ally, getting through moro sheep and taking off his fleece bettor than any man iu the shed. Tho prisoners, of courso, would not work effectually without extra wages, and thus gave a deal of troublo : knowing that thorolwas no fear of my sonding thom to tho magistrate (fifty miles off) during such a busy timo. However, all evils must como to au end some time or another, and so did shearing, though it was nearly Christmas beforo our wool was pressed and ready for tho drays. Then carno a breathing timo. So I determined, having heard nothing of James, to go over and spend my Christmas with the Buckleys, and seo how they were getting on at their new station ; and about noon on tho day boforo Boxing-day, having followed tho track mado by their drays from tho placo I had last parted with them, I reined up on tho cliffs abovo a noblo river, and could seo their now huts, scarco a quarter of a milo off, on tho other sido of tho stream. Thoy say that Christmas-day is tho hottest day in tho year in those countries, but somo days in January aro, I think, generally hotter. To-day, however, waa as hot as a salamander could wish. All the vast extont of yellow plain to tho eastward quivered beneath a fiery sky, and every littlo eminence stood liko an island in a lake of mirage. Used as I had got to this pheno menon, I was often tempted that morning to turn a few hundred yards from my routo, and give my horso a drink at ono of tho broad glassy pools that seemed, to lio right and left. Once tho faint track I was fol lowing headed straight towards ono of thoso apparent sheets of water, and I was even meditating a bathe, but, lo! when I was a hundred yards or so off, it began to dwindle and disappear, and I found nothing but tho samo endless stretch of grass, burnt up by tho midsummer sun. For many miles I had distinguished tho new huts, placed at tho apex of a great capo of tho continent of timber which ran down from tho mountains into tho plains. I thought they had chosen a strange place for their habitation, as thoro appeared no signs of a water course near it. It was not till I pullod up within a quarter of a mile of my destination that I heard a hoarso roar as if from tho bowels of tho earth, and found that I was standing on tho edgo of a glen about four hundred feet deep, through which a magnificent snow-fed river poured ceaselessly, boro flashing bright among bars of rock, thoro lying dark, deep reaches, under tall, white-stemmed trees. Tho scene was so beautiful aud novel that I paused and gassed at it. Across tho glen,- behind tho houses, roso up a dark mass of timbered ranges, getting higher and steeper as far as tho eyo could roach, whilo to tho north-east tho river's courso might bo traced through tho plaius by tho timber that fringed tho water's odgo, and sometimes feathored some tributary gully almost to tho lovel of tho flat lofty table-land. On either side of it, down behind down folded ono over tho other, and bordered by great forests, led tho oyo towards tho river's source, till tho courso of tho deep valley could no longer be distinguished, lost among tho distant ranges ; but above whero it had disappeared, roso a tall blue peak with streaks of snow. I rode dowu a steep pathway, and crossed a broad gravelly ford. As my horso stopped to drink I looked delighted by tho vista which opened on my sight. The rivor, partly overshadowed by tall trees, was hurrying and spoutiug through upright columns of basalt, which stood in groups everywhere like tho pillars of a ruined city ; in somo places, solitary, in others, clustorcd together like fantastic buildings ; while a hundred yards abovo was nn'island, dividing tho stream, on which, toweling abovo tho variety of low groon shrubs which covered it, three noblo fern trees held their plumes aloft, shaking with tho concussion of tho falling water. I crossed the river. A gully, deep at first, but gottiug rapidly shallower, led up by a steep nscont to tho tableland abovo, and as I reached tho summit I found mysolf nt Major Buckley's front door. They had, with groat taste, loft such trees as stood near tho house-a few dcop-sbadowed light woods and black wattles, which formed pretty groups in what I could soo was marked out for a garden. Behind, tho land began to rise, at first, in park-like timbered forest glades, and further back, closing into denso doop wood lands. " "What a lovely placo they will make of this in time !" I said to mysolf ; but I had not much timo for cogitation. Aloud, cheerful voico shouted : "Hamlyn, you aro wclcoino to Baroona !" and closo to mo I saw tho Major, carrying his son and licir in his arms, advancing to moot me from tho house- door. "You aro wclcoino to Baroona !" echoed tho boy ; "and a merry Christmas and a happy New-year to you !" I wont into thc house and was delighted to find what a chango a fow weeks of busy, quiet, industry had made in tho somewhat dragglo-tailed and disconsolato troop that I had parted with on their road. Miss Thornton, with hoi* black mittons, white api'on, and spoctacles, had found herself a cool corner by tho empty firo-placc, and was stitching away happily at baby linen. Mrs. Buckloy, in tho character of a duchess, was picking raisins, and Mary was helping lier; and, as I entered, laughing loudly, they greeted mo kindly with all the old sacred good wishes of tho season. " I very much pity you, Mr. Hamlyn," said Mrs. Buckley, "at having outlived the novelty of being scorched to death on Christmas day. My dear hus band, please refresh mo with reading the ther mometer !" " Ono hundred aud niuo in tho shado," replied tho Major, with a chuckle. "Ah, dear!" said Mis. Buckley. "If the dear old rheumatic creatures from tho alms-houso at Clere could only spend to-morrow with us, how it would warm their old bones ! Fancy how thoy aro crouching beforo their littlo pinched grato just now !" "Hardly that, Mrs. Buckloy," I said laughiug; "they aro all snug in bod now. It is three o'clock in tho morning, or thereabouts, at homo, you must remember. Miss Thornton, I hopo you havo got over your journey." "Yes, andi can laugh at all my mishaps now," sho replied ; " I have just got homely and comfortable boro, but wo must make ono moro movo, and that will bo tho last for mo. Mary and Mr. Troubridge have taken up their country to tho south-east, and as soon as ho has got our houso built, wo aro going to livo there." " It is not far, I hopo," said I. "A triflo : not moro than ton milos," said Miss Thornton; "thoy call tho placo Toonarbin, Mary's run joins the Major's on two sidos, and beyond again, we already havo neighbours, tho Mayfords, They aro on Wie livor mtün -, Wt we wn ft small ovock ftwrerds the runga». 1 ?«hoalA like to hax-c lief« on the rire.r, Toni t"hf;y «ny we we vory loftier.-" "I »an HO find to we yon,"" said Mary; "James Stockr.ridcjc XMÄ you would ba mw io come ; other wiso, we ¿howl.l have sftnt ovtr for you. What do you think ot tar boy f ' She produced him from an inner room. Ho was certainly a beautiful child, though very small, and with a certain painful likeness to his father, which even I could see. and I could not help comparing him unfavourably, in my own mind, with that noble six year-old Sam Buckley, who had como to my knee where I sat,, and was lookiug in my face as if to make a request. " What is it, my prince ?" I asked. Ho blushed, and turned his handsome grey eyes to a silver-handled riding-whip that I held in my hand. "I'lltnko such caro of it," ho whispered, nnd having got it, was soon astrido of a stick, full gallop for Ban bury Cross. Janies and Troubridge came in. To the former I had much to tell that was highly satisfactory about our shearing ; and from tho latter I had much to hear about tho state of both tho now stations, and tho adventures of a journey ho had had back towards Sydney to fetch up his sheep. But theso particulars will bo but littlo interesting to an English reader, and perhaps still less so to an Australian. I am writing a history of tho peoplo themselves, not of their property. I will only say, onco for all, that tho Major's run con tained very littlo short of 00,000 acres of splendidly grassed plain-land, which ho took up originally with morely a few cattle, and about 3000 sheep ; but whioh, in a fow years, carried 2S, 000 sheol) comfortably. Mrs. Hawker and Troubridge had quito ns largo a run ; but a groat deal of it was rather worthless forest, badly grassed ; which Tom, in his wisdom, like a great many other now chums, had thought superior to tho blcnk plains on account of tho shelter. Yet, notwithstand ing this disadvantage, they wero never, after a year or two, with less than 15,000 sheep, and a tolerable head of cuttle. In short, in a very few years, both tho Major and Troubridßo, by mero power of accumula tion, became very wealthy people. [TO BE CONTINUED]. 