GUILDFOBD. From our own Correspondent. A short time ago, a warder in Gnildford was taken very fll, and remained so for some time, and afterwards died, leaving a ockly widow and several small and nearly helaless children, the eldest a soaae tori who has to work hard at aeedle work for the miserable pittance of one shilling per day. The next is a lad who is deif, bat is at service for his food and clothing; tlie others are nearly babes, unable to earn anything for their support. I beliere fire shillings per n-eek was allowed by the Government in aid of their support, bat through some officious meddling has been stopped. This should be looked to at once. A cricket match was played a few days since on the Guildlord grounds, between the Clnbsof the Perth aud Guildford Colonial Schools, which ended after some very sharp play in favour of the Perth team. Too much credit cannot be accorded to the juveniles forming these dobs. It seems a pity that some of our cricketers, who hare nothiug to do of an afternoon, do not take more interest in the rising generation, who are nearly ready to step into their shoes. The play of Bandell and Lawrence was very good. I hope in the coarse of a short time to give some lengthy accounts of the progress in. the working ol' onr Mechanics' Institute. Oar Committee (I cannot call it a new one, because it is, with one exception, composed of the same old bands as last year) no doubt your readers may be led to believe were re-elected through their past exertions and perseverance in their endeavours to benefit the mechanic aad laboring classes employed in this district; this is not my opinion, nor that of a great many. We have been led to believe from the Annual Report of last year, that oar Committee are going to do wonders if we will only let them alone a little while. There is no talk of a lecture to be delivered, nor any thing else very startling so far. Tlie performances of Mr. and Mrs. Kelson were not Very profitable, and through eome misunderstanding there was, I regret to say, nothing to send to the Orphanage Fond. There was a good gathering of cricketers on the ground on Monday afternoon, bat 6ome of the principal members were not able to attend.. Bush- fires all around here. The cottage of Mr. Davis, a pensioner, at West Guildfbrd, caught fire on Saturday week last, bnt the flames n-ere speedily got under, with bat little dauiage done. Fruit is very late np here, and there is every prospect of onr having bnt a very poor vintage. 29th January, 1670. 