PARLIAMENT OP VICTOhlA. The only business wortb noting in the Legislative Council on Tuesday was the post ponement of the second reading of the Mar ried Women's Property Bill. The House dops not sit again till Tuesday next. In the Assembly, in reply to quest:on-s by hon members, it was elicited that the Govern ment would give up next Tuesday for the second reading of the Payment ol Members Bill, and that the issue of the Crown grants to selectors under the 42nd clause of the Land Act 1865 was being proceeded with as rapidly as possible. The further discussion of the Wine, Beer and Snirits Statute was then proceeded with, which the Age thus summarisps :—For a considerable space of time no progress was made beyond the first three words of the clause, providing for (he abolition of beer licenses, and several times the committee got involved in a most hopeless log, from the number and variety of amend ments submitted. Eventually it was decided that no beer license should be issued, but upon a sort of tacit understanding that some means should be devised of providing a middle-class license for houses situated in country districts. In the event of the Government being unable to propose such a license, the clause will probably be re-cotn mittcd at a future period, and the subject be once more introduced at the instance of some private member. Mr Micbia stated that it had b.^en proposed to him that a general license ^ee of £15 should be imposed for all classes of houses, but this did not seem to meet with the views of hon members gene rally. It was next sought to abolish the grocers' and colonial wine licenses, but this tailed, the numbers in favor of the retention of these licenses being overwhelming. Then Mr G. Y. Smith brought forward a resolution | for establislrng beer licenses in country dis tricts, so that after a hard discussion of six hours' duration the committee was actually [ brought back to the very point from whence I they had started. From this time mo-1 1 tions to report progress were moved and negatived, and it become evident that certain members intended, as far as possible, to defeat the measure by the old expedient of talking agiiinst time; and one tnambpr was permitted to mis-use his privilege by talking a parcel of nonsensical rubbish for a considerable space of time, lor the sole purpose of tiring out the j House. Finally tho Government saw that it was no use continuing the farce longer, and Sir James M'Culloch said that, although the hon member (Mr Jones) might obstruct pub lic business that light, next day when the bill was proceeded with, some measures would be taken to prevent one member from con tinuing in that course. Progress was reported at a few minutes after 12 o'clock, only one line of the second clause of the bill having been passed. On Wednesday the Wines, Beer and Spirits Sale Statute was further proceeded with, and clauses up to 17 were agreed to. Mr Francis explained wiiy the Government had not joined the San Francisco route, which was that terms were not offered which the Government could accept. On Thursday, in reply to a question, it was stated that the police would take every possi ble precaution to prevent bush-fires. Other business was transacted, the Wines, Beer and Spirits Sale Statute being advanced as far as clause 24 inclusive. 