ROMA. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) July 23. THE flooded state of the country, and the almost impassable state of the roads, led many to believe that no District Court would be held here during this week, but much to our surprise during this week, but much to our surprite on Wednesday afternoon, the Judge and Crown Prosecutor (with their usual punctuality) made tbtir appearance. Both these gentkmen came by the coach, the Judge having been obliged to leave his vehicle and bortes at the Condamine, as be considered it unsafe to risk crossing the flooded creeks on hit usual route vid Dulacca. Ihe coach left the Condamine on Monday, the passengers expecting to reach the Tulebar Hotel that night, but in this they were disap pointed, aa when they reached within nine miles of that place, it waa foncd impossible to get a»y further that night, th* fOMeyunc* was that all ths pssatngis, including the Judge, were obliged to pass the night sitting by a bush fire. At break of day the coach proceeded on its journey, and although in ordinary weather it ought to have rear bed here that night, it got no further than Mr. Wienbolt's station, where tbe passengers (not ths eoseh) arrived at 9 o'clock at night, having had tbe labor of walk ing tbs last two or three miles over roads knee-deep in mod and water. The journey must have been very arduous one for the Judge and Crown Prosecu tor | the Utter suffering, ss yon are no doubt aware, from a broken arm. On Mr. Hely's arrival in this town, Dr. Meran was in attend ance upon him, and, having examined his arm, expressed his satisfaction at the way it had been set in Condamine, and stated that con sidering the trying journey he had just con cluded, it wss progressing in a very satisfactory ••7 -'•B.—Two prisoners have just arrived from Toowoomba, and also one from Taroom. I un derstand that there are three charges against one of the number (Jasper) so that the criminal buriness is certain to occupy all day, and ths remainder of the civil business will be taken on Monday. The clerk of the weather has certainly got out of his latitude this year, for at this season it is a long time sinw we hsd weather so bitterly cold and with torrents of rain every night. 