'' GIPPASL4\D JZOaASSES JrPosZ Er Xfa Diaszacc SCararoa W. T. Dawson. Tbe Minister of Lands having issued instructions for an examination and re port on the Gippsland Morasses, M!r Dawson has recently furnished the re port below under the following items of information : L To show approximately the margin of the recent inundation that covered these lands. 2\. The extent and position of unalie sated land bordering on these morasses which is beyond flood mark. 3\. To indicate approximately the depth to which the lands have been submerged. 4\. The positions of land which it would be to the interest of the state should be reserved in connexion with the country behind. 5\. Generally to show where settlement could be permitted on the margin of the swamps and morasses where a portion of dryland would affords secure and safe site for building, while the adjoining land might be only for a short time subjected to inundation. "To A. J. Skene, Esq., Surveyor General, Melbourne. "District Survey Office, Sale, Dec. 1, 1870. " Sir,-In replying to your' memo.' in. stracting me to make a 'personal inspec tion' of the moreares in Gippaland. with a view to reporting upon several matters connected therewith, I have the honour to state that the constantly recurring suc cession of floods this year, and the con tinued bogginess of the bush lands, added to other causes, have not only delayed the work, but hare been the cause of its being performed in a very incomplete and unsatisfactory manner to myself. " The depth of snow upon the monon. tains, the quantity of rain that has fallen and the number of floods that have de luged the district are unprecedented in the memory of the oldest inhabitant. The two small swamps vrithin the town boundaries have been flooded 13 times, whilst the .Macalister and Thomson ]Rivers have overflowed their banks 17 times; sometimes one flood succeeded its predecessor so rapidly that on four dif ferent occasions the rivers fell and rose again before the swamps had sufficient time to discharge their surplus waters, thus accounting for the above apparent anomaly of the swamps being filled only 13 times by ]7 foods. Two high floods in a season are beyond the average, and three hare always been looked upon as extraordinary. Upon occasions the rivers have never overflowed their banks at all for two, and upon one occasion that 1 re collect, not even for three seasons, thus showing what exceptional weather we have had this year. I much doubt if such a change has been wrought in the physical features of the country for a century at least as has been effected during the last eight months by the snow.swollen mountain torrents uniting with the accumulating waters of almost incessant rainfalls, inundating and sweep ing with resistless fury through all the hollows and depressions in the low-lying coon try. "The rush of waters and the damage done appear to have been greater travel ling eastward. The Snowy River rose with almost incredible rapidity to a height of 4Oft. perpendicularly above summer level, end the Avon, Nicholson, and Tambo from 12ft, to 20ft. and up wards; but of course the rise of waters varied in accerdance with the nature of the country along the banks of the rivers; where it could spread over ad jacent flats the depth was not so great as where it was hemmed in by the rising ground on either side. "The Tambo and Avon rivers appear to have auffered most. In some places their courses have been completely al tered, and in others their widths have been increased from a few yards to as I many chains. This may be accounted for by the nature of the soil along their banks, and the. quantity of stock depas taring thereon. The banks for ,miles in length are formed of a deposit of friable earth, composed of a mixture of loam and sand, with an admixture of a very small portion of clay. They were origi nally covered with thick scrub, but.from bushfires and cattle browsing down the y.ung nndergrowth as soon as it an peared, they have now becomo tolerably clear. This allows the flood waters to rush down with a much greater velocity than formerly, and seize hold of any broken places in the turf, such as tracks made by cattle in going to water, of breaks made by the roots of up-turned trees, &c.; ; and then swirl out great chasms or wash away the banks for -miles, the sands of 'which they have de posited in some pInces to the depth of 6in. or Bin. over acres, renderiui land uselesis that before produced rich and luxuriant crops. "This widening of the rivers and creeks and breakinag into their banks. will entail a heacvy tax on the funds of the shires and road boards. Not only must the bridges be renuilt much longer and higher, but the works required to secure the approaches will be necessarily very expesive,. In a former report, dated the 27th June last, I mentioned that every bridge to the eastward of the Avon River had been carried away. I mny hero add Nuntin-bridge to the list, for although it has been patched up so as to make it passable for a time, the extent of damage it has sustained is such as will necessitate its being rebuilt within a very short period. Neither Govern. menet nor private property to the west ward or in the lower district has suffered anything like the same degree as east ward, although much inconvenience lhas been experienced and valuable time lost, owing to the depths and length of time the ground has been covered with water in every direction. "Another peculiar featture noticeable dorinrle the late floods was the number of floating islands being wafted in different directions over the surface of Lake Wel lincton, varying from a square yard to several ni-res in extent. .The smaller ones were merely portions of reed beds washed away from their-original posi. tions, but the lareer ones were covered with tea-tree, and many had lichtwood, wattle, and fair-sized swamp gum trees growing up on them. Numbers of wild pigs were also to be seen rooting and feeding, seemingly quite contented in their anomalous quarters; and even wild cats and other animals could he num bered amongst the inhabitants of some of them.. "These large islands all-or 7 imagine nearly so- came out of the Clydebank Morass. A verey stroang corrent, caused by the overflowing of the Avon. ran thlrough its centre, this undermined and dislodged clumps of trees and brushwood whose roots were so intertwined and laced together as to secure the surface soil from being washed away, and floated them out into deep water. The inlet or ' c. haeael it has made is such that it is questionable whether another flood or two will not entirely alter the course of the river for some miles before entering the lake. S" Some of these large islands were also a source of considerable anxiety to per sons connected with the steamboats, as many of them, had they drifted across the mouth of the straits. (M'Lellan's) were quite large enough to have completely blocked them up, and stopped for a time at least all water communication with Mel bourne or the eastern portion of the dis trict. The prevailing easterly winds for. tunately. however, prevented the currents from effecting this, and they eventually settled-principally along the northern shores of the lake-in many places con verting stretches of sandy beach into tea tree and reed beds; others grounded on the sandspits rinning out from the head lands, whilst some sank, and may yet prove a nuisance to the navigation of this fine sheet of water. "' In alluding more particularly to the information required by your memo., I accompany this with a lithographed plan showing "I. 'The flood marks not only around the principal morasses but approximately also over large tracts ofcountry that were more or less inundated (coloured blue). "2. With the exception of the land bordering on the Latrobe morasses, there is sacarcely any so situated that has not been alienated or selected. (What remains I have coloured yellow.) " 3. It is almost impossible to give the depths to which lands have been sub merged, as they vary so much. I hare, however, put a few igures on the plan, and may mention that I passed over in a boat land pegged out on the Sale morass under Part- I. of the Land Act 1869, every inch of which was from seven to eight feet under water. " The rivers flowing through the lower portions of Gippsland are generally so tertuous that it would have been better, perhaps, in many instances where the land has been sold, to have reserved a strip along their banks, with a view of straightening their courses. Some good may yet be effected by exempting from selection the unalienated morasses along the Latrobe, the Thomson, and the Maealister rivers as shown within the red lines. " I may state that in this report I have dealt almost exclusively with the large morasses, where danger is to be appre. hended from allowing selections to be made that do not contain a portion of high and dry land. There are, of course, many small morasses throughout the district that selectors might covet, but none that I know of on which selection will be made where life will be imperilled or property likely to be endangered. "I may also state that in the foregoing remarks I do not include the swamps on Clydebank and Heart Runs, bordering on Lake Wellington. Also, that I would not apprehend any danger to life from the settlement of this land, as there are numerous little rises through it; but there can be no doubt that during very high floods property would be damaged. "I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, W. T. DAwsoN, D.S." 