COUNTRY NEWS. A new Wcsleyan Church has been opened at Wangaratta. Five county courts will in future be held at Wangaratta in the year, instead of three. A school of design has been established at Albury. A sale of Crown lands will be held at Echuca, on the 12th April. Two iron snagging punts are about to be employed in clearing the River Murray, be- tween Echuca and Bama. The new wing of the Ballarat District Hos- pital is now nearly completed, and will be opened shortly. Mr. Thomas Frazer, an old and respected resident of Carlsruhe, died at that place on Thursday last. A bacon-curing establishment is amongst the new industries which have recently been established at Sale. The twelfth meeting of the Bendigo Volun- teer Rifle Association took place on Monday. Eight members fired. Private Hamilton secured the first prize with 48 points. A committee has been formed at Chiltern for the purpose of getting up an entertain- ment for the benefit of a number of the suf- ferers by the recent fire. Alfred Dawson, the landlord of the Joiners' Arms hotel, Service-street, Clunes, has com- mitted suicide by cutting his throat. Pecu- niary difficulties are stated to have been the cause of the rash act. The pheasants turned out some time ago on the station of Mr. Robertson, near Ararat, are reported as "doing well." They have bred, and the young ones seem to be thriving. A large public meeting has been held at Cambrian-hill, at which resolutions in sup- port of the Ballarat and Sebastopol Miners' Mutual Protection Association were unani- mously adopted. Already shares in the Beechworth and Wangaratta Railway Company have been taken up in Ballarat alone to the amount of £6,225. This amount, it is expected, will be at least doubled. During the last few nights, according to the Warrnambool Advertiser, bush fires have been visible in various directions, and in some localities a good deal of grass has been destroyed. " There has been another great change in the weather at Ballarat," remarks the Star. " From the cold, dreary, wet, winterlike days of the earlier part of the week, we passed on Thursday to bright, warm, sunny wea- ther." An investigation into the origin of the fire which took place at the Brown- hill Hotel on Tuesday, the 1st March, has resulted in a verdict being returned that the hotel was maliciously set fire to by some person or per- sons at present unknown. Numerous wells are being sunk in the vicinity of Camperdown. The water, although in some instances unfit for domestic pur- poses, is readily drunk by the sheep and cattle. Diphtheria, of a severe type, has made its appearance at Dunolly, Vaughan, and other towns in the country. At Campbell's Creek 20 deaths have occurred lately from this disease. Diphtheria is also very prevalent at Pitfield Plains, but no fatal cases have yet occurred there. A design for the new stone Presbyterian Church of St. John's, Ballarat (that of Mr. C. D. Cuthbert), has been selected. The design is for a building capable of accommodating 850 people, estimated, exclusive of tower and gallery, to cost something like £4,800. Ten- ders are shortly to be called for the erection of the church. "The iron tower at the Stony Creek Reser- voir is now almost erected." The Geelong Ad- vertiser states, "Something still remains to be done to the cupola, and then, after a coat or two of paint have been put on to preserve the iron, the reservoir can be "locked up," ready to receive the storm waters." Seventeen miners have started from Balla- rat to work in the Sultan and True Blue Claims at Blackwood, to take the place of the 30 men who went out on strike about a week ago, in consequence of the reduction in wages. The Ballarat miners have agreed to work at the reduced rate of £2 2s. per week. The old rate was £2 5s. "The coast country," says the Geelong Ad- vertiser, " is beginning to attract notice. The road to Princetown from Camperdown has been much improved by the shire council, and now offers no impediment to driving the whole way. The soil in some of the valleys is spoken of as being very rich." The arrangements for blowing up the Lightning with torpedoes are progressing. "Men," says the Geelong Advertiser, "are busily engaged at the wreck, clearing away masts, rigging, and everything calculated to impede the uprising or destruction of the vessel when the torpedoes are fired." "What can be done with the Prince of Wales Company's quartz, Sebastopol," says the Ballarat Star, "may be seen at Mr. Kaul's, the jeweller in Sturt- street, who has had some polished and set as earrings in Bal- larat gold. The quartz is streaked with dark lines and has a very pretty appearance. Some mischievous fellow has had the audacity to remove the foundation stone of St. Paul's Church, Koroit, recently laid by the bishop of Melbourne. It was discovered the other morning (we leam from the Warrnam- bool Examiner) that the stone had been re- moved, the cavity opened, the bottle extracted, and the contents, namely, the scroll and newspapers, cast on one side. A case of abduction is reported in the Du- nolly district. A man named Peter Manlian induced a young girl called Catherine Faby, under 16 years of age, to leave her parents' house, at Tyler's Rush, on the 12th inst., and accompany him to Llanelly. On the 18th he was arrested on the charge of the abduction of the girl, and brought up at the Tarnagulla police court, but was remanded to Inglewood. The Bairnsdale people object to the removal of their Crown lands bailiff, Mr. M'Arthur. "It appears," states a correspondent of the Gipps Land Mercury, "that the bailiff of a northern district has committed himself in some way, and to punish him it was ordered by the department that he should be removed to Bairnsdale." It isurged that Mr. M'Arthur should not be made a sufferer in the matter, and the department is to be memorialised on the subject. The sixth annual show of the Eddington Agricultural Society (we learn from the Mary- borough Advertiser) took place at Eddington on Tuesday. The day was cloudy, cold, and chilly, and the dust literally blinding. The effect was to reduce the attendance materially, and consequently the show was not, either in point of largeness of display or number of visitors, so good as some of its predecessors. While, however, the exhibits were fewer, there was no falling off in quality. It has occurred to the Hamilton Spectator that the present would be a good time for re- newing an application made some time ago for the usual assistance and recognition to be awarded to a volunteer corps at Ham- ilton. When first made, the application was not encouragingly received, but the recent de- cion of Earl Granville to withdraw the troops from the colonies ought to communicate 'in- creased stimulus to the volunteer move- ment. Here is a chance for prospectors. "A resi- dent of Pleasant Creek," says the News, "who has just had a trip across country, from the proposed source or water supply from Mount Cole, states that for miles over likely looking country in that direction there does not appear to have been a shaft put down to test the alluvial ground, and but very little surfacing in search of golden stone, although a large number of reefs cropping out of the surface were crossed on the trip. At a meeting of the North-Western Railway League, held at Clunes, on Monday, it was suggested by Mr. Jebb that at the proper time a monster petition, signed by all the ratepayers in the district who were favourable to it, should be presented to the Legislature. It was resolved to take immediate steps to ascer- tain the views of the Government on railway extension to Clunes, and that a deputation about to proceed from the district on electoral business be asked to see the Chief Secretary and Minister of Railways on the subject. " A happy family" is not an expression that would accurately describe the Wangaratta Borough Council. The last meeting of that body, according to the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, was characterised by disorderli- ness and personality. The principal offender was Councillor Murdoch, who acquainted the chairman that he would "not submit to be snubbed by Mr. Dixon, or any mayor." So outrageous did the irate councillor become that the chairman was compelled to threaten the penalties of the act, which involved a fine of £5 in open court. The Bendigo Advertiser learns- that the con tract for the completion of the Preston Vale tunnel is now complete, the contractors, Messrs. Gardiner and Co., having finished the work in 11 months, three months under the specified time. In the course of the work the contractors have driven through 1,976ft. of hard solid granite. In blasting gun-cotton was used, by which an immense saving of ex- pense was effected. During the progress of the work no fewer than 1,400 shots per week on the average was made with the gun-cotton, and without a single accident occurring. "Imprisoned in a cart" was the un- comfortable position of a farmer named Gavan and his wife at Yass the other day. "They had left Yass," the Courier relates, "in a cart drawn by two horses, and on reaching the rise beyond the pound at North Yass, a capsize took place. Singular to say, Gavan and his wife fell wholly under the cart, and all their efforts to remove it were unsuccessful. Some hours after the accident occurred, Mr. Denis M'Guire chanced to pass by, and noticing what had happened, re- leased Gavan and his wife from their in- voluntary imprisonment." It is rumoured, says the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, that the trustees of the Chiltern racecourse reserve have given authority to a creditor of the race club to dispose of the grand-stand, and the mile and a half of fencing which encloses the course, on the 2nd prox. The liabilities of the club amount to about £64, the principal portion of the amount being an acceptance given in part payment for the erection of the grand-stand, and which there are no funds to meet. It is not, however, this difficulty alone which has led the trustees to the present course of action. The reserve will be required for the North-Eastern Railway line, and in any case the fence and grand-stand would have to be removed. An exceedingly good story is told in the Pleasant Creek News :--" Prior to the start- ing of the battery belonging to the Empire Company at Landsborough, two engineers were engaged, one of whom was nominated manager without, as it now appears, sufficient inquiries being made as to his ability as an amalgamator. About the end of the week, holders of interests naturally began to be anxious as to the probable yield from the first crushing, and two or three gentlemen proceeded to the works to ascertain how things were going on. Arrived at the stamp- house, their astonishment may be moro easily imagined than described at finding that not a drop of quicksilver had been placed in the ripple-boxes. It is almost unnecessary to add that the further services (?) of those having control were at once dispensed with." It is related by the Gipps Land Mercury that some time ago, during the prevalence of the very hot weather and bushfires, a fire arose near Nambrok-house, the residence of Mr. W. E. King, which placed that valu- able property in extreme danger. Mr. King and the menservants were away on the run, but the maidservants, under the direction of Miss Butler, the governess, attacked the flames, and after great and prolonged labour they succeeded in getting them under. Nam- brok is insured in the office of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company for a large amount, and on hearing of the narrow escape they had had of losing a large amount, the directors voted a sum of money to the extinguishers of the fire. The secretary, in a courteous and graceful letter, thanked Miss Butler for her prompt action, and re- quested her acceptance of £20 as a souvenir of the fire and a solatium for her injuries. Mr. King was also requested to thank the maidservants and hand them £10. It is pleasant to record these circumstances, so creditable to the insurance company, as well as to the others mentioned. We learn from the Star that " a meeting of members of the police force was held at the Camp, Ballarat, on Wednesday night, for the purpose of considering the resolutions adopted at a meeting held some days ago in Melbourne, with reference to the raising of a fund for burying men who die in the force, and for providing for their widows and orphans. The meeting approved of the reso- lution providing that each member of the Victorian force should give half a crown from his week's pay, if willing, to pay the funeral expenses of any member who might die in the service ; the remainder of the sum to go to his widow, next of kin, or any per- son he might name. They objected, how- ever, to a board being appointed in Mel- bourne to deal with the matter, and passed resolutions, proposing that when a member of the force died the officer in charge of the dis- trict should forward particulars to the chief commissioner of police, who should then at once levy the half-crown subscription from all willing members, and transmit the sum with all possible quickness to the officer in charge, of the district, who would at once hand it over to the proper person or per- sons. Supposing each member to be willing to subscribe, about £150 could be raised in this way." Two more mining accidents are reported by the Tarrengower Times. A stage had been rigged to break down a block of quartz in the Premier claim, Cumberland Reef. A miner named Cowie got on to the stage, and tried the safety of the block, which appeared to be trustworthy. He was proceeding to drill, as it was his turn so to do, when another work- man named Seedsman asked him to sharpen the drills while he took his place. Cowie proceeded up the shaft, and Seedsman, with a miner named Thomas, commenced on the block, but had scarcely done so when down the mass came on the top of them. Of course the two, with the stage, were smashed to the bottom. It was so far fortunate that the depth of the fall was only about 6ft. Seedsman was found to be very much in- jured, an arm and a leg being broken, and his head, and in fact all parts of his body, much hacked and mangled. He is in a very precarious state. Thomas got off with a dangerous scalp wound and many severe con- tusions. On Saturday afternoon, about 3 o'clock, Lewis Johns, a fine young man, aged 18 years, working in the Independent Com- pany's shaft, fell from a plat 40ft. from the bottom, and was severely bruised about the back part of the head. 