ROMA. (PROM A CORRESPONDENT.) July 23. Tub flooded state of tho country, and the almost impassable state of tho roads, led many to believe that no District Court would be held hore during this week, but much to our surprise on Wodtiesday afternoon, the Judge nnd Crown Prosecutor (with their usual punctuality) made their appearance. Both thoso gentlemen carno by tho coach, tho Judgo having been obliged to leuvo his vehicle und'horses at tho Condamine, as ho cousidered it unsafe to risk crossing tho flooded creeks on his usual route via Dulacca. Tho conch left tho Condamine on Monday, tho passengers expecting to reach tho Yulobar Hotel that night, but in this they wore disap- pointed, us whon they roached within niuo miles of that pluco, it was found impossible to get any furthor that night, tho consequence was that all tho passengers, including the Judge, woro obliged to puss tho night sitting by a bush- fire. At break of day the coach proceeded on its journey, nnd although in ordinary weather it ought to havo reached beru that night, it got no further than Mr. Wienholt's station, where tho paaBongors (not tho coach) arrived at 0 o'clock at night, having hud tho labor of walk- ing tho last two or threo ? milos over roads knoc-dcop in mud and water. The journey must havo hoon very arduous ono for tho Judgo and Crown Prosecu- tor ; (ho hitter suffering, us you uro no doubt nwttvo, from a broken arm. On Mr. Hely's arrival in this town, Dr. Moran wus in nttond anco upon him, and, having examined his arm, expressed his satisfaction ut tho way it hud boon sot in Condumino, and stated that con- sidering tho dospornto joumoy ho had just con- cluded, it was progreaaiug in n very satisfactory way. Tho Court sat on Thursday morning, but owing to the stuto of tho roads, there wus only ono prisoner in town for trial?a man out on bail, committed by tho bondi ot St. George I believo thorc oro two moro prisonors on their woy for trial from Condamine, and ono from tho bondi at St. Goorgo. I forwurd a report of tho businoss transacted by tho Court up to this dato. P.S.?Two prisoners havo just arrived from Toowoomba, and also one from Taroom. I un- derstand that there aro three charges agninst ono of tho number (Jnsper) so that tho criminul businoss is cortnin to occupy all to-day, and tho remainder ol' tho civil business will bc tuken on Monday. Tho dork of tho weather hus cortuinly got out of his latitude thia your, for ut this season it is a long time shine wu had weather so bitterly cold, and with torrents of rain ovury night. Tho wonder boro is that tho Judgo vontured to truvol under such circumstances. 