YESTERDAY'S SYDNEY NEWS. We jeceived the Sydney papers of yesterday (Monday) by rail, yesterday sfternoon. The additional telegraphic and insolvency in- telligence will be found elsewhere. The »hipping arrivals include H.M.S. Virago, from Melbourne, and the usual intercolonial and coasting vessels. A monster shark said to Be at least 20-feet long Tfas seen on Saturday off Dawes' Battery. The first and second class yacht races of tee P. A. Yacht Club were run on Saturday after- noon. The first class race was won by Pomona, and the second cWs race by Torment. Messrs. Hamburgher, Brothers, have received their appointment as agents in Sydney for the Suez Canal Company. Mr. N. H. Eagar addressed the electors of West Sydney, as a candidate, on Saturday night. A. telegram in the Melbourne Dailg Telegraph reports that aman named Studman, suspecting the fidelity of his wife, brought her face to face with a man named Williams, whom he suspected to be her paramour. A struggle en- sued, in the course of which the wife was shot dead, although it is supposed the shot was meant for Williams. Studman has been arrested. ACCIDENT.-About one o'clock on last Satur- day afternoon, a fisherman named Peate, resid- ing at Balmain, was walging across a vaoant piece of ground at the foot of Market street-which was covered with blue _metal -when he stepped on a stone, which, slip- ping beneath him, caused him to fall to the ground with considerable violence, his legs doubling under him. He was conveyed to the Infirmary by Constable Butler, examined by the medical officer, and admitted. It was found that his thigh hone had been broken near the hip.-Herald. Respecting the report of a vessel being on fire off Cape Otway, the following information has been received from the Underwriters' Associa- tion, "Melbourne :-" In reference to the ship on fire reported last night (22nd instant), the Cap- tain of the Tower Hill says be only saw a reflec- tion in the sky as of a fire. He thought at first it was a bush fire on King's Island ; but calcu- lating the position, he saw that this would be impossible.. It must have beena ship. The captain of the Ann says that he distinctly saw at 8 o'clock on Monday night, a large blaze like a burning ship. He was then close to Moonlight Head The burning ship was apparently dis- tant about fourteen miles S. by E. Both captains agree about the position and the time of the fire. The wind did not favour an approach to the burning ship. The captain of the ship Orwell, just arrived, says that he was in the same position as described by the captains of the vessels, in 'Warrnambool, at the same time, and he aays that it was a large bush-fire on King's Island." STRANGE ACCIDENT.-About half-past ten o'clock on Friday evening last, a young man, named William Leonard, was brought to the Christ'Church police station, from Ashfield, by some acquaintances, and from thence he was conveyed to the Infirmary by constable Bourke It appears that, on the afternoon of the day in question, he had been engaged with other young men in jumping, opposite Drake's Hotel, Ashfield, and that, while in the act of making a spring to clear a handkerchief held extended,he dislocated both his ankles -Herald. The Herald says of the weather in Sydney : At nine o'clock on Saturday morning, the storm signals were hoisted at Fort Philip, cautioning ships that a strong southerly gale was blowing on the coast. The Government steamer at once got up steam, and during the forenoon proceeded to the Heads, to be in readiness should any vessel heave in eight. The gale continued to increase during the day, and on that night blew very heavy, in violent rain squalls. There wa, no indication of any change until yesterday evening, when it lulled considerably; and as the night advanced the weather showed signs of having broken; a very high sea was running on the coast. At midnight, however, the weather again thickened, and heavy squalls of rain passed over the city The barometer, which during the day had risen to 30, fell 2-10ths ; and the wind, which had veered to S.W., shifted back to S.-an indication that the force of the gale had not been exhausted. It is remarked that simultaneously with the movement in Sydney in the matter, attention has been called iu Victoria to light sentences, and to the inadequacy in some instances between the punishment imposed and the heinousness of the crime. 