IDOMMERCIAL. GOULBURIN, Tuesday evening. SEVERAL loads of wheat of the now crop have been sold at the mills during the week at 4s. 6d. per bushel. The crop is generally turning out very well, though here and there rust has somewhat iojured it. WHeAT AND FLOUR.-At Emanuel's Mill:-Finn flour, £14 per ton cash, credit £15; seconds, £13 cash, credit £14; if less than half ton, Is. per 100 lb. extra. Bran, £5 per ton, or is. 3d. per busheol. Pollard, £5 10s. per ton, or Is. 4d. per bushel. Wheat, no quotation. WAGGA WAGGA, Friday. Since our last report the district has been favoured with several heavy but partial thunderstorms. On the Upper Murrumbidgee and Upper Murray, along the mountains, and in somo parts of the Levels coun try, the rainfall has been very heavy, and the dams and waterholes have been filled to overflowing. The grass has been freshened up wonderfully, and the country generally, away from the frontages and the main lines of road, looks magnificent. Locally, business has boon dull, and the movements of stook have been unimportant. Ir. Hlolloway's 600 head of stores for the Lodden, Victoria, are about Narran dera. Fat cattle are not easily disposed of at the extreme rates demanded by vendors, aud transactions have, in consequence, been extremely limited. Some lots, for which fair rates have beon offered have been sent in with the proba bility, after the inaurrenco of much additional expenses, of meeting with no better market even then. Fat sheep are almost unsaleable, excepting in a very limited way, for local consumption. Store cattle are briskly inquired for; for reallygood lots high rates can be obtained. Buyers will have quality, and do not care about operating with inferior lots but at very low rates. In store sheep, the demand is chiefly limited to 6 and 8-tooth wothere and mixed hoggets, and for these there were many inquiries. From Coolah the following passings are reported:-5000 stud sheep belonging to Mr. Busby, for Queensland; 1500 fat wedders, lMessrs. Glass and Corrigan, for Maitland.-Expross. DUBBO, Thursday. On Monday last the weather, which during the few days previously had bean close and warm, changed, and late in the afternoon a heavy rain sot in, which poured down for several hours. On Tuos day the sky ones more wore a clear look, and since then we have had a succession of fine genial days. The rain, of course, did good, freshonitig the grass, and giving a still further impetus to the growth of the already tall grass. Around Dubbo things pas toral are in a most promising state. Sheep and cattle are in splendid condition ; and, in a word, the season could not be more. suited to the squatter's wants and wishes. On the Macquarie (the middle and lower river) the grass is plentiful, and the water on the frontages abundant. On somrne back blocks the hot winds of two or three weeks ago played sad havoc with the dams and lagoons; but the downpour of Monday,. which we learn was pretty general, will replenish the water-conservators. On the Wam morawa and Mole, stock are rolling fat; grass foot high, and water in any quantity. From thaDarling the accounts continue excellent. Theriver although below navigation level, contains water sufficient for the wants of the frontages. On the Warrego, upper and lower, matters pastoral are in a very cheerful state, and station- owners are jubilant over their prospects. On the Bogan last week there wore hot winds, with plenty of dust. Matters, however, on that river are looking very well, and complaints are few and far between. The travelling sheep are no longer a nuisance to the frontage-holder. The danger of fires takiing place through the carelessness of dealers and others is apprehended. A bush-fire just now on the plains country would be no pleasant tihing, for the grass is so long and dry that if once ignited there is no calculation whero it would stop, or how much injury on property it would inflict. The station-market latterly has displayed increasing signs of vitality. The late favourable news from England respecting the rise in the wool-market and the increased demand for Australian preserved meat, have caused inquiries for shoeep-stations. That class of property is now firmer than it has boon for some time, and sales could be readily effeotod at prices. asked a few weeooks back; but vendors taking courage also by thb good accounts have either withdrawn their properties or added considerably to the reserve. Cattle runs especially, if well situated and stooked with known herds, command much attention; but the prices demanded are to purchasers so unreasonable that it is impos sible to conclude any transactions. Messrs. Ettershank, Eaglestone, and Co. report the sale of Newton Boyd Station, in the Clarence River district (without stock, but with right of brand after let Marchl next), for the sum of £1100 cash—Mr. A. Rogers, of New England, purchaser. On Wednes day next, the 12th instant, two runs in those dis triots-Quilbono and West Bogan Nos. 2 and 3 will be offlerod for sale by Harrison and Jones, at Sydney. On Quilbono there are 5000 shoeep, and on the other property 1800 head of cattle. The runs are the property of Mr. J. Aarons, and well-known in these parts. In February Messrs. Obristie and Wentworth's Macquario and MIarthaguy propertien are to be sold by Messrs. Richardson and Wrenbh; and on the 3rd of the same month Kite's four blocks on the Began, with 3500 head of cattle, will be offered in Muolbourno by Powers, Rutherford, and Co. There is little alteration at the intercolonial and other marlkts in the prices of fait stock. The yards being glutted, as is usually the case at Christ mas time, the rates fell slightly; but in a week or two prices are bound to rise even higher than they were befaor the fall. The Dubho stock news is as follows:-On Wednesday 135 head fat cattle (Aaron's) from thie West Beogan passed on route for Sydney. Mr. R. G. Goodisson (for Powers, Rather ford, and Co.) has placed under offer 8000 store wothers, belonging to different owners; also a mob of mixed store cattle. lie has sold, on account of Messrs. Gardiner and PFezoer, a small lot of rams to Mr. Mc Gregor, of Morrigal. 2227 fat wethors (A. J. Sultor's) and 520 ditto (Acres') from the Darling, are on route to Bathurst. 6473 wethors (Messrs. Humphrey and Bulmoro's) from Queensland are coming along bound for Sydney or Melbourno. 1724 fat shoop (Cruilrshank's) have started for Syd noy. 1808 fat wotbers (Ohristie and Wentworth'e) have loft Haddon Riggs for Sydney. 5000 stud heoop (Busby's) have passed Coolah for Queensland. 1500 fat shoop are on routo from Glass and Corri gan's Barwin stations for IMaitland. The Bogen passings aro:--120 good fat cattle (Gilmoro's) for Bathurst; 120 good fatcattlo (Balfo's) for a southern market; 250 cattle (MIcPhillamy's) forl MIlbonrno -P., It., and Co. agents. 2300 store wothors (Hunt and Crawford's) for ?abindah.-Diapatch. 