Wtjgp WtyflBL " This is true liberty, when freoborn men, Having to advise tlie public, may speak free." MILTON. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1870. THE Budget debate still drags it alow length along. It has not been a very edifying discussion either in matter or manner, and we have religiously ab stained from inflicting any of its utter tediousness on our readers. We should have been glad if our space had allowed us to-day to make an exception in favour of SIR JAMES MARTIN*, because that gentleman's speech is itself an exception to the general run of com monplace oratory with which the Sydney papers for the last few weeks have been flooded ; and also because, on the two most important questions of the day, the Railway and the Land questions, his views are the views of the district. Moreover, in the not im probable event, as a result of this very debate, of a change of Ministry, ifc is as well that we should know something of what we may expect from the next Premier; and that, as regards at least two matters in which we are deeply interested, SIR JAMES MARTIN tells us. We are also told, indeed, that the fate of the Budget does not necessarily involve that of the Ministry; that if defeated on one tariff they will devise another, and so on ad infinitum, or until the happy mean is reached which will please all parties. It is inconceiv able, . however, that a Government already so weak as to depend for ex istence upon the support of one or two members, will be long able to survive so crushing a blow as a defeat on their financial policy. We have always understood that to restore to a sound footing the finances of the colony was the present Government's special mis sion. To fail in that is to fail in the one excuse for their existence, and the House is hardly likely to give another chance to a Ministry with nothing more to say for itself than that it is quite willing to " try again." It has not, however, come to this yet. The Government may carry their tariff and tide over the many dangers besetting them, at any rate until another Session. Or, more probably, perhaps, so Much dead weight may be thrown overboard in Committee, so many sacrifices may be made to the exigencies of the momentj that the storm may be weathered, and the cranky craft glide safe, if somewhat damaged, into the haven of recess. In that case SIR JAMES MARTIN will have to restrain his im patience, assured, however, of the sympathy of those who, tired of vulgar wrangling and stupid blundering from one grave political error to another and a worse, desire to see the real cause of all'the country's difficulties grappled with baldly, wisely, and ef fectually. A. CORRESPONDENT in another column points out a grave danger, to which immediate attention should be paid. He states that the road-party engaged in clearing the new line of road between "Wagga and Urana are in the habit of setting fire to the trees cut down and of leaving them burning. The grass in that part of the district, and indeed everywhere, is unusually long this Reason, in many places up to the girths of a horse. It is rapidly becoming dry, and the consequence of this reckless conduct of the road parties if not at once put a stop to, must inevitably be such a conflagration and general destruction of property as the district has never before ex perienced. By the last mail frightful accounts were received of the forest fires in Canada, by which hundreds of miles of country were laid waste, farms and villages destroyed, and even the capital, Ottawa, endangered. If we desire a similar catastrophe here, we seem in a fair way not to bo disap pointed. It would be pleasant to have to turn out some fine morning to save, or try to save, Wagga from the fate of Sodom; or possibly to find ourselves hemmed, in with a " circle of fire " even hotter than the horrors of Sedan. To be captured alive in a rat-hole, like the gallant French army, was a cruel enough fate; but to be roasted to dea^li in one would be even harder lines, especially when it is considered that in any case, with or without bush fires, we are likely to be quite warm euough. We are not alarmists; but | it really does seem as if our position ! just now were anything but a safe one. On the one band:we are told that we have only to wait till the snow begins to melt to be booked-for a swift pas sage to the soa ; on the other, that there will probably be nothing left for tho flood to carry off bat our ashes. There is certainly the one comfort left, that we cannot very well be burned and drowned at once ; but this is not much to people who probably object to either fate. At any rate, no time should be lost in looking after the road-parties, and putting a stop to their dangerous practice of saving trouble at our very imminent risk. 