ANNUAL REPORT OF THE ENGINEER OV SlOADB, NOBTBERBT js>vmu>v, ' FOB THE TEAS ENDING DECEMBER 31, 1869. To Tan HosotraiBLB ÏHÏ Moram Prono WOBKS. Sm,-Idomyselfthehonour,to!report oa the operations of my Department during the paît year.;: ; ....j, !'.,.,;. , It is to be observed that the oost of the worn herein returned may! irSfy slightly from that Stated in the official ? return made to the Segistrar-Gbneral. This is explained by the fact, that in one case 'it is computed by Using the price of the, labour, and .incidental. charges, adding twenty jjer cent; 'oil the fernter'-as «ort of proportion «of «rear and tear, of plant ,and supervision ; whilst in the latter,' it to supply arrived at by .taking the amount of vouchers charged to each vote,-the former xs held to be- the closer and fairer method of the two. > BooïHAMrToii brkrkic*. Lion Creek Bridge tros commenced in 1B6B, but was onJy.fiBiBkec] pt the .omnranemtnt of this, year. It ts a simple structure of more than ordinary etrongtl». Cost, £1660. \ V. \\\ Lion Creek Dam.-This work haring been injured by tho flood, and it being impossible at once to repair it, a.mach more extensive work became necessary, in order to ensure ¡ts safety and efficiency. Oost, £199 MS. 9d. ? Yaamba, ioad.-A' party liss been:kept at work during fire months of the year on the im- provement and maintenance of Ulis road, which is no*"in very good order. . Obit, £4SSltMA. Cawarral £oad.~1«o substantial VJuWerta have been made, one at the Black, and another at England's Gully. TOeitrampnèarÈngland'î paddock has been drained, and a portion corded. Some slight improvement has also been made at tho township. Total cost, £445 8a, 8d. Gracemere'Road.-Gracemere 'Craik'Bridge has been repaired, and some slight improvements made io its vicinity. Total cost, £7113s, 4d. Bouldercombe Road.-The culvert at the cross- ing of the Duck Ponds, having become ¡Mrjassabki during the rainB, hts been put in thbrbUffh te pair. Cost, £16317s. . ,, ? . . JloteiDood Hoad*-Whilst some improvements were being made on thiB road i^wae fount} that a deviation might be made which would avoid a steep ascent, but the expenditure is not at pre £97 lie. ' " r ? ' 1 Westwood .lo Gainsford.-Repairs have been ' made to the causeway at the "railway ' términos, '¿M Westwood, costing ¿97 10s. j and a causeway-^ made approaching the punt at Gainsford, with other improvements, costing £173 16s. 4d.f making a total expenditure of £2716s 4d. Gainsford Io Sari^»m.í^£ha portion of, v toad between Sharpers Creek and Bone Creek bas been; cleared ù a width of. Half . obtfn. ' A culvert has been made in the Bone Creek Scrub, and another^omtteuigedj buttto gmd beooming exhausted, it waa left incomplete, and the par tv &oadt;çtiàd (i», Ólprtnútf-Bapairi ¡have, bien made to the causeway sear Cotherstdi Station, costing £40'6s,y and a well, protidea with drintíng troughs, sunk at attelé nine talles from tbowe, costinfe £706«. sVL .Culverts cvwr the Awo ttdil creeke appaosahiag Ott vriuuf at ^St. Lawrence tam bern made, tad. * third. nearer tbs town. The main road to (lie wharf ' bu been regularly formed in front of tho pilota' residences, the total east amounting to £240 18s. 6d.j and total expenditure on road to £351 4t. lOd. Yaamba, ami Alligator Creek Ferries.-Theeo ferrie« hare been loaned for one year from Sep- tember lott, for the nominal rental of three pounds each, tho lessees providing the punts, Ébeing siihjoct to* tba Ferry ftcjiulafions, Sha/onf Pttut.-Thia ferry is etill in tho ls' of tile Department. Tho cost of its itonancc, including punt-keeper's wugos, amount« to £165 lia. gd. Thc rrcoipts for the toll dunne the roar amount to £361. lGs. lad. JUaekonzie Boat Ferry.-A forry boat 1ms been established at tho crossing of the Mackenzie, on the Clermont road, and a suitable scale of charges proclaimed. Tho river remains so short a Hmo annually so much flooded ai to make tho ford impassable, that tho probable. ¿receipts are.. very . small, and would'not pay tho wages of ? a permanently appointed ferryman f for the > same . reason great difficulty has been met in inducing any- one to take, a"|sase,.-. itt was lot to a party ïfsidont .on ,tho "spot, at a nominal rental of lone poupd per annum,, but in oonseqiienco of 3ehiy'in,proclamation .of ' the charges, he has decUned ,tp undertake it, A house has been ereotcd.forthe proUçiipnof the boat, with a partition'for, the keeper,'and .approaches have been casdo./or;, landings. ' . Expenditure, £125 16s.fla,,, .i",;',, ' ' Carnie .i?«aje.-The. repair of »tho southern r^nlj.pf^hUj range .hoe, boon oo'mplotcd by cpntrapLa.t8.epst.of £108. . . Oliditpne.fb .Calliope Jtaiyc.-Slight repairs have been carried out on this rood jthd on tho range itself, yhicb etill continúes tone periodi- cally damaged by the practico of drawing logs after itbe drays, i It : was proposed to place a toll onitj 4>st tho slight (raffle does not warrant the onHay.' uBipendituro, £77 12s. Od. Springmre io Gainsford.-Tho section over Taurus Oap bee (been repaired nod maintained, at«oot*)ofjBlÄ61pi. . .'_/.--;, Sjjrbtonre to the -Barcoo.-Tho works on ' thia road 'baVe been confined io the completion of Tandjlte Creek Bridge, cost £565 c of «¿rub catting, and eome*Iight improvements between VandykeiCreek and tho Barcoo Bange, at a cost of £163 > 18s. t making a .total expenditure of £728,18»,,.-::' Warrego Boed.-Tho.,bridge at Bollcston has been put in repair, a great delay in obtain- ing tejte, re^u^^eawntU^^ the work much, snore. expansivo than was estimated, or tban.it oouJfMnve been done for under ordinary circ^s^Miae/, Cost, £187 ls. Gd. Tho Carnarron'Bonge bas been put _in repair,' and' tho nptiqn .thence to the bridge otherwise tXttWg^^.i'tpiiíflt 'OÜ/Uií" A portion of B^b läs also hebn cleared' near 'tho bridge, atejjoft pï 'jEÏS'Ssi 'èdi's' making a total ex :p«nouture''o'tf£ibO'Ss.'3d. ' Boah aboii'Cletitiont.-The rodds branching j ffOnji'-MabRonald'* Plat to Copperfield and: I öennbht-hove been-defined and cleared to a j wjdrh Vrf half "a «hain,, the'ono by tho road i norland-the other by contract. Cost (returns joMtnplete). " ?? Wattf Sippíg.-h. reservoir and dam 'have baan mode st Sweeney's Chilly, near OopperSeld, wh¡Bh,att estimated to supply five hundred people'"Vrirh ' ten gallon» of Water. .per dsyíor eeaflyeii months. Thé 'principle ob- served in tba formation of the reservoir has boen to male the surface area-atremall as possible, in orderio; prevent Bice»si«» evaporation ; and as tho.natuíe pf tbs soil allows of drainage under , ground, it if -probable that (the supply will be '.much, more lasting'than if a larger extent of watsrhad been dammed up. Cost, £68114s Sd. A reserroir has'been completed on the Mackay . road at Apsley Oréele, fire miles from Clermont. It is a sîmplo excavation, with no attempt et ' damming further than placing the excavated earth'dowñ Btream,' not sufficient funds being availablefor making a regular dam. Coat, £87 2a.%3. Contraote have been given ont for tink lng we^ls at Myall Creek and Wolfang Peak, on tlietafelnç road, and at Mount Oscar, on the Broadsound road. A reservoir hos also boen «ommenoedót Bótro Crook, eighteen miles from .Clermont,but has been delayed by the raine. Every effort was made to got reservoirs mode at convenient stages on the road from Clermont to Eockhampton beforp tho rainy soaBon, but tho difficulty of getting reliable contractors to under tske-the work lias made it impossible. In two ' thstanoes contractors havo faded to undertake the'work after it-hod been let to them. .ir,i<< KENHBDIT DlBTBICr. (Roads about Mackay.-A calvert has bean iorroed over Baker's Orcok, at a coat of £172 lQs.t and tte road thence into Mackay bag been implored .elong .it» worst parts, at a cost of £25? 16s.''3d. j making a total expenditure of Roads' about Bowen.-A small parry has been «mpïoyod.iti the vicinity of Bowen, and from thence as far as the Leichhardt Bange. The wprks attended, to aro:-- ? . ¡Tidal creek near Bowen .£256 14 S Boad «o Adelaide Point..? ... 4 10 0 Bowen to Leichhardt Bango. 140 16 ll Total expenditure '.£402 1 4 Hoads about Townsville.-Exclusive of the wpsärs .of "Thornton's Oap, works have been carried out between that place end the Cape end 'Gilbert Diggings' on the road ««2 Dal- rymple, and On . new line marked by the district officer.,v.!' .,. . _ ni Expeuditure on the old line. £64 12 9 S^wSiku-e«n1JM new Uno ,., 86 15 2 £151 711 Soadt ahout Cardwell.-The works nave been oonfined to the repair and improvement bf the road Ito tod et Sea .Kew Range. An important deviation has been made, avoiding a very bad portion." Cost, £300. The total expenditure amounts to (returnsincomplete). .Thornton's Gan.-Tiie annual repairs have been made on this range at a east of £263 Bs. 3d. I toU-teeper'e vages, £¿09 10s.; total ^Bnllttrre, £37218s. Sd. The receipts of thc toll-gate for tile year amount to £166 18s. lld. ? JSpauctr't Oap.-Tho. annual repair«, have cost £61 16s. 7d. ; toll-keeper's wagoe, £10930*. i total expenditure, £1716s. 7d. The total receipts of the toll for the year amodnt to £105 Ss. ed.: It will thus bc seen that the receipts but little .more' than, pay the, wages of the toll keeper. A Jiouee for the toll-keeper at Thorn- ton?! .Oap is jnuoh required, but the neeossary outlay has been postponed until tile présent yeár. . ,A culvert has been burnt by a bush-fire an the range,-tho loss .would probably not hsVo occurred had the toll-keeper been able to absent himself from the gate m order to burn tba grass at the proper season. Survey of Main Booie.-Surreys have been made'in' the Jtoekhampton District from Baffle Creek to Rawbelle, Sevastopol to Bailey's OreefcyDiggings, and connecting Cawarral with surveyed lands. The survey from Baffle Creek bas likewise been 'permanently marked as a road for «took. In. the Springsure District-From Betro Creek, past langton Downs, to McDonald's * Flat}:from iMacDonald's Flat to Clermont; . . Jwm MacDonald's Flat to Copperfield ; from BÇ9nn«sl to Cotherstone, Broad Bound Boad ; W frtlfc Clermont to Logan Downs, Mackay road ; frorn Clertnont to Springs ; from Orion Bowna . ' to Carnarvon Bange ; and other small detached .arreys in. the neighbourhood of Clermont, Copperfield, and Springsure. Beetions' of all these roads hare been perma- nently, .marked, and will be submitted for pro dsrnstipn as main roads so soon as the neces , «arr plans can be completed in tbs office. : io the kennedy District a new road has been marVefl between TBomtorfs Oap and Stockyard wises, making a earing of forty miles on the -iaadJ«._tl)f Gilbert Diggings, and another from Gs* Park Station to Gil borton, which makes a ,*HW^ eighteen miles. .TTAe'question having again arisen«« to the ^ existence' of a superior line of road from Card ? well to Gilberton, to the north of Sea View Bange, tlio district officer, accomponiod by ono of ilie projectors, has made a careful exploration of tlio lino proposed, by «Idell it bas been proved that a direct line cannot be obtained, and that thc only possible routo would bo much longer than that at presont in use, and would east from £2,000 to £3,000 to niako-a con- sideration which must set thc question' dt rest. All the surreys liavo been carried out at n Tory low nverngo cost, the feature surreys being mado chiefly hy assistants. I may instance that tho Bailie Crcok road, through au exccodinply difficult country, was explored, surrcyed, and marked, for 2Gs. 3|d. per mile. In every other respect, ulso, tho works of thc Department have boon carried out with verv strict economy. I haro, &e.;, FEED. BYEBLlîY, Engineer'of Hoads, Northern Division. 35th January, 1870. 