COMMERCIAL. GOULBURN, Friday evening. FLoUr has sustained a fall of £1 per ton at the City Mills, and is now quoted at £11 for cash for fine. Bran and pollard also have sustalhod a fall and are now quoted at ld. per bushel. We have received a circular from the seorotary of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce asking us to pub lish a table showing the average prices of flour and grain of all kinds under the present and under the costal systems, and expressing a hope that the cental system may ho introduced into practico on the first of the now year. We shall publish the table in our next, and shall be glad to do anything we can to forward so important and boeneficial a reform. Messrs. Finlay and Co. report:-Fat eattle. Market barely supplied. We sold fifty-aoven head by auction during the week:--lt yard, 12 head bullocks, at £56 10s.; remainder taken by a whole sale purchaser at £4 Os. We also sold a small pan of seoven head plain cows at £3 Ils. The seller in this case, considering the condition, was highly satisfied with the result of the sale. Tharo are few really prime cattle offering, and anything ripe in quality and not too weighty will bring full market rates. We quote-best quality, at 18s.; and good to plain, at from 17e. to 16s. a hundred. Store oattle.-The demand is very active, and there are buyers in the market for any number of good store cattle. We submitted this week in all five hundred and sixty head, the greater portion of which were taken by auction; the remainder we are in treaty for privately. The following is the result by anuotion: 54 head three-year-old steers, at £3 8s.; 25 head ditto, at £3 7e.; 25 head ditto, £3 7e.; 67 heap 2-year old steers, at £2 15a. 6d.; 48 cows, rather low in condition and plain, at £2 12s.; 11 yearlings, £1 13s. 6d.; and 26 steors, very small, at £2 14s. Those were sold on account of Messears. Bad gory Brothers and Meeasre. . and A. Badgery. We have under private offer on account of those gentle men about five hundred end fifty head (550) ; also, oi account of Messrs. Byrnes and Co., Mossvale, 200 head approval next week. We quote bullocks, at from £4 4s. to £3 10s.; well-grown staers, at from £3 10s. to £3 6s. ; good cows, at £3 3s. ; mixed sexes and ages, at from £2 10s. to £2; and equal sexes at from £3 3s. to £3 7s. Gd. We can place any number privately, and particularly during the ensuing week. Fat hbeep.-A good open ing for a flock or two of prime. We have sold a small flock on account of Captain Reosi, at 6s. 8}d. We note the arrival of 4000 magnificent owes from Cobb and Co.'s elation for the Meat- Preseorving Com pany. These are said to be almost too fat for pre serving purposes, and the weight is estimated at from 66 Ibs. to GO tbs. We have never soon solargo a number of sheep together of so excellent a quality. We quote good heavy shorn wethere at 7s., and me dium to plain at from Gs. to 6s. Gd. Store eheep. The demand exceeds the supply. We have immeo diate sale for from 10,000 to 15,000 good wothore. We quote boat wothers at sa., and mixed sheep at from 3e. Gd. to 4s., owes at from 4s. to Ga. Horses. -No sales to report. Land.-We have many ex collent town properties to introduce early in the an suing year, together with two extensive pastoral properties and one or two freohold farms. eossrs. F. S. Cohen and Co. report.-Fat cattle. -There are few really good cattle coming forward. A draft of prime would sell well at quotations, viz., 16s. to 18s. per 100 lbs. The market here is very firm with every appearance of continuing so. Quo tatione-beet bullocks, £0 to £6 10s.; medium to . good, £5 to £5 16. ; cows, £4 se. to £5 se. Store cattle.-There ai still a good demand for this descrip-. tion of stock, of which we would advise holders to. take advantage. We have a small draft now being inspected, and will submit to publit competition, 200 head' good-conditioned cattle. We quote-all bul looks, 75e. to 86s.; equal sexes, 60s. to 70s.; cows, 665\. to G63.; 2 and 3-year olds, 50s. to 60s. Fat sheop.-No transactions to report. Prime weighty wothere are worth from GaO. Gd. to 80. according to weight and quality. Store shoop.-We sold a small lot of culls and lamn sheep by auction; but hare been requested to withold the price more especially as it would be not criterion of the market value of stores. Quotationa-good framed iotbors, 65. to Ga. Gd., according to size of frame, condition, and place of delivery. Meossre. Dawson and Co.'s Gloulburn report: Fat cattlo.-Tho cattle yarded this weak wore of good to medium quality; but owing to the trade do mand being limited they were sold to an outside buyer. We zegret very much to notice that with few exceptions stock coming from a distance aro sold at prices considerably under their value-an evil that can only be remadied by certain stated and no knowledged days for selling and out of one central yard. We are glad to learn that the corpora tion havo taken aution In the matter. We think this movement very important, oexisting regu lations prohibiting agents from giving in quotations that can be considered by producers as reliable. Fat sheep are firm at last week's quotations, and we do not anticipato any material change for some time. We have sold a small flock of owes, medium quality and shorn, at 6s. 6d. per head ; and passedon for sale in Sydney, 2000 woolled wothers. Store cattlo.-At thomonthly sale on the 20th, the bidding was not as brisk as antiiopated, and somo lots returned unsold. This we do not attribute to an actual decrease in the value of stock generally, but to the fact that the class of cattle offered failed to please the eye of the would- boe purchasers. Wo quote good bullocks, 3 to 6 years, at £4 to £4 ts.; mixed, 70s. to 75s. per head. Store sheep.-We note an increased demand for good wothoro, 4, 6, and 8-tooth, of which we can place 20,000 at from 5s. to 6s. Od.; for extra quality and frame for grazing purposes Gs. could be obtained. We have placed 10,000 under offer, and hope to be able in our next to report a satisfactory result. Horeso.-No good sorts offering, and weeds unsale able at any price. Stations.-Thoro are very few transactions completed, owing in a great measure to the extreme prices required. We have inquiries from some -desirous of investing in good fenced runs within reach of lMelbourno and Sydney markets. DENILIQUIN, December 10. The settlers all through the pastoral districts are getting their runs narrowly watched so as to avoid bush-fires if possible; hitherto they have boon pretty successful. We hear of one large fire in the back country between Conargo and the Murrumbidgeo River, in the rear of Messrs. Clark and MIe Leay's runs. We believe that the fire exhausted itself, as it was impobsiblo to got within a hundred and fifty yards of its border, 0o groat was the heat. No efforts should be loft unmade to prevent fire from taking hold of any run, no there is no knowing where the conflagration would end, so plentiful and so com bustible are the materials. At Doniliquin the weather is seasonable. The following are the cross ings:-December 0--Rudd' 280 fat cattle, Me Cul loob, Sollars, and Co.'s 3000 fat sheep; 10th-Fur long's 6000 fat shoeep; 11th--R. Patterson's 2000 do.; 13th-MoEvoy's 6000 do.; 15th-W?aller and Gorton's 1700 do. There is a flock of Mr. J. Tyson's prime fat sheep expected to cross on Saturday. There is still great demand for store stock of good descrip tion, which are fetching very high prices. Weo have had visite from Melbourno buyers, who are going northwards in search of fat and store cattle. Good store wethere would sell well at Doniliquin, and there are inquiries for maiden owes of fat quality. Pastoral Times. 