NOTES AND NE\VS. A concert and ball will be given at the Town-hall, Hlawthorn, next Friday week, in aid of the choir of the Hawthorn Roman Catholic Church. The arrangements are en trusted to efllcibilt hands, and the entertain mont being under iniluontial patronage, it will doubtless be most successful. Another sham Power has turned up in the person of Mr. William Ponder, of " Pender's Grove," near Melbourne, who, it would ap- I pear, from the records of the Melbourne courts, is bound after a certain term to make an appearauce before one or other of them. This irrepressible individual found himself during the very early hours of Sunday morn inug last, viz. about 2 or 3 o'clock,in Gertrude. street, where be met a constable, of whom he asked " if anything was up." At this time a party of three persons were passing, as also Mr. George Browne, architect, of Melbourne, and Mr. Pendcers air and manner attracted them, espooially as he was carrying a picture roes|ootin i-whlloli !tMrlrawno mnado conso.ro mark. Mr. Ponder said," Do you know who I am ? I am Power." The constable replied that Power was in gaol; but Mr. Ponder per sisted in his hallucination, and said it did not matter an expletive, for if he was not Power he was Power's brother. lie thereupon pro duced a revolver, -which lie presented at Mr. Browne, and which turned out to be capped and lor;ded, and said something to the effect that lie was ready to put a bullet through anyone who interfered with him. Quick as thought.the constable dashed down Mr. Po-en. der's arm, wrenched thie weapon from him, forthwith arrested him and hauled him off to the watchhouse. On Monday morning the matter came before the Fitzroy Police Court, whore the Hon. G. Hlarkor and Mr. Falconer presided as magistrates. Mr. Peonder's well known character stood him for once in good stead. llis b'diaviour was set down as a drunken frealk', for which his confinement was held to be sufllicient punishment, so he was discharged with a caution. Some time sineoo we announced that a coal seam was on fire in the neighbourhood of Cape Patterson. We are now informed on what appears to be good authority, that the scene of the fire is between the Bass River and Cape Patterson, and that the existence of the scam at that point was not known un til four or five mouths ago, whoen the deso lating bush-fires then prevalent ignited it. It is now supposed to be a continuation of the one discovered by Mr. Carew, and more than 2ft. thick. Those who are still interested in these coal-fields maintain that the ignition of this coal seanm is only another proof that when the Government Geological departmenlt alleged thattthey know every seam between the Bass and the Tarwiu they wore somewhat mistaken, and that those mistakes may fur. ther go the length of a totally wrong idea of the coal formations in that neighbourhood. Mention has been made in Parliament of the " ornamental" duties performed by the infantry in garrison hero, which it is sup posed by some must, in the absence of the regular military, be performled by the local force. It is not generally known what they are, oxcept that they consist in the main of mnoutingguard. At present there is a sentry at Toorak, three seontries at the barracks, anld one sentry at the powder magazine. When the 2-11 were here, guard had to be mounted at the goIls as; well, but the superior conduct of the 2-18tl m'nm renders this duty unuio. cessary. 1FuAlier, one if not two senmtries will havoe to mount guard at the imint, and if we have a local force, one will probably be stationed lit the Treasury. It imast be borne in mind that each sentry represeouts six or nine men, according to the frequency of re lief. whether the "local force" which is prospectively present in the minds of so many will undertake all these duties is doubtful. The real work to be done in regular artillery duty-such as mounting and taking care of the guns, and keeping the stores in order. There is no expectation that the crumbling away of the batteries already erected will cause extra work in a locality where the sup ply of lanl and and navvy labour is comparatively unlimited. The idea most in vogue among the local military authorities seem to be, so far as the thing can be ascertained, in favour of a small force, which shall act in time of need as leaven to a full force of 1,200 artillery. men. It is held to be a consideration that the Cerberus may go on a sandbank while in action, when the full power of artillery on shore will be needed, albeit, the 1,200 men backed in case of a rush from boats by a sufficiently large foree of rillemen, are reclkoned as suflicient. 