BERRIMA (From our correspondent.) POLICE COURT.-February 22nd.-Matthew Wil- liams, Patrick Mc Crea, and James Jones, for tres- passing on the enclosed lands of Bartholomew Rush, near Bargo, were each fined £1 with 4s. 6d. costs. Half the fine was given to the complainant, he being the informant in the case. Robert Potter, for being drunk and using obscene language in a public place, was fined 10s. or forty- eight hours in jail. The fine was paid. The same prisoner and George Taylor were next day locked up at Sutton Forest, charged with being drunk and disorderly. Fined 10s. each. February 20th.-Elias Connell Laycock and Ed- ward Falkner were charged with driving a mob of horses without having drovers' certificates signed by two magistrates. The horses belonged to Mr. Styles of Bega, and defendants were driving them to Syd- ney for sale. Fined 40s. each. Dissolving Viows.--A series of views were exhi- bited by Mr. H. Orlando Jones, at the public school- room, on the 23rd and 24th instant. Mr. Jones illustrated the chief astronomical phenomena, such as the movements of the earth and other planets, cause of tides, eclipses, &c.;, in a clear and able manner. Robbery.-Mr. J. Harper, the landlord of the Surveyor General Inn, had his bedroom entered one night lately while he and his wife were asleep, and the sum of £13 was abstracted from a drawer. It is remarkable that neither Mr. nor Mrs. Harper were awakened by the thief, as the key of the drawer had to be taken from the pocket of Mrs. Harper's dress, which was on a chair near the bed in which they were sleeping. No trace of any one could be disco- vered; and it is surmised that the perpetrator must have been some one intimately acquainted with the house and the habits of the family. The Weather.-For some time back the heat has been excessive; but on Friday night rain set in hea- vily with thunder and lightning. Since then the weather has a wintry aspect. Sleet fell on Sunday morning. The settlers about were fearing that the dry weather would cause bush-fires; but the change has allayed their fears. Sickness.-Many children are suffering from the whooping- cough. Wesleyan.--The Rev. Mr. Maddern, who has been stationed in this district for the last twelve months, will preach his farewell sermon to the people of Ber- rima on Sunday next, previous to his departure for Bathurst. Registrar.-Mr. Alfred J. Powell has been ap- pointed registrar of births, deaths, marriages, &c.;, for this district. Races.-The following are the entrances for the Berrima annual races, March 17th and 18th, 1870: -Bendooly Stakes-Whalebone, Laura, Sunbeam, Kate, and Crab. Members' Gift-A piece of plate, value £50-Whalebone, Romeo, Sprite, Jamaica, Woodman, the Lawyer, Crab, Pigeon, and Maybell. Town Plate-Not filled. To be left open until gen- eral entry, 10th March. February 28th. 