NEWS AND NOTES Through, the courtesy of the hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey we have been supplied with a proof copy of the " .Regulations framed under the Land Act, ltSGD." The regulations drafted have not yet been submitted for consideration by the Cabinet, but as it is improbable that they will be subjected to material alteration, and the information they contain is anxiously looked for by the public, wo have deemed it our duty at once to publish them in another portion of this issue. The various schedules referred to in the regulations, we withhold for the present. What on Sunday appeared to be several bush-fires raging in the Bullarook Forest quarter, was really at tributable to the burning of timber at Dean and Wattle Plat by the men engaged in the formation of the Daylesford road. A fatal accident occurred on Friday evening at the Xo. 1 shaft of the Winter's Freehold Company, through a jump-up breaking in. Two miners named John Paap and Francis Sullivan were working 111 the afternoon shift on Friday at tl)e tfo. 2 jump-up, which was about twenty feet UigUi Sullivan relieved Paap at si.f jun., Paap tolling him at the time that the jump-up was " shaky" and unsafe, as he had seen water ooy.iug from the joints of the reef. ' Sullivan be gan to make room for some head boards and stuck his pick into the wash. As soon. as lie had done so ho sung out to Paap, who was in the drive below, "I'm a done man." Paap told him to jump down, but Sullivan answered that he could not, and in an instant the jump-up burst and was filled. Sullivan fell to the bottom, and was of course completely covered. The falling in of the jump-up extinguished the candles, and Paap immediately ran down the drive as fast us lie could in the dark and gave infor mation to a miner named M'Lieau who was trucking about 400 or 500 yards down the drive. They bore the news of the accident to Sir Andrew Martin, the mining manager, who directly set a lot of men to work to try and get poor Sullivan out. 1'aap had previously tried, but had to desist, as he soon got up to his breast in water and mullock. After an hour's hard work, Sullivan was found quite dead, lying on hi3 right side with liis body doubled up. A lot of heayv wash and boulders were over him. The body was taken to the surface and removed to Ward's hotel, and a painful curiosity was excited in the neighborhood by the flag at the claim being hoisted half-mast high. Dr Clendiuning held an inquest on the body oil Saturday, when tiie cause of death was ascertained to have been sufib cation. There were several witnesses examined, and. the evidence went to show tl>at if the head boards had been fixed the accident could not have happened. The boards were, however, lying ready for use at the bottom of the jump-up, and the mining manager had ordered that they should be used directly it appeared necessary. The manager did not see the jump-up duriug the afternoon shift, but he inspected it at noon the same day, when the men said the reef was very hard. He gave orders to the carpenter tu have the sole-pieces and Head-boards ready, and the order had been attended to when the accident happened. The deceased, who was a single man, was buried yes terday. The following incident may throw some light on the mysterious origin of many fires, and also act as a warning as to the careless manner in which wax matches are left about in houses. Our local corres pondent writes:—" A short time since, the chimney of a house on the Talbot road, Cluijes, was blown down and the men, while clearing away the rubbish, dis covered the nest of a mouse between the wooden mantelpiece wild the brickwork. The nest, \ylrich was tolerably large, was composed entirely of what had once been wax matches, the wax all eaten oft' and the cotton nicely teased out, so as to render it as soft as possible. The phosphorus at the end of each had, however, been carefully avoided and left, and the nest thus composed formed as dangerous a train for the destruction of the premises as the most practised incendiary could possibly have laid. This appears the more certain because as any lire in the chimney which would have heated the mantelpiece to a considerable extent would have caused the combustion of the heads of the matches lying in contact with it, and consequently tlie ignition o£ the surrounding cotton and other inflammable materials." The usual working men's meeting was held in the Alfred Hall assembly room on Saturday night. Mr J. James occupied the chair, and a very pleasant evening was passed by a numerous rudienee. The Journeymen Bakers' Society held a meeting at the John o'Ciroat hotel, Slain road, on Saturday night, but no business of public interest v.'as trans acted. Mr Lard well, photographer, Sturfc street, is now gettjig up a second Art Union, the prizes to be drawn for iiy 500 members at £1 each. There are 100 prizes, the highest valued at £75 and the lowest at £1. We refer our readers to Mr Bardwell's art stiulio and to our advertising columns for informa tion as to the prizes. Judging by the satisfactory manner in which the first art union got up by Mr Bard well was carried tlirough, this ought to be a success. The local land board, presided over by Mr Skene, Surveyor-General, will sit to-day at ten o'clock at the Laud office, Lydiard street, to hear fresh applications, applications for transfer, and applications for for feited blocks, tinder the |2nd clause. A local board will sit at Smythesdale on Tuesday, and at Cluncs on Wednesday. Referring to Mr Aspinall and Mr M'Lellan, the Mel bourne correspondent o£ tile M. A. Mail writes:—"It is not intended, I believe, that either of the liewh' appointecl Ministers shall have a walk-over at the (ipproacliing elections, if a suitable candidate can in each case be found to come forward in opposition. I hear that overtures have been made to Mr Balfour, from St. Kilda; that gentleman has declined to engage in the contest, on the ground of ill-health. Mr Michie has also declined to enter the lists. Negotiations have, howeyer, been opened with a third politician of some standing, but without success." Friday's Government Gazette contains the register of medical practitioners in Victoria for 1S70. A supplement to the Victorian Government Gazette issued on Saturday announces that his Excellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint Graham lierry, Esq., M.L.A., to be a member of the Executive Council, and that he has taken the necessary oaths, and his seat at the council table accordingly. The Governor Having accepted the resignation by the Hon. Robert Byrne, now holding the office of Treasurer, his Excellency has been pleased to appoint the Honor able Graham Berry, M.L.A., to be the Treasurer, vice the Honorable Kobert Byrne, resigned. The Speaker announces bis intention, on Tuesday next, to issue a writ- for the election of a member to. serve in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria for the Electoral District of Geelong West, in the place of Graham Berry Esq., whose seat has become vacant by his ac ceptance of an office of profit under the Crown. A meeting of the Grenville District Turf Club was held at Ward's Grenville Tart Club hotel, Denvent Jacks, on 10th January. It was decided that the races be held on 17th and ISth March. Mr A. A. Mayou was electcd hon. secretary, and a deputation was appointed to wait on the land commission, with the view of protecting the land granted for recreation purposes at Derwent Jacks, it being understood that a portion of the land had been applied for under the 42nd section of the Amending Land Act. A meeting of the members of the club is to be held this week, for the purpose of putting the affairs of the club in train for the forthcoming races. The brass band of the 3rd B. V. Hangers played a selection of sacred music at the Botanical Gardens on Sunday, but owing to the very great beat of the weather the attendance was not quite so large as we have seen it. Mi' Christopher ii.ufey has just had built two story premises in Start street, on the site occupied by Mr Chamberlin, chemist. The materials are brick cemented, the elevation being plain, and in general harmony with the adjoining buildings attached to Lester's Hotel. Mr Chamberlin will occi^iy the ground floor as heretofore, and the upper floor will be opened by Mr Bardwell, photographer, as an art gallery. The Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to appoint S. H. Bindon, Esq., judge of County Courts at Sale, &e.;, to be also judge of the County Court appointed to be held at Omco. A large number of bales of wool were raised from the wreck o: the Lightning on Friday, says the Gcc Ioh'J Advertiser. It is found that as the divers go deeper the more legible are the brands. Thus a good many bales |\vere identified on Friday and sent down to the establishments of the contracting woolwashers. On Friday a few bags of copper ore in good condition were sent up; but it is not the intention of I'.Ies-rs Donaldson ' and Co. to touch the copper until ail the wool has been sent up. It is impossible to tell how much wool remains on board, but the divers say there must In' a great deal more, as although they cannot discern the bale's, the hold being too dark, they can see and feel that there is a large mass still before theiu. If this be the case the old Lightning was not so much burned as was at first imagined. The new building operations at the hospital have progressed well, and the tall tower of the central por tion of the complete design is now up and the root read}' for slating. The tower is a prominent object from all parts of the town nearly, its elevation upon the highest level of the plateau giving it a command over all the Western borough, as well as the borough of Sebastopol. The preparation of the new wards is also well forward. The tower is pierccd for a clock, and 110 better place hardly could be had for a large illuminated dial. It would tell the time to a vast host, overlooking as it would so large on area on all sides. The idea of the tower and clock is due to Mr Vice-president O'Meara, as also the completion of this portion of the ultimate design, before the removal of the tower scatlbldiug. An inquest was held at Collar's hotel, Cambrian Hill, on 21st January, by Dr Brown, coroner, on the body of Jeremiah Slattery, who was killed in the Scottish and Cornish Company's claim, on the evening of the previous day, through the drive falling in and suffocating him. The evidence was very brief, as only one miner could givo any evidence of any im portance; and, together with his and the doctor's evi dence, tho jury returned a verdict of death from suli'o cation from the drive having accidentally fallen on him. Another miner, named O'Brian, was injured at ths same time. Tho prizes won by Messrs Gibson and Holmes in tho "Art Union of London," 1809, arc now on view at Messrs Eyres Bros., the Bidlarat agents. The two pictures appear to be very good. There is also a fuc simile of the Nelson column in bronze,—a very elegant piece of art. The subscription list for tho Art Union, 1S70, closes this month. Messrs Eyres Bros, can re ceive subscribers' names up to the time of closing the mail. The iii/itclon Giiardiaii says:—It has been proved beyond dispute that the modo adopted by Mr Chri.-lo pherson of joining together tho sectiuns of the pipes lor the syphon, by which it is intended to carry the waters of tho Colibnn over tho valley of tho Back Creek, is one which cannot be carried out. Two more pipes were attempted to be rivetted together on Tues day, and both of them were split in the attempt. These pipes were originally imported for the sewerage of Melbourne, but being found defective for that pur pose. they have been turned to account in connection with our national waterworks. Each pipe is made up of four segments, and these segments it was intended to join together by irou plates rivetted on to the cast iron piping. It is found, however, that the rivets act as wedges and split tho pipes, a result which experi enced men say is only what might have been expected. L'e this as it may, it is beyond doubt that if the pipes are to be pieced together at all some other mode must be adopted; and this will now involve a large addi tional outlay. Mr Christoplierson has intimated his intention to inspect Messrs Moonie and Robertson's operations to-day, but it will probably be some, time before anything definite is decided on. Messrs Laugliton and Co. have now got the outlet tower of the Malmsbury reservoir up about 30 feet, and Messrs Meagher and Co. have fully 1,00 men employed on the aqueduct works, but tho progress ot these portions of the scheme is of comparatively little importance in view of the serious dilliculty which has arisen over the syplion works. As an instance of the knowledge some people have in regard to assisted immigration, tho following enquiry made recently at our local sub'treusury will furnish information. Applicant (evidently from liungarcv) - " What's the charge for a duul-ij Treasury Clerk— " I do not understand you, Sir," Applicant—11 What's must explain yourself, my good man." Applicant— Well, I'm bringing out a brithir o' mine, and I want him to fetch me a dunky." Treasury Clerk—"Oil! a donkey. The immigration regulations do not pro vide for four-legged donkeys; but J have 110 doubt arrangements could be made with the agent to convey your other brother out as cargo." the price for a dunky ? A letter has been received this mail from Mr Thomas Lenton, by a gentleman in Melbourne, in which the writer says:—" I shall return as soon as I find any thing worth bringing back. I have seen nothing so far that I o.onsider worth speculating on. Strange, in a country like this where a person would naturally ex pect to find novelty, but I assure you there is none to be got, for what little there is decidedly commands a higher figure here than in the colonies." Herbert, Frank, and John are still at tl',0 Amphitheatre in Holborn, and are considered to bo the best in their perfojmViii'i.ces ihat have ever appeared in England. Appended we give a schedule showing the amounts receivable by each agricultural society in connection with the Board of Agriculture, out of the grant-in-r,id for the year 1809, under by-laws Nos. and -X5, frac tions of a pound om'tted;—Bacchus Marsh, Italian, &c.;, £G5; Lallavafc, .£550; Baringhup, £117; Bendigo, £2(jS; Cnrisbrook, £105; Casttemaine, £222; Chiltern, Barnawartka, &c.;, £99; Geelong and Western District, £300; Glendaruel, £199; Glenlyon, Franklin, &c.;, £160; Hamilton, £12(5; Jvilmore, £52; Kyneton, £207; Mansfield, £9-1; Meltnn, £31; Merino aud Sandford, £35; MGriiingeon, £07; Newstead. £100; Newbridge. £S9j North Gipps Land, £107; Ovens and Murray, £170; l'olwarth and South Urenville, £10; Seymour, £0S; Smeaton, Spring llill, &e.;, £122; Victoria, £1S3; Villiers and Heytesbury, £115; Wahguiiyah, &e.;, £89; Western District, £190; Wimmera District, £179; total, £-1500. The following announcement appears in Friday's Guviranient Gazelle.—■" With reference to the notifi cation contained in the O'ova-iimcnt Gazelle of the 17tli December last, relative to a sale of certain Crown lands to be held at Melbourne on 23th January inst.: Notice is hereby given, that lots 1-1 and 15 have been withdrawn from sale." A circumstance which almost savors of Lover, hut which is nevertheless perfectly true, was related to us some days ago. A traveller for a liallarat brewery, after having paid for a license for a Tipperary hotelkeeper, said to thcfierylrishman across the bar counter, "Now, if : comes to you, who travels for , he will be sure to tell you that I paid the license for you, and if he does just do you knock him down." This jocular remark was not lost on the straight forward Celt, and, strange to say a few days after wards, the traveller named entered the hotel and made the remark which had been prophesied. The words were no sooner out of the mouth of the unfortunate mail than he was hit from behind the bar by the land lord and completely "floored." The order was, iu fact, carried out to the letter. We have been requested to state that the engineer of the Bungaree lload District Board estimates the cost of completing the North Melbourne road to the boundary of tho Bungaree ltoad District at £1100 per mile, and not at £000 per mile as stoted by Mr Steinfeld at the conference on Friday. Friday (remarks the Argus) was a somewhat broken day in regard to ministerial political matters, but some business was got through nevertheless, and a new Minister was appointed. According to the general expectation, Mr Graham Berry was sworn in as Treasurer in lieu of Mr Byrne, whose resignation of office was accepted for the purpose, but who retains a portfolio, and may still be regarded as a member of the Cabinet. Mr Berry's formal swearing-in did not take place till a Iato hour. The Chief Secretary and the: majority of Ministers who had been present at the Eaglehawk banquet remained in that neighbor hood till the 3 o'clock train, in order to comply with the desire of the leading residents that they should visit the chief lions of the place ; and as his Excel lency objected to the swearing-in of the new Minister in the absence of the Chief Secretary, the ceremony was delayed till 9 p.m., when Mr Maepherson, Mr J. T. Smith, Mr Longmore, and Captain ICaye (secre tary) formed an Executive Council at Toorak, and the usual formal oaths were taken. The Tclujraph re marks :—l! It is stated that Mr Berry's return may not be opposed, as the circumstance of a general election being so near at hand is expected to deter local candidates. The probability i3, however, that the associated old hatism of the metropolis will pro vide a suitable old hat candidate. The gentleman who promised everything at Kipon ami Hampden isquitewilliug,itissaid, to try and promise a little more in Geelong. ' Expenses paid' are understood to be the terms of his engagement." We (J rgus). understand that the Chief Secretary received a private telegram from Mr Yerdou on Fri day, announcing the death of Captain Norman, at llamsgate, shortly after the departure of the mail. No time was lost in conveying the melancholy intel ligence to Mrs Norman, at "Wiliiamstown, and the ships in the harbor 011 Friday exhibited the usual signs of mourning oat of respect to the deceased gen tleman. The Speaker 011 Friday issued a writ for the election of a member for St. Ivilda, in the place of the Hon. 13. C. Aspinall. resigned. The following arrangement has been made for the election:-—Day of nomination, 2!)th January; day of polling, 2nd February; return of writ, (ith February. A writ for the election of n member for Ararat, rice the Hon. \V. M'Lellan, who has accepted oliiee as Commissioner of Public Works, willjje issued this day. The Ovens and Murray Advertise}' lias the following as to the ministerial appointments:—"After many delays, Mr Macpherson has succeeded ill filling the offices of Minister of Justice and Postmaster-General. In both instances the appointments are such as will do credit to the Ministry, and strengthen it3 hold on the Mouse and the country. 13y the accession of Mr As'.'inall, the debating power of the Ministry will be largely increased, while tile services of an able lawyer —somewhat of a rarity at the Crown Law Offices— have also been secured. Mr M'Lellan likewise will be a tower of strength to the Cabinet. For hatred of shams, abhorrence of anything mean and vile, a:ul sterling honesty of purpose, there are few men in the Mouse to compare with the Dove of Ararat. Strength ened by these accessions, Mv Macpherson will be in a much better position to meet the Assembly on Thurs day than was generally expected." Amongst the gentlemen who received the honor of knighthood at the Court held on 10th November, at Windsor, from the hands of her Majesty personally, was Mr linger Tiierry. formerly Judge of the Supreme Court of Xew South Wales. Mr C. A. Abbott lias succeeded in very nicely color ing the &tar; picture of Uallavat. Specimens are on view in this ulhee, and at Mr J. K. Baird's, in Bridge street. The following appointments appear iu Friday's Government Gazette:—■"-Mr Alexander Finlay, to be a member of the school committee of Weatherboard llill; -Mr \Y. C. Stanbrouk, to be a trustee of the Ivokewuod Cemetery, vice T. G. Parker, resigned; Mr J. Cahir, baililf of the County Court, Chinos, to be also bailiff of the Chines Court of Mines; Mr Thomas 'William Clarke, Kingston, to be electoral registrar for the King ston and Smeaton divisions of the Creswiek district and Xorth-Western Province, vice it. Macey." A few weeks since (observes the Age) a warrant was issued for the arrest of a man named Edward Quiney on a charge of embezzling several sums belonging to 1 his employer, Mr Glen, of Collins-street. The man has never yet been arrested, although it is pretty well known that he is hanging about his residence at Caul tield. Several tradesmen to whom he owed money have obtained verdicts for the amounts due, and upon putting an execution ill the house the judgment has always been satisfied. Another proof that In; is not far distant lies in the fact that last week Quiney forwarded a small sum of money he owed a profes sional gentleman, addressing it from his own hoi'se. it is alleged that ho is only keeping out of the way until his friends have settled the matter, and had the warrant cancelled; but meantime, it does -not s- ij* much lor the smartness of the detective force when a man who is wanted is able to elude them in such a barefaced manner, Or tht! now Treasurer the A>i cton Gnnrdhni thus .speaks:—t; Of Ml- Graham Berry's appointment we Ciunint speak in very decided terms. J lis career has boon a scries of contradictions. ]lo commenced well; but his subsequent conduct has not borne out the promise of the commencement. And this vacillation and want of purpose has, up to the present time, kept him in the background, when he might otherwise have occupied a place in the front rank. ! Unstable as water, thou slialt not excel,' might have been eonli deiitly said of him any time these live years. And yet we believe his iustiucts arc good and sound. What lie will have to guard against is a dread of defeat in a cause which he knows to be right. .Defeat, under such circumstances, is never ignominious, and is scarcely ever to be regretted. He has quite ability enough to servo the country well, if he can only be faithful to Iris party and to his own convictions." A special meeting of the Garrick Club will be held at the Theatre Hoyal this evening. We have received the following letter professing to emanate from " Inmates of the Benevolent Asylum " : '"Gould you oblige the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum with any information regarding the reason why we are deprived of Jjivine service on a Tuesday afternoon of late; as formerly we were visited by ministers from dillerent denominations, but latterly altogether neglected. Any information wonU greatly oblige yours truly, Inmates of the Benevolent Asylum." The Greiivilleshire revenue inspector, accompanied by Constable Kennedy. of Linton/ and a member of the Smythesdale force, paid a visit to Iladdon on Fri day, and made a raid 011 several o£ the sly-grog sellers in that quarter. A meeting o: the Clunes Hospital Committee was held under the presidency of the Mayor on "20th .ianuaiy. Considerable discussion tool; place as to whether under the circumstances the erection of an hospital or an emergency ward would be most desir able. The committee appeared to be of opinion that designs ought to be called lor an hospital, and its mueli erected as possible, and the rest from time to time. The decision upon the subject is, however, to be left to a public meeting to be he'd, at the itecliabite hall, 011 31st January. Threshing is Uoiiig vapidly proceeded with about Clunes a.ud the adjoining locality, and some of the yields are very good. Mr Sloan's wheat averaged 2-! bushels, and the oats 33 bushels. Mr M'Grath's wheat averaged about 13 bushels per acre. 