-...'. ' ' . . , ; ? ; ? ; ? ; ? _ . . n 'J.'-T CHRISTMAS AMONG SHOWMEN AT BOTANY BAY. BY E. P. HINGSTON. We were all showmen on board the Wonga Wonga— ^ladies and; mariners, ? excepted; F'Nbrc ??-'. were ^11 the lady passengers strangers 'to ;fchpw.' ? }' '? life. ; Traces of1 the hare's'foqt ..were ' on the fape,^-! , of. one ;; another trod the deck; TOth.theste^-o'f ;I the! stage ; while a third^hetfayed'by the lines of ;f ?nerieanureB, asveu as-Dy ner-attitnaes,.tnatshe . ;_; had tripped to her steed across a pathway of . tan^ become familiar: with' .the'scont of .sawdust/ and .ridden: round the ring- to the, music ofabrass: i band— camphene illuminating' her career of glory; - j-i and ! Horny hands' applaudinglier ^^ grace and skill.;; *J* ? :We ?weresieamin^ along the Soutii' Pacific-Tron^ ,,-,, 'our left, Aiistralia ; to pur. right, K!ew;-Zealand. - ,-. The year was. 1858. The season was midsummer. ? It wanted about a week to Christmas.'' We saw -: .thejsun.in the. north: at noon, and feltintheeven-; ing,the cool breezes from the ice fields of 'the frozen south. Our destination, was Sydney ; the' 1; Wohga' Wonga - being bound thither1 from' Mel- ; '? bourne. Though ? bearing a native ' Australian ? J ' name, meaning ?' pigeon pigeon,' ; her 'timbers ' ?' had been put together in Glasgow, by ?' James and: George Thomson, Builders ; 'and in Gaptain s Walker sne possessed a jovial and courteous com- ? : mandef of the true British stamp. His chatac-! ter was summed up by one of our passengers-': ? 'The 1 Captain's all there. He's got nis hearings ? in his head, like a natural-born compasd.' ' ? ? '' Wehad Ghristmaa weather— real old Chrisimas'. weather, 'suoh;- as' tirans- equatorials rejoice -in ; ,,f summer hea'tV-^J'clpniiless; sky,; ; a; bath of sun- './ shine, ;and; nights-.'^haV' ,w.ere ?balmy !as. the day. !: Thni rirmlfiH ;hf - tfie -; Piip.ifin' Avfirn ?'litrlit 'Aa nVi'p ' ' hearts, and golden as bur hopes/while we steamed'.'' ipast Mount I)rbmedafy;:-8igTited.:Capo Perpendi cnlar, and beheld the thin columns of blue 'mnoke *-, wreathing upwards in fantiatac forms : frotii the' , distant : bush-fires of thickly-wooded Hlawarra. ,': Then came sunset, and a heaven of. 'great luminous 'stars- '?;-with ' the ? constellation; of' the ' Southern: Cross mounting upwards, : beaming aloft the, emblem of faith td many a dispirited irhmi- : ! gfan!t from afar. ?:?- ?'??' ?;' i;\ \\- :''.1,V:'. '?'.,''' .. Showmert' as :we were, ah affinity of feeling.' . caused ns to Congregate together in' the evening,,' and amuse one another with stories of what we had Been and khb'wh; Very naturally,' too,; we wished to discover on what- errand we were each sailing to Sydney. : : !At what theatre was the actress poincr to antiaar? To what circus did the equestrians lDeiong;?Whait sort' of a- show did the ; man- with-' the hugo bundle of bills intend to open? One of our passengers puzzled usmuchattho outset of ? the -voyage. Ho had,, with him some -cases, of curiosities/ and made ' sketches of the scenery here and there along the ': coast. His hair; was grey,' his spectacles had '?': the glasses encircled-by broadbrims of steel. 'At ? first, he kept. apart from the rest; but gradually ? he, became more convivial. We suppbsedhim to ? .be engaged in getting up; a- panorama of Aus-: .tralia,- and 'that he intended to exhibit 'hia: '' 'curiosities ,in -his :.ekhibjtion-roomi Not till' our '? trip was! nearly ended did we ascertain that- he, ?was Prince Paul of Wurtemberg, travelling on a .^scientific mission, v:; ? ',' ? ' : ? :|' :. A lady y;as asked to sing. Without hesitation' she complied. The song was 'Annie Laurie,' . the singer Madame ? Sara Flowor, -formerly of the ' Princess's ;Theatrey London, but now voyaging to her home at; Sydney. We knew' her errand. ! Next to her sat a gentleman; whoso errand we also knew ;for ho was Mr. Lavenu, going to con- ?' duct! the orchestra of a theatre in New South ' ;Wale3. , Poor Layenu ~\ :He is dead now. ' Many i; .remember him as- a composoijin London. Theu ?we had Devani j the contortionist, v/ho-was on his - way togoin a troupe of gymnasts; an actor and .his^wife, about to strengthen the company under ;: -Mr.VQv Y. j Brooke.; *au -Australian- comedian, '?*: 'familiarly -kj:own as. -Jf Johnny 'VHydes.; Mr. Cherevby, an Amorican, who bad conio.to teach -- -,'tKe colonists tho art of taming horses on the itaroy . system j .and a light- spirited, morry hearted Bostoman, by the name of Jerry Luther, acting as' the horse tamer 'a agont in advance, but one of tliosc apt and facile sons of the Great Republic who can do anything, be anything, and get a living any way, at any . time; anywhere. Jerry had not only tamed horsos himself, but driven coaches, lectured on panoramas, exhibited a woolly pig, tried his voice at nigger minstrelsy, and his hand at astonishing an audience with a pack of cards. , He was as 'inquisitive as ho wag conversational, and there was just one man on board the. Wpnga Wonga whoso business in going 'to Sydney Jerry was especially anxious to know. -' That- man was Jphnnv Blooming, Now '^Blooming' was not his right naine, but it was ' ho one he liad come to be known by amoDg his ?showman friends. He was: short in stature, stout in build, limped a little on the right leg/ through haying once suffered a severo fall from a horse, ? and had awayof hopping, ratherthanofrunning, ?whenever he wished to hasten his speed; Though his curly hair was turning grey, ' JohDEyiwasjhot more than fifty years of age. His. eyes were bright1 andj cheery ; his expression that: of one who; having fought the world at a game of fisticuffs/' and come off only slightly scratched in the fight, . had shakbn hands with' his1' aritagpnist.'' In' fact, Johnny Blooming had determined that the world should not again quarrel with him if ;he could help it, and that together they should gb, round quietly, oncce in . twehty-four hours, and he not be anoyed with: the motion. Whenever asked by an acquaintance the ;state of.his health, Johnny would reply, 'Blooming, sir^-bfoPming as a pink !' Arid that was how he caina to be called Johnny -Blooming. -But Johnny in' so re plying to inquiries told a falsity. There was nil thing of the 'pink' about him.'1 He was more like a chesnut, tor he had somo ;. of the chesnut's roundness, and much of the chesnut's' color. The sunshine of India, of South ^fnerica, and :.b£ 'Axis'-]'. tralia had mingled' with.hisblood. and. burnt the pinks in their bloom. :-P He ^ lad a rdughiTife- but a strong heart had carried, him through, and he was still— Johnny ^Blooming. . ? .', ...''; / ' ', ?; Jerry Luther, .'the. horse- tamer's-. agent; ,? and Blooming, formerly proprietor of a -wild-beast show, had met innyarious ;partsof the earth. Each had had his own entertainment' iu the same town. More than once oach had striven to out bill the other, and on half a dozen occasions they had both assured the public that there was only one exhibition in the place worthy of patronage, and that the other was nothing \butf an 'outside show.' And now they met ag_ain on board the Wonga Wonga. ' I guess you air about as queer a Britisher as.any goin', Johnny Blooming,*' ire-; marked Jerry Luther, commencing his inquiry; 'Howairtheindieation8,andhowairyour spirits in ' Blooming, Jerry ; blooming as a pink.' ' And you; air goin' ! up to Sydney this Christmas. Mean to have a show there, I guess V',-. .'.' Not ex actly.' ''Only goin' to have a look round- per haps ?' 'Yes. I am' on business, Mr. Luther.' The' horse-tamer's agent stretched out his legs as far as he could push them on the deck, thrust his hands into the pockets of his: trousers, and coolly ouaerveu, — 11 joua. yniuo xsa x, mj ges a new kind of kangaroo, or some performing 'possums, my name's not Jerry Luther.' ' Thenit isn't,' replied Johnny Blooming, with a smile.. Mr. Luther felt his acuteness to be at fault, His'de sire to know became intensified; He put a point-' blank question. ' But you air after something, Johnny Blooming. , I'll go any 'number of dollars on its being an animal. Ami right?'' ?.;' You are. You couldn't berighterif you tried.' 'Rip, slap, set 'em up again!' cried Mr. /Lathery in .a state of ectasy. ? ?' f'I-knew your^iproclivities,' Johnny. When I .ran against- you at Rio de Janeiro you were after alligators/ and when I. met you in Calcutta ' X knsw you '/' were goin' up the country after tigers.' 'There ;; you're out again, Mr. Luther.' -yWhat oriairth were you invading India for then ? May be you were' \- after elephants ?' . ' No, Jerry.' ' Snakea,- then —was it snakes?' ' No— I was after a child,': replied the showman, with a singular expression! of gravity. 'There, gentlemen T1' exclaimed Mr. Luther, triumphantly. ''Wasn't I right? Didn't I know his proclivity? ;. I guessed him to be after a show the moment I saw himu Was it a spotted, child', Johnny, or one with two heads, or one with an elephant's trunk instead of .a nose, or— — r ' ' ivir. .Lutner, it was my aaughter. ? The last words were uttered with, emphasis; the speaker raised his coat-sleeve to his eyes after ;? he had spoken. Jemwaa silent, but puffed his ' cigar vigorously. The little group of showmen . on the deck of the Wonga Wonga Iqoked at one another, and by their looks censured' Mr. Luther for having trodden roughly on delicate ground. After a pause of some few minutes the inquisitive American tendered his case of cigars to Johnny Blooming, invited him to take on6j arid feelingly apologised for any unintentional rudess. ' You will excuse me, Johnny,' said he ;'you never told me why you -were in India..,. I did'nt kriow you to have a daughter.' ' Had^had-^-had !' replied the showman, with' a sigh between each word. 'I have no daughter now.: Poor Annie — my poor — poor' Annie;!' ? 'Did your daughter , die in India?' asked one of our party. . ,v She did j but I fCould. never find out where,' replied the 'father. ?' She was a sweot little thing when she left her home in Lancashire. lean see her now, with her light, hair all in curls, and' her merry eyes, and the way she had' from ;the;tinie she was; a baby of leaning her cheek upon one hand, while sue asked me questions ana looKea m my tace and laugned. .My Annie's inothoif died when iriy little .pet was 1 uitea baby, and I had to be mother and father to her, year after year. Poor child ! she used to hang round my neck arid, kiss me, and promise never to leave her father, so long as he lived. I ' was, foolish enough to think she never would. But she was a good .child, even when sho did run away. I believe she thought the man had money, and she would have some to give me, to buy animals with, and largen out my show. But she was wrong, poor girl-'-all wrong— wrong— wrong ! She went with him to India. Months and months passed away, till - they got to be years, and I never heard, from ; her — never . knew -whether my Annie -was ' dead or alivo. One letter did get to me justafter she landed at Cal cutta : and here it is-.-here. in this old 'baccy box. .. It's never been but of my pockot: since. It was all the directions I had to find her with, when I landed in India. : I steered my way through all the presidencies. with that little com pass, but all to no use. Not to be found— not to oc found !';' _ The showman drooped his head, heaved a deep sigh, and ground the tobacco-box between his clenched hands. 'Still, she may be alive, Johnny,' said Jerry Luther, cheeringly ; ' I guess India's a big placo, and you might have been down at Madras when she was up at Bom bay. That is, .leastwise, unless you. know she m — - 'Don't say. it— don't say tho word,' Jerry. I do know it. Do you think this would be the only letter I ever had from her, if my Annie was alive ? Do you think she would Have forgotten her father, and the wild beasts she used to teed when she was a pretty xmild-4n the old show! No ! it wasn't in her. She wasa good child, Jerry, and true, true as sleel, lama' light-hearted man, and the thought of her is the only thing. that weighs on my spirits. When, away up in India, I came to know she was dead, it well-nigh broke my heart.' 'It's something to have .a heart : and I guess, showmen have pretty big ones,' remarked Jerry, adding, as hiB curiosity gob the better of- bis sympathy, 'but you haven- 1 told us what animal you are going to get afc Sydney. ' 'Tain after a bunyip, replied Johnny Bloopung. ' Yrfu !' exclaimed, Jerry. ' You believe in aay crittur litQ a bunyip !' 'I do.' Tho bunyip, to tho less informed of the old settlers of Australia, is what tho Bea-serpent is to many sailors— a living mystery, firmly believed in, difficult to be seen, and still hardor to catch. The bone3 of tho. Dinornia attest to that bird having existed, and the platypus is still to be found in plenty on the banks of Australian streams ; but the bnnyip has its existence in legends and BtorieB. only. Listening to tho ac counts given of the auinial by the dwellers in the bush, or the miners on a gold-field, a naturalist becomes puzzled to understand what sort of a monster the bunyip i3 siipposed to bo. Putting all accounts together, the bunyip can swim, fly, delve, rear up, trample down, and devoir fish, fcheop1' or men, It ' is a combination of tliQ plesibsaurian .and . the pterodattyle: of geoiornc days ; and most probably owes itj mythical orioin to' the.existenc3 of the platypuf!, whose odd com bination of beaver and duck in one animal has formed the stratum on which the imaginative .Australian wanderer .has' built up the Ininyip Many.a man has believed as firmly in makin' his fortune - by-, catching a bunyip,- just' as1 others ' have thought to achieve' the same result by . dis covering the mountain from which they suppose the gold to have streamed .doim through the .quartz veins... of the golden land. 'So, Johnny. Blooming, you mean to. get a bunyip ! - What track; air you onforone?;-, I guess yowwou'tfirid one -at Botany Bay,' said Mr.: Luther, 'f That's the- very place 'where I think I shall be on' the scent of one,' replied the showman. ' There's .a man ;6vet at 'Bpitany.wKo;has ^^ given ; his'min(l, to; the subject; and, if y6u'*must ,knpvv,r'am going over to see him.' ,; ' Well done!' observed the. comic actor who- formed, one of our little party. f'J knof 'Botany I well;.- ; .Beaumont's ' ^Hotel there is not half a bad place to spend , Christmas Day at; ??: Suppose we all drive over in * hansom cabs front Sydney; and do our ?Christmas. ' dinner there ? I'll'mak'e one.r,Wli6;speaks next V . 'I'm on,' chimed'in Jerry Luther.. ;i( I'll drive oriecab. : .'.Hr. Chereyby will drive another. WJieri you' talk of ? dinner igp right ahead, like a ; sick kitten, to a hot1 brick.'. '.' Christmas Day at Botany' is not half, a.had ideai'' remarked . our musiqal ; feHow-passeriger. t f? ¥e' can have a dance on the grstss after diriner, aridt do a little : rowing out in the* Bay,'' ' Arid play fly-loo, and^ haveaswing,'? remarked the hbrse:tanier.' And look, at all Mr., -Beaumont's collection.' of. birds and Animals,' observed the circus lady. ' Arid drink .'Merry '^ Christmas, v in a good jug of champagne well ,iced|-' added another of our party. ''And 4endta hand to johriny Blooming to 'catch a.bunyip,'.;said Mr. Luther, laughitig.' ?'? Johnny Bloomingorbse up , to pace fine ' deck. ' ''You may laugh. gehtleman,' Haid he j' 'but' I Shall find TriV hlilWin 'Mv hanri-'a Ar\ flio* animal, and whdtemy -heart gets on Johnny - Blooming is the man.vto do.' ''Hurrah !. There's Botany, over vyonder !'',, cried the irrepressible Jerry.; r'We shallinake Sydney heads by ten '.o'clock, 'and be up,'; to the wharf: by /midnight.' Lookout for the mosquitoes to.riight, boys. They bite plaguey sharp in theae hot days of Christmas, and they've got sonie prize'specimeiis -in Sydney. But. who's afraid^? J;';;, ; ^ :;. -::' ? ?; ' 'Eip slap, set 'em up again, . ' ' ? ' ? : '; pght in the; middle of a three-cent pie !'. l! Whether Mrl, Luther meant that. we,' or the mpsquitoesj .were tb be so 'set up' was not very ..clear.;., .-.-.y'..'^/-.^-.^'. ';':?:.?'::? ?. :? '^i ?????-..... :;-.. ? . Before we . parted - company on the Wonga Wonga that ri^ghty arrangements were '-made that we should mee,t',v at, Hampton's Metropolitan .Hotel ' on _ Christmas mornitig, - and that. '-'each.'. should.' bring' a 'brother shopman with hini if'i possible.;. All were /faithful- to their tryst, ari^ a merry' gathering;' we made under, the1 banana^ i acacia, and. loqiiat trees, which shade the green turf of the garden behind the hotel. 'Jick: Hampton '— as.Vpiir-host yaa': familiarly .styled--v received an invitation to join the excursion,- pro- ! rvided he vraa liberal with his champagneand soda before' the;Vstart. Christmas Day- of 1858 ?-. was ;a scorchingly1 ^^;;hot ., ^^.otie/th.ere awayinNew/ South Wales. ';. There, was. anValmoat-'unbearable glire of white v.oa. every; object,; arid suashine' seemed :to. steep the: city of. Sydney. in;a bath of, /brightness.-. The several members - of bur party were : befittingly clothed for the' occasion in light v'i'ieu gcuuiciiBi pi xne .nimsiest i:ext;ure, ana eachhad a puggaree; or: white '; turban, attached 'to ;his , hat.; Johnny 'Blooming wore a coat . of ? primrose-tinted China silk, and, to add to; his bloom,' sported a broad : rosy-h'ued ?' ribbon, with fringed ends for a necktie;. As' he stepped into the harisorn;cah allotted to himj' a: shout of laughter arose- from .the loungcri iiri front of ithe hotel, for some one had pinned a paper to 4;he back of his coat, on which was written, in large letters,' ''Bound for thebunyip!';'.' ?? ? ? To those who; were familiar 'with,. Christmas fully, accustomed to .the/antipodes,7 the appear- . ance of Christmas Day ini- Npw South- WaleB was singularly exciting. No. frost, no show; no, : cold . east.wind, nor dreary fog, but sunlight, colpr, flowers and .perfume everywhere around ; 'bees' humming aniidst the blossoms, frogs i musical 'iu -. the marshes/ 'arid locusts chirruping merrily in -the .trees ;.:.the bells of the /churches pealing . joyously, andtho'streetg-futt of holiday people, drdsswl in garish attire, aud shjelding themselves . from the , fierce, heat by means of gay-colored ' : parasols arid white umbrellas. ,; . . ''''?'?' ; '?','? '? ?':?' ?': - tfp George-street, Sydney, we bowled along— a rovj' of hansom ; cabs bound for Botany, Bay, about seven miles distant. Dear old Botany ! grim old Botany ! of which our1 English child-; hood heard so much, and formed ideas so- false. . ' Sent to Botauy:Bay !' Time! had been when the phrase had caused us to shudder-; and now we were trundling out to its shores in realhansoms— gay as a troop of children just let out of school— our handkerchiefs fastened to \the ends of our walking cones, and attached to the cabsto.serve as fla^s ; and our cheerful American friend sing inghis everlasting chorus of ' Rip— slap— set 'em up again, !'' v W« ^passed great hillocks'of sand in the dis tance, and were told that they were the Surrey Hills. What business they had to, be so far from Norwood and the Thames 'waa''.Ot conundrum. Presently our cab-wheels sank in deep furrows of sand, and ' navigation,' as our driver called it, became a matter of difficulty.;' Once ? or: twice' there was a shout of anger as a. driver nearly, capsized his cab, and then a roar of laughter, as thehansomin which our friend of the bunyip was seated became, stuck fast, and those who bowled by cried out— ' Como along, and get the bunyip, old fellow. How aro you, Johnny?' ' Blooming— blooming as pink,' was the reply. ' Don't you fear for Johhny Blooming.' After three or tour stoppages on the road, much laugh ter, and considerable ' chaff,' we : arrived at Botany, and drove to Beaumont's Hotel, where dinner had already been ordered. Our horses were whito with ^ mingled foam and dust, and our andsoda-water'a most accepteble draught. :M Botany ! Much maligned, traduced, and misrepresented Botany; At Botany! where in our innocence ye had once believed that convicts wero working in .chains, and that the principal mildiiig3 were grim and dreary, prisons. At Botany IwHther m pur simplicity we onco sup posed all the rogues who- had passed the ordeal of he Old Bailey to have been sent, and half the vil ains in the world to bo congregated. Fond de lusibnsof our untravelled youth !. Here were we at the real Botany, wherea convict establishment never has existed, where convicts never have been landed, where no clank of fetters can be heard ior; pnsou: wms oo seen, oat stui the same Boiiany Bay into whioh Captain Cook sailed, and the floral luxuriance of whibli caused the natu ralist of his expedition to giTO it so appropriate a name. Its surf was rolling at bur feet, its thousands of gaudy flowers . vore around uh on every side. At Botany the youth of Sydnoy epond their holidays, and happy pairs their honeymoons. '? Beaumont s, at tho time of our visit, was a po culiar institution. It comprised' an hotel, pleasure-grounds, zoological gardens, a circus, and a host of other attractions. In tho gardens were tents and marquees pitched in tho shode of the densely foliaged troes. 'Within- one of theue marquees was spread our Christmas dinner. Though the thermometer registered about 100 deg., and the season was. the lieight of summer, we were particular in having Chriatmaa fare, loast boor,, turkey, plum-,pudding, and mince-pie lad'iill bfeoa ordered in prafiuion. . Just/asyrol were sitting, down to dinner, we missed , Johnny Blooming. 'Where on airth has the coon got to?' asked Jerry Luther.: ; . : . One-of our party had seen him.wandering about the .grounds looking at the collection of animals, and evidently in quest of information about his bunyip. ^ Dinner to him wjis of secondary con sideration. ' We were plying our knives vigor .ously, ' when in he came/ hisiaco'all of a glow, his rose neck-tie amere wet rag, and he himself weUout-of breath. ''What a pity!' said he, .taking his seat '.'at the table.1 ' We must have passed him ;on:ithe road.', 1 f' Passed who ? — the bunyip?', asked Jerry. 'No, the man I went to'seo, who can.put me on the scent. He'sgone to;_Sydney ;.but he'll ? be back by the time we finish dinner.' , Arid Johnny fell to work upon the phristmas fare with right good will. ' Ladies and gentlemen— A merry Christmas and a happy new year to us,one and all. And may we be all sont out again tov Botany: Bay !' said the chair- ? man of- our party, proposing' the toast of the day!; 'Hurrah !. Rip— slap ! - Nineteen hun dred merry Christmases to1 all pf us !' cried Jerry Luther, in exuberant glee.' Presently the: vice-chairman .gave, ? .' Our. friends and loved, ones far away.' In-, drinking it, Johnny Blpomingwas so far; overcome by his feelings, that a sigh mingled with his wine, and produced a fit of coughing/ He coughed till he was red in the face.; ' Never mind,/Johnny,' cried Jerry Luther, rising to his feet,' 'fill- .your glasses. Here's. ; to .the: bunyip. Hail, -Columb'iai God save the Queen, and may Johnny find his bun ?JP !' .. W-en the laughterhad subsided, Johnny Blooming spoke. '?' You may laugh, gentlemen, ' said he, I shall find that bunyip.yet. And if I get any correct information : to-day, I'll stand a supper and champagne to-night.' ' With, a ball to follow?' asked Jerry. 'Yes, we'll have a dance.'- 'Hurrah !' cried' Jerry. 'Andnow let s go put urider'the trees, smoke our cigars on the grass, and play : fly-loo for brandy-and water.' ?.; ;t.: .-.--. ?-.?,; ? ? -,., ..^-,- . . . .? ? Fly-loo is a. peculiar game, and Mr. Luther had to 'initiate some of our party into its mysteries; Itis; played with lumps; of sugar. Each player takes one lump and closes his hand over it : then , aU; the players . stretch out ? their arms, and open ? their hands simultaneously, the piece of sugar resting on the palm. Presently a fly alights upon .one piece of sugar, and the holder of it is at once . ; out of the game. Each, as he attracts his fly, foes putin succession, and he who catches no fly as to pay. As it happened, player after player was ' out,' and Johnny Blooming caught no- fly. f That looks bad for catching a bunyip, if you ccan/t catpha fly,' remarked Jerry Luther, ban teringly. Two, hands . remained opeu. Johnny Blooming's was one. The; fly. was just coming .to him, when he suddenly threw away the sugar, jumped up, arid limped hastily oft 'AH right, gentlemen,' l'm; looed, and I'll pay. There he is -r-there's my man.' The person of whom Johnny had been/ in Search had. returned from Sydney. ^Johnny and he were soon engaged in deep con ver- satipn, and ten minutes, ^passed away before Johnny, returned to our party/ ...- ' Gentlemen,' . said he, ' you must excuse me for a short time. 'It is the friend' of this man who knows all about :the 'animal I'm' after, and he's but in a boat on the. bay, taking a lady arid/her child to see Cap tain Cook's monument. There's . another boat on the beach. I afli'going to jump into it and go out tohim.'- 'f'Cari you 'rbw 1' asked Jerry Lu ther;1 'Can a duck swim ?' responded Johnny Bloominglhdignantly. 'Rip— slap, we'll go and s,ee you puli,'- said Jerry.- ^' Boys, let's all .go down to the beach.' i'' s; ;, .; ,.To the beach We went, and helped Johnny into the boat. He pushed off amidst a loud shout of .'Bringback the bunyip/ Johnny.' Far away ' out in the bay was a-Vsiriall, ?. boat -with three per son's in it. One wasa m*an-rbwirig leisurely. -At' the stern of tho boat sat a'lady and a child. The sea was smooth: aa a mirrerj and Johnny soon gave proof of his skillas an oarsman by sending his boat rapidly over the surface of the water. His fnixififr.v t.n fTAt.ii-n -ivit.li flic* AfTiov Knof . nmL- great. Sultry as the evening was, he took long strokes and, plied his oars 'quickly. .One of our party had volunteered to go with him to assist, but he stoutly refused any company on an errand Bp: important !! ' He's mad-^-mad as all fury,' remarked Jerry Luther. 'Just look how he's pulling ! He'll scare the people in the.'other boat. See; (there he goes flying ! Look, boys !. see ! He's making up close to her, and not slacking his speed a: bit. He 11 beinto her sure ! There-^-there !— I saidso. He's struck the other boat arid capsized the whole lot. . There they are, struggling in the water— the.lady's saved— so's thb child .-! Johnny's, liri the big boat with them-- but what on airth is he doing! Look ! He's hugging the lady like mad— the old fpol thinks he's found his bunyip. He's crazed— clean crazed !'. . ' ' ,.. The whole action transpired in a few moments. What' the course of it all meant was more than we,; the on-lpokers, knew. , Much- time elapsed before the boats made for the shore, thatin which Johnny had gone out being tugged at the stern of the other. ! In rowing back, Johnny Blooming did not seem to be asking any questions of the man who knew whereto find the bunyip, but was seen to rise in the boat, time after time and apparently kiss the lady. As he neared the shore he -flourished his oar in the air wildly, and screamed out — ' I've found her— I've found heri!' 'What— the bunyip?' asked Jerry Lu ther.' My daughter— my Annie— my poor An nie— my own Annie !' replied Johnny. ' Sbo's not; dead ; her husband is, but not she. She thought, I was, because somebody died in the papers with the same liamo as me. She's rich, too,' poor child— rich, and a widow. That's her baby. Only to think ! Here's a merry Christmas for Johnny Blooming !' 'And you'll stand the supper, and champagne ?'. asked Jerry. 'A thousand suppers and all the champagne in the world. Well have dancing, top. Oh, this is a merry Christmas ! .^'Butthe bunyip, Johnny?' ' The bunyip's found, boys.' Here s my bunyip. Bless her !— bless her ! And she's as blooming as a pink, though I did nearly' drown her. Boys ! I'll pay my fly-loo.' .... ' 