GENERAL NEWS. Mr. Bichard Birnie, A.M., Oxon., and barrister-at-law, is now an inmate of the Mel- bourne Benevolent Asylum. He is the son of Sir Bichard Birnie, of London. Intelligence has been received by last mail that Wollongong butter has been sold in Lon- don at 7d per Ib. We understand that a caucus of members of the Legislative Council was held last week at which it was resolved to throw out the Govern- ment measure providing for the abolition of State aid to religion. A letter has been received from the New South Walea Government, giving authority to South Australian sheep-owners to take their sheep north of the Murray and east of the North-west. Thirty-one breeding ewes and a number of lambs, the property of Mr. Bard, of Mount Bute, were killed on Monday by dogs, which exist in such numbers round Pitfield and Cape Clear as to be a perfect nuisance. The greatest competition that has taken place in double-furrow ploughs was at the Ballarat match last week, when no less than eleven were entered, and one, the plough which gained the day, was exhibited publicly for the first time in this colony. Good news for the unemployed ! The Water works Loan Bill is to be discussed this week and, upon the passing of the measure, no doubt steps will be taken by the Government to pro- ceede immediately to the completion of the Cohban scheme. Later Fiji ad rices state that King Thak- ambau had despatched a strong force against the rebels. The British consul's conduct in com- pelling the King to surrender a captured schooner belonging to the rebel chief is warmly censured by the Fiji Times. The Parliamentary session is shortly to be brought to a close. Most of the Government business has been disposed of, and there re- mains only one more bill to be introduced— viz., the Supplementary Waterworks Loan Bill — when the Legislature can be prorogued, and hon. members relieved from their duties. It is stated that the valid reason for Mr Le Suear's resignation is that there is no pro- bability of his post at the Observatory becom- ing so lucrative to him as the position he could fill at home. The report is current, also, that no gentlemam will be appointed in Mr. Le Suear'e place. On Saturday a prisoner named Jobnstone, employed in qnarrying stone for the Portland breakwater, was killed on the Flagstaff Hill. Deceased was descending a shaft and slipped from the rope. He fell about 40ft, and when taken up was quite dead. An inquest on the body was held later in the day, when a verdict of accidental death was returned. Diptheria appears to be making serious rav- ages in the Castlemaine district. The M. A. Mail reports that on Thursday a Mrs. Green- wood, of Vaughan, died ot diptheria, and yesterday a daughter of the deceased, thirteen years of age, succumbed to the same complaint. Mrs. Green wood was only twenty-nine years of age. A fortnight ago a son, ten years of age, died of the same scourge. A. family of four remains. The preliminary notice to intending contract- ors for the second portion of the North Eastern Railway line of the plans and specifications be- ing ready for inspection, will be issued in about a fortnight. Tenders will be invited for the contract in August. Orders have already been forwarded to England for 120 miles of the steel rails recommended by the consulting engineers in England as adapted for a climate subject to such influences as ours. A London correspondent of Messrs. Gutirie Taylor and Co. writes: — Australian meat has of late been much offered in the market, but the only form in which it meets with ready sale is in 4lb and 6lb tins, cooked. Neither the meat packed in fat nor uncooked in tins will sell readily. The former has been quotted at 2½d and 3d per lb, fat included ; the cooked meat in 4lb and 6lb tins sells readily at 6d to 7d per Ib. Beef is worth ½d to 1d per Ib more than mutton. Once more, says the S. A. Register the Deceased Wife's Sister Marriage Bill has been submitted to the Legislature. Like Mr. Coglin's Queen's Hundred motion, it tums up nearly every seasion, and with analogous results. The perseverance of tbe Parliament has been very severely taxed by the repeated refusals of her Majesty to give effect to their desire to legalise marriages with a deceased wife's sister, but so far from being exhausted, it appears to gain strength through reverses. Some time since we announced that a coal seam was on fire in the neighbourhood of Cape Patterson. We are now informed, on what appears to be good authority, that the scene of the first is between the Bass River and Cape Patterson, and that the existence of the seam at that point was not known until four or five months ago, when the desolating bush-fires then prevalent ignited it. It is now supposed to be a continuation of the one discovered by Mr. Carew, and more than 2ft thick. The Commercial Hotel in Corio-street, Geelong, which at one time was the principal Hotel is the chief street of the town, was sold by auction on Friday for £210. On one occa- sion the goodwill alone of this house was sold for no less than £2,000, but tempora mulantur ; and latterly Corio-street, from being the oldest and busiest street in Geelong, has become almost deserted, and most of the properties in it are now tenantless. At the same time the Britannia Hotel, in Yarra-street, was sold for £420, wbich was considered a very satisfactory price. We [Argus) understand that the Hon. Charles Manners Sutton, the private secretary to His Excellency the Governor, is about to take six months' leave of absence, with the view of pay- ing a visit to England. Mr. Manners Sutton will go home by way of San Francisco and New York, and will be accompanied by the Rev. Mr. Sandys, the tutor to His Excellency's younger sons, who returns home on the completion of the education of his charges. The Hon. John Man- ners Sutton will also, we believe, shortly leave the colony, for the purpose of entering the counting-house of the firm of Gibbs, Bright, and Co., Liverpool. We understand, says the South Australian Advertiser, that the Government will sub- mit to his Excellency in Executive Council the names of the hon. J. Hart, the hon. J. H. Barrow, and Mr. Wm. Townsend, M.P., as delegates from this colony to the Conference to be held in Melbourne on the 20th inst. The Argus reports that in all probability Victoria will be represented at the forthcoming inter- colonial conference by the Chief Secretary and the Treasurer. From Sydney the Hons. Charles Cowper and Samuel are passengers for Mel- bourne, there to attend at the Intercolonial Conference. As regards Supple, tbe Herald leant that he is in a very peculiar condition of mind. On every subject save that of his attack upon Mr. G. P. South, he is rational in conversation. Immediately, however, this subject is broached, he seems to forget all about Mr. Walshe, and fastens his mind on Mr. Smith. His assertions respecting the member for South Bourke slan- dering him are as strong as ever, but when pressed to give any distinct instance of such slan- der, be cannot do so, and turns upon his inter- locutor with the charge of being wilfully ignor- ant of the facts. Supple is so determined to wreak vengeance, that he threatens to come from his grave and effect his purpose. About half-past two on Friday morning, a man named Edward Frost, engaged in firing a tree on the banks of the Yarra, discovered, at the rear of Mr. Bright's residence in South Yarra, two coats, one a blue cloth over-coat, the other a black double-breasted frock coat ; also a white belltopper hat, a small red scarf, and a black silk necktie. He at once informed the police, who on searching the pockets of the frock-coat, found a pocket-book, containing £338 in notes, five postage stamps, letters, bills receipts, and a pair of spectacles. From inqui- ries made, the property belongs to Charles Daloustel, of Collins-street east, who has not been been since Monday last. It is supposed that the unfortunate fellow has drowned him- self and yesterday the police were dragging the river, but without success. Lovers of thieves' literature may expect ano- ther instalment of "Days of Crime and Years of Suffering." Power is said to keep a diary ! Here is a chance, indeed, for sensational weeklies. By all accounts, the work should be most interesting. We give one anodote which has reached our own ears as a specimen para- graph of what we may expect. Power told his captors that he had not shot a man. An omis- peaceable men. One man hesitated. II told him he had five minutes to consider," said Power, "and then I would have shot him. Had I let him go, it would have been in all the papers, aud my game would have been up. I should have shot him, but I went behind a log and prayed the Lord to soften his heart, and when I came back the Lord had softened it." It is not generally known that Power was the right-hand man of Melville, the murderer of Captain Price. He was the "baler" in the boat in which Melville tried to make good his escape after that murderous exploit. The gal- lows was the end of the one — we are not yet sure that Pentridge will be the final fate of the other. Mr. Brodribb, one of the most eminent of our common school inspectors, has objections, as we gather from his report to the board, to juvenile elocution. He remarks : — "Much has been talked about intellectual education, and it may be very early begun ; but, assurelly, it is not intellectual training to allow infants to utter unconnected a string of gibberish, and to call that "learning poetry." The three instances following are collected out of many others which have actually occurred in schools. One child repeated to me — See the yellow cats skins cover. All the slender windows over. For 'cats' skins,' read catkins ; and for 'win- dows,' read willows. Another child reported a new fact in natural history — Secethe lark is snoring high In the bright and sunny sky. For 'snoring,' read soaring. One interesting little child startled me with— Hard names at first and threatening words, That are but busy breath. May grow to crabs and naked swords, &c.; For 'crabs,' read clubs.' The Argue relates that between 300 and 400 professedly "unemployed" men held a meeting, convened by placards, at the Polytechnic-hall, on Friday afternoon. Mr. Forsyth, the chair- man of the meeting held at the same place on Monday last, presided ; and the speakers were Messrs. Hickson, Thompson, Shields, Doyle, Henderson, and Rankin. A memorial to the Queen, and a letter in reply to the despatch of Earl Granville, inquiring what prospects the colony held out to immigrants, were unami- mously adopted. These documents complained of the conduct of the Legislative Assembly in treating a petition from the unemployed with contempt, aud of the Government in expending public money on immigration without the sanc- tion of Parliament. They represented that there were about 20,000 unemployed persons in the colony, including 3000 miners at Ballarat, and 800 ironworkers. They prayed that neither Her Majesty nor Lord Granville would sanction any scheme of emigration ; and that the old colonists resident in London should not be allowed to interfere between tbe Imperial Government and the colony. The proceedings were, for the most part, of a tame description, and unmarked by anything like warmth of feeling. Considerable insight was given into the man- agement of mining companies, on Friday, at the city court, during the partial hearing of a charge of conspiracy, brought against Sigia mund Wekey, manager and director of the Aladdin and Try Again Gold Mining Company, Gaffney's Creek. An application was made at the opening of the case, by Mr. Casey, to have it postponed until after the arrest of the other two directors of the company, who were charged with being concerned in the alleged conspiracy to defraud the shareholders of the company. The bench, however, decided that some evi- dence should be given to justify a remand, and Mr. Casey then proceeded to enter into a long statement of the facts of the case, lasting about a couple of hours, from which it appeared that there were five directors in the company, of whom the manager (Wekey) was one. He had sufficient power over two of his colleagues, Messrs. Keogh and Capes, to obtain possession of their proxies, by which means he became a majority of the board in his own person, and enabled to carry on the business in the manner most pleasing to himself. It was alleged that he preferred a claim against the company for services rendered, and at a meeting of the directors, at which there were present only himself and Messrs. Pokorny and Schbaw, he suggested that the company should give him a bill of sale over the mine and plant in liqui- dation of his claim. Pokorny and Schaw refused to do this, and left the room. Wekey then caused a writ to issue against the company, which was served upon him as manager. Keogh, one of his party, was made a special bailiff to execute the writ, and Capes purchased tbe mine and plant at the sale. The three thus became possessors of the whole of the company's pro- perty. The case appeared likely to last more than one day, and when the first witness had been about half examined, a telegram was received from Wood's Point, announcing the arrest of Keogh and Capes, and stating they would be at once forwarded to town. The further hearing of the case was accordingly adjourned until Tuesday next. 