The Cataract Coal Mine. Hardly a mile from Berrima, stands a solitary weatherboard house, and by the side of this leads a road to the mines. - The vegetation is similar to that described in a former paper on the Wallaby Rocks, cxceptingfkat the presence of the pepper mint apple tree gives ii character to the forest. The peculiar tint of the foliage of this tree is, to my taste, melancholy and funereal— particularly whep the red trunks are blackened by a bush-fire — yet many admire their leaden tints. Occasionally we meet with trees of a pendulous habit, perhaps Eucalyptus viminalis. Tlie local names ot the Eucalypti are almost as perplexing as their infinite varieties ; and this extensive family of plants alone would be the study for a life, were it pur sued throughout the whole continent. Perhaps every district has its peculiar- species, while climate, soil, and altitude so affect others, that they merge imperceptibly from varieties into species in perplexing plenitude. I have not ob served the green gum of this portion of Camden in any other locality. This pretty little tree has a subacid leaf,- and in seasons of scarcity is eagerly eaten by cattle. During droughts the settlers sometimes fall it, that their famishing stock may feed on the foliage. This tree is the E. Stellulata. Humea ozothamnoides is a frequent shrub in all these sandstone districts. A pretty contrast would be made by planting this shrub with its fawn-white flowers, the lilac flowered variety found at Belphhi oil Bell's Line, and the golden-flowered species. Excepting such in terest as the flora offers, there is no scenery to_ reward the visitor for -the first few miles, when the forest breaks to reveal deep water courses and masses of sandstone rock, and the wildness of the scene rather increases until it culminates in the cliff-bound Medway, running hundreds of feet below. Ere reaching this, a few bark huts, the residence of the miners, make us aware that we are hearing the object of our search j and on the top of the cliffs are extensive quarries and some machinery. The view of the creek, making its way through a rock-strewn bed below, is extremely grand. The banks rise up in cliffs of fine coal and rock, and swamp oaks spring up on the margins of the water. The liills are clad in sombre forest and thick brushwood, and the masses of rock, hoary and worn, cast an air of rugged majesty over all. The descent, by the aid of the miners' ladders, is now quite practical ; when we first visited it, before the seam had been purchased, it was far otherwise ; it was then a matter of some difficulty and skill. From a wooded ledge we get a view of the Fall, which I have heard variously estimated at a depth ot from 200 to 70 feet ; in the face of such a wide difference, it would hardly do to give a height. The water comes tumbling over a rock, break ing into a shower of pearls, and, nearer the bottom, dashing itself upon a ledge of rock; whence it breaks into myriad drops, usually painted by a rainbow. But there is some scrambling yet, before we reach the foot of the Fall Midway is the tram, conveying coal to the foot of a cliff, up which it is lifted by machinery, to where the drays lead above. The natural features are all in favour of working this rich seam profitably. On a level with this plateau was a cave, or large crevice, beneath the cliff. In this was a clear, icy cold spring, while the whole place, even in the heat of summer, afforded a delightful cool ness. Many pretty ferns grew here, but none peculiar to the locality. Making the_ way into the darker parts of the cavern, many birds' nests were observed attached to the ceiling ; but the most peculiar feature was stalactites formed of iron percolations, some tapering and slender, others attached to the floor as well, and becoin- . ing pillars. While the rock above is sandstone, it has, in . common with much of the sandstone and con glomerate of the locality, a large admixture of il'OJl; which, being set free by water, is thus slowly formed into incrustations by the falling drops. When broken the stalactites are found to be composed of bright, sparkling iron, each lamina separated by rust. Many of these stalactites are again coated with filtered lime. It was a pity that this curious cave was blocked up in clearing a platform. _ Its ' mineral wealth was, probably, more than curious. ; From this platform we make our way to the bottom, through broken boulders and thick vege tation. Here Dicksonia antarctica grows freely, but never attaining the height of the tree ferns of the Kurrajong. The Dicksouise is the usual tree fern of tnis district ; but Mr. Woolis, in his valuable paper on the botany of Berrima and Mittagong, tells us that he found Alsophila Australis and A. Leichhardtiana. The latter ferns would appear to require a milder climate, as they become more rare in the greater eleva tions, and there only Dicksonia appears. Thus we did not find it at the Kurrajong, but at Mount Tomah, in an elevation of about 3000 to 3800 feet ; it nearly replaced the Alsophila. It would appear to prefer a trap rock formation. Huge boulders obstruct the bed of the stream, evidently torn from the surrhunding cliffs in flood time ; the water has cut' its way through the bed of coal, which is of excellent quality, and many feet in thickness. Near to the waterfall are two water excavations, and a third, apparently artificial. It is dug into the coal about 20 feet above the floor of one of the natural caves, and has a breastwork of stones and coal thrown up before it. This was the residence of bushrangers years ago, and a most out-of-the way and safe retreat. However, they were captured, though one would wonder how, as, seated behind their rude fortification they must have commanded the whole vale, and had the police in their power. It would seem that the smoke from their fire was detected, and their retreat thus discdvered, while their very security had perhaps^ made them care less ; or treachery may nave assisted. Now, only the cries of birds break in upon the lnnplinftss, while the grand scene, the falling waters, the prismatic tints, and the sound of the rapidly flowing stream, present a happy contrast to those days. . . , , Interesting fossils obtain in the cliffs above the coal seams ; but the rock_ is so hard that it is almost impossible to obtain them in per fection. I was told that impressions of ferns had been met with in the coal, but have not seen any. L Polygonum adpressum grows on the banks of the creek, above the Fall. It appears to be con fined to a' few localities in this district. Inter esting ferns and mosses are plentiful, and the rugged sides of the glen are rich in flowering shrubs. j The mine is not now being worked. ; In an article on the ' Wallaby Rocks,' a few misprints occurred in some of the botanical names, which it may be as well to correct : — For Cliorestrum, read Choretrpi ; for Crypsandra, read cryptandra ; for -Eriostemen, read Eriop temon. ? A Dutchman's Answer. — Squill, I say fellow can you tell me where Mister Swackelhammer, the preacher lives r Dutchman— Yaw. You just walk the road up to de creek, and durn de pritch over de Bthream. Den you just go on till you cum to a rcjte wat winds woots around a sohoolhouse, but you don't dake dat rote. Well, den you go on till you meet a big barn, shingled init straw, den you dum de rojte ; round the de field, and go on till you cum to. a pig ' ?white -house all speckled over mit white, and fle garret up stairs. Well, that is my broder Han's house. Den durn dat house round de barn, and you see a rote dat goes up in de voots. Den you don't dake dat rote, too.- Den'you go right strait on/, and de first ding you meet is a hay stack, and de next is a barrack. Well, ffie don't lif dcre. Den you see a r house on top de lull; and about a mile, aridgo on in dere, and ax 'de' old vomen, and she vill tell better SB I can. 