MELBOURNE. Tuesday. [Herald ]-The prospectus of a new Meat Preserving Company has been issued-The millers and producers are taking steps to sell flour by the cental -The Ministry is not yet definitely organized-Feeding grains are rather firmer, and are likely to continue so until the extent of stocks is known - The weather warm. - Mr Ellery has been elected President of the Royal Society - Dr. Shar- land, M.P, is dead, he was 73 years of age Mr Akhurst, the author of several burlesques, proceeds to England in the Kent - A great fire has occurred at Christchurch, New Zealand, destroying property to the value of £12,000 The grain market is active, flour, at auc- tion, brought £11 5s to £12 2s [¿jnpire ]-Evening The steamer Blackbird bas arrived.-Mr Bowman, M.L A, has been accidentally injured while stepping into a con- veyance at Castlemaine- New Zealand papers to the 4th mBtaut report disastrous floods in the Otago province, and earthquakes at Cromwell -air M'Lean has resigned his seat for Wai konaiti in the Provincial Council Wednesday [Afternoon Telegram ]-Flour opened at £12 10s to £13-The Australian Alliance In- surance Company declines to reoognije the polioy upon Solomon's store, because he concealed the fact of the store containing resin-The ship Lincolnshire is engaged to take seventy Eve sol diera home The Customs revenue exceeds that of the previous year by £116,318-The weather hot [iceniry Newt -The Australasian Insuranoe Company repudiate the obum of Messrs Solomon and Co, on the ground that their stores con tained hazardous goods-The Argue, in an article of to-day, denies that Viotonan made sugar contains deleterious ingredients.--2 30 p m The Australasian Insurance Company have decided that Mr Solomon s policy of insuranoe for £5000, on his premises recently destroyed by fire, is vitiated Payment is therefore refused -- 2 45 p m Messrs Fraser and Co have sold by auotion the entire cargo of sugars ex Kate Con- ley, consisting of 4200 bags, with all faults, at £27 15s to £31 5s per ton for good counters. ?A deputation was appointed at a meeting held yesterday, to ask tha co- operation of the Government m introducing the cental system in grain transactions-The fiercest hot wind of the season occurred to-day-The English pedestrians' visit to Ballarat has fallen through, and the sports are indefinitely postponed-A man named William R Douglass bas been con Ticted of wearing female apparel, and was sen- tenced to one year s imprisonment-Dr Mousse is appointed surgeon to the Beechworth Hospital, vice Dr Slater deceased-One hundred and fifty tons of flour have realised £11 5s to £12 9s 6d per ton-Mr Byron Moore hss been appointed Assistant Surveyor General-A number of soldiers whose term of service has expired, together with invalids, ?ail for England in the Lincolnshire Wednesday [Herald]-The creditors of Mr Nicholls bookseller, have decided on sending his estate into the Insolvency Court, the liabilities are £6000-Itisrumoured thattheourtailmentof overdrafts caused one of the three late failures, and that such overdraft was given by Draper -The Barossa received on board four deserters but lost twelve others-Steps have been taken to establish an Academy of Art.--James Carroll summoned Captain Wood, of the Lis- more, for beug left at Grafton withont a dis- charge , the case was adjourned till Thursday, the Bench recommending the payment of wages up to the date-A child was poisoned at Geelong by Backing fly papers Messrs Dalmahoy Campbell and Co report the reoeiptof 1400 head of cattle for the week, which were all sold at about late rates, best beef is worth 20s. to 22s 6d per 100 lbs, and other aorta, 15s , 54-lb wethers are quoted at 7s 6d , 60-lb ewes, 7s-Messrs Power, Rutherford, and Co report having received 1300 head of eattle, principally middling and inferior, the prune sold well, but the inferior st little over ?tore rates The firm sold 300 head from the Bulloo, at an aversge of £5 4s Sa. for bullocks 30,000 sheep and lambs were yarded, many of good quality, but sales were very dull, and prices fell Is , they sold about 10,000 wethers and ewes, at 5s to 7s , heavy weights are worth 8s [Empire."]-George Nicholls, the bookseller, lias called a meeting of his oreditora. His lia- bilities are £7000.-Humours aro prevalent with regard to the impending Ministerial recon- struction.-Buring the last visit of H. M. S. Barrosa to this port, a number of her seamen deserted.-Messrs. Goldsbrongh and Co. sold by «notion to-day about 2000 bales wool, *>t good prices. Greasy brought 4Jd. lo 9jjd. ; scoured, 9d. to 15d. ; fleeces, Jld. to la. 6d. - There ia nothing to «ommonicate about Ministerial difficulties. It is reported that it has been decided by the Government to sell the Cerberus in England, and also to dispose of the Pharos here.-The Barrosa took away four deserters. Ten more are missing.-There bas been an immense bush fire along the Dandenong Banges. Arrivals : Lady Emma, barque, from New- castle ; Derwent, steamer, from Launceston. -Departure : Gem schooner for Port Mao joBnslL Thursday. [Aflerneon 2Wearam.]-rTh9 Wonga Wonga (a.s.) is sailing.-The weather is sultry and threatens rain ; a few drops are now falling (2 4 p m.)-The agent of English capitalists has offered to construct railways to Beechworth, Western district, and Gipps Lind on a Govern- ment guarantee of six per cent, and lease of ninety-nine years.-The Geelong Handicap gives Glencoe lOst., Warrior 9st. 71ba, Strop 9st, Prator 8st., Al 7st. 81bs., Misty Morn 7st; 71bs- Others range down to Tory Boy 5st 71bs.-The markets unchanged [Evening Neat.]-There has been an exten- sive fire at Clunes. The loss is estimated at £2500, and is covered by insurances, £800 of which is in a Sydney office.-The weather is very hot.-The Wonga Wonga has sailed for Sydney. Passengers - Mr. Richard Hill, M.L.A., Mr. E. Butler, M.L.A., Mr. Julian Salomons, Mr. Throckmorton, and Major Fan- ning.-Arrived : Omeo, from New Zealand ports.-James Stewart, formerly an officer of the British Army, attempted-suicide yesterday at Ballarat.-A movement is begun to estab- lish a Viotorian Academy of Arts. The Government has deeided to sell the Pharos 'steamer. -Jenner has deolined the Commissionership of Public- Works. Strop and Bishopsbourne arrived safely at Tas- mania.-Flour, £12 to £12 15B. 800 bushels of wheat, at auction, fetohed 4s. 4d.-The sugars ex Kate Conley, 4000 bags, sold at 27s. 9d. for browns, and 31s. 3d. for good counters. .^-Tobaccos were offered, but there was no competition.--Wool sustained last week's rates. 