SOUTH AUSTBALIA. Adelaide, Dec. 15. The Early Closing Association ,is can vassing the employers , of labor in and, around Adelaide to-pay wages on Friday, the 23rd,'; and,. Friday, , the ,30th instant^ land the can vas8prs 'are jneetang with ivery' general success. : -'i r-q -,i .-.iwij;i-i ?:.-? - i On Tuesday, afariAeri'Aamed'jfiHbrttet! IStockwell, living at Truro, d&tnflfittfed1; suicide by shooting himself The Council this afteriioon passed the Murray Flats Bill through its remaining stages. Dec. 16. The attempt of the Government to force the Port Augusta Bail way Bill through the House on a bare majority caused quite a scene. The Opposition used every effort by continual divisions and attempts to count'thc House out to impede tlie progress oi the bill. Sales of new wheat arc reported at 4s 4d, and old at 4s 8d. Dec. 19. Sermons were preached in several churches yesterday iu aid of the early closing movement. A large number of floating islands are coming down the Murray. The weather has changed, and there was a heavy fall of raiu during the night The cargo of timber per Kruseujoni is ordered on to Melbourne. The Jessica, from Liverpool, brings 2,000 eases kerosine. Dec. 20. In the House of Assembly, the Appro priation Bill was read a third time. The Government carried a proposal in the Port Augusta Railway Bill for calling for alter native tenders. _._ . . . In tlie 'IicgTslative Council, the Land Bill wus read a third time and passed. The commercial news by the mail is considered likely to favourably affect this colony, and the rise in the price of wheat in England is expected to strengthen the corn market here. The meeting of citizens convened to consider the waterworks question has been adjourned till Friday, owing to the slen der attendance. The meeting in support of the early closiug movement was addressed by a number of ministers and prominent pumic men. A letter from the Governor was read. It strongly supported the move ment. Tlie resolutions declaring the desirableness of the half-holiday and the early closing of places of business were put, and carried ; and a committee was appointed to carry out the objects of the meeting. ' A London telegram states that South Australian flax sold in London at 46s per cwt. The Biver Murray is rising again at1 Blanche-town. The captain of the steamer Kangaroo reports having seen the scrub on fire for many miles near Cape Borda. The Cargo of sugar ex Charmion, amounting to 6,670 bags, was sold to-day at very full rates, being an advance on last sales. Ceylon plantation coffee sold at 10£d Dec 21. His Excellency Sir James, and Lady Edith Fergusson sailed yesterday per steamship Penola for their summer resid ence at Kobe. The weather is fine and cool. A large bushfire was raging on Kanga roo Island on Saturday. MrTodd, superintendent of telegraphs, has arrived in Adelaide from the Far North. He reports that everything in connection with the construction of the telegraph lino to Port Darwin is pro ceeding satisfactorily. The material for 403 miles of the central portion of the line have already passed the Peake. In the Assembly the Port Agusta Bail way Bill and Gold Mining Bill h ave pas sed their third reading. 