CURRENT TOPICS. A nimour is current in Melbourne that Judge "Williams is likely to retire on a pension, and that his successor will be Mr Michie. Dr Kohner, one of the coroners in the Xorth-Kastem district, has been dismissed from office, for improper conduct in the discharge of his duties. A farmer named Thomas Morris was drowned on Saturday last while attempting, on foot, to cross a creek leading to his house near the Sanatarium, Keilor. His foot had got into a hole, and the water, which was flowing rapidly though it was not high, carried him down before he could recover himself. A cotton planter from the Sandwich Islands, named M'Leod, has been arrested in Sydney for the murder of his partner, named Truman, by shooting him in a sudden quarrel. An old man named "Woodford or Wood (a notorious pickpocket), and who is now an out-patient of the Melbourne Hospital, attempted on Tuesday to empty the pockets of a number of patients, who, like him, were waiting for medicines. lie was watched, caught in the act, and given into custody. 11c could not have expected much plunder, hut the ruling passion was too strong to be resisted. The hody of a lumper named Raymond ha; been found in the river Yarra. lie was last seen alive a couple of days previously. .Signor Yen, lately of Messrs Lyster and Smith's Italian Opera Company, sailed by the mail steamer Avoca for Italy. A division has occurred lately in the Camp street Baptist Church, Ballarat. The Rev. S. Finklestein, the paster, lately re signed, and has since accepted a call to Eaglehawk. lie received a pleasant part ing address from his late flock. Strong efforts are now being made to put down there Chinese lotteries whieh are found to be so attractive to the youth of the city. The youthful conductors of the Mel bourne omnibuses, it seems, have been do ing a little smart bit of business. Some of them, willing to turn an honest penny, in vested half-a-crown in the company's tickets, and having received three shil lings fiom the passengers they have handed the dozen tickets, for whieh they have paid half-a-crown, into the office, instead of the cash they received, thus making sixpence in the transaction. The new Torpedo Corps, under the command of Captain Couchman, practise in llobson's Bay every Saturday. The ship Cavour has reached Queens cliffe, after a voyage of 192 days from the Gulf of Bothnia. The crew are suffering from scurvy. The wife of a splitter named Bond, in Snake Valley, Carngham, died a few days ago under circumstances that led to the suspicion that she had taken poison. A medical examination, however, disclosed no traces of poison, and the testimony was "death from softening of the brain." The proposal made by the Government to Mr Cordon, C.E., of Madras, is to come to Y::teJ™-j;-and examine and report upon the woi'ks of water-supply. A proposal will then be made to him to induee him to remain. This must inevitably lead to great delay in proceeding with the works. It is stated that such glowing accounts have reached Germany as to the suitability of the soil and climate of this colony near Horsham for vine- growing, that a large purchase of land is likely to be made soon on German account, for the establishment of a large vineyard, with all the means for the production of wine on a great scale. Mr Turner, who was third on the poll at the recent Grenville election, purposes to petition against the return- of Mr. Thomas Russell, on the alleged ground of bribery and corruption, and for having polled a nnmber of Chinese votes—non naturalised subjects — greater than the majority which Mr Russell had over Mr Turner. An extraordinary meeting of the Tookey Mining Company (the Thames, N.Z.), is about to be called for the purpose of increasing the capital. A favourable report was read at a meeting of the company at Cal'arat on Tuesday. Two medals of the Koyal Humane Society were presented at the Treasury Buildings on Tuesday, by his Excellency the Governor, the one to a lad named Downie, of the Sir Harry Smith training ship, and the other to a boy named M'Lelland, of the Deborah reformatory ship. In both cases the lads, with great pluck, jumped jinto the bay to save com rades who had fallen overboard, were unable to swim, and were in danger of drowning. His Excellency complimented the lads highly, and promised that if their future career deserved it they would not be for gotten. The river Wimmera, which is usually dry during summer, has been flowing con stantly this season, heavy falls of rain having occurred every ten or twelve days. The growth of grass is reported as being extraordinary, and apprehensions of bush fires are nearly over. Heavy rains are reported as having fallen along the course of the Ifurrum bidgee, and wherever good dams had been constructed a year's supply of water has been saved. Everywhere in Riverina, up to Fort Uourke, and in the border country of Xew South Wales, the grass is fresh and green, and the sheep recovering their health A trainp on Tuesday stole from the Golden Hope Hotel, Chewton, a silver watch and pistol, and a deposit receipt for £210. He was followed to Castlemaine, | but had pledged the watch and pistol three minutes before the police arrived. The deposit receipt will be of no use to him. An act of cannibalism has been com mitted by the Luvoni, or wild mountain tribe of FijiaiiF, living only a few miles from Levuka. The victim was one of their own tribe, a chief, who had made known to i Thakombau the intention of the tribe to make war upon one of his towns. A miner named Jacobs received a Bound thrashing from some Chinese working at Shicbe r Hill. Jacobs was taking French leave with a Chinese puddling trough, when he was set upon by the owners with their bamboos, who got him down once or twice and soundly belaboured him. After I fighting against them for some time unsuc cessfully, be had to make a bolt for it. j The fatal coach accident, reported by ! telegram on Wednesday, on the Sydney road, occurred at Baddeginnie, and was occasioned by the horses starting before they were properly fastened to the coach. The driver held on to ■ the reins, but was pulled off, and passed over by the wheels, dying soon afterwards. The lady who jumped out was Airs Wells, of Bowman's Forest, and she had several ribs broken, besides being otherwise injured. Mr Whitehead (a passenger), and the guard were also injured. A commercial traveller Has had a narrow escnytin travelling between St. Arnaud anci.if ,'verre, on Thursday last. While so journeying, he was caught in a tremendous thwyleretoBn, While eroding a creek hia horse anil buggy were washed away, and he himself was carried a long way down and into the river Avon. He was washed against a tree, into which he climbed, and then, disrobing himself, he swam to land. He reached Tottington station, where lie was kindly received. The body of the horse was found next day a mile down the liver, with the buggy smashed almost to pieces. A cruel thing has been done by the authorities in St. Arnaud, in sending down in a dog -cart, in very hot weather lately, to Ararat Hospital, a poor fellow who was evidently dying, and had but little life left in hiin. When he reached the hospital he was unconscious, his pulse was scarcely perceptible, and bis breathing was rapid and difficult. He could not swallow, anl stimulants had to be administered by an instrument. lie died a few hours after wards. The poor fellow's name was John 11\. Powell, and the cause of death disease of yhe brain and lungs. The conduct of the persons at St. Arnaud who sent him on a long and rough journey when ob-, viously in a dying state, is to be brought under the notice of the Solicitor-General. 'Ihe bad history of a youngscamp isjthus told by the Coleraine Albion:—At the Belfast Circuit Court, last week, W. Bates was tried for assaulting with criminal in tent a young girl named Carroll, near Port land. He was found guilty, and sentenced to three years' imprisonment. lie had only been a few days out of prison, having served a sentence of a year's imprisonment for a similar offence. The young rascal will be known by many as a jockey a long time in the employ of Mr James Wilson, and especially in connection with the cele brated horse Ebor. That horse was being trained for one of the great races of the day, when he most unaccountably fell lame. "Wilson could fiud nothing the matter, but one morning, entering the horse's box sud ■ denly, he found Bates lying on the ground, and with a short stick continually tapping the cannon-bone of the horse's fore leg, by which process the animal was lamed, but no mark of injury was apparent. As may be supposed, Bates caught it pretty smartly, and was kicked out of the stable. In the County Court at Melbourne, on Tuesday, a general dealer of .Sandridge, named Bice, sued Mr Morley, the well known carrier, for slander, and received a verdict of £150 and costs. The alleged j slander was that the defendant had stated to Messrs Bayldon aud Graham, of Sand ridge, words to the effect that plaintiff had sold them a bag of wool which he knew to be stolen wool, and that it was not the first wool he had sold knowing it to be stolen. It was shown that in De cember last a bag of wool was stolen from Mr Morley's store, which was sold to llicc, who sold it again to Bayldou and Graham. It was also proved that, in consequence of the remarks of Mr Morley, Messrs Bayl don aud Graham had declined to buy any more goods from Kice, which had done great harm to the latter, be having been in the habit of selling them tallow, bides, and other things to the extent of about £100 per month, out of which ho realised something like £5 or £6 per week profit. Mr Morle}-, in defence, stated that the words be used were to the effect that the wool was not the first stolen property which bad been traced to the possession of the plaintiff. The attempt made by the Government to raise a naval reserve, on the same principle as that which has proved suc cessful in England, has not been so here, the retainer offered to men, petty-officers, and commissioned-officers being fixed at Jo 10 per annum without regard to grade. The men objected to- such a small sum, and also that no distinction was made in the various grades. They refused to enrol themselves unless some alterations were made in the regulations,-and suggested that able seamen should receive £13, second class petty officers £16, and first-class petty officers £18 per annum. Mr Francis found that no men would join his new corps under the proposed allowance, and he decided upon trying themagaiu by offering £12, £14, and £16 respectively. These amounts were, however, to be subject to the approval of Parliament, and fifty of the members of the brigade have decided to take their chance, and accept the offer. The death of a poor fellow named O'Neal is reported by the AValgett correspondent of the Maitland Mercury (N.S.AY.). O'Neal and his mate started from Uroka to go to some splitters for work. The dis tance was not over twenty miles, but it was dry and the day was hot. The splitters' camp was approached to within three miles by the wanderers, and then they imagined that the splitters had shifted, and retraced their steps riverward. The agonies of thirst coming on them O'Neal yielded first —his strength failed him, though a bale man apparently forty years of age. He lay down under a shady tree, and his mate, who was fast sinking, in compliance with his request, hoisted his blanket as a signal of distress. This done, O'Neal insisted that his mate should save himself. The mate staggered onwards, and coming on the Gideron road (an unfrequented bush track) he lay down to die, but that day came the only dray that had travelled it for months, and the poor thirst-stricken wayfarer was just saved from the jaws of death. Infor mation and search followed, but it resulted only in the finding of O'Neal's dead body. 