DUDDO. 12tli December. What with the heat of the sun and bushfires around us, the weather during the past week has been almost unbearable. The thunderstorm we had on Wednesday last, although heavy for half-an-hour, only laid the dust: the shower we had last evening passed over with a mere sprickling. The country around Dubbo presents to the eye a charred and desolate appearance, the monotony of which is only relieved by the small patches of dry grass here and there. Squatters have suffered severely from bush fires: miles and miles of fencing have been destroyed. The heat has also been the means of drying up the water on the back blocks to a great extent. The corn and potato crops will be a failure unless we get a little more of the watery element than we have had. The sickle is making great progress in the wheat, which will be considerably below the average of former years, but as for quality some of the finest samples have been grown this sea- son that I have seen for many years. The farmers anticipate a good crop of oats : they may have quality, but 1 doubt very much, if they will have quantity. A public meeting was held at the Court house, on Friday, this 8th instant for the purpose of concluding the necessary arraniîcmonts tor tho formation of a pastoral and agricultural society—H.M. Keightley, Esq P.M presiding Thochalr man, in a long speech, pointed out th« necessity ot having »bovi s at Dubbo «nd Wi Hingt on alternately, and that the 'town which placed tho ratj-t mouoy in tho hank should have priority of show. Mr. J. Penzer, J. P.. propos'd tho follow- ing resolution-That this meeting ls of opinion that a pas- toral and agricultural association, holding its shows annually at Dubbo, should r-o at one» formed for tho North-western district. Mr. W. E. Morgan. in seconding tho resolution, spoke strongly In favour of Dubbo «a tho centre of the Nortn wostorn district, and equi distant from Forbes, Orango, and lundgco. and Hie advanlag- (hatsqunttars would derivo from tho exhibition of their stock. A voto of thanks to the cholr tnun concluded flin proceedings rumio JOCKEY CM;n-This c'ub held tholr first meeting on fri lay 1 st, atflrlioli's Koyal rjotol. It was decided to form a new club on tho 1st Jnnuary, 187?. Mr. N. Muller was re-elected hon. sucrolnry. rho atlondanci of meinbors was (rood, numbering about thirty. Tho meei lng was ad adjourned to the 19th instant, at Brownlng's Overland Hotel. The cattle-stealing case against Robinson and Cubbey came on for hearing on the 5th Instant. Tho prisoners were com mkt-rt for trlat ; hall allowed. Tho furnlturo for furnishing our court-houso arrived Hiero during tho week. AI wo require now to pnparo na for a I c ruult court, is tho rxtonslon of the court-houso buildings, say twenty feet towards Macquarle-street. A valuable book has just been presented to Mrs. James Yeo, who has recently removed to Warren by the teachers and children of tho Presbyteian Sabbath- schooi, as a mark ot their appreciation of hor services as a teacher in the school. The magistrates alt to-day, for tho rovL-loa of the jury list. Tho mall was delayed yesterday, in conseqnenco of an accident to tho drivor, at th« Threo Rivers. The mall should havo arrived In tho morning, but did not arrive until alter dark. Trio weather has completely changed to-day. Very stormy, clouds lew, rain threatening, heat nat so oppressive 