SEASONABLE HUSBANDRY. The summer rains, while they have freshened the grasses on low-lying lauds, and baye given the rye-grass generally another start, have at no one time continued long enough to germinate the fine crop of seed that has been everywhere shed upon the surface. In'no previous seasoh have the rye grass pastures thrown so fine a yield as in the present one, and owing to the abundance of the feed, the live-stock has interfered but little with the seed stems. Thus the ground is literally'covered with seed; which, it is to be hoped, will lie secure until the autumn, when dewy nights and a lower temperature, even though unaccompanied by a copious rainfall, will afford it a fair chance of grow ing and becoming established. The showers that have freshened the young growth of rye grass have rendered the old wordless as feed, but should it escape bush-fires, it will fonri a most valuable mulching, and pro duce an effect on the winter pastures such as Victorian farmers have little concep tion of. A good many years agothe English farming world was much excited by an an nouncement made by a Mr. Gurney, that crops of grass might be trebled or quadrupled by a process analogous to mulching, the ma terial employed being dried vegetable matter, such «8 straw or hay unfit for consumption. Guroeyism soon became fashionable, and it has remained so until the present day, the only bar to its general applicability bong the scarcity of the requisite material. But it fa no longer known by the above name; the farmer now applies mulching or top-dressing as the case may be. About this mulching process thereis one peculiarity worth noting; it is said, and we believe quite correctly, to induce a greater growth of grass than applications of manure. The apparent growth may possibly be an elongation rather than a development of the plant, although Mr. Gurney affirmed that the grass was as nutritions as that which had been folly exposed. Be that as it may,experi ence has shown that in this climate mulching has a most excellent effect upon grasses, espe cially upon rye grass, which makes, under its protection, an extraordinary growth. Any farmer can prove this for himself by mulching alternate strips of a grass-field, with old stubble, old thatch, or such other material as may be available, providedpniy it be free from weed seeds. There is, however, no reason to avoid manuria, but the contrary, and if it is foundin conjunction withshelterUig materials, such as those above indicated, so much the better. As fresh stable litter combines these desirable properties, it is an excellent ma teriiilfor mulching; length is no objection, b"8 rather otherwise. It is too soon by a month to sow grass seeds on native pastures, or indeed at all. There is a risk in leaving them uncovered so early in the season, and when oovexed, they are not much safer- they are only the more likely to germinate before itisdesbmbletheyshoulddoso. The preparation of land for the reception of trasses is usually regarded as a weighty affair. It is unquestionably an important ^ matter, and j til one that is usually overdone, if attempted «t alL It is customary to re commend a great deal of working, not less thanfcwo or three ploughing* or scarifyings, in addition to other operations calculated to Mtson . tSltitti (he Irequentty; being (espe<ially in dry seasons) a very thin of thissort is to be found in the want ofj in the seed-bed. When laiid Is: wQrkeddeej?ly and thorontfily, it/ phpuld; afterwards be rolled as firm is a heavy farm) poller or presaer can make it, both before and; iS^l grass of «wwej being in ptoper, condition, ie., dry enough: fcotHipj ttatipgetheV. 'We :<*h*ot: here^ fft»t, ofaUiUscriptioM of eoil, nor is it necessary or expedient to do so; H is enough that#e tn grasses. Inpraottoe it willfrequentta be the surface .soil, to the s*a>U» of an moh or 1 another dedp wwrirfnU to «prep*re itrfor | of&e; trDpkfiWiih 'this: ohjeot, the harrows should be passed ovefc it, j pat the weed Seeds may be covered, ' arid: induced to geraiiuite on the occurrence of rain. The harrowing, if there be any,may i be repeated again moire than onoe to destroy: the new crop of weeds, and cause a fresh lot! Qf seed to germinate. When the surface has, thu^beencleaned the grasses may be §own,! and * heavy rolling should follow at once,! leaving the field smooth &ud; cleat). Sowing is a point of farm practice which is: performed in vfriousways. The common: plan has been the English one of sowing the grasses in a grain crop, by which it is supposed1 the cost of working the land specially is; Baved. In the , pooler and moister districts ; .little, harm js done bjr adopting this course; .on the other hand, little or nothing is g«waii j At best thegTassesare thin, unless the,grain; crop was a failure . it fs evident that both can-1 notarrive at perfection; whatone gains the; other must lose. Even in England the prac tice of sowing down grasses separately has of? late years found several advocates, and if it answers there hpw much greater reason have, we to adopt it in a climate noted for its aridity, fpr it is heat and the absence of inois tore during the warm season that militates against the success of sowing down grasses fn grain crops. Another point of practice susceptible of improvement is that relating to the Quantity of seed. In attempting to im prove the pasturage of a run or other huge area of land that is already capable of feeding the whole of the stock, it is more economical to sow thinly at first, and trust to the annual deposition of-seed to thicken the sole. But it is not even economical for a farmer who has the means of supplying as much stock as his land can carry to waste years on the formation of a pasture-ground. It will be more profitable to sow a lessor area thickly, than a large area so thinly as to permit of the. growth of weeds and rubbish, for that is one1 great effect of economising in the matter of seed. A liberal dressing does not only pro duce the best .sole in the shortest space of time, but it is not until the sole becomes solid and unbroken that the pasture becomes able. to keep out even a slight drought The prevalence of pleuro-pneumonia in districts traversed by cattle coming from New South Wales has induced Mr. James Turn bull, of Emu Flaps, to draw the attention of Victorian cattle-owners, through our columns, to the danger (hat menaces their interests, in order that steps may be taken to obtain pro tection against further risk. "Daring the last three or lour months," writes Mr. Turn-' bull, "there have been several mobs of both store and fat cattle (all from the Sydney side of the Murray) travelling through this district either to Melbourne or other western markets, which have been very badly infected . with pleuro-pneumonia. What I complain of is that the owners of such cattle, instead of killing and btuning any beasts infected, leave them behind to scatter the disease broadcast, through the districts, to the utter rain of many a straggling fanner. Bear in mind that in every case these cattle have come from Sydney, which {Joirernment, some few years ago, were ao very strict in preventing all Vic to-, rian cattle from crossing their borders. Know ing your well-known advocacy of the cause of justice I leave the matter in your hands." A remedy for this dangerous state of things may possibly be found in Part IIL of the Diseases of Animals Act 1864, which au thorises the Governor in Council to proclaim " cleta" districts, and provides that after such proclamation no oattie, unless certified to be free from the said disease by a; commissioner whom the Governor in Council may appoint tor that putposei, shall be taken intoany such district until such "proclamation is revoked.: The penally for infringing this act is a fine,' not exceeding £20, for eyery head of cattle so; taken into .any such district, or six months' imprisonment The districts in which the ; animals referred to by Mr.Tumball are lying cannot be proclaimed clean nntil the necessary purification has taken place. The' 38th section of the act provides for the de- ? attraction of affected cattle and their ulti-j mate disposal; but throughout the whple of; the«ectians" clean" districts alone a?e con- . templated, no authority being given to jus- , tioes to take cognisance of disease in districts that have not been so proclaimed. Without prohibiting altogether the ingress of cattle across the border' (and (hat is not tq be lightly entertained) it would be hardly possible to prevent the admission of in-: footed beasts. A meeting of cattle-owners in the districts more immediately c6n-j cemed would probably result in the dis-i covery of some practicable method of1 dealing with the evil, of which , a little has been heard at intervals for several months* past, but which now appears to be attaining larger proportions. , The Alburn Banner, in which the letter of, Mr. Adams, surveyor-general of New^outh Wales, appeared, announcing thepreseuoeof oidium in "full activity" insomeof the! Corowa vineyards, is now of opinion that! Mr. Adams has rtade an incorrect diagnosis. It seems thatlfcejeaie ''scars'' oathe henries! ?which are i^erred by k>toe of tibe vignerons to hailstorms, and byothers to the V blight,! with which allare familiar, fnd which Exists) moreorles^in theirTiaeyardsin every sea-' son," «.? fimmer' 'faaQB#:; '.pirn ' affw&n;^ "mildew.* ju>4 » throagh wdwo-j soopical'axatoination. It pertindntlyobservos' that" tti* matte* is pne on whlbh-a district! a staple iniastryi feMehm ta prot*rtion to-the amfAs <m>p which isnow fast ripening In the Murray vineyard*. in niakxng .these statements otir cop temporary seas occasion to regratth« absence of a local vmegrowetB* auocutioa, ®o organ isatfonthat should bo fpund in every wine-prodncing district. With ariew.totjd .njjhgwork of determining the trae eh*> tha dfaewe, m:ta*it® groWKk whose vineyards it is present to send speci mens carefully packed in tin case* {saccha rometer cases would be conranient) to the office of this paper. - Another danger to winegrowers has experienced for the first time by Mr. tucas, °l " e > whohas made his complaint to 1MXeghterM which the Utter ol his manaser appears. The evil is, this time, in tbe cottar; the Casks are pierced by an insect, whichmakes Boies the aze of a wax match in an incredibly short space of time. Thesfc insects ate sob. Posedto have been introduced la Mate old £>rt wjne casks; and they probably were to, a* tfcey are known in the London docks f* well as in Continental cellars. In this conn try also they are prevalent, and as borere of dl sizes are to be found in oar growing tim ber those in question nay possibly be natives. ?tom,^nrt°P£i prevent thefrattacks .in ?!? the lees of port wine (finings and a J), and apply it of the consistency of mod aUover the ie ta betimesT cewary to stop hundreds of holes far them^ the®. Peg®, and cutting them off smoothly. Painting is ato remedy; bnt whatever the coMge, it must be followed up. Our Ade weZSTPOr??r ,Oe?li00S kero8ene «s the thf- *0?lld m °r scare away i. .Si"""*"T1' the moe- cslUr \- occasional ahowera do not seem se vT Y affected the of bar. IT »n » earlier dfcWcto the crops are all safe, except from fire, and the Jblfrf'v ?aV® in ffiany ,cases reduced even thy nsk to a minimum. In the Coolest, and consequently latest, districts, thTimafe harvest has not progressed far towards completion. Less has been heard this season than for man* jean past of the **r5tTof harvest hands, and of the coat of 01 We 0084 of their labour. Few districteha^ experienced any difficulty Mr^If ,For manF weeks it has been d^i^tdatryt08peak of badcwpsS defective yields. In connexion with this, it is notewpr% that the failures havTb^ the older agricultural districts, and ^at new land has, in somTcaS. abided supenor results. Such; acoS jng to a local contemporary, has been the case on the free selections on Md ***«*«. where m tailureg of crops are reported. This locals 80 ,on* from drought, Ssrt length had a turn of good fortune, and it has 8t0r° ot wheat- although de. ^ the means of tliresbing. At Ingle ^yild0f 53 bMhelsofTatsper acri L recorded. On the Goulburn, rust has rednmvi stackt^*' ®?me ^ tl» crops are still on. stacked. At Goornong, threshing ie neariv over, but complaints are made of the small rf'fi **"* ^ ^ht,,M8 of the «nun. The deficiency ranges from a thud to a half of the anticipated yield. One I J*bt J"*** | 10. Those who have from is to ie S!!00^ T1 f°rhmate" The dampness of ^^nosp^e has interfered with thrashing at Stockyard-hill, but a reasonable avenge J®8? expected. From Maffra, in Gipps Land, comes a favourable report J' for though the yields are less than anticipated, 20 to 25 «b'S?tPer Mi nuet be regarded as fairly , m parts of the "Bacchns Mush distnctn^orts are not good. Melton wiU give an average of six bushels; Wynd ha-has got some good hay crops, but in Bollengarook the crops are lights except where they followed potatoes. Oats seem to have died away, *od the wheats have suffered considerably from rust Thus, upon the reports are not much better than 