SOMAIMERC1A L. WAGGA WAGGA, Friday. Tun.wdoathor during the past wookl has been warm, dry, and geonial; and the country being well grassed, water abundant, and the prospective demand for fat stook, induced by the operations of the moat-pro oserving companios, being unlimited, the prospects of the winter are mrst hopeful. In the Victorinn mar. hots, owing to the largo numbor of fat cattle forward, prices haveo not recovered; but as lent will be over with the close of the present weekool, the consumption q tgent will increase; and the heaviness of the sup pli*s.of"e ist few wooeeks' not being likely to beo maintainod, the present depression can only ho re garded-n? temporary, and prices no doubt will speeoodily recover themseolves. In the Boechworth distriot some alarm has been occasiohfbd by the out. broeak of plouro- pneumonia amongst the cattle. The disaose is said to be lkept alive in the district by'the continuous passings of infected, cattle from this colony, and the adoption of strong repressive man sures is urged with a view to its stampingant. One squatter alone is said to hlav lost £6000 within the lnst feow wooks by deaths from pleuro; and the dis-; nsee, it is alleged, is very much more prvaleont than' the general public are aware of. Notwithetanding. the lateness of the season, disastrous losses from bush fires have occurred in the Murray and other districts of South Australia. Many miles of fencing and much valuable property has been destroyed, and in some cases even the dwellings of the settlers also. In the local markot fat cattle, owing to the continued glu in .jtilnournlO, navo slightly doolined, and even at reduced rates busines is lack and buyers cautious. Best bulloclis are worth from £5 10a. to £6. Mr. llair has sold 63 head for Mr. Mackay of Wallen been to iMr. R. J. iggins at satisfactory prices. Fat sheep continue dull, the demand being limited to local requirements. The demand for storo cattle continues unabated, and for any good lots coming forward high rates could bo secured. Good bullooks are worth from £4 10a. to £5. Storo sheep of all classes are in great request at hardoning rates, and with every prospect of present prices being main tained. Best wethers are worth from 6s. to 7e., and other classes in proportion. The following are the local stook movomonts:-580 fat bullocks (Mr. Rohertson's), in charge of Mr. Warby, passed on Sunday for Molbourno; Mir. Mate's store bullocks, about 600, passed on Monday for Kulki, bacl block, near the Yanko, to he fattened; 217 store cattle, majority bullocks (Mr. iMurchinson's), passed on Tuooday for Howlang, near Hay, sold to Mr. Rudd; MIr. MIcIay's 63 head store and fat arrived yostlor day from Wallonbeen, sold to Mr. Higgins of North Wagga Wagga; MIr. Striclland crossed on Thurs day with 170 head, nearly all bullocks, belonging to Mr. Jones of Ondow, on the Lachlan, and bound for Melbourne. A flock of fat sheep have loft Eunonya hroenyha for. the Melbourne market; 12,000 shoop belonging to the Messrs. Donnolly of Bywong, Gun daroo, have passed Ya8a for Wagga in charge of Mr; Donnelly.-Expross. 