MR3. LAURA D. HAIR, HER HUSBANDS, ' DIVORCES, AND OR1MES, ' CFrom the New Tork Tribune) ' ' ' Nevkh was timo hotter spent than by tho twolvo men who, iu Sun Friihoisoo, deoided on fho.'guilt of tho woman who calls horsolf Lnu'ra . Fair. "For" careora loss loatlisome, Borgia' and Brinvillors nro synonyms of want nnish - atrocitY. We are no belioVora''in' tlm practice of hanging, but so long as . that, ' mcthtid .'i$ ndojed as the highest expression of 'tho 'justice of. tits ago, wo sco no reason why a rational woman' who. doos deliberately. . murdor ; should not suffer 'tho ponalty equally with lier follow, man,. But wo noto ' tlio uni versal (and creditablo) shrinking from, tlio, hanging of a woman as ouo.of tho strong rgamcnts'ngdinst pro- scribing 'for this criraoj. it punislimont that cnnnot bo euforcod. Are wo to bold 'that, deliberate murderers of .tlio malo sos should bo hung, whilp oqudlly guilty oiios, who, being women, liavo fallen 'lojvor to roach that depth, should nut? Is it .wisq 'to'; bring law into eon- , tempt .by disregarding it ? , Or. is it wiso to liavo a law tho oxccutipri of which, in a catb |iko this, will . shook tho sonsn ot, tho ,oivilizod world, and mako ovon good men. hato it ? Guilty us is. Launi Fair, She is a woman. Sho may possibly bo-' brought to tho gallows — though wo grcatly.doubt.it but her 'presence thoro will mako moro; clear, to all tlio boibarism of hanging tho-iieqd of sbuio, pui)ishmorit'; for murder', that does not make tho clianooa ihi'avpur .'bf''cseapo 'foy rilnSli' tos her bo onormous. ,, ' " ' - Tho lesson from tho career of/this wotnhn 'cannot ho emphasized by minuto details !."qf hor,' 'Crimes. ' Her life, however, is too strongly suggestive' to bo pnssod without a glance. She was torn fn. Alabama,' arid through poverty nnd ncgleet,' reached tlio ' ngaj of woipnnhood without . knowing 'fjio' wliolespmo' ntiiios- phbro of home, -, Tlio fumilv removed to Now Orlenus wlion Laura was sixtoon, nnd.' lioro tho girl resolved to ontor tlio world under now oiroiiinBtanees. Bright 'in mind and exceedingly comely in person she-soon found full investment for her oapitaii. ' Slio caught a rich husbnnd. Sho wob eighteen unci ho wlis eighty. His senilo. jealousy drove. hor to' tlio romody of divorce s but wliilo tho action was .ponding tlio dotard died in delirium trouicns,' and tho ndvcntnrosB found herself . tho mistress of an nmplo fortuno. Sho married within a month, and in lees than three 'was '.the' widow of a . Buioidoi: ,Wilh tho semblances of 'docoiit sorrow frosh upcttjsbo took another bnsband, Cqlon'ol Hair, and tlio tS«(diO of tbo first running low, 6ho emigrated with this ono to Yirginia Pity, Nevada, wlioro sho sot up a hostolry, styled tlio " Fair House," Tho amiablo Oolonol made way for somo ono plso by blowing Ilia brains out, nstd tho incorrigible widow, 'stated with hor matrimonial ventures, essayed fame and fortuno on tho San Francisco . stago. Hem- wore tho artB, how- evor, which do not show to full advnritagb on tho . mimio speno, ohd/hor first . nppearanco of Lndy Teazle wua also hor last. . Ono conquest sho miido led to tho . .present scandal. Sho captivated tbo suscoptiblo heart of A. P. Crittenden, an ox-judge, arid an emiiumt lawyer. Frnctiomg all tho arts of a matchless cunning, she lured him from wife mid home, rubbing meantiuio of all she could got. With his monoy she pensioned . Iior, mother comfortably, nnd ro-ostablishod horself in . tho Fair House in Yirginia City. Wliilo still intri guing with Crittondon sho mat some ono .possessed of monoy, i nd mndo bcrsolf his wife. Without identity or apparent purpose this fourth " husband " flits aim- , lessly across tho hideous scene. It suited tho whim of Jezebel to remove this Naboth that sho might male hor way into a neighbouring vineyard, eo sho shot . ;him. This, at any rate, was eand id ; bill oven N ovodn . justico frowned at it, and tho o.nobnntross was brought to trial. Sho was doforided by Crittondon so olo-' .quontly. and ably that tho, judge, seems to liavo for gotten tho law and tho jury tho fapts, ' for sho was .triumphantiy acquitted. . Tko favourito of fortuno and favoured by iustioo supported hor melancholy widowhood a few months, and in 18G9 made a new mnrringo foast, taking to her ' arms n man of, doubtful morals but undoubtful wealth, ; wiiofigutes on . tho soeno bb "Snyder." Sho looked' upo.n Snyder's monoy, as it was good ; sho looked upon Snyder, nnd thought that Crittoiiden was better. Tired' . of tlio sanguinary. method, sho gavo Snydor tho ohahco of a divorce) and ho,' nmiablo .nop, furnished a situation which, when brought into court, achibrpd a legal sop-; aration within a, month. . Crittenden, during . these matrimonial' transfigura- ' . .tions, still iriaintainod. his fatuous dovotion to . tho . adventuress. Ho gave lier something like 70,000 dollars nltogothor. - At thq, timo'df tho Snydor Ppisodo lie, liowevor, sooms to liuvo rcalizea tho part ho was plny-': ing. Ho sont for his wifo and lhiiiily,; nnd mbn'ntimo informed Mrs. Fair that, ho could havo nothing moro to do with her.. Sho flooded , him -with le'ttors and donunoiations. Sho tlircntenod .an exposure of! his , relations with hor. -Receiving no nnswers ' to,' theso she thrust horsolf UDon him in his bflloo, and avowed horsolf his wifo. Sho dared him to bast hor off. Tho next daysho ahothimdoad as hoeat bosfdo his wifo nnd children, ' ",V ' ' Of -tho infamies of tlio I rial wb, hnyo' , lip purpose to., speak. Tho .yvprn out ploa of insanity, was' put forth,'., but tho jury worb not impressoil' with itf ' Tho woman faced hor judge and jury with , matchless nssuranoo,in tho very.faco of. Mrs. Crittondon, doolaring herself hor victim's " lawful wifo before God." alio held what is termed " advanced vioyvs of womnnhood," and somo of thorn alio has put in prnotico. Forhnps a sober contemplation of this fearful ease may convinco ln'dioe of,her way of thinking, that theso fantastic ; theories which strip woman of tho proverbial- attributes of tho sox can have no other logical result in praotico than .to rsduco woman to tho condition of > monster. If tho lfo of Laura Fair, who now stands, convicted of ono of hor .murders, is moro horriblo than tbo livos of others of hor school, it is not because her principles are any worso than thoso of tho average, marriugp ro- , formor, but bcoauso she bus boon-, mora consistent and courageous in noting up to thoir ultimata tendencies.' Yaltje of Pabdooking. —No littlo apprehonsiori is being ooeasionod to thoso of our puatoralistB wlio liavo not provided thamselvos with paddocks in oonsoquonbo, of tho continued dry woathor and iinmodiuto proBpoct . cf scarcity of grass. .Thoro hue boen no rain in this ' diatriot of any moment for -.five' 'months, and in the' sandy country to tho west and. north food is: rapidly disappearing. Bush-fires havo again hrokon out in ' ' somo places, and aro occnsiuuing great:: dostruotion, \- " d>iirning tho grass by tho . squarp railosi . How thoy ' ' originate is a mystery, but thoy must -.result, lit is con- ' ' ' jocturod, from gross caroleseueas in tho uso of fire.. -".In1 tlinjiAhbourhood of tho -town thoro is absolutoly, -. iio' Rrajand tho wator is 'honouring scareo and tho : 'orjeko-udggy. Tho town stock, both horses and eattlo. ' ' is perishing, aud tbo only hopo of- avoiding n general dooimation lies in the probability of copious rains beforo tho spring sets in; A brisk showor passed over tho town on Tuesday night, and afforded tompornry roliof, but tho woathor liaB againn cleared, and bocomo fine and cold. In tiro paddocks, food is abundant, and tho propriotsrs of tho largor runs will bo able to got 4 along for somo timo yet without serious inconvoniqnoe. . There can bo no doubt thnt tho paddock eystom tonds to prosor'vo tho food to a vory groat oxtont, and its adoption will onablo the owners of stock to stand many' a drought that would bo ruinous without reaOrros of grass being providod.— D. IterM. SmiBF in Pabdooks. — A 'good deal of projudico against kcotling shoop in pnddooks exists muring many sqnattors. It is argued that that tho fiooks--:got wild, '. nnd that groat losses nro sustninod during tlio lnmbing. ' Tho last is cortainly tho mos' foasahlo argsoinont usod ; ' but that it has littlo. foundation in faot, returns handed to ua this wock provo. Tlio incroasu from paddocked flocks in thoso districts lias boon fully equal,, if not suporior, to thnt given by uupaddooked sheep. Tlio winter lanibing in' tlio Duck Oroolt pnddooks (Messrs. ; \Y. nnd 1'. Riolinrdson's) wos as follows : — Tlio ayorago ; of tho lot was 97 per cout— ono flock out 10?,'nn(l over 100, nnd 5000 slikep in tho largest onolriBuro gave 91 'peroont. Theso figures ought to 'convince the moBt prejudiced that .''coping ahcop in paddocks is not open to nil tho obfeotions ooraisionally raised. It is n well ' known Tact that tho wool of paddocked shop attains n houvioi' iind.doiiBer growt.li than that , of. (looks .shop- horded. The uniinals also grow hotter arid mnko liibro flesh,. .On tho score of economy, paddookf. nro also to bo. oommoridod. ' A lambing' flock of 5000 oan, wo nro" assured by ouo of our largest squrittors, bo. tended by thrcoinon. : 'This is n Blight differorico to tho number ' wliioh' would bo iuiployed if 'tiiere woHo no.paddooke.-a- jhtblo Uisjxilch. , : Woot. — Tlio first 'frUit'a'of tho !'pastriral harvest or- rivod. in. Clermont yestoriiay in tho sliapo of sixty bnlos ' <yool from Yolfmig. ' ' Indopondoritly of tho ordinary : traffic to tho, si'nt.ioiis' rind Matikay, thoro will mow 'bo n largo number of heavy teams coming' in from that direction, und tho Municipal Couririil should 'keep 'un oyo to tho road. A few pounds worild vory much im- provo tlio orossing of Sqndy Crock, whoro somo nasty rootB aro loft oxposod, and tho Apsloy Oreok bridgo ought to bo made' seouro. ' 'It is ndt snfo now for heavy . drays, and if pnrtly brokon it might bo tho. ostue of a bad acbidont to persons travolling 'by nighty— P. D. telegram. ' ... .: . Hoiie RofiiE.— Captain Gray, of tho Groat Britain, and Messrs. Fright Brothors havo laid a Bchcme btiforo tho'Govoriunoilt for running stcainors via the Capo -oi Hopo. — if. AT. licrald. IJirTnEiiiA. — Mr. G. -B. HiorsonB, surgoon,' has commuuieatod to tho at. A. Afatl.tho following iriothod of fronting dipthoria : — I gavo my boy, a lad of 3 yoars, a -strong mustard- poultice .to ..-tlio f throat, gavo un ometio of ioocacunnha, nnd warm bath, all oi .which dirid 'no : influonco in .arrosting tho disoaso. : Next j nppliod finely-powdered sal acclos (salt of sorrel) by blowing it into tho. throat,, which hud tho offset 'of making tlio child vomit a Quantity; of glassy-looking mucous Quid; About two hours aftor I placed tho patient on mykiioo, whoro ho inbalod. strong fumos of snlphur, produced by placing .powdOrod Bulphur on hot aehoB. In nn hour ho wont to sleep, and remained asloop for ton hours. - On tlio following.moi-ning ha was convalosoent. 1 took tho grcntcst precaution to proyont draughts or cold,, and'prcservod in tho room nn bquul tomporaturo. Beforo. tho sorrel and sulphur woro used tho oyos woro of a pink color, lips livid, body clammy arid breath offo'risivo." Deliberate Railway Collision.— A curious rail- wav' corifcBt-is rcpjrted from -Illinois, 'Two , railways at Fooria disputed each other's right to run trains ou cvrtnin trneksl ' Ono blocked up tlio-Jirio'by -standing cni's upon it,'and on tho 25tli of April tlio otlior de- 't'oruiiubd to forbb o' prissrigo by mcaus'of'O'hoavy-train, ' hcridod by fivo locriuiotivos. The other opposod with , 'three engines, ' and bbth trains butted against oaeli ' othor for 'an hour, vvlion finally -tho flve-locomotivo t Jain cloarad tho track. Tho polico authorities rofusod to intorforo, rind each parly got an; injunction towards tho other,1 iii which condition tho quurrol stands. Nei ther now uses tlio disputod line, aud tho Ooiirls aro to dccido (ho right of both — if thoy can. " 1 sbntenqisp to Death.— Mrs. Fair, who, it will bo romemhorcd by our realtors 1 dolihcrately shot Franois P. CriLtonilnli on "heard e sterilner in California, from :tho offcots of which ho shortly afterwords, died, was sontcnccd to ho liung on tho 23tli. ultimo. . Groqt- ex ertions were niado by her friends to savo hor 'lifo. Aftor hor conviction, a new trial was moved for on tho ground that ono of tho jurymen, previous to boing sworn, "had expressed his opinion thnt sho was guilty. 'Tho caso was argued on tho 1st, 2nd, ,3rd Juno, whon tho application was refused, tho soutbnoo confirmed, and hor exooution ordorcd to lako plaeo on tho duto nbovemontirinod, tlio 28th July. . XM'antep a .Young Lady. — Tho polioo of Victoria, uccording to tho Notice Gazelle of that colony, "want" u young lady who is doscribod , as . ..follows; t — " Emily, Robinson, alias Taylor, alias 'Tlio. Flying Eiigirio, is olinrgcd, on : war. rant, with vagrancy, by tho Avoriol Bench. Eng lish 35 yoars of ugo, fivo loot fivo or six inclios -high, slender build, brown hair, fooo blotched and bloated from drink, apparently from hor conversation to liavo boon well- educated. Sho is notorious when excilod for knocking people ovor tho head with tho first weapon she can pickup. Gono to tioymour orKiluuire, amongst tho inon working on tho railway." 