VICTORIA PLAINS. Xh-m our own Correspondent. Things are very dull about here. Summer is over, and has left behind the remembrance of a very mild season. The weather continues cool and cloudy ; last Friday we had a fine steady shower of rain, which Listed sereral honrs. Stock of all kinds thrive wen so far; water holes and pools are rapidly going down, bat there is no scarcity of water. Bush-fires have not been at all troublesome or destructive thiii season. Native dogs, however, are about in great numbers ; sheep have been killed by them even in the corn-fields and bay-yards, tbe brutes squeezing themselves through a four-rail fence to seize their prey. Our Boad Committee, at the recent meeting held at the Police Station, unanimously decided to commence operations at the spot known as Seven-mile Spring. The Attorney General, who passed here on his Way to Champion Bay, and again on his return, is of opinion that a few pounds judi ciously spent would make a capital road from the Plains to Goildford. Mr. Walcott was travelling in a four-wheeler, drawn by two well- fettled horses. This opinion does Dot. however, agree with the teamsters, who think that this road requires a good deal more to be expended on it to make it at all passable. Economy is getting tbe upper hand about the Plains. Fanners are curtailing tbe number of their servants. Shepherds' wages are brought down to 50s. per month ; labourers to 33s. per ditto ; and so on. Hard times are certainly coming on as ; tbe labourer gets low wages, and finds it difficult to get em ployment. Many thought that after the session of the new Legislature the colony would go ahead. Perhaps it will by-and-bye, but at present I think we are going a-bead — over heels! A lending library, especially for working men, has been instituted by the Very Rev. Canon Martelti, of New Norcia Mission. It has been well received, and every one is anxious to become a member. It will, at least, help us to pass our leisure hours in a more pi ofi table manner than hitherto we have been able to. March 16, 1871. Government Gazette. — Yesterday's Go vernment Gazette notifies tbe appointment of Mr. Isaac Boomer Jecks to be Bailiff of the Local Court at Guildford, vice Jones, resigned. Tender accepted— J. J. H or wood, to make additions to Boys' School at FremanUe, fer £772 l»s. 6d. Education Mebttkg. — A meeting of the Roman Catholics at York is convened to be held in their Church on Sunday. 2nd April, to consider a petition to the Legislative Council in reference to a grant for Education purposes. To Corhesfowdbhtb.— Several communi cations are unavoidably postponed till next ITMk, 