Pastoral. As in the coast districts, the districts of the interior have again had unsettled weather during the week ending Saturday last. The heat has been very oppressive, as was to be expected at this season : but occasional showers have greatly refreshed the grass, whilst they have cleared the atmosphere. From the weekly etock report of the Vubbo l)ipatcKol the 10th we take the following The weather during the past week has been very changeable. On Saturday evening ibe rain came down for a abort time in tor rents. On Tuesday we had a heavy shower. Tkundr-retorme have occurred several times of late, lu addition to promoting vegetation, these showers will have the good effect of preventing bush-fires— a calamity much to be guarded against. Iu some parts of the district the rain has fallen more copiously than in the vicinity of Dubbo ; but the heat of a day or two dries up any superabundant moisture, and the roads become easily travellaMe. The weather at Bourke and Brewarrina has been intense; a good thunderstann would be attended with beneficial results. A gentleman who arrived from Bourke this morning says that lie encountered wet weather before he had been long on tbe road. From Coonamhle, we hear they have been visited with heavy thunderstorms, accom panied by plenty of rain, which caused a slight fresh in the river; the Meni Meni is said to be a hanker. At Forces, the weather during the week has been remarkably close end oppressive, and, although occasional rain has fallen, the atmosphere still continues close and muggy. Grass seed is no longer troublesome, and the lameness prevalent amongst the sheep is fast dying out. We hear of a few cases of pleuro. but hope that the disease will not spread to any extent. The country, for the time of the year, still looks splendid ; grass in most parte of Riverina being almost too plentiful. The Billabong country is said to be more heavily grassed than it has been for years : and the reports from the Merool and the Lower River speak highly of the state of the country and cendition of the stock. The weather at Desiliquin continues splendid for all pastoral occupation— genial and persistent rains moderating the usual summer heat. The Wagga Wagga Exprtsx of the 11th, in its wefekly stock report, says : — The weather during the past week; has been close, sultry, and unsettled, and a great deal of rain has fallen in occasional thundershowers. From all parts of the country we have accounts of heavy rains. In Vic toria and South Australia the fall has been excessive, and very high floods, causing serious damage, have been the result. In northern Queensland the rainy season has set in, and the country has been regularly deluged with witter. Large numbers of sheep are moving southwards, but the supply of cattle available does not appear to be numerous, and promises to fall far below the requirements both of New South Wales and Victoria. From South Australia, too we learn that the herds have been greatly reduced by years of drought and disease, and tbat no adequate supply of cattle is to be obtained in that colony, and there is, there fore, every probability that prices in the coming season will Meadily advance. In the local market fat cattle have not been quite so much sought after, the fall in the Melbourne market having checked speculation. A the decline! has however been caused by a greatly excessive supply, it ie not likely to be maintained, and an early reaction may be looked for; Fat sheep are very dull, and in fact are only needed for local requirements. Stare cattle are still in great request, and for anything like good lots top quota tions may be realised. 