CURRENT TOPICS. ~Dr Goold lias brought with him from bis Holiness the Pope the decoration of the order of St. Gregory for Messrs Archer Broivnless, and O'Grady. News of the honour conferred upon these gentlemen reached the colonics some months ago. A number of small diamonds have been found in the River Macquarie, near War ren, in New South Wales. Associated with them were rubies, topazes, circons sapphires, &c; One of the topazes, blue in tint, weighed 64 grains. A metropolitan Young Men's Association is about to be formed in Melbourne. A public meeting on the subject is to be held in March. A dealer named "William Mosa, of Pall, mall, Sandhurst, has been apprehended in Melbourne, oa a charge of fraudulent in solvency. He bad lately received a large sum of money which he omitted from his schedule. It is only about twelve months ago since he last compounded with his creditors. A hundred gold-fish were stolen from the pond in the Parliamentary reserve, :on the night of the 18th instant. 1 A man named Haines hag been com mitted by the magistrates at Oakleigh for trial, on a charge of attempting to commit a criminal assault on a married woman named Jane Wilkinson. The ch'^r."X-itness -Mrs Wilkinson-endeavoured in the strangest manner to screen the prisoner. A man whose name is stated to be Champion, a gunsmith, at Castlemain'Chas been drowned in the baths, at Sandhurst, having been attacked by a fit while bathing. A new freezing-machine has-been in vented by. Mr A. Goby, a coppersmith, of Lonsdale-street. east, Melbourne. It can make 4 lbs. of ice per hour, using, only one basketful of charcoal for"16 lbs. of ice, and about 1J gallons of ammonia. The cost of the machine is only £20. j1 The death of Dr. Alexander, formerlv of the s.s.. Great Britain, which lately took place in Mr Harcourt's private asylum, Richmond, was caused by exhaustion from want of food, which he persistently declined 'to take. He had long suffered from melan cholia. By the use of strong do3es of ammonia a ?man named Thomas Caughlan has been saved from the effects of a severe snake bite, at Goodwood Station, near Warr nambool. .. : The Head-quarter's Band of the Volun teers, at Melbourne, has been disbanded for want of public support. A meeting of the Campbell clan in New South Wales is called for at .Sydney, to raise funds towards a Princess Louise souvenir, on the occasion of her marriage to the Marquis of Lorn. A considerable amount is likely to be subscribed. Mr Montefiore, who has resigned the office, of Secretary to .the Australasian In surance Company, at Mel bourne, r has ac ccpted the office of secretary of the Pacific Company at .Sydney. ^ . _ The fou.i I ;tion-stone of an hospital was laid at Wan.; ? rntta on Yv ed uesday, by the Mayor of tho borough. It was made a great daj'there. The Warraambool Stearapacket Com pany have agreed to increase tiieir capital for the purpose- of buying a larger and more powerful steam vessel than the Edina far their traffic. Two vessels would then .be; employed by the Warraambool Com pany, and it is said there is trade enough for both, v . Reeds ten feet in length have been taken from Iiake' Wendouree (Baliarat) this season. - We learn that a Japanese troupe of performers, engaged by Mr J. Smith for tiiese colonics, will arrive in ; Melbourne in a few" days.' A bush-fire occurred on Caramut Station on the 21st .instant, but fortunately no further damage was done than the burning of some hundreds of acres of grass. Letters from Bowen in iSTorth Queens land; state that two or three days' of fine rain had given a healthy tone to vegeta tation. In that time four inches of rain had fallen. Pine apples were a drug. A German had succeeded in growin" some good grapes. The first ripe oran^^g hgd t>een cuiied. Good wheat had be'en'p?* duced by more than one of the farmers. The Sugar-growing Company had failed from want of adequate support. An application was on Wednesday made to the police-magistrate at Melbourne by Mr Fred: Wiilou^hby, for a criminal sum mons against Mr GV K. Jones, in conse quence of some remarks made upon him by Mr Jones in his speech at .Balisrat on Monday last. As the words complained of, however, were spoken, and not published, a criminal summons could not be issued, and consequently a civil action has" been commenced, legal proceedings have also been commenced against the Ballarat Star and Courier, for not apologising for their publication of the slander. The Ballarat Courier takes the oppor tunity of the proposed supply of -water from a Government reservoir, near Sandhurst, for that town, to take the Government severely to task tor its noa 1 encouragement of pipe-foundry compa nies. Only six-inch pipes, it appears, I are available, while twelve-inch pipes are required. Such a foundry would long a"0 have been established in Ballarat or Mel . bourne if the slightest encouragement had been offered to the founders. " The pipes," says our contemporary, "could be manu factured of any pattern and any calibre quite as rapidly as in England, and thus fully six months' time would be saved on each contract. Furthermore, as every pipe would be tested on the spot there would be fewer flaws and breakages, a consideration of some importance to companies if not to Government chief and resident engineers. This is altogether apart from the employ ment which one or more pips monufactorics would give to the hundred of ironworkers now subsisting upon chance jobs. This of course is a matter if no consequence to Mr Peter Lalor and the patriotic gentlemen comprising the CIunes Water Commission, nor yet to the- mere importing firm?, but happily of the greatest moment to all true Victorians." Although the anniversary of. the birth day of Scotland's great poet-Bums-was passed over iq Gcclorig without notice from the sons of St. Andrew, it,; was not so ia Ballarat. There 80 or 90 of them sat down to a dinner at the Edinburgh^ Castle Hotel, to celebrate the day." The Mayor of Ballarat was in the: chair, and the ex Mayor was also present.. The tables were well spread with various viands, including oaten cakes, sheep's heads, and haggis, golonijl v/ipe, and Scotch whisky. °fhe room in which the company sat y,*as . taste fully decorated with Scottish emblems, and during the evening Scottish songs and recitations, with a few items from the lite rature of other nations, made the company lyery sociable and happy. The bagpipes played at intervals in an ante- chamber. The chairman, after the edibles and pota bles above-mentioned had been done justice to, proposed the usual loyal toasts, adtHngS to them the health of the Marquis of Lorn. In proposing " The Queen,'* he adverted to the warmth of feeling which was ever displayed by Scotchmen for their own soil, and quoted from Burns in support of the views he enunciated.' Toast and song then followed each other, and the company did not separate till an early hour. A remarkable suicide was discovered.on Wednesday evening in the Survey Pad dock, Richmond. The dead body of a man was found hanging from the branch of a tree in the paddoclc, with a rope round his neck. The remains were those of a person about forty years of age, 5 ft. 7 in. or 5 ft. 8 in. high, fair hair, inclined to curl, slender build, and dressed in a grey freize sac coat, bound with black braid, a grey ribbed ander-flannel, grey cotton socks, elastic-side boots, and a soft grey felt hat. In one of his pockets was found a letter enclosed in an envelope, on which was written, " 1'Iease open this and give it to the police." Inside the envelop^ wm a sheet of note-paper, on which wai Writttt ?» certifirnn MBf il Arthur Hicks, of Phillip Island and Scbnapper Point, Morniugtou. I have been drove mad by my wife." God A1-' mighty have mercy on" my soul, and for-: give my wife." The body was removed, to the .Bridge Inn, where it awaits identi liatiou. Bishop Goold, on Sunday last, imme diately after his return from Borne, and before he Had time to study the Education Bill himself, spoke in St. Patrick's Cathe dral as follows:-""With reference to the vital question of education, I learn with grief and shame that a biil is now before the country, and will soon be laid before the new Parliament, which contemplates nothing less than spoliation and "persecu tion ; and that, too, in a country which boasts of being, in both civil and religious, matters, the freest in the world." It is, of course, apparent that the Bishop has been iDmewhat misinformed. He was told in an address presented to him on the Sunday morning, that the Education Bill "wiil deprive the Catholics of Victoria of their dearest and most cherished right-that of bringing up their children in accordance with the principles and dictates of our holy religion. The measure itself contemplates nothing less than direct spoliation." So far from " direct spoliation" being pro posed, the Bill might be read, and was read, as contemplating payment tor all existing school buildings, leaving the money to be appropriated to the use of the sect owning the buildings, although many of snch buildings were erected by State aid. Instead of despoiling the sects, the Bill, as it stcoijjiefore the explanation in the Chief Secrecy's address, appeared to endow them liberally. As it is, every penny the sects have spent upon school property is to be returned to them, to do what they like A very great amount of dissatisfaction exists among the members of the "Volunteer force, owing to the unsatisfactory mauuer in which the Government have dealt with . them in the non-issue of the fifty-acre land certificates, to which those men who were . in the force at the time of the passing of ? the Volunteer Act of 186.1 considered them selves entitled. Many of them who were effective in 1864 considered that their time would count from the commencement of that year, and acconlingly in 1869 claimed the land certificate. They were then met with the objection that their first year of service would not count as effectives, and when the}r served a further term to make up the full time, they were informed that the Land Act of 1869 annulled the provi sions of the previous act relative to land certificates. This did not satisfy the men, who had expended a considerable amount of time and money in rendering themselves effective throughont the whole term of their service, and accordingly early in the present year a number of them sent in their applications for the 50-acre land certificate. "Within the last week some of them have had their applications contemptuously sent hack without a word of comment, while others have had no notice taken of their communication. We liave already mentioned that the Commissioner of Land and the Surveyor General have commenced the very proper: task of naming coun ties hitherto unnamed,:: and re-naming places only known at present by some of those strange appella tions given to' them by the diggers or shep herds in the early days of the gold-fields. Commencing with the counties nea to the Murray and where the malice abounds, "we find (says the Age) the northernmost called iiillewa' (the native name for the Murray). "Then there is Weeah, the scrub from which the natives extract water in the periods of the severest drought; Lowan, the native name for the mallee hen; Karkrooc, sand; Borang, a broad large lagoon ; and jjr*itchera, a .large plain. Aara-Kara, the native name for gold, com- | prises the district of Stuart iUill, but also borders on the mallee conntry. Gunbowcr is the native name of one of the tributaries of the Murray; and Moira signifies a reedy swamp. Both these counties front the Murray Iliver. DeJatite comprises the country round Mansfield. and the name is that given by the natives to one of the tributaries of the Goulbnrn. Bogong lies to the south of Beechwortli. It is a mountainous country, and is resorted to by the natives for the purpose of procuring a large white headed grub, on which they feed, the native name for which is bogong. There is a high mouEjti-iAn Jfew South "Wales called Bitting, where these grubs are also found in large numbers. ISenambra will embrace the Mitta Mitta and the upper part of the JIurray. It means a mountain. Ve onnan gatta is the native name of the head- waters of the Mitchell, and comprises the country between Wood's Point and Grant. The Dargo and Tambo counties are both christened after the rivers bearing their names. Croojingolong is the Liitive name for the Snowy Hirer. It comprises the country to the east of the Snowy, and borders on New South Wales on its other boundary. Tangil is the native name for the Latrobe, and runs from the north of that river to Jericho. Buln-buln is the musical native nomenclature for the lyre bird, and this country, the last on the list, embraces the country between Uatrcbe and Port Albert. In Xew Caledonia the locusts have be come so great a pest that strenuous efforts are about to be made to ensure their destruc tion by the introduction of insectiverous birds from Australia and from the Phillip pines. A colonist named Sohn has intro duced the " laughing-jackass" - having turned six of them out into the bush at Dombea. The same gentleman has also set twenty sparrows free in the " Jardin d'Acclimatation." He begs "Messrs les Chasseurs" not-to shoot the birds. The] subscription raised in New Caledonia for the wounded and other sufferers in the disastrous war in Prance, now amounts to 17,699 frant«, and 85 centimes. It is observable that the English colonists in ' New Caledonia and the Loyalty Islands, together with all the Protestant Christians in the latter group, have freely subscribed to this fund. THE SEW PARLIAMENT. Sow that Parliament has been dissolved, md the dates of the new elections are fired, the battle of the elections assumes an earnestness it did not possess before. _ In the first batch, the pollinfr ?n which will take place in little more than a fortnight, urn both South Grout and South Grenvi'le, in both of which great interest is taken in the contest. "We append the follow-' iou notes of the latest election move IDPBtc: A meeting of the friends of Mr Alderman fiarratt was held afc the office of Mr Thomas Inglis on "Wednesday evening, to con sider the advisability of presenting a requisition asking - him to offjr himself a3 a candidate at the ensu ing election for Geelong East. The meeting -was numerously attended, nnd a requisition that; had teen prepnred was Ei^ned by all present, and left in the bands of a committee to procure further signatures. A copy of the requisition will b*i left for a few dnys at the shop of Mr Gfcorge Jtl'Oure, Moorabool street, for fipnature. It is stated that "Mr B. Goulaen "will he the Steiglitz candidate for South Grunt. Mr f-?-F.*!Levien holds his first public meeting on Saturday evening, at Drysdale. He has travelled over a good portion of the district, and has been well received everywhere. e understand that Mr Rees, of the Little liiFer, has retired in his favour. It is stated to be probable that Mr B. English, of the Duck Ponds, will offer him self as a candidate for South Grant. To this we may add that Mr Stutfc and Mr Lalor -were in Geelong last night, and that to-day they will visit the Anakies. Mr Stutt's address will be found m another column. "We may as well re peat here that the nominations for South Grant and South Grenville will be made on the 4th February, and that the polling will take place on the 14th. The candidates. Bo far ag is known, are- Mr Cunningham, MrStutt, and Mr Lalor (the old members), and Messrs Isevien, Smale, Kiddle, and Macpherson. I .In South Grant Mr Connor is being very vigorously opposed by Mr William Robert' Bon, iun"* 1 The following new polling-places have keen gazetted For South Grant-East South Ballan-for Grenville, Buninyong East (within division) Buninyonj;; Birre 'gurra',' in "Wincholseu. West, and Ondit ia Colac division, foe Polwarth i;aii South Grenviile. Mr W. H. Gresaam lias been successful ia finding a constituency -which should agree with the principles he laid down in his address and invite hiui to become a candidate. Having received a requisition signed by a large number of influential residents of Evelyn, requesting him to stand for that district, he held a meeting of electors on Tuesday evening at the court house, Anderson's Creek. The building was crowded, and a largo number were unable to obtain entrance. Mr Lewis Grant presided as chairman. Sir Gresham met with a flattering reception, and his speech was listened to with great favour. At its close an unanimous vote was pissed on behalf of the candidate. Mr A. K. Smith was to address the electors of North Melbourne this evening. Mr David Grieve Stobiehas asked for the support of the electors for West Bourke. Mr Patrick O'Brien and MrX. L. Smith have both addressed the electors of South Bourke, and the ? latter' was to meet the electors at Hawthorn this evening; Sir Nathaniel JLevi repeats the declara tion of his intention to contest East Mel bourne sinsle-handed. Messrs Bees and. Pontland, of "Williams town, are spoken, of as opponents to ilr Mason at "Williamson. Mr Macdonnell.ex-Attoraey-General, will stand, it is said, for Eichmond. ? At Heathcote, Mr Macgregor has had an unfavourable reception, as only twelve hands out of two hundred were held up in favour of a vote of conSdenco in'him.',. v Mr Miller, has addressed ;the' electors of Middle Creek, defended his land transac tions, and expressed himself in-favour of railway, extension via Creswick and Clunes, rathPr than from Castlemaine to Mary borough. Mr T- M. B. Miller has issued an' address to the same constituency. * Tiuiuonr has it that Mr Henry Cldfrkson, J.P., will consent to stand for Mary borough. It ia stated that a well-known justice of the peace-Iooking to his own interests for the forthcoming 'election-has (says tho BaUarat Evening Post) refused to sign any more summonses until the contest has been decided. The policy of tho Government is officially announced in the address of tbo Chief Sec retary to the electors of Mornington, which is published zn the Melbourne papers. On Saturday eveniag Sir James M'Calloch will .enter into details, and explain more fully the Ministerial view, and his personal anti cipations. SIK JAMES M'CTJLLOOH'S ADDRESS. Sir James M'Cnlloeh'a address to the electors of Mornington is published in the Melbourne papers of Thursday. The fol lowing are given by the Ministerial organ as the leading points of the programme - "1 The leading position 13 given "to the long-deferred Education question." , : The* Government, in accordance with the Bill they tabled last session, insist upon com pulsory education,- the State providing schools and secular teachers, and allowing the use of the building to the sects for the purposes of religious instruction. Denomi nations which have contributed to the erec tion of schools are to be repaid the amount .of those contributions.. This definement of. the endowment bf, the* sects, that they shall be recouped money out of .'pocket, removes the one substantial objection to the Ministerial scheme. ' "2.. The Ministry submifcthat the time has arrived for a calm and friendly reform" of the Constitution in reference to the Tipper House. The proposal is to reduce the tenure of office of members to five years, and to deprive the Council of its legal right of rejecting Money Bills * which have passed the Assembly in two succeeding sessions in one Parliament, and again passed?the Assembly in the first session of the next succeeding Parliament.* " 2. The electoral law is to be amended, with a view to make representation conform to population. .That.the .Government.have: taken up this question earnestly is a matter for congratulations, The unwieldy character of sooie of our constituencies" .absolutely, disfranchises a large portion of the electors.1 "4. Sir James M'CullocU pledges the Government to;eiert its utmost influence in favour of a Bill'enabling two or 'more of colonies to make preliminary arrangements for' a Fedoral union; Ministers "recognise that Federation, "desirable as.it is, cunnot be obtained at a leap/' Their 'propoaition-is to work our wa-yupto it by means of;a customs--union,. a postal. union, and /a. general defence scheme./ The 'neutrality' 1 idea they dismiss as. inconsistent-with our j position in the Empire. | "6. The Land Bill is. to be immediately ; amended, in order to' give full effect to I tho liberal intentions of its framers.rr .3jlr 31'Pherson has hitherto fouud his . hands tied by legal difficulties. These bonds are to bo broken. The. "selectors who have taken up auriferous lands required by the miner will be allowed to occupy the same. at a nominal rental, so soon as be has paid his £L per acre. No higher price will be demanded from any. selectors except for town or suburban lands. Sir James M'Cul- ! loch honestly claims the credit of * unlock ing the hinds/ and he is now ? merely com pleting his task-making the: unlocked gate swin<f freely on its hinges.. s : - "7. The Government are .prepared to revise the tariff in any points where'incon sistencies or inequalities can be 'pointed out. * They are not willing to .upset a fiscal scheme which has worked well as regards raising revenue - and encouraging local industries. : They will "oppose ..prohibitive duties. ; "8. Mining on private property is to be legalised at once. ..Other equally important measures of mining reform are to follow. "9. The Government pledge themselves to adopt an inexpensive system of railway construction. In that case the £200,000 per annum which the Chief-Secretary suc ceeded in appropriating for railway pur poses will, as he says, soon net the country with iron lines, without adding to the national debt. " 10. With regard to the subsidising of powerful steamers for the Cape route, the Chief-Secretary says that he must wait 'until the most favourable moment has arrived/ " 11. The construction of waterworks is to be left to'local bodies, the Government making the necessary, advances." ? -.i-iv"'; (From the AgyJ) The Chief-Secretary's address will :be read with disappoint ment by every one who has been in,the habit of perusing such manifestoes.' It is more verbose, more foggy, and less to the point than any docu ment of the kind that is within our recol lection. The few .distinct promises . it contains are thpse which have alreadybeen broken, many of them over and over again. When we strike out of the sentences de voted to the education question all the platitudes about which there is no differ ence of opinion, we come to some very cbjectionabie matter. So far from sec tarianism in schools being abolished, the (doors are to be more widely opened for its admission. " Facilities should be afforded to the denominations by the use of the build ings for communicating religions instruc tion." That is to say,Episcopalians and Pres byterians, Itornau Catholics and Wesleyans to say nothing of Buddhists and Mormons, are to be aliuwed to elbow each other and fight for precedence after the business of secular education has bpeji closed for the day. In dealing with the question of taking over the denominational schools and vesting them in the Minister of Education, Sir James gets into one of his densest fogs. In the bill which has been circulated it is provided that the Bchools and school lands shall be purchased by the Government at a valuation. It is now proposed to repay to the denominations only bo much of their own money as they hare spent on the schools. Bnt in troth not a shilling of church funds has been so spent, and why should a shilling be paid out of sohool fundB to the churches, especially if the churches are to have the run of the schools to a greater extent than they ever had before ? THE DISSOLUTION OF THE ASSEMBLY. A proclamation published in Wednesday's Government Gazette dissolves the Legislative Assembly from the 25th instant, and authorises the issuing of writs for the elec tion of members to be duly returned to : serve in the next Parliament. ! " GENERAL ELECTION. Writs for the election of members^ to setve in the Assembly will be issued with out delay £y his Excellency the Governor. The following are the arrangements FIRST BATCH* of writ, 26th January j jwrniaatfop, 4th February; polling, 14th February; return to writ, 22nd February:-South Bjnrkc, Evelyn,; Mornin^ton, North Gippe Ii nd. South Gii>ps Land, East Bourke, .WVst Bourke, Dalhousie, South Grant, lvipon and Hampden, Polvrarth and South Gtcaviile, Tilllers audHeytesbury, Dundas, Wiimnera, Normanby, Gronville. SECOND BATCH. Date of writ, 13th February; nomination, 22nd February; polling, 3rd March ; return to writ, 11th. MsvcK-KoiUiey, -Muvrav, Maryborough, Creswick, A.voca, Maudu rang, Maldon, Ovens, Crowlands, Ararat. THIRD BATCH. Date of writ, 2ud March; nomination, 11th Msrch; polling, 16th March; return to ' writ, 21st March-Kilraore, Kynetoa Boroughs, CasMemaine, Sandhurst, Belfast, Warrnambool, Portland. Ballarafc East, Ballarat West,JWest Melbourne, East Mel bourne, North* Melbourne, Emerald Hill, Sandridge, "Williamstown, Collingwood, Richmond, St. . Kilda, Brighton, East Bourke Boroughs, Murray Boroughe, Gee long East, Geelong Weak 