THE COUNTRY. Mr. John Hinclicliff, the well-known ama teur vocalist at Geelong, was on a visit to his brother near Mortlake, on Saturday last, when, being out riding, he was killed by a fall from his horse. He will be buried at Geelong to-day. On Sunday, says the Mail, Sergeant Drought, recently stationed at Castleinaino, exhibited signs of mental derangement, and it is to be regretted that the malady necessi tates his removal to a lunatic asylum to- day. The hot weather of tho past few days acting ou a delicate organisation is the cause. A four-roomed wooden dwolling-houso, with a detached coach-house, at tho corner of M'Arthur and Lignr Btreets, Soldiers' Hill, Ballarat, was destroyed by fire o'fc about half-past 4 o'clock ou Monday mor Q. ing. The house was owned by Mr. Ger ,rf!0 Clapliam, and insured for. £200 in the (office of tlie London and Lancashire Companv, and the furniture for £300 in the Norther a Com- pany. The Are is supposed to hriVo been wilfully caused. An inquest was held at Ballr,rat yester day on the body of the man wb'o on Sunday was found dead in the Bota'nical Gardens there. His name is Wm„ Bacon, and it soeins that on Saturday e vening he left his homo in Princes-street. Ballarat East. look for work, and war. never afterwards seen alive. The vord'.ot of tho jury was death from general Congestion of nearly all the internal organs, brought on by exposure to Bolar heat. It is not of frequent occurrence that a funeral is stopped by the breaking down of a conveyance. Phis was, however, tlio case yesterday, ' relates the Star, when, in a funeral procession in Ballarat, ono or tho mourning carriages broke down, and had to he replaced by another, sent for to tho under, taker's establishment. The broken-down carriage stood for somo time in the street— an "obstruction" which caused some specu lation by passers-hj'. A very destructive bush-fire occurred on Saturday, between St. Leonard's and Port- Arlington, by which Mr. P. Powell was a Bufferer to tho extent of somo hundreds of acres of grass, about two miles of fencing, and many small heaps of firewood. Mr. F. Harvoy suffered a trifle, through burnt fences and grass, hut his I033 is small com pared to Mr. Powell's, At ono time, writes tho Geelong Advertiser, groat fears were enter tained for tho homesteads of both those gentlemen, but by the strenuous efforts of many willing neighbors, tlio devouring olo- ment was controlled, and finally subdued without damage to huildiugs. On Sunfiay night, about twenty minutes past 9 o'clock, a fire broko out in Mr. Raeko's private residence, Beechwortb, and entirely destroyed the buildings and contents, causing damage to the amount of about £000, every thing being uninsured. Tho servant girl I ?tatos that sho bad put tho youu/TI/,, I <'. uCil, the eldest boy, who mlv in I other room, refused to go, "sorts that I this little hoy lit a matoh, ami wV„-„, " I stood up to put it out she observed tho I tares in tho bedroom to bo on fire Sh I deavored to pull thorn down, but as tho r"" I increased she took up tho sloepiug eHLl „ , I with tho ether children escaped tho be«f' I sho could. way I 