SOME CHAPTERS FROM THE RECOLLECTIONS OF GEOFF RY HAMLYN K WHICH SAM MEETS WITH A SERIOUS ACCIDENT, AND GETS CRIPPLED FOB LIFE. 'What morning is this, when Sam, waking from sDver dreams to a golden reality, turns over in his bed and looks out of the .open glass door ; at dog Rover, propped up against thelintel, chopping at thi early flies; at the flower garden, dark and dewy; at the black wall of forest beyond, ia which the magpies wore beginning to pipe cheerily ; at the blessed dawn which was behind and above it, shooting long rays of prim rose and crimson half-way up the zenith ; hearing the sleepy ceaseless crawling of the river over the shingle bars; hearing the booming of the cattle-herds far over among the raspberries — the chirr of the cicada, among the wattles.- what happy morning is this? Is it the Sabbath?' Ah, no ? , the Sabbath was yesterday. This is his wedding morn. My dear brother bachelor, do you remember those old first-love sensations, or havoyou got too old, and too fat ? Do you remember the night when you parted from her on the bridge by the lock, the night before her father wrote to you and forbade you the house ? Have you got the rose she gave you there ? Is it in your Bible, brother? Do you remember the months that followed —months of mad grief and wild yearning, till the yearning grew less— less wild— and the grief less desperate ; and then, worst of all, the degrading consciousness that you were, in ppite of yourself, get ting rid of your love, and that she was not to you as she had been? Do you remember all this? When you come across the rose in your Bible, do you feel . that you would give all the honour and wealth of the world to feel again those happy, wretched old sensa tions ? Do you not say that this world has nothing to give in comparison to that ? Not this world, I believe. You and I can never feel that again. So let us make up oar minds to it — it is dead. In God's name don't lei us trv to galvanize an old corpse, which may rise upon us hideous, and scare us to the lower pit. Let us be content as we are. Let us read that Book we spoke of just now with the rose in it, and imitate the Perfect Han there spoken of, who was crucified 1800 years ago, believing, like Him, that all men are our brothers, and acting tip to it. And then, Lord knows what may be in store for us. Here's a digression. If I had had a good wife to keep me in order, I never should have gone so far out of the road. . Here is Sam in bud, Bitting up, with his happy head upon his hands, trying to believe that this dream of love is going to be realized— tryiug to believe that it is really his wedding morn. It evidently is ; so ho gets out of bed and pays his prayers like an honest gentleman — he very often forgot to do this same, but he did it this morning carefully — much I am afraid as a kind of charm or incantation, till he came to the Lord's Prayer itEelf, and then his whole happy soul wedded itself to the eternal words, and he arose calm and happy, and went down to bathe. Happy, I said. Was he really happy? He ought 4v* TtoirA Iiaon * few tnrar-O TPfs)) liP hfi.fl 111 tllis ])f*3 IFilS fulfilled. And yet, when Jira, and he, and Halbert, were walking, toivri in hand, down the garden, they held this conversation :— 'Sum, my dear old brother, at last,' said Jim, ' are you happy ?' 'I ought to be, Jim,' said Sam ; ' but I'm in the most confounded fright, sir.' ' They generally are in a fright, when they are going to bo married, those Benedicts. What the deuce are they afraid of '! Our dear Jim was in anything butjin enviable frame of mind. He had found out several things which did sot at all conduce to his happiness ; he had found out that it was one thing to propose going to India, or No man's-land, and cutting off every tie and association which he had in the world ; and that it was quite another thing to do that same. He had found out that it was one thing to leave his sister in the keeping of his friend Sara, and another to part from her probably for ever ; and, last of all, he had found out, ever since his father had put his arm round his neck and kissed him that night we know of, that he loved that father beyond all men in this world. It was a new dis covery; he had never known it till he found he had got to part with him. And now, when he woke in the night, our old nierry-bearted Jim sat up in bed, and wept ; aye, and no shame to him for it, when he thought of that handsome, calm, bronzed face, fearless and quiet there, over the fortifications and the mathe matics, when he wao faraway, ' He will never say a word, Saui,' said Jim, as they were walking down to bathe this very morning of the wedding ; ' but he'll think the more. Sam, I am afraid I have done a selfish thing in going ; but if I were to draw back now, I should never be the same to him again, He couldn't stand that; But I am sorry I ever thought of it.' ' I don't know, Jim,' said Halberfc, pulling off his trowsers, ' I really don't know of any act of parlia ment passed in favour of the Brentwood family, exempting them fiom the ordinary evils of humanity. Do you think now, that when John Nokcs, aged nine teen, goes into market at Cambridge, or elsewhere, and lists, and never goes home again ; do you think, I say, that that lad don't feel a very strange emptiness abont the epigastric region when he thinks of the grey headed old man that is sitting waiting for him at th cottage door? And,' added Halbert, standing on th0 plungning-stage Adamically, without a rag upon him ointing at Jim with his finger in an oratorical man-' er ; ' do you think that the old man who Rits there i ear after year, waiting for hini who never conies, an -\ vuuig iiuo uei^uuuuib luuu uia juu wuu its guuu icir ii odger, was the finest lad in the village, do you think hat old man feels nothing? Give up fine feelings, Jim. You don't know what trouble in yet.' And so he went souse into the water. And after the bathe all came up and dressed ;— white trowsers and brilliant ties being the order of the day. Then we all, from the bachelor side of the house, assembled in the verandah, for the ceremony was not to be performed till eight, and it was not more than half-past seven. There was the promise of a very awkward half -hour, so I was glad of a diversion c iused by iny appearing in a blue coat with gilt buttons, and pockets in the tails— a coat I had not brought out for twenty years, but as good as new, I give you my honour. Jim was very funny about that coat, and I enoouraged hini by defending it, and so we got through ten minutes, and kept Sam amused. Then one of the grooms, a lad I mentioned before as bringing a note to Baroona, on one occasion, a long brown-faced lad, born ef London parents in the colony, made a diver sion by coming round to look at us. He admired us vflrv much, but mv eilt buttons tnnlc his nt.fpntfnn principally. He guessed they must have cost a matter of twenty pounds, but on my telling him that the ' whole affair was bought for three pounds, he asked, I remember : — ' What are they made on, then?' 'Brass I supposed and gilt.(So ho left me in disgust, and took up with Jim's trowsers, wanting to know 'if they were canvass,' ' Satin velvet,' Jim said ; and then tlin Major came out, and beckoned us into the drawing room. And there she was, between Mrs. Buckley and Mary Hawker, drcssod all in white, looking as beauti ful as morning. Frank Maberly stood beside .1 little table, which the women hnd made into an altar, with the big Prayer-book in his hand. And we all stood around, and the servants thronged in, and Sam, taking Alice's hand, went up and stood before Frank Maberly. Captain Brentwood, of the artillery, would give this woman to be married to this man, with ten thousand blessings on her head ; and Samuel Buck ley, of Baroona, would take this woman as hia wedded wife, in sickness and health, for richer, for poorer, till death did them part, And, ' Yes, by George, ho will,' soys Jim to himself— but I heard him, for we were reading out of the same Prayer-book. And so it was ali over. And the Doctor, who had all the morning been invisible, had only slipt into the room just as the ceremony h id begun, wearing en his coat a great star, a prodigy, which had drawu many eyes from their Prayer-book, the Doctor. I say, came up. star and all, and tnKint; Alice's hand, kissed her forehead, and then clasped a splendid necklace round her throat. Then followed all the usual kissing.? and conjratiila tions, and then came the breakfast. I hope Alice nnd Sam were happy, as happy as young folks can be iu such a state of flutter and excitement; but all I know is, that the rest of the party were thoroughly and utterly miserable. The certninty that this was the break-up of our happy aud old society, that all that was young and merry, and graceful, among us, was aoout to raice wing, auu leave us out ioiks sitting tnero lonely and dolL The thought, that neither Baroona nor Garoopna could over be again whit they had once been, and that never agaiu we should hear those merry voices, wakening us in the morning, or ringing pleasant by the river on the soft summer's evening ; these thoughts. I say, made us but ft dull parry, although Covetown and the Doctor made talking enough for the ret,t of us. 'There was eomething I could not understand about the Doctor. He talked loud and nervously all break fast time, and afterwards, when Alice retired to change her dross, and we were all standing about talk ing, he came up to me in a quiet comer where I was, and took me by the hand. ' My dear old friend,' he said, ' you will never forget me, will you?' 'Forget you, Baron! never,' I paid. I would have asked him more, but there was Alice in the room, in her pretty blue riding-habit and hat, ready for it start, and Sam beside her, whip in hand ; so we all crowded out to say good-bye. That was the worst time of sill. Mrs. Buckley had said farewell and departed. Jim was walking about, tearless, but quite unable to answer me when I asked him a question. Those two grim old warriors the Captain and the Major, were taking things ' very quietly, but did not seem inclined to talk much, while the Doctor was conducting himself like an amiable lunatic, getting in everybody's way as he followed Sam abont. 'Sam,' he said, after Alice had been lifted on her liorse, ' my dear Sam, my good pupil, you will never forget your old tutor, will you ?' '?Never, never!' said Sam; 'not likely, if I lived to be a hundred. I shall see you tomorrow.' 'Oh yes, surely,' said the Baron; 'wesballmeet to-morrow for certain. But good-bye, my boy ; good bye.' And then the young couple rode away to Baroona, which was empty, swept, and garnished, ready for their oecuptiou. And the sen- ants cheered them as they went away, and tall Eleanor sent one of her hus band's boots after them for luck, with such force and dexterity that it fell close to the heels of Wildcnn, setting him capering -then Sam turned round and waved his hat, and they were gone. And we turned round to look at one another, and lo ! another horse, the Doctor's, was being led up and down by a groom, saddled ; and, while we wondered, out came the Doctor himself and began strapping his 'And where are you going to-day, Baron ?,' asked the Major. ' I am going,' said he, ' to Sydney. I sm for Europe in a week.' Our astonishment was too great for ejaculation ; wo kept an awful silence— this was the first hint he had given us of his intention. 'Yes,' said he, ' I sail from Sydney this day week. I could not embitter iry boy's wedding day by letting lumknow that he was to leave me ; better that heshould come brick and find me gone. I must go, and I fore saw it when the letter came : but I would not tell you, because I knew you would be so sorry to part. I have been inside and said farewell to Sirs. Buckley. And now, my friends, shorten this scene for me. Night aud day, for a month, I hare been dreading it, and now let us spare one another. Why should we tear our hearts asunder by a long leave-taking ? Oh, Buck ley, Buckley ! after so many years—' Only a hurried shaking of hands, and he was gone. Down by the paddock to the river, and when ho reached the height beyond, he turned and waved his hand. Then he went on his way across the old plains, and we saw him lessening in the distance, until he disappeared altogether, and we saw him no more. No more ! In two months from that time Jim and Halbert were gone to India ; Sam and Aiice were away to the Dar ling Downs ; Desborough and the Doctor had sailed for Europe ; and we old folks, taking up our residence at Baroonn, had agreed to make common house of it. Of course ne were very dull at first, when we missed half of the faces which had been used to smile upon us ; but this soon wore off. During the succeeding winter I remember many pleasant evenings, when the' Captain, the Major, Sirs. Buckley, and myself, played whist, shilling points, aud the rigour of the game, and while Ifary Hawker, in her widow's weeds, sat sewing by the fireside, contentedly enough. HOW 5TABT HAWKEIt SAID ' YES.' Ib wns one evening during the next spring, and the game of whist was over for the night. The servant had just brought in tumblers, with a view to whiskey and water before bed. I was preparing to pay fourteen shillings to Mrs. Buckley, (and was rather nervous about meeting my partner, the Major's eye, when he, tapping' the table with his hand, spoke — ' The most childish play, Hainlyn ; the most childish nlav.' ' I don't defend the last game,' I said. ' I thought you were short of diamonds- at least I calculated on the chance of your being so, having seven myself. But please to remember, Major, that you yourself lost two tricks iu hearts, iu the first game of the second rubber.' ' And why, sir ?' said the Major. ' Tell me that, sir. Because you confused me by leading queen, when yeu had ace, king, queen. The most utterly schoolboy play. I wouldn't have done such a thing at Eton.' ' I had a flush of them,' I said eagerly, ' And I meant to lead ace, and then get trumps out. But I put down queen by mistake.' ' You can make what excuse you like, Hamlyn,' siad the Slajor. 'But the fact remains the same. There is one great fault in your character, the greatest isult I know of, and which you ought to study to cor f act. I tcU you of it boldly, as an old friend. You are too confoundedly chary in leading out your trumps, and you can't deny it.' ' Hullo !' eaid Captain Brentwood, ' who comes so late :' Mary Hawker rose from her chair, and looked eagerly towards the door. ' I know who it is,' she said, blush ing. ' I heard him laughing.' In another moment the door was thrown open, and in stalked Tom Troubridge. * ' By George !' he said, ' Don't all speak to me at once. I feel the queerest wambling in iny innards, as we used to say in Devon, at the sight of so many old faces. Somehow, a man can't make a new home in a hurry. It's the people make the home, not the house and the furniture. Lly dear old cousin, aud how are you ?' 'I am very quiet. Tom. I am much happier than I thought to have been. And I am deeply thankful to see you again.' ' How is my boy, Tom ?' Baid the Major. ' And how is my girl, Tom ?' said the Captain, 'Sam,' said Tom, ' is a sight worth a guinea, and Mrs. Samuel looks charming, but ? In point of fact, you know, I believe she expoctB ? ' ' No !' said the Captain. ' You don't say so ?' 'Fact, my dear sir.' ' Dear me,' said the Major, drumming on the table. ' I hope it will be a b ? , By-the-byc, how go the sheep r 'You never saw such a couujry, sir,' said Tom. ' Wo have got nearly five thousand on each run, and there is no one-crowding up yet. If we oan hold that ground with our produce, aud such store-sheep as we can pick up, we shall do wonders.' By this time Tom was at supper, aud between the business of satisfying a hunger of fifteen hours, began asking after old friends. ' How are the Mayfords ?' he asked. ' Poor Mrs. llayford is better,' said Mrs. Buckley. 'She and Ellen are just starting for Europe. They have sold their station aud we have bought it.' ' What are they going to do in England?' asked Tom. '' Going to live with their relations in Hampshire.' 'EUen will be a fine match for some young English squire,' said Tom. ' She will have twenty thousand voundB some dav. I sunwise.' And then we went on talking about other matters. A little scene took plnoc in tho garden next morn ing, which may astonish :some of my readers, but which did not surprise me iu the least. I knew it would happen, sooner or later, and when I saw Tom's air, on his arrival the night before, I said to myself— ' It is coming,'1 and so sure enough it did. And I got all the circumstances out of Tom only a few days after wards. Mary Hawker was now a very handsome woman, about one and forty. There may have been a grey hair here and there among her long black tresses, but they were few and far between. I used to watch her some times of an evening, and wonder to myself how she had come through such troubles, and lived ; and yet there she was on the night when Tom arrived, for instance, sittiug quite calm and cheerful beside the file in her lialf- mourning (she had soon dropped her weeds, perhaps, considering who her husband hadheen, a piece of good taste), with quite a placid, contented, look on her fine black eyes. I think no one was capable of feeling deeper for a time, but her power of resistance was maivellous. I have noticed that before. It may, Gnd forgive me, have given me some slight feeling 0 contempt for her, because, forsooth, she did not brood over and nurse an old grief as I did myself. I am not the man to judge her. When I look back on iny own wasted life ; when I see how for one boyish fancy I cut myself off from all the ties of domestic life, to hold my selfish way alone, I sometimes think that Bhe has shown herself a better woman than I have a man. Ah I well, old sweet-heart, not much to boast of, either of us. Let us get on. She was walking in the garden next morning, and Tom camo and walked beside her; and after a little he said :— 'So you arc pretty well contented, cousin !' ' I am as well content,' she said, ' as a poor, desolate, old childless widow could hope to be. There is no happiness left for me in this life !' 'Who told you that?' said Tom. ' Who told you that the next twenty years of your life might not bo happier than any that have gone before ?' ' How could that be ?' she asked. ' What is left ?fnr mn vniw V111+. +r» on nuiptiv in nitrnrnTtnf' 'Grave!' said Tom. 'Who talks of graves for twenty years to come? Mary, my darling, I have waited for you so long and faithfully, you will not dis appoint me at last ?' ' What do you mean ? What can you mean ?' 'Mean!' said he; 'why, I mean this, cousin: I mean you to be my wife— to come and live with me as my honoured wife, for the next thirty years, please God !' ' You are mad !' she said. 'Do you know what you Fay ? Do you know who you are speaking to?' 'To my old sweetheart, Polly Thornton !' ho said, with a laugh — ' to 00 one else in the world.' ' You are wrong,' she said ; 'you may try to forget now, but you will remember afterwards. I am not Mary Thornton. lam an old broken woman, whose husband was transported for coining, and hung for murder, and worse 1' ' . 'Peace be with Tiim !' said Tom, ' I am not asking who your liiieband was ; I have had twenty years to think about that, and at the end of twenty years, I say, my dear old sweetheart, you are free at last ; will you marry me '' 'Impossible!' said Mary. 'All the country-side knows who I am. Think of the eternal disgrace that clings to me. Oh, never, never !' 'Then you have no objection tome? eh, cousin?' 'To you, my kind, noble old partner! Ah, I love i and honour you above all men !' 'Then,' said Tom, putting his arm round her j waist, 'to the devil with all the nonaanse you have j just been talking, about eternal disgraces and so forth? j I am an honest man and yon're an honest woman, and, therefore, no impediment can there be? Come, Mary, it's no use renirting ; rof mind is made up, and yon i ' moat I' 'Oh, think !' she slid; 'oh, think only once, before it is too late for ever!' ? 'I have thought,' said Tom, ' as I told you before, for twenty years ; and I ain't likely to alter my opinion in ten minutes. Come, Mary, Say, yes !' And so she said yes. ' Mrs. Buckley,' said Tom, as they came up arm ih arm to the house, 'it will be a good thing if somebody was to go up to our place, and nurse Mrs, Sam in her confinement.' ' I shall go up myself,' said Mrs. Buckley, 'though how I am to get there I hardly know. It inustbe nearly eight hundred miles, I am afraid.' ' I don't think you need, my dear madam,' said he. ' My wife will make an excellent nurse !' 'Your wife?' Tomlooked at Mary, who blushed, and Mrs. Buck ley came up and kissed her. J. ani 6U gULU, HU Very KLUU, UIJ 1U«O i ouc P««, 'The very happiest and wisest thing that could be_! [ have been hoping for it, my love, and I felt sure it would be so sooner or later. How glad your dear aunt would be if she were alive ?' And, in short, he took her off with him, and they were married, and went up to join Sam and his wife in New England — reducing our party to four. Not very long after they were gone, we heard that there was a new Sam Buckley born, who promised, said the wise woman, to be as big a man as his father. Then, at an interval, of very little more than two years, Mrs. Buckley got a long letter from Alice, announcing the birth of a little girl to the Troubridges. This letter is still extant, and in my possession, having been lent me, among other family papers by Agnes Buckley, as soon as she beard that I was bent upon correcting those memoirs to fit them for the press. I will give you some . . . 'Dear Mary Troubndge has got a little girl, a sweet, quiet, brighteyed little thing, taking, I imagine, after old Mrs. Thornton. They are going to call it Agnes Alice, after you and I, my dearest mother. ' You cannot imagine how different Mary is grown from what she used to be ! Stout, merry, and matronly, quite. She keeps tbc house alive, and I think I never knew a couple more sincerely attached than die and her husband. He is a. most excellent companion for my Sam. Not to make matters too long, we are just about as happy as four people can be. Some day we may all come to live together again, and then our delight will be perfect. ' I got Jim's letter which you sent me . . . Sam and his partner are embarking every sixpence they can spare in buying town and suburban lots at Melbourne. I know every street and alley in that wonderful city am not very likely to go there ever. Let us hope that Sam's speculations will turn out profitable. ' Best love to Mr. Hamlyn.' .... ' I must make a note to this letter. Alice refers to a letter received from Jim, which, as near as I can make the dat^s agree, must be the one I hold in my hand at this moment. I am not sure, but I think so. This one runs — ' Dear Dad ... I have been down among the dead men, and since then up into the seventh heavens, in consequence of being not only gazetted,' but pro moted. The beggars very nearly did for us. All our fortifications, the prettiest things ever done under the circumstances, executed under Bobby's own eye, were thrown down by— what do you think ?~au earthquake ! Perhaps we didn't swear- Lord forgive us ! Akbar had a shy at us immediately, but got a most immortal licking ! * ' Is not this a most wonderful thing about Halbert The girl that he was to be married to was supposed to be lost, coming out in the Assam. And now it appears ' she wasn't lost at all (the girl I mean, not the ship), ! but that she was wrecked on the cast coast of Mada gascar, and saved, with five and twenty more. She came on to Calcutta, and they were married the week after he got his troop. She is uncommonly handsome and ladylike, but looks rather brown and lean from living on birds' nests and sea-weed for above six months of her life.' [Allow me to remark that this must be a romance on Jim's part; birds nests and trepang are not found in Madagascar.] ** lVt*r nrniini) ia TiPavlir nil virrlif airain T4- nmn nnl.. « prick with a spear in my thigh.' It is the very deuce editing these old letters without anything to guide me. As far as I can make out by myself (Jim being now down at Melton, hunting, and not having answered my letter of inquiries), this letter must have come accompanied by an Indian newspaper containing tho account of some battle or campaign in which he was engaged. Putting this and that together, I am inclined to believe that it refers to the defence of Jellalabad by Sir Robert Sale, in which I know he was engaged. I form this opinion from the fact of his mentioning that the fortifications were destroyed by an earthquake. And I very much fear that the individual so disrespectfully mentioned above as ' Bobby,' was no other than the great Hero himself. In my second (or if that goes off too quick, in my third) edition, I will endeavour to clear this point up in a satisfactory manner. After this time there was a long dull time with no news from him or from any one. Then Sam came down from New England, and paid us a visit, which freshened us up a little. But in spite of this and other episodes ; there was little change or excitement for us four. We made common house of it, and never parted from ' one another more than a day. Always of an evening ! came the old friendly rubber, I playing with the I Major, and Captain Brentwood with Mrs. Buckley, i The most remarkable event I have to chronicle during ? the lone period which followed, is, that one dav a bushfire came right up to the garden rails, and was beaten out with difficulty ; and that same evening I held nine trumps. Ace, Queen, Knave, Nine of hearts, and the rest small, I cannot for the life of me remem ber what year it wns in, somewhere between forty two and forty-five, I believe, because withiu a year or two of that time we heard that a large comet had appeared in England, and that Sir liobert Peel was distrusted on the subjeot of Protection. After all, it is no great consequence, though it is rather provoking, because I never before or since held more than eight trumps. Burnside, the cattle-dealer, claims to have had eleven, but I may state, onoe for all, that I doubt that man's statements On this and every other subject on which he speaks. He knows where I am to be found. My man Dick, too, somehow or another constituted himself my groom and valet. And the Major was well contented with tho arrangement. So we four, Major and Mrs. Buckley, Captain Brentwood and I, sat therein the old station night after night, playing our whist, till even my head, the youngest of the four, began to be streaked with grey, and sixteen years were past. 