TOWN TALK. As the outgoing mail steamer for Eng land sails' from Hobson's Bay on Tuesday, ?we shall'publish our Summary of the month's news for Europe on Monday, as usual. ' . Mr Kernot held his first" meeting, on Friday evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, when" there was a numerous attendance of elector!. The candidate entered into a very full explanation of his conduct whilst in Parliament, and afterwards explained his views on the various political questions of the day. . He was attentively listened to throughout, and frequently applauded. No questions were asked, nor was any vote taken, the candidate expressing himself .to the "effect that a vote was unnecessary, as the ballot-box would decide whether he wa« their choice or not. Mr Staveley, one of the candidates for Geelong East, addressed the electors at Jones's Hotel, Marshall town,, on Friday evening. The candidate made a very favourable impression, and a vote of confi dence in his favour was carried. Mr-Geary occupied the chair, to whom a vote of thanks was accorded. Mr Langhorne addressed a crowded meeting of electors at Dowling's Emu Hotel] on Friday evening; He spoke for a length of time, and was "very severely cross-examined. Some very strange ques tions were asked, and seemingly answered to the satisfaction of the questioners. A strong vote of confidence was carried unani mously. Mr Bobert de Bruce Johnstone an nounces his intention to address the electors of Geelong West at St. George's Hall, Pakington-street, on Tuesday evening next. If anything was needed to show that the forthcoming races are anticipated to be a great suceess it is to be found in the fact that there was a numerous attendance of publicans and speculators at the sale of the race-course privileges, held by Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson, yesterday. Publi cans are almost invariably good judges of what the attendance is likely to be, and that they expect it to be very good is evident by the fact that the privileges realised £33 more than last year, and the carriage reserve was not sold. The following were the prices obtained, viz :-No. 1 BoOth, Mr James Miller, £29 10s; No. 2, Mr, P. Toole, £20; No. Mr J. Connelly, £12; No." 4, James Farelly, £8 10s; booths under stand and in saddling paddock, Mr J. Miller, £16 ; gates, MrN. Keanan, £119 ; toll at grand stand and saddling^ paddock, Mr J. Quiney, £152 10s; making a total of £355 10s. The stewards have wisely determined to keep the carriage reserve for the accommodation of members of the club, this being the very best place from which the races can be seen by carriage visitors. Hitherto, being able to secure admission to the reserve on payment of a moderate sum, many constant visitors to the races have been satisfied with that, and have refrained from supporting the club. It is believed the alteration will induce many of them to become members, and so give a substantial support to the sport they so much enjoy. We notice that JNo. 1 iiootli is again offered for sale in consequence of Mr Miller having secured the booth under the Grand Stand. A.t the meeting of the Borough of New town. and Chilwell Gouncil on Friday even ing, there were preseut-The Mayor, and Councillors Brown, Miles, Andrews, Strat ford, Sbaw, Fordham, and Batten. The following letters were read;-Prom the Survey Department, stating that the Board of Land and Works did not consider it expedient to make any change in respect to the common now held by the Newtown and Chilwell Council, and applied for by the Bannockburn Shire Council. From the Water-supply Department, stating that supply pipes would be laid in Park and Charles streets, according to the council's request. From the Roads and Bridges Department, stating the condi tions on which half the costs of bridges damaged by the recent floods would be paid, and that a sum not exceeding £200 had been appropriated for the Queen's bridge. A petition recommending a certain ; person as dayman was received. The financial statement showed a balance to the credit of the council of £157-12s 9d. This concluded the business of a re markably short sitting. A meeting of the committee of the Botanical Gardens took place yesterday, at Mr Ibbotson's office. Present-the Mayor (in the chair), G. P. Belcher, D. Fisher, and J. R. Morris. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Salary, wages, and accounts were passed. Sundry requirements were allowed, and the meeting closed. At the meeting of the committee of the Geelong Homoeopathic Dispensaiy, held at the dispensary on Friday night, the fol lowing statement was made:-The number of patients receiving advice for the past four weeks was 42, for whom 116 prescrip tions were made. Four of .the patients received 20 visits from the medical officer at their own homes: Forty-five such visits have beeu pade to patients since the com mencement of the year. Mr Andrew Love wag again before the City Police Court, Melbourne, yesterday, on the charge of fraud as a bailee in con nexion with the bill of Messrs Davies and < M'Lellan tot £100. The bill was pro duced, but with great reluctance, by Mr Benjamin Rolls, a bill discounter. Love was .committed for trial at the General I Sessions commencing on the 1st of March next, but bail was accepted. The price paid *y Dr. Stodart ftp the estate of Sandilanja ww £s 15a per acre, I vtf jwt »S3, «t wu titled ywtwUj. A meeting of farmers and others will be held to-day, at 2 o'clock, at Quiney's Olive Branch Hotel, Moorabool-street, to con sider the subject of the sale of hay. The meeting will afterwards have an interview with the Mayor, at the Town-haQ, on the subject. The building where the;.fire recently occurred in Little Malop-street is in a very dangerous condition; the front wall is of brick, supported on wooden pillars, and these have been almost burnt away. Al though a number of stays hare been placed against it, there is a possibility that it may fall at any moment, and as the street is narrow, the danger to persons passing, and the injury to the tradesmen carrying on business in the vicinity, is very great. Something should be done te have the building secured properly, or taken down altogether. A case of some importance to coach builders and carpenters was heard yester day at the Central Police Court. - A tradesman named Grote contracted for a specified sum to build the bodies of two waggonettes. The first was completed to the mutual satisfaction of the parties concerned, but it seemed that while the second was only partly finished it had to be taken to the defendant's shop in order that an iron plate might be fastened to it. The defend ant would not allow the contractor to remove it again so as to finish it, and objected to pay for the work done, on the ground that Grote should have assisted the blacksmith, and superintended his work, which he neglected to do. The bench con sidered that, as the work had been accepted, the complainant was entitled to recover to the extent of its value, and gave a verdict accordingly. A lucceasion of defective crops has com pelled the farmers of Bellarine to bestir themselves in improving their land. Some have determined no longer to follow their neighbours in the antiquated style, but rather to copy from the high-class farmers of other countries; thug, for example, drainage has been determined on, and at the brick factory at Portarlington some thousands of draining pipes are now being made daily. It is said that Mr Xbbotson will lead the way in this class of improve ment, and show how the work should be done, on his own eitate at East Bellarine. It appears that waggonettes are excluded from the provisions of the statute eompel ling the owners of vehicles to have their names and addresses legibly painted on their conveyances. On Friday, the drivers of a waggonette, a bullock-dray, and a waggon, were prosecuted by the police for neglecting to have their names painted in accordance with the Statute. The case against the owner of the waggonette was dismissed, the police-magistrate remarking that the [statute applied to drays, carts, and waggons, arid that waggonettes were not mentioned. The magistrates at the South Barwon Police Court had a heavy .day on Friday, having to sit for nearly four hours investi gating sundry assault cases .which are said to have taken their rise out of the recent South Grant election. The plaintiffs and defendants in the five several cases were, lads of from 18 to 22 years of age, and ^.e court was crowded during the whole hearing. The cases appeared to be trivial affairs, looking at the ages of the youths. A lad of 18, named Jiosser, was summoned for assaulting another some years his senior, on. the day after the elections, and the complainant's evidence was that while he was cutting wood Eosser rushed up behind him, knocking him down, and cut his face severely by several blows. A per- i fectly good feeling had existed be tween. the parties up to this time, and the assault, looked at from this coin t, was a most brutal and cowardly one. But the defendant's story was that he went to where the defendant was working to find some things left there, and asked de fendant something about the election. Ths latter seemed inclined to quarrel, and after some recrimination they had a -tussle, in which both got severely handled. Kosser was fined heavily, and bound over to keep the peace, the burden of testimony going gainst him. While the bench were getting the recognisances ready, the defendant got into a passion and had to be removed. He had been well-known ^ among those present as of a naturally irritable disposition, and ad vantage was taken of the lull for the bench to administer seme well-timed words of caution to those young fellows present not to rouse his ire. While this was going on the only two females concerned in the cases had a set-to with their tongues in the passage, during which the words "unfeel ing wretch" were freely bandied about. Altogether the affair was of a most dis orderly character, and such as has not been witnessed in South Barwon for months past. Tbs heavy rains of Wednesday night Writes our Portarlington correspondent will gladden many hearts here. The grass' had started with the previous rain, and now it wUl grow rapidly. Bush-fires will not be so easily occasioned, and if they do occur their ravages cannot be extensive. A serious accident occurred on Thurs day on the Colac Road, near the Prince Albert Vineyard. It appears that Mr Kilpafcrick, of the Green Hills, near Mount Hesse, was driving home with a load of corn, when his horses got too far on the middle of the road, and would not obey him. _ He jumped down to guide them to the right side, when, his foot catching in the reins, he fell, and both wheels of the waggon went over the lower part of his stomach. He wag at. once conveyed to his father-in-law's residence in South Geelong, when* liia injuries wpre nrnmntlvntfrnidcl I to by Dr Crook, who has hopes of his Hlti mate recovery. With respect to Dr Heath, haying ad dressed the workpeople of the Victorian Cloth Factory, we are informed that he did not do so until after six o'clock, or until the work for . the day was over. This,will satisfy shareholders that the time for which they employ so many people was not wasted. . What at one time promised to be a dan gerous episode in thelife of a man occurred at Modewarre a day or two ago.' Mr Stephenson, wellrkno^a by sportsmen by the cognomen of "Neddy1' Stephenson, was the victim, and, if a timely rescue had not been effected, he would probably never shoot another snipe; It appears that he was outsnipe-shooting round the swamp, when he came too near a bnll that there luxuriates in abundant feed. Master Boyine did not happen to be in the best of temper, andpgrhaps felt annoyed that his peace and contentment should be interfered with. At any rate, he made a rush at Stephenson, knocked him down, and broke his gun, and, had it not been for timely aid it ii probable that Stephenson -would bare been gored to death. Stephenson, who wag gr.eatly bruised by the rough treatment he had received, was carried away and cared for, and his four-legged assailant again gave the pasturage his devoted attention. The case of Brown y. the National Bank, for dishonouring cheques, has been compromised by the bank paying £500 as damages. It was to have come on for trial at Baliarat yesterday. We are glad to learn "that the manager of the late sable concert on behalf of the widow of the late Sorgeant Macdonald yesterday discharged the amount of the mortgage held over the property, which is now the widow's own. The great attraction thi3 aiternoon, as far as amusement is concerned, iyill be the rowing matches on the Barwon, in which some good "scratch" fours, members of the Rowing Club, will compete. | |Mr Hamilton, the phrenologist, we observe, will give one of his very mtereit ing lestures in the Mechanics* Institute, on Tuesday evening. The extension of Portarlington jetty goes on apace. Nearly half of the piles are now j driven, and the work appears very solid and substantial. There had been only one schedule filed in Geelong during thfe past* fortnight, that of a labourer named John Hartney, of Lucky Gully, whose liabilities are set down a* £279 3s, and his assets at £5, the defi- cient being £274 8s. The last performance bnt one by'the toim*taad| ia thffirtwfot Gv4«w, be given to-day The following will be the programme: M arch-" Blue Bells of Scotland"-Walker ~V:>lse-" Woman in White"-Marriott Selection-" Elesir d'Amour"-Donizetti Quadrille-" Spirit of the Ball"-Youens Overture-" Bohemian Girl"-Ballfc Valse-"Ducal"-O'Leary Selection-" Buckley's SerenadeT Semes" Kappp Galop-"Excursion"-Montgomery National Anthem. 