SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The past month has been occupied with preparation for the general election, which is to take place in February and March. Parliament was dissolved on Wednesday, the 25th inst., and on the following morning the Chief Secre- tary's address appeared. The dissolu- tion would have taken place at an earlier date, but it was deemed prudent to prolong the existence of Parlia- ment until after the arrival of the last overland mail, in case the dif- ferences between England and America or England and Russia should have re- sulted in the declaration of war. The pacific nature of the last advices was hailed with the greatest satisfaction, and hopes are entertained that all danger of Great Britain becoming involved in such a disastrous contest as that now raging on the continent of Europe has passed away. The principal political events of the month have been the issue of the Chief Secretary's address and his speech to his constituents. The chief characteristic of the address was the evident desire which, it evinced to avoid those topics which are calculated either to produce needless and dangerous excitement or to stimulate party feeling. The most objectionable paragraph it contained related to a con- templated reform of the Legislative Council. Sir James McCulloch pro- poses to reduce the tenure of office of its members to five years instead of ten, and to provide that in case of a difference of opinion arising upon financial measures between the two branches of the Legis- lature, a bill having passed the Legisla- tive Assembly in two succeeding ses- sions in one Parliament, and again passed the Assembly in the first session of the next succeeding Parliament, shall become law without the sanction of the Council. Such a reform would be prac- tically a revolution, and the Legislative Council might as well be abolished at once. The Council is only valuable so long as its integrity and independence are maintained. The change proposed would in reality deprive it of all power over money bills, because if one once passed the Assembly by a large majority and was rejected by the Upper H ouse, Parliament might be at once prorogued and a new session convened within a few days. Then, supposing the measure to be again rejected, a dissolution would in all probability follow, and an As- sembly elected under such circumstances, with the popular feeling highly inflamed, would be almost certain to follow in the steps of its predecessor aud without mature deliberation insist upon a mea- sure which might prove most injurious, especially as we already know by painful experience that money bills are not always confined to money matters. To the mere reduction of the period for which members of the Council are elected, there would probably be no objection, as it is felt that now they have accepted payment for their services, they should become amenable to their con- stituents at shorter intervals than 10 years. With this one exception the Chief Secretary's address has not been un- favourably received, as it deals princi- pally with promised legislative reforms, connected with the social and industrial progress and welfare of the colony. A league has lately been formed with the view of compelling the next Parliament to impose higher protective, if not alto- gether prohibitory, duties upon articles which it is alleged can be manufactured in the colony. Upon this subject, Sir James McCulloch is clear and em- phatic enough. He says he will not hesitate to give his assent to any revision of the tariff having for its object the ad- justment of inequalities or the correction of glaring inconsistencies, but he will be no party to an increase of duties for prohibitory purposes. The question of education is of course dealt with at length, but the remarks are only explanatory of the bill intro- duced last session and referred to in our last summary. A revision of the bank- ing laws, mining reform, an improve- ment of the criminal law with the view o{ preventing outrages on women and children, the federation of the colonies, a further amendment of the Land Act in order to correct unforeseen errors and omissions in the present law, and a bill for the re-arrangement of the electoral districts of the Legislative Assembly, ren- dered necessary by the altered condition of the population, are the most import- ant of the other subjects referred to by the Chief Secretary. The fact that the members of the next Parliament will receive £300 a year for their services has, of course, brought into the field a host of candi- dates, many of very questionable cha- racter, and some of no character at all. This has induced some persons hastily to form an opinion that payment of members will prove very detrimental to the colony. It is, however, alto- gether too soon to arrive at such a conclusion. Very many of those who have impertinently placed them- selves before the electors will never go to the poll. The £50 which they are required to deposit, and which they will absolutely forfeit if a certain num- ber of votes are not recorded in their favour, will stop them. Then a large number of good men who may be ex- pected to come forward, some of whom have already won their spurs in the political arena, have refrained from de- claring themselves because they con- sidered such a course useless until Parliament was dissolved and the policy of the Government had been enunciated, When these enter the field, many mere adventurers who have simply taken advantage of the occasion to advertise themselves will retire into that obscurity from which they have only temporarily emerged. There cannot be a doubt but that remunerating members of the Legis- lature will tend to enlarge the choice of the constituencies, and there should be no reason to fear that they will not make a good use of the opportunity. In the review of the year 1870, published in the last summary number of The Argus, it was stated that the revenue for the year would probably amount to .£3,240,790, or some £21,000 less than the estimate made by the Treasurer in the previous November. This calculation will be as nearly as possible realised. Up to the 31st of December last there had been actually received into the Treasury-as will be seen "by the revenue returns in another column- the sum of £3,070,950. Up to the 17th of January last there had been received on account of 1870 an additional £107,154, and there was then at least £60,000 extra to como in. This will bring the total revenue for last year up to £3,238,113, or only some £2,000 lees than was previously estimated in our review of the year. As we have before stated, taking into consideration the period of great depression through which the colony has passed, this out- come cannot be considered to be alto- gether unsatisfactory. __e works on the North-Eastern Rail- way are now progressing in a satisfac- tory manner, and there has been no further difficulty with the navvies. The Government have announced that the first line to be undertaken out of the amount set apart from the land fund for the purposes of railway extension will be one via Ararat to Hamilton. The question still to be determined is, whether the line shall start from Bal- larat or Castlemaine. SOCIAL. _bere is again rather a dearth of social topics. The early part of the month was devoted principally to holiday-making, and now matters political are absorbing the atten- tion of tho community. For a few days after the arrival of the Queen of tho Thames, bringing later English papers, containing grave account« of the Anglo-Russian diffi- culty, a good deal of excitement prevailed, but tho feeling immediately subsided upon the receipt of the intelligence brought by the mail steamer of the appointment of a con- ference to consider the question. The subject of the defences of tho colony still occupies a prominent place in the public mind, and much anxiety is felt concerning the safety of the turret ship Cerberus which is on hor way to Melbourne. On this topic something more is said in another part of tho summary. The two most important acts passed during the last session of Parliament-viz., the Licensing Act and the New Insolvent Act will shoitly be in full operation. Regulations under each have been published, and thora rilating to the Licensing Act are now in force. Under them tlio now licensing benches wero to be elected by tlio justices of tbo various dis- tricts throughout tho colony on or before tho Ü8th Januniy, but in consequence of the- short time allowed, the necessary appointments in some, localities have not been made,, and con- siderable inconvenience is likely to result, for in places where licensing benches have not yet been constituted, no new licencos can be granted, neither can old licences be transferred. In another respect the act is not likely to work satisfactorily. For the purposo of put- ting down low concert halls and other objec- tionable places of public entertainment, it was provided in the. 28th section thatno keeper of a licensed house should be allowed to use such house, or any premises adjacent thereto, as a dancing saloon, or for the purposes of theatrical representations. So loosely, bow ever, is the pection worded, that a Daylesfoid magistrate has felt bound to prohibit Mr. and Mrs. Darrell from giving Sbaksperian illustra- tions at the local theatro, which is owuud by the proprietor of an adjoining hotel, though the promises are quite distinct ; while ho has sanctioned the performances of " Barlow and Company's dogs"and the "Buffalo Min- strels." With regard to the Insolvency Act, the regulations are undergoing revision by the Chief Commissioner under the old act (Mr. W. B. Noel) and Judge Bindon, and are to be gazetted on the 1st February, the day on which the new act comes into operation. Tho near approach of that date is causing quitu a rush of intending insolvents to take the benefit of the old act, \vnder which there are no com- pulsory payments of a reasonable dividend, and no stringent provisions against fraud. Nearly all the insolvencies, however, are for small amounts. The necessary steps aro being taken to givo effect to the provisions of the Stamp Statute of I860, which require court fees and fees of office to bo paid in stamps instead of coin. Stamps varying in value from Is. 2d. to £10 aie being manufactured at the, Post-office, and when a sufficient supply has been provided, a proclamation will be issued bringing the act into operation. About £3,000 will piobably bo the amount represented by the Grant Testimonial Fund when tho accounts aro wound up. A meeting of the committee waa recently held at Scott's Hotel, Melbourne, when the lion, troasuror, Mr. James MacBain, stated that the net col- lections amounted to £2,742. The lion, secre- tary, Mr. J. Thomson, reported that in November he had issued circulara calling all accounts in by the end of tho year, but the response had been anything but satisfactory, the receipts nigving far less than the central committee had reason to expect, The only liberal response to the appeal had been. tt,ade in Melbourne. Thero aje still 217'subscription books not yet returned, bul &3 they are in thu hands of on]y 17 persons, not very much can be expected 7rom them. Mr. S. Arness, late mayor of Molbourne, and Mr. Jas. MacBain have been appointed trustees of the fund. A painful shock has been experienced by the community in the rather unexpected death of Dr. Corrigan, head master of Wesley College, and chairman of the Board of Education, which occurred on the 7th Janu- ary. Only three weeks before, Dr. Corrigan was busily engaged in the discharge of his important duties, to all seeming in the full flush of health ; and now we have to report his death. The malady under which he sank was rheumatic fever of a most malignant type, which all the efforts of his medical advisors were unavailing to check. His sufferings in the earlier stages of the disease were most acute, but as the disease advanced it attacked the brain, leading to effusion of serum and congestion, and inducing delirium and ulti- mately comatose insensibility, in which he lingered till his death. It is be- lieved that Dr. Corrigan was born in Pettigo, in the county of Donegal, on 14th February, 1823, and he was therofore 46 years of age when he died. His father, who still survives, followed the scholastic profession in that town, and was distinguished for his abili- ties as a teacher and his skill in mathematics. Entering on the same pursuits, his son speedily rose to eminence as a teacher, and was finally placed in charge of the Wesleyan Training School in Dublin. While holding this post, he prosecuted a course of study in connexion with Trinity College, Dublin, where he graduated M.A. and LL.D., showing in his university, career a strong bias for, and success in, mathematical work. In 1857 he spent some months in the Westmin- ster Normal Training Institution with the view of making himself familiar with the methods of education in operation in Eng- land, and on his return to Dublin continued to serve the educational interests of the Wes- leyan body. In 1865 he was appointed one of Her Majesty's inspectors of schools in Ireland, and after having held that appointment for only a few months he was engaged by the late Rev. D. J. Draper and the late Mr. Walter Powell to proceed to Victoria, to assume the head mastership of Wesley College, under the presidency of his early friend, the Rev. James S. Waugh. He came to this colony in the Essex, in February, I866, and entered on his duties at Wesley College in the March following. These duties, in association with Mr. Waugh, he continued to discharge until the close of the last academi- cal year with eminent fidelity and zeal. In September, 1866, he was appointed a member of the Royal Commission of Education in Victoria ; and in September, 1867, was gazetted a member of the Board of Educa- tion, to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Sumner's retirement. On the 20th Octo- ber last, on the retirement of Sir James Palmer, Dr. Corrigan was elected by his brother members chairman of the board, a position which he held till his death, a period of little over two months. Viewed financially, the saving that Dr. Cor- rigan and his colleagues have effected on the expenditure on education is estimated at from £25,000 to-30,000 per annum that is to say, that if the alterations which they have made had not been made, the colony would have been expending at this time that amount in excess of the present vote. Dr. Corrigan was a firm believer in the efficiency of the present system, and had he lived longer he would have been able to render the country signal help at the present juncture. Dr. Corrigan was also a prominent member of the senate of the University, and of the council of the Royal Society. He leaves a widow and four children to mourn his com- paratively early death. A meeting has been held at the Town-hall, the Mayor of Mel- bourne presiding, at which it was resolved to raise a fund for the benefit of his family. A subscription list was opened, and the sum of £155 raised there and then. Professor Irving, of the Melbourne University, has accepted the head mastership of Wesley College, ren- dered vacant by the death of the late prin- cipal, but the place at the Board of Education has not yet been filled up. Another and an important stage has beon reached in the construction of the Melbourno Mint. The buildings intended for tho recep- tion of the machinery, or which aro in any way connected with the coining process, are all practically completad, and a contract has recently been accepted for tho building of the premises embraced in what is called the ad- ministrative department. This portion of the Mint will comprise the offices and quarters, and will consist of a large and substantial though plain building, with guardhouses at- tached, occupying together the whole of the frontage to William-street between Latrobe street and Little Lonsdalo-streót. The main building, two stories in height, will be of brick stuccoed, and will be 115ft. long by oGft. deep, with a height of 4Gf t. from floor to cornice. The contractors for tho concluding portion of the work have undertaken to com- plete it in about soven months, for £20,500. Simultaneously with the erection of the ad- ministrative block the laying down of the machinery will go on," and there will be practically nothing to prevent Vistorian sovereigns coined from Victorian gold being in circulation before the end of the year. Rapid progress is being made with the Go- vernment works for the increase of the wharfage accommodation of Melbourne. The extension of Queen's whaTf by 389ft, is ap- proaching completion, and in a couple of months the wharf will be finished and ready for use. A more important work, seeing that it is the commencement of an entirely now system of wharves for Melbourne, has been entered upon within the last month. It is the first step towards carrying out tho plan ! determined upon by the Government of con- structing on the southern side of the River Yarra a cemtinuous line of wharves, of a per- manent character, starting from the -'ails bridge, aud following the course of the river to whatever distance may bo practicable or convenient. Hitherto our wharves have been built of wood, and in tho extension of Queen's Wharf, masonry is only partially brought into use, but in the southern wharves timber will bo altogether discarded in favour of bluestone. Anotherimportant featuroof the now scheme is that the construction of the whurves will be accompanied by a widening of the river along the whole distaucc, by as muck as löüfc. in tome plates. It has for somo time past been in the con templution of the Crown Lands department to carry out and complete the original inten- tion of dividing the colony into counties. The area of Victoria-tho most populous, but at the tame time the smallest of the Australian colonies-is 8G.S30 square miles, nearly equal to that of England, Scotland, and Wales. At present, but little more than a fourth of the country is thus conveniently distinguished, and a source of constant embarrassment and confusion has long been recognised by the publie, and especially by tho selectors undor the 42nd section, in the description of their allotments as in such a parish or district, "county unnamed." It is proposed to de olaio tho new counties of an area as equal as may bo found expedient, bearing in view the adoption of desirable boundaries. It bas been determined that nativo and local names shall be adopted to designate the new counties, wherever such sounds are sufficiently euphonious, and especially where they are dis- covered to bo appropriate to the character or situation of the area. Regulations for tho management of the San Franciso Industrial Exhibition, which is to be held in August, 1871, reached the colony by the last Calitomian mail. Tho colonies of Australia and Now Zealand are especially in- vited to send articles for exhibition and com- petition ; and no doubt tho invitation will be responded to. At present, however, nothing definite has been done hero. Tho longpiomiscd "Exhibition of the works of modern British artists," of which mention has beon made from time to time in the London papers, has boen opened at the Apollo-hall, Bourke-strcet, Molbourno. Tho exhibition comprises over 200oil paintingsand 170 water-colour drawings, the performances of 181 artists, and the aggregate value of the collection is sot down at ¿12,000. The public have visited the exhibition, and have bcon disappointed. Out of about 400 oil paintings and water-colour drawings, thoro aro from 25 to 30 which are above mediocrity, or which appear to bo so by contrast with tho daubs which surround them. The rest of the pic- tures fall, for the most part, very far below mediocrity. Certain of theso " works o£ British artists " aro miracles of badñosa-so bad, that tho most unpractised eye recoils from thom, and ^uo most uncultivated judg raero; dor-* ^0j hesitate to pronounce summary crl_ucmiiation on them. Even amongst the better class of pictures there are none of striking excellence. It is stated in a Queensland journal that a powder llask, marked "Leichardt '54," has been found on the Aramac, near its junction witb the Thomson. Slight trace though it be of the lost explorer, it has been thought suffi- cient to suggest tho propriety of making a fresh effort to discover Dr. Leichardt. An addition to the literary treasures of tho Public Libral y has recently been made in tho shape of a complote collection of all the publi- cations, catalogues, reports, and other docu- ments issued by the various Governments iu connexion with tho Pari? Exhibition of 1807. The trustees have also received a donation consisting of three works presented by M. Elijah Walton. One of thoso is an illustrated monograph on the camel ; tho second, au tcsthetio essay on the forms and combinations of clouds, with 42 instantaneous photographs, taken for tho most part during an excursion on the Nile, and offering the most conclusivo testimony wo have yet mot with to Tumor's wonderful accuracy and truth to nature when depicting the constantly shifting aspects of oloudland. Mr. Walton's third work is a re- production in chromo- lithography of 21 water-colour drawings of tho peaks and valleys of the Alps, taken at different seasons of tho year, and, as a general rule, eminently effective. Amongst the passengers by the ship Theophane, from Liverpool, was tho Rev. Lindsay Mackie, who has como out to tho pastorate of tho East St. Kilda Presbyterian Church. Many persons in tho community have re- cently suffered pain and inconvenience from wearing coloured socks, of Eiutfish manu- facture, and in somo instances tho symptoms have been such as to cau60 considerable alarm, viz , extensive ulcération of the feet and legs and general constitutional disturbance. The causo of all this, it has beon discovered, is the presence of arsenical matter iu the dye, and its absorption into the system through the skin. Mr. J. Cosmo Nowbery has siuco exa amined chemically a number of tho dyos used by our local dyers and manufacturers, and also various articles of clothing coloured red, purple, and blue, and in many coses has found them to contain arsenic in considerable quantities. At one establishment, where both English and French dyes were used, it waa found that the English samples were quite harmless, whilo the French, which were much cheaper dyes, contained arsenic in con- siderable quantity. The result is, that all coloured articles of clothing for wearing next tho skin are now avoided. At the annual meeting of the Royal Society recently held, Mr. R. L. J. Ellery, Govern- ment astronomer, was re-elected to the oflico of president. The usual report, describing the transactions of the society for the past year, was read and adopted. Though the necessity for some regulation of the kind has existed for years, it ? is only within the last week or so that the mayor of Melbourne has been induced to give effect to the recommendations which have been fre- quently urged upon the city authorities, in relation to " keeping the right sido" of the footway. A notification has now been issued requesting foot passengers through the streets of the city to adopt tho London rule uud keep to the right-hand side of the footway. The charges brought against Superintendent Lyttelton, of the Victorian police force, by au ex-constable, have broken down. The board appointed to inquire into the matter have sent in a report, which practically exonérâtes Mr. Lyttelton. The only thing proved against bira was that constables had worked for him at his private residence, but this was only during the time when police officers con- sidered they had aright to avail themselves of such services. The Government adopted the report of the board. The annual meoting of tho Medical Society of Victoria has been held. Professor Halford was unanimously elected president for the present year, andr Mr. Blair and Dr. Fetber ston vice-presidents. Dr. Jonasson, the re- tiring president, read a valedictory address, m ' which he ably summarised the principal events which hud occupied the medical world during tho past year. John Hayward, the lato Fitzroy- rate-col- lector, has been proceeded against at the local police court, for embezzlement, and com- mitted for trial. The sums which he was charged with embezzling-four or fi vo ia all were trilling, but an audit of the" borough accounts has shown that, in reality, a large amount has been made away with. Mr. Langton's report, recently submitted to the borough council, was to the effect that the defalcations began to occur in 1866, and that between that time and the present ¿2,595 had disappeared, or remained unaccounted for. It seems that, simply by the mere addition of the columns of figures on the part of the auditors, the deficit could have been dis- covered long before this. The population of the colony has received an accession by the arrival of a number of assisted and Government immigants in the ship Essex, from London. The ship has had a quick and pleasant passage, and the immi- grants, who are apparently of a very respect- able class, have come into port in the best of health. The classification of the immigrants is as follows :- Married persons, 88: single men, 108 ; single women, 160 ; children, 87, of whom 14 are infants under one year old. During the voyage five births took place, but two of the infants only lived a short time. The return to his diocese from the late Ocumenical Council at Rome of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne, the Right Rev. J. A. Goold, D.D., was celebrated with imposing religious ceremonies at St. Patrick's Cathedral, which was densely crowded on tho occasion. After the ceremonial, an address largely signed by the clergy and laity of Mel- bourne was read by the Hon. J. O'tihanossy, C.M.G., and presented to tho bishop. Its terms were congratulatory respecting his safe return, and complimentary as to the admini- stration of the affaira of the diocese dining his absence by the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, vicar-general. Further, the document ex- pressed sympathy with the present position of tho Pope, and referred to the Educational Bill recently circulated by the Government, tlio conditions of which wore highly objection ablo to tho Catholics of Victoria, The bishop, in replying to the address, made this assertion that the pioceedings of the Ocumenical Conncil batt been persistontly misrepresented by the newspaper press, whos-e representatives when admitted gave one-sided accounts of what transpired. With respect to tho pro pored adoption of a system of purely secular education, his own feelings were in accord- ance with the teachings of the church, and they were pioportionately antagonistic to tlio intended course. Education without reli- gious instruction was, he waa convinced, worse than useless. 1 The high value set upon thoroughbred hoise stock in this colony was shown the other day by the prices obtained for the yearlings at the annual sale at Maribyrnong, near Melbourne. The six animals brought to the hammer realised the following prices : -Brown filly, by Maribyrnong out of Night light, 660 guineas ; bay colt, by Ace of Clubs out of Rose do Florence, 900 ¿ninoas ; bay colt, by Maribyrnong out ot Rose of Donmark, 560 guineas ; brown colt, by Maribyrnong out of Guildermere, 580 guineas ; bay colt, by Ace of Clubs out of Seagull, 300 guineas. Amongst the departures for England by the Great Britain is that of Mr. F. F. Bailliere, publisher, who goes home for tho purpose of publishing a general gazetteer of Australia. Mr. Bailliere was presented by his friends a few days ago with an emu egg inkstand. Mr, A, Alexander, surgeon, who for many years was medical officer on board the steam- ship Great Britain, and who for the last three years had been practising at Talbot, died in Melbourne on the 22nd January. Subscrip- tions are being raised with the view of erect- ing a memorial stone over his grave in the Melbourne Cemetery. A daring, and to some extent successful, attempt has been made by three prisoners in the Melbourne Gaol to escape from confine- ment. Two of them, named Sullivan and Baker, the former awaiting his trial for bush- ranging and the latter for burglary, managed with the aid of a rope made of blankets, to scale a wall 21ft. high, and got into the street, but were re-captured in less than five minutes. The third prisoner, a mate of Sullivan, named Leo, never got out of the building, for the scaling rope broke with his weight when he had got about 9ft. from the ground. The prisoners have been sentenced to six months' imprisonment each for endeavouring to escape. Numerous members of the criminal class have been of late punished for conveying forbidden articles to prisoners in the Mel- bourne Gaol, and recently a solicitor, Mr. Jas. Scott, was charged with a similar breach of the law. The matter was investigated at the Melbourne District Police Court, and the evidence of one of the turnkeys was, that Mr. Scott, who was locked up in a cell with a prisoner he went to visit, was seen to place a couple of parcels and one or two shillings on the table, and the turnksy on searching the prisoner after Mr. Scott had left, found on him some tobacco, matches, and a shilling. For the defence, the prisoner in question, a man named Robertson, under sentence of two years' imprisonment for fraud as a trustee, was placed in the witness-box, and swore positively that Mr. Scott had never given him the tobacco, &c; , and that he had those articles in his possession before he was put in the cell with Mr. Scott. On this evi- dence being given the ease was dismissed. A kidnapping case has been investigated at the Sandridge Police Court, in which Hiram Kendrick, the captain of the ship Siam, was summoned on two charges, under the 157th section of the Merchants Shipping Act, with having brought two men away to sea from Quebec, Canada, without their having signed articles. The names of the complainants were Frank Petersen and Ivan Hendriksen. Petersen stated in evidence that at Quebec on the night of the 5th September last he was knocked down, and taken into custody by two runners and a man named Jackson, who afterwards proved to be the second mate of the Siam. The men took him to a house, where they kept him all night, and threat- ened to kill him if he did not go on board ship quietly, and on the following morning he was conveyed abroad the Siam, where he was kept and brought away to this port. The other man (Hendriksen) said he was called into a house at Quebec the night before the Siam sailed, and was there forced to drink, and threatened with having his throat cut if he did not go on board the Siam. On the following morning he was taken on board. An attempt was made to show that the men had signed articles, but it failed, and the de- fendant was fined £5, with costs, in each case. What appears to be a deliberate and cold- blooded conspiracy to sham stock a shop, in order to got it insured and then burn it down to obtain the insurance money, without re- gard to life or property in the adjoining tenements, has been recently discovered. Several months ago a tea and general store was opened in Little Collins-street, Melbourne, at the back of the Haymarket Theatre, the names of the storekeepers being Philip Schott and Alfred Sander, and to all outward appearance there was a good substantial stock in the place, consisting chiefly of tea, in chests, boxes, and packages. Soon after business was started the stock was insured for £500 in the National Insurance Company. Facts transpired, however, which led the detectives to believe that there was a "swindle" somewhere, and this belief was strengthened when it was found that an additional insurance to the amount of £300 had been applied for at another office. A watch was accordingly kept on the place, which was set fire to on New Year's night, and would have been burnt down but for the exertions of the fire brigade. A subsequent examination of the premises showed that the stock was of a dummy description, consisting of about £40 worth of goods. There were little heaps of deal wood shavings, straw, and other inflammable materials scattered at in- tervals all over the floor; and under the stairs, where the fire had evidently com- menced, there was an extensive deposit of shavings, pine splinters, &c.; At an inquiry held by the coroner subsequently, the jury found that the place had been set on fire by Sander, and that his partner Schott aided and abetted him. Both prisoners were com- mitted for trial. Schott and Sanders are both Prussians, and the former is said to be the son of a wealthy and respected German banker. An exportation of horses of a first-class character to the Indian market has just been made by Mr. James Lalor, who has had ample experience in the selection and shipment of horses, and who has made several successful ventures from Victoria to Indian ports. The present lot which Mr. Lalor takes num- bers 170, and most of them are of the best strains. The horses have been shipped for Madras in the large iron clipper Thomas Stephens, which recently arrived here from Liverpool. For the last 12 months two enterprising coal miners, named Walsh and McCarthy, have been thoroughly exploring the neigh- bourhood of Western Port, in the expectation of discovering coal seams, and after long and patient search their efforts have been re- warded by the discovery of a seam of excellent coal ranging from two to four feet thick. Specimens of the coal have been examined by a number of persons who take an interest in the discovery, and the general opinion seems to be that the quality of the coal shown is superior to that imported from Newcastle. It is in blocks from 1cwt. up to 5cwt, and 6cwt., and appears remarkably free from any impu- rities. It is the intention of Messrs. Walsh and McCarthy to form a company to work the newly-discovered mine. Two cases of embezzlement by Govern- ment servants have occurred during the month. In the first, Mr. Frederick Stephens is charged with fraudulently applying to his own use £670, which he had collected for the Water Supply department; and in the other case, George Willmott, late Stationmaster at Keilor-road Station on the Government Rail- way, is accused of embezzling Government money to the amount of £33. Both prisoners have been brought up at the Melbourne City Police Court, and committed for trial. George William Murray, the chief witness and informer in the recent case in which Auguste Summerst was charged with burn- ing down his hotel, the All England, at Sandridge, has in turn been placed on his defence. The charge against Summerst broke down, and Murray is now being pro- ceeded against for perjury. He has been com- mitted for trial. A melancholy case of suicide is reported from Ararat. The deceased was Mr. Mark Davidson, an old resident of that district, and who was associated with it long before the discovery of the gold-fields. He was an old servant of the Messrs. Chirnside, and for years had acted as an overseer on the Mount Wil- liam run. Lately he has been in indifferent health, and this seemed to prey on his mind. Going into a private room, he, having di- vested himself of his coat, tied his handker- chief round his left arm, above the elbow, and making an incision in the vein, quietly bled to death. An accident with firearms, causing the in- stantaneous death of an old Ballarat store- keeper, Mr. Forster, has occurred at the Leigh Junction. Mr. Forster, who formerly kept a store on the Little Hard Hills, was out shoot- ing with Mr. Kelsall, of Buninyong. They were driving past a lake in a tax- cart when Mr. Forster espied some ducks. Wishing to have a shot at them, he caught hold of the muzzle of his gun, which was loaded. The trigger catching against something, caused the piece to explode, and the charge passed into the unfortunate gentleman's chest. Mr. Kel- sall, on hearing the report, had just time to look round, when his friend put his hand on his chest and exclaimed, "I am shot," and expired. Mr. I. F. Liston, house steward and dis- penser of the Gipps Land Hospital, died very suddenly a week or two ago. He was quite well the evening before, and the next morn- ing the servant, going to his room, found that he was dying. Three minutes afterwards he was dead. Death was the result of apoplexy. One of the cabin passengers of the Rob Roy. on a recent trip to Warrnambool, named William Creighton, disappeared during the passage, and must either have fallen over- board by some inexplicable accident or thrown himself over. Creighton was a young man of about 28 years of age, manager of a station in New South Wales, and was travelling for change of air. There was no apparent motive for self-destruction. Fatal results have attended more than one of the recent thunderstorms which have passed over the country. At Wood's Point three men standing together were all struck by lightning, one being killed instantaneously, while the other two were dangerously hurt. In another case, Mr. H. Cobham, son of the railway station master at Carlsruhe, was killed by the lightning; and two others who were with him were seriously injured. A melancholy and rather unaccountable suicide has occurred at Richmond. The de- ceased was a middle-aged woman named Peachman, housekeeper to Mr. P. J. Conlon, architect, and she caused her death by taking one afternoon a large dose of laudanum. No reason could be assigned for the act, as the de- ceased had always appeared to be in good health and spirits. One or two other sui- cides have occurred during the month, and amongst them that of Mr. Hy. Wild, a com- mission agent, who threw himself into the Yarra while temporarily insane. A man who hung himself from a tree in the Survey- paddock, Melbourne, left the following me- morandum in his pocket:—" This is to certify that my name is Arthur Hicks, of Phillip Island and Schnapper Point, Mornington. I have been driven mad by my wife. God Al- mighty have mercy upon my soul, and God forgive my wife." The man had only been married a few days. According to the accounts given in the local journals, the burning of the Corio Bono mills, near Geelong, a week ago, afforded a remarkable sight. The fire occurred about an hour and a half after midnight. Tons upon tons of bones were stacked on the premises, and burnt with astonishing fury. Casks standing yards away from the mill caught fire, as also did distant stacks of bones, just as if they had been intentionally set on fire. Balls of fire went high up into the darkness of the night, and travelled along like fire balloons. Volunteer firemen tried to extinguish the flames, but the more water they threw on the faster did the fire appear to rage. The loss is estimated at at least £4,000, and the proprietor, Mr. Ascherborg, is insured for £3,000. Of this amount £1,000 is insured in the National, £1,600 in the Imperial, and £300 in an Adelaide company. A flour-mill at Lancefield, belonging to Mr. Jos. Darby, and the only one in the locality, has also been burned down, entailing a loss on the owner of £3,500. A fire broke out in Bridge-street, Sand- hurst, on the evening of the 21st January, causing the destruction of Aitken's hay and corn store and the building which was for- merly the Beehive Hotel. The premises of Mr. Talland, grocer, and Mr. F. A. Lyons, paper hanger, also suffered to some extent. A peculiarly unfortunate train of casualties is related from Dartmoor, near Hamilton. A boy named McQueen, when going into a swamp to shoot ducks, got out of his depth, and was drowned. His two sisters saw the accident, and in attempting to render aid to their brother were drowned also. Lastly, a neighbour named Mrs. McLellan, seeing the children in the water, went in to endeavour to save them, and in doing so shared their fate. A man employed in a brewery at Albury, named Joseph Scates, met with a terrible death the other day. He was engaged in ex- amining one of the boilers of liquor when he suddenly lost his balance, and fell into the scalding liquid. The poor man was at once rescued from his fearful position, and con- veyed to the adjoining hospital, where death soon came to relieve him from his sufferings. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. The present political situation of Victoria is that the first symptom of order, to wit, the publication of the Government programme, has only just appeared in what, during the earlier portion of the month, has been a chaos. Parliament had not been prorogued a week before there was a press of candidates for nearly every seat, and the air was filled with rumours of more. It was not thought expedient by the Government that the Legis- lative Assembly should cease to exist until the Suez mail had come in, and more was known of the war rumours consequent upon the threatened differences with Russia and the United States. And till that disso- lution took place, Ministers refrained from issuing anything in the shape of a manifesto, or in any way disclosing their future line of policy. But on neither of these accounts was there any abstinence on the part of candi- dates, except in the case of those old poli- ticians who waited to see from what quarter the political wind blew before they spread their sails or shaped their course. Never in Victoria was known such a rush of new poli- tical aspirants anxious to serve the country; and in most instances, the adoption of pay- ment of members was the undoubted cause. It was not infrequently the case that the new candidates were those whom pay- ment of members actually enabled to come forward, their candidature previously having been prevented by the expense of unpaid political services. But, however that may be, the list of members expectant, published else- where, comprises men of all classes and con- ditions docti indoctique, from every rank of life, and who present themselves for nearly every possible stated reason. A yearning for £300 a-year, for three years, has naturally been aroused. But election affairs have as yet scarcely reached more than an initial stage, and it is the coming month that will be big with political tidings. The questions now most publicly mooted are the increase of protective duties, the adoption of a system of secular and compulsory education, and the amendment of the Land Act so as to remove legal difficulties in the way of carrying out the intentions of its framers. Other topics, such as the adoption of a permissive liquor sales bill, the direction in which the state railways shall be extended, the amend- ment of the mining, banking, and criminal laws, and Australian federation, are occa- sionally mentioned, but they have not as yet taken a prominent place. It may be said, in- deed, that at present the revision of the tariff and the educational question are the great test-points. As to the former, a "Victorian Industrial Protection League" has been formed, and has commenced a not very suc- cessful career of agitation in Melbourne and the suburbs. Their object is to place the tariff on a "real protective basis." As to Education, a direct opposition to the Government proposal, which implies the se- cular system pure and simple, is being or- ganized by the Roman Catholics, with whose views on this point a large proportion of some of the other denominations—notably the Church of England—to a certain extent sym- pathise. We understand that the following questions bearing upon the subject of public instruction have been circulated, in a printed form, amongst the Roman Catholic portion of the community, with the view that they may be proposed to all candidates at the ap- proaching general election:—"In case the present system of education be abolished, will you vote for giving to any denomination who have religious scruples against adopting the system substituted for it, such proportion of the education grant as they would be entitled to from their numbers on the census, the amount to be expended under state control, as far as secular education is concerned, but to be free from state control as far as religious education is concerned? Are you willing to support a system of free education, in which the state shall exercise no control in the establishment or management of schools, but pay so much per head for every pupil educated to a certain staudard?" Of course, antagonism to the Government is a feature in candidates'addresses, and it is known that a new "opposition" has been formed out of some of Sir James McCulloch'a old sup- porters, who are disappointed in their expecta- tions of office, but it has scarcely spoken out as yet. A considerable number of candidates have already addressed the electors, but, excepting that of the Chief Secretary, there have been no utterances of importance. During the period between the proroga- tion and the arrival of the Suez mail with its reassuring news as to the pro- spect of England being engaged in war, Ministers maintained a discreet silence. The Governor, who had been on a shooting tour through Gipps Land, then returned to town, and Cabinet Councils sat almost daily. On Wednesday last, the crisis came, and a Government Gazette Extraordinary was issued, containing the proclamation of the dissolu- tion of Parliament, and fixing the arrange- ment for the general election. The dates are as follow:—First Batch—Issue of writs, Janu- ary 20; nomination, February 4; polling, February 14; return of writs, February 22. Second Batch—Issue of writs, February 13; nomination, February 22; polling, March 3; return of writs, March 11. Third Batch— Issue of writs, March 2; nomination, March 11; polling, March 16; return of writs, March 21\. Upon this the work of the elections fairly began. On Saturday last Sir James McCul- loch, Chief Secretary, addressed his old con- stituents at Cranbourne (the speech is con- tained in the present issue), and the ball thus opened, the turmoil of the political game is likely to be well kept up. RAILWAYS AND WATER SUPPLY. The good rate of progress which we re- ported last month as to the construction of the first section of the North-Eastern Railway line has been well sustained, and the works are going on satisfactorily. The route of the proposed western extension (on which the £200,000 annually set apart from the Land fund for railway purposes is to be expended) is still matter for hot dispute among the localities concerned. In our last summary we detailed the various lines advocated, to which we have now to add another, to be known as the "blue" line—viz., from Castle- maine, via Maryborough, towards St. Arnaud. The Chief Secretary has intimated that the first line of railway to be considered by the Government shall be to Hamilton, via Ararat. This abandons the "black" line from Geelong, leaving it an open question whether the extension will be from Ballarat or Castlemaine. The question of route will be one of the earliest brought before the new Parliament. After being closed for over five years, the Essendon Railway has been again opened for traffic. It will be remembered that the Government purchased it from a pri- vate company. It will form the first instal- ment of the North-Eastern line. The question of carrying on our water supply works remains nearly where it was. The Government have intimated, through the election address of the Chief Secre- tary, an opinion that works for this pur- pose can be best carried out by means of the local bodies. They therefore pro- pose to introduce a measure authorising ad- vances to be made to such bodies for the construction of such works. During the month another apparent failure has occurred in connexion with the waterworks already in existence. The inverted syphon, by means of which the late chief engineer proposed to carry the waters of the Coliban across the valley of the Back Creek, has broken down. It was constructed of iron pines, in jointed segments, originally imported for the pur- poses of a main drain, but after lying idle many years adapted to this purpose. On the completion of the work in De- cember, testing operations were commenced by turning the water in the aqueduct into the syphon. The height of the water in the syphon, if it were flowing through, would be 108ft. The pipes, however, gave way long before this height was reached. When there was 60ft. of water in them a leak appeared, which, however, was stopped with little diffi- culty. Soon after a portion of the syphon burst with a loud explosion, and all the water escaped. Two of the lengths of the cast-iron pipes had fractured, although the pipes had sus- tained a much heavier pressure when tested m Melbourne. At first sight the failure appeared to be a hopeless one, and if so, £25,000 has been literally thrown away. The cracks were the full length of the plates, through flanges and all. There was then no sign of leakage in any other part, nor could any flaw or leakage be discovered on subsequent ex- amination. The official theory is that the cause of the "accident" is the insecure foun- dation of the line of pipes, which should have been laid on a bed of concrete, and as the broken portions have been replaced by the contractors, another trial will shortly take place. THE REVENUE. The statement of the revenue of the colony for the quarter and year ending December 31, 1870, has been published. The revenue for the quarter amounted to £778,887, which, as compared with £824 202 for the corre- sponding quarter of 1869 (fractions of a pound being omitted), gives a decrease of £45,310 for the quarter. The revenue for the year was £3,070,959; and that for 1869 being £3,210,323, the year's receipts show a falling off of £139,364, as compared with the former year. Confining attention to the returns for the year, we find, on coming to the separate heads of revenue, that Customs are deficient as compared with 1869 to the extent of £120,420. The only items under this head which yield an increase are those of spirits, giving an increase of £10,472, opium £268, malt £2,154, and duties on River Murray goods, £2,560. On the other hand, we find the following items of decrease:— Wine, £10,143; beer and cider, £4,958; to- bocco and snuff, £16,742; cigars, £2,697; tea, £5,049; sugar and molasses, £2.616; coffee, chicory, cocoa, and chocolate, £1,686; rice, £3,356; hops, £1,553; wharfage and harbour rate, £14,255; all olher duties, £81,816. The head of Excise is deficient to the extent of £10,285, the item of spirits distilled in Vic- toria showing a decrease of £8,298; publicans' licences, £987; auctioneers' licences, £1,155; the only item of increase being other licences, £156. Territorial revenue has an increase to the extent of £9,980. The head of Public Works has a decrease of £49,272. Of the items, the important one of railway income is deficient to the extent of £52,508; electric telegraphs, to the extent of £1,208, and toll receipts to £110. The items which give in- crease are those of water supply, Yan Yean, £4,464; on the gold fields, £91. The next head is Ports and Harbours, which gives a decrease of £790. The other items are of no interest to English readers. AUSTRALIAN FEDERATION. It will be seen that on this subject the Go- vernment have—in the manifesto of the Chief Secretary—repudiated as tempting but impracticable, the theory of the colonies re- maining neutral in time of war with the mother country, but propose to adopt means to carry out the other suggestion of the Aus- tralian Federation Commission, viz, that au act of the Imperial Parliament should be ob- tained for the purpose of facilitating arrange- ments for federation between two or more of the colonies. During the month the question of our neutrality has been further ventilated, by a discussion between Mr. C. Gavan Duffy, president of the commission, and a writer in this journal. Sir James Martin, Premier of the New South Wales Government, has also published in full his letter to Mr. Duffy on the subject. The hon. gentleman's views are as indicated by us last month—unfavour- able to Australian federation so long as the colonies remain British colonies. OUR DEFENCES. The work of preparing our defences still goes on steadily, and such materiel of war as we have in hand may be described as ready for immediate use. All the Hobson's Bay bat- teries are now mounted with 300-pounders, 86-pounders, and 68 pounders. All guns of less capacity are discarded from our batteries, and there are still a number of 58-pounders unemployed. Even those in use would be dispensed with had we others larger to supply their place. Means have, however, been suggested for converting in the colony our 68-pounders and a lot of 32-pounders which we have in stock—condemned as useless—by means of the Palliser process, into rifled 64-pounders and 156 pounders. The new batteries at Point Ormond, on the St. Kilda shore, aro still in nubibus, and the bat- tery of 68-pounders at the Heads remains in its old form. What will be done when the new military stores and material now being purchased in England by Mr. Verdon arrive is known, of course, to the authorities, but jealously kept secret from the public. In the matter of torpedoes, a sample torpedo of half- inch iron has been made and tried, and a number of others of similar pattern are to be ordered. News from England in- forms us that Colonel Jervoise, inspector of fortifications, has prepared a plan for defend- ing this harbour by torpedoes, with shore batteries and small aimed boats to prevent their discovery and explosion by the enemy, and it is probable that his scheme, or some- thing like it, will be adopted. In the mean- time our Signal and Torpedo Corps has nearly gone through the preliminary work of oiganisation, and will soon be ready for ser- vice. It is probable that, in view of the ex- tremo difficulty in procuring Martini-Henry rifles for our garrison corps and volunteers, we shall have to content ourselves with the Snider, a plan which will give us an uncom- monly serviceable weapon, and the means of using the ammunition of which we have an immense stock. The Government have been induced by fear of war to do that which has been urgently needed during many years of peace on purely commercial grounds, namely, establish a telegraph station at Wilson's Promontory, the southernmost point of the continent of Australia. THE CERBERUS. After for some time felicitating ourselves upon thee report received at home describing the voyage of the Cerberus to Gibraltar as being successful and prosperous, we have heard news direct from Lieutenant Panter, of a very different sort. Writing from Malta on December 5, just a month after he sailed from England, he states that he had bad weather in the Bay of Biscay, and, indeed, heavy gales all the way across. For 12 hours the ship was very nearly lost, nor was it ever expected that she would get through it. She rolled fully 40° (far more than the Captain is reported to have rolled) each way, and pitched tremendously. Sometimes the whole fore- part of the ship, as far aft as the foremast, would be lost sight of, and the decks were quite under water. Her gallant commander goes so far as to say that he never saw any thing like it before, and naturally hopes never to see it again. Her behaviour has, however, given him more confidence, but his opinion is that she would never have stood the gales round the Cape, which is so much in favour of the choice which dictated her present route, via the Suez Canal. Her steaming qualities, it appears, are disappointing, for five and a halt to six knots is all that can be got out of her while consuming at the rate of 25 to 30 tons of coal per day. At the same time she has only capacity to carry 200 tons of coal. Under such circumstances, bow to get her from Aden to Gallo, a distance of 2,100 miles, against the north-east monsoon, is a difficulty which Lieutenant Panter expects to have to overcome by chartering a vessel to meet him on the way, and so get a fresh supply of fuel; for to venture without such help would be too great a risk. However, his final decision will be made when the Cerberus arrives at Aden. Upon the whole, with a rate of pro- gress that may be said to amount to only five knots an hour under favourable circum- stances, it is doubtful if she can face the N. E. monsoon at all. But these difficulties were not all. The fears of the sailors made matters worse. They deserted wholesale, and three of them had to be punished and sent to prison, by way of example. Lieutenant Panter was trying to get more men, but they appeared afraid to sail in a vessel of such unusual conditions. His idea was to get some of the deck hands to volunteer for the stoke-hole service, which was most disliked. He hoped to sail from Malta next day if the engines were ready and the weather cleared. At that time a gale was blowing from the eastward. From another source, we learn that the fears of the sailors were so strong that some of them professed readiness to do six months in gaol with hard labour rather than six weeks at sea in the Cerberus. Her top-hamper has added between 600 and 700 tons to her weight, while her free board is only 14ft. out of the water. In fighting trim she would be only about 6ft. out of the water. Under these circumstances it has been strongly urged that the Government should direct Lieu- tenant Panter to direct his course to Bom- bay instead of Gallo, and there have her masts taken out, and a considerable reduction made in the weight of her upper deck and fittings. Afterwards it was sug- gested that a steamer, or two if necessary, should be chartered to tow her across here, after the manner in which the Bermuda ltuuiiug-dock was taken across tho Atlantic. It hos been since stated that Lieutenant Pantf r bas full power to act according to hi3 own discretion, and has ample moans at his command to obtain convoy if he deems it desirable. The arrival of the Cerberus is anxiously looked for here. OUE VOLUNTEERS. Our volunteers are as active as ever, but no sign has yet been given of any intention to come under the terms of'the new Military and Naval Forces Act. Such, indeed, was hardly expected of our riile corps, for whom a separate measure will bo brought before Par- liament. The grant of some pay or retaining fee to the men serving under more stringent conditions seems to be regarded as indispen- sable. In reapeet, however, to the conversion of-our naval brigade into a branch of the Eoyal Naval Reserve, there are higher hopes. Regulations are being prepared based on the Imperial regulations, by virtue of which each man joining the Victorian Royal Navy Re- serve will receive an allowance of £10 per annum, tobo gained by 200 hours drill in 25 days each year. It is expressly declared thatthe men when on active service may be appointed tosuch ship or service aa the Government may ?direct, and if serving beyond the limits of Victoria, in company with any of Her Majesty's ships of war, will be subject to the orders of the commissioned commanding officer ; but with this proviso, that such orders are not to extend ro impressment into any ?other service, or to the removal of any mem- ber of -the Reserve, from the ship or service of the Victorian Government When these regulations are duly gazetted, some action will doubtless be taken hythe men thomsolvcs, The event of the month has been an inter- colonial rifle match, fired simultaneously at Sydney and Castlemaine, between 30 of tho volunteers of each colony, selected after many trials. We have had intercolonial matches bo ?fore, but tbey have been fired with small-bore match-rifles, whereas in this the ordinary Government weapons of service wero used. Our men won by 14 points, under great disad- vantages, their average in seven shots at 200, " SOO, and 600 yards respectively being 54-010, against 53'05O on the Sydney side. It was one ol tho best rifle meetings over held in Vic- toria ; and it is remarkable that during the present season Victoria has beaten the sister colony in rowing, cricket, and riile-shooting. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. The gold-mining industry waa somewhat interfered with during tho earlier part of the lost month by the holidays, but as a similar interference occurs at the commencement of each year, the yield of gold will only be affected to the same extent aa it has been on foi mer similar occasions. The month of January is different in ono respect as regards gold-fields news from any other month in the year, inasmuch as it admits so far as circum- stances allow of a general review of tho pro- gress or decline of the industry, and the review could not so well be made at any other portion of a year. The exact amount of gold ob- tained during any one year cannot be exactly ascertained, but a very close approxima- tion can always be obtained during the first month of the succeeding year by computing the quantity exported, and adding to it that in the hands of the banks, to whom it is generally sold so early after being found that it may be said scarcely any is retained in privato hands. It was expected-through the partial decline in tho returns from Bal . larat, hitherto the leading gold-field of the colony-that thero would bo found to havo been a very great decreoso in the yield of gold for 1870 as compared with 1869. Such, how over, is not the case, for although a decline is shown it is only a slight one-a fact which must be attributed to a largo extent to the remarkable developoment of the Bendigo mines and tho increased yields from them, Tho amount of gold raised in the colony during 1870 was, according to the most ac- curate calculations, l,281,841oz. ; while in 1809 it was l,307,903oz , or a ducrea8e in 1870, as compared with 1869, of about 86,000oz. There was, however, a far larger export of Victorian gold from the colony during the first three weeks of this year than in the aame portion of 1870; the amounts being by the Custom s returns only 80.278OZ. for 1870, and lSi,D27oz. for 1871, or an increase of 98,619oz. The banks, however, held in their hands at tho com- mencement .of 1871, 69,000oz. more than at the beginning of 1870, but even deducting that amount, there would still be a balance of about 40,000 .in favour of tho first three weeks in 1871 There cannot be any cer- tain reliance placed on the figures of the two different three weeks mentioned, but the very great disproportion in them, when compared, baa tho ellect of leading it to he inferred that thero was probably more gold retained in privato hands at the closo of December, 1870, which waa sold to tho banks in the earlier part of January, 1871, than there was so retained in December, 1869, aud sold in January} 1870. The Mining depart- ment, basing its cstimato on roturns obtained from gold-Buyers, mining surveyors, and mining registrars, calculated tho quantity of gold produced in Victoria during the year 1870 at l,302,368oz., of which 717,482oz. wos said to bo the yield of the alluvial mines, and o8i,986oz. the yield of tho auriferous quartz-reefs of the colony. The roturns, however, which aro given above, aro considered far moro definite and trust- worthy than those of the department. The decrease in the yield of gold in 1869, as com- pared with 1868, was 100,281oz. Tho average number of persons engaged in gold-mining steadily docreased during the whole of lost year. The average for tho whole of 1869 was 08,037 ; in the first quarter of 1870 it had fallen to 62,206; in the second, to ?0,267; in the third, to 59,742; and in the fourth, to 59,254 ; making tho average for the wholo of last year 60,307. Tho following table gives lost averago number of minors em- ployed in Victoria and tho quantity of gold produced for the last fivo years : Yew. Ko, of Minora. Ylold ol Gold. 3807. 1808. 1800. 1870. 73,470 05,857 03 181 08.037 00,807 Oz. 1,030,631 1,103 831 1.474.187 1,307,003 1.281,811 The question of a reform in tho mining laws of the colony is just now commanding groat attontion, the opinion of nearly all concorued in gold-mining being that, with increased facilities to tho miners and the abolition of many objectionablo restrictions at prosont im- posed on them in their pursuits, a largely in- creased yield of gold would be obtained. The general Parliamentary elections aro to tako place shortly, and already signs aro exhibited by the mining populations of a determina- tion to enforce from any candidates who may present themselves specific promises of an early alteration and reform of the existing mining laws. The ordinary reports to hand from the various centres of the mining population aro to the effect that operations aro being steadily carried out, and tbo yields maintained. At Ballarat affaira are considered to bo in a better position than for some time past, and thero aro hopeful prospects of tho futuro. Month after month the Bendigo or Sandhurst gold district increases in prosperity, and the quartz mines already discovered or being woiked there are expected to furnish employ- ment for large numbers of miners foryoara to como, Tho returns from Gipps Land, the Ovens, Maryborough, and othor districts are of a favourable nature, 'and tho general im- pression is that the currentyear will be a good ono for the minera. Borun, the country of largo nuggets, has during tho last mouth eclipsed all its previous efforts by producing an enormous lump of fold weighing no loss than l,717oz. The ngtetoood Advertiser thus writes of tho disco- very of this valuable find and of the Berlin gold-field generally ¡-"Notwithstanding tho ¿mormons amount of gold, principally in largo nuggets, which the Berlin gold-li old has yielded Binco its opening, two yoars and a half ago, it seems that the extent and richness of its auriferous deposits aro far from having yet been ascertained, and evory day proves moro and more conclusively the truth of the opinion, we formerly hazardod-- that Berlin -stands unrivalled aa an alluvial digging ex- cept by Forest Creek and Bendigo in the old palmy days of 1802 and 1853. So far from the field having become exhausted in a fow months, as was predicted by somo porsons when it was first opened, overy fresh dis- covery has oxceeded in importance tho pre -ceding one. and bas enlarged tbo boundaries .of tho field to n degree which could not havo beon foreseen, oven by those who thought most favourably of its capabilities. Like every other gold-field it has had its mu- tations, and though towards tbo end of last year complaints were rife among minora and storekeepers tbat things woro rather dull, yet tho present year has begun with prospoots as bright as ever. On Thursday, the 8tb January, the largest nuggot yet found on the field-a splendid lump of gold weigh- ing 1.7170& \- W08 unearthed in Catto's paddock, Johnstown ; and a correspondent, writiDg from Johnstown on tho aame _oy, reporta :-' Mr. Johns ia going to throw opon to tho minors another paddock, known as Johns' grass paddock, midway between Johnstown and Tyler's. In this paddock Messrs. Bishop Brothers have been Erospeeting for the last month or two, aud ave. nuggoted out about 12oz. of gold con- sisting of two pieces weighing respectively 8 J oz. and 2joz , and the rest of fine gold. A great rush has set in, and it is expected that the whole of the claims will be taken up as soon as they are surveyed for letting.' In another direction, at Christmas- ilat, a 21oz. nugget was got on Friday, and several parties are getting payable gold." AGRICULTURE. It is now tolerably clear that South Aus- tralia will this season bo the only colony of the Australian group that will have any wheat to spate ; and it s.eems equally certain that its surplus available for export will ho the largest it has yet had to deal with. The Victorian harvest is nearly secured ; but as the work has progressed it has become more and more apparent that the yield will bo very deficient. During the past month the reports from the country have in no instance im- proved ; indeed, the estimates based on an inspection of the growing crops have proved fallacious when tested by the threshing machino, the diminution having ranged frim two thirds to one-half of tho estimated yield. This serious falling-off has boen occasioned by an attack of rust so severe and so early in many cases as to havo induced attempts to utilise the crops by converting them into hay. It is obvious, however, that if the whole or even any large proportion of the whoat crops had been thus turned to account, tho growers would have found themselves bur- dened with unsaleable produco, as, excepting in towns and cities, no demand exists for hay, and i usted hay is at all times difficult to place. Owing to the fact above indicated, no reliable average of yield can at present be given ; but reports in which we eau place credence stato that tho rango will be from four to 30 bushels per acre, the majority of crops being under 12, tho highest figure being met with only in rare cases and in limited 'breadths. This serious visitation has been anticipated ever since the unusually wet seasons of winter and spring. The occurrence of fino dry weather at intervals served to check the progress of the rust, and to justify occasionally favourable reports, bub in the end tho parasite has prevailed. Tho last great visitation occurred five years ago; it was followed by a lighter attack the succeeding year. Tho experience gained on those two occasions has not elicitod any practicable method of preventing these attacks ; there has been a great deal of theorising, but no useful results. Of the oat crops, our report must be nearly as unfavour- able as of tho wheats ; for though the rust has not affected them so much, not, indeed, to any appreciable extent and that only in certain localities, they suffered even more than the wheats from tho heavy rainfall in the spring. The crops aro consequently thin, light, and smothered with weeds ; the yield under such conditions could not bo other- wise than low. Exceptionally good crops, of small area, aro met with even in the worst seasons, and the present one supplies a few examples, Reports of tho potato crop in the south-western districts, whence our chief supplies are derived, havo become much more favourable of late. The country is covered with gross to a greater depth than ever known ; the danger from bush-fires has cor- respondingly increased, but though a few have been started in Riverina as well as iu this colony, they have fortuuately been mas- tered before they attained a serious magni- tude ; the danger, however, will nob bo pasb for another six or eight weeks. The work of inaugurating a National Agricultural Society, after the model of the English and Scottish ones, is at length nearly accomplished. On the 23rd January a well attended meeting took placo of gentlomen who had been enrolled either as governors or ordinary members for the purposo of receiving nominations of candidates for the various offices. The constitution at present requires one president, six vice-presidents, and threo trustees, to be elected from the class of governors, and 24 other members of council to be elected both from tho ordinary members and governors. In order that tho society may bo truly "national,"itwill be necessary that the council havo members in all parts of the colony. Iii en, in order that there may be a strong executive, a staff readily accessible is imperatively required ; it is obvious that the members composing it must reside at furthest within the metropolitan district. A proposal has therefore been made to increase the num- ber of members of council to*18. allottiug half to the country districts. In connexion with the vineyard interest, we havo to make a state- ment which, if well fouuded, must be con- sidered of serious import. Thooidium, whose presence in Queensland and in parts of Now South Wales bas been reported for two or three years past, is now said to have appealed in tho Albury district. Mr. Adams, the Sur vcyoi Geneial of Now South Wales, is the authority for this statement, and he is said to be familiar with the appearance of the disease. Happily, it is as yet unknown further south, but should it appear, it will effectually pre- vent further investments in vineyard pro- perties, which are not even now in by any means a nourishing condition. Of late afow of our growers h ave been trying foreign markets, with varying success. The course is perhaps erroneous, for they have not yet succeeded in raising a tasto for Australian wiues where they are grown, and to this they should first havo addressed themselves. With a view to afford them an opportunity of becoming ac- quainted with the wines they would have to competo with in the English market, Mr. F. Chapman, who has had largo oxperionco in wines, has obtained from Messrs. Chapman and Harvey, of London, sample cases of French Burgundy, of a quality now selling in London for £8 per 40 gallons in bond. The trade and producers were lately invited to taste this sample, which thoy did at a meeting on tho 26th inst. The wine proved to be a light, thin, dry Burgundy, very grate- ful to the palate in hot weather, but only, as stated, of second-class quality. In the voyage throuch the tropics it had doubtless become moro attenuated than it was previous to being bottled, although no deposit had taken place. Somo of tho growers present seemed to think that they would be glad to *oalise 2s. Gd. per gallon for wine of the samo quality ; the Lon- don price would, however, hardly permit of that sum being notted by the Australian grower ; it would probably pay bettor to ex- port higher qualities, of which we have an abundance. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the Abotonan Railways for the week ending 19th January, show an im- provement upon thoso of last year in overy branch, with tho exception of the passongor traffic, which shows a slight falling off. Sinco last mail tho North-Eastorn line has beon opened as far as Essendon, and has proved a great convenience to tho persons residing in the neighbourhood. Tho returns as yet aro small, But a steady increase is looked for. The return for the passonger traffic for the week is £3,37010s. Gd. as against £3,035 13s. for tho corresponding week last year, showing a reduction of £204 16s. Gd. The amount re- ceived for the carriage of goods and minorais is £7,82119a. 3d., as ogainst £6,677 11s. 2d. lost year, showing an increaso in this branch of revenuo of £1,144 8s Id. The return for tho carriago of cattle is £579 15s. 8d., as against £107 4s. Gd. for the corresponding week of last year, showing an increaso of £-17211s. 2d. Tbo total receipts for the wook aro £12,215 4s., as against £10,812 19a. 7d. last year, showing an increaso in tho week's returns of £1,402 4s, 3d. The aggregate receipts to dato amount to £31,556 17s. lid., as agaiust £31,203 3s. 4d,, showing au increase of £353 14s. 7d., as compared with the receipts for tho same period last year. The weekly nverago for three weeks is £10,51819a. 3d., as against £10,401 Is. Id. lost yoar, showing a weekly increase in this year's revenuo of £117 18s. 2d. as compared with the previous year. Tho following are tho returns of traffic for tho last five years:-To 17th January, 18G7, £27,700 7s. 10d.; to 10th January. 18G8, £20,30814s. 7d.; to 21st January, 1869, £33,547 10s. 6d.; to 20th Januaiy, 1870, £31,2033s. 4d.; to 19th January, 1871, £31,55017s. lid. The returns of the traffic on the Molbourno and Hobson's Bay Railway for the threo weeks ending 19th January, show a consi- derable falling off in evory branch of revenuo as compared with the returns for the samo period of last year. Tho amount received for tho carriago of passengers is £G,422 3s. 3d., as against £0,895 9s. 4a. last year, showing a falling off in this branch of revenuo of £473 Cs. Id. Tho' returns for tho carriago of mer- chandise amount to £2,098 2s. 2d., as against £2,83215s. 7d., showing a reduction as com- pared with last year, amounting to £73413s. Gd. Tho total receipts from tho 1st January to dato amount to £8,520 5a. 5d., as against £9,728 4s. lid. for tho corresponding period last year (to the 20th January), showing a falling off in tho receipts amounting to £1,207 19s. Cd. Tho weekly average is £3,139 0" lid., as against £3,404 17s. 8d. last year, showing a weekly falling off amounting to £205 16s. 9d., as compared with the correspouding period of last year. THE LABOUR MARKET. Since last month the supply of labour has been further supplemented by the arrival, on the 25th inst., of 416 immigrants by tho Essex, consisting of 88 married couples, 160 single women, 108 single men, 73 children, and 17 infants. The supply of labour has been better than it generally ia at this time of the year, though thero is still a short supply of first class domestic servants, and female servants for farms aro greatly needed. The wages paid for harvesting have been lower this year than during tho last few yoars. This has been owing, in a great measure, to the poor crops. Bootmakers have had to submit to a considerable reduction in the rate of wages. This trade ia at present in a very depressed condition, and a number of men are out of employment. In other trades there is a fair demand for labour, and in some parts of the country the rates are far higher than the quoted rates, and in many places it is extremely difficult to obtain ordinary workmen at all. The following aro the average rates of wages paid : Domestic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £20 to £30 per annum : female coolta, £35 to £40 per annum ; male do., 20a. to 40a. per week ; nursemaids, £20 to £30 per an- num ; laundresses. £30 to £40 per annum. For Hotels - Cookes, male andjfemale, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; grooms, 15a. to 20s. per week. For Stations - First-class married couples for home stations, £60 to £80 per annum ; second class do., £50 to £60 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £50 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; nursemaids, £25 to £30 per do. ; grooms, £40 to £55 per do. For Farms-Cooks, £30 to £40 per annum ; married couples, £40 to £50 per do. ; General female servants, £30 to £35 per do. Station Hands.-Married couples for out stations, £40 to £50 per annum ; shepherds, first class, £35 to £45 do. ; kutkeepers, £25 to £30 do.; general station hands, 14s. per week ; lads, 10s. per week. Farm Servants. - Ploughmen, £40 to £-52 per annum ; horse-drivers, 16s. to 20s. per week ; ordinary farm servants, 12s, 6d. to 15s. per week. AU the above servants aro fed and lodged by their employers. Where rations are given, the following is the scale per week allowed in Victoria :-101b. to 121b. meat (beef or mutton), 101b. flour, 21b. sugar, and iib. tea. Labourers constructing the Alfred Dock receive from 6s. to 7s. per day. Quarrymon for same earn from 8s. to 9s. per day, with- out rations. Navvies,-On the North-eastern Railway the navvies have returned to work at the old rate, viz , 9d. por hour. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen aro without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Among stonemasons, brick- layers, plasterers, and carpenters an arrange- ment has been made with the employers that the rate of wages shall be 10s. per day ; builders' labourers (hodmen), 7s. per day ; pick-and-shovel men, 6s. per day of eight hours. Cabinetmakers.-In the best shops the average earnings for good tradesmen are 0s. per day ; first-class hands in upholsterers' earn from £3 to £4 per week. In second-class establishments and factories the best hands sara about 9s, per day ; upholsterers, Sa. ; polishers, 8s. per day of eight hours. There is a large number of men in this trade out of employment. Stevedores' Mon, &c.-Lumpers; and wool stowers aro paid 12s. per day ; foremen, 16s. The rate never alters, but there is often a good deal of broken time. Donkoy-engino drivers, about £4 per week ; engineers in tow boats, £16 per montb. Ship-carpentors.-The rate paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Painters.-Ordinary workmen get about 8s. per day. Smiths.-Boilermakers receive 12s. per day, blacksmiths, 10s, to 12s. do. ; fitters, 11s. to 12s. do. ; tumors, 12s. do. ; labourers, 7s. to 8s. do. Business is dull in this trade, and there are a good many men out of employ- ment. Watch Jobbers and Jewellers.-Good work- men get £4 in the first-class shops. Manu- facturing jewellers receive from £2 15s. to £3 15s. per week. A few of the better workmen receive as high as £5 and £6 per week. There aro a good many mon out of employ in this trade. Coopers.-Mo«fcof the work in this trade ia done by the pieco ; the wages fixed by the trade are 10s. per day of 10 hours. Carriage Builders.-Good workmen are scarce in all branches of this trade, and can get constant employment at from £3 to £4 per week. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the rate paid is at Is. per hour. In second-class shops the earnings are from £2 10s. to £3 per week. In factories, the rates vary, the men being often paid by the piece. Where wages are paid, the rate ia 40a. per week in factory hours. Saddlers.-Thia trade is in a very depressed state, nnd tbercaro large numbersof men outof employment. Inbestshopsthemenearn£210s. per week, while fair workmen are often get- ting from £110s. to £2 per week, and for rough common work tho rate is from 25s. to 30s. per week-time, 10 hours per day. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trado is 10 hours per day. Gardeners.-First-class men-without ra- tions-for situations near town, get 60s. to 60s. per week, but the demand for best hands is very limited ; do., for country, 60s.; second class do., near town, 36s. to 42s. per week ; third- class for country (with rations), 15s. to 20s. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 50s. per week ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per week ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 60s. per week, with board and lodging. Plumbers and Gasfitters.-Good tradesmen find ready employment in this trade, and earn £3 per week of eight hours per day. Clothing Factories.-Tho rates obtained in the factories vary very much, as most of them allow work to be taken home, and it is thus im Eossible to tell how long the hands work, or ow many assist. Where the work is not taken home, tailoresses earn from £1 to £1 15s. per week, pressers £2/ In shirt-making, most of the work ia taken home. Machinists can earn 12s. per week in factory hours, from 9 till C. Farriers.-First class foromen get about £3 per week ; door-men, from £2 to £2 10s. ; time 10 hours per day. Farriera for the country get from 20a. to 30s. per week, and their board and lodging. In many parts of the country good farriers are much needed, and in some instances 8s. for a set of horse- shoes is the price paid. Bootmakers.-There is a considerable fall ing-off in the rate of wages paid in this trade during the last month. The factories have been doing slack work, and many men aro out of employment. For rivetting children's boots as Iowas 6d, per pair has been paid, and Is. for womon'a hoots, lOd. for boys, and Is. 3d. for men's hoots ; and about the same rates for finishing. In the retail trado the rates paid remain about the samo. In a few of the best shopsthe rates paid are-Welling- tons, 14s.; elastics, 12s. ; closing, 8s. Tinsmiths.-In consequence of the esta- blishment of meat-preserving companies throughout Victoria, the demand for this description of labour is greater than the supply. Compotcnt workmen can earn from £3 10s. to £5 per week. Minors.-The average rate for miners in tho Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight hours' shift ; broaksmen get a slightly higher late of wages. In Bendigo district, quattz miners in deep sinking, for pit-work, got £2 10s. ; ordinary quartz-miners, £2 5s. and £2, according to the character of the work ; engi- neers get from £3 10s. to £3: ordinary labourers, 5s. to 6s. Gd. per day. In Bendigo a great deal of the mining ia done on tribute. At the Alexandra diggings the miners get 8s. 4d. per day. In Gipps Land, where the work is done by wages' men, tho rate ia £3 per week, but the men prefer taking work by contract. MEAT-PRESERVING. Amongst the meat-preserving companies established in the neighbourhood of Mol- bourne, the ono which has most recently been brought into operation is tho Australian Meat-preserving Company, whose works are situated at Footscray. This company was formed through the exertions of Mr. Patrick Hayes. Compact premises of brick and stone havo been built on an eligihlo site. Both beef and mutton are prepared, though 30 or 40 sheep aro slaughtered for every single head of oxen. When animals have boon killed tho carcases aro skinned and dressed ; tho bones and fat aro thou removed, and the meat scalded, to cleanse it of all blood, and mako it shrink slightly. It is next cut up and weighed. For a 41b. tin, 4Jlb. of meat is weighed, and when the tins are sealed up they contain 41b. of solid meat A small quantity of jelly, obtained by boiling down cow hoels and shins of beef, is placed in each tin. The moat, properly weighed, is placed in tins, which are air-tight except in tho centro of the lid, where a small holeis loft so that the pro- cess of preserving in vacuo may bo carried out. The tins aro placed in pans capable of holding 120 tins each, aud containing a salino liquid, heated up to the boiling point. The tins aro sealed up while their contents are in a boiling state, ond when the whola of the air has been expelled a further beating of the tin takes place ; aud it is then immersed in cold water for the purpose of being speedily reduced to _ moderate tempe- rature. Before being sent for sale the meat is tried for a week in the testing-room (an apart- ment heated to a temperature of llOdeg.) Should any of the tins have been imporfe'etly sealed, the meat of course does not keep, and in decomposition a gas is generated which fills tbe'tins and bulges the ends out. A. cer- | tain method of discovering bad tins is thus afloidtd. In summer, when it is_ difficult to keep meat sweetfor the shortestperiod, tho loss on tins is not moro than from 7 to 10 per cent. Some 80 to 90 men aro constantly employed on tho works in slaughtering, preserving, and in making tins. Since work was begun about the end of October last, upwards of 300,0001b. of meat has been turned out, in addition to 420 casks, or 150 tons of tallow. Hitherto 2,000 sheep havo bcon killed per week, but the number is to be doubled immediately ; 50 bead cattle are killed per week. 2,000 cases, in two lots, equal to 160,0001b., have beon shipped, and a further lot of 1,000 is ready for export. One or more of tho up-country companies, particularly the Ballarat company, have had some troublo with their tinsmiths, owing to strikes on the part of the men. The tin- smiths' wages average £3 a week. In some companies the rate runs up to £4 and £5. The Ballarat company turns out 10,000 tins of meat a week, the value of which in Europe is about £1,000. Their weekly income is in- creased some £800 beyond this amount by the sale of hides, tallow, boncdust, manuro, &c.; Tho wages paid by the company amount to £240 a fortnight. The company have now 3GG,6901b. of preserved meat on the way to England, the value of which is £7,637. . THE WEATHER. During the past month the weather has been very seasonable, and it would seem as though it had been fine enough oven for the farmers and their harvesting operations, for the harvest may now be said to bo completed, and there has been a total absence of the complaints which more or less are almost invariably made every year during the gather- ing in of the crops. We have certainly had some hot days during tho month, but even they were not so hot as aro generally expe- rienced in the month of January, and there has not been any of the very oppressive hot wiiid days which often prevail at this period of the year. In a partial thunderstorm that passed over Woodend on the 6th January, three men wero struck by light mug, one of whom was killed and the other two were injured. The storm was confined to the district of Woodend and its neighbour- hood, and the accident was one ef thoso un- fortunate occurrences which may happen at any time or place in similar disturbances of the atmosphere. The neighbouring colo- nies of New South Wales and South Aus- tralia do not appear to have been so well favoured in regard to the weather during the month as Victoria has been. In the latter colony it is stated to have been extremely hot, and in the f ormor thero were very heavy stoims and rains towards tho closo of the month, which caused Hoods in some parts and great destruction of crops. An extra- ordinary hail or ico storm was also re- ported from tho neighbourhood of Yass during the earlier part of the month, in which lumps of ico were stated to have fallen in quantities, some'of them measuring as much as 3in. in length. At Bathurst recently, Joseph and Thomas Slingsby, father and son, were struck by lightning in their own house and killed, and by the same flash the wife and son of Joseph Slingsby were also struck and rendered unconscious, but they recovered. RACING. The racing for the past month has been of a very uninteresting character. On tho 2nd inst. there was a very successful meeting at Croxton Park, the attendance being better than was ever before known at this suburban coarse. The Maiden Plate was won by Warrior, but a protest was lodged by the trainer of True Blue, on the ground of his having before won an advertised race. The stewards, after taking evidence on the sub' ject, dismissed the protest. Pandora won the Scurry Handicap with the greatest ease. Blondin disposed as he liked of the six horses brought out against him for the Croxton park Handicap. Damson won tho Selling Race, after a good struggle with Warrior. 'Prentice Boy carried off tho Now Year's Handicap, and the Darno appropriated the \- Consolation Stakes. The most important eventof the month connected with horse-racing has been tho sale of Mr. Petty's yearlings. The competition for theso highly-bred youngsters was keen, but they were all bought by Victo- rians. Mr. Joseph Thompson, a bookmaker, secuied two, and Mr. Wallis, also a book- maker, bought another. The following are the particular of the sale:-Lot 1-bri by Maribyrnong, Nightlight, Mr. Kerr, G50 gui- neas ; lot 2-b c by Ace of Clubs, Rose do Florence, Mr. J. Thompson, 900 guineas ; lot 3-b c by Maribyrnong, Rose of Denmark, Mr. J. Brown, 550 guineas; lot 4-br c by Maiibjrnong, Gildermire, Mr. Filgato, 580 guineos ; lot 5-br c by Ace of Clubs, Lady Heron, Mr. J. Thompson, 330 guineas ; lot 6 \- b c by Ace of Clubs, Seagull, Mr. Wallis, 3G0 guineas ; total, 3,370 guineas ; average, 570 guineas. On the 28th inst. another race meeting took place at Croxton-patk, but the attendance showed a great falling off as compared with the pi evious meeting. The Maiden Plato was won by Rake, Hoyden, who carno in first, being disqualified through going inside a post. Stafford won the Scurry Handicap. Norma won tho Croxton-park Handicap, beating Blondín, Rambler, and three others. The Selling Race fell to Warrior, who easily disposed of his four antagonists. The Dane won the Consolation Stakes. OUTDOOR AMUSEMENTS. There is not much to relate this month in connexion with the ordinary outdoor sports of the season. On the Melbourne Cricket-ground the second contest for the Challenge Cup has been begun, the com- petitors this time being the East Melbourne and Melbourne Clubs. The game is not yet finished, but so far the advantago is greatly on the side of the younger club, the scores being-East Melbourne, first innings, 234; second innings, 139 ; Melbourne, first innings, 187\. Tho intercolonial match with Tasmania bus been definitely fixed to bo played on the 24th and 25th February, on the ground of the Melbourne Cricket Club. The Sydney match «ill probably bo played on tho first Thursday, Friday, and Saturday in March, at Sydney. An amateur sculling race between two well-known rowers-Messrs. Cazaly and Ben- nett-came off, on the 7th inst., on the Lower Yarra. The race was over a distance of two miles, in clinker outrigger sculling boats, and the event excited a largo amount of interest in aquatic circles. The result was an easy victory for Cazaly, bis opponent steering wildly, and running into the river bank several times. It is said that Bennett was not fit, and that another meeting will shortly bo arranged between the competitors. THE THEATRES, &o.; Tho Christmas pantomine of " Goody Two Shoes" is enjoying a lengthened season of popularity at the Theatre Royal. It is under- stood that when pantomime gives place to legitimate drama at this theatre, Mrs. Mary Gladstane, who has returned from the north, will be the leading lady. The farewell season of Messrs. Lyster and Smith's Italian and English opera company at the Princess's Theatre is drawing toa close. Tbe leading artists are taking their farewell bent fits, and but few more opportunities of hearing theso able exponents of the iyrical di ama remain. The season has been, on the whole, a successful one. Among the more distinguished of tho performances given by the troupe during the past month aro "Wil- liam Tell," "Tho Rose of Castile," and "Roberto." Signor G. Pompei, who arrived in Mel- bourne by the P. ond O. Company's mail steamer recently, has, with his partner, Signor A. Cagli, engaged an operatic troupe for tho theatres of India, Java, China, and Australia, for the season 1871-2. Signor Pompei states that this company, numbering 53 in all, will arrive in Melbourne by the mail steamer in May next, and that it is his intention to com- pletely change tho company every threo years, an interval which will bo sufficient for the tour of tbo countries named. Ho states also, and îeasonably enough, that this schemo can- not be carried out in its entirety unless Aus- tralia should prove a favourable field for his enterprise. Tbe Haymarket Theatre has beon re- opened for a brief season by tho Gregory troupo of gymnasts, who have beon doing only a moderate business. The dramatic entertain- ments of Mr. George Cotterell and Miss Dolly Green, which were very favourably received at the Polytechnic-hall, aro now being given in the neighbouring colonies, Miss Green being in Sydney, and Mr. Cotterell at Ade- laide. Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Mathews aro playing a farewell engagementin Sydney. Woodroffe's glassblowers, who are about entering upon an Indian tour, havo vacated Westons Opera-house. Their place is sup- plied by Chang Woo Gow, the Chinese giant, who is 8ft. high. Chaug, who has travelled, seems to be a very intelligent man. He is accompanied by his wife, Kin Foo, and an infant of six months. His levées have been very well attended. Tho Polytechnic-hall has been re-opened for tho exhibition of a panorama of the Franco-Prussian war, said to have been painted» by artists of repute in England, from sketches taken on the spot. The entertainment is under the management of Mr. John Bryan. It is annouuced that Prince Satsuma's imperial Japanese equili- brists, who are under engagement to Mr. Smith, will shortly appear in Melbourno. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. The following is a list of the deaths that have taken place in the Melbourne Hospital since our last summary, specifying, as far as is known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death. Barlow, Elizabeth, native of Manchester, domestic, aged 45 ; admitted into the hospital January 6 ; died January 25 ; arrived in the colony by the Southern Ocean, in 1803 ; cause of death, morbus cordis. Broadley, Allen, native of Lancashire, tin-plate worker, aged 40 ; admitted into the hospital January 17 ; died January 21 ; arrived in the colony by the John Fielding, in 1850 ; cause of death, alcohol- ism. Burr, William, native of Chelmsford, England, labourer, aged 55 ; admitted into the hospital September 26 ; died December 30, 1870 ; name of ship in which he arrived in the colony unknown ; cause of. death, com- pound fracture of the femur. Boam, Elija, native of Dublin, labourer, aged 33 ; admit- ted into the hospital February 15,1870 ; died January 11 ; arrived in the colony by the ship Ellenborough, 1853 ; cause of death, phthisis, Clayton, Joseph, native of Yorkshire, black- smith, aged 21; admitted into the hospital December 12, 1870 ; died January 1 ; arrived in the colony by the Somersetshire in 1870 ; cause of death, typhoid fever. Hill, Sarah, native of Somersetshire, aged 40 ; arrived in the colony by the Undaunted in 1857 ; cause of death, gout. Kane, Cornelius, native of Ireland, labourer, aged 60 ; admitted December 19, 1870 ; died January 4 ; arrived in the colony by the Re- liance, 1850 ; cause of death, cystitis. Keay, Andrew, native of Scotland, labourer, aged 50; admitted November 29, 1870; died January 2 ; arrived in the colony by the Hope, 1859 : cause of death, typhoid fever. Kennedy, Thomas, native of Tipperary, gar- dener, aged 45 ; admitted 25th June, 1870, died 13th January, 1871 ; arrived in 1854 ; cause of death, phthisis. Lyons, Edward, native of Bristol, brick maker, aged 63 ; admitted 19th December, 1870, died 13th January, 1871; arrived in the colony in the Competitor, 1840 ; cause of death, periostitis of thigh. Mitchell, Minnie, native of Liverpool, aged 26 ; admitted 33th January, died 15th Janu- ary, 1871 ; arrived in the colony in the Fitz James, 1869 ; cause of death, phthisis. Mace, Georgina, native of London, aged 57 ; admit- ted 12th July, 1870, died 16th January ; arrived in the colony, by the Ivanhoe, 1863 ; cause of death, cancer. M'Pherson, Mary Anne, native of Scotland, tailoress, aged 37 ; admit- ted 24th June, 1870, died 19th January, 1871 ; arrived in the colony in the William Nicholls ; cause of death, phthisis. Moore, Dora, native of Durham, machinist, aged 19 ; admitted De- cember 6,1870 : died January 12 ; arrived in the colony by the Phoenix in 1858 ; cause of death, tumour. Poterson, Peter, native of Sweden, wood carter, aged 38 ; admitted January 16 ; died January 22 ; arrived in the colony in 1868 ; cause of death, internal injury. Payne, Delia, native of Cork, domestic, aged 20 ; admitted September 27, 1870 ; died January 21 ; arrived in the colony in the Royal Done, 1865 ; cause of death, phthisis. Phillips, Thomas, native of Bath, tailor, aged 56; admitted December 30, 1870 ; died January 22 ; arrived in the colony by the Queen in 1850 ; cause of death, cancer of stomach. Reynolds, Mary Anne, native of Ireland, aged 37 ; admitted January 12 ; died January 14 ; arrived in the colony by the Arabia, 1856 ; cause of death, dysentery. Saballack, Monk, native of Calcutta, labourer, aged 50 ; admitted December 30, 1870 ; died January ; arrived in the colony in 1840 ; cause of death, dyspepsia. Stock, Anne, native of Ireland, aged 22, domestic ; ad- mitted December 30, 1870 ; died January 5 ; dato of arrival unknown.; cause of death, typhoid fever. Scanderidd, Elizabeth, native of Ireland, aged 50 ; admitted September 23,1869 ; died January 8 ; arrived in the colony by the Hilbard, 1865 ; cause of death, cerebral disease. Scaht, Adam, native of Scotland, carpenter, aged 34 ; admitted January 8,1871 ; died same day ; arrived in the colony, 1852 ; cause of death, phthisis, Tait, John, native of Dundee, labourer, aged 41 ; admitted October 21, 1870 ; died January 9, 1871 ; arrived in the colony by the Maria, 1852 ; cause of death, stricture of the urethra. Thomas, Agnes, native of Shetland Islands, aged 32 ; admitted January 13,1871 ; died January 14 ; arrived in the colony in 1855 ; cause of death, disease of liver. Williams, Sarah, native of Scotland, do- mestic, aged 46 ; admitted January 17, 1871 ; died January 25 ; arrived in the colony in 1859 ; cause of death, phthisis. NOTES FROM THE SEA. Wreck of the Bahque Dashing Wave. The Dashing Wave sailed from Foo-chow on 29th July, with a cargo of teas, bound for Sydney. All went well until the 31st August. The weather was very thick, and it was blow- ing a heavy gale from the eastward, attended with violent squalls and a tremendous sea. At half-past 10 p.m. breakers were seen on the lee bow. The helm was immediately put down, and the ship in tho act of staying, when, in coming round, her heel caught the reef and she at once went on shore, the sea making a complete breach over hor. The. crew, however, managed to reach the island on which the ship had struck, The island afforded no food nor water, so it was deter- mined to repair the only boat that was saved, and stand to sea, in the hope of falling in with some vessel. For five days the crew were without any water, a glass of wine being the daily allowance for each ; then came a heavy shower of rain and relieved them. Without compass and only a blanket for a sail, tho hapless men wero drifted about for 31 days, when they providentially reached Strong's Island on the 1st October. Here thoy were received most kindly by the chief or king, who supplied them with everything the island afforded; the boat was also more effectually repaired and rigged, and on the 18th of October food, consisting of nuts and yams, having been stowed on board, together with water and a compass, they put to sea, in- tending to try and reach the Kingsmill Group. On the 22nd October, finding the boat leak- ing badly, and the wind continuing from the E.S.E., they had to run back for Strong's Island, arriving on tho 23rd, Thero they re- mained until the 5th November, when the schooner Oiiti, Captain Bateson, arrivod, and took them all on board. The crew subse- quently reached Sydney. Burning of the Ship Beacon Light.-The barque Lady Turner, which arrived in Mel- bourne from New York on the 14th January, reports the burning of the ship Beacon-Light, from Liverpool. Tho ship was destroyed by fire about 400 miles from Tristan D'Acunha, but the captain and crew reached the island safely in the ship's boats. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. The various members of the new coalition Ministry, under the premiership of Sir James Martin, the Attorney-General, havo, during the past month, gone to the country, and been all re-elected. Very strong opposition was offered to their return, but they triumphed with comparative ease, and their success has caused a reaction in their favour. This election work having practically con- sumed the month, leaves little political news to bo recorded. The Ministry having already declared views, more or loss, in favour of protection, some announcement of their intended alterations in the tariff has been anxiously looked for. I '.ttb« merest rumours have, however, trans>. ~> It was stated that Sir James Martin had luduced his colleagues to agree to a duty of £2 per ton on imported flour; but although the question waa repeatedly put at tho hustings, no re- sponso could be obtained. Nevertheless, mate- rial changes in the Customs duties are looked for. Mr. Byrnes, the new Minister of Public Works, has stated distinctly that no in como or property taxais to bo proposed. It lias boen circulated that tho Government intended to reduce the salaries of the civil servants, thoso of 200 by 2 per cent, up to £500 3 per cent., and over £500 6 per cent., and Ministerial salaries pro rata. On Tues- day lost, Parliament met, and Sir Jos. Martin met the Assembly with all his colleagues. Ho de- tailed the arrangements respecting tho forma- tion of tho Ministry, promised retrenchment, especially in the Railway department, and said the Estimates would be ready on Wed- nesday week, tho 1st prox.. Ho intondod con- fining the session to matters connected with colonial finance and tho Permanent Defences Bill. The Opposition mustered strongly, and a want of confidence motion was put upon the notice paper. It boa been stated that tho Government will not abolish tho newspaper postage at present. The actual deficit in last year's revenue, which in the lato Treasurer's statement was anticipated to be only £10,000, is found to bo £86,000. The Customs rovenuo for the past month shows a small increase. Tho leading non-political topic of tho month has been the proposed defences of Sydney Harbour, and the Executive Government have taken the work in hand themselves, Sir James Martin himself (having studiod mili- tary engineering, as well as law) selocting tho sites of the batteries. The plan adopted is to prevent the enemy's ships from entering tho Heads ; or, failing that, prevent thom from occupying any position where guns could not bo brought to bear upon them. Batteries somo containing heavy metal-aro to bo erected at Middle Head, George's Head, and South Head. In addition, there is to be a boom constructed of timber and galvanised iron wire, which is expected will prevent any vessel passing Middle Head, and two lines of torpedoes. By anticipation, tho Government quietly bought up all the galvanised iron wire in thocolony, and have called for and accepted tenders for 1,000 torpedo cases, each to con- tain 1,0001b. of gunpowder. Tho Defence Commission appointed by tho late Govern- ment, recommended the employment of gun- boats, which could be built in the colony, and which are particularly suitable to Sydney harbour, but the Governmont have hesitated at the oxponse, relying on the fact that Sydney, being a naval station, it is not likely to be left unprotected by a ship of war. Toe various works are being pushed forward with'grcat energy, and will be com- pleted within a very few weeks. Decided steps have been taken in respect to a line of mail steamers taking a direct route from Sydney to California, via Fiji, In our last mail summary wo intimated that, in view of the projected mail servico between New Zealand and California, Mr. H, H. Hall, the then contractor for the transit of tho mails from Sydney to San Francisco tii« Auckland, offered tho direct servico via Fiji above-mentioned. The departure of Mr. J. Vogel, Treasurer of Now Zealand, to San Francisco, in order to com- plote the arrangements for the Now Zealand line, of course helped to quicken matters, and consequently the new line wa Fiji is now arranged for, and will be opened in April. Tho New Zealand Government aro offered a branch line from Fiji. The present Californian service will cease with the boat leaving in March. It is held to bo probable that the contract signed by Mr. Neilson, alias M'Cann, will prove invalid. The Sydney Government have also received proposals for a steamer to run from Java to Normantown, Queensland, where telegraphic communication now ex- tends to, and thus bridge tho gap in tho tele eraph line from Australia to England. This would supply English news of 12 days old. As to general subjects, encouraging news has como from now diggings at Gulgong, whore 3,000 miners ore at work, getting from loz. to 3oz. to the dish, at a bottom of 100ft. Severo storms have raged on tho coast, and heavy rains led to expectations of ronewed floods, happily not realised. News from New Caledonia represents the iron-clad, Belli fiueuse, as still lying at Noumea. A Hono- lulu paper states that a United States war steamer had been wrecked on Desert Island, near Midway Island. A steamer was dis- patched to rescue the crew. A meeting of the CampheU clan has been called to raiso funds towards a bridal present to Her Royal High- ness the Marchioness of Lorn elect. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Parliament reassembled on tho 3rd January in order to deal with the differences betweon the Upper and Lower Houses on tho subject of the Land Bill. What theso were wo indi- cated in our last mail summary. The As- sembly at onco decided to reinsert tho clause making the personal residence of the selector necessary ; and to insist on the condition that improvements to tho amount of 15s, per acre shall be mado during the first four years. Moreover, they would not agree to the Coun- cil's proposition that 100,000 acres per annum should bo sold by auction for cash. Tho Council refused to give up their amendments. After two conferences between tho two Houses, a sort of compromise was agreed to, but it failed, through tho Speaker's casting vote, to pass the Assembly. A short bill was, however, carried tho same night, giving a sort of homoeopathic amendment of the existing law, which now still retains the system of agricultural areas, within which alone free selection is allowed, and outside which the land is disposed of by auction, but the Government havo now full power to declare areas wheresoever they please, with- out previously laying a statomont of par- ticulars before Parliament. The amended law still retains also the plan of putting up the land within the areas at a high price to begin with, but it 'allows this first upset price to he reduced within a week, instead of only monthly, as heretofore, Again, in place of exacting a deposit of 20 por cent, on selection, which is taken as interest upon the purchase money, only 10 per cent, is now demanded. The purchase-money itself is still payable at the end of five years, or its payment may be thrown forward another threo years on pay- ment of an extra 15 per cent, by way of in- terest. Personal residence is stiuinsisted on. I Thus, if the Government are liberal in the declaration of areas, the farmers will bo able to select land on tolerably satisfactory terms, notwithstanding tho loss of the compre- hensive measure which has been so long under discussion. ' In respect to the othor subjects before Par- liament, wo may mention, that tho Port Augusta Railway Bill fell through, as also did the proposition to raiso a militia force of 1,000 men. The Assembly refused to sanc- tion the latter, and met the demand for in- creased means of defence by declaring that Pailiament should be called together ia case of emergency. Meantime the port and metro- polis is without any means of defence. A correspondent thus describes the situation : " Our volunteers aro disbanded ; our weapons are chiefly worn out and unconvorted En- fields ; the military have left our shores ; and to defend the harbour at Port Adelaide we havo nothing but two unmounted Whitworth guns of heavy calibre, which aro lying in store and have never been fired." Tho Insolvency Bill has been allowed to lapse till next session. On Friday, January 13, Parliament was prorogued till the end of March. The Governor's speech regretted the loss of the Land Bill, and anticipated that half the deficiency in the Estimates would be made up byan increase in the revonuo during the present year. Notice had been given to the Imperial postal authorities of discon- tinuing participation in the ocean mail con- tract unless the steamers call at a convenient port in South Australia. Tho Primary Judge in Equity Bill was reserved for the Queen's absent, at the request of the judges. The registrar-general has published his periodical estimate of the population of tho colony. He sets down the total population of South Australia at the ena of 1870 at 181,146, which is an increase of neaily 5,000 during the year. The Government advertise for tenders by the 27th January for £20,000 of 5 por cent, bonds, redeemable on the 1st January and 1st July, 1889 ; interest payable in Adelaide or London. QUEENSLAND. Wo regret to have to announce the death of His Excellency Major Blackall, Governor of Queensland. Our last summary stated that ho had been dangerously ill, but was recover- ing. It would appear, however, that a relapse set in, which resulted in a fatal termination. Major Blackall formerly served in the 85th Light Infantry, and was commandant of tho Longford Militia. From 1847 to 1851 he re- presented the county of Longford in Parlia- ment, and at the end of that time he was appointed to tbo Lieutenant-governorship of Dominica, which ho held till 1857. In 1862 he was appointed Governor of Sierra Loone, whence in 1867 he was transferred to the Governorship of Queensland. Sir Maurice O'connell, President of the Legislative Assem- bly, was at once sworn in as Acting-Governor until a new Governor came out from England. Major Blackall, remains wero interred with great ceremony. Parliament has not sat during tho month, and in consequence there is no political news. The revenue returns for tho year have been published. Thoy show a total revenue of £743,000. end an expenditure for tho same period of £770,000, leaving a deficit on the year of £27,000. Tho formal oponing of tho new Warwick Railway by the Acting-Gover- nor is tko'only othor item .of interest for us to record. NEW ZEALAND. A startling and alarming report was circu- lated in New Zealand during the early part of the last month, to the effect that war had already beon commenced by the Waikato natives. The statement, which was a tele- graphic one, from Taranaki, was as follows : "A mounted orderly has just arrived at Waitai camp, with despatches, announcing that four natives had arrived thero from Makau, who brought intelligence that another Maori outbreak had taken place in the Wai- kato, and that 60 persons had beon slaugh- tered. Amongst those murdered was the telegraphist of the station.'' The news, however, though it soon spread abroad in New Zealand, and occasioned much alarm nt first, was speedily disbelioved. and was altogether discredited by tho Go- vernment, who had not received any intelli- gence whatever of the supposed rising of the once-formidable Waikatos. There has not been any confirmation of the reported rising, and it may, therefore, be taken as a false rumour. In the last month's summary was re- corded the murder of Mr. Todd, a Govern- ment surveyor, who, while working near tho boundary line of the confiscated lands, two miles from Alexandra, was suddenly, when breakfasting, attacked by four armed nativos, and shot dead. The land which Mr. Todd was survoying was understood to be confiscated ground, and the Government, immediately after the murder was reported, took steps with a view to secure the murderers, who were said to bo known, but their efforts, according to the last roturns, were fruitless, and such news as has been published of the negotiations was perhaps moro alarming than the murder itself. A good authority, writing from Dunedin, N.Z., says:-"The Minister of the native King is reported to have replied that he can- not interfere, because the murder was com- mitted within the native boundary. If so, Monuwbiri must profess to claim the lands confiscated within the Waikato district after the last war. This would correspond with many other things reported to have been said by the King and his chief supporters on the subject of these lands, which they apparently hope to recover as the price of future friend- ship and a promise on their part to restrain Te Kooti and such as he from furthor mis- chief. It is but just to say that nothing that the Government has done or said afforda them the slightest warrant for theso preten- sions. The fact, however, remains that these people still hold aloof from us, and still hint at the propriety of the confiscation being annulled-a proof that thoy have not yet 'accepted the situation,' and would like very much, if a fair chance presented itself, to try their strength with us again." The General Government had received letters fiom the chiefs of the various tribes through- out tho Country, condemnatory of the con- duct of the Waikatos with regard to Todd's murder; and many who used to join the Waikatos in every direction, right or wrong, expressed themselves as much dissatisfied with the unprovoked course the Waikatos had adopted during a time of peace, and when most of the tribes were betaking themselves to agriculture and other industrial pursuits. According to the latest tolegrams from New Zealand, the Maori scare in Waikato was subsiding, and the Native and Defence Minis- ter was to visit the scene of Mr. Todd's murder. The general elections to take placo about the end of January were creating consider- able excitement, the principal topic of inte- rest being tho Ministerial scheme of oxtensive public works and railways, which mot with strong opposition in some quarters of the colony, it being contended that the finauces of the country were not in a sound stato, and that there wus no prospect of so great an in- crease in the population or a revival of properity as. would save the colony from disaster if ' a vast scheme of railways was constructed with borrowed money. At a special session of the local Council, for pur- poses connected with the recent union of Otago and Southland, advantage waa taken of the opportunity to discusa the Government policy in its bearing on the future of the pro- vince, and the result was that condemnatory resolutions wero passed by a very large ma- jority. On the other hand, the policy of the Government was stated to be well supported by some of the constituencies. The Duko of Edinburgh left Auckland in the Galatea on the 16th ult., after having apparently spent a very enjoyable time in visiting the principal points of interest in New Zealand, many of which he tiavelled to in company with Sir George Bowen, tho Go- vernor. Prior to his leaving Commodore Stirling gave a picnic to the Duke and about 200 visitors on the north shore. His Royal Highness sailed for the Falkland Islands, en route to England. Before his departure bo published a farewell letter, and made hand- some donations to the local charities. "At the kororo held at Tauranga during his visit to that place," says the Otago Daily 'limes, "the Duke of Edinburgh is reported to have made tbo following speech, which shows he has made some progress in tho art of ' bunkum' oratory :-' O my friends, chiefs of the Arawa«, I have long heard of the loyal and valiant tribe of the Ara waa, and am glad to find myself among you, I havo been told that when you expected me to como here two yeais ago you made a road for my con- venience. I thank you for this mark of thoughtful courtesy, and it will give mo plea- sure to make use of that road, knowing it was made by faithful subjects of my mother the Queen. The Queen, who knew the fame of bor loyal Arawas, will be pleased when I tell her that I have travelled in your country, and as your guest, I wish you all, my friends, long life and prosperity in this your beautiful country. The mists aro rising off tho moun- tains, and the sun loóles smiling down upon you.. Farewell." Dr. Featherston, on his return from Eng- land, bad a public reception at Wellington. Hie wharf was crowded, the shipping hoisted all bunting, and it was the greatest reception ever given in Wellington. All the Cabinet Ministers were present, and over 1,000 spec- tators. Dr. Featherston was repeatedly cheered. It is said that Dr. Featherston is about to go home ogain to England as agent general of New Zealand. The Colonial Treasurer, Mr. Vogel, loft Gew Zealand on the 7th ult. for San Francisco and England, to raise a £4,000,000 loan. A wreck found at the mouth of the Tantuka was thought at Dunedin to be that of tho ship Burmah.which," having on board an unusually large cargo for Otago, Canterbury, and Nel- son, also a valuable consignment of first-class horses and cattlo together with 21 passenuers, left London at the latter end of August, 1859, for Lyttelton, which port she never rcachod. She was last heard of, when spoken by the Regina, in long. 97° E. and lat. 48° S., within 14 days' sail of New Zealand. News from Dunedin of January 4 states that the escort brought down 19,2a7oz, of gold. Tho yield of gold for the year gave an increase of 20,000oz. over the last two years. Tho December yield of the Thames goldfield was lS.OOOoz. " In reply to a message from the Superintend- ent of Auckland, directing the attention^ of the council to the importance of establishing steam communication between the port of Auckland and the Fijis, the following report vms brought up by the committee to whom the matter was referred :-"The committee havo carefully considered the question re- ferred to in the message, and have examined a number of witnesses, .comprising persons carrying on what is called the island trade, somo of whom reside in Auckland and others in Fiji. The committee have como to the unanimous conclusion that a subsidy should be given to a steamboat to trado once a month between Auckland and the Fijis, ana that the experiment should be continued for six or twelve months. They had much plea- sure in stating that tbo cost of such » service will not, in all probability, exceed £100 per month ; and having regard to the already largo trade to the Fijis from this placo, to tue increasing importance of the wholo of tuo South Sealslands, and to the special chances in favour of the port of Auckland becoming the centre of the traffic of theso islands, tuo committee.unanimously agree that the sum of £1,200 would be well expended m the en- deavour to secure this trade 1" Lyttelton news states that a large farmer in the Courtenay district, who sent to ung land some 2,000 bushels of wheat m one of tuo early ships last season, had receivod his ac- count sales, and he said that the entire cost of shipping, including loss on bags, interest on advances, and every charge reckoned, was 2s. Id. per bushel from Christchurch, lae wheat waa 8old at 52s. a quarter, and nottoa 4s. 5d. a bushel to the exporter. . Another leg-bone of a moa was, according to the Waikomili Herald, unearthed re cently by Mr. Thomas Kennard, whilo plougU ing in'a paddock on his farm at Goodwooa. The bone was said to measure over átt. i" length, and varied in thickness from 2m, w 'oin. in diameter. It was in a good stato of preservation. TASMANIA. From this colony we havo had but little news, for Parliament is not sitting, and the «oureo of affairs, public and private, appears to run smoothly. Th'oLauncostonand Western Eailway is to be opened on the 6th February, aud on the following Monday tho Governor and Ministry will make a trip, and officially declare the line completed. Several salmon -. *iave been seen in the Derwont, some of which / vere estimated to weigh from 201b. to 301b. ^tach. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Last month saw the opening of the first representative Legislative Council in this colony. Since then several important mea- sures havo been passed, all tending to placo power in the bands of local authorities. Among them may be named the formation of municipalities in the principal towns in tho colony, the transfer of the repair and making of roads to district boards, and the adaptation of the English Bankruptcy Law and other sta- tutes, having a) tendency to assimilate the law here to that in the mother country. It is proposed to borrow £100,000. to be ex- I pended on reproductive public works. As to other matters, the trado in jarrah timber is exciting attention. Tho pearl fisheries of the northern settlements aro progressing satis- factorily. In future, Malay divers are to bo .employed. _ FIJI. The news from the Fiji Islands is sugges- tive of future complications which will jrovitably arise in such a community unpro- tected by any form of government. Papers lo the 2nd January are to hand. There has ¡been some excitement at Levuka, culminat- ing in a public indignation meeting, in con fcquence of the deportation in H.M.S. Rosario of a publican named James Do Maus, at the instance of Mr. March, the British Consul. De Maus was accused of threatening io tuke the life of the consul, and that func- tionary having no other means of dealing with him, the offender persistently denying the consul's authority, the signature of Tim kornbau was obtained to a request for his di portation, and De Maus was carried off in the Rosario, leaving his hotel and a wife and ihree young children. Tho public meeting rdopted a memorial to Earl Belmore, praying (hat the consul might be recalled. Before the Rosario took her departure, Capt. Challis, ¿er commander, left with the consul a lettor addressed to tho- editor of the Fiji Times, threatening proceeding for comments on his conduct. A visit from Maafu, the principal chief of the Windward Islands, with his Tonga men and somo 200 Fijian prisoners, to Levuka, had occasioned a native riot. A settler wishing to improve his property at the mouth of Levuka Creek, made an arrange- ments with Maafu for his prisoners to execute the work. Upon a Tongan overseer directing the mon to take some stones from a side of the creek which is disputed property, the local Fijians ordered thom to desist. They took no notice of this command, however, so Hie Levuka natives set upon them in the bod of tho creek, and eventually drove them into the sea, whoro they got on board their vessels in safety. Clubs, sticks, and stones were freely ined, and one gun was fired, but no fatal casualty occurred. The Tonga mon armed themselves on board their vessels, and re- turned to Levuka to punish their assailants, who took refuge in the hills. Maafu was thon persuaded to make a complaint to the British Consul. He did so, and claimed £30 damages, threatening, in the event of his claim not being promptly satisfied, that ho would burn down the nativo town of Levuka. Ultimately some sort ot compromise was made, and Maafu and his party sailed away to their own I d'stiict. With reference to the Daphne i seizure, for slave dealing, some two I jeais ago, which resulted in tho labourers ' on the captured vessel being distributed among a few settlers who got them for nothing, on the understanding that they should be given up on demand of the owner, the British Consul has promised to order tho holders of tho men to pay the amount they were worth when seized into a bank until the claimants' identity is established. The now constitution, and the charter granted by O'bakombau to a corporate body of seven to make sanitary laws and improvements for the i public good in Levuka, havo lapsed, so that anarchy, tempered by men of war, continues to be the normal condition of the settle irent. I There aro several vessels on the berth for i Tiji, and the white population of the islands \ seems to bo steadily increasing. j The Polynesia Company havo held two I mteiings within tho month, to deal with 5 matters in dispute between their agent in \ _ iji (Mr. Butters) and the local committeo sent down to act with him. A sub-committee appointed to inquire into the matter reported .tbey wero of opinion that tho agent postponed tbe important parts of his mission to those of no particular urgency, and jeopardised the company's interests by his absence from levuka when his presence there was of the greatest importance. A fortnight was allowed tbe directors to consider this report, after which they brought up a deliverance to the effect that the sub committeo had misunder- stood the relative positions of the agent and the local committee, and had confounded much that was mere conjecture or hearsay with questions that could only bo proporly sud correctly dealt with by referring to the ¡beoks of the company, and that the strictures of the sub committee, as far as Mr. Butters ?was concerned, were wholly unmerited. It was then arranged that the directors and tho cub committeo should confer together and ibiing up a joint report on the matters in dis- pute, and lay the same before the share- holders on the 21st February next, to which day the meeting was adjourned. The natives of Samoa, a neighbouring youpof islands, hod murdered five of the «rew of the schooner Wild Duck-three whites and two Kanakas-in revenge for cruelties inflicted upon natives by previous labourves fcels. A settler named Tonemau had been slot by his partnor, M'Leod, in tho Sandwich Iblands. It was also stated that Ross Leuwin, a well-known man of ill-fame in tho South Seas, was prompting the natives of Tanna to iire on a labour vessel visiting the Now Hebrides. In a letter to tho late manager of the Poly- nesia Company, acknowledging tho receipt of a memorial requesting tbe American Govern .Bientto accept the protectorate of Fiji, Mr. latham (late United States consul in Mel- bourne) writes that the matter had been very favourably entertained by the Cabinet, and tbat, whother they entered into .a written treaty with the natives or not, thej; would ex lend the jurisdiction of the United States over the islands to the extent, at least, of establishing a court, with all necessary officers, to which Christian citizens of all nations may appeal. Should hostilities break out between -England and the United States, probably our American cousins would find quite a different use for a location so .near the Australian con- tinent. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The R.M.S. Geelong, after taking on fcoard her mails, gold, specie, and general cargo, from this port, and embarking pos seneers for Europe, India, and China, left her anchorage a few minutes after 2 o'clock on the afternoon of the 3rd inst. The R.M.S. Avoca, Captain A. B. Farqu liar, anchored in the bay shortly after 5 o clock on the afternoon of the 18th inst.. alter a very good passage from Galle and wog George's Sound. The Avoca, with it ^V.stralian and New Zealand mails, left Galle at half-past 8 a.m. on the 29th t'a "onrs a'ter tae contract time «?mdpP.atture. Sho experienced moderato &.W. winds to the 2nd inst., and had steady woe winds until the 8th inst. Theso ¥fv- folJ?wed by southerly and S W. winds «> King Goorge's Sound, where she arrived at ?» P.m. on the 12th inst. After coaling, tho ?«oca sailed from the Sound for Melbourne f?,*-"1- pn tho 13th inst., and from thence io i ort Phillip Hoads she met with moderate easterly winds. Cape Otway was passed at 10 «mutes past 7 a.m. of the 18th, and the Afi iwe_? entered at a quarter to 2 p.m. _," .,,Mwln_ ber passengers, mails, and camo, the Avoca left the bay for Sydney the some evening. tAe>iarriml of tbe new steamship Queen of iZ- ahames> on the afternoon of the 15th Novèmb %m p03session o£ EnBlish files to The Wonga Wonga arrived at Sydney at 3 Uf w 0IÎ îbo morning of tho 19th, having ii!" Honolulu on December 26. She expo Kd c.alm and baffling winds, and reached Auckland on January 14. T STATE OF TRABE. Ji_??rïePort of last month we wero com ni, I ? °take a somewhat gloomy viow of the warance and aspect of trado gonerally ' tDo dose of the year. It is, however, satisfactory to have it in our power to stato on the present occasion that the year 1871 opened out with a very much botter prospect. Merchandise previously neglected came moro prominently into notice. Sales began to bo effected with much more readi- ness, speculative attention came to be directed towards many staple articles of produce rising from time to time into favour ; buyers could be got to entertain opérations of a more extensive character with less chili cnlty, and altogether a healthier and moro re-assuring tone was assumed by tho markets generally. In regard to many staple articles of produce, the scarcity experienced had the effect of checking sales, and debarring pur- chasers from operating as extensively as thoy desired, yet the stimulus imparted by the speculative transactions in sugar reported eorly m tbo month was the moans of causing a feeling of satisfaction to be evinced such as the markets havo been strangers to for many months. Just previous to the mail's arrival it was particularly noticed that a much more eager desire was exhibited on the part of speculators to turn their attention towards certain descriptions of American goods, the prices of which had been allowed to fall below their legitimate values. A healthy reaction from the depressed and gloomy appearance of former months became, in consequence, a prominent feature in the first fortnight of the period, under review. Subsequently to tho mail's arrival, however, a marked change became perceptible, and com- plaints of dulness and want of anima- tion, havo been very numerous since the gratifying information ot the improbability of England's being involved in war came to hand, evidently showing to what extent we were indebted to the fear of complications in Europe for the life and tono imparted to tho numerous speculative inquirios with which the markets were enlivened after the opening up of the year, and since which business has been restricted to supplying moro tradorequire ments. Tho arrival of the branch steamer at Adelaide was announced hore early on the morning of tho 17th, and on the evening of the 18th the Avoca reached Hobson's Bay. Our dates from England by post reach to 2nd De- cember, and by telegraph to 27th December. It is satisfactory to observe that the exports to the colonies continue to be kopt within more moderate bounds. Those to Victoria show, indeed, an increase of £155,000, but that is traceablo to the shipments of season's soft goods alone, By this mail our dates from Calcutta reach to 19th December, from Colombo to 26th December, from Java to 14th December, and from Foo chow to 5th December. On the 21st it was telegraphed from Sydney that the Wonga Wonga, steamer, with the mails from California and America, had reached that port, by which opportunity dates were received from San Francisco to 15th December, from New York, by post, to 5th December, and by telegraph to 15th December. The commercial advices to hand are, on tho whole, of a satisfactory character. The past month's transactions, as we have already stated, have not only been more ex- tensive but havo been spread over a greater variety of goods. In bulk ales, close on 500 hhds. of Bass and Marrian's now 8eason's brew have changed hands. In Dundee goods, inquiries for cornsacks did not go beyond one week, in which period about 150 bales changed hands. Of candles the sales aggregate 9,100 boxes. Both breadstuff's and feeding grains have been much noticed, but transactions baye not been large, owing to the unre- stricted manner in which supplies have come forward. The English advices in regard to wheat have had a most unfavourable effect in South Australia, putting a complete stop on further shipments to England at present from that quarter. In hops wo noto the sale of 260 pockets old and about 150 pockets new. About 15,000 bushels malt will cover the pionth's sales of that product. Galvanised iron has been more extensively dealt in. Kerosene oil has been a good deal excited. Some 10,000 cases have changed hands, and prices have advanced at least 4d. per gallon. Transnctionsin sugar aggregato49,43lbsgs and mats, and comprise the cargoes of the Char- mian, Vana-Dis, Jan van Galen, Defiance, and Marguerite, besides other shipments. Of teas some 11,000 packages have been disposed of. The sales of timber embrace lumber, T, and G. Scotch flooring, spruce deals, red deals, &c.; Of tobaccoes, one day's sale of Cameron's manufacturo amounted in value to at leaät £20,000 ; nothing else of a special character can, however, bo noticed. In spirits, we report sales of brandy to the extent of 250 hhds. Mnrtell's, Marrett's, and Renault's. Meetings of creditors have been held in the estate of Messrs. M. and H. Fink, grocers. Geelong. The statement submitted showed liabilities amounting to £6,600 ; the assets wero estimated at £4 700 ; tho estate thus showing equal to 15s. to 16s. per pound. An offer of 10s. per pound, payable 5s. cash and 5s. their own bills, was submitted. It was, however, agreed, instead, to assign the estate to Messrs. Rankine (of Messrs. M'Callum, Neill, and Co ) and Davidson, of Geelong ; and at a subsequent meeting of tho creditors it was determined to accept the offer made, payable 5s. cash, 2s. Od. bill at three months, and 2s. Gd. bill at six months, the latter secured. A meeting of creditors was also held at Geelong, in tho estate of Mr. J. H. Widdi combe, miller, near Geelong. The balance sheet submitted showed liabilities amounting to £8,0G3, of which £2,300 is secured. The assets were estimated at £5,977, inclusive of tho amount held by secured creditors. An offer was made by Mr. Widdicombe of 7s. Cd. per pound, payable at one, two, and three months, his own bills, or 6s. 8d. per pound secured, and after some discussion it was agreed to assign the estate to Mossrs. Fvering ham and Trethowan, with the intention that an arrangement such as proposed should be carried out. An unfortunate error occurred in our com- mercial monthly summary for England, pub- lished lost month. It waa mentioned that "Mr. Mark Moss, fancy goods importer, with liabilities amounting to £7,000, chiefly due in England, assigned his estate to Messrs. John De Pass and E. Cohen." This,, so far as Mr. MaTk Moss, tho well known bill-discounter, is concerned, is entirely incorrect. Tho name should bave been givon as Mr. Moss Hart. Tenders for the stock of Messrs. Dickson Brothers and Co., warehousemen, whose estate is being wound up, wero opened on Thursday by Messrs. Lyell and Gowan, as trustees for the creditors. The highest tender was that of Messrs. M'Arthur, Sherrard, and Copeland, for £30,350, which was accepted. Tbo price was considered a satisfactory one. The reports and balance-sheets of tho Land and Mortgage Bank, the Ballarat Banking Com- pany, the Commercial Bank, the Southern Insurance Company, the National Insurance Company, the Collingwood, Fitzroy, and Dis- trict Gas Company, the City of Molbourne Gas Company, as likewise the genoral ab- stract of the liabilities and assets of the Oriental Bank and the Colonial Bank, have all been published, and summaries will bo found in another column of this issue. Tenders for the City of Dunedin Corpora- tion loan wero opened on the 24th instant, by Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co., the agonta appointed to act hore, and a great portion of the debentures wero allotted at £110 to £112. The balance is still in the market. EXCHAHCE AND JIONEY. We report no alteration whatever this month on either exchange, discount rates, or the rates of interest. The selling rates of bank drafts on England for the present mail are 2 per cent, premium for sight bills, li per cent, for 30 days', 1 per cent, for 00 days', and j per cent, for 90 days' sight bills. The banks discount two months' bills at 6 por cent., three months' bills at 7 per cent., and four months' bills at 8 per cent. The maximum rato of interest allowed on deposits of six months or longer is 4 per cent, on three months' deposits, 3 per cent, and 2 per cent, for one month's deposits. WOOL. At the various sales of this produco held in Melbourne during the month, 15,289 bales were disposed of. Greasy realised 51d. to8jd.; scoured from 8Jd. to 173d., and iloooe from 9d. to 19èd. per lb. STOCK AND STATIONS. From the interior, we learn, through the Pastoral Times of 21st December, that " throughout the pastoral districts from the Murray to Rockhampton the inquiries are for store stock, especially cattlo, of which primo store aro not tobo had in any numbers. Such is the demand for them that wo are in- formed it would pay the cattle-ownors in the back country of Queensland to empty their runs of cattle and send them to the south for sale. We havo seen a letter from, a large stockowner in Queensland stating that store cattlo aro uncommonly scarce, and that he could sell all his bullocks at 90s. and cows at 70s., delivered on the station, twelve or thirteen hundred miles from the Murray, There are thousands of fat cattle now on their way to the Victorian markets from Northern Queensland. One cattle-buyer, after three months' travel in the latter colony, has returned to Brisbane, and has failed to buy a single head of cattle. Consequent upon this great demand for beef, many Queensland stockowners are trying to sell their runs with their cattle-they are, in fact, taking advantage of the riso in stock to clear out advantageously to thomselves. At Maitland, iequiromenU m fat cattlo havo been fully met with a supply of stock varying in quality from medium to prime. Mr. G. P. Desailly reports the sale, for Messrs. Dalgety,. Blackwood, and Co., of tho Kilfera Station in tho Lower Darling district of New South Wales, together with 30,000 sheep, to Messrs. John Reid and Alex. S. Balcombe." IlirORTED STOCK. Two very fino pure Durham shorthorn bulls, two-year-olds, and of the best strain, havo just been importod here, to the order of Messrs. Ryan and Hammond, by the clipper ship True Briton, which nrriyod in Hobson's Bay on the 19th inst. Courtier, one of tho bulls, is a roan, and was calved on Octobor 8,18G8, and waa got by 11th Duke of Oxford, his dam being Beauty of Munden. Eleventh Duke of Oxford was by 3rd Grand Duke, for whom Mr. Bolden refused 1,000 guineas. Ho was the siro of several of the animals sold at the Willis's Rooms' sale ot an average of moro thun 500 guineas each, and was bred by His Grace tho Duke of Devonshire, at Holker-hall. The second bull, Wether bit, is a rich roan, and waa calved on July 12, 1868. Ho is by 8th Baron Wothorby, his dam being Lady Mabel by John O'Gaunt, and his grandam Lady Fairbairn by 5th Duke of Oxford. John O' Gaunt was by 2nd Duke of Cambridge) by Grand Duke, who was sold for 1,000 guineas ; 5th Duke of Oxford was by Duko of Gloucester, a very cele- brated bull, a son of Grand Duke, and was sold to go to America at a high price ; 7th Duke of York was bred by tho celebrated breeder Captain Gunter, and was let for several years at 120 guineas per annum, and afterwards sold to those who used him for 500 guineas. It will thus be seen that those bulls aro of no ordinary lineage. They received every care and attention on the voyage, and thoir con- dition reflected credit on those who had charge of them. In addition to tho bulls, there were also on board six fine white swans for Mr. T. C. King. IMPORTS AND. EXPORTS. The following table gives the imports and exports of the port since the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1870 : w Imports. Exports. Ending 1870. 1871. 1870\. | 1671. Dec. 81.. Jan. 7.. Jan. H.. Jan. 21.. £ 211,187 234,080 288,307 354 093 £ 164 4G4 102,201 238,011 204.018 110,610 , 101,801 573,985 , 807,808 232 987 ¡ 337 089 95,331 , 310,170 1,088,280 850,084 1,012,823 1,550 408 During the first period the account stood thus : Imports .£1,083,280 Export« .1,012 824 Balance of importa over exports £75,403 During the second period : - Imports . £859,984 Exporta . 1,658,408 Balance of exports over Imports £098,424 Comparing the above periods with each other, the results are as under : ImportB in 1870 .£1,088 236 Imports in 1871 . 859 984 Decrease In 1871. 228 302 Exports in 1870 .£1012,823 Exports in 1871 .. .. _ 1,556 408 Increase in 1871.£543,686 STOCKS IN BOND. Tho following were tho stocks in bond at Melbourne on January 21 ¡-Brandy, 6,600 hhd., 23,835 cases ; rum, 1,254 hhd., 599 cases ; geneva, 88 hhd., 60,716 red cases, 5,320 green cases; whiskey, 1,071.1 hhd., 5,179 coses ; gin (sweetened), J hhd., 3,842 cases; cordials, 751 cases; spirits of wine, 144 hhd.; other spirits, 4,904 cases; wine, 0,3021 hhd., 20,612 cases; beer, 1,225^ hhd. 28,284 cases and casks; tobacco, manufac- tured, 1.47S half-tierces, 518 quarter-tierces,,, 7,018 three-quarter boxes and boxes, ' 4,021 cases : do., unmanufactured, 284 hhd. and casks, 525 cases, 1,340 bales ; candles, 134 chests, 36,789 Boxes ; flour, 1,192 bags; cigars, 744 cases; kerosene, 17,320 cases ; cocoa and chocolate, 326 packages ; tea, 19,87'J chests, 58,918 half-chests, 38,317 boxes ; coffee, 864 bags, 51 tierces, 385 casks, 577 barrels ; wheat, 36 bags ; sugar-Mauritius 14,185 bags, 3,365 pockets, Java 1,552 bags 1,758 baskets, 240 mats, Manilla 80,803 mats, He union 57 bags 100 mats, other ports l8 bags 5 mats, other sugar (refinery) 532 tons, 10 cases and casks ; chicory, 213 packages ; opium, 161 packages ; oats, 1,810 bags ; hops, 1,562 pockets ; rice, 11,208 bags ; salt, 30,922 bags; vinegar, 452 casks, 1,966 cases. BANKS AND PUBLIO COMPANIES. Ballarat Banking Company.-The half yearly meeting is to bo held on the 1st prox. The gross profits of tho past half-year, after making provision for bad and doubtful dobts, amount to £6,531 6s. lid., which, with the balance from the previous half-year, makes a total of £10,126 Is., for application as fol- lows :-Payment of interest to depositors and current expenses, £2,750 8s. 6d. ; dividend at tho rate of 10 per cent, per annum, £3,231 19s. 2d. : further addition to reserve fund, £1,000; balance to new profit and loss ac- count, £3,143 13s. 4d. Polynesia Company.-An adjourned meet- ing was held on the 10th inst., torecoivothe report of the sub-committee appointed to inquire into the matters in dispute between the local committee and Mr. Butters, the special commissioner, and to draw up sug- gestions for the future management of the company's affairs in Fiji. The sub-corn mitteo brought up a voluminous report, dealing with each charge and counter charge. With regard to the proceedings of the local committee in selecting lands at Suva, the sub-committee, while tbey did not find Mr. Butters's charges were sufficiently supported, thought that, as a matter of caution, the se- lections made by the several members of the local committee and others of lands near Suva Bay should not bo confirmed until full plans of the town and harbour of Suva had been received from the company's sur- veyor. On a review of tho whole matter, the sub-committee wero of opinion that Mr. Butters postponed the important parts of his mission to those of no particular urgency, and jeopardised the company's interest by his absence from Levuka when his prosenco there wits of the greatest importance. It was considered that the subsequent collision of the local committee with Mr. Buttors arose in a great measure from neither being in- structed by the directors as to their relative duties and position. The report also con- tained a number of suggestions for the better management of the company's affairs. The principal were that the local committoo should bo enlarged, and the special commis- sioner entirely superseded by them ; that thoir head- quarters should bo Suva ; and that agents should be stationed at Levuka and Bau : that the survey of the company's lands should be pressed on, tho lands regulations amended, and tho time for selection ex- tended to the end of the present year; and ¿bat inducements be held out to steam com- panies to make Suva, tho site of the future township, a port of call. An adjournment for a fortnight took place, to enable the share- holders to consider tho suggestions. On the 24th instant, when the shareholders mot again, tbo directors brought up a deliverance to the effect that tho sub-committee had mis- understood the relative positions of the anent and tho local committee, and had confounded much that was mero conjecture or hearsay with questions that could only bo properly and correctly dealt with by referring to the hooks of the company, and that the strictures of the subcommittee, as far as Mr. Buttors was concerned, were wholly unmerited. Aftor some discussion it was arranged that tho directors and the sub committee should confer togcthor, and bring up a joint report on the matters in disputo, and lay the samo beforo the shareholders on the 21st February next, to which day the meeting was ad- journed. Victoria Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company.-The tenth half-yearly meeting was held on the 13th inst. at Geelong. The directors were not able to present so satisfac- tory o statement as usual. A clear proßt of £900 3s. 8d. for the half year ending Novem- ber 30 was shown, and this, added to the balance from the preceding half year, made the total available profits £3,108 17s. 3d. This, however, was less by £47117s. 6d. than was shown in the former balance-sheet. The general statement shows the capital £21,928 ; debts and liabilities duo by the company, £12,49219s. 3d. ; wear-and-tear reserve fund, £850 2s. Id. T.otal, £35,271 Is. 4d. The assets aTe-property, building, and machinery, £25,894 15s. 5d. ; stock in-trado, £9.957 123. 7d ; dobts, &c.;, duo to tho company, £2,52710s. 7d. There had been a stoppage of the works during the half-year, while new machinery was boing erected. The Bales for the half-year amounted to 27,216 yards, showing a falling off of 10,000 yards as compared with the returns of the previous six months, which falling off waa attributed to depression in trade, and (alleged) attempts at underselling on the part of importers. No dividend was recommended on account of large purchases of wool which the directors had had to make. When in full work, the company could manufacture 3,000 yards of cloth per week. In the discussion upon the reports and balance-sheet, a hope was exprossed that somo assistance would be rendered to the company by tbo imposition of protective duties ; but it was elicited from tho directors (who desired protection) that the company could carry on against fair com- petition. The reports were adopted. Geelong Gas Company.-A special meeting was held on tho 10th inst., Mr. C. Ibbotson, chairman. A resolution was passod em- powering the directors to raise, £3,600 by debentures at 0 per cent., for the purposo of paying off the balance (£3,000) of a loan from the Hon. H. Miller, at8 per cent, and a fur- ther loan of £500, incurred for laying down extra mains. Patent Safety Blasting Powder Company. This is a company for tho manufacture of a new description of blasting powder, patented by Mr. C. B. Longbottom. Experiments havo gone to show that the powder will not ex- plode, though it will burn in tho open oir, and that explosion only takes place when it has been thoroughly rammed or compressed. An explosive force, superior to that of gun- powder, is claimed for it. At a meeting hold on tho 17th inst., Messrs. Houghton, Long- bottom, Masters, and Peel were appointed as tho board of directors, and Mr. Wood was appointed secretary. Tho directors were re- commended to begin work at the oarliest opportunity. Land Mortgage Bank of .Victoria.-The thirteenth half-yearly mcoting took placo on the 20th, when tho directors submitted a report to the following effect :-" The gross profits for the half-year, inclusivo of £1,034 16s. 9d. brought forward from last account, amount to £11,067 10s. Id, The interest to depositors amounts to £4,080 as. lid., after payment of which, together with all current cbaiges here and in London, say £2,393 7s. Cd., there remains a net balance of £4,587 10s. 9d., out of which the directors recommend the usual dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, and that the balance of £1,2816s. 9d. bo earned forward to tho noxt account, Arrangements have been made for the issue of debentures on tho London mar- ket, somo of which havo already been placed at par. Tho report and statements wore adopted, and Sir Francis Murphy and the Hon, C. J. Jenner weio re-elected directors. National Insurance Company.-The sixth half-yearly meeting will bo held on the 7th February.^ The report to bo submitted by the directors informs the shareholders of a moro satisfoctory state of matters than existed at the former meeting. The losses, though numerous, only amount to half what they wero in the six months ending 30th Juno. On that date, the paid-up capital was en- croached on to the extent of £1,052, and several claims remained unsettled. Now, however, not only is the capital account restored to its original condition, but all tho claims referred to havo been paid off, and a balance remains of £1,624, which, in tho opinion of the directors, will pay off evory loss incurred and in courso of settlement up to the 3l8t December, and leave a surplus. The receipts of the post half-year had been considerably abovo the average of previous half-years, In the profit aud loss account for the half-year, it is shown that tho expeuses of monogement and losses by fire amount to £7,886 5s. 7d. The net premiums, after de- ducting re-Insurances, commission, and ex- penses of agencies, amount to £10,065 17s. 3d. Southern Insurance Company.-The 13th half-yearly meeting is to take place on tbe 3rd February. The directors' report (already published) shows that tho net premiums for the year 1870 amounted to £80,791 7s. 2d., and the losses paid and appertaining to tbo year to £29,176 7s. lid. The business of tho past half-year had been restricted on account of the lateness of the wool season, and by tho closing of some of the foreign agencies. Tho account for 1869 was closed, and exhibits a debtor balance of £21,28314s, lid. But it is pointed out that the business of marine insur- ance during the pastsix years had been almost universally disastrous, and this company had not experienced an immunity from losso?. Tbe fact that since its establishment in 18G1 the company had paid no less than £420,781 16s. 4d. of claims, distributed £38,223 among the shareholders in dividends, preserved its capital of £100,000 intact, and had carried bevond it a balance (subject to thu con- tingencies of current risks) of £53,70S, en- couraged the hope that if only ordinary losses were sustained during the present year the result would be a very satisfactory one. A dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, for tho last half-jenr is recommended. It appears from the statement of receipts and expendi- ture for tho half-year that the net pre- miums amounted to £33,320, and interest to £3,354. The marine losses on 1869 account had been £11,091, on 1870 account £24,029: £13,708 is the amount of tho balance carried forward to next half-year. A resolution is to be submitted, in connexion with the report, for extending the operations of tho company to insurances against fire, City of Melbourno Gas and Coko Company. -The half-yearly meeting took place on the 24th inst ; Mr. T. Moubray, chairman. Tho directors' report for tho half- yeaT ending 31st December was as follows :-" The sum of £10,636 6s. Sd. at credit of the profit and loss account is apportioned as follows :-Divi- dend at tho rate of 8 per cent, per annum, £8,763 16s. 8d. ; to debenture- redemption fund, £1,500 ; carry forward, £372 10s. Total, £10.636 6s. 8d. The wholo of the material for tbe No. 3 retort-house and its appliances is to hand, and arrangements aro in progress for nn immédiate commencement with its erec- tion. The operations of the company during the half-year have beon carried on uninter- ruptedly, and to the satisfaction of the directors." Tho accounts show that the gas rates for tim half-year carno to £35,733. The report and statement of accounts were ndopted. A proposition for declaring a divi- dend of 9 per cent, met no support, and a dividend, as recommended by the directors, was declared. Collingwood, Fitzroy, and District Gas Com- pany.-The half-yearly mooting was hold on the 26th inst. The directors' report accom- panying the financial statements tor the half i ear ending 31st December, 1870, congratu- lated the shareholders on continued success : and although business generally had been very seriously depressed, yet tho losses wero moderate compared with tbo increasing busi- ness of the company. Tho net prouts justified a recommendation of the usual dividend and bonus. Tho rapid progress of the city and suburbs rendored it necessary to ask for powers to raiso additional capital for the purposo of enlarging the works and providing additional mains, &c.; The gas rates amounted to £19,967. and the ^surplus of receipts over ex- penditure was £4,028. Tho report and state- ments were adopted, and a dividond at the rato of 10 per cent., with a bonus of Is, per sharo, was daclared. Mr. Barlow was re-elected as a director. Tho directors wera authorised to raise £20,000 additional capital by the sale of debentures or the issue of fresh shares. THE BANKS. The following general abstracts, showing the average amount of tho liabilities and assets of the undermentioned banks, taken fiom the several weekly statements during the quarter from the 1st October to 31st De- cember, 1870, is published in the Gazette : ORIENTAL BANK OOPORATION. " "¡ablution-NotCB Id circulation not bearing in- terest, £74,072 7». 8d. ; bille In circulation not bearing ¡ntorokt, £28 88718s. ltd.; balances duo to other banks, £41,023 3b. 9d.; deposits, not boarlng Intoroát. £158,013 18s. lOd.; dopoKlu, bearing intorost, £410 87811«. 0(1. Total oinouut of liabilities, £718,070 0«. 8d. AbboU Coined gold and silver, and other coined motila, £00,808 8a. 5d. ; gold and silver In bullion or bars, £07,214 7a. Od.; laudod proporty,£10 000 ; notos and billa ot other banka. £4,415 0s. 2d. ; ba- lances due lrom othor banks, £37,002 Id. 2d ; amount of all debts duo to tho bank, Including- notoa, bills of exchanco, and all stock and funded dobta of every dosciiptlon, oxcopting notos, billB, and balancos due to tho said bank from othor banka, £950.056 8s. 3d. Total amount of asset«, £1,229,015 lflj.Od. The roturn aleo lncludca tho following ¡-Amount of tho capital Btock paid up at thin dato, £1,600,000 ; rate of the last dividond declared to tbo ebaroholdera, 12 por ci nt! ; amount of the last dividend declared, £00,000 ; amount of tho reserved profits at tho time ot declar- ing such dividond, £444,000." COLONIAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA. " Liabilities-Notos in circulation not boarlng Interest, £86,747 18s. lOd. ; bills in circulation not bearing lntoioit, £1,245 7a. 5d ; balances duo to other banks, £22 822 Ol. lOd. ; deposits, not bo«rlnir interont, £245,208 15s. 4d ; deposits, bear- ing In toro»), £700,722 4s. lid. Total amount of liabilities, £1,001,740 8s. 4d. Awots-Oolnod gold and silver, and other coined metals, £107,320 6s. Od ; gold and silver In bullion or bars, £27,810 7s. 8J.; landed Eroporty. £66 763 15s. 7d.; notoa and billa of other ankB, £12,472 15a. Od. ; balances duo from other banks, £80,81011s. 6d.; amount of all debts duo to the bank. Including notes, bills of oxohango, and all stock and funded dobta cf every description, except- ing notes, bills, and balancea due to tbo asid bank from other banks, £1,281270 18s. Tolat amount ol asset», £1,678,453 14s. Til o return also lncludca the follow- ing :-Amount of tbo capital stock paid up at this date, £487,500 ; rate ot the last dividond deolarod to the shareholders, 8 per cent ; amount of tho last divlilond declared, £17,500 ; amount of tbo rosorrod profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £65,000." BAKK OP NEW SOUTH WALES. " Liabilities-Notes In circulation not bearing In- terest, £144,431 15s. 4d ; bills In circulation not bearing interest, £807 ISs. lOd. ; balanoos duo to other banks. £2,678 0i. ; deposits, not bear- ing interest, £433 343 4i. 2d. ; dopoBllB bearlDg In- terest. £1,080820 12s. 8d. Total amount of liabili- ties, £1,007,600 12*. Astota-Coined poid and silver, and otber coined metals, £215,020 12s. lOd. ; Bold and kllvor In bullion or bars. £71,183 15s. lOd. : landed property, £47,64218s. lid. J notes and billa of othor bank», £10 048 16», ; balanooB due from othor banltB, £20 386 18s lid ; amount of all debts duo to the bank, including note«, bills of exchange, and all Block and funded debts of every description, except- ing notes, bills, and batanaos duo to the said bank from other bmka £1 331,216 10s 4d Total amount of aetots £1 738 250 18s lOd Tbo return also include» tbo following -Amount of the capital steck poid up at the close of the quarter ending 31st Decom ber 1870, £1 000 000 , rate of the last dividend do clartd to tho ihareboldora 10 per cont per annum, nmount of tbe last divldond doclared £SO0uO, amount of the reserved profits at the time of de- claring such divldond £800 000 " MELBOURNE MONTHLY WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Offlco, Saturday Evonlng In the Import markets we havo this month to roport that business has assumed a much moro satiatactor) aspect, with a botter inquiry for goads Sales havo been moro readily effected, and transactions have been moro of a wholesalo and less of a retail character than for a long time past. In bulk alta tlio arriv al of tho now soatons brow has holped to onllvou that market. Both bottled ales and stout havo nott how over, beon so much noticed In bagging, with the excoptlon of ono. weeks transactions llttlo has been done The same remark may apply to candles Oomonts have maintained a arm, steady appoaranco Ohemicals have not shown much activity Coffeo bas boen llttlo dealt In Con fcctloncry has been moro looked after In cordago little ot Importance baa transpired Fish I» Improving Fruit« havo declined In broadstuiTs a considerable advance has been established Feeding grains have also risen in valuo Blasting powder la a ahado firmer Hops aro vory doprossod Malt baa improvod in value In oils considerable excitement at ono time pervaded the markot Oilmen's stores moot with a good deal of fat our Provisions are quiet Quicksilver is higber Elco is better Salt has ahcalthlorlook. Insugar a large business has beon dono though greatly enocked by the advance in price Teas bave been exceedingly dull In tobaccoes, with the exception of one tranaac tlon, sales havo not boen largo Timber continuos to maintain an Improving tendency Wines and spirits are still vory depressed, notwithstanding that aomo largish salis havo transpired in tbo couraoof tho month, thoo ha\ing beon morely exceptional Ale and Stout -In bulk boors business has this month been enlivened by the arrival of tho now season's brew, which has led to a llttlo more anima tlon, otherwlso the amount of business transacted has not beon of much account Ou tho first arrival of Harrlan'sneweeason'saleNo 8 the groatorpart of tho Bhipment was cleared off in parcels at £8 10s , and a Uno of 60 hhdB No 4, a portion of the »arno involco, was placed on torms withheld Tbo Avlomore'a con slgnmcnt of No 4 Bass's alo, now brow,was quitted at £8 10a , and wo understand thateovoral othor involcos of this brand segregating 800 hbds, were also cloarod off, to arrive, at similar ligures Joule's old searon's alo is quitted in moderato lots at £7 fis to £7 10s , but a sufficient concession on this prico would bo allowed to lnduco largor purchases than aro bclDg mado at present The Carlisle Company a has roalibod up to £7 10', but the stock of old is now quite exhausted Tbeto Is nothing vvbatovor doing in bulk stout Bottled alca have boon vory llttlo dealt In In tho ordinary courso of trado, wo note, howevor, tho talc by auction of Bomo very considerable parcels In faulty condition Foator'a now meets with a ready sale at 0 Od Dloods ia disposed of at Oa Od Ton nent's is moved if at 0s to 0? 3d Dovonlah'a ha? commanded 9s to Og 3d For Allsopp s 8a 6d lo 8s Sd is required Aitkon's is quoted at 8s Od , though we bollevo that 8» Sd was accepted for an entiro shipmont Arrol's la quoted at 8s Cd to 8s 7Jd Jeffrey's, in Improvod condition is onco moro making Itswa> in the markot, wo quoto8s 3d to8s Gd This week tomo 2,000 cases and cask« ales and stout damaged aud faulty, were quitted under tho hammor at various prices, rUing to 6s Od Bottled stouts havo met with only a modérât« inquiry Sales of pig brand woro made »t Os Sd at which figuro the agenta banda woro elland out, aud tor iho present the market Is bare of su; piles tor Buikos we quote 0s 3d Fostor'a ia disposed of at 0s 3d Blood's has mot with purchasers at Os Macben's mock champagnes have boon offering at 8s 3d to 8b Od without bolng responded 10, -no observo, however, that on Thursday last (tho 26th inst} somo 2 000 cases were ofiorod undor tho hammer and about 1,100 coses wero cleared off at prices -varying according to dates ot shipmont 0 Brien a dagger brand still moots with favour, tho beer is toort" and at the price paid this brand Is considered about the boat bargain ottering Small pareólo bring 8; Jd to 8* Sd , but for largo lines, of which sevoral transactions havo boon made public, a trifle lons monoy 1b accepted For B ass we quote 7d Od to 8» Borthwick s Is saleable at 7s 0J Bugging -In Dundee goodi thero lisa boon little doing throughout the month Tbo weok previ ms to 1I0 mails ariival some animation was ovnnced and about 150 bales chai ged banda al 11s Od In quantity, Us 8d was at samo timo accepted for light weight, slnco thon the pilco has nominally stood at 12i , but notwithstanding every at empt to do buslnoas the tuyers cannot bo got to oporato Woolpacks aro ne- glected but that is not more than might bo oxpected, wo quote Sp 6d to 3s Od Gunnies aro still quiet, 1 elng likewise out of season Our Calcutta advices »port 350 bales s«ck> and about BOO bale» gunniod, as likely to como forward by the Wimmora to leave in January Loota and Shoos- The tvockly sale3 of boots and Bhoos have not had so satisfactory au Itsuo aa ou 'ormor occasions wo havo boen ablo to report This week especially the sales recorded havo not been of so Iav ourablo a character Some 480 cases wero dltposod I and at Tutula) « sale it is statod that thero was a largo attendance of tho trade w bo Boomed quite indiB [KBed to go into stock Although tho goods wero re- cently to hand and of tho host descriptions yet bid dings were excoeelvoly languid and tho auctioneers only Bucceoded In disposing of 111 trunks and cases, at prices showing a decline on previous sales rho following day 212 packages Stead and Simpson's and other manufacturers booti and shoos woro sold at prices which show an advaDco on somo linos of mens and boya' and youths goods of 7J to 10 por oont, and n other classes of 21 to 6 por cent abovo our laBt rales rates TI 0 trado waa largely roproaontod, and bindings throughout woro spirited Candles show llttlo improvemont On tho day the mail steamar wa« expected to como In, a movement vvi>s Initiated In anticipation of tbo Htusiau difficulty loiding to advanced pricca but her arrival waa tolo trained beforo anything of conaequonco could bo dono The market however stlllouod and 10Jd was realised for a treat poilljn of the parcels then dis- posed of, somo 6 000 boxes wero cleared off privately This weok howovor, a reaction was caused by tho buyers refusing to purchase at tbo auction salo at any thin), over lOJd for host brands aud lOd tor outside brands, io which dee Ino sellers had to submit and Hero aro now no bujers above, about ISOOboxoi nero quitted Somo 2 SOO boxes woro quitted oarlior in the month at lOJd for sound, and a proportionate reduction for damsLod Mall advices havo proved exceedingly favourable in regard to shipments but ¡?tocksaroyetsuillciently heavy to discourse spocu I tors Cement -Vi o noto a voiy buoyant healthy markot All the shipment« ol Fortland which havo come for »ard havo been cleared away as quickly as tho/ havo come tu hand and none as far as «o cao toara have boon allowed to hangover, the prlooB roaliBod moro iver have been fully up to formor rates Whites and brands in equallavour,havobroughtl6s Od to 10« , utsldo brands havo leon quitted at 15b to 15s 3d American plastor bes beon very steady A parcel waa so d a few day b ago at 14«, but far tho ouly shipment 1 ovv in importer hands, wo boar that 16s Is asked. Chemicala -Fow changes havo occurred in any ot these items during the month Soda crystals 1 ro firm at £0 15s Holders would Uko to got moro money, but tho buyorB retuao to operate at anything ovor Ânothor month of Bhipmonts almost a blank may, however turn tho acalo in favour of Importers 1 urbonato of soda Is quoted at £16 10s, but for somo di posed of this weok at auction £14 15b had to bo taken Caustic Is offering at £1010s for strength 60, I which the market is vory full, strength 75 Is, how ever scat co, and lim boon got rid of at os high an ?22 to £24 Flour of sulphur haa declined to £10 to £20, at which sales havo been roportod of late Tar laric acid is disposed of at 2s , and sales ot cream of tartar hat0 beon mado hy auction at Is ljd Owing 10 a great decrease in shipments, prepared opium has 1 een moro lookod alter, and the price has advanced to 23s to 23s Od Chicory -Thero Ib little to refer to in tho way ol bsIcb especially of imported brands, as no oxport de mand whatovor comos under our notlco, while for local purposes tbo trifling inquiry oxporloncod la al- lon od to run on colonial grown alone, which wo quote at 4Jd to did Imported realises 2:]d in bond Coiloe -In so dull a season as the prosont, trade in thin staplo Ib particularly quiet, only a msdorato trado Inquiry oxista at unaltered rates Plantation is quitted at Od toOJd and OJd , according to quantity Nativo ia quoted at Od to Cid , Java according to samplo, would bring up to 7 Id Thoatockot this latter description though small, appears, howover, quito ampio for the demand Our datos from Colombo, which reach to 20th December, roport tho arrival there of the Bend, and bor probable departuro on her return voyage hither In all Decembor Throo weeks ago tho William arrlvtd from Colombo vlil Mauritius, ai d she added a shipmont of 205 casks 42 tlorcos 75 barrels, 38 bags plantation, and 300 bags natlv 0 oolloo to our stocks Confectionery -Wo noto a slightly Armor fooling Sales of Keillor a assortments havo boon made at Od to OJd but 0Jd Ib not unfroquontlv required Colonial onsortod finds buyers at 8Jd Oandlod pool la quoted at Is, and jujubos which at one timo rcaltsod 15d are now offering at 14 jd Cordage-Avery fair demand for trado purposos haa existed, and almost all descriptions havo mot with a moderato amount of attoutton Values «how little alteration Half to three quarter Inch cordago lins brought 8}d toOd por lb , according to quality , and rope assorted from ono inob to four and a half inch bIzcb commands £65 (or first, and £00 (or second quality Bolt ropo Ib quoted at £05 Flat rope ia in Blow sale at £78 to £80 Oolr ropo, hawaor size la saleable at £60 Cordage and rope made from New Zealand flax aro disposed of at prlcos ranging from £43 to £o0 Seaming ttvlnoa bring 13d to 13Jd A now feature tblBseason la tho revival in tho domand for wool laBbingat£40 with which tho manufacturers ultimately hopo to auporsodo the uso of hoop Iron in wool packing altogothor Now Zoaland (lix has como forward moro frooly, and is now Belling at£10 to £24 Hab - BuBlness In this markot is Improving Ling la disposed of at Od Half barrels white horrings aro quitted at 33b to 83s Od lib horrings havo becomo scarce, and salcB havo boon mado as high as 7s Od Bed horrlriBB aro wanted at SBs lib salmon has boon placed at 12s to 12a fld A shipmont ef Californian salmon, pickled io barrels, was cleared of! by auction at 4Jd to 43<1 Sardines aro very firm, a consign- ment of 200 coses was takou up a day or two ago at 13« for halves and 7s Od for quortora lib oysters have beon placed at aa much as 8a Od, and lib lobsters are disposed of at 11s Sd to Its Od Fruits -The declino on currants this month oxem pliOcB tho extreme fluctuations which ocour, often without reason, in this market At Christmas time, up to 7d. was obtained while throughout January nothing over 6d. could bo got, sales havo boon mado al tbls prico and a aliado undor Raisins aro quotod at 43d for Kieme, Valencia, and Cape, but thore is no inquiry Sultana aro verv scarce and almost out of tbo market, wo ouoto 7d Muscatel aro Uko wiso in Eomowhat scanty supply , Od to lOd is ro quired Figs maintain a quotation ot 5d to Od., but are not much »anted Dried aoploa aro In alow aale Flour and Grain -Tho scarcity oxporlencod In the eupply of breadatuffs had the effect, In tho first fort night of tho month of sending up tho prico of flous from £2 to £210s. por ton, or 2s to 2a Od per contal Brands which wero (oiling in tbo beginning oi the moDth at £1210s pertos, or 12s 04 pot conto), reise. . ". , _ i ii ». T0Hi p0I to £14 10b. to £15 per ton, or 14s. fid. to .. . 8d. cental. Wheat In Uko manner advanced from 6». --i to 6s. ed. per bushol, or from 9s. 2d. to 10a. lOrf. »v. cental, and af tor barely touching tho latter figuro, hvt tettlod down for the last toitnlght at Os éd. par bushel, or 10s. Ojd. per cental for Adelaldo ; Victorian, pooiieh quality, being quitted at Oí 2d. por basbol, or 10s. 3Jd. por cental, A considerable parcol of Tas manían was placed at 6s. Id. per bushel, or 10s. 1W. per cental. New Zoaland was sold at 5s. 8d. to Cs. 6d. por bushel, or 8s. Od. to 9s. 2d. por cental, of courio, under the circumstances, the amount of business done has not beon large, nor do llio sales reported coll for any special notice. The advicos from England, quoting 52s. to Sis. per quarter, have served to cauBo a good deal of disap- pointment, putting a stop as they havo dono to a large export buelneBs springing up, and an anticl , pated advance in prlco. Sates from California have reached to the )0lli Dccomber, but at present the state of the markot thoro is of comparatively little Interest. In feeding grains, wo- report a vory cons! derable Improvement llkowlso. A very fair trado has been done in oat«, and prices havo gono up from 3s. 4d. to 3s. 7d. per buibol, or 8s. 4d. to 8s. lljd. per contal, to 3a. 10(1. to 4s. per bushel, or 0s. 7d. to 10a. per cental, tho price ruling now and for tho past woek. Great scarcity of malzohasbeonoxporloncod, and values In tho courso of tho month roso from 4t. 3d. per bushel, or 7s. Ojd. por contal, to 6s. por bushel, or 8a. lljd. per cental. At tho latter figuro tim markot closes very firm. Tho holders of tho Galatea's cargo, tho only one to hand for a fortnight, havo refused to sell undor 5a. por bushol, or Ss. ll}d. nor cental-a resolution which will bo further strengthened by tho report of floods in tbo growing district?. Fowling borley from 3s. per bushol, or Oe.-por contal, has ad vanced to 8s. Od. por bushel, or 7s. percental. Malting barley Is much wanted, and Bales aro roadily effected ut 4s. 3d. to i». Od. per bushol, or 8s. Od, to 0s. por cental. Bran has bcon selling at Is. 3d. nor bushel, or Cs. 3d. por cental. Pollard has roalisoit Is. 2d. to Is. 4d. per bushel, or 6s. lOd. to 0s. 8d. por contal. Victorian oatmeal has maintained a steady quotation of £22 per ton, or 10s. 8J. per cental. Gunpowder.-Slnco tho doclino reported last month In blasting powder tbo markot has assumod moro steadiness, and notwithstanding that tho shipments of tho month are again in excess of requtromonta, being nearly equal to a two months* supply, no appareut alteration in valuo in conscquonco bas boon mado public. Hales aro by no means largo, as business ia limited to an ordinary domand for trado purposos. Wo quolo for Hall's 7Jd., and for Kalmoa'a 6d. to Old., while other branda réalisa Cd. to GJd. Hops.-The markot Ib completely paralyíod by the extent of shipments coming forward, and tho groat dilllculty of making Bales. For Kent 1870's Is. Gd. to 1». 7d. may bo obtained in small parcels ; but as the demand falls so vory lar short of tho supply, attempts to forco talos at auction lmvo resultiu in mtscrablo lalluros, owing to Iho wrotched prices dragged from tho buyers. One hundred and fifty pockots Sussex, 1870, were offered last week, of which 75 pockots wero quitted at le. lad. to Is. 2d. This week somo 55 pockots, various ages, wero got rid of at 10}d. Tas- manian, 1870's, are simply unsaleable ; for 1860's wo qnoto lOd. to lid., and 200 pockots 1803's were taken up a few days ago at up to 7d. Malt-The markot has not boen active. Holders pievlous to the arrival of the mall, showed a dis Eosltlon to meet buyors' views, aud somo 12,000 uthols changed hands in consequence at7s. Od. per bushel, or 18s. Od. por contal. Since the mail's arrival ndvliing such an extensivo decrease In shipments, holdors bave become nullor in thoir viows, and do not quoto under 7a. Od to 8i. por bushol, or lOi. 4Jd. to 20s. per contal ; transactions have consequently beon fewer and ot less oxtent ; buyers, howovor, do como (oiward, though not frooly, and salea are roportod at our quotation. Mótale.-Saving In one or two specialties, which havo mot witb attention, businoss in this market has leon vory languid. Pig Iron has rulod at £4 5s. to £4 10s. Oalvanlied Iron shows a conaldorablo im- provement in the Oner descriptions of English. .Scotch 20 gauge finds buyors at £20 to £28 10s. English ordinary brands are Inquired for, and sales aro reported at £25 to £20 for 20-gaugo. Best brands uro in request at £28 to £28 10s. A shipment of 120 cases Orb brand was placed in one Uno at £28 10a. Several Bhlpmonts of Braby's havo boon quitted by auction at gradually improving pricoa. Last weok 80 cases of tbtt manufacturer's corrugated iron, castlo brand, ex Kent, NInevoli. and Yorkshire, woro cleared nut at £23 17». Od. to £20 17s Oil. for 20 gaugo. Bar and rod lion la steady at £0 to £10 10s., but beyond a trado Inquiry no business has transpired, Shoot iron Is in slow sale, with only occasional transactions. As sr.rlmonts of Kos. 8 to l8 bring £11. Nos. 20 to 20 command £14. Thoro Is nothing doing in plata lion, wo quote £U 10s. Hoop iron ia quiet, from £11 10s. to £12 is demanded. Fonclng wire has continued neglected. Best makes aro valued at £16, £10 and £17. lor Nos. IS, 7, and 8 Shoot load is quitted at £20 10b. to £27 10s. Shot Is nominal at £28 Muntz metal bru>|¡s7Jd , but the bminess re- corded Is of a trilling character. Salos of EwDank'a i ails at 17} to 20 per cent, off list are effected. Ameri- can nails lmvo advnnced to 10s. Od. lo 20s. tor ordinary aiBOrtments, at which salos have beon effected. Supo- rior assortments have realised 21s. 1,000 kegs Froncli i nils wore sold at a prlco withheld. OoIUhb's and .' haipo's heavy axes have boon placod at 75s.. and busi i ess In Ames's shovels baa boen roportod at 00s. Day's 1) n.shovols, 84tn. to 801n., aro qulttod at 62s., and irilur makers, samo alzo, bring 60s. Hollowaro main- tains a quotation of 30 to 35 per cent, oil list, Oils.-Kcroscno from first to last has monopolised sttontion to the exclusion of all other oils. Considera- tion was first directed to tho article in conscquonco of tiio great reduction in stock, and when speculators enmmoncod to buy tho prlco vory rapidly rose from 2d. Id. for Dovoo's to 2s. 5d., and from 2s. led. tor Downer's to 2s, Od., while of the stock 1 old (about 15,000 cases) sales woro speedily re- ported of about 10,000 casos in parcolB at theso und intermediate, prices. By tho English mall our advices from Now York roach to 19th Novombor, and iho only departure thon reported was the M. R. Mlt ford, for Port Chalmers and Sydnoy; Bho bringa 500 cases oil only. Tho Bhlp Royal Saxon and barque Florolla woro loading at New York for Melbourne, and i bo O. E. Beal at Boston for this port llkowlso. The Francis was loading at New York for Sydnoy. The Koyal Saxon baa slnco loft on 6th Docorubor. Tbo Fruncís has oIbo Balled. By tho Californian mall m turner, Just arrived at Sydnoy, our datos from Now York roach to 16th Dccomber, at which period it was »rated that véasela wore loading slowly for Australian, ports. The Florolla was to finish loading In a tow days, eblclly kerosone. of which she bad 21,000 osos, Tho Anrlo Slso, for Molbourno and Sydnoy, had ongagod 23,000 cases. The barquo Annie had beon chartered for Adolaldo.andtbo barquoEmmaO. Boalhad cloarodout from Boston for Molbourno on Dccomber 12, with 3,000 cbecb nil. Tho prlco had fallon to 20} cents por gallon. At first these advices had a moat damaging offoct on the market, but by and by, na holders bogan to reflect that tbo very earliest of the doparturos reforrod in could not como to hand beforo tbo beginning of Maid), tho bulk In April, and tbo additional faot that our stook of 16,000 caeos would havo some dilllculty In lasting tho time became moroapparont.tlio market thon resumed 11b wonted tono, and somo 8,000 casos Dovoo's Victorian and Radiant wero qulttod at 2s. 4ü., 2s. -lill., and 2s. Ed , and tho tendency at tbo present moment Is towards hlglior prices. Castor ill Is not noticed. A parcol of 8,000 gallons was Haced at 4s. Od. early in tho month, but since that little has transpired. Wo quoto 4s. Gd. to 4s. Od. From Calcutta wo leam that the article waa scarce ; pood socond waa quoted at llr. to llr. 4an., and best ht]2r. lo 12r. San. No Bhlpmonts had hoon mado to the colonies, but somo largo parcels had beon cloarod fiir tho Wimmera thon loading. Lineeod is vory firm at 4s. Id. for drums, casks Doing quoted at 8i. Od. Pales of Colza aro montloncd at 4s. lO.Jil. in drums ; for bulk 4s. 7d. is required. . Wo do not hoar of any- thing being done In olivo ; quotations stand at Di. 0d. and 5a. 4Jd. for drums and casks respectively. Chinese Ia hold for 5s. 3d. Polar stands at £S8 to £40. Ollnion's Stores.-A botter demand for atores has boon growing up overy weok, and on Tuesday last fully 1,000 cases woro cleared off by auction at vory satisfactory prices. Plcklos aro moving off at 7s. Od., 8» Od., 10»., and 10s. Od, aosordlng to brand. Red cobbsgosold at Os. 7ad., and walnut! ami pioalllly at 9s. lOJd. to 13a. Od. Bottled fruits were this wook placed at 10s. to 11s. ljd. lib. jams find buyers at 5s. tld. to 7s. ; 800 cruses Tasmanian woro got rid of at 0s. Salad oils In quarts command from ISs. to 26s,; pinta aro disposed of at 10s. Od. to 12s. Od., lialf-pintB at Os. 0d. to 7s. Sd., and quartor-pints at 5s Od.; castor nils In pinta bring 7s. Oil., half pint« roallso 4s. Od. to 4s. Od. Sauces aro saleablo at 6s. 7Jd. to 8s. and 10s. Capers aro moved slowly at 6s. Od. toOs. Col- umn's mustard ia in steady request, at Ojd. to 7d. for 7il». tins.; lib. tins aro quitted at 0?. 0d,, and half pound tins at 5a. Od. Keen's D.S.F. has Improved In valuo; lib. tins now command 18s. Od., and half pound tins 10b. Whlto starch in sold at 6d , and bluo starch at 4Jd. to 6d. Thumb bino real- ises lOd, to 10Jd. Sago waa offering prlvatoly at '¿Jil., but 300 caeca wore dlspotod of this woek under tho hammer at 2Jd. Salos of arrowroot aro montloncd at I d. Macearon! and vermicelli woro quitted at Od. to to Old. Groats and barloy sold at 8s. l¡d. to fa. 4Jd. Vinegar was placod at 7a. Od. Hplcoa uro lower. For pepper, tho trado prlco has neon maintained at 7d. to 7¿d. for black, and 8d. to 8¡d. for white. This week, howovor, a shipment of the former was cleared by auction at CJd. to C§d. ; and nutircgs, according to quality, at same timo brought 2* Gil. to 3s. ProviBlon?.-Only a modorato domand Is experi- enced. Butter bas advancod ; wo now quoto 7Jd. Colonial cheese is steady at Od. to 8d. For hams and lacon the domand is rostrlotod. Oolonlal-curod hams uro quoted at 12d. to 14d., and bacon 1b disposod of at lad. Imported hams aro quotod at lOd. to 10JJ., but the demand Is not heavy. Qulcksllvo*.-Values havo advancod to fjs. Od. One holder was cleared out at about 3s. Od., and tbo prlco has now gono up to tbo rato nstnod ; for all that, wo may stato as an instanco of tho oxtraordhuu'y Irregu- larities that occur in colonial markets, that when offered at auotlon this woek only 8s. 6d. was olfored, and ncccptod. Rico.-A fair amount of buainesB haa boon trans- acted, chiefly at auotlon. PaUia ia quotod at £20 ; for tho balanco of tho Warrior'» cargi) of about 20 lona,sold last neck, a concession on this figuro was allowed. About 100 tons of Bangkok, ex Alclnous (a ro-saloj, changed handB, in a lino, at a vory full figuro, and values of all descriptions hnvo slnco bocomo firmer. On Tuesday aud Wodnoidny, the DoOanco's shipments of 034 and 404 bags wero dispoBod of. The first brought £10 16s., and the last £17 to £17 6s. Java dressed is qulttod at £20 10s. to £21 10s., and Bangkok drossod Is saleablo at £18 to £10 From Calcutta, our advices roaoli to 10th Decombor, and from Batavia to 14th Decombor. At Saigon, tho Frances Henty was roportod loading; for this port Salt-The markot Is beginning to assume a moro healthy aspect, tho scarolty and high prlco of fina has had the effect of Imuaituig firmness to coarse, and altogolher, the markot presents a better oppcaranco. Hales of conreo havo boen mado at £314s. to £3153., and for small lotB wo quoto £1. Livorpool Ado Ib saleablo at £4 5s. to £4 10b., and London oxtra fino stoved Is quoted at £6. Slates.-Bhlpmonts advlBOd favour an improvement, but stocks aro far too heavy lo admit of any chango for the better at present. Several parcela havo boon disposod of, aggregating about 120.000, at about laBt month's prices, but that, moderate as the quantity ia, will about covor the total transactions slnco our last. Wo contine to quoto for 24- x 12, £16 to £10; 22 x 12, £18to £14 ; 20 _ 10, £11 to £1110s. Sugar.-A large trade has boen done in this staple, ut improving ratos. Tho following embroco the principal transactions of t)>o month :-On tbe 2nd instant tomo 1,600 bags wero cleared off at pi loos ranging from £27 10s. for rations to £30 lOi. Cor grey crystals. On Tuosday, tbe following da«, 800 I bags and mats Bourbon, faulty, were quiUtd at very lull rates, condition consld'orod. The Yana dis arrlvod hero from Mauritius on the 6th. Instant, with advices from Port Loi-Ju to 23rd Novombor. > and the accounts thou to_»;û(i created a. pood, deal ol rxcltcment. Tbo dealers commenced purchasing vory freely, In addition to which tho entlro cargo of the Charmian (460 ton») changed banda in ono Uno. A prico equal to tho top figuro obtained for small Iota »as realised for tbe shipment, causing an advance of v '"ast a couplo of pounds to be eBtablUhed. On Mon- ti k 'ioOth Inst., the cargo of tho Vanadis, amount day-, >.. '1,070 bags, the negotiation lor which w»s I tig W J. somo days previous, also changed hands, pendirg foi -t tho effect of continuing thooxcltomont and as this ÎNti. t tho huyera more freoly, somo 5.0 JO and brlngmef cn,, 'in's cargo woro speedily ro-sold In bags of the Chartfii. "Irg au improvomont of at tho patcols, at pnces all«*. "Vhito crystals advauced to £41 very least £2 per ten.- \ . cryatala wero dlspoaod ot to £42 10s., and bretti»* . Tuosday, tho lOtb, some at ¡£89 10s. to £4010f.- ®!» in faulty condition, 000 bags Java white cryflW». -0 placed at £40 to offered under the hammer; v">» -ae 1,200 bags and £J0 12s. 8d., and at rame tlrntPfl'V mi» satisfactory mats Bourbon woro cleared off atf <q"r». <oa- that tho prices. On the samo day It was ^Öfis «hon bseu Victorian Sanar Company, who had til? , ^j ton aellinr/ vory îreely, had raisod their prîït"a»>. » £^2 1 heir first whites aro now quoted as £44,' BocftrfcN». ..>' first counters at £40, O. at £88; and yoUovr" nr A_ "" On Monday, tlio 10th InBt., the damaged porKorj-o* the Yana-dis's shipmont, amounting to 800 baga^f Mauritius, vías disposed ol at mldding prices, rongiog-' up to £4116s. Som3 7,805 matn Java white crystal ex Jaa Van GalcrJ; woro offorod on Tuoiday, tbo 17th, the wbolo being cleared' off at £41 lOj. Six hundred mata and bags Bourbon sugars woro' also disposed of at sanio timo at vory full rates, On.' Wedneeda?, tho 18th, tbo damagod Fortiori of tho * Cbarmlan's cargo (005 baga) waa placed at satur-' factory price». By the Jànot Holt, to Ho- bart Town, advices woro tHon received from Mau- ' ritlufl to 80th November, or sevon days latcr. On tho 24th instant, tho Tavistock, from Mauritius,, and tho Marguerite, from Bourbon, roacbod hero with full cargoes. In addition to these, tho arrival' of the Blfloman and rolar Star was roported on th6'2tith ; the advices to band1 by thoso ranga- from 3rd t!> lOtb. ' December. The Havilah, Bolsize, Oyrua, and St. Brycedale, from Mauritius, with full cargoes, also ' mado tholr appcaranco en tho morning of the 27th. Tbo cargo of the Doflanco, consisting of 4,183 ' bags, was cleared off on the 25th, and £89 '6s, waa ob- tained for yellow crystals. Tbo cargo of the Mar- guerite, comprising 10,071 bags and mato, was offered ' yesterday, and tho wbolo cargo was takon np within a quartor of an hour. Browns to low yollows brought £32 6s. to £34 ; good yollows, £30 to £3010s',; fino ycllowfl, £37 to £37 16s ; brewing yellow crystal», £38 ' to £30. Sundries,-Amorican re» in has at last attracted at- tention, and considerable transactions ha7o bean ' ciurled through. A shipmont was sold In the oarly part of tho month at £7, and we understand that 1700 ' barróla afterwards cbangod hands on privato terras. Thia wook a shipment of 400 barrols was placod, ' at £8. Nows printing paper was sold by auotion at 6d. Doublo demy and doublo crown brought 4 Jd. to4Jd. Papor bags woro quitted at 80s. por cvvt. Tea -Meiers. James O. Kobertson and Co. roport of " tbo markot as follows :-" Tbo trado dono during tho month has been satisfactory. Prices havo boon well maintained, and, on tho wholo, holden havo been firm at about last month's quotations ; one or two HncB havo certainly boon quitted at a slight rtductlon, without howovor affecting ruling values. Several cargoes havo boen offered at auction, but the tplrit evinced in tho blddlmie baa boon entirely devoid ' ot anlmution. Behind tho box, however, numerous - trauractlons transpired al price» rather In favour of buyers. Sittings to broken loaf havo boon quitted in ' Email parcels at from OJd. to Od ,and ordinary to good ordinary at lOd. to Is. Medium to good medium havo been moBtly run upon for trade requirements, and the liner descriptions of kalsovra and Ano kalaows aro ' moving off steadily. In scontod orango pokooa aalea have hoon made at rather oasior ratos. For scontod taper and grcon tons tuore ia no domand.' Auction Sales.-On iho 9th Inst., 322 paokagos of ' damaged teas, ex Galileo, woro dlspoaod of at fair ' pricoB. On tbo 12th Inst., tho cargo of teas ox Udei.BO was offered to a good attendance of tbo trade, but the biddings lacked animation, and only a small quantity was qulttod from tho box; subsequently, - about 4,000 packagos-about half of tho ahlpmont wore sold at from lid. to Ib. 4}d. for but middling to good middling congous; also, 1,183 packages o( fancy teas changed bands on privato torms. On the 10th inst, 601 packagos of damaged toas ox Odonso woro - cleared off at lndiffcront rotes. On tho IStli lust., tho ' cargo of the Wodonga was offorod ; tlio attend-ico wau good, but tbo biddings woro splritloss, and tho auctioneer only succeeded In placing a email . quantity from tbo box. Altor the salo, 018 paokagos changed nanda at Is. Old. for but middling to la. Od. for middling; also, 878 packagos congou and about 180 packagos of fancy teas, ox Oorypbious, woro dis- posed of at from la. ljd. to la. 3}d., scouted orango pekoo bringing 2s. 2Jd. On tho 20th instant, 0,564 packages, being tbo cargo of tho Potor, woro sub- mitted. The biddings on this occasion also lacked animation, and but llttlo was sold from tho box. Subsequently, about 2,000 packagos woro qulttod at la. OJd. tor good common flavoury to la, lOd. for (loo congou. On the samo da), tbo damaged portion of tbo Wodonga's cargo, amounting to 202 packagos, . icalised middling prico«. The deliveries for tho past month have bean 440,4011b., against 384,7231b. dilling the samo time last yoar. Tho stock In bond - on tho 21at lust, was 4,004,2311b" against 4,474,8171b. on tho 22nd January, 1870. Tbo China mail arrivod ? on tho 18lh inst., with dates from ¡Jong Kong to 12th December and Foo chow to Cth Docombor. Our quotations aro :-Congou-Dust and aldinga, OJd. to 8d. ; broken Foo-cbow, 8d. to lOJd. ; ordinary to . good, lOJd. to Hid.; mlxod leaf kinds, 11 Jd. to Is. 2}d. ; do., with llttlo flavour. Is. Sid. t« la. Id.; blackish loaf kinds, la. 4d. to Ib. CJd. ; do. Btrong, Is. Od. to Is. Old.; do. Btrong flavoury, lb. 7d. tols.7Jd.; . kalsow kinds, strong, la. Sd. to Is. Od. ; pokoo sou- chong and pokoo flavour, 1b. lOd. to 2s. ; fine rich pekoo-souchong flavour, 2s. Id. to 2s. 2d. ; do., very Uno do., 2a. 2Jd. to 2s. Od. ; souchong, com- . mon, IB. to Is. 2d. ; do., middling to Ono, Is. 3d. to Is. Od.; orango pekoo, scented ordinary and broken, Is. 3d.. to Is. 4d, ; do., good to Uno, Is. 8d. to Is. lid. ; capor, . scented, common to middling, Is. Id. to Is. 4Jd. ; do., middling to fluo, Is. 7d. to Is. 8d. ; young hyson, . common, lid. to la. Id. ; do., good to fine, Is. 6d. to la. lid.; do., finest, 2s. Id. ; gunpowdor, Canton, good to Ano, lOJd. to la. lOd. Abovo quotations aro at par lb. in bond for chests (boxes bolng worth 2d. por lb. moro)." Tho following are tho arrivals during tho month :-January 2-Wild Wave, from Foo cbow fflo, 550 chests, 1.100 balf-choBts, 1,020 boxoB ; January IS-Cotyphicus, from, Foo- cbow foo, 502 boxos, 0,760 packages. 11nitier.-Tlio markot shows a slight Improvement, though wo cannot roport any marked chango. On tbo 0th lust, thero woro sold, ox British _onatch,all faults, 42,2S8(t. Ox 1J whiteT. andO. Scotch flooring, at 8s. Od. per lOOlt ; O3,404tt. 0x3 do. brought 7b. Sd. to 7s. Od do. Rx Christiana, all Inulta, 604 0 X 8 rod deck doalB roallsed Sd. 6 lOtha por fimt; 22,000 laths, 0ft. and 4Jlt., 27s. Od. por 1,000; 2 600 do., 4ft», 25k. do.; 0,004 plokota,4Jft, £6 7s 0d. do. Ex Chasca, 76 000ft cloar pino fetched £15 to £15 2 . Od. por 1,000ft.; 28,741tt. whito pino T. and G. were placod at £8 10'. por 1,0001t. Bx Schoolboy and Sarah Ann, 70 logs cedar woro oulttod at 21s. to 2fli, Od. por 100ft. Ex J. h. Hall, 00 plocos spruce deals brought 3d. 110th por foot os 0 ? x 3; lot of T. and O. (piuco, 2s. Od. por 100IL On Tuesday, tho 10th 86,000f-. red and black pino, ox Alarm, wero dlsposod of atB». 3d. por 100ft.; on tho 13th, ex Cardlcnn Oastlo, 1310 0x8 spruco deals wire quilted at 3d. B-lOths to 8Jd.; ex Charles Bal, dock cargo, all faults, 400 0 x 3 rod deals was placed at 3Jd. per loot lineal. Ex Napier, W. pino T. and a. lumber was Bold at £0 5s. On Tuesday, tho 17th tim Pioneer's cargo of cedar In log was sold to tho trado at 15s. to 20«. 3d. por 100ft. super. On tho 22nd, , I ho salofl cmbracod-ox K. V, Buck, 837,000ft spruoo T. mid O. flooring, dlsposod ot at 8s. to 0). per 100ft. lineal ; 11,001) spruco doalB brought 3d, to 8jd. por foot 0x3; 1,091 rod and white pino deals, 3d. 7 lOUia do.; 025 birch deals, £616a. to £0 por l,000(t.; 20,000tt. 01 x è white T. and O., 5b. 3d. por lOOlt»; . 10 000 líin. to 2ln. Amorican oak, £5 10). por 1,000ft; II ploccs kauri flitches, 10s, Od. por lOOtt. On tho 2tth thoro woro dlsposod ot ox Henry Addorloy, 451,770ft. Oregon deals and aquaro timbar, at £6 lOi. to £7 12b. Od per 1,000ft. super.; 65.212ft. and 4Jtt. pickets, at £4 12s. Od. to £5 por 1,000. Ex Noord j^rabant-1,200ft. Californian whitewood realised £9 - 12s. Od. to £14 15s. por 1,0001t. Kx William-10 logs c-idnr, 28s, Od. por 100ft. The cargo of doals by tho Paolfic wa« offorod this woek, and a largo proportion waa Fold at prices showing an Improvomont. Tobacco.-Thora haa been comparatively llttlo doing »this maiket, cbloily owing to all tbo saloablodo- . MriptloiiB having got into tho banda of the trado. Previous to tbo arrival of the mall, somo speculative transactions woro carrlod through, involving a largo amount in monoy. Tho entlro Bhlpmont por Cardigan Cantío and Thcophano, now landing, and that por Aviemore, to arrive, comprising flvos, tons, Venus, and Two SoaB, likewise Kavon and St. Andrew's twist, cbangod bandB at vory fullpricos, and for somo linos nn advance ovon. on the ruling ratos was cata Itilflicd, In oddltion to theso wo furthor loam that tbo entlro Hock of fives In agonta' hands waa also qulttod, thus clearing out all tl,o fUU-ork, and linvlnc but a small balanco of twiBt on hand, for w biih hlghor rates than formerly will bo required. A considerable narcot of Black Swan twist, 80 bait tierces, also cbangod bands at a veiy full figure, and tho agents now oxprOBS an iutcntlon to ad vaneo tho pilro. By auotion, on Thursday, tbo 12th Instant, St packagos wore aold at tho following rates:-Twist icalised 11 jú". tola, ljd ; faulty pounds woro olearod off at SJd., fino lialf-puundB sold at la 8Jd.,and ruby gold bara wore placod at lOJil. On tho 20th 160 paok> agis wero offered. Nearly tlio wholo was maro or lets out of condition. Tho following órleos woro realised .'-Bright pounds, all faults, brought 4Jd. to Oil. per lb.; do half- pounds, OJd, to Od. do ; bars, Oin., round, lid, do ; do., 12in., do., lid. do ; pavy sixes, mund, Hld. do; honeydew navy half-pounds, lOJd. do.; do. dark half-pounds (out of condition), 4Jd. to . OJd. do.; Mayapplo, 8d. do.; twist, all faults and as per ? mniplo, 8d. to lOd. do. Tlio auctioneers sold ovory, Uno catalogued, tbo pricoB obtainod being fair markot rates, considering tho condition of tbo gooda, Tbo trado wero well reproeontcd, and., biddings woro tolerably brisk throughout tbo salo. Our datos from, New York, vlil England, roach to lutb November, but tho Californian mall, tho arrival of which was an- nounced on tho lot li, brings data« by tolegraph to , 16th December, nearly a monto lator. Cainnron's, us enta bave advised no frcBb Bbtomonts (rosa Virgbiia, and no clearances aro reportad. Tho factories are, closed, and will not resumo tliv.work until May, It is, moreover statod that no morotwista will bo sent forward, until much better prices avoobtained. Fxom Havannah, to 7th October, very unfavourable roporUot the crops, have also reachod ua. The actual sblpmonts advlsod, irom Now "York amounjt »his month to amore nothing From England the quantity ahtppod is 1721881b. Our trado quotations ara:-Low arid common dark tons, and half-pounds, Ud^-toHd.; medium tons, lOd. to la.;; botter, 18d. to 16d.;a Cameron's Two Soaa and Venus, Is. SJd. to la. Cd.; twUt, coimnon, no stock ; medium,, la. to lid.; Black. Swan, 15d; Barrett's, according to. condition, la. 8<V- to la -lju.; St. Androw'a, la. 4d, to. 1». 4Jd,; Bavor,, is. ed. tola. Od.; Navies, vary f caroo» 16d. to Is. Od..-(nucios in sound condition, are also getting searcy, and Is. 4d. to lo. 7d. a»kod ; OKOondl Swiss cigar j, 85s. to S7a. 0d.;choroots,00s.;_»v»nnan, Manilla«, f,c*; German cigars, 30a. to Eua ; Hamburgh made,OO'j. to 120a.; Havannah, £10 to £80. Wines, and Spirit--Tho dulness which, ho» por vadod tula market has bo.no! a »»»""'!"£, chargier. For month» pas» tho war in Europo mt . directly affected th. light wine and brandy produoh«; di mulcts, yet tbo cBeot created her. ob^values hw ./ono quito in a contrary direction «<>"»'"Jlcbw txpectod; the dulnoss aud hoavluaas. now«l«r I become chronic, has oflat. been intonslOed "' »« than relieved. ¿Ight wines, towards »ho closer .'.*"£ and the commencement of the present month [£* buyers for inodorate parcela; tkt domarid, ¿ ° " such as It was, ran up tbo Oner deec- , Xns of champagne, lloodoror'a waa quitted at SP ..%,""" t-« SumC-oct's. and Pier's realised 70«. -^6- JPorft and absrrlcB haT mot with but very .»y»'.^^T Tr»de pareen ol inorry, to vrtl* JSafîiSuïïSS; havo been placed at £20 for common £"'" ? ? » . and £60 to £66 for medium. L" .._ tor good, porta bave also been quitted a* ^ to common nary was sold at £32, an-" .. "IS to £24, ordt realised £42 to £50. P" . * good to medium lia i Some irregularity ' ^«tHidtoa have been neglected, owing to the tr- ' .u prhjos has been oxporlonctil aséalo;*'** ..rjotitjmand having boen on so lîmltod "omi»- .aOligli the price of Henneisv's and Marcoll' i tr "> -«ily fctood at 6s. Od to7a , jet »hon Batos cama .¿ ot pressed at auction, much lewor rates had to bo "ncirepted to induce buyers to operate On tho 10th Instant a shipment of CO hhds. and 120 quarter camm Hartell's palo was disposed of under the hammer, and fls ljd. was accopted. Otard's has maintained nominal quotations of Sa. lOJd. to ÍJ. Associate! Vineyard has Blood at 6'. Od. O. V. P. aud VinegrowerK* have boen quitted at 6s. 6d. to St. 9d. TJ.V.P. was for some timo vainly held for ?Cb. 8d ; for a parcel disposed of a short tlovi ago, the agents prudently accepted 6s. Od. rathar than "risk the loss ola buyer. For Jules Robin and Co. w,i 'quoto 6s fld. A parcel of Marott'a was quitted at 5i 3d., and a Uno of 80 bhds. Renault's was taken up a*-, about 5s., which aftorwarda was resold Intact at a 'slight advance B. Freres* and Central Vineyards havo stood at 4s. to Us. ljd. Ton hhds. St Hubert (Viotorlan-mado) brandy was sold by auc- tion within tho week at 8s. 4}(*. to B«. 6d. A con 'sldoiabla trado has boen done in caso brandy. Tho 'entire business, howovor, bos been monopolised by Henneasj 'a. Last weok, cloao on S 000 caaos wore » cleared off at 28i Od. on tbe spot, and a line to arrlv i 'waa ploced at 20s , at which the prlco now stands, hut "with a good deal less demand. In other brandi we 'have little tn report In tho wiry of calos. Martello la quotod at 25s., Otard'a at 23«., U.V.P. at 23s. to 23i. 1 Od., Moukow'a at 22*., and Prunier'« at 21s. to 22« Klophant brandy, duty paid, brings-40-.; Helmet us > | moots with fair attention at a similar nrlco Qonov» ha« maintained a nominal value of 13s. 01. to 14i. for ' JDKZ, and this may bavo beon obtained In small loti About a fortnight ago however, when the strength ' ef tbo market carno to be tested by tho offorof a pirc-il by auction, o largo concession had to bo made to admit of sales boing i ffectoi). 3,070 caBOB JDKZ and V.fT. . and Co., chiiflv the tormor, wero clearod off at 11s lOJA. to 12s 41d. For B. and V. wo quote 11s. Oil. Bell brand Is valued atlSs. Juniper Tree 20 hottlo-, is hold for 16s. Rum la wanted at a tiiflo undor 3 . Od. for best brands ; other marks aro ullaring at 3s. Od to 3a. 7_0j. for 10 per cent. o.p. ; for 80 por esot o p. we quote 4s. Scotch whiskey Is in slow silo at 3i. Oil. to -is A considerable demand for Dunville's whlskop, at tho agenta' quotations, for parcols, of lSi. por case In bobd, Is reported. Wo also loam that of Long john's whlskoy Falos have buen made on the spot ami to arriva at 63 Od. to Ol. Bir R. Burnett's old tom 1 ' quitted at 18s, _ REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Tho buslnoss of tho year lu this markot oponed very quietly after tho holiday soason, and the tiaui actions of tho month have been more restricted than had beon anticipated. Tho provalont dulness li»-) bcon principally in bank stock and in tho shares of In Buranco and alluvial mining companies. Except Bank of Victoria, all bank shares are euler than last month' 1 closing rate'. Southern and National havo been the only insurance companies dealt in. Among alluvial mining companies., tho Hand and Band is almost the only ono which bas improvod in valuo. St. Genrgu and Band, Koli i-noor, and Evelyn Tunnel, have re- ceded considerably, the St. George having fallon morn "than 60 per cent, during the month. Quanz minim: Companies have had a moderato extent of busluos-, and some of the Sandhurst onea havo boon largely dealt In at advancod rates, especially North Johnson, Beicules. and sovoral of the Garden Gully companion. New North Clunes, United Poverty, Long Tunnel, and Walhalla Companies have also Improved in valuo. ' Gas companies' shares scarce, and command full rate*. Bendigo Waterworks Company Bhares I11V) ? advnc ced. Other miscellaneous stocks vory du'l. The dlvidonds doclared during tho month amount to £03,601 10s., as partloularlsod bolow. The report and balanco shoot of tho Ballarat Bankin,; Comnany has been published, and Bhowa net proll's for tho past half yoar £0,531 0s. lid., out of which it Is prof OBod to pay a dividend at rato nf 10 por coot p r annum. Tho Land Mbrtgago Bank of Victoria held their half-yearly mtoling on Thursday, 27th inst,, whoa tho report and balanco sheet was adopted, and a dividend at rato of 10 per cent, por annum doolarod The lint. profits for the half-year woro stated at £4,687 lol. 0 I. and tbo balanco to carry 'forward to the curront half year, aftor providing for dividond, £1,281 Ol 01 Tho halt-yearly mooting of tho City of Melbourne Gai Company was held on Tuesday, 24th, when the ropo't and balance-sheet were adopted, and dividend at rata of 8 per cent, por annum declarod. The net profit for tho half-year amountod to £10,030 Os. 8d., which, after providing for dividond, left £1500 to bo placod to tho credit of dobontu-o redemption account and a ba'anco of £372 10s. to bo carried forward, Tho roport and balanco shoot of the Southorn Insu - ance Company for tho paît halt-1, ear have boen IsKuod, and flbow that notwithstanding tho unusually heavy losses experienced for Bomo timo past, the company Is in a thoroughly Bound position. Tho renort statin that since the establishment of tho comptnv in 1801 it baa paid claims to tho amount of £420,78110s 4d , and divided among its sharelmldorsthe turn of £33.223 the paid un caoital of £100,000 remaining intact, and tbo sum of £53,708 in addition boing at crodit sub- ject to contlni'oncloB of current risks. Some of the foreign agencies of the company havo boon eloaeil. The'dlrcctors propre to pay the- usual dividend at the rato of 10 per cent, per annum, and they notify that at the half-yearly mooting thoy will bring forward aieeolutlon to add Insurance against Uro riski to the company's business The half-yearly meeting of tim Collingwood and Fitzroy Gas Company waa hold on Friday, tho 20ih inst-, when tho roport and accounts «oto adoptod, and authority glvo 1 to the directors to raiso £20,000 additional capital for enlarging tho worki and providing additional malus The not profits for the half year wore slated at £4 028 8s. 6d., out of which dividend al rato of 10 per cunt and bonus of Is por share wo> i declared. Tho Nutlonnl Fire Insurance Companv'i ropqtt for tho past half yoar Minns an improvement, on Its predecessor ; Um capital, which had thin bo?ti dipped Into to the txront of £t 052, having buen r stored to its oiiglnal amount, and a bilanoo of £1 021 being in hand which wlll.lt is estimated, moro iban cover all losaos to end of Documbor, 1870 Tho íepqrlind 1 alance-Bbcota of tho Australasian Insui anco Company linvo not boon issuod jet. but wo understand, on good authoilty. that tho fire aud marina branch will show a profit of a'iout £4,250 for tie lialf-jear, and tho Ufa insurance branch a surplus of £0 500. Such a result, In the face of tho adveran Influencie to which tho company has latoly boon Min jectrd by the act lou of some of tho Bhareholdora, spsalB woll for Its vitality. No further progress hal bien mado by the soctlon of ebaroholders who wish to have tho company wound up, nor is it now probable that lh( y will succeed in effecting this objoct Tho di-odors propoao to pay the usual dividend at rate of 10 por cent, per annum on capital ia tho life branch. Mr. Montefiore, tho latu secretary of tho Australasian, baa received tho appointment of manager to the Pacific Insurance Company, Sydney. Uebeniuros Banks, and Miscellaneous Stocks. Victorian Government local dobeu tues lia;o expe- rienced a good demand throughout tho month, aud pilcos bavo hardenod, especially for Ovo por cents, and both close vory fiim; six per cunts havo had nume- rous enies at from £103 15s. to £100 6i., cloBiug at £108 17b. Od. to £109 2h. GJ., and five por cents., wblcb have bcon difficult to obtain, have boon placed at £102 10a., at, which a large parcel changed hand . Somo Dunedin Corporation debonturea, bearing 7 per cent, interost, and having 30 yoara to run, placod to u small extont at tliu high rate of £110 to £112, but no large amount could be quitted at tbose price* Melbourno anil Hobs m'a Bay Ballway romlttah'u dohontiiroR, hearing 5 por cont Interest, placed at £04 Melbourno Corporation nix per corns worth £100 to £107. Bank of Victoria have been in steady xiquest, any paroels offering at £3610s. being roadily takin, and over this price has beeu paid In one or two cai-cn. Colonial Bank of AustraWsla havo had a vory quiet markot; sales at £0 10s. and £0 15s. pu thara National Bank of Australasia havo not BUBtnliuil last mouth's dosing price ; silos a moderato eatrnt at £5 Is. to £4 10s., hu-, aro again rathor firmer, with buyers at £5 ; fellora al £5 ls" at both which ratos Balea havo boan mad«. Commercial Bank of Australasia havo a do . P'oseod maikot; eales at £217i). 61, £2 17s., and £2 10s. Od , and sharon obtainable at £2 l61. Land Mor. gage Bank of Victoria Bold at £2 7«. and £2 7s. 0'!,, and Close with buyors at £2 7s., sailors at £2 81, cum dividend. No transactions roportod In shares of othor tanks. Southorn InBiiranco Company sharos had a depressed maiket, and woin quoted as low as 18s Od., but all offering undor 10«. Gd. woro «ftorwards cleared off tho markot; thoy<closo quiet at lOi. Od., cum divi- dend, the markot not active. Australasian Flro and Marina not dealt in ; Life shares aro at 13'. buyers, 14s. eollors. Australian Alliance not dealt In ; shares hold for 82s. National Firo Insuranco Company shares bavo had a moro aollvo demand, and all offering undor 5°. Od, have bcon 'talton ; salos at Is, lid., 2».. 2s. 3d., 2s 4Jd., and a«, fld. Molbourno Gas Company's sharoa finn; salon nt £5 10a., and at cloao this price offered and £5 12». askod. Collingwood and Fitz- roy Gas Oimpau}'« aliaros continuo eoarco In the market ; saloB at £8 and £8 2s Od., closing buyers nt £8 to £8 Is. fld. Biodlgo Gas aro obout £3 17a. Od. Ser Bharo. Other gas companies not doalt In. [olbnurne and Hobson'a B»y Hallway Company's »? sharoa vory dull of ealo, and aro offered at £50. Bendigo W »tot works Company's shares havo advanced considerably, in expectation of a salo of tho property. BliBroB sold nt up to 40a. No business in miat prcBorvlngoompanics' aliaren orín othor miscellaneous stocks. Alluvial Uinos-Ballarat-Hand and Band had a qulot markot in th» early part of tho month, and woro sold at from £10 2s ed. to £0 16s., but have gradually firmed stace, with sales at up to £11 2s. 0J. for tua doublo issue; new at £6 8s. and paid no sha'os at £5 l_i. Od to £6148 Park Oompiny havo had a small business, but close Ö-111 ; tales at up to £1 2s. cuni dividend, and £8 16s esc dividend. Baud and Albion OonsolH havo had moro business than any other Company ; Bales at rates fluctuating betweon £3 141. end £8 0s, closing c-t £3 Ol cuni dividend, and £3 61. fld. ex dividend. The St. George and Band havo had a very heavy and uu&xpectod; fall In .valuo, paid up i haies havlrg been sold from £3 14-. down to37s. Od , and now issue from "B 3d. down to 25s. Od. por share ; the dividend this mouth was only 2s. Oil. por share ; tho yie'ds having fallen cff. Bonshaw Froshold have had little attention this month; the few salos mado havo been tt £28 10s. to £31, closttvg at £80. Winter's Freehold obanged hands to a small extent at £15 lOi. . to £17, but have slnco had a dull market, and roceded tu £14 sellors. United Albion and Frlnco ct Wales havo also experienced s -falling market, sharca gradually recodiag from 40s. to Sis Od., closing dull. Ko li-1 noor Company nave not realised expectation so . far, and prices havo niven war, «hares beingsold-f rom £4 17s. Od. down to £3 17s- Od., and closing with «?Ik rs at £<. All Saluts' Company have hadafluctuating .market, nharos boto£,qulttcd at Alt prlcos botweon 9«. ,6d. and SOj., closing with sollora at 18a Emperor Company dull, and shoacs quitted at 2is 9d. Pillie 1 Imperial at Os. Sd. lo li, £d , and Great -Gulf at 7». 3d. and 7». 6d. Inkermann and Durham and Lovlathan .Companies net dealt in. Beechworth.-United Orons ,<Qold and Tin sold ta a vory limited oxtontct £0 15>. to £010s per illaro, and cloio dull. Godftey'« Crook. -1 ho Never Can Tel' havo alnscst gone out of the «narkot; saloa at from 8s Od. to 24. fld por share. lOntm'n nnt dwolt In. Warrandyte.-Bvolyn Tunnel iCouipany were sold tn a ftint.ll extent at 30a., but on 4t» being found that fresh capital would bave tobo raised to piavlde machinery priced fcll. and shares lmvo »luce been sold down to 18s. Bondlgo and Ballarat Huntly, quitted at £10 per scrip. Bagshot worth about 30s. Quartz Ml««-Baudhutst.-Extendod Hustler's -ave had a quiet markot Ulla month ; prices, however, continue firm, sales at 66s. Od. and 66s. per «hore, ^orth Hustler's «hajigod hands to a small extent nt Oe.'' 't° .*". M-» but a call of Is. having been bmAV "»/ »K> Blane dull. Hustler's continue ' depressed, and pries quite nominal. North John- son's havo boon gowing splondld yields, and shares havo changed hands ti a vory largo oxtont. In parcels ot up to 2,000 in a line; prices havo ad- vanced from 22s. Cd. to 28s. 6d, cum dividend, ami they close nt 27s. Od. ox dividend. Johnson's Kof continue neglocted ; tollers at 18s. Od. Beso of Don mark Company have had a limited business at I6v 3.1. to 16b. lOé". por share Tho Viototla Gold Mtnei Com pany continuo to yield well ; shares sold at 41s. ox dividend. Hercúlea Company carno into favour, and advanced from 16b. 6d. to 20s. Od. por Bharo, but cln^e rather oai-ier ; Bellers at 20a. Groat Britain were in somo llttlo rcqueBt.and sold up to Ila., but since offered at 10s. 0d. pershore. Unity Company havo had a good bui-lnosa at improving ratoa ; Bales from 20 to 80a., and Victory Company havo rlBon from 19<. to 29b. Frazoi'a Company sold at 7s. to_8<., and Golden Floocoat 2a. up to 6i., Closing at 4s. 9d. per share. St. Mungo wanted at 4s. 6d , and Catherine United at 6a. per share. Clunoa.-Now North Clunes Company havo hardoned in value, with but few shares changing bonds ; sales from £03 to £70. North Olunea ConioU Bold at 17b. Od. and 18s. Od., and Orlontal Company at the low prico of 8s. per sharo. Other Clunes Companies not dealt in. Hepburn.-North Cornish aro at 12a. buyers, 14s. seller«. Howe s F.-oe bold offorfd at 4s. per sharo. Other companlo-i nominal. Tho Reform Company, Haddon, hove de- clared a dividend of 2e. per share. Sales at up to 4S>. por Bharo. Victoria Company, Gordon, havo been dealt in to a fair oxtont at from 8>. to 0s. Od. for noiv iasuo, and 9a. to 10s. Od. for paid-up. Tarnogullo. United Fovotty Company's sharos bavo further ad vanced ; sales at from 10a up to 14s. Tho company n now .out of debt, and expect to bocomo dividend paying next month. Stringer's Crook.-The Lon» Tunnol Company have again paid tbo splondld divi- dend of £4 10s. per 2,400lh shoro, and continuo to raise good stono. Shares do not now otton chango hands ; present valuo, about £95. Walhalla Com- pany bave advanced from last month's quotations ; sales at £02, £08, and £68 10s. por share. NottU Gipps land Company have had an improved yield, and shares advanced ; sales at £7 to £10 6s. Empress would bring £2 por share. A parcel of forfeited shares lu the Hercules United wero sold at 2s., and work haa since been rcsumcdlnthomine. No business reported in Hope Company, Wood's Point, or all Nations Mat- lock. Prince Alfred Company,North Gipps Land, ruvo a moderate extent of business, but at iluetuni,,« rates ; i-nloa down to 11b. and up to 24'., closing firm. Apsley, Aloxaudia, sold to a small extent at I0<. North Star, Lauriston, changod bandi at £2 2-. Od. por share. Albion - Company, Steiglitz, tod at £4 2s. 6d,, and would now bring £4 16«. per i-baro. Perseverance, Caledonia, are at 10a. poi hliaro. Tookey'a Company, Thames New Zoula-u'. quitted at £3 10s , and continuo dull of sale. Tbo di vldonds declared during tbo four wooka mall porl.> I ending January 28, amount to £63.66119i., of which £10,110 aro from tbroe public companies othor tim . mining, and £47,642 10a. from mining companies, ut tlio latter sum £20,2116s is from alluvial companl« and £27 33114s. from quartz mining comp¿nioa. Th<i dividends in detail areas follow:-From Public Cool pontos-Land Moitgagn Bank ot Victoria, at rato of 10 por cent por annum, £8,21u; City of Jlelbourno Uas and Coke, 8 per cent, per annum, £3,400 ; Col- lingwood and Fitzroy Gas, 10 per cone, per annum, and bonus la. por eharo, £4,500 ; From mining companies for week ending January 7 : -Goldon Stream. Scarsdolo, 10». per 2 000th. £1.000 ; Golden Fleeco Tribute, Sandhurst, 3a. per 12,000tn, £1,800; Goldon Fleeco Original, Sandhurst. £581); Park, Ballarat, 10s. per 12,800th, £0.400. For weok ending January 14 : - North JohuBOn'H, Sandhurst, Od. per 22 000th, £550 ; Victory Tributo, Sandhurst, 16s. por 320th, £210 ; Stewart's Tributo, Sandhurst", Is. per 8,200th, £100; All Friends, Banohurst, £3 por 1,000th, £72 ; Long Tunnel, Stringer's Creek, £410s. par2.400tb, £10,800 ; United Happy Valley, Ovous, 5a per4,400ih £1.100; Ellesmere Sandhurst, Od. per 14,000th, £350 ; Queen Vic!oila, Ballarat, 2s por 2,600th, £250 ; Clunes Com- pany, Cluni s 4s. per 2 000th. £400. Forwook ondiug January 21-Goldon Fleece, Sandhurst, 2i. Od. por 120001b. £1,600; Golden Fleece Original, Sandhurst. £076; Victoria Gold MlneB, Sandhurst, la. per 20,274th, £1,013 14a.; Golden Lake, Springdallah, Os. pur 4,400th, £1,820th; Bute. Smythesdale, £3 10a. p<n 40th, £140 ; Rothsay, Smythesdale, £3 per 40t.li, £120 ; Sadowa, Talbot, 7s. Od. per 210th, £00 ; St. George and Band, Ballarat, 2i. Od. por 12,000th £1500 ; Band and Albion, Ballarat, 2s Od p,:r 22,460th, £2,806 6s. For wook ending January 28:-Band of Hopo, Maryborough, 2s. per 0,000'h, £600; Union, Talbot, 4s. per 1,000th £200; Non li Johnson's, Sandhurst, 2a, per 22,000th, £2,200th ; Passby Tributo, Sandhurst, Is. Gd. per 8 000th. £000 ; Golden Pyko, Sandhurst, 3d. por 28 OOOtb, £350 ; Speculation, Maldon, la. per 2 400th, «,120 ; Alum bella, Huntly, la. per 3,200th, £100; Porsevorauco, Caledonia, Od. per 0,000th, £160; Sawers mil Walker's, Sandhurst 3d. per 24,000th, £300 ; Golden Horn, Springdallah, 151. par 2,600th, £1876 ; Reform, Haddon, 2«. por 8.000th, £800 ; Hand au i Band, Ballatat, 2s. 6d. per 25,000ih, £3,200 ; Now North OluncB, Clunes, 2«. per 2 160th, £4 312 ; Tbo mining districts from which tbo above dividends aro derived tank na fellows in ordor of amount dis- tributed :-Ballarat, £14,156 Gi ; Stringer'» Creek, £10 800; Sandhurst, £10,659 14b.; Scarsdolo, £6,265; Clunes, £4 712 ; Beechworth, £1,100; Maryboioujh, £800; Calodonla, £160; Maldon, £120. MELBOURNE WOOL REPORT. The London and australian agency Cohpoiia .mon limiTED furnish the following roport for trots mission per E.M.H. Rangoon :-*' Wool.-Tho arrivals at wool from tbo couutry during tbo past mon ill bavo boon in excess ; tho weather having beon most iavouroblo, tho large« portion ol this year's clip 14 now forward, and Iho season 1870 71 will Boon clo'e. Sinco our loat monthly roport 10 public sales havo been held, at which 22,246 baleB wera catalogued aud 12,170 sold, to which wo moy add about 3,500 bales Fold by privato com root. Prices may bo said to hivo ruled Bteady, and with low oxui ptlou» unaltorod. Our homo advices per mall Btcamor Avoca ou tho l8.h inst, though moro favourable than was gonorally an- tic pated, caused no matorial chango In our markot, except tnut, In some Instances, wa noted ordinary nnd inferior scoured woola Bold a shade easier ; but, on the wholo, current prices realised havtt btou good In compiuUon with those ruling during tho labt October and November sales In Loudon. Freights remain unaltered Quotations - Gi easy-Inferior, 4d. to 5d ; medium. Cd. to Oil ; good, Od. to 7d ; superior, 7d. to 8Jd. Slipo- Inferior, 4d. to Od ; medium, Od. to Sd. ; nuporlor, 8d. to lid. Soouiod- Infeilor, 7d. to Od.; modlum 9d. to llj-i ; Çood, 12d. to 14Jd.; superior, 16d. to 18d. Fiooen nferior-8d. to Od.; medium, Od. to lid ; good, lljrl. to 14d.; »uporior, 14jd. to 17d. The weekly shipment» havo been as follow :-Weok ending December 31, 1870, 467,0211b., valuo £30,903; January 7, 1871, 6,280,0041b., valuo £240 014; January 14,1.849,0261b., value £77,040; Jar, nary 21, 41818711b.. valuo £211,307. Tutal-11 270,1121b., valuo £608 824. Add provlous shipments, from Octobers 1870 19.677 648 h., valuo £099,668. - Total-30,960 700, valuo £1,507,077 Sheepskins.-Full-woolled skins aro now acareo, and all lois brought forward meot with ready salo at from 2b. to 4s. each. Pells como freely to hand, and realist! up to lEd. oacb. Dry station BkttiB aro in good demand at from 3d. to Od. per lb. Hldoa.-Che muikot haB been woll suppliod, and prico» rulo a thade easier. Green bldos sell from 16s. to 26s. oach ; wet salted from 3Jd. to 4jd. per lb. ; calfckins. 4d. to 4jd. Tallow.-largo quantities bavo boen sold, and tho corr petition bas boen spirited. Wo quote mutton from £83 to £84 5s ; beef, from £31 to £33 ; mixed, from £3110a to £33. Wo havo boon able to tocuro ficlght« at £210s. por ton thlB week, being 10a. beluw previous roto. Thosblpmouts of tho month amount to 4 850 casks." Messrs. R. Goldsiirouoii and Go. report:-"Wool. The auction Bales hold during tho month have been well attended, and buyers have compotcd freoly for nil tho lots brought forward. Tlio catalogues havo oom prised 28,448 bales, and out of this quantity 14,001 bales havo been sold, tho prices obtained boiug about Iho une as thoso which woro quoted in our last month's summary. The English advices which roachod hero on tbo 18th inst. announced tbo termination of tho Novomber ealos in London at an advanco of Id. por lb. over tbo oponlng ratos, and tho telegrama whian nero received repotted that tho markot eontinuod firm up to tho latcBt dato, viz., December 26. Thii Intclliüonco, however, ¿Id not causo a correspondió« riao hore, the lato telegrams recolvod by the previous nnd! having anticipated it; nor did it moko prices firmer, the buyors having apparently fully ex- pected moro favourable news. Tho continuance of tho war haa no doubt tended to cause a somovvhat un- settled foaling, but It roomB scarcely probable that hostilities can continuo much longor, and wo hope noxt mail will bring advlcos of a termination of this disastrous conflict. Its effects on the valuo of vruol bavo certainly beon vory prejudicial, but wo trust that tbo depression is of a temporary character, and that tho advent of pcaco will bring a full renewal of tbo continental dimond, and consequently cause advanced rates, Tho general opinion, howovor, Booma to bo that ovon wera tbo war to terminato at onco, Ita oftsots would bo apparontforalengthoned poilod-tho French manufacturing Interest having recelvod a severa (hock. Taking tilla viow of the question, the colonial bu5 ers eoem dlip-sed to oxercUe Increased cire aud dhcrlmlnatlon In tholr purchases, although thoy con- tinuo to give full prices, when London rates nnd future pro-pects at o taken Into considération. The clip Is still arriving iu largo quantities, and tin auction aaloo aro likely to continuo several wooka longor, tho warehouses being quite full. This ooason'i growth la thoroughly sound and well .grown, and ought to command spirited competition from tho manufacturers, sa it is in excollont condition, for spin- ning, being longer and stronger In the staple than It has been for torno years past. Tho unsettled weather Iiob nrevonted many flocks bolng as clean as utual, but In othor rospects thero will bo llttlo opportunity for objection, sa tho wool now being oxported Is of a roally ubi lui description, and contrasts favourably with tbo r-hlpments mado In .previous soasonB. It Is to bo hoped that tbe growers will tako advantage .of tho abundanco of gross end horbago now to bo aeen throughout tho country, and secure a contlnuanco of It by avoiding the pernicious practice of overstocking their station?. Thoy will-thus bo onablod to brood bat- ter sheep, and consequently bo in a poBtion to secuto more remunerative prices," both tor wool and carcase. Pricea Current.-Groasy-lDfcrlor, 4d. to 5d.; ordi- nary, fid. to 6d. ; avorogo to good, Od. to 7Jd. ; good to superior. .7id. to 9Jd. Fiasco-Interior, 9d to lOd ; ordinary to uveroge, ltd, to Is. id ; avorogo to good, la. ljd. to la. id. ; superior, la. 4d. to Is. 7}d. Scoured- Inferior, lOd. to lid. ; ordinary, lid. to 1«. Id. ; middling to good, Is. 1*. to Is. 3d. ; auporlor (nono tfferlnc), nominal. Sheepskins.-Our regular sales havo been woll attondod during tho past mouth, »nd all that have como forward .havo boon Bold at about lato quotations. As is usual at this period ot the yoar, full-woolled skins oro scarce, but pelts aro coming to hand freoly, and whoa in good condition soil woli. Our sales aro at from 2d, to Is 4d. each, according to quality. 8tatlon sltlns rcalUo frota 3d. to Ma. per lb. Hides.-Wo bavo an active demand for all descrip- tions, but prices may ba quoted a* bolng moro in favour of tbo buyer thau at this timo last month. Wo bavo 60ld butchor's ox hides from 10s, to 24a Od. each, and cow hides from 12a. to 18s. oaeh. Well-conditioned wet Baited rooliao SJd. to 4Jd. per lb. Oalfaklns aro woith 4d. toBd. per lb. Tallow.-We held four au j lion eales duimg the month, and sold 800 caski Compétition la brisk for all descriptions, and we now that prico! aro a little firmer. Mutton is worth from £33 IO«, to £84 6s. ; beef, from £31 to £33 ; mixed from £32 to £83; and inferior, from £27 to £30 per ton." Messrs. Hastings Ci-.sinoiiax and Co.'* monthly roport :-" Wool.-Blnco the depaituro of last mall, wo havo to report a brisk market, aud tbo eales of large quantities of wool at firm prices. Publia sales have boon hold in Melbourno nineo the 4th inst, and lau month's quotations have boon maintained. Freight» ara atlll to bo obtained at id. for grenity and JJ. for washed. Quotations of tba price» obtained nt JAo «sie« ore-For greasy, from 6d, toOd. ; rcoured, from lid to 18d. i flooco, from ltd , io 16Jd. por lb The rush of tho wool EOason la now over, and after this week tho catalogues will bo urinei. pally composed of remnants of clips prevlomly sold, consignments from farmers, and fellmongers pareólo of Bcoured. Tho total shipments from 1st October. 1870\. to 26lh January, 1871, are 153 016 bales ; corrorpondltgporlod 1800 70, 150,740 bales; 1808 69 170 271 balos ; 1807 08,120,040 balos ; 1866 67,116,737 bulóa. Probable quantities to be taken by the follow- ing ships :-British Monarch, i 500 batos; Yorkshire, 2 700 ; Loch Tay. 4 000 ; 8wlf tsure, 8,000. Tho Alsazor aiid Kirkham aro also loading. Sliofpikins.-The sales held during the month havo beon well attended by buj ore : competition for full wooli« d skins has bein well maintained. Dry station skins havo been iu do mand, and brought from 4d. to 0|d. per lb. Washed BlitiB Bold up to 9d. per lb. Hides-Prices lnvo been easier during the month, but wo havo had no difficulty in disposing of a full supply to the local tiodo. Heavy-wolgTits brought from 20b. to 28a. each; light-weights from 11s. .to 17s.; calsklns, from 4a. to 5Jd. per lb. There aro no BhipraentB to roport. Tallow.-Thoro has boon a considerable emount of business dono during the month, at prlcea Bllghtly firmer than last quotations, buyers for shipment having beon oporatlngextonslvety. Our sales are over 300 pipes. Good mutton brought from £33 to £84 7e. Cd. f.o.b ; mixed, from £30 to £32 per ton ; beef, tiora £32 to £33 per ton, Th«. shipments amount to 4*702 casks. Kangaroo Bidna have boen Inquired for, and prices ranged from 2s. Od. to 20s. Od. perdozen, according to size and condition ** SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mr. 8. De Beer reports:-" My lost advices of 2nd lust, contained Bpccial reference to tho largo quantities of wool and other colonial produce of the preseut season, which, up till that period, lud been doapitohed to Knghtnd ; and since thou there has heon a stead) continuance of shipments upon a similar scale. Tho depirtures In tho course of the mail month aggregate 11 ships, and comprise tho HydaBpos, Niagara, Georgo Thompson, Kent, Nowcaatlo, Hhlnoas t'cndloton, liallam Tower, Loch Ness, Ninoveh, and Trevolyau for London, and'tho Grtut Brllain, b.b, for Llvorpool; having In occupation of the berth- tho Brlt'uh Monarch, Yorkshire, Alssger. Loch Tay, Swiftsuie, Norfolk, Klikham, Aviemore, True Briton, Ernestine, Ariol, Lady Jocelyn, and Queen of tho Thames, bs., soveral « f which aro about full, and will bo ready for eui in nfotvdnyahonce, while tbe othors aro rapidly filling up. Fiom the quantity of produco offering rates of freight havo boon steadily maintained, and scarcoly any noticeablo chango has occurred. Tliooo current are : Wool, 0§d. per lb. for scoured, OJd. for greasy; leather, 60s.; tallow, 60s. to 55s ; bark, 40a ; pre- served meats, 36s. to 40s.; gold, por steamer 3d., and by sailing vessel 2d. per oz ; and aB the number of ships to arrive is now upon a limited scalo. and that doubtloss as the prlco of wboat recedes we shall ship that commodity from this, tho foregoing rates will probably bo maintained during the remainder of tho season. Early In tho month the Bhlp Lady Cairns was laid on the berth fur London, and the agents had succeeded In tccurlng a largo portion of cargo at cui- ront rates ¡butlnconscqutmcoof thomallBlcamer bring- ing ndviceB of the ship boing chartered at borne after leaving, hor destination has accordingly bcon changed to San Francisco, to which port elie proceeds shortly, via Newcastle, with coals. Tho Cardigan Castle w*s also advertised for London, but on dolivory ol the u all she waa withdrawn, and now procotxts to Cal- cutta. Considerable Interest had for Bomo timo bcon felt with respect to the time io which the Queen of the Ttiamts (as) would make the outward voyago, and It Is very gratifying to ho ablo to advisi that this noble vessel arrived Bato on this her maldon pa*8ago on the 16tb intt., in 62 days, In- clusive of two dayB spent calling at St. Holcna aud Klug George's Sound. Tbls splendid passage Ia quito up to expectations, and has glvon gouorul satisfac tion. Bhe ia appointed to lclivo this on tbo return trip to London on lSili prox , and already almost all her saloon passenger accommodation has beon engaged. The passenger trado has continued to be charac- terised by tho samo want of animation which per- vaded it during the preceding month, which Is rcmaikablo, seeing that the season of anticipated ariival is favourable, und bo magnificent a fleet of ships available Af'or departure el last mall con- siderable inquiry continued for tonnage to load bread stuffs for Europe, and a few ontiagemonla were «fleeted, viz :-1 hat nf the Uuby, 651 tons, at 60s., and afterwards tbo Rutland, 1,002 tonB, at 65s., both for cargoes of wheat ; aud tho Norwegian brig Ragua, at 62s. 60. for bark ; tbo two formor to load at Adu lalde, the latter at Yankalilla. A lull has, however, taken place in this busiuoss in tho meantime, conse- quent upon lost mall, which was delivered on lSth li st., having brought advices i f lower prlcoB for grain In the British markets; and no fiosh engagements aio likely to be made until pilcos improve at home or a decline takes place in Adolildo, and of the latter contingency ocourring ihore are alrojdy indications In the South Australian market During the month rather a considerable number of charters bave been complotée!, tboio falling to bo repotted comprising tbu -Wodonga and tho Gilileo (both small vessel-) Adoluido tn Java, at 30s. for part cargoes, the foi mer lo return with produce to this port at rates ulrich have not t rant- pin d With horses to India the Thcophane, 1,631 tons, proceods to Madree at the lump sum of £1,200 ; and tho Cardigan Castle to Calcutta, at a rato which has not transpired, but believed to bo £1110s per bead, latidod alive. The Southern Bello, 1,128 toi s, »ud th o Chai mian, 650 tons, load horse» and lailway sleepers at a port in Western Australia for Calcutt», the former getting £1,800, but the rate to be paid the latter has been kept private To load guano at Malden Island, the Norwclan barque Magnus Lagaboter, 405 tone, and the Swedish lim quo Hilda and Cal in -137 tons, at 67s. 0:1. for v. port In tho United Kingdom, the lattor having leave to take coals Newcastle to Honolulu, at 22s Since arlivnl of the mall nn Important Improvement has taken place in freight« for coals from Newcastle to the various ports io China, and a fuir amount of operatioriB han been coiie'udetl embracing the barque Nourd Brabant, 023 tons, at 23s. for Uong Kong (con- cluded previous tn the arrival of mall) ; and for same Kort, the Swcd'sli barquo Gui-lav Adolph oud Bil-i-di aiqua Lady Turner both at 28'. ; and at this ti ¿urn a considerable amount of tonnage can be placed. For San Francisco the American barque Matilda at 28», (or the above employment our present quotations aro :-Hong Keng, 28a.; Shanghai. 34-.; Manilla, 18i.; Singapore, 20s.; Gallo 18i.; San FianolBCO, 28«. The amount of dieengaged tonnage at present in our watci-i is but limited. Tho gonoral intercolonial trade con- tinuos dull, but recently véasela havo been inquired lor lo load wheat and flour at Adelaide. Owing how. ever to the steam communica'ion beingto^smplo and efficient, tbo rates offerod aro low." Messrs. Alfred Wooi_kv and Co. roport:-"From tho date of our last until tbe arrival of the mall, on the 10th inst., with Kuropian, China, and Indian advio-x, business remained somewhat quiot. Slnco thon, how over, tbo freight market has beon characterised by great activity, and transactions, consequently, havo been both varied and numerous, absorbing the whole of the available tonnage lu port. Frolglits are again looking up, the moBt perceptlblo Improvement beiag in coal charters which have rapidly reached to figures unknown for tho past two years, and at the enhanced quotations given bolow, the aomand is considerably in oxcees of the supply. In grain chartors from Adoluido to England operations bavo boon riatriotod by tbe high price of wheat, but It is oxpecte I that ratea for that staple will ero long decline sufficiently to allow chartoring to bo resumed. For London tho departures havo boen:-The Hy daspes, Niagara, Georgo Thompson, Kent. New- castle, Phincas Pendloton, Dallam Tower, Loch Ness, Trovelyan, and Nlnevcb, besides the Wavo of Life, from Goolong. Batos remain the name for wool, but for tallow and other weight freights aro somewhat easier. The Queen of the Thamos, s s., arrived after a splondld passage, and is advertised to sall again on the 18th proximo, when sho will doubtless bo a full ship, but not at any remarkable difference in ratea bejond those obtained by sailing shlpa. For Liver- pool tho Great Britain cleared on the 11th inst., bin her passenger Ubi on thin occasion waa aborn of its usual fair dimensions. Far Calcutta tho Cardigan Castlo is engaged to load horses hore ; and the Char- mian and Southorn Belle were taken up to lund Bleepors and horses at Geographe Bay, W.A. For Madras the Thomas Stephens sailed on the 20th inst., with 171 hoiscs, and tbo Thoophano has boon char- tered to follow with similar cargo. For Bombay Hiern Ib no inquiry for tonnage except for coal, in which nothing has been dono for somo time past. For Hong Kong, tho Joshua Bates Bailed on tho 20th hist, dlrocl, with Chinese passengers. To load coal at Nowcastl < wo note the following engagements, viz.:-Noon! Brabant, Gustav Adolph, Lady Turnor, and Hiflemau. Kor Shanghai, notwithstanding the high rotes of freight < llorlng fur coal, not a single ship has been obtainable For Java, tho Wodonga and Galileo havo gono round to Adolaido to load breadstuff« under charter, the formor having Booured a return careo of rico. The Frances Henry (to arrive) has also been taken up for tho voyngotbithor and bsok. For Hono- lulu -Tho Siam and Hilda and Carin are engaged to toko on coal thither from Newcastle. For Maideu Island.-The Hilda and Carin and Uaguus Lagaboter accepted guano chartora for Kuropo. For San Fran, cisco, tbo only engagement to bo recordod thin month is that of tbo Matilda to take coala from New- castle ; wbithor tho Lady CalrnB also proceeds uudor home charter far samo destination. Settlements wero effected on the following terms :-Thoophano (1,621 tors register), Molbourno to-Iadras, £1,200; Cardigan Castlo (1,100), Molbourno to Calcutta horsos, £11 pur head ; Southern Bello (1,128) Geegrapho liny lo Cal- cutta, £1,800 ; Charmian (669) Geographe Bay to Cal- cutta, £1,150; I_gna(200), Yankalilla, S.A.,to Lou- don, 02e. Od. per ton, bark ; Rutland (1,004), Adelaide to London, 56s. per ten, wheat ; Ruby (561) Adelaide to London, 60s. por ton, wheat; Wodonga (296), Adelaide to Batavia, £250 for 100 tons flour ; Galileo (240), Adelaide to Batavia, £300 for 200 tons flour ; Matilda (848), Newcastlo to San Francisco, 28s. por ton ; Siam (727), Newcastlo to Honolulu, 20?. par ton; Hilda and Carin (437), Newcastlo to Honolulu, 22s. per ton ; Noord Brabant (023), Newcastlo to Hong Kong 28s per ton; Gustav Adolph (390). Newcastlo to nong Korg, 28s. per ton ; Lady Turner (436), Nowcastlo to Hong Kong, 28a per ton ; Hifloaian (316), Nowcastlo to Hong Kong, 28s. per ton; Hilda and Carl i (437), Maldon Island to Kuropo, 67s. Od. portón, guano; Magnus Logaboter (403). Maldon Island to Kuropo, 67f. Od. per ton, guano ; Maila Elizabeth (292), Ade laido to Port Darwin, £050. guano. Frolght.-Quo- tations aro :-For London-£d for greasy and gd. por lb, for washed wool ; tallow, 55s. per ton ; meats, 40). Ear ton : copper or ore, la. per ton. Adelaide to ivorpool or London-60s. per ton for wheat. Callao toj Continent-05s. por ion for guano. Nowowtle to Shaughai-84«.; Hong Kong, 28a.; San Francisco, 28s.; Bombay, 20s.; Singapore, 17s. 0J J Point do Gallo, 10s.; Java, 12s.; Manilla, IPs." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. Arrivals and Clearances since our Last Summary. [!)., British ; A., Amorlcan ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguesa; II., Hamburg; Hn.. Hanoverian; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. O., North Gorman. S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanlnh ; Bclg. Bolglan ; Br., Bremen; II., Russian; e., snip; b., barquo; br., brig; se, Bohooncr; s.S., stcamor.] Jan. AiiHivBP. 2\. Charmian, B. b., 669, C. E. Stewart, Mauritius. -Joshua Brothers. 8\. Thoophuue, B. «, 1,524, T. P. Follett, Llvorpool. Geo. Martin ard Co. 0\. Vanadis. S. b., 480, P. «. Soderbergb, Miuritlui -Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 7\. Krusobjorn, 8. s" 719, A- P. Dyborg, Norkoplng. O. Tondeur and Co 12\. KlrkUBiu, B. s., 1,061, B, B. H'Farlana, London. -J. Henty and Co. 13\. William, B. br" 210, Le Measurlcr, Colombo.-W.-' Peterson and Co. IS. CoryphrcuK. B. b., 296,1t, O. Bao, Fooohowfoo. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Oo. Ii. Aviemore, B. s, 1000, Tho». B. Ayllng, London. Dalgety, "Jackwood, and Co. 14 Slrm, B. e" 727, U, Kendrick, Quooec-It TownB and Co. 14\. Lady Turnor, B. K, 430, S. Vincent, Now York. -It. Towns and Co. ., _ 15\. Queen of theThnmes. B. s.a., 2,607,Goo. M'Donald, London.-G. W. Parbury. 15\. Lady Coirns, B. s., 1,266, Arthur Cotter, London. -W. Crosby and Co. 10\. Norfolk, B. s., 953, John Cumming, London.-W. P. Whito and Co. 16\. Loch Karn, B s., 1,200, W. Robertson, Glasgow. Macfarlan, Blyth, and Oo. l8. Lady Jcceljn, B. b., 2,138, Geo. Jenkin«, Frode rlokstadt.-Joshua Brothors. l8. Avoca, B.M.S.S., 1,481, A. B. Farquhar, Point do Galle.-F. R Kendall. . , 10\. True Briton, B. s , 1,040, H. F. Holt, London. W. P. White and Co. 21\. Defiance, B. 80., G. H. Hill, Batavia.-R. Towns and Co. 24\. Marguerite, F. b" 600, M. Allaire, Bourbin. Lauratet and Le Roy. 24 Gun, B. se. 52, J. O. Doggett, Fiji.-J. Munro. 25\. Tavistock, B. b., 683, W. H. J. Moody, Maurltlu«. -Turnbull, Smith, and Co. 26\. Rifleman, B, b., 846,0. Smith, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. ., . 25 Isabella, B. hr" 260, J. Webster, Maldon Island. Grlce, Sumner, and Co. 25\. Kssex, B. s., 1,277, Chas. Holder, London.-Bright Brothers and Co. 27\. Clarence, B. s" 1,104, Henry T, Gibson, London. J. H. Whito and Co. 27\. Curmrla. B. b., 3,231, Joseph Brown, Liverpool. Bright Brothers and Co. 27\. Dayspring, rnisskmarj so., A. Fraaor, Now Hebrides. -Captain Fi oser. Jan. cm_nu> out. 8\. Geelong, B.MS.S., 1,217, R. T. Dundas, Point do Galle-Franklin It. Kendall. 8\. fckjold, S. b., 442, Carl Hourickson, Manilla, via Ivewcastle.-Victoria Sugar Company. 4, Hydaepee, ft. b" 2,002 E. S. Bibot, London. Blight Brother« nnd Co. 0\. Thumruj Brown, B. br., 270, Walkor Steole, Mauri- tius.-James Uinty and Co. 6\. Matilda, A. s, 819, D. H. Blako, Valparaiso. Oßhorn, Cmhing. and Co. 7\. Niagara, B. s" 1,692, P. Macfarlane, London. Macfarlan, Blvth, and Co. 7\. George Thompson, B. »., 1,127, Win. Shepherd, London.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 10\. Kent, B. b., 927, Wm. Nowumu, London.-W. P. Whito and Co. 11\. Great Britain, B. s s., 1 795, Jno. Groy, Llvorpooi. -Bright BrothorB and Co. 11\. Sea Nymph, B.6C.,130, Adam D. Hoffman, Natal. -Turnbull, Smith, and Co. 13\. Ruby, B. b., 651, H. Van Nordon, London, via Adelaide.-Moore and Co. 14\. Novvcastlo, B. s., 1.137, O. _. Lo Poer Trench, London.-J. H, Whito and Co. li. Nightingale, B. br., 240, O. M'Phaidon, Colombo - Spence Brothors and Co. 16\. Odenso, Da. se, 219, R. Boylon, London, via Adelaido -R. Towns ond Co. 17\. Frtdeiick, S. s., 642 O. D. Huldt, Rangoon. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 17\. Bagna, S. bc, 210, IO. S. Anderson, London, via Yankalilla.-8. Do Boer. 17\. Pacific, s.a., 005, A. de Young, Callao.-O. Tondour and Co. 18\. Pbinoos PondlotoD, A. B., 1,269, Phlneas Pondie ton, London.-Croaker, Scott, and Co. 19\. Wodonga, B. br., 297, J. T. Jarman, Guam.-Jas Henty and Co. 19\. Thomas Stephons, B. s , 1,507, Richard Richard-, Maëras.-Bright. Brothors and Co. 20\. Dal lam Tower, B. a , 1,499, John Rhlnd, London -Lorimer, Marvvocd, and Rome. 20\. Joshua Bates, B. f., 601, J.. B. Sydsorff, Hong Hone.-Kong Meng and Co. 20\. Galilee, B. br., 247, W. Wood, Guam - Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 21\. Lech Ness, B. s, 1190, Thomas Meiklejohn, London.-Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co. 21\. Rutland, A. 6., 1,004, A. A. Gardner, Guam. Jofhua Brothers. 21\. Christiana, N. b., 611, C. Mcasell, Callao.-Ando. ton ond Marshall, 24\. Ninoveb, B. s , 1,174, Thomas Barnet, London. Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 25\. Trcvolyan, B. B., 1,042, T. H. Hillman, London. J. H. White and Co. 25\. Charlea Bal, N. s., 0D3, E. Lund, Callao.-Turn- bull, Smllb, and Cc 27\. Hilda Carin, S b" 437, C W. Lofgron, Ouam.-O Tondeur and Co. 28\. Maria Elisabeth, D. b , 292, G. Van der Gcvol Guam.-Jas Unity and Co 28\. Southern Bullo. B. b , 1,129, H. O. Koon, Guano. Geo. Marlin and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. Jan. 3. Sk jold, for Manila, vifl. Newcastle.-20 tons flour. Geelong, for Point da Gallo -1 packago booka, 2 packages anruplcB wool, I packago documents, 1 pacl. ogo bnggoge, 8 packaiios seeds, 1 case llquours. 3 pach- anos oil, 1 oven. 1 packago boots. 1 case varnish, 4 ï bags ll.ur, 7 packages potatoes, G tierces beof. Jan 4 Hjdsepfs, for London.-0.709 bales 1 big 11 sjcKi. wool, 0 casks black sand 2,000 cases preserved moat«, 86 legs butter, 100 osles leather, 050 cisks tallow. Jan. 6. Themas Brown, for Mauritius.-700 bags Hour, 808 bags brun, 1 caí e biscuits, 1 case pi curved monta. Jan. 7. Niegara, for London.-0,u25 bales wool, 881 ci*k talb vv, 2,480 cases preservod mrata, ISO bales hay, 20 bundles whalebone 400 tom guano, 11 biles papu. cuttings, 2 casks antimony, 120 ba'ed leather, 28 quarltr-crujkr. 24 kegs butter, 20 bales hufills, 157 bi'cs pelts, 10 bales rigs, JO bales bcrolls, 59 bales nhuop tkii's. George Thompson, for London.-5,011 hiles wiol 270 cask« tallow, 12 bales basilB, 33 bale* leather, 400 cases preserved nuats, 4 quarter-casks wine, 2p:icwgoj sundries. Jan. 10 Kent, for London.-1,040 hiles wonl, 1,028 big. antimony oro, 1,114 blocks24 casis antimony regulua, 3,443 caiin preserved moats, 11 cuku blick «and, 2 casks cinders, 2 ua^k» beeswax, G casks soilskins, 20 canta leevbro, 43 bide» torolh, 16 na'ts basils 10 hulea Itaihir, 7 casks tallow, 110 kegs 70 casks butter. Jan. 11. Great Britain, p.b., for Llvorpooi.-1,822 bales wool. 1,120 br-ga bark, 6 packages tundries, 1 parcel gold specimen». Sea Nymph, (or Natal.-80 casca biscuits, 10 casei leeches, 1,000 bags Hour. Jan. 14. Novvcastle, for London.-1 955 bales wool, 128 bale« Icathor.'flOO cai-lis tallow, 1,066 oases proseived m«t-, 148 tons copper ore, 40u bugs fliur, Ml linga whtat, SOO ca»kB butter, 81 easo9l6S blocksrcgtilus antimony. Mghllngalo, tor Colombo.-8U0 tons bonedust. Jan. l8. Phluoas Pondloton, for Ltindon.-4,20.1 balea vv.iol, 58 balcB pelts, 601 caBkfl tallow, 1,000 casos preserven meats. Jan. 19. Thomas Stephens, for "adra?.-21 casos wine, O casos prcHüived meats, 250 cases redgum tleoper', 'J tates mutton hams, 460 bags bran, 82 tons h-vy, 250 aloi perF, 4 [rackngos tundrie«. 171 horses. Jan. 20. Jortiua Bites, for Hong Kong.-8 bales birk, 160 boxes Eoap. Dollarn Tower, for London.-4,993 halos wool, 76 hhd. oil, 05 bales rags, 14 bundle* ropo, 5 000 Iio'iih. 5 tons bones, 21 casks lard, 91 ca»oa presorvvd moats, 10.) balcB g1 no piecos, 034 caskB tallow, 113 bales leather, 66 bales i-hcopsklns. Jan. 21. Loch Ness, for London.-4,044 halos wool, li culi oil, 714 cor-ka tallow, 64 bolos 20 piukages b.ulls, 12 balea leather, 31 bales sheepskins, 68 bales polts, 91 bales scrolls, 20 casks butter, 231 tons phosphateB 2 quarter-casks 43 CaBSB wine, 1 D19 cues prcBorvuti meatf, 81 ingots spelter. Jan 24. Nlntvoh, for Londou.-4,085 bil03 wool, 11 hiles leather, 26 casks bindi eand. lb cases wine, 1,300 jiiiih preserved meats, 344 casks tallow, 1 bale wha'o tins, Jan. 26. Trevelyon, for London.-6,170 bales wool, 05 bali-i ahcepekina, 146 cobos preEOrvod meata, 200 tout eoppo ore. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OP THE LAST MAIL. Jan. 3. Geelong, for Gallo Pa»aongors-cabln: Vor Klne: George's i-ound-JIr, Harrie. For Guho-JIe»srF. T. W. Castella, ¿.Cochrane, E. 8. Harley, T. B Scof. ForMadra«-Mr. Bird. For Calcutta-JIr. W. Wan- to. For Hong Kong-Messrs. T. W. Fdvvuds, Har.-, and A. F. Olmmboifl. For 8uoz-Monars. J. Langton Clark, K. h. Bell, Aitchcsori, 11. W. Fish. 1>\>. Southampton-Mettra, T. Jaokson, J. Hunter, and H. Meginnlas. Jan. 4. Hydaspop, for London. Passongors-cibin : Atra. Wrliiht, Mrs. E. Groenwood, MIbs Grconwood, Mlm Pollott, Mr. atidilrs. Forman, Mrs. Weoks and four children and Infant. Mesare. Curtayno, W. R. Stokor, G. Waterworth ; »mi 27 in tho attorogo, Jan. 7. George Thompson, for Lnndon. Passengers-cabin : Mr. W. H. Hooke, Mastor and Miss Dardoll. Jan. IO. Kent, for Loudon. Pa«Bougera-cabin: Madame A Bichardel, Miss Wlbol, Mina Pretty, Mr. Jamo3 Lan dots, Mr. Penny, Dr. Q. F. Hoar, Mr. and Mrs. Gibton and four children ; and 27 in the 'tweou decks. Jan. 11. Great Britain, b.p., for Llvorpooi. Passengers-ctbl-i Mr. and Mrs.G. fini beroury ; Mrs. Frank Cunningham, MIbs Ida Cunningham, ond servant ; Mr. Wm. Colo, Mr. Elöern, Mr. and Mrs Sanderson ; Master Wm Lcello, Miss Mary Leslie, two infants, and two Bar vonls; MaBtcrA. J. Boss,Mr. Adam Buineaand family, Mr. and Mrs Williams and Master Williams, Mr. anil Mrs. James Wilson,Miss Jcesio, Miss Jnnnio,and Master David Wilson, Mra. M'Mullon, Miss M'Mullon, Mu» Holen, Mita Mary, Mastor James, Master Georgo, Miss Allco,Mhs Ada und Master M'Mullon aud servant; Mra. Farrell, Mlis Farrell, Mian ICva, Miss Flora, and Matter Frederick Tarroll ; Mr. M Korale, Mr, Arundil, Mr. M. Dawson, Mr. Do la Orouer, Mr. P. M'Intoah, Mrs. M'lntosh, Mr. P. Noalo Mr. and Mrs Bolillero Miss Violet Bailliere, and infant; and ISO in tim second oud third cahill«. " Jan. 14. Newcastle, for London. Passengers-taloon : Mts Eliza Pain and fatn l)y (ilx), Miss P..in, Mr, ami Mrs John H. Cooko and family (four), Misa Cooke, Miss Florence Cooko, Mr, and Mrs. Edward Crombie and .»nilly (two), Mrs. Learmonth, Mrs. Mendorahjusoa, Mrs. AniBiido Dixon, Mis. Dufllold, Messrs. Leon Lazarus, Henry li. Roberta, _dward Roper; and 34 In the lecond and third class cablua. GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tho following is a list ol tho ships taking gold which have Balled from this port since tile publication nf our last Summary, togcthor with tho quantities aud diminution» : Date of Ship. Destination. Sailing. Jan. 3.. Rcilopg .. Gillio .. 123.534 J«), 4.. Rnngatira .. Sjdney .. 11,071 Jan. 10. Boro Sydoov .. 7,131 Ja». 11. Grett Britain .. Llvorpooi 41,124 Jan.17. Rangotira.. _ dvduoy .. 3.142 Joh. 19.. Dandenong Sydney .. 6,504 Jan. 20. Ijotliua Bites Hong Kme 3 037 Tho total amount ot gold exported from the i-olom silice tbo beginning of tho year is 104,056 ounces, o') 'which 0,729 ounces were transhipped from tie» Zealand. During tho corresponding period of tilt previous year tho entire quantity oxportcd war li 0.007 ounces, and ot thlfl tota.1 20,036 ouncea wore froiu New Zealand, 