CURRENT TOPICS. I The Commissioner of Hallways has gone to Ararat to address his constituents. The case of Mr Andrew Love, charged with larceny es a, bailee, was again before the Citj Court at Melbonrnc yesterday, and postponed till Fpiday, in the absence ofMr&ilJ.; The bltteasrt foe of the present Ministry, aari the Age, could by no potsible menns wrt .ftwi ft.wwis.fte few ftfci the polling tooths oa Tuesday. Mr Mac pherson has been returned for Hamilton, and Mr Michie has been rejected for South Gipps Land. In the Minister^ of Lands Sir James M'Culloch has nothing but an element of weakness, and a source of evil. Had Hamilton rejected him, it would have conferred a benefit upon the Ministiy, and proved itself grateful to the Chief-Secre tary for his promise of a railway. As long as Mr Macpherson is in office he will remind members of the treachery he per petrated, and he will invite attack by the shameful mnnner in which he administered the Land .Act. Had Mr Macpherson, therefore, lost his seat, Sir James M'Culloch could have obtained an able man as Min ister of Laude, and at the same time put out of sight one who, by his very presence in the Assembly, annoys and irritates hon. members. Hamilton, therefore, has been unkind to Sir James M'Culloch in being so kind to Mr Macpherson. . The weekly meeting of the Victorian Industrial Protection;Leagu6 took place on Tuesday, in the Trades Hall, Melbourne: Letters from fifteen candidates for the first batch .of-election were read by the secre tary, the candidates pledging themselves to support the imposition of protective duties ranging- from twenty to thirty;"per cent, where it was desirable to do bo' Mr Key ston suggested that a - special - meeting, should be called to discuss what candidates of the second batch should have the support of the league. Mr Rice thought it undesir able to bind the league to any particular number of _ candidates of both batches. Many superior, men might-come forward after the second batch of elections had been decided--such men as the league would be proud: to support. This suggestion was adopted, after some discussion, and it was decided to hold a special general meeting ,of;the leagne-on Tuesday next, to'decide what candidates of the second batch should havethe support of the league. . Something like a siene terminated Mr Blair's meeting at Crowlands on Saturday last. After the usual vote of confidence had been moved and seconded, Mr*Wake ham came forward on. the plattorm, and ?tated that Mr Blair, had been weighed in the balance and found wanting. He spoke at some length upon Mr Blair's delinquen cies, and that gentleman, immediately upon Mr Wakehstn sitting down, rose and charged him with political ingratitude. No man, he aid, in the district of Crow l&ndB;, had sceived so many benefits from him wiile in Parliament as Mi* Wakeham. Tiis Mr Wakeham imme diately. denied stating that he had, never receirel the slightest benefit at the hands of Mr Blair. -The latter gentleman deimnded of Mr Wakeham a proof of his* shtement that the electors of this district hid found him (Mr Blair) "wanting." . The audience, meanwhile, were in. a state ol confusion, which was not lessened when thj candidate, after receiving the tribute of thne cheers, ironically asked those present to Resist in consideration of Mr "Wakeham, yhomust be, he said, in agony at findingso many differing from himself with regard to the "merits of David Blair." \ On Thursday nijht last (says the Corn wall Chronicle) a shareholder in the Laun cestpn and Western Railway Company, having mislaid his ticket to admit him to a carnage on the oScial trip, made search for it to such an txtent as to remove a mantelpiece.. Ulanj missing articles were found behind it, bit not the ticket. He went and slept -upen it, and dreamed a dream, in which ht saw very : distinctly the missing ticket between the leaves of a book, but did not noiice which book. He mentioned this in tae morning to Mrs Shareholder, and the lady,- having more faith in dreams than her husband, made search, amongst the looks recently, used, and. in the second found the missing ticket. It is clear that there is'inore in space than was ever dreamt of!in our old world philosophy. \ . . In 1870 there were 90 births and 73 deaths in the Ararat^ district. Thirty three of. the deaths occurred in the lunatic asylum. . _The rains experienced here on Tuesday ot last week have been ascertained to have extended far into the interior of South Australia. ^ It appears that the sum deposited in the Savings Bank at Ballarat on Saturday last wis ^800, and. not £8000, as reported."1 , . George Frauds Train has escaped from his prison in France and has arrived in London, where he called at the Reform Club to inquire for " Gladstone, Granville, Forster, and Odges." j Mr C. B. Fisher has purchased the well known stud horse Angler, for transmission 0 , S'and- It is possible, however, that Angler may remain for a season in his old quarters at Marihyrcong. Immense numbers of wattle-trees are bemg destroyed for their bark in the Ararat district. This should be prevented, espe cially as the Government are now endea vouring to establish state forests. , The Government of Uew South Wales are about to prosecute the authors of the outiage on the remains of the late Mr Egan. A somewhat serious accident has occurred at Albuiy by the explosion of a cask of rum m the cellar of a public-house. The landlord was drawing some of the liquor, by the light of a match, when the spirit caught fire, and an explosion was the result. At Maryborough Circuit Court a man named Lester has been found guilty of an indecent assault on a child,*and sentenced, to two years' imprisonment with hard labour. Sir Redmond Barry, who pre sided, spoke very severely as to the atrocity ot the -prisoner's conduct. The father of the child was afterwards indicted for as saulting the Tellow who had abiwed his cmld. The jury found him guilty, evi dently to the annpyance of the judge, who inaic&tf; a 5ne of os. only. It appears that the man Bentley, -who i | was lately found in the Parliamentary | reserve, in a state of unconsciousness from laudanum, is the same man who kept the Eureka Hotel at Ballarat, before the Eureka riots there, and whose conduct mainly led to those riots. A woman named Young was caught about 2 o'clock oi^JTaesday morning in the act of attempting suicide in the Yarra, by a man. who accidentally was pastin". She is a miserable creature, her children hsiair in the industrial School, and she without a home, sleeping about in the bush on the banks of the river, and, as she said, not hsmpg been m a bed for a month. .. -A-young man named Louis Raymert, a butcher, in Belfast, has lost his life in a strangely innocent manner. He was in the act of chopping up meat, when a woman named Foley pushed his arm in fun, 60 that the chopper, instead of entering the meat, cut off the top of his fore-finger and went deeply into his hand between the tore-finger and thumb, severing the artery1 On Friday evening, tetanus or lock-jaw set in, and the unfortunate young man ex pired. The deceased wag only recently married. 3 A bush-fire has occurred in the Gram pians, near Hall's Gap. It was the first of the season, and was got under more readilv than was expected. ' . A writer, in the Ballarat Star suggests that a day of humiliation should be set apart for the fearful crop of lies which Heches?611 t0Uia £he iate _ Some fine Indian deer (of the Bura singja kind) have been sent to Gipps Land by the Acclimatisation Society to be libe rated on the mountains, where it is ex pected they will, thrive well. T,bf uU\° ?otorious horse stealers and would-be bushrangers-John Sullivan and Rolaud Leigh-who were "-allmtiTr tured by the police afer f'Sn^ which the , murder of the apprehendL T constable was: attemyted, was tried yester day before the Cr,winaI Sittings in Mel "S f?;!* Morgan, who was apprehended for^hild desertion under ^stressing circumstances was allowed to plead guilty, and wos dS charged on gmog bail to come up, if eaUed upon, to receive sentence a fetal accident to a Mrs Holpje* near Sandhurst, oh her return home after bidding good-bye to her hus MfflOilw pwwliag w «tint to hu friends in England. It now appears that there was something more and worse in the matter than accident. It appear* to be clear that the unfortunate woman had been subjected to personal violence, her body being found still alire near a log in the bush, away from the track, with the clothes disarranged, and appearances betokening the commission of a criminal offence. She lived, it is said, half-an-hour after being found in this condition, and it is also stated that when she was found two men were seen making their eBcape from the locality. Whether she fell out of the conveyance before being thus treated, or whether she was dragged from it, will probably never" be known. "We have since learned that bosh men are known, and will speedily be in custody. . . On Saturday a beggar went to a trades man in Warrnambool, and asked for a pair of trousers, as he had got a ticket of ad mission to the hospital, and had only one pair of.trousers to go in with." A pair was given to him, and the" donor, happening to be: standing outside a neighbour's door, a few hours afterwards, was accosted by a drunken man*, who ofiered to sell two shirts, which he said he wanted to turn into money. Soon after he brought out the pair of trousers he had got by false pretences. A constable was called, but could not take the man in charge as he had ' not seen the begging. ^ A settler near Mount Cole, named "Wil liam Cowan, has been" accidentally killed through the running away of the horses he was driving in his waggon. His sons were with him, and endeavoured to stop the horse, but unsuccessfully. 