GRENFELL. December 12. TUE heat has at last subsided, rain sot in last night, though not continuous but at short intervals. If it so continues, it will cool the air, extinguish the bush-fires, and otherwise effect immeasurable benefits to the district, if not the colony at large. During the adjudication of Mr. F Dalton, P.M. on, Tues day last, in divers mining disputes, had occasion to com ment upon tho inaccurate nature of the entries in the Mining Register, and stated that the books of registration ought to bo carefully kept, as they aro tho only reliable sourco to prove or trace ownership. Mr. Dalton has conferred a great boon upon mining communities by awaking attention in this direction, and it is hoped that all benches will not falito push matters into the proper channol. In respect to the report of the Boyal Mining Commission ers, their great fault Iles in their recommendations in respect to tho abolition of tho frontage system, tho giving of unli mited extent of area, Sc., not warranted and not borne out by ovidonce. They certainly point out to some directions in Victoria, but thoy do not tell those who have to deal with it that extendod areas in Victoria mean totally abandoned, long deserted, and thoroughly poor ground, after having bean turned over by tho miners numbers of times. On what basis do they condemn the frontage system ? Tho very mode they proposo shows that they do not rightly understand tho nature of that admirable system which saves work expenses, time, and, if gold ts in the ground, socureBit to the bona fido shareholders, Bogist-ation will not answer as well as shep herding. This has been proved times out of number, nor can forfeiture be replaced by any scheme, if efficient working ot a claim is made a condition of ownership It is clearly evi dent that without actual forfeiture by law no work will bo done on gold-fields. There was some retorting dono' last week at the machines. O'Brien's prospectors realized at Hopi in's machine 408 ozs to 364 tons quartz. At the Victoria 100 tons of tho Homeward Bound prospectors brought 150 ozs ; at M'Cennell's the Brit annia has not finished yet. 