THE WEATHER, AGRICULTURE, k6. I FnoM,Wagga Wagga; tiio Advertise^ reporta :-The rainy ' wiatbcr reported in our lastbroko up on Wednesday night, and si¿co then wd have been favoured with weather moro I like spring thuin llie early part of winter. The late rain has }>e«n a gcd-B«nd for pastoralists and agriculturists-the ¡ latter con now go to work at their ploughing at' once. Tho river keeps up to a reasonable height, and thero is every reason to hope that we may bo spared from Hoods this sea- son. The Ipn-inile Creek correspondent of iho Albury Sati- ner writes on the 11th instant :-Winter has come upon us in real earnest at last, as for tbo last two Or three days we hnvo had' rain in abundance, not too heavy to cause floods, but îust enough to givo tho ground a good qoakiug. A little dry. weal hor would bo welcomed so as to got on with ' tho sowing, asina good many places the ground is rather too'wet to harrow. 'But at present the proipocts of the farmers aro very good, and it is to be hoped that the season may continuo favourable ana a 'good crop bo tho result. During the early part of tho present week (says the Times of the lytb), the residents of Gundagai woro afflicted with ' most miserable, cheerless weather. On Sunday and Mon- day, the surrounding ranges wero, obscured with mists, the sky was grey and dismal, with heavy, low-hanging clouds ¡ and drizzling wet, varied by smart showers descending ' almost continuously. Rain fell steadily day and night on Tuesday, and on that evining tho Sydney mail did not arrive, In consequence of tho Jugiong Creek being flooded, und the boat now in uso there being considered unsafe. ' On Wednesday, there was a partial lull of bid weather in IbOTHOmwgi but towards 3 pm. wo had a rattling down- pour of; heavy rain. All the witer-courses, footpaths j and ruts leading from Mount Parnassus, wero converted into niiniatufo torrents, and resident! on the lower side of our main street again experienced tho discomforts of being located in a township built on a steep hill-side. On Friday tho weather seems to havo cleared up, and tho river tubsided. The Queanbeyan Age of the 11th Bays : The greater portion of tho past week has been more or leas rainy, Tuesday especially being a day of soaking rain. The rivers roso half-flood, and the streets became impassable. Tho rain that has fallen has been of groat use, and brought to tho farmers a busy time indeed. Yesterday the woather partly cleared up, but tho sky still wore an unsettled appearance. From Gundare« the correspondent of tho lass Courier on tho 9th says:-Wo ' aro now enjoying a good share of rain, and it has caused the ploughs to be sot very busily to work. Our farmers aro embracing the | opportunity of turning over the soil while thoy havo tho cbance, as the season is now getting late, and fears are entertained that wo may yet have a ' dry winter, notwithstanding the rain that has, already fallon. The iurrtnea Advocate of Saturday reports :-There has been a very heavy rainfall in this district during the post week. It commenced raining curly on Sunday morning lust, but ceaBed before midday. Thoro was another downpour in tho evening; and on the following day thero were several 'very heavy showers. On Tuesday it ruined nearly the whole day; but at night it became ii no, though the sky was cloudy. On Wednesday thora were a ftw heavy showers ; and on Wednesday night it rainod bittvily. Thursday morning was cold and foggy; but before midday the sun. shone out brilliantly. A few sprinkling showers fell in tho afternoon. On Tuesday tne river rose 10 or 12 feet, but subsided very rapidly. It is now about 4 feet above its level before the recent raine. Since Thursday wo have had very pleasant weather. The rain has been general throughout the district, and will provo of great service to the agricultural portion of our population. Tho latest news from Deniliquin is to the 6th instant, when the rain had not reached that part of the Riverine country. It was anxiously looked for to freshen up the grass. From Bourke the correspondent of iho Western Mxamitier, 13th instant, writes;-"Daring the past week Viohaveliceu threatened with iain,jbut it has all cleared off, and now wu have real summer Weather. Some of the squatters aro wishing for raihj as a supply just now would prevent them from bringing their stock on to the frontage." At Dubbo (says the Dispatch of tho 12th), There «as a chango of weather on Saturday which was very agreeable to persona engaged in pastoral pursuits. Rum comiuenccd to fall about 10 o'clock p.m., and it con- tinued to foil in intermittent showers till Tuesday. The moisture that fell will soften the soil sufficiently to allow of fanning operations being at once actively Bet about. , The Sloughs, will next week be very generally at work around tubbo. It, is to be hoped that the farmers' reward this ¡ year will be moro substantial than it wfts last.-The Car- coar correspondent of' the Haihurst free Presé says : During the past week the weather has been'fine, with warm , sunny days and cool pleasant nights, followed occasionally , by 'frosty mornings. 'Last' week 'we" had'about twelve hours'i steady rain, ,and it is now showery,: with indications of /moro rain. Tho, fanners are ¡ ! making rapid progress with their ploughing and sowing, as the land is in capital working order. Bheep are still suffering from foot rot, finke, and worms, and, the number of deaths; is rather over the average of the general losses. Those diseases' are caused by the heavy and continued rains of the last fourteen months. There have been several 'cases of plenro- pnbumonia amongst the cattle lately ; bat I do not think the cases' are on the increase. It would not be much to be wondered.at if we wero to hoar more of the pleura in the neighbourhood, for a few days ago a mob of cattle was driven through the district on the road from the Lachlan to Bathurst, and several head Buffering from this disease were left at the camps without being destroyed, Heavy rains aro'reported as having fallen atBathnrst, The Tan» of the 110th says:-The weathor still' remains wet and uncomfortable, and since Saturday afternoon hut there has not been holt an hour's sunshine. On Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday it was beautifully' Ano, and many wero in hopes that, Jor a time at'least, tne rain had disap- peared ; but they wero disappointed, and the clouds whioh gathered overhead on Saturday, end tho chango of a ohilly to a wairo ahuosphere, were but the forerunners of a heavy downpour which occurred on Sunday morning. Duiing.the rest of tho day the sky presented a dark end threatening appearance, and on Mondiy morning it exhibited tho eanio gloomy aspect. A great . deal of rain had fallen through the night, and up till midday the showers were sufficiently frequent and heavy to bring.unibrcllas and overcoats into requisition. A ces- sation then took placo, but it was only temporary, and about hiilf-past 6 dhd rain carne-' doWn in torrents/ This continued at untervala during a greater part of tho night, and jestcrday we were visited wjth a series of showers, halt mist, half ram, which woro disogreeablo in"tho oxtromo. As for as vvJo havo been able to loarn1, the various tributa- ries of the MacmiaHo have not been rendered impassable. In the repurt of (ho Westernmost (Mudgee), it is,Btated undir date tho'llth instant that rain, which commenced to' fall in'lighl showers on Saturday morning last, came down1 in earnc-t on Sunday night, and_ continued almost withou intermission up toTuebday ovoning, at timos in very heavy sbowirs, acumipiinicd by distant thunder, since whioh the weather has bet n delightful, tile days being fine and warm with mild dewy nights. This will be of much benoflt to the grutB, and induce a growth of young food, besides doing away with all apprehensions of bush-fires, which were beginning to do much damage in aomo districts, The Hw rafcotig Argus of Saturday stales that rain commenced on Sunday, and poured down heavily through the night. Monday WUH dull and showery, and on Tuesday and Tuos- I day nifht the rainfall WBB hard und steady. On Wednesday morning, about 8 o'clock, tho clouds cleared away and the day was fine, but n few ehuwers fell at night. On Thura day wo had ft shower or two, but towards evening it grew cold, and fine weather appears now te have Bet in. The Maitland Mereuty furnishes tho following intelli- gence :-Tho extraordinary nioist season which has pre- vailed for Uio past fifteen months has1 apparently not yet como to a termination. 6inco the raine in the beginning of tho previous week wo had a few fine days, but on Sunday tvming a chango took place, and since then wo have had a succession of light showere. During Wednesday night tho Hunter continued rising, and reached tho height of 92 feet by the bridgo gauge early on Thursday morning. It then umained stationary fur some hours, but commenced, to fall early in the afternoon, and -continued falling till Dyjj o'clock yesterday evening tho gaugo at the bridge marked 16 fee», a total fall of 7 feet. The wholo of Thursday was fino and pleasant, but though sunshino prevailed dünner tho greater part of yesterday, the weather was stormy and unsettled, and a couplo of heavy showers wero discharged over the town about midday - very violent while thoy lasted. At tbo Paterson throughout Monday and Tuesday, tho weather presented, a very threatening appearance for ruin. On Tuesday, a few slight showers' fell, hiit again cleared off during Tuesday night, and it has remained fine sinco. Wo notice a rise in tho river last evening of two or three feet, indicating n heavy fall in the upper part of the diBtrict. This week (says tho Upper Hunter Courier, of the I2th), like its predecessor, was ushered in by downfalls of min. On Monday and Tuesday it como down hoavily, and no mail carno down on tho latter day from Murru- rundi, an the Page was a banker. On Tuesday morning, Messrs. Howland and ßelfo took their carts lo the flat, to remove the goods of any 1 one wishing to fako to higher ground, but it was determined to wait till tho ovening. Tho Hunter roso 6 feet between daylight and broakfast time, but shortly afterwards commenced to fall steadily. Had tho rain con tinuid heavy floods must havo resulted. Tho Paterson correspondent of the Mercury states that during tho past week Mrs. M'GilvryloBt a milch cow, and Mr. Brooker a milch cow, from tho efiecla of the disease that has pre- vailed in tho neighbourhood for some time past, bota of which died equally as sudden as former instances whiob. bave been previously noticed. Wo learn also that Mr. Tinkler has loBt a Valuablo colt at Webber's Crook, from similar causes from which so many have died aboutthe ! town, so tha,t it appears that tho disease 48 spreading. We leura that at Tocal the discaso hos. also appeared amongst i somo of the horses ; bnt prompt measures having been 1 token, and strong doses of medicine administered, had the , (fleet of carrying off the diseaso without its proving fatal. ' ',.-?. Dates from the moro northorly part of the coast district are to the 6th instant. The Harwood Island cofrespondont 1 of tho Grajton Observer reports on tho 1st matant that the rain had ceased for three'or four days. Tho late' corn looks 1 healthy and green. Tho Richmond River correspondent of the Clarence Examiner writes on thb !»6th ultimo : Järom this quarter there is little or nothing to communicate- tho weather as usual being wot and nothing ,but mud, mud, mud everywhere, making everything uncomfortable, and ing indeed. Our' farmers, howover, aro of the'right sort, determined to persevere'until something better turnBtip. I seo no dejected looks, but apparently a firm resolve to see tho good, now that thoy have seen the bad side. > Attho beginning of the month there were plentiful rains atiBallina, Woodburn, and Codrington. In the last named locality they were rathor damaging to the prospects of the farmer. The Southern Coast districts seem to nave had some fino weather after the lato rains. Tho'Shoalhavan Hews of Saturday reports ¡-During the post week, the weather has been cold, wet, and miserable. Tho heavy falls of rain in the early part of the week gavo TÍBO to serious appre- hensions of another and larger flood, but notwithstanding the strong-fresh water current that has existed, tho rivor keeps within its banks, scarcely rising above highwater mark. Along our coast, tho sea has been exceedingly rou gil during the week,, tie waves | breaking over tho low beaches and filling up the hollows behind tho sandhills with sea water. Tho prevailing winds havo been blowing from the west the lost two days very- cold, and indicating, a fall of snow in the Braidwood district. The Burrier correspondent ?writing" on the 8th, says the damage done by the late rains has been very considerable far more so than was at first supposed. To say nothing of the corn that has actually been destroyed, nearly the whole crop is so laid by the heavy wind and rain as to entail a great deal of extra labour in gathering it in. rMuch of tho land on tho banks has been carried away, and should this process recur periodically, as seems more than probablo, I question if in the courso of twenty years thero will bo any ' farms left. As a natural conséquence thero is a general depression amongst us, and the dark clouds' that are hanging about now make people feel queer at the idea of what may yet be in etoro for us. At Boolong, on Tuesday, it rained throughout the day, and light showers haye fallen at irregular intervals up to the preBe-nt moment. The atmosphere still wears a gloomy and threatening aspect, indicating the miserabio probability of moro rain, Tho swamps aro stiU overflowing, and on their surface myriads of wild fowl, especially ducks, aro to bo seen, making it truly a caution to insects, and frogs in parti- cular. The Braidwood Dispatch of Saturday says : After a succession of pretty smart showers yesterday, the sky after dusk became perfectly clear, the stars shining out most brilliantly, and the previous dampness being succeeded by a sharp frosty atmosphere, betoken- ing a cleanng- up of the weather for another spoil, though it would be hazardous to conjecture for how long. From Bombala it is reported in tho Times of the 6th, that up to tho previous Friday thero was fino weather, but ! heavy rains followed for several days without doing much damage. The Broughton Creek correspondent of tho ' Kiama Independent, 11th instant, says:-The late windy and wet weather has- done serions damage to the maize crop in this locality. That in the low lands was covered for some days with the backwater, which will have the effect of prematurely ripening.it, and I shall notbasur i prised to hear that the early corn is growing on thoi stalk. ' In places exposed to tho strong gale, the damage is also very serious. The ground, with the heavy rain, is so soft, and the stalks , so heavy that the first blast laid them prostrate, It is a sad sight to see fields of carn, upon , which so much labour has been- expended, laid low in a ' Bingle day ; and which, if the rain continues, will be cn ! tirely lost.' Tho creeks in some places -overflowed their i banks, but not sufficiently so todo any damage to fences. 1 The Southern ¡Standard (Bega) of.1 the 6th states that, on the previous Friday, rain sot in and lasted to the following; Tuobday. The damage sustained by the, settlers is-of a I very serious nature. The greatest part of the maize crop which, the farmers were looking forward to, as a means of i discharging their pressing liabilities, has neem hopelessly destroy ed ; numbers of pigB, wo hear, have been drowned, and several crop's of potatoes washed away.' At Candelo, 1 the bridge-which had been lately erected was swept clean away, being the only damage inflicted in this quarter. At Double Creek, in addition to the loss of orops, wo regret to < have to record tho loss of human life. A German family, of the name of Facht, residing on Mr. John Tarlin i ton's farm, which they rented, . having a quan- tity of potatoes alrea'dy dug, and being anxious to savo them,' sent their eldest son, Christian, about l8 of 20 years of age, with two horses and a slide to draw tho potatoes to a place of safety, he having secured the load was 'returning, but so sudden and rapid was the riso of back wafer that he was instantly surrounded, and on crossing a gully horses, driver, and potatoes sank into dcop water, when the unfortunate youth together with both horses were drowned, the body wai not recovered until Tuesday last not far from where the accident occurred. The destruction iof the maize orops at Warregubra, Jellat Jellat, and j all tho flats adjoining the river in that locality was great, and thoproprietors and occupiers of those farms are heavy sufferers. , , I 'The Tamworth Examiner' of Saturday states that the .district was visited, during the previous week, ' with the heaviest rain of the season. In the neighbourhood of ¡Moonby and Nundle, the rain was quite as heavy as at Tamworth, as both the Cockburn and Peel came down in ¡great volume, but'luckily not together, as their junction occurs close to the township, and whentha* event happens ,a flood of a very serious character generally ensues. It. bas, foitunately for the township, only occurred once during the post thirteen years, namely, in the flood of 1864. At Goonoo Goonoo, the storm does not appear to have been so viojent as at Tamworth, although the creek of that name broke over its banks within the town boundary,-bat this is attributable to the rainfall between Tamworth and that township.' To the westward, we learn, it was very heavy, both at Gunnedah and Narrabri, and travelling between those places and Tamworth is now exceedingly difficult. 