THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORNING, J UNE 7,1S71. Sixty thousand pounds is the measure of our oxponditure on public charity and tho punish mcntofcrimoin Tasmania, and this irrespective of upwardsof twenty thousand pounds paidforpolice protection, over and above what tho municipal- ities assess themsolves inforpolicepurposes. The State comes in the placo of parent, guardian, and friend, to the poor, the aged, and the helpless ; and where tho object of charity is real, the charity bestowed should bo doled out with no harshly niggard hand. Many who now fill our places of refuge occupy their present position consequent on their own iinprovidonco ; but not a few have been the subjects of misfortune, and their now abject position very different from that they once, occupied, is from no fault of thoirs. Both may have in their day done the Stato some service. Both may have contributed their quota, when in health and strength, to tho exponses of tho Colony, and to the support of tho then recipients of relief ; and have thus a claim on the Colony on which they now form a burden. However their pre- sent state has been brought about, humanity and duty aliko give them a claim to support. Wo have another largo class among us who aro a still greater incubus on our energies. The criminal class drains the Colony yearly of some whore about £20,000. While at largo they are the terror of tho well disposed, from whom by violence, cunning, or fraud, they take spoil. What their cost to the Colony in this way is not known. But tho repressing and detecting their depredations,costs£20,000atlcastinapoliceforce, while their punishment costs as much moro ; these two sums preventing the Colony being ovorrun by lawless hordes. Tho claims of the poor on our commiseration, and of the criminals on our instincts of self-preservation, leave us without tho means of dispensing with our charitable and ponai establishments. We admit the obligations of charity, and tho claims of justice. But still tho sum of £00,000 is a largo ono to expend in the luxury of charity, or the punishment of crime. It might well be looked on as a largo sum were the first or original expenditure lessened or recouped by Bomo compensation given by thoso on whom the money is expended. The expenditure of such a sum, however, when we know it is practically altogether unreproductive, assumes a stil more serious aspect, and demands grave considera- tion. There is too much reason to fear that in this matter Government after Government havo been allowing mattere to drift along. It has been felt to bo a difficult question to deal with ; and therefore it has boen from time to time put on' to a more convenient season, and that has not yet arrived. The approaching elections, how over, suggest an effort at a considerable reduc- tion in tho cost to the Colony of the charitable and penal establishments, which may be accom- plished in such a manner that tho condition of tho poor may bo improved, and tho lawlessness of tho criminal classes may bo checked. Tho subject is too large to bo dealt with in tho Bpaco wo can afford ; but a few points of contrast, and of muttorsBUggestive of inquiry and, it may be, roform, may be mentioned,though the difficulty in doing this is increased by the divorsity in the forms of returns from institu- tions in ovory respect tho same except locality. Why such diversity should bo tolerated wo know not ; and tho fact that tho annual roports from the General Hospital, Hobart Town, and tho General Hospital, Launceston, do not -contain information on the same points, tho onecontaining something that the other does not, and »ice versa, indicates carelessness or indifforenco on tho part of Government, leading to a pro forma style of report on tho part of the officers making tho returns. In tho Hobart Town Hospital the cost of each indoor patient was for 18G9, the last year for which we have returns, 2s. 2d. per day, and £39 11s. per annum. In Laun- ceston tho respectivo costs were la. lOid. and £34 1 Ob. , roversing tho rulo which, spreading tho cost of management over a larger number, reduces tho individual cost. The number of patients treated in the Hobart Town hospital was 1,001, in Launceston 432. In Hobart Town the salaries were £1,744 17s., in Launceston £822 10s., considerably less than one-half of those of Hobart Town. In Hobart Town the " Other expenses " were £2,78G 14a., in Launces- ton £1,709 Cs., considerably moro than one-half those of Hobart Town. Wo aro aware that peculiar circumstances may effect the differences wo mention, and while we would not have these details overlooked, but carefully considered and watched, wo would have reforms otherwise introduced that would rendor available what over working strength any establishment main- tained at the pnblio cost may contain. At the present moment, the line of diatinction between the Hobart Town Hospital and the Cascades and Brickfields Pauper Establishments is so faint that even the medical gentlemen cannot define it, while between the Cascades, in some of its branches, and the Brickfields, the distinction is simply that of caprice or the whim of some of the medical staff. One of the officials in the Cascades tells us there are numbers of able bodied paupers there. If so, considering that thero are also in that establishment many who, though not able bodied, are able to do some thin», the value of the total labour of the estab- lishment is pitifully small. The Cascades establishment is one of which little is known ; but both it and the Brickfields might, by a little preliminary expenditure and trouble, be made more Belf-Bupporting. The officers in charge, may do much in organizing and carrying out any system of j labour, but the Government muBt I co-operate with them and supply them the means. The employment to which the Cascades inmates are now set, does not embrace a sufficiently wide field for such diversified classes of inmates; while the labour recently expended in making a road by the Brickfields paupers, not one of whom is able-bodied, shows how much may be done by industry. The Cascades presents a singular difference in the cost of male and female inmates. I The annual cost per head in the female depart- j ment was, for I860, £14 10s. ; that of the males, £11 2s. 9d. ; just twopence less than the cost of children. At the Brickfields, the coat of each male per annum was £13 15s. 4id. ; at the Queen's Asylum the cost of the destitute children was, per head, £10 12s. lljd. This establish- ment is said to be larger than necessary for the present requirements of the Colony. It might, therefore, be worth the consideration of Govern- ment whether it could not be utilized by trans- ferring to it such a class of State pensioners as can do something for their support. The adaptability of the Barracks, too, might be taken into consideration. As an industrial establish- ment, it possesses many capabilities that might be turned to account. If we wish information as to our penal estab- lishments, we look in vain for it in any such reports as are annually laid on the table of Parliament from the charitable institutions. What crumbs of information are to be got, must be picked up from the estimates submitted by the Tbeasukek, and the statistics of the Colony, as compiled by the Uovernment statistician. What suggests itself on reading Mr. Nowell's compilation, is that if creature comforts and the core of the State count for anything, it is much better to be a prisoner than a pauper. A total daily average of 187 prisoners in Hobart Town Gaol cost the Colony in 18G9 the enormous sum of £4,355 3s. 7d. less the paltry sum of £11713s. 9d., stated to havo been received for metal, and moneys forfeited, being found improperly in possession of prisoners. The gang labour was not estimated in value, probably because that labour has been so notoriously frittered away. But we have the fact that the annual cost to the Colony of each prisoner was £22 12s. 9d., while the expense of each male supported at the Cascades was, as we have stated, £11 2s. 9d., not quite one-half ; at the Brickfields, £13 15s. ; even at tho Queen's Asylum, where the children aro being prepared for going into the world, the cost per head was but £10 12s. In Laun- ceston matters are still worse. Each prisoner there costs per annum £23 17s., including males and females. The cost of a female in the House of Correction, Hobart Town, is £14 10s.; so that the Hobart Town average cost of prisoners, irrespective of sex, is £18 11s. ; in Launceston, £23 17s. In Hobart Town the salaries in the gaol are £300 less than the " Other expenses. " In Launceston the salaries exceed the " Other exponses" by £600. The difference is still greater against Launceston management, when the gaol for females in Hobart Town is taken into account, tho " Other expenses" there being upwards of two pounds for every pound spent in salaries. In the gaols for males and females in Hobart Town there is expended for salaries £2,741 ; on " Other expenses," £3,770 ; the Launceston sums being respectively £2,020 and £1,408. There aro few problems affecting the future state of society which have excited more atten- tion of late in Europe than the gradual increase of insanity. The higher the degree of education attained, and the moro close and exhausting the pressure of brain-work rendered incumbent on the competitor for public appreciation and favour in all the walkB of civilised life, so in- creases the number of tho shipwrecks of the mind tho statistician has to record. Naturally "Great wits are sure to madness near allied, And thin partitions do their bounds divide " But it is not to those coses, and the breaking down of the weak walls that separate genius from lunacy, that attention has been directed ; it is to tho increasing development of disorganisation of the brain from hard and constant labour of the mind, in the race for fame,and, indeed, in many cases, for the means of existence. The necessity for this constant over-exertion appears to grow with the progress of society. One discovery leads to another, and opens up new channels in succession into which there is an immediate rush to reap the first fruits of the new revelation or invention. As capital has increased, so has competition ; until men have come to live a life timo- reckoned by the notions of our grand- fathers on tho subject of work-in a very few years. The schoolmaster, in fact, has intro- duced this unwelcome phase in the social life of the day, and furnished a problem which the physician can do little to solve, though the subject is now being watched and examined with an interest which is not limited to European observers. What has thus been remarked at home has also been commented on the Colonies, where, however, other causes have been ascribed for the increase of insanity, and perhaps correctly. Tho same pressure from the sharp competition in ovcry walk of life, but especially in those which educated persons usually follow, does not exist in the Australasian Colonies ; and the development of lunacy, therefore, has been loss, although it has embraced not a few victims from among the finest minds in the Colonies. On this subject a general report has lately been presonted to the Legislature of Victoria by Mr. Paley, the Inspector of Asylums, whose experience amongst tho insano has been extensive in England as well as at tho antipodes, and many of the facts ho states are well worthy of being noted and considered. Writing now only to supply our readers with information, we may state on Mr. Paley's authority that on the 1st of January, 1870, the number of pationts in Victorian asylums was 1705, and that on the last day of the year the number was 1849, an increase of 144. There had been 5GG new casos admitted, and only 27G were discharged cured or relieved, while 135 lunatics died. This increase, however, Mr. Paley ascribes rather to the increase of population, with the proportion of insanity natural to the larger number of people, than to a greater development of the tendency to lunacy. The increase of 144, he says, is duo to the accumulation of chronio cases, the result of 22 years' experience, an accumulation which should stop " at an average generation from the arrival of the bulk of the immigrants." Mr. Paley confirms the popular impression, that though fatuous persons are short-lived, patients labouring under a disordered brain, on the contrary, live long. Thus there are now in the asylum patients representing every year since the Yarra Bend was first opened. The first patient admitted (ao far back aa 1848) «ni/ died lut year. Other* remain who entered in the same year ; and more have .utlived every officer who was in the insti- tution when they first became patients. Strangely enough, as is noticed in passing, the ratio of increase of lunacy has been greater in New South Wales than in Victoria, though causes of excitement would Beem to have been fewer there, and the " full generation " Mr. Paley speaks of has been attained to a much larger extent. In 1869 and 1870 the proportion of recoveries to admissions was 40 per cent., with 8 per cent, more of cases relieved, or 48 per cent, in all. The average in England for eleven years was 31 per cent. In the Victorian asylums, I also, the rate of mortality has been small, being only 7*73, as compared with 10-34 in England. It was popularly supposed that the excitements of the early days of the gold-fields, the un- limited indulgence then common in bad and adulterated liquors, and the privations suffered, had begun to tell in late years in the number of insane persons who were crowding to the asy- lums ; but Mr. Paley informs us that the ratio is, as nearly as possible, the same as in England and Wales, and lower than that of the three kingdoms. The English rate was one in every 403 in 18G9, and one in 411 in 1868, and in Victoria it was one in 393. In Scotland it was one in 368, which was accounted for by the more perfect registration there ; and in Ireland one in 325, the proportion being made apparently relatively greater by the extensive emigration, no lunatic person being taken on board an emi- grant ship. In the Colonies, also, a very large number of the imbecile class are admitted to the asylums, who would in England have been maintained at the homes of their friends, or in , parochial institutions. This, and a tendency to concentrate the lunatic and the imbecile in the [ metropolis shown by their friends and the | magistracy, has so swollen the Yarra Bend Asylum, that though it has been relieved by drafts to the new institutions at Beechworth and Ararat, it is one of the largest in the world, only three in England and three in France holding more patientB. Sixty insane prisoners, or " criminal lunatics," have been under treatment there for the last three years, and Mr. Paley notes that there has been almost an entire absence of cures amongst them. ' ' Owing to their criminal habits, vicious cunning, and sloth," the cost of maintaining and taking care of them is high, and as they derive no corresponding benefit, and their presence retards the recovery of the other inmates, it is recommended that these classes of patients should bo treated in gaol. Mr. Paley is also of opinion that it is injurious to Bend to asylums persons suffering from delirium tremens, these being coses that are better treated at home, or in au hospital ; or, if crime has been committed under the influence of the hallucination, in gaol. Preparations are now being made, it is stated, for the treatment of such cases in some of the up-country towns a step from which much benefit is expected. The causes of insanity in Victoria are discussed by Mr. Paley at some length ; but, curiously enough, in the elaborate summary of the report now before us this fact is only stated, and what wa should think would he one of the most interesting portions of tho report is passed over without oven a hint being given as to what Mr. Paley has to say on the subject. The Chinese, it appears, have forty-six of their countrymen in the asylums, which gives a proportion to the sane larger than that of the European popu- lation. Fifty-five of the inmates of the Yarra Bend were born in the Colonies, and 40 of them are idiots under twenty years of age. No suicide occurred among the patients in 1870, although 71 of 400 fresh cases admitted to the Yarra Bend were officially reported as having suicidal ten- dencies. The rato of maintenance of lunatics at the Yarra Bend was 13s. 2d. per head ; at Nottingham it was 29s. 2d. ; in New York 18s. 8d. ; and in Massachusetts 15s. od.. In Wilts it was 8s. Id., and in Dorset only Cs. 10s. ; but in those asylums the rate of pay of the officers was little more than nominal, and the patients received only 1| per lb. of meat, while in Melbourne they received 5J lbs. Probably owing to this low dietary scale the mortality in Wilts was higher than in Victoria by not less than 30 per cent. Curiously also, in contrast with the stylo of living in Victoria, the insanity in Wilt- shire, where its victims are 755 in a population of 236,000 in all, is directly attributable to a low standard of living, due to the fact that the local rate of wage is the smallest in all England. On the subject of habitual drunkenness Mr, Paley has a special paragraph worth particular attention jnstnow. Heisdecidedlyopposedtotheplacing of such persons in lunatic asylums. The experiment was authorised by a statute passed in 1807, which Mr. Paley thinks has failed entirely in its object. Two methods are provided, it is said,-one semi-voluntary, tho other compulsory. A few cases have been sent to the asylumsforlengthened periods under the compulsory clauses, payment of maintenance being secured. " These patients usually became perfectly sane and sober in a few days, and strongly resented their continued confinement amidst tho insane as harsh and cruel-more cruel than a short term of impri- sonment with enforced labour." Few of them would consent to do any work ; and medical treatment, and efforts to bring about reformatory results, were utterly nullified by the depressing influences of the place. Stratagems for obtain- ing drink were constantly devised and put in practice ; and their powois of self-control were not brought into play. The results were re- garded as very decidedly against the com- mittal of inebriates by a compulsory process to a public lunatic asylum. In America, whore the system was tried two years oarlier, it has been equally a failure ; and tho county judges have ceased to put tho law in operation. If a compulsory law has failed on trial in cases such as these, it can scarcely bo argued that a more com-1 prehonsively compulsory measure would be a success. _ An official report has beon presented to the South Australian Government by Mr. Todd, the Superin- tendent of Telegraphs in that Colony, which affords ?omo precise information as to the progress that has been made with the construction of the overland line of wiro between Port Augusta and Port Darwin, and the prospect of its completion wilhin the next six months. By reference to the latest published mnp the progress of the men engaged in iho work can readily bo traced. The lino, wo may repeat for tho sako of completeness, will bo 1,700 or 1,800 milos in length ; and throughout itB whole course it has beon built so as to avoid flats and low lands liable to inundation, and yet to be near to permanent water. Leaving Port Augusta, the line skirts the eastern slope of the Flinders Range, running north- ward for 180 miles ; and then, changing to westward, it passes betwoan Lake Torrons and Lako Eyre, then north-eastwardly along the west bank of that shoot of witter to Mount Hamilton, thnnco north- wards to tho Strangways Springs, across the Nenlos Uiver, and by way of Stuart's Truck direct to tho River Roper and Port Darwin. The first contract of SOO miles from Port Augusta carrios tho lino to the north of 27 ° S. lat., and it is hero that tho driest country has been found, and the gronlost scarcity of timber. It was intended to use chiefly galvanised iron pillars, but theso wore lata in arriving, and thus timber was carried forward for poles. Comparatively few of the new pillars wero used, and theso chiefly in the last hun- dred miles of the first contract, while the romaindor are to bo sont northward, to bo used wherovor thoro appears to bo danger of bush-fires. On this contract for fiOO miles, up to the middle or end of April, 350 miles of polos had been erected, and the remainder of the distance was being rapidly crossed. Tho stretching of the wire waa to be proceeded with in a fow days, and to ho carried on at the rata of over a hundred miles per month, the moat of the win having been carted np to where it was wanted. The central section was divided into five portions, to each of which a separate working party was assigned. Two hundred and fifty tons of stones and materials bad been carted into the centre of the Continent for thom ; and the rcmiiininT supplies were being shipped by sea to to the Roper River, which empties itself into the Gulf of Carpentaria, and which had been surveyed and found navigable for a sufficient distance to make it advisable to chooso that route for forward- ing stores. Abundance of fine timber and water bad been discovered over all these five sections ; the poleB wore of blue gum and pine of great strength ; and on tho two southern sections 100 milos of poles had been erected by the end of March. Sections C and D would be commenced in April, and section E in May ; and the five sections would, in all, embrace COO miles north of lat. 27°. The contract for tho northern portion of the lino was commenced by Messrs. Darwent and Dalwood in February, and íd seven weeks ninety miles of poles had been erected. Their contract for 550 miles would be completed by the end of the year. It is expected that in Septem- ber there will be telegraphic communication open 800 miles north of Port Augusta. Ko fear of interruptions was entertained, as the line would be well cleared, the natives were not likoly to give (rouble, and substantial stations were to be built (one is already erected) at about every ISO or 180 miles. At each station there will be placed four persons, provided with all necessary appliances for repairing the line, and well supplied with provisions and other stores. ? As the parties advanced thsy had found that the difficulties of travelling in the interior wore more imaginary than real ; the country was well timbered and watered ; tho stock were fat, though hard worked ; and some thousands of sheep and a large number of bullocks and horses that had been sent forward were all in excellent condition. As the .ntire lino of country had boen travelled over, and every difficulty ascertained and provided for, there is no reason to doubt that the end of the year will see the line opened across Australia. If the British Telegraph Company completo their portion of tho undertaking, the first duy of 1872 should seo Anglo Australian messages passing between London and Hobart Town aB freely as those between Hobart Town .nd Sydnoy. The Queensland Government have also received a report from their superintendent, Mr. Cracknell, to the effect that the Cardwell and Normantown telegraph, completing the Queens- land system, will be ready in August. There appears to be a difficulty about the sou cable, however, the South Australian Government contending that the English company is prohibited by its agreement with thom from laying a cable to Carpentaria, or transmitting messages for Queensland through any other than tho South Australian lino. But tho Indian wires ure not the only ones which oller a means of communication with Europe. The Russian line will soon be connected with the Chincso cable., and that again with tho Dutch ono. Tho Queensland Government, therefore, may bo able to effect an arrangement by which they will bo independent of South Australia ; and the other Colonies may thus, next year, bo able to enjoy a double lino of telegraph between Australia and England. It is humiliating to find, even in privuto life, people meeking their individual ends by imposing on the credulity or ignorance of others, but when mon of exalted position, and occupying a prominent plnco in tho Councils of n nation, seek to attain a party object, orto carry out tho public business according to their own political views, by descending to employ so foul and dishonourable moans, there is something pain- fully degrading in tho exhibition thus presented of tho mun of honour being sunk in tho tricky and dis- honest politician. We had a few days ago to complain of tho disongenuousness, amounting to a positivo in- tention to deceivo, on the part of Mr. Francis.tho Trea- surer of Alctorûi, when, on tho strength of his local knowledge of Tasmania, he sought to lead tho Legislative Assembly of Victoria lo bcliovo that the forged labels of Moir's Abordeon Jams, which had foisted Richmond pumpkins on Melbourno stomachs, might cover the jams of a person of the name of Moir, who, ho said, resided in Hobart Town, Mr. Francis all the timo knowing that Mr. Moir had nothing to do with jam or jam-making. By tho Melbourno papers to hand, wo find Kir. Francis scruples nt no statement, however unfounded, pro- vided he can carry his two objects-injury to the trado of Tasmania, and an extension of his protection tariff in Victoria. In the Assembly on Wednesday, as reported in the Argus of tho following day, Mr. Frnncia said:-"Turning to another subject, he found that the hon. mombor for West Melbourno had rofcrrod to tho special virtues of Tasmanian jam, and complained of tho incrcaso in duty of from Id. to ljd. per lb., but ho forgot one material fact -viz., that tho Tasmanian exporters obtainod id. per lb. diawback on account of the BUgur, so that the Collingwood manufacturers had to competo with a colony that paid nothing for its sugar so far us jam was concerned. That was an important fact, and one reason why tho Government made tho duty on jam lid. was becauso the Tasmanian Government allowed a drawback of Jd. por lb. on jam for the sugar it contained." Wo may again rovert to Mr. Francis' policy in justifying an incrcaso on any Tnsmnnian manufacturo, by imposing a Victorian duty equal to any ndvanlugo given the local manufacturer by tho Tasmanian Go- vernment. We content ourselves in tho mean- time with giving a distinct denial to what Mr. Francis wished lo impross on tho Victorian Parlia- ment, viz., that the Tasmanian exporters of jam got a halfpenny per lb. drawback on account of tho sugar. The plain statement, and the inferonco that the Tasmanian jam manufacturer pays "nothing for sugar so far as jam is concerned," ara equally unlruo. The drawback is not a halfponny per lb. but £2 8s. per ton, or, aj nearly ns muy bo, J,d. per lb. ; the rato of |d. por lb. amounting to £2 Gs. 8d. per ton. This is undor Sec. 6 of 32 Victoria, No. 3 ; and as Mr. Francis had that Act by him, and has on sevoral ocensions referred to its contents, his statement quoted above, cun bo considered nothing elso than n wilful attempt to deceivo the Legislativo Assembly of Victoria. _ The English Mail, whinh will reuch this to-morrow morning, will bring us tho particulars of tho floating of the hist Tasmanian Government debentures, the bnro fact of which was announced by n tolographio despatch recoived by last mail. It will ho romem betcd that in 1807 un Act was pnesed authorising tho consolidation of tho Tasmanian debentures then afloat. Tho Govoramont debentures for tho Launceston mid Wcstorn Railway woro at the samo timo authorised, and to raise tho required sum of £300,000, and meet debentures fulling duo, nnissuo wns mudo of £101,700, which, on 28th April, 1808, wus taken up at £ 102 Os.ld. Last year, and also on 28th April, tenders for a further sum of £100,100 for the completion of the Launceston and Weslorn Ruilway woro re- ceived, nnd tho full amount taken up at £107 3s. 2d. This transaction was just complotcd in timo, On 1st July thereafter, Tasmanian debout urea wcro quoted nt £107 to £108. On tim 10th ofthat month, tho intelligence of tho declaration of war hotwoon Franco and Prussia havinii boon recoived, Tas- manian stock Toll to par, and ona holder sold £15,000 Tasmanian debentures in tho London Exchange at par. Sinco then they have beon gradually rising in value, and to meet tho debentures now fulling due, a further issue undor tho Consolidated Act became necessary. The Colonial Trensuror instructed tho Colonial agents accordingly, fixing tho nmount at £62,800 ; all of which wbb, ns tolegraphod by last mail, taken up at an avcrngo of £105 17s. Thcso i debentures, it may be remarked, do not bear intercut till 1st proximo. Tho last sala of Tasmanian dobon turos mado in tho Colony wns at £100 Ns. Tue Exoli6u Mail.-The li. M.S. Rangoon, as wo anticipated, reached Hobson'« Bay at an early hour on Tuesday morning with tho English maila, and the Tamar, with tim Tasmanian portion on board, stoamed from Hobson's Bay at ton minutes boforo nino o'olock yostorday morning. Sho will roach Launceston early this morning, but as tho bags for Hobart Town and tho south will bo for ton or twolvo hours in Launceston, tho dolivory will not tako place hero till Thursday morning-two days boforo timo. The Meluouune Our.-Wo ohsorvo that the ontrics for the noxt Mclbnurno Cup aro slxty-ono in numbor. Viotoria enters 38 horsos, and Nuw South Wales 22. South Australia somls Lupdog ; but Tas- mania and Now Koaland aro unropresonted. Thoro is some oxouBO for Now Zoalund, in tho distance, and the roughness of the voyage across, but that no re- presentativo of tho horso-stoulc of Tasmania is entered augurs ill for tho state of racing matters hore. Conoeut.-A concert in aid of the school onlnrgo mont fund is to come off noxt Tuesday, at St. John's 'School-room, Upper Ooulburo-street. The Etbiopiav Conceut.-The concert given last night in the Town Hall by the Hobart Town Amateur Christy Minstrels and Japanese Troupe, assisted by the Working Men's Club band, in aid of the sufferers by the late fire at Sandy Bay, was in all respects a success. Tho concert was under the patronag3 of the Mayor and Aldermen and the Manchester Unitj Order of Odd Fellows, and the hall was crowded by an uudienco numbering nearly a thousand indiv iduals, comprising a large proportion of the elite of Hobart Town and its immediate vicinity. Tho hall was decorated with banners of tho M.U.O.O.F., and the officers of the order rendered tho treasurer of the fund material assistance in tho discharge of the duties devolving upon him. The ontertainment commenced with a choice selection of music well rendered by the band, followed by an overture and opening chorus by the company. Several songs were then given, of which " Maudie Moro," "Annie of the Vale," "Write mo a Letter from Home," " Yellow Koso of Texas," and "Sunny Days," wero warmly encored. The songs "Annio of the Vale" and "Sunny Days" wero particularly well rendered, and "Jenny Lane" wub substituted in answer to the encore accorded the hitter. In the second part of the entertainment the singing und dancing were repeatedly applauded, as wero also the Japanese feats. The jokes were of the ordinary character, tho only ono having any particular local 1 application being " a hit" at the Waterworks Com mitteo and Alderman Moir The entertainment concluded with tho amusing nigger force, entitled The T/itee Smile) s In addition to tbe proceeds arising from the sale of tickets, which has not jet been asceitained, about £13 was taken at tho door T«P GitEoon\s -The programmo presonted on Monday night was repeated last evening The tricks of tho dogs and ponies, the singing of Miss Bessie, and the g j mnastic feats of the three brothers wero all successful performances Tho wonderful ascont on a globe up tho spiral pjramid bj Albert Gregory was also repeated, and tho daring act, re- quiring so much courage and caro, recen ed un- bounded applauao lho pantomime lost none of its popularity Tho troupe form a completo companv of pantomimists, nml their plajing in Old Mothei Widdle Waddle is reallj excellent Tho performance was as mirth-provoking as bofoie, and thoroughly amused the audience This first-class programme is to ho again presented to night Entfutainmpnt at the Queen s As\lum-This evening Madame Duret and tho members of tho Theatre Rojal companv give an entertainment of readings, reeitationB, singing, &c; , nt the Queen's Asj lum, Now Town 'lho programmo will include scenes from lucrcltn Jloigia by Madamo Durot, who will ulso recito the Maniac Tho company will givo readings from Wai lo Hie Knife, and several pieces of mueic The Bathing Association -The first ordinary general meeting of members is to bo held at tho lown Hall, this evening, for the purpose of olecting directors and other business The secretary to the Association notifies that according to tho Companios Act none but members whoha\ o pnid up all calls, ós Gd pershore, are eligible to voto ornctas directors Wcun derstand the bathing houses lnthedommn aie ina pro gressive state, and quickly advancing to completion under the supoivision of tho provisional direcforj, which appears to have done its work well, and tho members thereof will, lor the most pnrt, have a good chance of securing tho suflrngcs of tho shaie holders Still, ns this is the great opportumtv for tho latter to exercise thoirright and privilege of olecting their representatives on tho board, no doubt a successful eftort will be made to constitute such a directory of nino members as will give satisfaction bj their energetic and economical working of the Association lho meeting is advertised to commence at half past 7 o clock The Wamiehino Stuanoeh-Mr Nicholas,master of tho ¡shannon, roports that whon ho arrived at tho coil mines on his last trip, ho wbb somewhat sur- prised to find n visitor in his old friend, tho Co)Ion elk, that ho landed on blopen Island moro than a jen ago It would nppe ir that, no sooner had his lordship landed on Slopcn bench, nnd shaken off tho sea drops in the sun's oj o, than ho strode awnj with measured pice directly for the littlo settlement on tho other sido of tho north western tongue of Tas man's Peninsula As tho miners caine ont bliflr, wet, and mjstified, from the bovvelsofthoonrth, thej stared with moro than ordinal y astonishment at the long horned now comer, who stood hy in so kingliko an attitude, while ho survojed, with cuiious ojo and enquiring nostril, tho working of tho steam engine mid lutened to tho screaming of tho winding gin Ho was right rovnlly received, however, nnd having demanded his rations, Messrs Brown and Hmst, tho lessees of the mines, hav o ordered thom to he supplied vvhencvci his innjestj calls at the store As thor o aro thousands of Sir William Donison a fallow door on tho Península, this long lone monnich of lho ea't will find some hind of Asm tie com pan j at ni! events PaivIno Possession -Yesterday at noon, and while tho cabmen stood liuilj in tho sunshino about tho Sivingi Bank corner attention was suldonlj atlr icto 1 by a chu ping mid clmttei ing on tho highest lodge of lho steeplo of St David's church 31 inj au old man rested on his sliok and blinked upwards through his spectacles as ho turned tho anglo of " Devil s Walk,' for the familiar noto of tho spirrovv of his boy hood bad, after many j ears perhaps, fallon again upon his oar A merry familj of about a do/en little immigrants had tukon possession of, and wero chanting their le Dunn from, tho summit of tho old odihce, so long associated willi lho lustoiy of tho colony, and so soon, alas ' to bo rased to tho ground A Road Collision - Last evening, between 5 and 6 o'clock, as Mr G Eady was returning from Rich mond in his cart, drawn by his well-known grey mare, he pulled up at the Rainbow Inn, Swan's Hill, to re-light the lamps, and had just stepped into the house to get a light, when tho maro stinted oil at a hist pato down Lli/uhith street and, when near tho shop of AU Loi den, tho grocer, carno in collision with ono of Mead s cars, which was approaching in lho opposito direction Tho stop of the cart struck tho cornet of tho car, turning tho car completely round, nnd a capsize was the result The ono p ts scngor bj lho tar was thrown a consideradlo dntanco on the footpath and escaped injurj but the driver, a j oui h iiamod James Ashley, aged l8, was much bruissdund injured Ho was, without loss of timo, coiivcjod lo tho hospitul, whoro ho complained of great pan in his right side and log Dr Pnrnloj in- stituted a closo ONiiminution, but could not discover anj lracturo Ashloj was placed in Dr Bright s ward, whcio ho romains Meads car was much injured, tho wheel, a\lo, and shaft being brol on, but tho horso sustained littlo oi no dnma^o Tho prin- cipal dutnago done to tho cart is tho bending of tho «top, tho groy maro is cut a little, but lho injury is only ti riling A Cuni) Run Ov pii- Yesterday morning a child, tinco years old, was run ovoi bv n cart in Elizabeth Btreot, between Warwick and High strools, but to Vilioin tho cart belonged wo have at present bean unablo to ascertain Tho littlo 'child, whoso namo is Suiah Ann Grant, was takon by its mothar to tho General Hospital and examined bv Dr Turnlnv, who discovered n fiacturod rib Tho doctor did what was neccasarj, mid gave tho requisito instructions to the mother, who took tho child homo Dvnoeiious Oahehssnlsb-Mrs Hngon, on Mon- day afternoon, foil down a grating tn Lu oi pool street, which hid been curolosslj left open Serious bl irises and other injuries resulted from tho full, and Mrs Hngon is being attended by Dr Bright bemm SiiKKi -Anothor caso in which Mr Harrison, inspector under the ¡scab Act, piosccutcd a sheopovvner for bringing disousod shoop to tho Richmond marl ot, contrarj to tho provisions of tho öcnb Act, 1870, cniuo undoi tho nolico of lho Rich mond Bench v cstordaj A largo number of parsons assembled in tho bodj of the Court during tho heiinng of tho caso Tho defendant, one Geor^o Rilcv, pleaded guilty to tho information, and tho Warden and Mr Hodgson, JP, tho presiding magistrates, inflicted a pcnnltj of ono ponny por bend on tho 107 shoop, mid 9s Cd costs The Warden remarked that vory low penalties bud boon in II iel ed for such offences hitherto, hut as this did not act iib u cheek, incrcasod penalties would bo im- posed Ni» Nom otk-Not» ithstandmg tho pressuro of the timos, tho low puc^s of farm produco and flatness of tho hep iniirkots, this littlo township seems pushing ii head The completion of tho tologinph to and from Hobart Town »ill Boon form an uitorosting and onlivoning feature, nnd tho Hamilton authorities mo uUo making a move in tho same ducolion to procuro tologru¡ihio communication with then township It is also in contemplation to instituto a debuting club in connection with tho No» Norfolk public libiarj, which cannot fail to oiihnnco its htornrj standing Tup Bistioi s Lvri LicTuitr-lho 1 injin ance Nias, published in Melbourne, quotes in tho numhor for Juno tho grontpr pint of tho Bishop of lasmuiim's Into lccluio on "Intemperance nnd its Remedios," but expresaos »hat it thinks of tho ¡coluro m tho follow ing remarks -" With all its goncinl excellence, it seoms to us to pnitako of the common failing of such manifestoes, in that it lays down no dehnito, decided, nnd practical courso of action Still, wo doubt not that tho nddioss will do good, and rocall attention to the unsatisfactory mode of udministoiing , tho licensing system ' " Tin Nr» M vu Routp "-Tho loeturo bj tho Rov J Scott on this subject is to bo delivered at tho Mochantes' Instituto to morrow ovoniug, and not this evening ns inadvortontlv stated yestordaj Tup Philp oi Bin vu -In Btating jostorday tho riso in tho prico of broad, » o w oro not nwnro that Mr Arnold, ob that gentlomun informs us, was, and is no pm t\ to tho enhanced prices Polk p Uubim bs - iii lailoton did not ait nt the Pohoo Court j oatorda), having, on tho first f iiosdnj in the month, to altond tho Board of Commissioners of tho Hospital for tno Insano nt New Norfolk Cnptnin Crosbj, whoso namo was on tho íostor, «ns prosont at ton oclock, anil was )oincd shortly nftor waida by tho Mu) or l'lio business was unimportant Mr Cook is tho second magistritto foi to da) Cn ii biTTiNQs -His Heriot tho Chiof fustico will preside at the Cn ii Sittings to cominoiico nt 10 o clock this murnini? Thoro oro throo causes m tho list, nnireh, J/ilc/m I Al chu, Hallion ami Wife t Jla/ci, Shawm V l'ttrnui Biiiciciinns BoAiiii-rho monthly mooting of monibeis of tho Board ot Munngomont of tho Brick- fields Invalid DopOt takes placo at 3 30 this aftornoon, at tho board room, public buildings Stami Dim ov Bank Noifs-Tho now Stamp AU, » Inch taino into operation in Now South Wales on tho 1st instant, imposta a tax of one shilling oaoh on tho bunk notes of othor colonies Insufficiently Stamped -Tho following letter waa postod yesterday insufficiently «tamped .-B Uniacke, Eaq, Royal Hotel, Sydney, N. S. Waloi. I The Recent Railway Accident -We are autho- rised to state that the recent obstruction on the rail, way line by the supposed placing of a telegraph pole across the permanent way has been mast carefully enquired into by the Board of Directors The evi- dence is so conflicting respecting the probable source of the obstruction, and whether it had been by accident or design, that tho direotois have not aeon it their duty to offer a roward for the conviction of a supposed offender Steps have been taken by placing watchmen on the line and by issuing orders to work | men to prevent any attempt of the kind -Launceston Examiner, June 6th Mr Cotteuell's Emeiitainment atLavacestov -This gentleman gave another of his admirable en- tertainments in the Mechanics Instituto last evening, before a large and appreciative audience 'I he pro- gramme comprised several new pieces, such aa the Maori aong, the Twin Brothers, and Examina- tion of a Junior Class, and the whole were ren- dered with excollent spirit and wonderful resem blanco to life Mr Cotterell has marvellous control over the facial muscles, and the rapidity with which he passes lrom ono typo ot countenance and manner to its opposite ia really wonderful. Of course, hia representations of character are exaggerations, yet they are in tho main true to life. Ho holds the mirror up to nature and shows to what extremities of | absurdity and affectation men and women will go ; and, after all, perhapB ridicule is one of the best cures for human folly. Mr. Cotterell, ac- companied by his indefatigable agent, Mr. Smythe, proceeds to Hobart Town to-morrow morning. He will not play at any of tho townships on tho road down, but on his return he may possibly give an entertainment at Green Ponds, Oatlands, and Campbell Town, and perhaps one moro in Launceston, in which case he may reckon with pvrtnintv on beinc well received.-Ibid. A Warning -A lad named Seth Marley, residing on the Wellington road, was severely burnt the other day whilst playing with gunpowder He obtained possession of a quantity of powder, and whilst pre- paring a miniature blast, and standing near the hole in which he placed it, his little sister, who was holding the light, dropped it among the powder, which, of course, ignited, blowing off the tip of the boys nose, and severely burning his eyes. He is now out of any immediate danger, but disfigured for life -Ilwl M\6tbii M'GnATit -Who, asks a French piper, is this Mnster M Grath, who has recoived so much at- tention of late oven from Roj alty ? It l8 a boule dogue This conclusion is dehciously Trench, it betrajs that misty knowledge of field sports which has so often delighted ua, and that purely conventional view of foreign habits and customs which it seems no amount of intercourse with foreign rations can entirely eradicate from tho Trench mind We have made an unusual fuss about a fine dog, wa aro English, therefore that dog, according to im- memorial tradition, must bo a bull dog Such is tho lino of reasoning, a very harmless one if only applied in this instnnco, but it is extended to mattera of more importance, and is tho cause of a great defect in the French character The Trench, especially the Pari- sian?, boast of being thoroughly cosmopolitan-bo tho> ara in ono senso All nations of the eaith visit them and learn ot them how to brighten existence and render its burden loss heavy, but thoj do not roturn tho compliment When» er tho\ go they re- tain their own view of things, hence tho most intel- ligent perhaps on the face of tho earth are the slowest lo take in the changes which occur among their nenrest neighbours, and to acquiro a practical know- ledge of their moat ordinurj pursuits-Kentish Oiiei vi, Mardi 16th 