THE NATIONAL BANK FORGERIES. (FROM THE BALLARAT EVENING POST, JUNE 22.) Alexander Rose, alias George Leslie, was charged at the City Police Court to- day with having forged a draft for £200 on the National Bank of Australasia at Bun- inyong, on the 31st of May, 1871. John Cameron Lindsay, manager of the National Bank, Buninyong, deposed that he knew the prisoner. Saw him there about 10 o'clock on the 31st of May. Had never seen him before. Produced a draft from the Prahran bank payable to George Leslie. Witness identified the draft, envelope, and letter of advice which were now produced. Witness heard prisoner tell the accountant that he was going to a sale at Smythesdale. The draft was nego- tiated, and the prisoner went away with the money. Witness laid an information against the prisoner on Friday, 2nd June. George E. Tolhurst, manager of the National Bank at Prahran, deposed that the draft producod, purporting to bear his signature, had never been signed by him. It was not like his signature. He knew the prisoner, but could not identify his writing. The advice purporting to have been sent from his bank was a forgery. The advice bore the signature, "H. R. Englands;" that was a forgery. He knew the prisoner as a clerk at the National Bank, Emerald-hill. James Marshall Campbell, manager of the Emerald-hill branch of the National Bank, deposed that he know the prisoner, who had been accountant in the bank for two years. Pri- soner left the bank without permission about 10 o'clock a.m. on the 3rd May. He knew the prisoner's writing, and he believed that the draft, advice, &c.;, now produced, are in his (prisoner's) handwriting. James Percy, mounted- constable, stationed at Benalla, after hearing his previous depositions, and ad- mitting them to be correct, deposed that the prisoner had told him that he had burnt a draft-book, belonging to the National Bank, at a bush-fire near Runnymede. The prisoner was then committed to take his trial at the next sittings of the Ballarat Circuit Court, to be held on the 21st July next. The same prisonor was then charged with having uttered a forged bill of oxchango for £.00 on tbo National Bank of Australasia, at Learmonth, on the 3Íst May, 1871. Wil- liam Lee Alfred Ellston, manager of the National Bank at Learmonth, deposed that he li new tho prisoner, who called at his bank on Wednesday, 31st May, about 5 o'clock, or after bank hours. Prisoner asked if witness bad heard from Mr. Tolhurst, tho manager at Prahran. Witness replied that he had received an advico and a draft. Thoy purport to havo been sent from the Prahran Bank. Prisoner said that Mr. Tolhurst had pro- mised to give him a letter of introduction, but it was late whon ho left. Prisonor also said that Mr. Tolhurst authorised him to m'ako use of his name to witness. Tho draft produced is the one given to witness by pri- soner, Prisoner said ho wanted tho monoy that night, as ho wished to attend a cattle salo on tho 'following morning, and would therefore want to start at daybreak. Witness gave prisonor £100 in £l-notes, and £100 in fives. Prisonor wont away soon after, and subsequently witness laid an information against prisoner at Lear- month. G. ' E. Tolhurst sworo that tho draft and advice now produced, purport- ing to have been issuod from his bank, were forgeries. Witness novor authorised prisoner to make use of his name. There was no draft for £200 issuod from the Prahran bank to Learmonth on tho day mentionod in the draft produced. J. M. Campboll, recalled, swore that tho draft, advico, and letter produced wero in prisoner's handwriting. Tho prisonor was then committed to tako his trial upon the charge at tho noxt sittings of tho Ballarat Circuit Court. We {Pall Mall Gazelle) aro informed that a clerk in tho postal tolograph dopartmont, who caused a false despatch to bo sent to tbo Press Association as to tho result of the boat raco, iu,ordor to make "April fools" of tho nows papors, has beon susponded by Mr. Scudamoro, pending tho décision of tho Postmaster General respecting him. Volunteers and Regulars.-Regular riflo regiments have keenly felt the inconvenience of their outward resemblance to tho mombors ofi many volunteer corps, who naturally enough burn with desire to bo mistaken for tho Sixtioth or tho P. C. O.'s, and attire themselves in garmonts closely copied from the uniforms of thoso distinguished corps and tlioofficers and mon of thoso distinguished, corps thereupon endeavour to dress themselves in such a manner that thoy may bo recog- nised as not belonging to tho less distinguished volunteers. But it is in vain that they display Maltese crosses and other ornaments. An at- tempt is now being made by the regulars to dissociate themselves from the volunteers by adopting an entirely new style of headdress of the busby pattern. All await with anxiety tho effect to bo produced by this cap on the minds of a hypercritical public. If it bo ugly enough to scare away tho little vulgar boys, the regular rifles will enjoy the unmolested uso of it. If, on tho otbor hand, it is oharming to the sight, no ono can doubt but that the volunteers will incontinently adopt it.-Pall Mall Gazette. 