THE DESTRUCTIVE FIRES IN THE WESTERN STATES OF AUX MICA. j THE Californian papers reoeived yesterday bring us, with further details (of the torrible fire at Chicago, Illinois, news of another, and, as far as tho general description given in tho . telegraphio intelligence enables us to judge, a still more 1 destructive calamity whioh has occurred in the State of "Wisdonsin, adjoining that of Illinois. The origin bf tho fire ; at Chicago ia thus described in the Alta Cali- fornia :-' A miserable cow in a mean shanty, in aspasia of nervous excitement, lifts her leg as she ie being milked, kioka over a camphine lamp, and starts tho fire which, growing every moment, breaks into' an artful conflagra-, -tion ; developes into cathedral aisles of fierce flame, such as human eye never before beheld, and converts tho wonder of the world into a blackened mass of smoking ruins. A kick'of a cow has destroyed one of tho greatest monu- ments of human energy and human sagacity ever reared, in the brief spaoo of a few hours. A straw sticking aoress the throat of that fateful cow, or a clumsy pressure of tho udder as suivras being milked, brought down upon tho most enterprising city rn America a destruction so torriblo that thc narration of it will send n thrill of horror through humanity . for generations to come.' So trivial was the j causo of the tremendous conflagration in which, i it is said, mo e houses were destroyed than in í the great fire of London. j Tho other calamity has extended over a i Jorge extont of country, and consumed severa j small towns. It is, in fact, what we should 'call an immense bush-fire. A few days before j the news was received of the burning of ¡ Chicago, it was reported that the prairies were ! OQ firo for many miles. The country being ¡dried up for want of rain, tho fire spread irresistibly, especially along the west coast I of Lake Michigan, reaching from a spot uejr Chicago, which is at the southern extro - [ mtty of the lake, and over the borders of Wis . consin and Miohigau, did this fire extend, j Tho psoplo of Peshtigo heard the fearful roariug of thc flames in the woods, and in thirty minutes tho whole town was on fire. Our readers will have seen tho description of I some of tho scenes of distress which attended thu work of destruction. The Alta California of the 17th November says, that in Peshtigo 1500 lives were lost ; und from 700 to 800 bodies found. ' Men and woroon rushed with '.heir ohildreu in arms for a place of Bafety ; iut the storm of fire overtook them ; some were roasted alive ; somo suffocated ; and a few mado thoir escapo by roaching the river.' Th ousands who escaped from deat h were exposed to the utmost distress. ' Tbe most pitiable state of things exists all through the district visited by the fire, and hunger and starvation is staring tho wretched inhabitants in the face.' Turning from the gloomy pictures of death ind desolation presented in many quarters, it is a relief to observe the unprecedented vigour, rapidity, and extent of the movement for the restoration of tho ruined towns and the pre lorvation of tho sufferers. As early as the 16th 3otober, it was reported from Chioago There is wonderful activity in the South Division burnt district Thousands of mon ire at work clearing away the debris, reoovering safoä and putting up temporary buildings. Labouring men can dnd plenty to do at liberal wages. The notion )f the Insurance Companies in fettling losses hal inspired renewed confidence among busi- ness men.' The bear's of the men who were labouring in tho scenes of desolation to rop iii the ruin, wero cheered by tho response m aie in all the oities of Amerioa, in England, and 1 Germany, whore contributions were at once made to alleviate the distres?. In the mos) active centres of Commerce, such aa Man- chester in England, and Frankfort in Germany the work of humanity began, prompted by the rapid intelligence that daily minister; to the direction of mercantile transac- tions, A writer in ï-'an Francisoo. on tho 14th November, says, after referring to tho devastation in Chicago-'This terribh state of affairs was made known through th< agenoy of the telegraph to tho people of everj city, town, and village in the Union ; ant before the marob of tbe deva sting flames har. been checked, wo find money, food, anc olothing in immense quantities pouring inti Chioago for tho reliof of its inhabitants. Ever person in tho land responds to the call, p'e , thorio purse strings ore untied, bank vaults ar J thrown open, and private houses are ransaokei i for provisions and clothing.' Then appeal ing on behalf of the poor people o the many villages in " Wisconsin am Minnesota, he suggests that out of the million of dollars raised for Chicago somo should b sent to relievo the sufferers under that wide spread calamity. .. Four days later, they wore able to report far wider movowont for the samo humane pur pose :-_ It is gratifying to sea how tho whole world join hands to assist tho Buffering in cases of great mil fortune. During our civil war contributions to oi sanitary fund carno from all quarters of the globe and a similar universality waa shown in sanding fane to the German and French sanitary funds last yoa But those charities wore slow and comparativo! small as compared with thoao called'out by tl Chicago and Wisconsin conflagrations, which scarool ceased burning before meetings in a hundred citie extending nearly from end to end of Ohristendoi had provided for the immediate transmission of furn to próvido food, clothes, and shelter for the survivir victims of tho unparalleled calamities. Quebeo, Lo: don, Manchester, Liverpool and Paris all show thc sympathy. .In San Francisco, which is marked cosmopolitan in its population, we observe th nearly every class is represented in the subsoriptio \- Catholics, Protestants, Jews, Gormans, Frena Trish, Italians and less numerous nationalities, a: even the Chinamen contributed liborally. The losses) ara immense, but tho contributions t will bo groat ; and they will, we doubt not, be co sidered a wonder,' and servo aa a suggestion and model for similar occasions, in the future. Aa t facilities, of communication and the bonds of coi merco arc multiplied, and national prejudiced t ! weakened, manifestations of sympathy _ for sigi misfortunes will bo more common, until nt last shall expect international help on such occasion just an we exoeot a good man to help a neighho who has had a painful fall. A fire equally disi troua may not oocur again for centuries ; but flooc faminos, tornadoes, epidemica will come oft onough to remind us that our charity is alwa needed somowhere abroad, as well as at home. 