The Californiaa papers received yesterday bring us, with further details (of the terrible fire at Chicago, Illinois, news of another, and, as far as the general description given in the telegraphic intelligence enables us to judge, a still more destructive calamity which has occurred in the State of Wisconsin, adjoining i hat of Illinois. The origin of the fire at Chicago is thus described in the Alta Cali fornia : — ' A miserable oow in a mean shanty, in a spasm of nervous excitement, lifts her leg as she is being milked, kicks over a camphine lamp, acd starts the fire which, growing every moi: rnt, breaks into an awful conflagra tion ; deviijpes into cathedral aisles of fierce flame, sucli as human eye never before beheld, and converts the wonder of the world into a blackened mass of smoking ruins. A kick of a cow has destroyed one of the greatest monu ments of human energy and human sagacity ever reared, in the brief space of a few hours. A straw sticking across the throat of that fateful cow, or a clumsy pressure of the udder as she was being milked, brought down upon the most enterprising city in America a destruction so terrible that the narration of it will send a thrill of horror through hunanity tVr generations to come.' So trivial was the cause of the tremendous conflagration in which, it is said, more houses were destroyed than in the great fire of London. The other calamity has extended over a large extent f country, and consumed several sin all towns. It is, in fact, what we should call an immense bush- fire. A few days before the news was received of the burning of Chicago, it was reported that the prairies were on fire for many miles. The country being dried up for want of rain, the fire spread irresistibly, especially along the west coast of lake Michigan, reaching from a spot near Chioago, which is at the southern extre - mity of the lake, and over the borders of Wis - consin and Miohigan, did this fire extend. The people of Peshtigo heard the fearful roaring of the flames in the woods, and in thirty minutes the whole town was on fire. Our readers will have seen the description of some of the soenes of distress which attended I the work of destruction. The Alta California 1 nf thfl 17th Nnrnmliap iai-n that in Peahtifrn 1500 lives were lost; and from 700 to 800 j bodies found. ' Men and women rushed with their ohildren in arms for a place of safety ; but the storm of fire overtook them ; some i were roasted alive ; some suffocated ; and a few made their escape by reaching the river.' Thousands who escaped from death were exposed to the utmost distress. ' The most pitiable state of things exists all through, the district visited by the fire, and hunger and starvation is staring the wretohed inhabitants in the face.' Turning from the gloomy pictures of death and desolatioa presented in many quarters, it i is a relief to observe the unprecedented vigour, rapidity, and extent of the movement for the restoration of the ruined towns and the pre* bervation of the sufferers. As early as tbe 16th October, it was reported from Chicago — ' There is wonderful activity in the South l-i vision burnt district. Thousands of men are at work clearing away the debris, recovering safes and putting up temporary buildings. Labouring men ean fiud plenty to do at liberal wages The action or' the Insurance Companies in settling losses has inspired renewed confidence among busi ness men.' The hearts of the men who were labouring in tho scenes of desolation to repair the ruin, were cheered by the rrsponse made in all the oities of America, in England, and Germany, where contributions were at once | made to alleviate the distress. In the most active centrcs of Commerce, such as Man | chester in England, and Frankfort in Germany, the work of humanity began, prompted by the rapid intelligence that daily ministers to the direotion of mercantile transac tions. A writer in fan Francieoo, en the 14th November, says, after referring to the devastation in Chicago — ' This terrible state of affairs was made kBown through the | agenoy of the telegraph to the people of every I city, town, and village in the Union ; and | before the maroh of the devastimg flames had been chenked, we find money, food, and clothing in immense quantities pouring into i Chicago for the relief of its inhabitants. Every | person in (he land responds to the call, pe i ' horio purse strings aTe untied, bank vaults are 1 thrown open, and pi ivate houses are ransacked for provisions and clothing.' Then appeal ing on behalf of the poor people of the many villages in Wisconsin and Minnesota, he suggests that out of the millions of dollars raised for Chicago some should be sent to relieve the sufferers under that wide spread calamity. Four days later, they were able to report a far wider movement for the same humane pur pose : — It is gratifying to see how the whole world joins hands to assist the suffering in cases of great mis fortune. During our civil war contributions to our sanitary fund came from all quarters of the globe ; and a similar universality was shown in sending funds to the German and French sanitary funds last year. But these charities were slow and comparatively small as compared with those called out by the Chicago and Wisconsin conflagrations, whioh scarcely ceased burning before meetings in a hundred cities, extending nearly from end to end of Christendom, had provided for the immediate transmission of funds to provide food, clothes, and shelter for the surviving victims of the unparalleled calamities. Quebec, Lon don, Manchester, Liverpool and Paris all show their sympathy. In San Francisco, which is markedly cosmopolitan in its population, we observe that nearly every class is repreBonttd in the subscriptions — Catholics, Protestants, Jews, Germans, French, Irish, Italians and less numerous nationalities, and even the Chinamen contributed liberally. The losses J are immense, but the contributions too will he great ; and they will, we doubt not, he con sidered a wonder, and serve as a suggestion and a modal for similar ocoasions in the future. - As the facilities of communication and the bonds of com merce are multiplied, and national prejudices are weakened, manifestations of sympathy for signal miflfortunesjwill be more common, until at last we shall expect international help on such occasions, just as we expect a good man to help a neighbour who has had a painful fall. A fire equally disas trous may not occur again for centuries ; but floods, famines, tornadoes, epidemics will come often enough to remind us that our charity is always needed somewhere abroad, as well as at home. Minstrelst. — An entertainment was given at New town on Monday evening last by the N.S.W. Amateur Christy Minstrels, and was the most successful concert of any given at Newtown for some time past. The good singing and mirth-provoking jokes delighted and amused the audience, and we believe that should tbe company again appear at Newtown, they will receive the same Bupport. Sydnet Infirm abt. — Keport for the week ending 4th December, 1871 : — Admitted 27 males, 13 females ; total 40. Discharged 22 males, 13 females ; total, 35. Died, 2 males, 1 female ; total, 3. Remaining In house, 153 males, 75 females ; total, 228. Subscrip tion, &c.;, received, L23 3s. The number of new cases treated by the distriot surgeons, during the month of November, is as follows : — 136 men, 169 women, 70 children ; total, 375. Of these, 103 were visited at their homes. Confirmation.— On Sunday theBishop of Newcastle held a. confirmation service at St. John's Church, Lake Macquarie-road, when about 200 members of the churches of Christchurch aad St. John's were reci pients of the rite. The proceedings were almost impressive throughout. Chris tchuroh was closed in morning, and the large church of St. John's was crowded in every part. The lull Cathedral Service was chanted by the united choirs, in all numbering some forty voices, and was admirably rendered. After the confirmation, the Sacrament of the Holy Communion was administered to the new communicants, and the service concluded at about 4 p.m. — Newcastle Chronicle. Chimps and Seamen.— For some time past crimping seamen belonging to foreign- going ships has been greatly on the increase in this port, says the Newcastle Chronicle ; and as the crimps were not only breaking the law, but causing serious annoyance and inconvo nienoe to the masters of vessels as well as acting to the prejudice of the port, the police have been watching very closely the various seamen's boarding-houses, determined to secure a conviction, and if possible to suppress the illegal proceeedings of their keepers. Yes terday, in the Police-court, before the Police Magistrate, Roderick Young, convicted of the offence of harbouring seamen, was sentenced to pay a penalty of L20, or to undergo three months' imprisonment, with hard labour in Maitland gaol. The prisoner accepted the lacter alternative. A few more convictions of a similar cha racter will no doubt greatly assist in putting a stop to the malpractices of these boarding-house keepers, which tend to demoralize the seamen, and to give the port a bad name. The Lost Man. -The unfortunate man (Edwards), who was lost at Wingeoarribee on the 15th ultimo, has not yot|been found. The search was continued by the settlers and tlio police up to Sunday the 26th, but without the least avail. On that day the search was given up after having been vigorously prosecuted for ten or eleven days. The country for miles around has been carefully explored without discerning the slightest trace of the missing individual. Several circumstances in connection with this affair lead to the belief that Edwards' fate is worse even than being lost in the bush. It is said he could hardly be lost for any length of time in the locality where he was last seen, and it is known that he had with him food enough to sustain life for a week at least. These things, viewed in con nection with the fact that Edwards was dressed in the garb of a gentleman, that be wore a gold watch and chain, and had about his person nine or ten pounds in cash, suggest the idea that in his wanderings through the bush he fell a victim to the cupidity of some ruffian. — Illawarra Mercury. Thibd Lectube bt Mb TThitbstone— Mr. Peroy Whitestone delivered his third and concluding lecture last evening, in the School of Arts. The subject of this lecture was 'The revival of the Lord's work, in preparation for His second oomlng.' The chief part of the lecture was a narrative of the work which began in 1830, in different parts of Scotland and England ; united and believing prayer, followed by the gifts of the Holy Spirit, and the appointment of Twelve Apostles, now living and directing the movements of ' the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church.' In his consluding remarks the lecturer alleged that this restoration of the original and Divine order of the Chnroh, with the four fold ministry of. Apostles, prophets, pastors and evangelists, was a sign of the near approach of the seoond coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. He solemnly warned those who heard him to beware of the anti Christian tendency of modern thought, which is pre paring men, by infidelity and hero-worship, to bow down and serve the Man of Sin, the last Antichrist, when he arises. From the delusions of Antichrist, and the ' great tribulation ' of the last days, let them seek refuge in the hope of the glorious appearing of.Christ, and in the work He is sustaining in these days. The audience was larger than on the two previous occasions; and a lively interest was manifested in the lecture. Several questions were put to the lecturer, and answered by him. The Murder of Bishop Patteso*.— The follow ing. which we take from the S. A. Advertiser of the 25th, gives a few further particular* of the untimely end of Dr. Patteson : — The Bev. Canon Farr, of Adelaide, has received from the Bev. B. H. Codring ton, of Norfolk Island, an account of the melancholy death of the lamented Bishop Patteson. This informa tion confirms previous intelligence, butgoes into details, which possess a mournful interest. The account is as follows ' On the 20th of September, on the return voyage from the Solomon Islands, they reached the Beef Islands, about thirty miles from Santa Craz. It was known that there wss more need than before of caution, in consequence of a visit of one of the slaving vessels now so common in those seas, but the Bishop knew tbe language of the people, and had such friendly intercourse with them last year that he did not con ceive the dadger to be serious, except on the main island of Santa Cruz. Accordingly, though the canoes that came out did not, as naual, approach the vessel, the Bishop did not hesitate to follow them to the reef, where, his boat not being able to pass, he got into a canoe with two chiefs, went ashorei and was never again seen alive. The boat waited for him at the reef, and after three-quarters of an hour was suJdenly attacked, no doubt at the time that the Bishop was killed inland. The boat escaped to the vessel, but three out of the four in her were wounded, two of whom, the Bev. J. Atkin and Stephen Taroaniara, have since died. Mr. Atkin, though already wounded, returned from the vessel with the mate ana three sea men, and passing the reef— for the tide had risen — found no people visible, but floating in a canoe, they saw something rolled up a mat. This was the Bishop's body. As they took it into the boat a shout rose from the natives out of sight, but they were in no way molested, and no doubt the arrangement had been made with a view to their reooveiy of the body. Stuck into the mat was a branch of palm with five knots on it, most likely to signify the number of their own people whose loss they were avenging. The examination of the body showed wounds from arrows, but death was doubtless caused by blows from clubs, one aide of the head being beaten in. Such a death would be quick, however dreadful for us to think of. A smile was on his lips, and his eyes were closed as if in prayer. Mr. Atkin died a week after of tetanus, caused by » poisoned wound, which, though apparently slight, was no doubt aggravated by his return to the island. The day after Stephen, the hope of the Southern Solomon Islands, died, after terrible suffering from the same dreadful disease. He received, I think, sit arrows. The two otherB were Mota Christiana ; ene, alightly hurt, has recovered.' We understand that it is intended to place a window in the church oonneoted with St. Peter's College in memory of Bishop Patteson, Mrs. Geobqe Darbell's Benefit. — We draw the attention of our readers to the notice in another column, announcing that Mrs. George Barrel!, the well known and talented artiste, takes her benefit at the Victoria Theatre to-morrow evening. A large and good bill has been arranged, and it is hoped that the Sydney public will show their appreciation of the high real talent which this lady possesses. We may add that the performance is under the patronage of the Earl and Countess of Belmore. Entertainment. -The first anniversary entertain ment and tea meeting of the Perseverance Division No. 124, Sons of Temperance was given in the Temperance Hall, last evening, and was quite successful. The room was neatly deeorated with banners, he. Tho tea meeting was very well attended, and the tables were highly creditable to the ladies who provided them. The annual report showed that the division was in a most satisfsctory state, as much as L183 8s 7d being to its credit. The oonceit passed off very well, the singing of Miss Thebbets, Mrs. Bobertson, Mrs. King, and Miss Quill, and the recitations of Mr. J. P. Foster and Mr. Bollock having pleased the audience very|much. Mr. J. P. Waller ocoupied the chair. Mrs. Banks, with her customary ability, presided at the piano. Use of the Bible in Schools.— The S. A. Adver tiser of the 24th ultimo says We have ascertained that the signatures to the petitions prssented to the House of Assembly, praying for the non- exclusion of the Bible from Government schools.' amount in the aggregate to 19,988. Similar petitions, Bigned by 21,50f persons, have been presented to the Legislative Council. In addition to these, several other petitions referring to education have been presented, namely : — A petition from Lutherans against the exclusion of i religious education from schools, signed by 1970 persons ; a petition from Boman Catholics, asking for a share of the education grant to their schools, or the abolition of the grant altogether, leaving education to the voluntary principle, signed by 2524 persons ; and a petition signed by 13 gentlemen in a representative capacity, praying that education might be secular and ompulsory. Botai Victoria- Theatre.— On Monday evening Watts Phillips's drama of ' Fettered' was produced to a large house, and it was very successfully repeated last night. It is a play of more than the average merit to be found in pieoes of the sensational class ; and one of the situations is of the most emotional character. Mrs. Geoige Darrell played with her usual power and accuracy as Mrs. Florence Fortescue. Miss Patty Holt was pretty and impulsive as Lottie Warrener. and Miss Melville was a fair Lady Heron. Mr. George Darrell has seldon been Been to more advantage than as JaBper Blythe ; his conception of the part was really excellent, it being quiet, unexaggerated, and careful. Mr. W. Andrews had plenty of scope for the dis- I play of humour as Tom Tit, and be amply availed himself of his opportunities. Mr. W. G. Carey played affectively as Sir Gilbert Heron. The afterpiece was | * Exchange Wives' a (so-styled comedy by Mr. Harold Stephen, ywhich was first produced about a week ago and has since been repeated several times. The piece is in reality a farce of the very broadest description ; and it is quite up to the standard of BUch compositions. When cut down to its legitimate proportion, one act, it will be much more successful. The author, however, may be contratulated upon the pains taken by the com pany to render juBtiae both to him and to themselves. On Thursday (to-morrow) evening, Mis. George Darrell takes her benefit, and she deserves a good one. Discovert of the Elmore Tin Mines.— The Armidale Express of the 2nd instant gives the follow ing history of the discovery of the Elmore tin mines A man known as Joe the Shepherd, and remarkable for a passion whioh he displayed in collecting speoimens of stones, left the Boeky a few years ago to take employ ment as a shepherd, we believe, at Newstead. Some time subsequently he was in a store at Inverell, show ing heavy blaok pebbles, which no one thought of any value. A commercial traveller happening to come in, examined them, was struck by their weight, and after a little conversation with Joe, purchased them for 5s. Joe was satisfied, and the commercial traveller was only inquisitive. By-and-by a person from Sydney visited Inverell, and inquired fur old Joe. He was be lieved to be producible, nut his exact whereabouts could not be stated. A local hue and cry being got up Joe was made aware that he was wanted, and without unnecessary delay presented himself. He was ques tioned by the stranger from Sydney as to his having geld some black stones, as to how he obtained them, whether he could find many more of the same sort, and if bo, where? His answers to the former queries were quite satisfactory, but as to the latter one he was cautiously reticent. Some bargaining ensued, and in the end it was agreed that if Joe's representations were verified, upon an examination of the locality* he should receive a given income for life. Joe is now domioiled on the Elmore claim* and duly receives a stipulated inoome. His prospecting ardour, we under stand, is in no way diminished by the easy circum stances in which he is now placed. The Overland Telegraph. — Mr. Todd inform us that he has received telegram from Messrs. Babbageand Woods, who are at the Finniss Springs, reporting that the work of telegraph construction was progressing most favourably. A Mr. Jones, a hawker, had just come down from Section E, and reported that on tbe 28th August, Mr. Harvey was c&mped; on tbe Gibert, having poled seventy miles of the section, and wired seventeen miles. Drays with further supplies of wire and insulators were expeoted to reaoh him in a few days. The members of the party were all well, and had confident anticipations of being able to complete the line before the end of the year. Mr. Millner, who is J travelling across the oontinent with sheep was camped at I the Gilbert. He lost 1200 or 1500 sheep by a poison plant when passing the Davenport Bange. Heavy rains fell at Central Mount Stuart on 11th September. The I recent rains have been very general along the line, and the water-holes have been well filled. A fine rain is reported at the Strangways Springs. The Yellow Waterholeis full. On Bagot's section the wire was extended 9.J miles north of Mount Margaret, and would reach the l*eake on the 25th. This scction had also been wired southwards from section A towards the Peaks as far as the Alburga Creek on the 18 :b. Mr. Babbage will be able to communicate from the Strang ways Springs and Mount Margaret next week. Mr. Boucaut and the party of operators were forty miles north of the Peake on 17th November, and are now Srobably at the Charlotte waters.— S. A. Advertiser, Tovember 15. The same journal of tbe 28th says On Monday evening we received the following telegram from a correspondent likely to be informed on the subject : * There are important items of news from the Northern 'Territory rumoured here. A vailing vessel or steamer is to be despatched at once with 150 horses or 200 bullocks for the Boper.' Without know ing the faots of the case, we may state that our authority Is good, and therefore we presume there is truth in the rumonrs referred to. We have no doubt the Treasurer will, at the earliest possible moment, relieve the anxiety whioh cannot fail to be excited by this state ment, by putting the whole fasts before the publio. If anything has gone wrong, the sooner the worst is known the better it will be. Any attempted secresy will only make the matter worse, by exaggerating the real facta ; and it must be borne in mind that the pre sent Government cannot be held responsible for any mistakes that may have oocurred. A m* tcli wu played on Saturday, 2nd linstant, on the AUiance Ground, between the Surry C.O. and Waiatali C.G., which resulted in an easy victory for the former. Appended are the scores Waratah C.C. 79, Surry 0,0. US. 