Pastoral. Summer has now regularly set m upon all the pastoral country, and the genial 'warmth has at last penetrated even to the bleak mountain country of Monaro. Shear ing has been finished upon the western stations, and complaints are pretty general as to the average loss of fleece as compared with the clip cf last year. Beyond this there is no news. . Ihe grass is beginning to ilry up under the force of the sun, but feed is plentiful, and stock are in excellent condition. Disease is also last disappearing from amongst the sheep. The Hullo Dispatch of the 3rd instant has the following in its weekly stock report The weather since our last has been fine, and the continuance of the hot days is doing much to psrch up the feed. The country is beginning to look very dry, but withal there is no scarcity of grass and water. These are still plentiful, though it would be better for stock if wc had some rain to freshen up the feed. Cattle and sheep are looking remarkably well, and it is pleasant to haar from all sides that the foot-rot and worm diseises which played such havoc with the flocks iu the immediate neighbourhood of Dubbo are rapidly disappearing. In a few weeks, it is hoped that all signs of these very annoying scourges will have disappeared altogether. Shearing is over, and the clip is much lighter than it was last year. This is doubtless to be accounted for by the severe Eeason we have passed through— a season that did not allow sheep to get into condition. There is, we notice, a desire to sell wool in the grease, owing to the exceptional price it is bringing in Sydney and Melbourne. The demand for it by the American buyers has been great, and rates have been paid out of all proportion to previous quotations. Withal that, however, it is very questionable whether selling in the grease is the most profitable cour se for pastoralists to pursue, for the wool this year is remarkably free from dirt, and the weight of greasy and scoured and washed shows very littlo difference. We know from the acknowledgments of gentle men who have sold recently in Sydney and got their wool scoured, that the amount of dirt in the fleece this year is ! very little compared to that of previous years. The price which some of the local wool is fetching in the metropolis is very encouraging. A parcel of the double anchor fleece (Mr. Heane's, of Barbigal), brought recently as high as 19fd. It was scoured by Messrs. Atkinson and Dean, of oiasher's Flat. The country along the Talbragar looks very well. There is plenty of feed, but a little rain would not be inopportune. There is any quantity of bush fires burning at various parts of the Talbragar country, caused, as they invariably are, by the carelessness of travellers, who will not extinguish fires, notwithstanding whatever Acts of Parliament may say. Between Falconer's and Gnlgong the country is somewhat bare, but this is doubt less owing to the great traffic that has recently been carried on on that road. In its weekly stock report for the week ending November 3, the Wagga Wagga Express says : — The weather during the past week has been fine and dry, and shearing on the neighbouring stations hps been rapidly proceeded with, and is on very many of them now fast approaching com pletion. The grasB is growing very rapidly ; but, as the sun has not been very powerful, it still keep3 green, and as the grass seed is still far from ripe, it is probable that the whole of the shearing will have been concluded before any of it begins to fall. On the Merool there has been quite a flood in the crcek, filling all the dams, and giving an abundant and most welcome supply of water. The country jb magnificently grassed, and the prospects of the season are most encouraging. ' Well-sinking in this district is being energetically pushed forward, with the view of having in all seasons a plentiful supply of water. At Conapaira Mr. Brook has put one shaft down to a depth of 430 feet, and is still going through clay, in the hope of reaching at last an abundant supply of water. In Monaro 6ome heavy storms of rain and hail have been experienced, and the grass is now springing fast. Sheep on some stations are still suffering from fluke and foot-rot, but the health of the flocks generally is improving, and the prospects of the season are good. The lambing, taking it altogether, has been far below the average, and on Bome stations has been very bad indeed. In Northern Queensland Bome heavy storms have taken place, but the rainfall has been partial, and much more of it is still wanted to satisfy the requirements of pastoralists. From St. George we learn from our correspondent that the country is looking very bad for want of rain and owing to the dryness of the season some bushfires have occurred. At Carriwildi (Grover's) five miles of fencing have been burnt down. Most of the shcepowners are busy shearing, and after its conclusion several mobs of wethers will be dispatched for the Southern markets. In New England no change has taken place in tho weather, and rain is still required. The Forbes stock report for the last week is thus given by the Times : — We have had variable weather since our last. On Susday afternoon copious showera fell in different parts of the district, but there has been nothing like general rain, which is much wanted just now, if only to put out the bush fires which, we are sorry vo say, are prevalent all over the district. Shearing is over at most of the sheds, and the wool on its way to port. At Burrawdjag they have still nearly a month's work, but hope to be completed within that 'time. We notice that the grass-seed is making its appearance, and it is therefore lucky that our squatters were so well forward this year, for a repetition of the evils caused by seed lost shearing was not at all to bo desired. The river is very low now, almost croesable. Under the head of ' Profitable Sheep,' tho Braidwood Times has the following:— Mr. Macleod, storekeeper, hero, showed us a splendid fleece which he obtained from a lamb 14 months old, part of a flock of 1000 which he purchased a Ehort time since from Mr. Mort of Sydney. It weighed 10i lbs., and Bome of the wool was 11 inches long in the staple. The wool from these sheep last year brought as good a price in England as that of the late Mr. Joseph Taylor's merino sheep, which alwayB brought the highest market price. We believe these sheep are a cross between the merino and the Leicester, and the fact that tho wool with double the clip brings as high a price as the pure-bred merino, and that the carcase is double the weight, shows at once the direction in which our flock-owners should breed. We notice that some of the squatters in the WeBtern dis trict are crossing the merino and Leicester. The Dubbo Dispatch mentions that in Sydney last week a parcel of the celebrated A & D (Atkinson and Dean) Mudgee fleece wool topped the market at 26|d. per lb. This is the highest price obtained this season for ' fleece.' The wool is that cut from the well-known merino and Leicester cross which Messre. Atkinson and Dean have proved to be so profitable.* The Monaro Mercury of the 4th instant has the follow ing report upon pastoral matters in that district: — Lambing in this district is now pretty well over. The per centage is not equal to that of former lambing seasons ; but, on the whole, bearing in mind the inclement weather that was experienced at the commencement of the lambing, the average is very good. At Weolway, we hear that an aver age of 85 per cent, has been obtained from five flocks ; some of those flocks yielded 88 to over 90 per cent. The average at Dry Plain was somewhat smaller, Mr. Grahame estimating it at £0 per cent. Mr. T. Herbert, of Bolaira, near Seymour, informs us that the lambing is but middling on that run. Mr. Devereux, of Rock Flat, has had an average of 83 per cent. ; a neighbour of his got only 30 per cent. We are sorry to hear that Mr. W. Bourke, of Mittagong, has been singularly unfortunate, many of his sheep having succumbed to the worm disease a short time prior to the setting-in of the lambing. Here we might remark that it has been said that Messrs. Brooks, Brother?, of Gegeazeriek, have a room so constructed as to be nearly air-tight, in which they experiment on sheep that have the worm disease, by fumigating them with sulphur, in which remedy those gentlemen have great faith. On several stations shearing has commenced ; it is the intention of many flock-holders to ehear in the grease. A great number of shearers passed through Cooma during the week. 