THE WEEK'S NEWS. Death and Inqhest.—An inquest was held on Saturday, January 21, before Mr. E. Keynes, J.P., on the body of a German woman named Schaller, who -was reported to have died sud denly from the effects of being stung by a bee behind the ear. After considerable evidence had been taken, Dr. Ayliffe was called, And, after examining the body, stated that he could not tell the cause of death without holding fr post mortem examination, which was accordingly ordered. On the Jury reassembling, the evi dence given by the doctor was to the effect that the cause of death was softening of the brain, accelerated by a hot sultry morning on an empty stomach. The brain had been diseased for a period of five years. Stobhs in the North.—Our_ Angaston correspondent reports that harvesting in the district is not yet completed, owing to the very unfavourable weather. Two to three days a week has been the extent a fanner could reap, thunder, wind, and rain fillingup the remainder. On Friday, January 13, they had a violent gale, which unroofed three houses, to the terror of the occupants, who "added to the confusion and excitement by their screams. The roof of a large schoolroom at the Duekponds was taken off bodily, and deposited some yards on the other side of the Government-road. On Friday, the 20th, another storm passed over, flooding some parts, whilst others only had a few drops. Several had narrow escapes from the lightning, the ground being struck within 20 yards of them. Total Abstinence League.—The first meet ing of a series of between 30 and 40 arranged by the South Australian Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope Union for the pre sent quarter, was held on Thursday evening, January 26, In the Wesley an Lecture Hall, Norwood. The chair was taken by Mr. George Newman, and addresses delivered by Messrs. W. WatkinB, J. G. Olding, and G. W. Cole. At the close eight signatures were received to the electee. The River Trade.—We have been shown a letter written by a gentleman at Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, referring to the Riverina trade, from which we make the following extract" At present, owing to the lowness of the water, our river trade is entirely suspended. Most of it has hitherto gone to Melbourne; but by liberal treatment on, the part of your Government and merchants, I think that in time almost the whole of the trade of this part. of the country might be secured to Adelaide. I shall be happy to do all in my power to open the eyes of orir settlers and merchants to the advantages of dealing with your city. The experiment would have been tried last season, and our local wool would have been sent down to Goolwa instead of to Echuca for loading if your people had offered any induce ments to do so; but the high prices, compared with those of Melbourne, asked by your mer chants for their goods, and the restrictions upon the river trade imposed by your Government, stood in the way, and the wool was therefore sent to Echuca as usual. These disadvantages you must remove, aud the whole of the district will be at your command." Brutal Cruelty to a Child.—A case of shameful brutality is related by the Jamzeson Chronicle, which states that a little girl named Louisa Brown, aged about seven years, was found chained by the leg in the watercloset of her father's house, on the Gooley Creek-road, near Wood's. Point, Victoria. The child was brought before the Local Court as a neglected child, when Thomas Costigan said—I am a police-constable, stationed at Wood's Point. Was on duty on the 16th instant at Wood's Point. At about 5 o'clock p.m. the prisoner, Louisa Brown, charged with being a neglected child, was chained in an out- closet at Brown's house, on the road to Gooley's Creek. The . door of the closet was open. There was no fence around the house. The closet was not enclosed. 1 asked prisoner how long she had been on the chain. Prisoner said her father (Charles Brown) chained her on Sunday even ing, the 15th instant, at 7 o'clock p.m. There are no neighbours near the bouse of said Charles Brown. Prisoner said—" On the morn ing of the 16th instant I managed to slip my foot out of the chain, and get loose and away. My mother followed me and chained me up again." At about 11 p.m. of the 16th instant I returned with Mr. C. Gilfedder to Brown's. Mr. Gilfedder, in my hearing, asked Brown where the child was. Brown said, "I have her on the chain," but did not say where the child was. I then went across from the house to the closet. Prisoner was chained by the ankle on the left leg with a heavy dog-chain. The fastening at the ankle was the same as at present, as 1 could not get the padlock open. The chain is about five feet six inches long. The end of the chain was taken through the slabs of the closet aud fastened by an iron staple. Prisoner stated that she had had nothing to eat all day. The Bench granted a remand for three days to obtain evidence as to the state of health of the child, and a warrant was issue! to apprehend the mother and fatuer. Death through Drinking.—On Friday, January 20, an inquest at the Ship Inn, King ston, was held by Mr. James Cooke, J.P., and a Jury, concerning the death of a man named Thomas Thompson, when the following particu lars were deposed to:—Thomas Newson, a black smith, said that he saw the deceased between 9 and 10 o'clock the previous night at the Ship Tnn concert-room. He said he was going to bed, and as he crossed the room fell down. Witness picked him up. and put him to bed com fortably. He was quite sensible, and talked on several subjects. He was' breathing very heavily, and asked me for some lucifers to light his pipe during the night. At about a quarter past 10 was called, and found him lying in a corner of another room, with his head on his chest, and his nose bleeding. Stopped with him until he died. By the Jury—He was not drunk, but fell through weakness. He was a continual drinker, and always was since witness had known Mm, about six months. Giles Clark, barman at theShip Inn, deposed that about half-past 9 on Thursday night his attention, was drawn to a very loud snoring, on wMch he proceeded to the room where he supposed the sound came from, and found the deceased lying in a corner with his head on his chest and nose bleeding. Shook him and called him by name, hut he took no notice; he was quite insensible. Asked Police- trooper Montagu to go for the doctor, which he did. The doctor came and put leeehes on him, but he never moved after they put him into his own bed. Heard him say several „ times that he had wife and family at home in Glasgow. He was in his usual health during the day, but he was a constant drinker. When he thought he had had enough refused to give him more drink, hut he got others to get it for him. He had been drinking hard before he came to live at the Ship Inn, and had delirium tremens. George Montagu, police-trooper, stationed at Kingston, gave corroborative evidence. Dr. Britton stated that he found the deceased suffering from a fit of apoplexy, and tried the usual remedies, remaining with Mm until about 1 a.m., when he left giving instructions to Clark hew to act. Believed death was caused by apoplexy accelerated by long and exces sive drinking. The verdict was "That the deceased, Thomas Thompson, died through a fit of apoplexy caused by long and excessive drinking." JrOKT JMACUONNELL. —The first load or rnis season's wlieat for shipment at Port MacDonnell was received into. Captain French's stores on , Tuesday, the 23rd instant, on which occasion . (\he Border Watch correspondent says) there was a grand display of bunting floating in the breeze on the captain's premises. Station Property.—The Border Watch men tions that "The Kalangadoo Estate, which was offered for sale by auction, on Saturday, January 21, by Mr. Doughty, was bought in for £12,000. It was bid up to £10,000." A Torpedo Corps.—The Age of January 21 says: " Foremost among the colonial schemes of defences was the establishment of a Torpedo Corps, and this idea was so thoroughly entered into that no difficulty was experienced in obtain ing more than the necessary number of skilled operators. The corps now number 23, exclusive of officers, and this complement is found to be quite sufficient for all necessary purposes. At present the members are very actively engaged in the necessary military and scientific drill, meeting three nights a week for this purpose. The military drill consists ef instruction in the use of the rifle and the manoeuvres incident to a light infantry corps, whilst the scientific drill consists in lectures and practice in electric science. The members of the corps are fast approaching efficiency, owing to the interest shown by them in attending the different lectures and drills, and as sample torpedo cases are at in course of preparation, it is anticipated that within the ensuing few weeks they will be pre pared to lay them down in the appointed places . in the Bay, where they will be buoyed, ready . for the reception of the warlike instruments when requisite. In this work the Naval Brigade will be called upon to participate, and as certain boats will bave to be prepared for this particular item of service, it will necessarily be some few weeks before it can be carried nut. Several boats are, however, at present in course of con version, and being fitted with derricks necessary forthe lifting and removal of the torpedoes, which weigh from to 7 cwt. each. As soon as the necessary boats are prepared the Torpedo Corps will commence public operations, and their work will no doubt attract a considerable amount of attention among commissures in these matters." Acts op Pabuamknt..—We have received the 'bound volume of the .Acts of Parliament which. hate been passed ., during the session -just closed. The total humber of. measures is 27, and they cover a space of 132 pages. Since the intro duction of responsible Government in 1857 as many as 346 Bills have been assented to. and they occupy as much as 2,976 pages of typo ■jgraphy. Stjppeebsiok of Nuisances.—On Friday morning a very influential meeting, consisting of the Mayor of Adelaide /in the chair), the Mayor of Kensington and Norwood, Chairmen and Councillors from the suburban District Councils, and several other gentlemen, met at the City Council-Chamber to consider the best j means of suppressing nuisances in the city and suburbs. A Committee -was appointed to frame ; sanitary lawB and to steps to secure legis lation on the reassembling of Parliament, and the meeting pledged itself to take action for suppression of nuisances in the various districts. The Town Clerk of Adelaide (Mr. T. Worsnop) has kindly consented to act as Honorary Secre tory to tbe Committee. Damaged Wheat.—The Qawler Times, as well as other, country papers, repeats the warning which has been already given to farmers against allowing grain damaged by the^ rains to be nixed win the sound wheat. It is also recom mended, with a view to prevent the recurrence of similar damage, that those who have not got *iit>should apply a portion of the proceeds of the bountiful crop to procuring a tarpaulin or two. _ Fxbe Prevention.—The Kapunda Corpora tion are talking about obtaining a new fire engine, but object to devote any portion of the rates to the purpose. They consider that the ' Insurance Companies should subscribe liberally towards it. So perhaps they should, but they are not likely to ao the whole. GOLD MEMS.—The Gawler Times has the following:—" We are glad to be able to announce a discovery of gold in a new locality, 15 miles east of Mount Remarkable, and two miles to "the west of " Morris's look-out." Mr. Thomas Adams, who is well known in Gawler, is the discoverer. Having noticed the " keenly" look «f the country about that neighbourhood, he spent some little time in prospecting, and found quartz reefs having all the appearance of being auriferous, except that no gold was visible to the naked eye. He, however, brought down several pounds weight of the stone from the sur face of the reef, and on trial it was found to yield gold at the rate of between three and four pennyweights to the ton. This for surface specimens was considered so far encouraging that Mr. Adams secured four or five reef claims, and we believe lodged,, or intends lodging, an application for a reward. We understand Mr. Goddard, of the Government prospecting party, is to be sent up to assist in testing the ground, and from all we hear we think it is not unlikely an entirely new gold-field may be proclaimed shortly. The Stirling Reef, on the bank of the Onkaparinga, near Warland's, seems to be doing well, as the cradlings yield a good return of gold, and the proprietors talk of increasing the power of their battery of stamps. The German Reef also looks well; the captain (Mr. Baker) reports 27 ozs. of amalgam for the week's work." Gleaning.—A correspondent in a country paper suggests that good wages might be made by gleaning where the wheat has been blown down by the wind, so that a good many stalks are left on the field. The idea is worthy of attention where there are women or children who have time on hand. They would no doubt be able to accumulate a tidy sum in many places, which would be worth putting in the Savings Bank if not immediately required. Depasture of tee Hoe. H. B. T. Strang •WAYS.—On Friday evening, January 27, several friends of the Hon. H. B. T. Strangways met at the Land of Promise Inn, TTindmarsh, with a view of arranging for a complimentary dinner prior to his leaving the colony. Another meet ing having been advertised to take place at Hilton to-night, Messrs. W. Jones and T. Eardly were deputed to attend there for the purpose of securing the co-operation of the Hilton people, and the Hindmarah meeting was adjourned till Monday. The Gas Companies. — On Wednesday evening, January 25, a number of the principal Kapunda shareholders in the Provincial Gas Company held a meeting to consider various matters in connection with that Company. As the meeting was of a private nature, we refrain from publishing the proceedings, but we may mention that great fault was found with the bad management by which an amalgamation with the town Company was rendered desirable, inas much as the general consumption was about equal that originally estimated. Great surprise "* was also expressed that not only did the notice of the annual meeting not contain any reference to the amalgamation; but, further, that the shareholders themselves had not been commu nicated with as to the proposed terms of such amalgamation, so that they might be prepared to discuss the propriety of such amalgamation on its merits at the meeting on Tuesday next.— Kapnnda HeraM. Cruelty.—It will be seen by our police report that three'bus drivers have been fined for cruelty to animalB, the offence consisting of driving horses with sore shoulders. The offenders were all in the employ of Messrs. Cobb & Co., and Mr. Beddome stated that he inflicted a low fine in consideration of the fact that they were probably not consulted as to what animals they would drive. He intimated that he would not deal so leniently with the principals if they were brought before him on a «jlrmlnr charge. Scientific.—On Tuesday evening, January 24th, a meeting of the members of the Methodist New Connexion Literary, Philosophical, and Theological Society was held at the residence of the Bev. J. Maughan. The gathering was for -the purpose of reorganizing the old Association. There was a huge attendance. Mr. Maughan (assisted by the Bev. H. Fenton) exhibited a variety of scientific apparatus, purchased by him during a recent visit to England and France. The articles, arranged in three rooms, were ohiefiy mechanical and musical instruments, Which the rev. gentleman took the greatest pains to explain inapracticaland entertaining manner. The various objects of-interest were too numerous to he described fully, but the most notable were a deboscope, polyscope, eidescope, gyroscope, microscope, ana zeotope. . Among others was a beautiful instrument^ showing the phenomena of singing .and sensitive flames, the melodious sounds produced by heated air issuing from glass tubes of different lengths being greatly admired. The optical changes produced by a number of mirrors of spherical, cylindrical, and -other forms caused some amusement and interest. The new and important discoveries connected with the physiological and chemical peculiarities of food were interesting, as were also a number of diagrams and illustrations of the late dis coveries in the philosophy of light, and the phenomena of spectrum analysis. Mr. Maughan .announced his intention of giving a course of lectures _ on the various departments of -science in their new aspect, and the entertainment concluded at a late hour with some novel and very beautiful dissolving views, -exlfibited under the able management of the Bev. H. 'Fenton. Ample refreshments were .provided under the care of Mr. fimifo, and a well-merited -vote of thanks to Mir. Maughan and those assisting closed a most successful and -instructive entertainment. Mr. Maughan ap pears-tohave exhibited his usual taste and judg tmentin the selection of the apparatus designed for the'benefit of his future audiences, and well •deserves their most hearty co-operation. Entertainment. — On Thursday evening, .January-.26, an entertainment—the first given by -the Flinders-street Young Men's Soeiety— -took: place it the schoolroom behind the church. The ;Rev. James LyaH.presided, -and there was a -full attendance. Anumber of songs, duets, and •otherimusical selections-were sung or performed %y Messrs. G. 33. Sketheway, A. Xang, Powell, Matthew, and Mrs. Adamson, and readings or recitations by Mr. Hendry, W. S. and J. Moir, tF. H. Carter, Ayling, .and the President, who igave with much -feeling a reading from Uncle Tom's Cabin. An interval took place, in which refreshments were dispensed, and some ■time spent in inspection of a number .articles of interest. Mr. X). Adam son had Ins large astronomical telescope: iftsed m> in the yard, and much pleasure was afforded in viewing the heavenly bodies. In doors jhe exhibited various astronomical and other instruments. Amongst other objects were some rich specimens of gold, shown by Mr. D. Mureay, from the German Eeef, Blum iberg. A very pleasant -evening was spent, and | the company separated after .passing votes of thanks jib those who had -contributed to the entertasoment. St. Michael's Choir. — On Wednesday a picnic for the little vocalists eon statu ting the ohoir of gt. Michael's Church, Miteham, was j organised by the Rev. Henry Read, the in cumbent. The juvenileB with some of the con gregation were conveyed to Brighton, and 1 displayed their efficiency by singing several hymns. By their success fid performance of them, both in time and in tune, great credit was reflected on the amateur organist, who has de voted much attention to them. Prizes of books were distributed, and a contribution by some of the members of the Church, in the shape of fresh- gathered fruit and comestibles, was highly appreciated. The joyful little band were con veyed back to Miteham, cheering their re spected pastor and their choir master. Tenders fob Government Bonds. — The, tenders for £20,000 worth of 5 per cent bonds {and not £40,000 as misprinted), were opened on Friday morning, January 27, at the Treasury Office. There were three tenders—the Mer cantile Marine Insurance Company, who ten dered for £10,000 at par, principal and interest payable in London, redeemable on the 1st January, of 1889, or 1st July, 1889; the Savings Bank, who tendered for £20,000, at £97 lis. per cent, payable in Adelaide, redeemable one half on the 1st of January, 1889, and the other half on the 1st July, 1889; and Mr. E. W. Andrews, who tendered for £1,000, at £100 13s. 6d. per cent, payable in Adelaide^ redeemable 1st July, 1889. The Commissioner ot Crown Lands, who acted for the Treasurer, declared that the whole amount had not been tendered for at or above the minimum, which was 98 per cent The allot ment then took place as follows:—The tender of E. W. Andrews was accepted for £1,000, re deemable 1st July, 1889; and the tender, of the Mercantile Marine Insurance Company was accepted for £10,000, £9,000 redeemable 1st July, 1889, and £1,000, redeemable 1st July, 1889\. There was no acceptance for the remaining £9,000. Gold Mining on the Murray Feats.—The application of Messrs. Smith and Copeland for a preliminary search of the country known as the Mnrray Flats has been accepted, and there is now no obstacle to operations being commenced at once. Tenders for Freight to Northern Terri tory.—The tender of Joseph Lukey, of Mel bourne, for the conveyance of supplies to the Northern Territory, has been accepted; the vessel being the Manae Elizabeth, 292 tons. The Northern Territory.—We have been favoured with the following extract from the report of Mr. G. G. MacLachlan, who in July last proceeded from Fort Point for the purpose of examining the country between Mount Daly and Billiatis Springs, to ascertain if a practicable line for a telegraph could be obtained through that country:—" We arrived at our destination on the 21st August, having travelled 350 miles in 27 days. From the appearance of the country 1 think the best line will be found to the south of our outward track. £ therefore decided to return more to the southward, and pick out a line as I proceeded homeward. At camp No. 25 homeward, Mr. Wells discovered a tree marked J. M. D. S. I examined it, and it was undoubtedly marked by Stuart's party. On examining the ground near it we found several pieces of straps and the place where a camp fire had been. About two miles south-east from Camp 27 homeward, under' a peaked hill which I ascended, 1 found there was any quantity of what appeared to be silver lead ore—a specimen of which I forward here with. AtCampNo.26 homeward freshhorse tracks were noticed, and there is not the slightest doubt from tracks seen the next morning that a strange unshod horse had been among ours during the night. Stflart in his journal speaks of having left a horse in this locality. At Kek wick's Springs a very easy ascent of the table land was obtained, so much so as to be only perceptible. A very easy descent was also foun the table, and a horse or bullock dray can be takfen up with the greatest ease. I may here mention that John Mason washed out a snail tin dish of dirt and obtained two or three specks of gold; the stuff was obtained from a creek two and a half miles S.E. of Camp No. 29 home ward. From table land to Adelaide Biver we found good country for a line of telegraph; in fact, the whole line, as shown on tracing, is a very good line for a telegraph, having generally very easy gradients, good travelling ground, and timber suitable for telegraph poles; also permanent water along the line, never more fVinn 20 or 25 miles apart. On arriving at Camp No. 39 homeward, No. 3 outward, having seen fresh horse tracks on my outward journey, I sent Deane and Mason to try and get the horses, which they succeeded in doing on the second day after camping, after a gallop of 10 miles, which knocked up one of my horses. They managed to yard three mares, viz., a fine light grey mare, about 16J hands bigHj branded CW on the off rump; a dark bay, 14£ hands, apparently unbranded; also, a bright bay, about 15§ hands, branded H on the near shoulder. From here 1 made for Fear son's Bar, Adelaide River, but being unable to cross there had to follow the river up to the junction of the east and south branch before 1 could get a crossing. From thence 1 went to Manton Gap, and thence via the Elizabeth to Fort Point, where 1 arrived on the 25th September, at 4 p.m. 1 may here state that 1 consider the country generally over which I passed some of the finest grazing country that I ever saw, suitable in every way for large stock. After leaving the Adelaide Biver, the grasses are of a much finer description than those found in this locality, and very plentiful. I never travelled over such a permanently well-watered country." The following specimens accompanied the report:—A speck of gold, supposed silver-lead, green carbonate, and cliff of table-land. The Escape from the Melbourne Gaol.— The following are the particulars, from the Argus, of the escape and subsequent capture of three prisoners in the Melbourne Gaol:—"jAt half-past 1 o'clock on Sunday afternoon a number of prisoners were taking exercise in the yards in the panoptican, a warder keeping watch from the tower in the centre of the radiating yards. The first intimation the warder got of any attempt being made to escape was seeing a prisoner named Sullivan, who is at present awaiting his trial for bush ranging, pass between the iron bar on the outside of the yard and the dividing wall, the space, strange to say, being suffi ciently large to permit a man to pass with some pressure. The attempt to escape was evidently pre-arranged, as Lee, Sullivan's mate, and a man named Baker, who is awaiting trial for burglary, got out of the yards they were in at the same time, and, it is supposed, in the same manner as Sullivan. The three ran to the porch entering the new wing of the gaol, shut and bolted the door behind them, and fastened the door leading into the corridor. The warder seeing the prisoners escape from the different yards at once gave the ahum, and the turnkeys in the corridor bnrst open the door tied by the prisoners. Sullivan and Baker had succeeded in getting to the top of the wall of the porch, which 1b fully 21ft. high. As the turnkeys rushed into the porch, Lee, who was about 9ft. from the floor, fell down, bringing with himapiece of rope made from strips of twisted blanket. He was at once secured and lodged in one of the neighbouring cells. In the meantime Sullivan smashed open the skylight in the roof of the porch, and, followed by Baker, ran along the top of the wall, from the top of which they dropped on to a fowl-house in -the enclosure at the corner of Victoria- street. Baker attempted to gat over the fence opposite the Waikato Hotel, but was beaten back by a turnkey. Sullivan got over where the iron fence joins the gaol wall at the continuation of Rusaell-street. Unluckily for him, however, Constable Flan nery, who was in plain clothes, was just going to the Russell- street -Barracks, and hearing the alarm, ran across just as Sullivan got over, and at once arrested him. Baker jumped over at the corner of the enclosure in Victoria-street, and ran up Lygon-street, closely pursued by Constable McCormack, who happened to be near. Baker caught bold of the back of a buggy that _ was passing, but had to go and run his best. The constable came up to him, and in making a grasp at his collar he missed his footing, and fell with_ considerable force, severely injuring nis nanas and knees. He soon got up and resumed the chase, and eventually secured the prisoner in a closet in a right-of-way off Lygon-streefc. The most extraordinary thing about the whole affair is the rapidity with which the men managed to scalethe wall on the inside of the porch leading to the panoptican. It is fully 21 feet high, and there is not the least pro jection to assist any one in climbing to the top. The rope found in the possession of the prisoners is said not to be sufficiently strong to support a man's weight. It seems very strange that there should be sufficient space between the bars on the outside of the exercising yards to permit a man to pass through, and that the gaol autho rities were not aware of the fact. Luckily, the alarm was so promptly given that five minutes after the_ attempt was made the prisoners were ftiack again in the gaoL" On the following day •the three prisoners were tried, and, as an 7 nounced by telegram,_ were sentenced to six months' imprisonment in irons. The Marriage Law.—The death of Lord Avonmore raises _ a curious and perplexing question in the interpretation of our marriage laws. His successor in the title and estates is IMajor Yelverton, the hero of the Yelverton Irtngwerth romance. The peerage is an Irish one and by the verdict of an Irish Court of Law Theresa Longworth is the wife of Major Yekrerton. She is now, therefore, Lady Avommore, and as the wife of an Irish peer is entitled to her jointee. How is this difficulty to be settled? On this side of St. George's Channel the widow of Professor Forbes is Lord Avonmore*s wifej & irofciQd- Miss Longvorfili is friis wi£e? £uxd Ills jBingfawTi t(tnd Scotch, wife hss neither title nor 'status. .It is a perplexing position for the gentleman t But what is his jpofifion in comiXu"is011 with that of the ladies? Wife and no wife? husband and no husband. h Shark Captured.—A large shark, it is stated, was caught off the Wallaroo Jetty on 1 Wednesday last. , Post Abelaidb Watebwobks Assessment. —On Thursday a deputation, consisting of Messrs. J. Formby (Mayor of Port Adelaide), E. H. Butler, and J. Grosse, waited on the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, and requested that he would levy the waterworks rate for the Port on the Municipal assessment for 1871, and not on that of 1870, which was higher. The Commissioner said it bad been the custom to adopt the assessment made by the Port Corporation on the agreement to pay a certain amount for copies, and last year an offer was received from the Town Clerk to supply them on the same terms, which was accepted by the Accountant of Waterworks en condition that they were supplied before the middle', of November. They were sot forwarded at nearly the close of December, and the Town Clerk, on being telegraphed to, replied that they were not ready. . Under these circumstances, the Govern ment fell back, as empowered by Act, on the rate for 1870, en which they proposed to collect the rates for the present half-year, bnt if copies of the municipal assessment of 1871 were forwarded in time the rate for the next half-year would be collected in accordance with that. The Mayor said the reason of the delay in the assessment being made was owing to the efforts of the Coiporation to get the North-parade included in them boundary, but when they found it was getting too late, they used every effort to get the assessment made as early as possible. It would be a great boon to the Port if the Government would levy the rate on the assess ment for this year. The Commissioner said he had taken legal opinion, and he did not think he could alter this matter, as the Act provided that the rate should be payable in advance on 1st January and 1st July, according to the scale-which was in force at the time. If he should substitute another assessment he believed they should not he able to enforce it. The Mayor did not think anyone would call that in question. A few assessments had been raised, and only 40 or 60 had been lowered. Mr. W. H. Squires, the . Accountant of Waterworks, who was present, remarked that he had been told that it was only a reduction of £40 or £50, but that might affect the Waterworks to a much greater extent, according to whether it was on buildings or vacant lands. The Mayor said the bulk of the reduction- was on vacant land, which did not affect the waterworks rate. The Commissioner repeated his statement, and said it was somewhat of a hardship, inasmuch as the course taken shut out the power of appeal. Mr. Grosse having. mentioned that a former Com missioner of Public Works (Mr. Colton) had promised to reduce the waterworks rate at the Port to that of Adelaide, Mr. Squires said he believed such a promise was made, the rate at the Port being 2s. 6d., and at Adelaide 2s. The Commissioner promised to consider the matter, and the interview terminated. South Australian .benefit society.—me Annual District Meeting was held at St. Francis Xavier's Wall on January 24. Present—District Chairman, John Stapleton; D.V. Chairman, M. Walsh; D. Secretary, J. Kemp Penney; and the following Delegates:—Adelaide, P. Martin and J. J. Cronin; Kapunda, E. Canny; Clare, P. Magaghran; Gawler, P. Racy; Mar rabel, E. Lynch; Virginia, M. Neagle; Mmtaro, 6\. Murphy. The Auditors having read the balance-sheet and report, also Trustees' report, it was resolved that the same be received and adopted, and a vote of thanks be recorded to the Auditors and Trustees. Messrs. J. J. Cronin and P. Martin were elected Auditors for the next year. The ballot papers having been examined by the scrutineers, the following were declared elected District Officers:—Chairman, M. L. O'Dea; Vice-Chairman, Patrick Magag hran; Secretary, J. Kemp Penny (re-elected). The salary of the District Secretary was fixed at £15 per annum, and the Treasurer £5. Resolved, that the honorary members be per mitted to take their position as delegates at District Committees and vote on all questions. Resolved, that the recommendation of the District Officers be adopted:—"That for funerals a black scarf, silk or otherwise, with white cross on breast, be worn, and for all other purposes a green rosette with white centre branches. Members requiring the same to procure them at their own expense." Resolved^ that the District procure^ a book for registration of Past Branch Chairmen, and obtain certificates to present to Past Chairmen in recognition of their services. It was decided that £3 be granted to a widow and family of a late member of the Kapuncta Branch, mid that for the future Branches requiring gifts in cases of distress should send notice to the Secretary one month previous to the District meeting. The District Officers were empowered to get a fireproof safe for the custody of the District books, &c.; A cordial vote of thanks was passed to the District Officers. Mb. Cotteeell's Entertainment.—Mr. Cot terell is rapidly growing in public favourfor each night witnesses an increasing attendance at White's Rooms. On Thursday evening there was a good audience, the reserved seats, in par ticular, being very well occupied, and the entertainment went Off with great zest. It is difficult, by mere words, to convey an adequate conception of the nature and character of the programme which Mr. Cotterell submits to his patrons. It should be seen even more than once 'to be thoroughly understood and appre ciated, and this is evidently the opinion of many persons whom we have seen at the Rooms two or three times^ successively. Mr. Cotterell is, as a polyphonist, wonderfully clever and versatile. All his impersonations are complete studies, and no one can witness them without deriving a great deal of hearty enjoyment and wholesome mental relaxation. He was in fine humour on Thursday night, and his audience seemed to catch the infection, for there was no cessation to their mirth and merriment from the beginning to the end of the enter tainment. The mesmeric stance, in which the performer, with marvellous celerity and success, represents five different characters, including a prizefighter, an invalid, and a. Frenchman, was greatly appreciated; but as Professor Fidget, who demonstrates that two and two make four, but that in the ages to come they may not do so, he caused still greater amusement, for his illustrations were provok ingly absurd, and extorted peals of laughter. The first part of the programme closed with a fashionable concert, in which Mr. Cotterell appears successively as a tenor and bass ringer, and then performs a grand fantasia on the Baseline d la Paganini. ■ The last-mentioned performance was so irresistibly comic' that an encore was demanded, and a song, " I shmokes mem pipe," substituted. In the second part Mr. Cotterell was equally successful in all his appearances. His inimitable make-ups, the variety of facial' expression that he assumes to illustrates his characters, and his laughter-compelling observations, kept the house in a perpetual state of jovial exhilara tion. We are assured that Mr. Cotterell appears only two more nights in Adelaide, he having arranged to perform at Wallaroo next week, so that unless people avail themselves of the two remaining opportunities they will miss seeing an entertainment that has been very, highly eulogized wherever it has been given. A "grand fashionable night" is announced fair Friday. Australian Emigrants in California.— The following letter, addressed to the Editor, appears in the Argus. It is signed "A Sydney Duck," and dated Mission-street, San Francisco, December 6:—"Sir—By giving publicity to the following you would be doing a good turn for parties intending to come to San Francisco. Some months ago I was unfortunately tempted to come here; the following will say what success I met with in this free country. I landed on a Thursday, so it took the rest of the week to look around. Nothing particular' struck me until Sunday, when 1 was astonished jto see newspaper offices, theatres, gaining and drinking saloons doing a brisk trade, dice and cards to be seen everywhere— nothing, in fact, to denote the Sabbath but the larger stores and wholesale houses closed; shoemakers, tailors, barbers, vendors of all sorts plying their trade as on other days. 1 sought employment, but in most cases coming from the colonies was an objec tion 1 could not get over, as there is a decided objection to Sydney dacks, as it pleases them to term us. My next intention was to try the country, but meeting some ducks which gave it a trial, was advised by them not to venture, as you have to work 14 or 15 hours daily, and sleep in a stable or haystack, and on Sundays you get two meals as you don't work. 1 have since proved the above. Being a miner, my next thought was the mines (now comes a sample of freedom). After due enquiries, I found that I could not hold a claim without being a citizen, as I was liable to be jumped at any moment. On further enquiries I found to get my papers, become an American citizen, I'd have to swear allegiance to the United States Government against all others, England in particular; that 1 could not do, so put mining aside. In the face of this you hear daily blowing of the freedom of this Govern ment compared with the English Government. I acknowledge more freedom in this respect:— If a man feels inclined to shoot a fellow-being with whom he has a tiff, he can do so with safety provided he has a few hundred of what are correctly termed almighty dollars. After one or two trials he is free again. The above is not a rare occurrence by any means. I take the liberty of sending the Mxaadiwr—jyou will see a case in it. We have had a shooting or knifing case every day since in the streets with one ex ception. I trust you will give this space, and also that the Sydney and New Zealand papers will copy it, that it may save same from com paring California with the colonies." Death fbom the Excessive Heat.—About 9.30 a.m. on Monday Mis. Mary Hawke, aged 85 years, was found on the Burra-road, about a mile north of Kapunda^ by Mr. Benbam, solicitor, who on firet eeemg her was under the impression that she must be: suffering from the oppressive heat. He therefore "dismounted with the view of rendering some assistance, but found that she wes dead. On arriving in Kapunda he immediately gave information to the police, who Station, we believe that the deceased had a -son at Kadina and another on the Bremer. An inquest was held at the Court-House, Kapunda, on Monday afternoon by Mr. W. Oldham, J.P. W. H. Benham deposed—Left my residence, Allen's Creek, at 9.30 &.m.; when I reached the foot of Duell's Hill on the Burra ' road observed a woman lying close to the fence of the south-east corner of Mir. Duell's section, exposed to the oppressive heat of the 1 sun. As I did not perceive- her move, dis mounted. She was pulseless,: and feeling no action of the heart I concluded that life was extinct. She was lying on her^eide, with her face downward on the right arm. The left arm outwards towards the gutter.. In her left hand she had some kind of rose or briar berries. Her hands were cold hut not staff.: Her clothes had no appearance of being disturbed. Did not see the face, as I did not disturb the position of the body. Bode on and informed Dr. Blood, also gave information to the police. The body just seen in the police cell I recognize as the same. There' were no marks on -the ground of straggling, nor have I any reason to suspect violence had taken place. JDr. Blood, qualified medical practitioner, stated that1 on being in formed he at once rode off, and found the deceased in the position described by Mr. Benham. Found life extinct Noticed '-that her lips and hands were bluish. Have again examined the body, but cannot see marks of violence, nor do I suspect foul play. The berries (produced) are off a wild-rose bush, and not poisonous. My supposition of the cause of death is that, she sat down through fatigue to rest, and rolled over into the position in which she was found in consequence of an attack of apoplexy, produced by exposure to the sun's oppressive heat. Cannot definitely state the cause of death without a post mortem, examination, though that is unnecessary. The blueness .of the lips and hands I attribute to the stoppage of circulation. Jane Martin, wife of Thomas Martin,said deceased was the mother of my husband's first wife. She left our house, near the Morning Star Inn, about a quarter before 9, and was going to the inn to fetch some eggs. Did not see her again, but expected her every moment until I received word of her death. She seldom went out except to the town. She was quite well this morning, and took breakfast as usual. The. place where deceased was found was a good bit ont of the way from where she was going. About five years ago she had a fit of some kind. Was treated by Dr. Brack, and got all right. 'She has lately strayed out of her way on several occasions, the last time about five weeks ago. Thomas Martin corroborated; also deposed that deceased had resided with him for two years and three months. She possessed no property. One son, Wm. Hawke, resided at Kadina, and another was farming on the Bremer. Saw no reason to suppose that death had resulted from anything but natural causes. The Jury, after a short consideration, returned a verdict of "death from natural causes, supposed to be apoplexy, induced by exposure to the heat of the weather." The Climate at Guichen jjat.—Tne weather is an inexhaustible theme with cor respondents, and their fine climate and fine bay are certainly favourite topics with Robe folks. On Thursday, while Adelaide thermometers were standing at 97°, the residents of Robe were enjoying the more comfortable heat of 68". This is rather an uncommon difference, say 29°, 16° to 22° are more like the usual run. " People here," writes our local representative, "are fancying it very warm now, say 84° in the room in which I am writing; but in Adelaide it is probably at least 20 more, and we can look forward to a cool night without' those amusing little cusses who sing as they tofi,' whose com bined action and harmonious strains are so effective in less favoured spots." Ah Old Acquaintance.—The steamer Havilah, once well known in the Adelaide and Melbourne trade, has been chartered by the French Go vernment to convey the mail between New Caledonia and Sydney. Storm and Lightning in the Rhine Dis tricts.—On Friday, 20th, a heavy storm broke over the North Rhine, extending as far as Angaston, and the downfall of hail and rain was : such as is seldom seen in either summer or winter in this colony. At Evandale the lightning was terrifying, setting fire to the grass on Mrs. Henry Evans's property in several places behind her house and near the stackyard; and not withstanding the endeavours of several persons, who were on the spot almost immediately, the fire was communicated to the strawstaek, which probably was also struck by lightning about Hie same moment, and was very soon entirely consumed. The haystacks, stables, and sheds, from their close proximity to the fire, were in imminent danger for some time, but providentially a favourable wind prevailed whilst the fire was raging, and that with a heavy fall of rain saved the property from further destruction. Mrs. Evans's two four horse teams were engaged in reaping when the storm commenced, and the lightning, attracted by the ironwork of the machines and playing about the chains, frightened the horses, and they became unmanageable, bolting with the reaping - machines. Of course, through the suddenness of the gale many men were exposed and minor losses occurred; but all concerned express grateful astonishment that human life was not lost in consequence of the lightning. As the storm passed over Messrs. Radfords' farm, the lightning struck trees, splitting a tall dead one, which was set on fire in. a moment. The . tree stood in the centre of unreaped wheat, and had the occurrence not been observed by one of the brothers, who- at once took precautionary measures, the great probability is that they would have lost 500 acres of grain. These re peated accidents suggest that iron ploughs, wire, hay-knives, and everything likely to attract lightning should be removed from stacks. Bishop Surer-—A meeting of laymen was held at St. Francis XavieFs Hall oil Tuesday evening, January 24, to arrange for the reception of the RomanCatholic Bishop of Adelaide^ who left Melbourne in the Rangatira on the previous day. Dr. Gunson occupied the chair, and read the draft of an address which it is proposed to present. A Committee, consisting of Mr. E. J. Peake, S.M.J Dr. Gunson, Dr. Butler, Messrs. W. W. Hewitt, and Mr. C. J. Fox was appointed to prepare the address, and take the necessary steps for enabling it to be signed prior to pre sentation. On the steamer being sighted the Cathedral bell will be rung, and the members, Committee, with any others who like to accom pany them, will proceed to the Port to welcome theBishop at the wharf. The clergy who are in or near town will also meet him there, and a separate address has been prepared and signed by them. . Fibeb on Farms,—On Friday, January jsu, a fire occurred in a grass paddock belonging to Mr. Price, at Deal Court. It was seen to spring up very suddenly, and spread with, great rapidity through the long dry grass. Fortunately by dint of great exertion it was arrested with.nttle further damage than the loss of the feed. It is supposed to have been caused by the lightning. On the nextday.afire wasobservedjust after a train had-passed, on Mr. Short's farm. In a very, short time it' spread over several acres of wheat, along a considerable length of fence, and upthrough the long grass,' until it was feared that the dwelling-house, stacks, and all would be burnt, a calamity which by dint of great effort was prevented. Recovery from Snakebite.—In the South East Mrs. John McEachern, of Heathfield, felt a scratch or puncture while she was picking up bark. . The Watch reports that "she supposed a piece of bark caused the mark, and feeling it rather painful placed it in cold water. Her hand and arm, -however, soon became stiff, and it was discovered that she had been bitten by a snake. The arm was immediately bandaged, and Mr. McEachern scarified the wound and sucked it. Brandy was also administered, and a doctor sent for. He did not arrive, however, till next morning, when Mrs. McEachern was ont of danger. She felt worse at sundown, but revived after a good dose of brandy." Lost in the Bush.—In reference to the case of the man Neillson, particulars of which ap peared in last Saturdays Register, the Wallaroo Times says:—" The police returned to Wallaroo from the search for the man Neillson. They were unable to find any trace of the man, as we intimated we feared would be the case. No doubt, long ere this, he was dead. We under stand that the party searching for him numbered from eight to twelve." The National Bank.—Mr. Harrington left on Wednesday for Melbourne, e» route for England; where he will resume the management of the London Branch of the National Bank. As already stated, Mr. Wilkinson will act as Manager for the Branch here until permanent arrangements are made, which will not be the case until a full meeting of the Board of Directors can be obtained. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deatha registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 21st January, were:—Births—Stales, 23; females, 11\. Deaths—Males, 21; females, 8. Total Births, 34} deaths, £9, Excess of births, 5 J Severs Bleeding.—The Bvnyip reports' that Mr. Hiskey, butcher, of Templars, on Thursday killed a beast, and was cutting a hole through the noBe, holding the knife . with the blade pointed towards his arm. In cutting1 towards himself it slipped and entered deeply into the left foreamij narrowly minting his body. It inflicted a frightful cut, severing an artery, and the principal veins, from which-the blood flowed in a stream. Bis neighbours vainly endeavoured to stop the bleeding, bound several handker chiefs twisted rope-like round the arm, .over which they applied layers of tow and flour, alias tight as possible, but the blood still oozed. Then they .placed him in a cart, and took him to Gawler to Dr. Popham, the assistance of Dr. Lewis having also been called in. The hemorr hage was soon arrested, and several sutures having been applied, the arm was bandaged, bnt for fear of secondary hemorrhage, which, however, did not occur, be was detained at Dr. Popbam's till next morning. He is now doing well, though some time must elapse before he can use the arm. Missing Bodies.—There now seems little doubt that the body found on December SO was that of Ward, and the remains discovered by Point Maeleay aboriginals on January 11 those of Inglis, these being the two young men who were recently drowned by the upsetting of a boat on Lake Albert. A correspondent of the Southern Argus mentions thq£ several acquaintances who accompanied Police- trooper Dann from Mflang when he went to arrange for burial felt satisfied as to one body being that of Inglis, although identification was impossible. It is pleating to note that the natives had carefully guarded the body from bring touched during the 36 hours it was in their charge. The Point Maeleay writer remarks that Ward'B mother " recognises the strap found on the i wrist as belonging to him, and those who saw the body, when shown two photographs, one of the man that is supposed to be drowned near Hindmarsh Island and one of Ward, on being asked which of the two they thought the body resembled, immediately said that in the general contour of the face and head it very much re sembled Ward's photograph. This morning (18th instant), Police-Trooper Dann came over in the Tarn O'Shanter to exhume the body of Ward. The deceased's sister and mother came with him. They have no donbt about it being his body, consequently they have taken it away, and I understand are going to have it Conveyed to Langhorne's Creek, where the deceased's mother resides, and inter it on her own property." Farewell Dinner.—Mr. W. M. Shaw, who has recently resigned his position as manager of the Heat Preserving Works at Alberton, it being his intention to visit the old country, was entertained by the employes at a complimen tary dinner which was largely attended. It was provided at the British Standard Hotel, Alberton, on Friday, January 20; the hostess, Mrs. Porter, catering admirably. Incendiarism.—The Bunyip reports that Mr. Attiwell, of near Hamley Bridge, while reaping hiscrop was shocked on finding in the very heart of it a glass bottle filled with silk grass (a very ignitable native product), the neck of the bottle being charged with lucifer matches, placed most mischievously heads and points, in the evident expectation that the concentration of the son's rays, or the breaking of the bottle, would ignite the matches. The alarm naturally excited by an artifice so demoniacal, and which, had it taken effect in such a localitv. would have destroyed thousands of acres of human food, had scarcely subsided when an " old torn" bottle of white glass, charged in precisely the same manner, was found a few days after in reaping another large paddock of wheat at some distance from the former one, but belonging to the same proprietor. The horror occasioned by this second discovery, in which all the neighbouring farmers shared, may easily be imagined. The case is the more remarkable, as the settler referred to is a man unconscious of having given offence to anyone, or of having an enemy in the world. Bush Fibes.—The understands that a bushfire occurred on Wednesday in one of Mr. E. C. Hughes's paddocks near Welling ton, and was not extinguished until a conside rable quantity of feed, trees, and fencing had been destroyed. Stow Congregational Church.—The Rev. J. C. MacMichael, who has just arrived from Victoria, preached two sermons in the Stow Church on Sunday, January 22. In the morning he took for his text the words, " All things shall work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to His purpose," &c.; and in the evening from the words, "For as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so shall the Son of Man be lifted up." The rev. gentleman's style is essen tially argumentative. He speaks extempore, and has a good command of language; albeit his delivery is for the most part slow and mea sured. He did notsucceed very well in adapting his voice to the building, but as it is understood that he will continue to officiate for some time, this is a defect which is not likely to occur again. He was listened to with close attention on both occasions, although the discourse in the evening was more than usually long, and the weather more than usually warm. The Rev. C. Manthorpe.—We are glad to learn that Mr. Manthorpe, though not out of the doctor's care, has so far recovered as to be able to be up for a short time during the day. It will still, however, be some time before he can have regained strength sufficient to resume bib duties. Melancholy Death.—A sad story comes from Port Augusta. A young man named Walter Ragge was taken into that township on Saturday afternoon, January 21, from Willochra Run, suffering severely from a compound com minuted fracture of the left arm and a wound in the right foot. He was delirious at the time, and mortification had set in. He never rallied, but died on Sunday morning. On the same day Mr. T. Burgoyne, J.P., summoned a Jury, of which Mr. H. B. Hart was chosen Foreman, to enquire into the circumstances, but the enquiry was adjourned till a future day, as no one was present who saw the accident. The deceased was 26 years of age. Snakes.—The Oawler Times writes that two or three days ago, as some lads were at the rocky haan, with intent to refresh themselves with a bath, they were alarmed by alarge snake. A person %as close at hand. Trith ja.gun, which he discharged at the reptile with fatal effect. We are informed the snake measured over six feetin length. On another recent occasion, as a young gentleman was enjoying a swim in the North Para, some companions on the bank were horrified at seeing a large snake apparently swimming a race with the boy, and which it won easily, swimming rapidly past and within a, very short distance of the lad. Bio Bone.—The Watch tells that the Mount Gambler Institute Museum has just been_ pre sented .by Mr.. J. Coffey, of Melbourne, with a thigh bone of the extinct New Zealand moa. It measures 2 ft. 5 in. In length. Fire at North Adelaide.—At about 3 on Saturday morning' a fire broke out In a row of bedrooms at the back of the British Tavern, Finniss-street, North Adelaide. The alarm was quickly given, and by the strenuous exertions of Mr. J. F. Conigrave, Mr. J. C. Phillips, and other neighbours, the conflagration was quickly subdued. The rooms were fortunately detached from the main building, or the result would doubtless have been far more serious. As it was, two of the apartments were completely gutted, and the roof of the whole row was destroyed. The buildings are insured in the Australian Alliance Company for £700, and the .furniture and sundries for £300. Mr. J. T. Turnbull, on behalf of the Company, visited the scene of the occurrence, but as the damages were trifling, and as there was no suspicion of incendiarism, he deemed an inquest unne cessary. . Drained Lands.—The Watch remarks:— " We understand His Excellency and the members of the Ministry who visited the drainage works were highly pleased with the re sults they witnessed, and will go back to Ade laide deeply impressed with the importance of carrying them out fully and speedily." Milling and Shipping at Wallaroo.—The local paper understands that 70 tons of flour were ground at Mr. Kimber's steam mill, Kadina, last week, and then the Manager was unable to execute all the orders that came to hand. Both at it and at Mr. Mahon's mill, Wallaroo, large quantities of wheat are daily on offer. After referring to the fact of the Kohinoor being chartered to load cereals, and the facilities of the port for great dispatch, the Times alleges that the wheat that used to go to Port Wakefield, then be lightered into small crafts, and then sent to Port Adelaide, finds a better market at Port Wallaroo; and then says: —"There are now two full-rigged ships lying at the port, both of which are open to charter, and as they have their dead weight in the shape of copper ore, as loading them wheat can be executed with cheapness and dispatch, they are not unlikely to be engaged. But a serious blow is shuck at this trade by the obstinate stupidity of a few members of the Legislature, who, being other ways interested, will not allow Port Wallaroo to be connected with the interior lest trade should^ flow to it. Had there been a rail way connecting the Peninsula with the interior this year, it is evident enormous shipments of breadstuff's would have been made from Wallaroo." The War Steamer Blanche.—-It will be seen from our telegraphic column that H.M.S. Blanche is expected to be at Robe on Saturday or Sunday next, when probably the officers will visit His Excellency. Boad Boabd Elections. — He following gentlemen have been elected by the District Councils throughout the colony as members of the Central Road Board for the-year com mencing 1st February, 1871: — Messrs. A. Hallett, J.P„ T. Playford, M.P., H. Warren, J.P., andF. Hannafoid. He Board trill not be completed until two members have been nomi nated by the Government. The voting for the first six on the list was as fobowB:—Messrs. Hallett, 44; Playford, 32; Warren, 30; Hanna ford, 17; H. E. Bright, M.P., 15; and B. S. Kelly, J.P., 13. The other names were—The Bon. H. Mildred, M.L.C., Messrs. J. Cheriton, M.P., C. Mann, M.P., E. Ward, M.P., J. P. D. Laurie, M.P., W. Paltridge, M.P., P. B. Coglin, M.P., J. G. Ramsay, M.P., G. McEwin, C. Von Bertouch, W. Everard, H. T. Morris, R. Smith, Thompson Priest, J. White, J. Sparshott, and L. Hewitt . Several of the District Councils did not vote, and the nominations of two or three wereinformal, while one, not within the jurisdiction of the Board, sent in a nomination, which was, of course, not received. Kadina and Wallaeoo Gbajn Mabket.— He local Press states that huge quantities of wheat have come in to both the Kadina and the Wallaroo steam mills from Green's Plains. At Kadina Mr. Kimber has already a very large quantity stored, and the amount is bring daily increased. It is computed that thecrqpson the Plains will this year average nearly 15 bushels per acre, some yielding more, ana others, of course, less. His unusual supply has had the effect of causing the assimilation this year of Peninsula breadstuff prices to those in other portions of the colony. Galb and hailstobm at Mount Barker. ■—People who have been quietly roasted in Ade laide and northward for several days might find it difficult to entertain the idea of snow. On the afternoon, however,. of Friday, Mount Barker had a veritable hailstorm. About 5 p.m. thunder was accompanied by a high wind and a fall of large hailstones, some of them measuring between three and four inches in circumference. Fortunately they did not fall very thickly, or the fruit-trees would have suffered. As it is, a few panes of glass broken is about the extent of the damage done. He wind blew over a wagon loaded with barley belonging to Mr. F. Cleggett, sen. He loaded vehicle was coming along the road from the Bald Hills, when three of the shafts were twisted off, the ride of the wagon was broken in, and one horse was thrown down, but escaped without serious injury. He weather at Mount Barker has been very unseasonably cold and wet, so that machines have till within the last few days been unable to work, and many heaps of wheat cut by hand have been standing out for weeks, thus sustaining con siderable injury. A Suspicious Affair.—The Southern Argus writes:—" In our last issue we extracted from the Register a paragraph relating to the death of a man named John Lines (or Lyons), who was drowned from the steamer Jolly Miller, on 19th December, whilst the vessel was staying at Fort Bourke. We have since heard some further particulars which tend to cast considerable doubt upon the fairness and accidental cause of his death. He facts as related to us are as follows:— ' On the evening in question the de ceased, who bears the character of being a steady and inoffensive man, went ashore and got amongst a lot of rowdy characters With whom he seems to have had some words. He steward, -who remained on board, retired to bis bunk, and presently heard some one come on board, and on calling out recognised tke voice of deceased, who was apparently sober, and went straight to Ms berth. The steward fihon fell asleep, and after some time was awoke by hearing a splash in the water. He immediately turned out, and finding deceased missing raised an alarm, ana shortly afterwards the rowdy mob came rushing down to the steamer. The steward, , who was considerably alarmed, locked himself in the cabin, and Mr. Becker, jun., son of one of the Magistrates, fired a revolver as a signal to the police, upon hearing which the mob decamped, and it is positively stated by ah eye-witness that" three men were then teen issuing from below, one of them armed with what appeared to be a revolver, and another a tomahawk. A boat was immediately despatched in search of the de ceased, and while they were looking for him Ms body suddenly appeared close by them in an erect position and half out of the water with its arms extended. It was at once taken into the boat and presented a most horrible appearance. One eye was apparently gouged out, and there were marks of a heavy blow on the side of the head, besides other severe injuries. The verdict of the jury was almost an open one—death by drowning;—but the whole affair is involved in mystery; and the friends of the deceased, some of whom we believe reside at Rapid Bay, will not rest satisfied until a thorough investigation of all the circumstances has been made. We believe the matter rests in the hands of Sergeant Cleary, who possesses a well-earned reputation for shrewdness and energy, and we trust he will leave no stone unturned to discover the actors in any foul play if such has been perpetrated." Reahnq-Machini? Combs. — The Northern Argus reports:—"The farmers in the neigh bourhood of Watervale and Mintaro are taking advantage of the fine weather, and reaping is progressing rapidly. Owing to the damage done to many of the crops by the late unpro pitious weather, the farmers have gone to an additional expense by adjusting a false comb to their machines, which elevates the straw suffi ciently high for the original comb to catch the ear. The idea seems to work very well, and is the means of Baving a large quantity of grain. Travelling Stock.—We are informed that two flocks of sheep, of 3,000 wethers and-ewes each, from Toorale Station, in prime condition,' have passed Wilcannia on the way to Adelaide. There are also on the road about 300 cattle, mixed stores, from Bowens Downs, in charge of Mr. McAllister, bound for Lower Darling. A mob of cattle changed owners at Wilcannia on January 19. Mr. Harris, on behalf of the proprietors of Mount Murchison Station, bought 1,070 head, which were delivered over to Mm by Mr. Birkett, on behalf of W. Sloans & Company, of Melbourne. Ryan's mob of 325 fat cattle have -passed down for the Adelaide market. New Wheat.—Mr. Wilson, of the Com . lercial Skills, Mount. (xamMer^ sfotes that jthe. new grain theremakes a bngirt, clearp^and strong flonr, and adds—" If we_ succeed in getting our wheat in th?R year without much wet it cannot fail to give satisfaction." Explanation.—Mr. Wm. Frauds, of Hindley street, wishes us to state that he is not the Wm. Francis who was charged at the Police Court on Friday week with assaulting Mary Ann Francis. The Rivers.—The Princess Royal, in charge of Captain King, arrived at Wilcannia on January the 6th with general cargo, and the Express on the 9th at midnight. _ The Went worth, craning down the rivar, arrived on the 10th instant, in charge of Captain Gillon, and left the same day for Goolwa. The cargo con sisted of 950 bales wool, two tons copper ore, &c.; She had on board a large number of passengers—Mrs. Campbell and two children, Messrs. E. S. Bonney (Momba Station), Payne, Giles, Weatherly, Healy, Boyce, Edwards, and six others. The Endeavour arrived at Wilcannia on the 10th from Wentworth. Ihe Providence arrived on the^ 18th with 290 bales of wool. Passed the Princess Royal at Toorale on the 11th instant. The Goolwa was to leave on the 11th instant. The water at Bourke was falling on the 19th, the last mail which arrived at Wilcannia reporting it 16 feet lower. The Telegraph, Johnson, master, arrived on 12th from Upper Darling, with between 500 and 600 bales of wooL At Wilcannia the water is about stationary. It has receded 12 feet at Blanchetown, and is failing at the rate of two Inches a day. A correspondent says:—"The inner banks are again visible in several places, showing in some parts large quantities of trees that have been washed down, in others great holes, and here and there human skeletons that have been washed from their resting-places. A party of three men has been engaged to recover the wool that was thrown off the steamer Ariel whilst on fire, but they have only suc ceeded in getting two bales, there being so much water on the_ flats." A letter received by a mercantile firm in Adelaide from Wilcannia January 12 says:—" Water very low at Bourke. All the upper rivers are falling." A communi cation from Netley, dated January 8, to the same firm says:—" The river is still high, and is slightly rising. We have showery weather, keeping the summer cool and everything fresh." Port Adelaide Institute.—A meeting of the subscribers and friends of the Port Ade laide Institute was held on _ Friday evening, January 20, at the new reading- rooms, lately the Telegraph Office, to take into consideration the desirableness of altering the annual pay ment of £1 to 12s. There was a large at tendance of the general public^ but great diffi culty was experienced in getting a quorum of subscribers necessitated by the rules of the Institute to alter any of the laws; but after waiting for some time, a quorum was made up. Mr. Lindsay, ironfo under, having been elected Chairman, he called upon the Secretary, who made a lucid statement why they were called together, when it was resolved that the annual subscription should be reduced from £1 to 12s. After much_ desultory conversation, a depu tation, consisting of Messrs. Grosse, Lavin, Smith, Quin, M.P., Bailey, Butler, and J. Rann, were appointed to meet the present Committee to devise the best means of makingthc Institute more generally useful and efficient, VISITS of Was V^SELS.—We havereceiverf information from His Excellency fee Governor, through the Private Secretary, that he has received a despatch from the Secretajy.of State, +I»of. ffiA Tdmls of £hfi Arlnitwut'V h&V9; directed the Commodore to send a ship of w£r occasionally to Port Adelaide. * f Aquatics.—We understand that a scullers match for £20 and the championship has been arranged between Messrs. Blakey and Walker, andthefirst deposit (£5) has been mate wife Mr. Bucknall. The distance to be polled will be'three miles. Until fee lat©_ regatta Blakey had been the recognised champion, but oh feat occasion was beaten by Walker. A wiimMng match for the championship has also been pro jected by Messrs. Marston and Hunt, fee.former representing the crew of fee White Eagle, and fee latter feat of the Collingrove. A deposit has been paid by each party, and- the final arrangements will be . made at fee dub- House on Saturday next. We hear alM_ that a challenge has been given by Messrs. ifiddleton. end Stone to row against any other amateur pair. Gaming.—At the Police Court on Wednesday, January 25, James Brown, a hawkery was charged' with unlawfully using a certain instrument for gaming at the EastJSnd Market on fee 14th of January. The apparatus, which was produced' in Court, was similar to what are almost alwras seen at the shows and public picnics. Mr. Beddome, despite the plea of the defendant thdt every venturer received his money's worth, -had no dcuht the law had been infringed, but at the request of Inspector Bee allowed the information to_ be withdrawn, observing that be did not think fee defendant was any worse than those who. practised similarly at Art Unions and bazalars for Churches and Missionary Societies. Mr. Bee .. said the chief object in the case was to tryih©' law, and it is therefore to be presumed, having ascertained his power under it, the provision o£ the Police Act will in future be enforced. The words of the Act describing the offence are as. follows " Any person playing or betting at thimblerig, or at or with any instrument of gambling; or at any game or pretended game of chance in any street, road, highway, or other public place, or in any railway carriage, or at in or near any racecourse, fair, exhibition or show, buildings or grounds." The penalty for fee offence is imprisonment, wife or without • hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months. Gold Mems.—A tolerably favourable report was received on Monday from the German Beef. Captain Barker reports having obtained about 27 ozs. of amalgam from fee week's crushing, and states that fee prospects are promising well. Two very nice samples of gold, the result of some late crushings, have been received from the Stirling Beef, and we under stand that it is intended to increase fee number of stampers at this mine. _ Colonial Workmanship.—There is now on, view at Mr. Wendt's, Bundle-street, an elegant . silver epeigne, which is to be presented by the officers of the Survey Department in Western Australia to the Hon. Captain Roe, B.N., F.L.S., F.B.C.S., Surveyor-General of that colony, on his retirement from office after upwards of 42 years' service. It consists of three gum-trees, whose tops intertwine and support a crystal dish. These are on a massive triangular base of rocks, studded with groups of natives, kangaroos, and emus. At each corner there are shields, on which are engraved respectively the inscription, Captain Roe's coat of arms, and a number of instruments used in surveying. The whole is supported by a blackwood stand. The Cerberus.— The voyage of the above vessel does not seem to have commenced very favourably. The Argus learns that Captain Panter, writing from Malta on December 5, just a month after he sailed from England, states that he had bad weather in the Bay of Biscay, and indeed heavy gales all the way across. For 12 hours, he says, the ship was very nearly lost; nor was it ever expected she would get through it. She rolled fully 40° (far more than the Captain is reported to have rolled) each way, ana pitched tremendously. Sometimes -the • whole fore part of the ship, aS far aft as the foremast, wonld be lost right of, and the decks were quite under -water. His opinion' is that she would never have stood the gales round the Cape. Her steaming qualities are stated not to exceed six knots, while consuming at the rate of 25 to 30 tons per day, and as she has only capacity to carry 1,200 tons Of coal there is a difficulty in getting, from Aden to Galle, a distance of 2,100 milesj which Captain Panter expects to have to meet, bj chartering a vessel to meet him on the way. He hoped to cast anchor in Hobson's Bay in three or four months' time. Payment of Members.—The Maryborough Advertiser* in seeking to account for the rush of candidates for the Victorian Legislative Assembly, sums up as follows the stake to be run for:—" Imprimis—£300 per annum, paid monthly, for three years. Item—Free railway passes, free rides by mail coach, and free stationery and postage - stamps. Item — A chance in the lottery of office, prizes from £1,600 to £2,000 per annum. Item—Invita tions to Toorak, and good positions at all public ceremonials. Item—The privilege of tacking M.P. to your name, and of dazzling your old acquaintances in the mother-country with your new-blown dignity. Item — Pickings. The value of these is indefinite, but, as everybody knows , and , mid ——have made a handsome thing out of them. Item—An intro duction to society for Mrs. _ M.P. and her daughters, and the opportunity of securing Government billets for the male olive branches of the family." Closing of Saloons.—The prohibitive clauses" of the lately-passed Publicans Act of Victoria will make a vast diminution in the incomes of a class of men in Melbourne who have prospered pecuniarily just in proportion as the young men and women were ruined, and the moral tone of the community lowered. On this point the Herald alleges that two' men, 'who are pro prietors of one of those singing halls, estimate their loss of profits at £6,000 a year, if not allowed to carry on their degrading business. The Aye says these parties intend carrying their' business on under temperance arrangements. They will not take out any licence for Hie Bale of intoxicating- drinks, but will- transform them selves into vendors of tea, coffee, lemonade, andjother harmless liquids. . With these they - wxH-regale their visitors, and carry, on the dancing all the same. Whether they will find the fluids sufficiently exhilarating to induce their customers to continue their attendance at the halls is very doubtful. South-Eastebn Communication. —The Border Watch surmises that the Narracoorte via Penola route to Bivoli Bay is not likely to meet with, much favour from the people of the Narracoorte District, especially those in the North. A rail wav over that route the paper quoted would approve, because of its lying through better country than the projected Lacepede Bay line, but roads, it is urged, should be as direct as possible, and every mile of detour is a mile lost. The writer remarks that Penola and Narracoorte both want the nearest way to the seaboard. The summing up is that Narracoorte has decided in favour of going to Kingston with its produce, that a road should be made there, and on the other hand Penola ought to be connected with Port MacDonnell by the road being metalled where incomplete. This, it is alleged, wonld satisfy both ends of the district, and solve existing difficulties, whereas it is con tended that the proposal lately made at the Penola meeting " will only tend to keep up existing divisions." Railway projects should, it 18 commended, be for the present thrown over board. Mr. H. L. Sprigg writes, denying that Narracoorte rides with the Penola scheme, and disputing the accuracy of the figuresquoted at the recent meeting. He says in the Watch:—"Mr. Riddoch states the distance from Lacepede Bay through Narracoorte to the Border is 83 miles. He does not say to what part of the Border. By a careful measurement on the Surveyor-General's new map, I make the distance from Lacepede Bay to Narracoorte 50 miles; from thence to the Border, 13£ miles=63£ miles. By Government line via Cockatoo Lake, 59§, making it that way 724\. He says from Narracoorte to Rivoli Bay is only 68 miles. I make from Narracoorte to Penola 31 miles, from Penola to Rivoli Bay 42J, or 73£. Any one who takes a pair of compasses to the map will find those measurements correct." As in connection with the Ministerial visit to the South-East, these questions are of interest just now. We quote another passage from the anmn letter:—" I can see no objection to a line of railway from Rivoli Bay as far as Penola; there it should stop. Any line running north from Penola, parallel with tiie coast, w2l be so much money wasted. The country for 45 north of Penola is now under crop, and an area as far as Pauthaway, Mr. Lawson s station, been surveyed, awaiting the Government's pleasure to be declared and taken up. There is also further north between 300 and 400 square miles of excellent agricultural land in the Tatiara which will ere long be brought under cultivation. And will the produce of this country be hauled round to Rivoli Bay, about 140 miles ? Every disinterested person must see that Rivoli Bay cannot be the outlet for the produce of the northern portion of the District of Victoria; and that nothing can prevent a railway or road to Lacepede Bay. And I am confident, were the Penola line in operation, one-third of the produce would not find its way to Rivoli Bay, the drays would take it to Lace pede Bay. The distance from Lacepede Bay to Cockatoo Lake is about the same fls from Penola to Rivoli Bay, and rather greater from penola to Cockatoo Lake, the proposed junction of Narracoorte and Border Town." 