THE COMMERCIAL BANK. The eighth half-yearly general meeting of the shareholders oí tho Commercial Bank of Australia was held yesterday, Mr. L. J. Sher- rard, chairman of the board of directors, pre- siding. There wero about GO shareholders present. The minutes of the last general mooting having been read and confirmed, it wa's agreed that the report and balance-sheet (which have already been published in The Argus) should be taken as read. The accountant then read the following report of tho auditors : "To the Shareholders of the Commercial Bank of Australia,-Wo have to report that wo hove carefully audited the accounts of your hnnk for the half-year ending December 31, 1870, and that in our opinion the balance sheet is a full and fair one, exhibiting a a true and correct view of tbe company's affairs. The form of presenting the accounts has been considerably improved, and we have received from the officers of tho bank every assistanco to moko the audit complete.-We arc, &c;, W. G. Sprigg, W. H. Tuckett." 'Ihe CHAIRMAN, in moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, said ho was glad to think that the present sound and improved position of the bank rendered it unnecessary for him to detain the meeting with any lengthened remarks, which was more than ho could have said on somo former occasions. The board also felt thankful to say that the bank had stood well, and continued to stand well, with the public. They were further gratified to know that the balance-sheet, as circulated, had given great satisfaction to a large number of shareholders, and had been most acceptable to tho public ; so much so, that it had been favourably commented upon, not only by those who had a knowledge of banking, but by those who had a knowledge of the difficulties with which the bank had been surrounded during the last 15 months, greatly owing, to use a homely expression, to the careless and indiscreet advances made by tho late manager, and other causes. Ile was happy to say, however, that although tho accounts at ono time ap- peared to bo in a stato of inextricable ron fusion, they hud now, after a good deal of patience ancLanxiety, been put on a thoroughly sound footing. Thero might possibly be some shaieholders who would not regard that balance-sheet with the same amount of satis- faction as the directors regarded it, but it there were any such he would only ask them to look at the history of the bank during tho last 15 months, and be thought they would admit that, considering tho eil cumstances, the position of tbo bank was not only not dis- appointing, but satisfactory. No doubt there had been considerable difficulty in tho way of realising the old securities, by the losses in tho realisation of these securities had not been entirely unforeseen, and it was proposed at the meeting in July last that the losses should be met out of the earnings of the bank, rather than trench upon the capital. The position of this bank, and the class of business it was now doing, were of a decidedly improved character, so much so as to call forth favour- able comments from the auditors in going over the books and securities. During tho last few weeks a number of good accounts had been opened, and moro good business was expected to follow. Tho profits during the past six months might soem small, but, con- sidering the circumstances of the bank, they were good. Every liability had been provided for, and the status of the bank in the estima- tion of tho commercial community of the city had decidedly improved, while full confidence was felt in the management of the institution. No one was held in moro estimation in bank- ing circles in the city than tho manager, who had tho entire confidence and esteem of the board. With regard to the reduction of the interest upon deposits during the last six months, he might say that it was in con- templation by the board to augment the profits of the bank by the abolition of the practice of allowing interest on current ac- counts, a practice which at the outset enabled the bank to build up a business at the exponse of profits, but which, now the business was so satisfactory, might bo dispensed with. He might also say that, owing to circumstances over which the general manager had no con- trol, fully £50,000 worth of the bank's reserves, in addition to the cash reserves, had been un- productive during the last six months. This was not likely to occur in the future, but all these things had been against them. There was another matter he might refer to in pass- ing. The directors hoped before long to get a shore in the Government business. The shareholders were aware that the Government bad accounts with different banks in the city, and had it not been for the unfortunate position of the Commercial Bank it would have had five or six of these accounts. He had no doubt that, with the present decidedly improved position of the bank, the management would embrace the earliest opportunity of placing the matter before tho Government, and with such a largo and re- spectable proprietary he had no doubt that the Government would entertain the application favourably. There was not only this, but many other encouraging signs which would cause the shareholders to look to the future with confidence. The board looked forward not only with hope, but with entire confidence. They felt that the time was coming, and was not far distant, when they should be compelled to largely increase the capital of the bank, but this would only be done as circumstances do manded. He felt assured in his own mind that if the shareholders would now deter- mine to give their full and entire support to the institution, the result would be of a most satisfactory kind. Confidence by the shareholders would tend to further confidence in the bank by the public ; further confidence would mean increased business, increased businesswould mean increased profits, and in- creased profits would mean a lai gely increased value of tho stock in the market. As soon as this took place, the directors would be in a position to increase the capital of the bank, either by the issue of fresh shares, or by any other means it might be advisable to adopt, There was a matter personal to himself to which he wished to allude before sitting down, as this was the last time he should have the pleasure of meeting the shareholders before going to England. It was now some four jearsor more since he had been con- nected with the bank-since it started, in fact. Ho had been a director of the bank during tho whole of that period, although Eart of the time he bad been in England, and is colleagues bad done him the honour to elect him as chairman three times. Ho had met the shareholders on two occasions under painful circumstances, and ho could not allow tho meeting to pass over without thanking them for the kindness and con- sideration with which they had received him at all times. He also desired to acknowledge tho kindness he had received from his follow directors, and he should take away nothing but pleasing recollections of the bank. As a shareholder of tho bank ho should also go to England with a thorough confidence in its management. He begged to move the adop- tion of tbe report and balance-sheet. > Mr. AV. A. ZEAL seconded tho motion, re- marking that tbo bank was now in a better position thon ever before, and if the share- holders only pulled together it would soon take a position amongst tho commercial in- stitutions of this city equal to any other. Tho motion was passed unanimously. The CHAIRMAN then moved the re-election of Mr. Jos. Service as a director, and the appointment, as a new director, of Mr. Hy. Stewart. Mr. J. J, Cosey seconded the nomination of Mr. Service, and Dr. Farrage that of Mr. Stewart. Both candidates were elected unanimously. Messrs. li. Langton and W. H. Tuckett wero then appointed as auditors for the en- suing year, Mr. Langton having a trifling ad van togo in the show of hands. On tho motion of Mr. Casey and Dr. Cutts, the thanks of the shareholders were voted to the chairman and directors of the bank. The Chai) man and Mr. Moubray briefly acknowledged the compliment. The thanks of the meeting were a'so voted to the manager and officors of the bank, Mr. Turner, replying for himself aud tho other officers. The proceedings then closed. Tbe Geelong Advertiser iBvoits that "avery extensive nnd destructivo bush-fire occurred on Saturday, between St. Leonard's and Portarlington, by which Mr, P. Powell was a sufferer to tho extent of some hundreds of - acres of grass, about two miles of fencing, and many small heaps of firewood. Mr. E. Harvey suffered a trifle, through burnt fences and grass, but his loss is small compared to Mr, Powell's." The Maryboroxiyh Advertiser reports: " A miner named Edward Hood was seriously injured at Cummins and Company's claim, Chinaman's, on Thursday. Ho carelessly sent up a can of stuff with the hook reversed; and the can hanging to the lashing used to tie tho buckets on the hook. AVhcn the stuff had been hauled up about 60ft., tho lashing broke, and the can struck Hood on the top of the buck. Ho was brought in to tho hospital, and lies in a precarious state. It is amazing that men can be found to court injury or death in such a deliberate manner," 