STOCK AND STATION REPORTS. Advertiser Office, The weather during the week has been intensely hot, anil though agreeably varied by a heavy thunderstorm on Wednesday night, accom panied" with rain, is still, very close and sultry. Bushfires have been raging all round ami doing a good deal of damage, but the rain has fortunately extinguished them for the time. At Dubbo the weather is hot and sultry, but the. country still looks well and stock are thriving. Busk fires,, however;, arc -very prevalent on all sides. At Forbes the tveather. has been very hot, and rain is much wanted. The .season on the Paroo ii splendid. It is showery, more or less, 'every week. Sheep, cattle, "and horses are fat. On the Macquarie the season is reported to be very good. The plains are covered with splendid feed, and stock are looking welL A throat disease is, however, affecting the cattle on some runs, ■ The mortality from it is not great. On the Castlereagh things are looking well. Backwater is falling, but a thunderstorm or two will re-Jill the dams and waterholes. In the Melbourne market this week cattle showed a slight upward tendency—sheep, evcept for very prime quality, sixpence lower. In the local market there is little demand for fat cattle, ami no transactions are reported. The demand for stores con tinues good. There are active inquiries for store sheep of good quality. Mr. Forsyth reports the sale of 6S00 wethers to Mr. Alexander, for Messrs. G. A. and P. Mein, of Moolpa, on account of Mr. John Cox, of Mangoplah, at full rates; and Mr. 0. A. Elliot has sold for _Messrs. Ingram and Co., of Book-Book, 3200 ewes and wethers to Mr. A. Davitlson, at a good price. Ths same agent reports, In conjunc tion with Mr. Mair, the sale of 5S00 mixed sheep, for Mr. E" C. Pearson, of Sandy Creek. The Dubbo stock items are as follow:—223 fat cattle ( IP7. C. McPhillamy's) started on Saturday from the Oaks, Bogan River, for Bathurst. 73 head of fat cattle (Keenan's) have left for Orange. 500 very superior bred store cattle (Lee's) have passed along the Bogan for If allambiUong. There are several buyers on that ricer, looking out Jor fat cattle. Mr. R. O. Ooodisson (Powers, Rutherford, and Co.) reports having sold on Tuesday last at the sale yards. Dubbo, 56 head of stores, principally cows and young cattle, on account of executors of the late Hugh Munro. They sold very well, averaging £2 17s per head. This is the first lot of cattle offered through, the yards here, and the general opinion It that tegular sales of fat and stores through the yards would pay well. 17,000 sheep (Lord and McNevin's) have passed the Bogan going to the Barwon. The Obley items are : 64 head very prime cattle (Strahorn Brothers') for Bathurst or Orange, Mr. If. Strahorn In charge; 6000 store sheep (Trappit and Lane's) from Ulandray, en route to Nyn gan, Mr. Nichol Priest in charge. The Coolah passings are: 130 fat cattle, (Cobb's) from the Mooney, for Maitland: 1500 wed• ders, (Turner's) for Sydney; 1400 ewes (Mr. Turner's), from the Baumal for Sydney; 1000 wedders (Peel River Co.'s), from Mellie, for Sydney. 153 fat cattle (Forrester's) from the Narren, for Sydney. 