Before H. Scott, Esq., P.M. Arson. me examination of the charge of arson, pre ferred against William Beveridge, who answered on his bail, was resumed. The particulars of the alleged offence were given in our issue of Thursday last. William Moss sjrorn, deposed : Waa a black smith, residing aVinmi ; recollected the night of the 14th and the morning of the 15th April last ; it was at that time that defendant's cottage was burnt down ; knew where the cottage was situated : lived about 100 yards from where it stood ; saw the cottage burning ; Mr. Cork woke him at a little after one ou tho morning of the 5th April last ; told him to come and save Ander son's house as Buveridge's cottage was on fire ; replied, ' That be hanged, there has been no fire in that cottage for fourteen months ;' got np and dressed and went down ; by the time ha arrived the roof had just fallen in ; went and got a bucket and threw water on Anderson'* place, which was about three feet oil, and was built of slab and weatherboard ; there was no fire on that night, nearer than the one in my. house, which was to leeward of the burning house; 1 the tire was blown over his house ; there had been no bush-fires ; the first part of the night was origin, atcerwards cloudy, and then mizzling rain ; did not sleep until about a quarter- past twelve ; witness's wife was sick ; 'at that tima heard a footstep going past the front of bis cot tage towards defendant's cottage, and a short time afterwards heard a footstep coming back, put that was at the back of the cottage ; it came from where the fire afterwards was, only more up the hill ; it was going in the direction of Walls end ; witness got up, opened the door and stoop, ing down outside, saw the shadow of a man going i towards Back Creek, on the Wallsend road, but did not recognise him ; the man had nothing in his hand ; guessed it would be about ten minute*, rom the time he heard the step going until ha heard it returning ; it was three quarters of an hour from the last time he heard tha footsteps until Mr. Cork called him to com* ?uu anise at tne nro ; naa a ciock in the house and could tee it with tho light of the coal fire ; had never seen the jplac* open since defendant fetched his' thing* away about fifteen months ago. Saw both tha looks after the fire, the bolts were shot in both of them : heard no noise except tha footsteps ; lad a door or window been broken1 open would lave heard it ; it was not a very windy night; Mr. Cork's place is the nearest on the other sidt, it is about one hundred and fifty yards away from Beveridge's ; last saw defendant in Minml about six weeks before. ', . . Examined by, defendant : Gave evidence «t the inquest held on that fire ; believed there were twelve jurymen and the District Coroner; gav* the same evidence aa he was now giving ; tha verdict arrived at, was— 'That tha hpuw^Utd been wilfully set fire toby some person or per sons unknown.' The nun who went by had plenty of time to put a fire into the house ; men did not go to Wallsend to work at that hour of tne night ; it was very unlikely any one would do so.; men might have been about, had their own mines been at work j the house appeared to lave been fired in the middle of the floor of tha front room ; only saw the shadow of the man who went by ; did not know who set fire to tha place ; had he done so, would have spoken about t before now ; had the night been very windy*, he and his ' old woman 'might have been burnt put, Ufore they knew where they were. ' ': This concluded the case (or the Crown; . ; '^ 