EPITOME OF NEWS. There were no fewer than 503prisoners in Mel, bourne GAO) on Saturday last—the Wgest number ever wttliin tbe walls at-one time. j A aalmon trout, and a fisli four and one-third] pounds'weight, supposed (to be a grilse, have bee^ caught in tiie riverDerwait,uear the mouth of the Tienty. " V , j Al»Jtt Xll,000 was pa\d into tlie Tressury aj ipuh'icansVlicensjBs,:fe"quattisg S f f i i S ^ S t e rmts, a f and fees. l 1 Bains -«f a hca\y ^i racteroccurred iu BiverinS last week—just intime^o pat out a number of bushfires that threatened dangS\ is 1 ' A i.ush-fireat Brnom Hot;near Avoca, took place last week, and was not extingtdsbed before some twenty and thirty acres of grass were destroyed. -. A nusget weighing sixty-one ounces, lias been picked up in ChriBtmas gully, Berlin. A large sn ke was found the other day, coiled up on the breast of a sleeping baby, in a farm-house on the Loddon. The mother had only gone out for a few moments to the harvest field. The export of whe&from; Adelaide for London is now going on briskly. The rate of freight is Is 7 Jd per bushel. Mr Iiannan, farmer of the Anakies.ha'. this year, says the Geeltmg Advertiser, obtained one of th finest crops of oats ever g own in the district. It is estimated that it will yield a hundred bushels tp the acre " A death adder was killed at Marshall's farm. Ot-niliquin, last week, the rep ile had near y bitten a man. The -Mercury learns that rust ^aa made its appearance in many of the crops around Day esford. It is feared the .heavy rains of Thursday and Friday will increase the evil. A nugget of 54ozs. has been obtained from tbi claitn.rthe Golden Lake Company; Homebush Avoca. Eleven ounces of coarse gold were foun< Two men, n«med Richards and Hohlyn, have t»en killed in the Park Compuny's claim, Ballarat, by the sudden influx of sand into a jump-up in whi£h they wereworking. The Caledonia Hotel, at Sandford. belonging to Mr Grant, and one of the largest hotels in the Western district, was destroyed by fire on Wednesday last. The BdUorat Star cautions the public against a young u.an who goes about delivering tracts, and who steals everything he can lay his hands i n. The Hurray snagging part}-, under the saperirtendencc of Mr Shelley, are making prestations to commence work early next week, by getting their boats and n.acliinerv in order. The Bendiyo Advertiser of Saturday says:—The celebrated Collmann and Tacclii's Company, in California Gully, will, .we understand, hoist their flag to day in celcbratiun of tlie achievement of attaining the great st depth yet reached on any re-f on iSe gold-field, numely 700 leet. Mr McFarlane, hay and corn dealer, of Maryborough, me> with his diath by dr- wiling, on Thursday. He was wading in a swamp on Charlotte Plains in pursuit ot wild ducks, when he got out of his depth in a hole, and was drowned before assists, nre could be rendered to him. Four men were struck by lightning at Kiama on Tue.-day afternoon week {says the Yost Courier), one of whom was killed, and one was severely injured. A number ot persons in the vicinity and township were more or less affected toy the electric fluid. The report of the board appointed to investigate tbe charge made against Mr. 1'ohlnian, the police magistrate at Wood's Feint, has be. n rent in. It is understood that the report is -decidedly unfavorable to Mr. Pohlmau; but the Executive have not yet come to any decision in tlie matter. A boy named Carson, th>- ton of a farmer near Terang. has been drowned while baihing in a water hole, through fright at seeking a snake. A gentleman named Muddle hvs been appointed Deputy- Begistrar-General for New Sontt Wales. The hop-gronnds at New Norfolk, in Tasmania, are reported as offering a most promising crop, thongh the spider pest lias made its appear' ance. All tolls throughout South Australia are abolished and the repairs of the i oads henceforth will be met by loca 1 taxation. Billast trains are now running along the whole line of tbe LaunceBton and Western itailway,which is expected to be open for general traffic shortly. On Sunday the summit of Wount Wellington, Hobart Town, was covered with snow. " -njs'Trxcellency S. W-.-Jflarknll governor oT -QucmbunivUica in, 3fonday><normng at T,overommt-liottse, after a lengthened illness. An important case, involving the liability of the. lessees of tolls to be rated, has been decided by the Eilmore conri. The court held that there beiug attached to the toll bouse land from which profit might be derived, tbe right of rating stood. Intelligence has been received that the landholders at Levuka have disapproved of King Thakombau's constitutions, and th»t thoOnaleu and Zeulaus men are preparing for a fight. Bamford, the hangman, has been sentenced to twelve months' in prisonment for vagrancy. Medals have been presented to four men atBenalta in recognition of their bravery during tbe late floods at that p!ace. It is stated that the Ballarat district will shortly have a beet eugar mrnufactory started in its midst. At Dunedin the o lier day a cricket match was played, one elev.n usicg bats, and the other brnom handles. The best of ic was that the latter beat ty loo runs. DFTTN-'KENKEES AND UKCOHBCIONS CKREBXLATXOK.— The proverbial impunity with which drunken men fall without hurting themselves, can only be attributed to the fact tha tlie conscious will does not interfere with the unconscious instinct of falling on the parts of the boJy least liable to injury. The same impunity is enjoyed by persons not intoxicated, who at the moment ot »n Accident do not exert am volition in determining which way they shall strike the ground; A!! ihe ludicrous stories of the absence of mind ot lipsy men may obviously be explained "by supposing that their unconscious cerebration is blindly fumbling to perform tasks needing conscious direction. And be it remembered that the old proverb, "in vino va iteus'' is here in exact harmony with our • heory. he drunken man unconsciously blurts out the truth, bis muddled br«in being unequal to the task of iirventinga plausible falsehood. The delicious fun of Slieridan, found tinder a tree and tel>ing a policeman that he was " Wil-Wil-Wilberforce," >eveals at once that'tbe wag, if a little exalted, was by no means really drunk. Such a joke could hardly have occurred to an unconscious brain, even one Cu well accustomed to the production of humor. It is only a Porson who, when drunk solemnly corses tlie " aggravating properties of iraniuiate matter." or, when hecar not fit his latch-key, is beard muttering " the tiatme of thixgt V A noble miser of the last century revealed his tme character, and also the state of bis purse, whenever he was fuddled,by murmuring softly to himself, "I'm very rich! !',• very rich 1" In sober moments he complained continually of his limited means. In the same way it is the brutal laborer who in his .besotted state womanVo'n tfie contrary,' un less an ^abitual* virago, seldom strikes anybody. The accouomed vehicle for her emotions—her tangue—is the of whose ser vices her unconscious cerebration avails itself.— Unconscious Cerebrationin -Vncmttfixs's Magazine 