NOTES AND : JEWS; Tk i. ko n a r u i c. — Ay e received our usual Sydney telegram lust night; It conalsts.off 31 words. To this pari of Qncoiislaml tho most iiaportapt item — " Two bluL'k whales caught at Edea ypstordny I" O.v Tuesday, a certificate for J. publican's license ,rua .minted to Mr. T. Howo. fbv tho new house opiHM-ito tlio Court House, to bo called tho Northern Downs Hotel. 1 Tueuk is. no chango to qotfae this week in refarenco- to tbo ull'iibsofbiiig topic of the wcatljor. Summer is sot in, mid yet there has not in this neighborhood been tiuv rain during the wlntor months, nor if there auv sign of rain now. Hopos .are eutortaimuLthut- the intense heat will bo speedily followed by thun derstorms, .whiph is much desired as . tho reservoirs and creeks may.lhcroby bo filled.. A drought— which is feared — will eauso uhnost Incalculable distress and loss. Already some of Miu statious havo suffered considerably, so far as tlio luiubs aro concerned. In the town most of tho dairymen have turned out tlieir cows iu tho hope that thoy will be able to keep alive until rain cotpes, aud this description of stock is being helped opt of the boggy waterholM of the crack ovory day, Somo of tlio moro enterprising of the owners go into tho forest aud scrubs almost, daily, and |by putting down traps provido food for their starving cattle, tho leaves being , eagerly devoured. Reports from the up oouutry districts show that rain fa alsa thora anxiously looked for, although. iu soino places partial .showers have fallen — particularly towards tbp foqafa qpd .(.he. New South Wales border. i . Found Drowned. — On Sandaf ' a magisterial inquiry was held at Jimbour, by Mr. M&yho;1 J.P., into the circumstances attending tho death of a shepherd .on that statioq, nptntu Jamas Yiljccott, aged 41, a na(ivo of England. The deceased was last seen nilvo at the drafting yards, on the 6th instant, in the afternoon of which day, ono of tho overseers, named Alexander put him on tlio road to hia hut at tho Jinghi Ridge, -a few mile on tho other side of Coornuguh. Deceased did not reach homo, howevor, and inquiries were rnndo respecting his whereabouts on the 7th, but as nothing could bo heard of him, it was concluded thut ho had strayed iu the bush, and three or four persons were seat out to search for him, hut without any satisfactory result. Tim next day .the circumstance was reported to tho polico, and on Saturday mountcd-constohle Crummy went out. Another search was at once instituted, in which nearly ofi the available men on the station joined, hut no traces af tho missing man wore discovered until Sunday last, when his body was found in a wotorhole near the road he would take to return home. At tho inquiry, nothing was elicited to show how deoeased fouuefhis way into tho wotorhole. It appenrs, how ever, that his mind had been affected previous, and that hp had latterly been in ill health. Dpceaspd leaves a wife and several children. The Census. — At tho time of tho taking of tho consus in' Maroh, 1888, tho population of Dalbv was 1,221. Wo have not yet been enabled to ascertain what the number , now is, but it is -estimated by persons- who are supposed to know something about it to. bo between 1,500 and 1,600— ccrlainly not a large increase in threo and n half years, and considering that tho railway which was to do so much for us has been opened to this towi\ sinco. that time. Tho returns from the country comprising tHe electoral district of Northern Downs outside this municipality, show tho population to be 2,146, but as the shoaring has attracted a portion of these from tho towns tho actual resident population can only bo guessed ut. Of theso 2,146 persons, 1,508 are males and 638 females, and they are classi fied ns belonging to tho subjoined denominations as follows t— ' v V Church of England 819 Roman Catholic 813 - rrcshytcriana ... ... 263 Lutherans ... ' 107 Independents ... 40 Methodist . ... 39 Viiknown ... 45 Accordiug to tho returns there ore also 4 Baptists, 2 Jows, 1, Holy Christian, 1 quoker, 1 'Mormon, 2 Fiignns, l'Vtiircrsnl, 1 Natural, 1 Swodcnborgian, and 1 Athicst. Dray Burnt.— On Saturday last, a bullork dray was much Injuricd by firo, and a portion of. the load ing destroyed. Tho dray is the property of a man uatned Jinca.Dowc, and hod como down w.ith loading' belonging to Mr. E. Bradley of Chorleville. In company with. other teamsters, Dowse camped at the Conuaroino River, near Range's Bridge Inn, During the day a horse got bogged in the river, and-tho teamsters went to help the ownor. to got it out. When they returned, tuey. found the dray on fire, and they w.oro unable to extinguished it unlTTtwo bales of wool; two boxes of personal effects, the.lar- paulin, tackling, and bed ofitho dray had been con siimed. The spokes of tho wheels and- the .pole were also charred- by-tha fire.. It. is. not known, bow, tho fire originated; The men had tokenevoryprvcautioii, against bush-fires (which havo existed in this neigh borhood for some weeks) by burning off a space upou. which to camp. The wool was consigned to Mr. F. W.Roche of this town, and tho boxes to Messrs, Cribb and Footo. ' There have been' very few importanfc iraproro-. ments made in this town during the last six months. One of tlio most extensive effected, however, fa tho new hotel, belonging to- Messrs, Landy Brothers, opposite the Court House, ondmnw. occupied- by Mr. Ilnwfl- THft KuiMinv U fin n ullnimnn!.- formerly the property of a gentleman named Ross, which persons who have resided in Dalby will recog nise as tho allotment adjoining Mr. Radford's cottage. Tho building, is a very handsomoono tho central position being two storeys, to the upper floor of which is a handsome balcony. The iron-and wooden, building, formerly used as a printing-offioe, and' Surohascd some months sinco by Mr. Henry ohoupt, has been removed' to an allotment in Cunningham-street, ipimcdfately. opposite the Tele graph Office. It is now being painted and'decoratod' by ite enterprising owner, and will veiy shortly- he opened as a furniture store. The municipal authorities hnvo got a portion of the water roserre fenced in, and aro now proceeding to beautify it hy planting shade- and ornamental trees, wliioh, when tho plants have grown will odd greatly to the appear- anco of tho town. Shearing operations .avonow in full swing on somo of tlio adjacent stations. Hnlliford, where they aro shearing in tho grease, has the distinction this yoar of sending the first bules of tlio new clip io tho rail way station, which arrived- hub week. Ajb- Jimbour Micro aro 75 men on tho floor of the shearing shed, a circumsUvnco that shows thoro is no scarcity of hands in this district-, although atone time it 'was thought men would be difficult to find' in consequence of the attractions of tho northern goldfields. The wooHs now coming in freoly, and the railway em ployes hare tlioir hands quito fullt-cspeeia)ly us they aro compelled' by the now &rrangements;„conneoted. with the scale of charges recently put in operation to' weigh every bale. Tho Johaaryan washpool at Bowcnvillo presents n veiy animated oppcorancc. The washing there is being conducted on a system by which two relays of men aro employed, each relay being in tho water only from two to three -hours nt a timo, no interruption to tho labor -occurring from sunri6q to sunset. This the mon find exceeding con ducive to health, and the occupation is thus divested of ono of i.ts greatest evils. Aftor being put under tho spouts, tho sheep, aro leisurely- driven to the. woolshcd at Jonduryan, nino miles distant, which enables tho yolk to rise in the wool just sufficiently, to randcr the staple in the best marketable condition, possible. Ou St. llulh, "Wcnuign, and Warra TVbrra, shearing will commence as soon as the arrangements now in. progress are completed. Tho same, mav bo said of tho selectors in this neighbourhood, soiuo of whom wiU probably have their encep shorn, at one or other of tho station sheds when, tho station work fa finished. One selector, who. has 80,000 sheep, w having a washnool made on a crreck that. rims through hisJand. 