NARANDERA.. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The weather since my last has continued most variable during the week. Extremes of heat and cold (for this season of the year) have been experienced, the thermometor ranging from 68° to 104° mid-day. We are now enveloped in a thick smoke, owing to the bush-fires in the neighbourhood. Nothing can be seen distinctly at a short distance. You will probably remark that "nothing to be seen" is generally the case down here. At any rate, yesterday was an exception, and an unusual activity was observable, especially in tho movements of the business people. From tho particulars I have gathored, it appears that a gentleman, giving tho name of Mr. Duff, called upon Mr. Keating, store keeper, of Gillenbah, and informed him he had 6000 sheepp just behind, which he had arranged with the punt lessee to cross the next day, and that some rations would to required. A caroful selection was made by Mr. Duff—so careful as to impress the store keeper with the fact that, though a large retail buyer, he was a particularly hard nail to deal with. Tho goods being placed on one side to ensure speedy delivery on the morrow when the cart passed, and an account made out to the mutual satisfaction of buyer and seller, Mr. D. presented a cheque on the A. J. S. Bank, Wagga Wagga, for £24 (I believe) in excess of the amount of goods sold, but not yet delivered. Tho same was promptly cashed, the change consisting prin cipally of these much-prized and elegant five-pound notes. They parted, the store keeper not doubting for a moment they were to meet again on the morrow. There is, however, every reason to believe that such was not tho intention of the supposed sheep-man. Ho crossed the river to Naran dera, and, perhaps to prevent one side having a hearty laugh at the other's simplicity, he called upon and patronised in a very similar manner Mr. A. J. Johnson, of the firm of Max Monash and Co. from whom he re ceived that civility and attention always so willingly offered to a travelling sheep man, or, in fact to any other customer, and in addition the change of another somewhat corpulent cheque on tho A. J. S. Bank, Wagga Wagga. Upon the buyer leaving, Mr T. remarked to a gentleman present (who had observed a peculiar restlessness about the stranger) that he was in charge of a large mob of sheep and purposed cross ing them in the morning, and that he rejoiced in the name of Duff. The reply was that possibly the gentleman had made a slight omission, and it might be Duff-or. I am unable to say whether or not this remark caused any forbodings, but during the trans action of the business with M. M. and Co., Mr. Keating, not feeling altogether secure with tho unendorsed cheque, came over to this side to institute inquiries. He saw the stranger, whoso well-tanned features; and 'tout ensemble' convinced him that he must be • in charge of aheep—and so he was, but I must reduce the 6000 to 2— and, beyond speaking to Sen-Constable Foley on the subject, be took no further steps at that time. Mr Johnson having made full inqui ries in the meantime, and finding there were no sheep whatever near us, lost no time in giving information to the police, who imme diately started in pursuit, the stranger having made tracks, possibly to join his sheep. They (the police) are still out. There is little doubt they will fall in with the " wanted," whom they purpose pressing to invite to her Majesty's cottage, at least until the fate of the cheques has been placed beyond doubt. Here is another of the many instances which have of late occurred, showing how very useful even as a check on crime a telegraph office would be. Stock is very quiet. I have heard of no movement, save Mr. Duff's (?) 6000 sheep. 