COUNTRY NEWS. As illustrating how little danger there is of bush-fires at this season, owing to the luxuri- ant undergrowth of grass, the Pleasant Creek News mentions that "at North Corack Sta- tion (one where less rain falls than any other in the district) a bush fire took place last week, burning a considerable length of brush fencing ; but when it left for the grass, the conflagration died out—this, too, during the recent very hot weather. The undergrowth of green herbage is described as resembling a carpet in most places." It is greatly to be deplored, if the reports which have reached the Pleasant Creek News in relation to the following matter are cor- rect:- "We learn upon excellent authority that a number of the boundary-riders, with their families, who reside a considerable dis- tance to the north, have taken to the hor- rible vice of opium-smoking; when we say their families, we do not of course mean the younger children, but we are sorry to learn that the drug is used pretty freely by both sexes. Here is an evil just beginning which may bear terrible fruit. That quantities of opium are sent up country there is no doubt ; surely the authorities ought to take active and immediate steps in this matter. We are quite willing to give the name of our autho- rity if applied to." From the Mount Alexander Mail we learn that a meeting of hotelkeepers has been held at Castlemaine, for the purpose of deciding what stops should be taken at the forthcom- ing election to ensure an alteration to the Wines, Beer, and Spirit Statute. Mr. Ban- nister was voted to the chair. On the motion of Mr. Meredith, it was resolved to form an association to be called the Licensed Victual- lers' Association. This step was considered necessary in order to enable them to corre- spond as a body with other similar organisa- tions throughout the colony. It was then resolved to ask all candidates for election whether they were prepared to support a re- peal of the clauses prohibiting Sunday trading, and although the hours at which it was thought proper that publichouses should be open was not to be named, the feeling of the meeting was evidently in favour of 1 p.m. to 3 p.m., and from 8 p.m. to 11 p.m. Another resolution was passed by which candidates were to be questioned as to their willingness to support an abolition of grocers' licences. At Beechworth, amongst other places, there has been a heavy rainfall. The Advertiser reports :- "One of the heaviest downpours of rain with which this district has been visited for a long time past fell on Tuesday last. At Beechworth, the rain during the evening fell in one unbroken sheet, and for an hour or two the channels were running like miniature rivers. In Ford-street, near the Star Hotel, the whole of the side walk was covered. "The Guildford correspondent of the Mount Alex- ander Mail writes that "the flood of Tuesday was very high, and did a great deal of damage. Several houses were flooded to that extent that they had to be abandoned. Dams were burst, and the rush of water carried away large quantities of debris, filling up com- pletely some of the watercourses, and cut- ting in other places new channels. In many places the roads have been damaged, and the culverts filled up level. Immense quantities of fruit, both ripe and unripe, were beaten off the trees, and many a heavy-bearing limb broken. The rain, however, was much needed, and will cause the pasturage to spring up anew. After the flood had subsided the dam at Pennyweight known as Rabbage's gave way, and the volume of water was so great that it damaged considerably the pro- perty of Mr. G. G. Muir, of Yapeen. It is probable that the liability of the owners of dams will be tested in this case." At Geelong, on Thursday night, we learn from the Express, an adjourned meeting of persons interested in the granting of land certificates to volunteers after five years' service, was held in the 1st Geelong Artillery Rooms. Mr. Thomas Ander- son moved the first resolution, to the effect that a Volunteer Land Certifi- cate League be formed. Mr. Anderson alluded to the Land Act of 1865, wherein provision was made for volunteers to receive the grant, and also read the proclamation issued at the time, holding forth the same as an inducement for men to join the volunteer force. The resolution was then carried, after which, in response to an invitation, the fol- lowing candidates for the local constituencies spoke strongly in favour of the object of the league, and promised, if elected, to do their utmost to forward it, viz.-Messrs. Lloyd, Staveley, Richardson, Johnstone, and Asche. Apologies were received from Messrs. Graham Berry, E. M. Langhorne, Riddle, and Levy, for not being present, but expressing their sympathy with the league. Resolutions were then carried that members be enrolled, at a subscription of 1s. per month, and appointing office-bearers. The Pleasant Creek News writes :- "A case of some importance to squatters was heard in the Stawell Police Court on Wednesday, in which the inspector of sheep complained against Charles Fraser for driving sheep into the Northern clean district without a written authority from an inspector. Mr. Ollard ap- peared for the proseeutor, and Mr. Harwood, of Geelong, for the defence. It appeared from the evidence that the defendant drove 4000 sheep, more or less, from Robertson's station, South Australia, without any authority. The defence raised by Mr. Harwood was to the effect that the 67th section of the new Scab Act only applied to sbeep driven from some place outside of the proclaimed district in Victoria ; but that proceedings should have been taken under the 63rd section, if any offence was committed, which was to the effect that the travelling of the sheep might be prohibited altogether, and as this had not been done there was no offence. The line of argument pursued farther was that inasmuch as the sheep were in South Australia, the Vic- torian inspector could take no cognisance of them till they had actually passed the border, and when once past the border they were in the Northern clean district. The defendant was fined £50, with costs. Mr. Harwood asked if the Bench would state the case if re- quired. This was agreed to." The following is from the Ballarat Star :- ''Four individuals caused a large amount of amusement at Lake Wendouree on Thursday evening, in consequence of unsuccessful at- tempts to embark on a cruise. First of all two (one of whom is a J. P.) attempted to make a start in a sailing-boat, but ere they left the jetty something happened, and both fell into the water. On re-appearing above the surface it was evident that they had em- braced closely, each one holding firmly to the other, hoping that his friend would save him from a watery grave. Both were rescued, and their two friends resolved on having a row, thus avoiding the danger of a sailing-boat. Mr. J. P. feeling very wet could not bear to see his comrades in a fair way to enjoy themselves, so he wilfully and with malice aforethought upset the boat. One man kept within the boat, and appeared to balance himself with great skill, and thus avoid falling into the vasty deep. The other commenced to swim, and on his face was depicted complete despair. Finding himself unable to swim in thirty inches of water, he, in the depth of his misery, beseechingly implored by- standers to save him, and hold up his hands to the few who were fortunate enough to see such an escapade in the most implo- ring manner. All were saved, and landed on the jetty. It is quite superfluous to add that each of the quartette was more or less intoxi- cated, most being rather more than less. The thing was regarded as something like a joke by most of the bystanders. However, one of them, who said he had received from the J.P. —who was suffering from wet within, com- bined with wet without—a sentence of seven days' imprisonment for swearing at a con- stable, felt that in the interests of justice the J.P. ought to be in some way punished, and he began to search for a constable. By this time the J.P. had been taken ill—had, in fact, been overcome by a sickness not of the sea—and was in a helpless state outside an hotel. He begged his friends to stand by him, and protested that they would 'all die together.' He quite thought that he was in danger of finding a watery grave, but onlookers deemed that he was more in danger from spirits than water." 