PASTORAL. AND AGRICULTURAL INTEL« ? :?"?> . > s v LIGENOE. . THE weather duriDg tho past week, says tho W&jbjn;, : TVogga Express, has been showery and cool, ato'd has , given a wonderful spring to the rich uncrcrgfowth of ,, green feed which tho recent rains have induced. . Tor . the time all fears of bush-fires have teen dispelled, and . until tho weather again sets in dry there need be no anxiety on thia score. Tho ràins have also had tho good "'.' effect of reducing the nuisance of grass-seods, which have this season been productive of most serious losses to flockmastcrs. In another week or two it is probable that «ll the seed will havo been shed, and then travell- ing with sheep will again bo unattended with difficulty and risk. In Borne parts of the district the late wet and . chilly weather has proved fatal to the nowly-shorn sheen and caused some rather serious losses. In the local : market there is a fair demand for fat cattle, and though , no actual transactions have taken place, the holidays , ,.. having interfered with business, prices are well main V. tained, and are likely to continue firm. For fat sheep . '. ."there is little or no demand. Store cattle are briskly \- inquired for, and as the supply is limited and likely to ' ? fall far below the requirements of buyers, a continuance of high rates may be lookod for. Best bullocks' are worth from £4 5s to £5 ; others in proportion. Store .. ' sheep especially good wethers and sound- mouthed ewes, are in fair demand, with but fe w offering. On Wednesday last, says tho "Wagga Wagga Express of the 3lBt December, 1870, OOO head of splendid store cattle, in chargo of Mr. Hann, crossed the. river by * , swimming, and a couple of days before OOO head of Mr, : Gilbert's crossed in the same manner, rather than, pay the exhorbitant tolls demanded by the Bridgo Company. Both lots were taken across without the slightest trouble and without tho loss of a single beast. Mr. Hann's lot are from the Burdekin, Northern Qaecns . ' land, and have been sold to Messrs. Tozer and Fisher by Mr. G. A. Elliot (P. It. & Co). They proceed to Jerilderie, and will there be divided-one mob being taken by Mr. Tozer, and the other by Mr. Fisher. These cattle havo now been eight months on the road, , and during that timo have travelled over 1000 miles covering in their journey nearly tho entire length of the continent. AV ith the exception of about 20 head tho lot is composed entirely of bullock?. They aro all , . ? in splendid order, nnd, takon as a whole, aro, in tho . opinion of those best competent to judge, undoubtedly ¿ho finest lot that have passed through Wagga for years. They travelled from tho Burdekin to tho head of the Warrego, ' and from thence down that river, to ?the Darling, and during ono part of their journey passed over more than 200 miles of unoccupied country, altogether beyond tbo bounds of sottlement. For the splendid condition in whioh they have been delivered hero tbo greatest credit is due to the droving of Mr. Hann in whose obarge they have been since they left tho Burdekin. Tho following aro the crossings at Deniliquin.-Mr. P. Tyson's 3G0O fat sheep ; 'C. MVFarland and Co's 200 fat cattle Lnndalo, Ilrothers* 17,000 atoro sheep for Noo- rong, Mr, John Holloway's 7 bulls, for "Wagga ; Mr. Hudd's fat oattle, T. M'Karlan o and Co's 7000 store sheep passed down for Nap Nap, Tho following Btock have crossed at Moama 1200 Doyle's ; 3300 ewes (Noura Station) COO ewes and.SHOO wethers M'Evoy's : . 3900 fat sheep from Bourke, Barton in chnrgo ; 1C57 fat sheep Cuba Station. Ou Saturday, tho 17th instant, 100 rams from Messrs Wolscloy, Gibbs and Co's., Cobran ' and Thulo stations, passed Mulwala in charge of ¡\ir. Thomas Keatinge They wero in superior condition and .well bred, consigned or sold to Mr. Vantiars, of Dora TWa otntinr. . xrurtt manon. Encouraging reports uro just received from Dubbo. Tho country is splendid. Tho grass is higher than it has been known for many a year, and at every place ovon tho most sterile spots-tho growth is something wonderful. Tho grass neelia aro doing much mischief. . They aro moro than usually plentiful, and wo hear they aro killing largo numbers of sheep-tho mortality howevor, beiug greatest amongst lambs. Sheep which ?woro shorn at any distanco from their stations suifer dreadfully whiio travelling honiewards. Tho shearing IB completed, and every day sees largo quantities of wool passing through for market. A week or so past, five or six heavily laden waggons from Messrs. Biohard son's Murrawombie shed went through for Singleton. Tho reports to hand speak of tho get up of tho clip as cxcollont. Tho machinery latoly orcctod by Mr. Bing- ham has well answered its purpose. Tho fleece is tur nod out a beautiful white, and it is surprising if for tho futuro at tho London sales tho woll known Duck Creek brand docs not fetch lending prices. From Bourke wo learn that tho country looks magnificent. Thora is any quantity of feed ovcrywhero, and stock aro in tip top condition. Tho river is still navigable. Nearly all tho season's clip has been sent por stenmer. Tho country in tho vicinity of C innonbnr never looked better. Thu plains aro Uko English mondows, and their load of hor bngo just now looks tho real turkey carpet. Tho Lower Mncquario and Wammerawa country is looking well. Tbero is a good doal of water still on tho plains. Cattle nxn reported in lino condition, and on soveral stations tho wbolo herds aro in market condition. On tho Castlereagh, things bear nu cheerful cmiiooii no tho moat oxaotinc would wish. Tliuiu is a repart that pleuro is rather severe on tho Merri Merri, but this wants confirmation. Tho Upper Bogan nows is to tho effect that latterly tho weather hns been very variable. Ono day is uncomfortably hot, the next is cloudy nnd brings a succession of thunderstorms and rain showers. Tko third day there aro cold wintry breezes blowing. Tho country looks wo'l, nnd stook ore in a very forwnrd healthy state. From the Marra Creek wo learn that tho weather has been very warm-the glass going up to 92 in tho shade ; but the season is beautiful, and evoiything looks well. From Queensland, our accounts tell of heavy rains, but tho country is ovcrywhero finoly grassed, and stock of all kinds aro in great heart. St. George's bridgo has becu Hooded, and travelling stock prevented. Shenrincr is nrocrcssimr on tho Condnmino. hut labour is scíirco. Tlicro Í3 littlo to report in tho station market. Tho domand for good cattlo properties continues. Any such, with wotl-brcd herds and conveniently situated, aro suro to command top prices. Tho Dubbo stock items aro:-1-150 sheep (M'GuUoeh's) in chargo of Atkinson, passed on "Wednesday for Colane. They wcro purchased from Cox's Broombee stud. 300 fat cattlo (Sherwin's) from tho Molo nnssed Forbes for Melbourne, on tho 20th instant. A lot of fat cattlo (Anron's) from tho Bogan aro coining up tho river to markot, Tho destination of York and Walsh's fat cattlo has hoon changed from Melbourne to Sydney. Mr. lt. G. Goodinson (for Powers, Rutherford,- and Co. j reports salo of 1800 store wothcrs, on nccount of Morris son Brothors, of Buggabuddah ; 1700 do, on nocount of Irving Brothers ; CU0 fat sheep ; and has placed 150 store oattlo under oifcr. . Tho Brewarrina passings and movements aro :-J. and J. Doyle's 3000 fat sheep for Sydney. Ill fat shoop from Collowaroy,' in charco of owner (Mr. T. Williams, son.) for Sydnoy. 40 head fat cattlo Booka Booka, Marra Creek, for Bathurst. Tho following lots will bo shortly despntohed ; 7000 fat shcop to Dubbo, to await ordeis. 500 hoad primo cattlo (Colin M'Konzio's) from AVangan for Melbourne 400 head of splendid cattlo (Lord and M'Nevin's) nra to bo started for Molbourue, in ohargo of Gcorgo Taylor, a careful and oxporienced drover. Messrs. Holland and Proridorgrast have purchased several lots of fat cattlo on tho Unrwin for tho Melbourne market. Messrs. Brunker anil Sparke, of Maitland, report that good fattening properties, well situated, command nttontion, and can ho placed at satisfactory prices. Advices from tho interior report that ugents of mcat prcsorving companies (northwards) aro in tho locality «f tho Maoiutyro and Barwin, purchasing fat cattlo frooly nt LG os per hoad, delivered on ; tho stations. This adduces furthor proof of tho loss sustained hy proprietors of stock in tho Bottled and intermediate districts failing to avail themselves of tho undoubted advantages to bc derived from tho formation of a mcat jirosorving establishment in tho looality of Maitland. Tho trade declined to purohnso fat cattlo, having Bufliciont on hand for present requirements. Their sales compriao : On acoouut ofcMrs. . Jteynolds, 10 bullocks at Ll 11s ; and for Mr. Swain, 7 primo and woighty bullocks nt LO to L7 ; nud 0 bullocks at Lt 7s Od per Load. Wo have also cold on nccount Mr. J. M'Klhono (for Sydney) KiO head of fat bullocks at LC ls per head. Thews in no difilcultv in nlnaim; lnrgo drafts of well DI-CU caine ior delivery in tho interior nt full rates, Tho romnrka with rcfcrcuco to fat cattle aro np]>licahlo to sales of sheep. Two hundred wethers from weariss Creek, were sold nt 7s Cd ; and n small lot of exceed- ingly primo wethers, on account of J(. W, Doyle, Esq., nt lils each. An increased demand in noted for a good class of wathcrs, thoyhavo inquiries for fully 20 OOO); sold a small Hook of co.irsc-woollcd ewes nt Ss enoh ; nnd 800 inferior old owen (culls) at ils 9d each. Youug .working bullocks, quiet and in good condition, ronh'zo from LS to L10 per pair. ' "Wool : Tho latu English nows has lind no material uiRict upon tho market. At this.weok'n sales late rates have been maintained. Hides : liest heavy uro in request, mid saleable at full rates. Tallow : Notwithstanding tho advanco noted in thc London market, Micro is no improvement to noto in valuo hero ; LÜ5 to Lllti per ton aro tho highest líricos oblainablo, doliverod in Sydney. Messrs, Finlay and Co., ot Goulburn, sold last week nine hoad fat bullocks at L5 Os, and ton head young atcors taken for tho paddock, although in very good con- dition, nt L-l Os. No Bales - of store cattlo woro reported. Good Btoro bullocks aro quoted at from Ll to Ll Cs ; equal soxes ovor two, about L3 7s Od -, good steers from LS fis to L!l 10s. Good fat wether« nru reported to bo worth from Cs Cd to 7s Cd. Inquiries are numerous for Btoro sheop, bub ns many aro lame it is dilllauU to offcot Bales. Good sound sheep aro vory saleable,' particularly wathcrs. Prices quoted, 5s to rr. n,i . ? . ' Mesar». Elliot nnd Allan, of Young, report tliat good atoro sheep of fnttoning ages aro much sought after, nnd largo numbers of fattening wothors; at prices ranging from Cs to Ss Od ; owes, 3s Od to -ls Cd.- '. - "'Ono hundred nd sixty-sixuhócoup!ed"runs to let are advertised ip c Government Gazetteof Now South "Wales* hi 4 rent' of from HO «nd upwards, and in quantity as high as 60,000 acres. Moby settlers in the Riverine districts are making efforts ta burn the long crass for distances around their fences, so as to enable them to protect the fences from nn uncontrollable fire ; but they find much difficulty in J thus causing thc destruction of thc grass, in conse- quence of tho quantity of young herbage which has sprung up between thc higher sort. The lato rains will add to the difficulty of squatters In tho efforta thus made to protect the runs from tho effects of lire. The prevalent showery weather has benefited the grutiers, renewing thc supply of grass ; while all the agriculturists have every causa to be grateful, fertile crops being visiblo throughout Manaro. The fruit season has signs of healthiness, and strawberries, cherries, and gooseberries of a large size and fine flavour have been easily obtainable. Peaches will bo scarce, a late frost having nipped them. The Burrowa Advocate has been informed that an immense number of sheep have died in the district during thc past ten days. From all sides losses are' heard of, which many persons ascribe to the influence of the cold, bleak, rainy weather experienced since the termination of shearins; operations. . : As a matter of special importance to our graziers, wo may mention that, according to the latest adviges, the opinion prevails in England that the war now devastat- ing Europe will, no doubt, by rendering! food dear and scarce, give a gi eat stimulus to the safe of Australian meats. Very large quantities were coming forward, and all were likely to bo absorbed by tbo continental With regard td Jones's patent for meat-preserving,, it may be stated, that the difficulty .experienced is this :-Each separate tin bas to be connected ,by a small tubo with the vacum chamber, and this when four or five thousand tins a day have to be manipulated, would cause serious embarrassment. The news of the failure of tho samples of meat seat out to Melbourne, pre- served under Gamgee'a process, caused some concern in England, but ho does not despair of ultimate success. There is a great scaroity of men in England1 who thoroughly understand meat-preserving,'and it is noted that tho Queensland Company . have been advertising for one, and other companies find it very difficult to obtain such services. ; -. A large number of sheep, reports tho Port Denison Times, have Intely come into Leichhardt Downs from tho Gulf, in charge of Mr, Myles. Tho number was 2},000, and,tho, losses throughout from every cause have :iol 'xcceded là per cont,, a smaller avérago1 than would obtain on many stations. The . «beep! loft Flora- ville on the 20th of May last, and arrived at Leich- hardt Downs on the 1st November, having been 15G days on tho road. The route chosen by Mr. Myles was up tho Cloncurry for about 138 miles ; thence on to tho Flinders eighteen miles; thence up that river toits head 305 miles ; 'thence down the Burdekin to tho Leichhardt Downs Btation 229 miles ; in all about C82 miles. Mr. Munro, who was in oompany with Mr. Myles, speaks in tho very highest terms of the couutry over which ha has travolled, describing it as the best . that he has., ever Been fine rolling downs, with water every two or three miles. There eau be little^ doubt that if thc Government are judiciously liberal in the terms on which they offer this country it will all bo re-occupied within two or three years, nnd will form a basis for tht supply of au almost incalculable quantity of preserved meat, a Btapio of commereo whioh seems likely to attain the pre-eminence amongst . pastoral products hitherto: accorded to wool. Messrs. Towns and ' Co. aro non almost tho only remaining pastoral tenants in what.is commonly known as tho Gulf country. ¡ They have given ordors for tho immediate withdrawal ; of ull_their_ cattle, . but we aro led to. bolieve, on very good" authority, . that if the Queensland Government are ?sufficiently liberal, and sufficiently speody in their liberality, these orders will bo countermanded, and the otherwiso inevitable retardation of. tho country for sovcral years bo avoided. Tho Government cannot woll bo too liboral. It would pay better to grant leases for fourteen, or oven twenty-ouo years, at a peppercorn rent, and with ample pre-emptive rights over improvements, than to allow the country to lie wholly idle., ? ; . . I ).? Tho Warwick: Examiner says :-We have had two or thrco samples of this < years' > wheat left at our office, all ' of which are fine and plump in '".tho ' ''grain/"' and aro pronounced by tho farmers to bo as good as .that of any previous crop, . Same patches wbioh have not boon: affected by. the rust will givo a very hoavy return, and we are informed that nt Freestone Greek in one or two'places tho yield will bo forty bushels to tho nero ; but theso aro exceptional patches. Wo havo heard of several places whero the yield will bo from twenty to twonty-fivo-bushols tb the nore, but these also aro only small in extent, and cannot make up for the havoc which tho rust has caused in this crop. Altogether wo should supposo that there will bo only half tba quantity cropped that was sown. In connection with farming operations, we may mention that tho growing of oaten and lucerno hay has been gono into much more extonsivoly this ypar than previously, and thero aro abundant crops. Tho Dalby Herald ls sorry to learn that thé.grape crop has been destroyed in that neighbourhood. A few weeks ago tho vines gava promise of a most abundant yield, but latterly a blight has appeared amongst them and caused a completo failure. The vines at Jimbour head-station, which aro planted on a spur of tho rango, are stated to bo in exceliont condition, and loaded with fruit, but tho peaches, though looking well and bending down tho trees with their weight, aro infested with grubs. Tho vines at Rosalie, also on the ranges, aro a failure this 'season, oidium having got into the vine- yard. This vineyard is ono of tho boat in Queensland, and tho yield has hitherto been excellent, with little or no npponranco of blight. This year tho loss from flin mMim.i in nntinrntnil nt Oil nf.r rnnl. From tv resume of tho reports of sates at tho "Willow Troo Salo yards, Orango, by Mr. G. H. AVoolley, it appears, that in that great agricultural district, superior draught horses are always greatly in demand. Tho prices by Mr Woolloy's roport range from £1-1 to £18 for primo_ draught; inferior, being £(i to £10. Tho following hints, which seem to be given in a bona fido spirit, may prove useful to graziers :-It is a mistaken ¡dca, soys Mr. "Woolloy, cattle breeders push- ing their cattle through to Bathurst, thereby incurring extra expense and loss of time, when tho mnrkot in Orange, if not superior, is quito equnl to that of Bathurst. I sold a small mob of cnttlo from tho Lachlan a few days ago, brought down by Mr. I M'Donnell, and tho prices realised surprised all present, and proved greatly to tho satisfaction of tho vendor. "When our butchers or farmers want cattle <jf any kind they aro compelled to go to Bathurst, at great oxponso I and loss of timo, and if they givo £4 por head in Bathurst thoy could bettor afford to givo £-1 Cs at their own door. And again, it would be a saving of 5s per head to tho vendor, that being equal to £4 10s in Orango against £4 in Bathurst. Oattlo invariably soil woll iu Orange, as there is always so great a demand. Tho Forbes Times reports that tho Christmas holiday has interforod with business. Tho recorded stock itoms aro as follows :-30th December, 1000 head of storo cattle (Mr. Moor), from Camden passed down tho river to tho owner's Btation, near Booligal, reported inferior. A mob of primo bullooks (Mr. A. Stoke's), from Gulgul to mix with another lot now on hand destined for tho Melbourno market. A mob of C00O sheen, at present near Forbes and travelling southwards, are roportcd good. Attention has been dirootod in the Macleay dis- trict to tho cificaoy af soaking seed wheat in Bea water for twonty-four hours previous to plantingj as a preventivo from rust. It is said that tho experiment succeeded on tho Clarence. Tho Maitland Morcur/ sneaks despondingly of tho fruit season of 1870-71. It has boen distinguished for nn extraordinary poverty in tho yio!d_ of fruit ; stone fruit haB boon poor in quality and deficient in quantity, and tho samo is to bo said of all other descriptions, oxcept perhaps, grapes, which seem a little backward. Tho failuro of tho crcp is evidently tho effect of tho season. Tlicro is a no w gardon -Mr. Compton's, .on tho, .Hunter, beyond Oakhampton-wboro tho trees havo only been six years in tho ground, and last year wero loaded with fruit ; thia year tho poaches may bo counted, and so with all tho rest, except nectarines. Tho grapes only givo promiso of a good yield. Older gardens havo fared no hotter, and consequently tho writer expects that thoy will havo to look to importa- tions for tho supplies ol fruit which aie sought for nt The Macleay Herald in noticing Mr. Yorgo's Sugar Mill states that thu proprietor who soinowhnt varied tho process of manufacture, is now succccdine: admirably.' Ho Ands it profitable to boil juico whioh only marks six, and has already turned out moro that ten tons this season. Tho other nulls, at Gladstono and Frcdickton aro also turning out sugar in payable quantities. ^Tho Manning River Nows is glad to hear that tho Kimbiicki Mills aro rapidly approaching completion, and that crushing operations will bo commenced early in January. Tho people in that "neighbourhood aro von- hopeful, and wo sincerely trust their expectations will bo fully realized ; tho mill is certainly a splendid ono, timi no tróublo or expense has been spared in adapting it tn tho requirements of neighbouring plan- ters. From tho other mills upon that part of tho river, wo havo no precise information lately, but wo boliovo both tho proprietors havo been turning out good Bamples of sugar in payable quantities. Mr. Poolo has boon ? tiuuiuwuiiG moro succcssiui nc Tinonee ol into I soma of tho growers satisfied-but complaints aro Btill I very common that thora is neither market nor monns of manufacturo for n great deal of cano which tho growors consider worth orusbing. For tho last thrco wooks tho weather at Blayney has been ns finóos could bo desired for tho saving or hay cmps, and tho shearing. But on tho 38th instant, ¡thora was a refreshing thundor shower, and appearances indicated nearuoss of. rain. Shearing ÍB being nearly c'onoluded, and wool growers estimatoAttt thc clip will fully- average 'thrco-pounds' around of wool, got up in excellent condition. 