"PROFESSIONALS" ABROAD. [From the Cornhill Magazine.] It was not till after the discovery of gold in Aus- tralia in 1851 that artistes (we must allow them that barbarous name) of any eminence thought it worth while to go to the antipodes to display their genius or profit by their accomplishments. Before that event, a few had made their way to California, but a popular favourite who had been lucky enough to make a little fortune in the valley of the Sacramento, did not dream of going to Botany Bay to spend it. When, however, shortly after the Californian dis- covery, news reached St. Francisco that the precious metal had also been found in New South Wales, back rushed the thousands of Australians to the more genial clime they had deserted. Then came a great time for small performers, many of whom would never have been performers at all but for the greatness of the time. The diggers, intoxicated at suddenly find- ing themselves in the possession of immense wealth, sought refuge from their own madness in every possible variety of amusement, recreation, dissipation. The parents of young women who had hitherto fol- lowed the usual occupation of bonnet-making, all at once discovered that their daughters had fine voices, quiet shopmen, members of serious families, suddenly developed an inimitable talent for comic singing ; fifth-rate opera-singers, deserters perhaps from a Mauritius or Batavian troupe, were delighted, if not always astonished, to find themselves stars of the first magnitude. No charge was made for admission to the singing-saloons at which these people appeared, the profits on the drink consumed by the diggers and their friends being so large that the proprietor could afford to pay his performers enormous salaries. And besides what they were paid by their employers, favourites—and everybody has his or her admirers— would frequently receive valuable presents from the diggers, for in that golden time nuggets were more plentiful than bouquets. But by-and-by, really good artistes, such as Catherine Hayes, and Miska Hauser, the Hungarian violinist, visited Australia, and made money , and soon a popular manager went to Europe, and returned not only with some good porformers, but with an iron theatre for them to appear in. From that time Australia has been a profitable field for such adventure ; and it is principally from that con- tinent, not from Europe, that the East receives its supplies of musical, dramatic, and other travelling troupes, so that at the present moment there is hardly a settled Eastern port, or a place at which a company of British soldiers has been stationed, that has not been entertained at some time or another by these wanderers. What becomes of them at last is an obscure question. Of those I have met some have passed away to other places, some to another world. These companies are often disorganised and re-organised. A few successful men and women have retired on their gains and their laurels ; some, not so successful, but more ambitious, perhaps, have returned to Europe, content to stand and wait at the great banquet of art, rather than to prosper for an hour in some distant settlement in Asia ; while others, finding how good is buying and selling, have settled down to shop-keeping, auctioneering, or some other useful occupation. One of their most strik- ing characteristics is, that they do not confine them- selves to the highways of the world, as one would think travellers with amusement would, but roam into all sorts of by-paths, as if they only travelled for amusement. They are by no means always content with keeping to the seaboard, and stopping at the principal ports, but roam far away in the interior, where one would think they would find no- thing more profitable than experience of the inconveniences of travel. I myself have met them picknicking on the top of Pedro-Talla-Galla ; drawing sweepstakes in the Happy Valley at Hong Kong ; dancing at the Queen's Birthday ball in Adelaide, and with lunatics at the Yarra Bend Asylum near Melbourne ; taming horses a la Rarey and taking re- storative drams afterwards at Colombo ; lecturing on electro- biology to New Zealand gold-diggers at Dundedin ; amusing his Siamese Majesty with per- forming dogs and monkeys at Bangkok ; playing violin variations on " Taza ba taza" in the John Lawrence Hall at Lahore, and Gounod's "Medi- tation on Bach's First Prelude" in the Masonic Hall at Kurrachee ; taking a constitutional on the Bund at Shanghai; gathering ferns on Mount Wellington in Tasmania ; celebrating the doparture of a lucky spectator in Back Bay shares in Bom- bay ; camping out in the Karroo at the Cape; trying their voices in the Taj Mahal at Agra ; drinking whisky-punch by a large wood fire on the banks of the Indus by moonlight ; smoking jumpauns in Camoens' gardon at Macao ; bargaining with silk-workers in Peshawur, shawl-dealers in Loodiana, and ivory-painters in the Chundny Chowk at Delhi ; enjoying the dolee far niente in the Sand- wich Islands ; dining with Spanish priests at Manilla, and with Swedenborgians at Graaf Reinet ; eating mangosteens in Penang, and game-pies at Tien-tsin ; feeding the sacred crocodiles at Muggar Poor in hot and sandy Scinde ; chatting with the missionaries and their wives at Foo-chow-foo ; boating in the delightful harbour of Port Jackson ; curio-hunting in Yokohama ; contemplating Napoleon's Tomb at St. Helena; conjuring for the amusement of the enthusiastic merchants of Batavia ; dancing what is called the silver-belt jig, with the ther- mometer at about 100 degrees Fahronheit, at Singapore ; trying to preserve their vivacity by drinking absinthe among the savages of New Caledonia. In short, wherever I have been east of the Cape of Good Hope, I have met some kind of professionals either sojourning, or en route, voyaging at sea in large ships or small, or travelling on land by railroad and dak gharee, on horseback, in jampauns, dandy, dhoolie, palankeen, and sedan-chair ; in buggy, tent-cart, stage-coach, and omnibus ; by bullock-train and mule-waggon, and even on the back of commis- sariat elephants. It is not to be supposed, however, that theirs is a careless and quite charming life. On the contrary, these roaming ministers of pleasure have many weary days, many profitless journeys, many long disap- pointments ; and there are certain dangers in their roving too. Several years ago, in Shanghai, I saw an American conjuror performing his tricks close to the cemetery, in the middle of the cholera season, when the man you met at breakfast was sometimes under ground before dinner. At Nagasaki, about the same time, when the residents on going to bed were not at all sure they would not be murdered before morning, the only European lady in the settlement was a vocalist. Two years ago, in the Cape Colony, two of the brethren, who professed to have crossed several oceans in their desire to gratify a Cape audience, were drowned in crossing one of the numerous bridgeless rivers in that colony ; and about the same time, in the Orange Free State, during the war between the republicans and the Basutos, an English concert-company had a narrow escape of being massacred by the Kaffirs. At the last rebellion in Burmah, when the British Com- missioner and the residents retired from Mandelay, the only Englishman who remained with the rebels was an actor. A few years before, this same man, having shot a native whom he had discovered intriguing with his wife, was tried for his life in Bombay, and being acquitted, played "Claude Melnotte" the same evening, in a house crowded to the ceiling. Once at Agra, when the cholera was decimating the garrison, a travelling circus company was engaged by the commandant to assist in cheering the spirits of the troops; and, accordingly, the riders, acrobats, and clowns continued their dance of death as long as a sufficient number of them survived to give a tolerable performance. When, after the storm- of Kagosima, the allied fleet under Admiral Kuper returned to Yokohama, there entered the harbour a few hours afterwards a musical company, which had been caught in the typhoon on the edge of which the attack was made, and in which many vessels went down. In the height of the last fever at the Mauritius, the theatre at Port Louis was occupied on alternate nights by a French operatic and a dramatic company, when mourning was almost the only wear, and when the private boxes were engaged several days in advanco, because from them visitors could see without being seen. In the accounts of the bush-fires in the Cape Colony last year, some poor harpers were said to have been amongst the sufferers. I recall many similar disasters, and more than one instance of death or disappearance in far distant, half-barbarous lands. Mere unhealthiness of climate is little considered ; unhealthy climates generally pay, if you can live in them. In some this is not an easy business. A French impresario was taking out to New Orleans an opera company, which by special agreement was only to include one tenor. Foreigners are usually bad sailors, and for the first few days all the mem- bers of the company were sea-sick, one of the effects of which malady is that it weakens the voice so much that people are frequently hoarse for several days after their recovery. Accordingly, as soon as the singers could crawl on deck, they commenced to try their voices, and amongst them the tenor, who, always anxious to occupy a distinguished position, went on the bridge of the steamer for the purpose. What was his sur- prise on hearing an echo of his own voice—another tenor. His amazement became disgust when he heard a third tenor running up the scale, a fourth, a fifth. He looked forward, and saw two men eyeing him and each other with intense hatred ; he looked aft, and saw two men similarly occupied. the five tenors simultaneously made a rush below to the manager's cabin, and demanded whether he had not expressly stipulated to each of them that he was to be his only tenor. "I know, I know," replied the manager ; " and I will keep my word. You see, none of you have been to New Orleans before, or ytou would understand. When we arrive there, the yellow fever is sure to be raging, and as you are fresh from Europe, two of you will probably be carried off before you land, and two more during the rehearsals. One will probably survive ; he will be my first and only tenor." Perhaps the most curious fate that ever overtook a company was that which befel a small theatrical troupe which arrived at Hong Kong from California in the winter of 1863, consisting of an actor, two actresses, and a little female dancer. One of the actresses died of cholera in Shanghai ; the other died in a cab on her way to the hospital at Rangoon ; the solitary actor joined the Tasping rebels at Amoy and had his head cut off by his own party on suspicion of treachery ; and la poste Cerito, as she was called, was placed in a convent at Moul- mein ; which some people will perhaps consider the worst fate of all. Perhaps it is a knowledge of the encouragement usually accorded to musical entertainments in the Far East that induces so many clever instrumentalists to try their fortune single-handed in those remote countries. A solitary musician may frequently be met with, and doing well ; a solitary actor hardly ever, and then doing badly. At Hong Kong, a lecturer announced a magic-lantern entertainment in the mat theatre there. He never got beyond his opening sen- tence, which was as follows : "Ladies and gentlemen, —The world is divided into four quarters—Europe, Asia, Africa, and America." The novelty and sudden- ness of this intelligence had such a peculiar effect upon the audience, that a tremendous roar of laughter was followed by a unanimous rush to the doors. The musician is more fortunate there. Twenty years ago, some "pupil of the immortal Paganini" had only to start off for India with his fiddle, and after making himself known, his only difficulty was in deciding whose hospitality he should accept. But times change. A railway connects the new and ancient capitals of India ; English society has ceased to be an exclusive corporation ; interlopers abound , and officers' and civilians' wives no longer care to accompany a roving fiddler or display their vocal talent before a mixed audience. Even now, however, solitary musicians do manage to make the tour of India. Not long since I met an oboe- player at Peshawur, nearly 1,600 miles from Cal- cutta. In China I came across another wanderer who could not even play the oboe or any other instrument; his entire stock-in-trade consisted of a coarse bass voice, great assurance, and a variety of expedients for inducing a first belief that he had a good voice, such as testing the acoustic properties of a room by bel- lowing in the four corners of it, suggesting the erection of a sounding board, etc. But he never could persuade people to go and hear him a second time. This was a serious obstacle to his success. To overcome it, the eccentric basso, at every place he visited, announced a series of four concerts, the tickets for the series being at a considerably re- duced price. By this plan he generally obtained a handsome sum at starting ; but this was not the only gratifying result ; he never had to exert himself twice for the money. Two or three loungers would drop in on the second night, to whom the un- fortunate vocalist would gracefully advance and after dilating upon the absence of musical taste amongst the English generally, would conclude by suggest- ing that his audience of three had better come and have a cigar. To the third concert no- body at all went, not even the basso himself. Adventurers, however, like these are happily the exception. Artists who have been extolled in the feuilletons of the Paris press, and who have been listened to with breathless attention in German and Russian salons, occasionally go on oriental tours. Moreover ability and reputation do not alone suffice to equip such adventurers in the East. They must possess other recommendations—recommendations which they may once have had, but which, through no fault of their own, they may possess no longer. One of these indispensable requisites is youth. On the stage of large European theatres a woman of sixty can often make herself look like a woman of thirty, and off the stage few people ever see her at all ; but in Eastern assembly-rooms the orchestra and the auditory are frequently so close together that the visitors can shake hands with the performers, and you are con- tinually meeting the latter at their hotel or in society. But if old or even middle-aged ladies are not wel- comed enthusiastically, young ladies are received with open arms. With the exception of one troupe of Ethiopian minstrels, who enjoyed a special advantage of another kind, I never knew a company to make money in the East that did not include one or two young female performers. The difficulty, however, with respect to ladies is not so much in the en- gaging as in the keeping of them. A manager may start on a tour with a perfect company; but at the first place he visits his principal female performer marries, and ruin stares him in the face. To avoid such a catastrophe, managers try to engage married couples, although the lady generally continues to ap- pear as Miss, or Mademoiselle ; she is thought to " draw" better as a single person. But the manager is then liable to an inconvenience of an opposite character; instead of suffering from a diminution in his forces, his business is brought to a standstill in con- sequence of an increase. The "severe indisposition" of a female performer is frequently a much more serious affliction for the unfortunate manager than for the lady herself. It is difficult to re- place an artiste in these distant countries ; and the knowledge of this fact not seldom renders "professionals," especially ladies, still more arrogant and impracticable then they are at home. But, in truth, the life of a roving manager is a succes- sion of difficulties and anxieties. THE CLIMATE OF CALIFORNA.—A "digger" from California, eulogising the climate of the country says: "There's a mountain there—the Sawyer Nava- day they call it—with a valley on each side of it— the one hot and t'other cold. Well! Git on the top of that mountain with a double-barrelled gun, and you can, without movin', kill either summer or winter game, jest as you will." "What! have tyou ever tried it?" "Tried it! often—and should have done pretty well but for one thing." "Well, what was that?" "I wanted a dog that would stand both climates. The last dog I had froze off his tail while pintin' on the summer side. He didn't get entirely out of the winter side, you see." 