CURRENT TOPICS. The boy Spero, who was lately eo strangely lost in the bush near Scarsdale, has not been found, though every exertion has been made to recoTer him. A nugget weighing sixty-one ounces, has been picked up in Christinas Gully, Berlin. A large snake was found the other day, coiled up on the breast of a sleeping baby, in a farm-house on the Loddon. The mother had only gone out for a few moments to the harvest field. The export of wheat from Adelaide for London is now going on briskly. The . rate of freight is Is 7|d per bushel. A 6trange fish, something like a sun-fish, has been harpooned by a fisherman of Ilobarton, near Trumpeter Bay. It is 8ft. in length, and measures from the extremity of one posterior fin, or fluke as the fisher man call it, to that of the other, 9ft. It is 3ft. across the head under the eve, and 5in. across the/mouth, with no tee'th. It is a flat discoid fish, the dorsal and posterior fins (being united to a deep caudal fin. of which' they seem. to be two wing- like points. \- '.The remains of a hawker named Allen have been found in the gcrab at Jerusalem, in Richmond District, Tasmania. The head was severed from the body. The deceased had been missing for eight years, and it is supposed that "he had been murdered and robbed. He was last seen walking towards the house of an old acquaintance where he proposed to pass the night, near where the body waB found. There were no fewer than 503 prisoners in Melbourne gaol on Saturday last-the largest number ever within the walls atone time. \- A salmon trout, and a fish 4^Ibs weight, supposed to be a grilse, hare been caught in the river Derwent, near the mouth of the Plenty.' About £11,000 was paid into the Trea sury at Melbourne on Saturday morning, for! beer and publican's licenses, squatting Ten's,-and fees. Iiain8 of a heavy character occurred in Riverina last week--just in time to put oat a number of bush-fires that threatened danger. A'hush-fire at Broom Hut, near Avoca, took place last week, and was not extin guished before some twenty or thirty acres of grass were destroyed. Dealers in produce will scarcely require to > be reminded that the cental system comes into operation to-day. , Telegraphic communication with Sydney was interrupted during the severe weather which prevailed on Saturday. A nugget of 54 ozs has been obtained from the claim of the Golden Lake Com pany, Homebusb, Avoca. Eleven ounce* of: coarse.gold were found beside it. Two men, named Richards and Hoblyn, have been ^killed in the Park Com pan v'a claim,] Ballarat, by the sudden influx of sand into a jump-up in which they were working., Mr Josiah Frencham, who has been con nected with the practical department of newspaper work in Melbourne for the last twenty-seven years-first on the Port Phillip G*zette, next "on the Argils, and latterly on the Age, died last week, after 4 long illness. The case of _ Anne William?, the p&ra; lytic wpmaa in . Melbourne Benevolent Asylum, who lately had a child to a nearly blind black man, is the third of the kind that has occuared in that institution. A boy named Carson, the son of a farmer near Terang, has been drowned while bathing in a water-hole, through fright at seeing a snake. A gentleman named Muddle has been appointed Deputy-Registrar-General for. ?New South Wales. This is ominous ! A squall which paseed over Bowman*s Forest on the 17th instant, cleared a mile in length and two hundred yards in width. Neither tree nor bush was left standing. The hop-grounds at New Norfolk, in 1 asmania, are reported as offering a most promising crop, though the spider pest has made its appearance. Every day brings forth a variety of elec tion reports, more or less reliable. The Age : states, but we donot know on what authority, that Mr Co'incillor Hopton will tea can didate for West Geelong. Mr R. S. Tuffs, surveyor, South Barwon, intends to offer himself for South Grant. Mr Joseph Copeland will present himself for Ballarat West, and Mr James Laidlaw for Gren ville. -Mr Gaunson, solicitor (and a brother-in-law of Mr J. M. Grant}, throws down the gauntlet to Mr Macpherson in Dundas and Follett. Mr Richardson is resolved to make an earnest fight for Cres wick, for which constituency "Mr Macfar land, a barrister, will also stand. Mr M'Dowall, of Ballarat, goes in for Gren ville. Sir John Pearce of Tarnagulla, looks to Maryborough. Mr W. Peterson, u Queen's'ree'> Melbourne, will be among the dozen for Ca9tlemaine; and Mr Thompson, of Collins-street, will again woo the constituency in Evelyn. Mr Henri J. Hart seeks for the confidence of the voters of South Gipps Land. Mr E. Harrison, a journalist, will contest Mandurang. 