CURRENT TOPICS. I A smallbush-fire was visible from Win chelsea on Saturday, in the direction of Mount Hesse. On Thursday evening a lecture was delivered at Port&rlington;, on the present state of the Board of Agricmlture and of the Agricultural Association of the district. Mr Calhoun offered his large new store for the meeting, but as the very threatening state of the weather caused a limited attend ance, the lecture was given in the large room of the hotel. Mr Dickinson, the lecturer, stated that an erroneous opinion prevailed that the Government had sud denly, and without just cause, withdrawn the grant of £6000 per annum from the board, that one of the objects of the lecture was to explain the true state of the matter; that the board had notice five years ago that great dissatisfaction was expressed that no correspondiag beneficial results arose from the manner in which this amount had been distributed since the time it was first granted; and that as the Board, year after year, manifested no intention of adopting an improved system, the grant was last year withdrawn. Never theless, it was with the express understand ing that as soon as Ministers were satisfied, by the adoption of a more rational code of regulations, which will assure the objects for which the aid is granted, Government will continue the support hitherto afforded. When speaking of the Geelong Agricul tural and Horticultural Association, the lecturer instanced it as a striking instance ot the effects of mismanagement, for in a district containing at least 6000 husband men it did not now muster 100 members. Even amongst this number so much supineness existed that it was difficult to muster a proper number of officers. In fact, the association might be considered defunct, for were it not for a few |horti culturists in the neighbourhood of Geelong it would be quite extinct. He enlarged npon the errors [that had crept into the management, which he classed under twelve heads, suggesting means of over coming them under each. The lecturer ended by suggesting a list of important farm duties for which prizes' ought to be given, Mr Colia Campbell has delivered a lec ture at Ararat on "New Lights, or Science to the Gospel." The new mining regulations are con demned by the Kyneton Guardian as being in some respects remarkable, and in others " a mockery." ' A. M. Browne, of the firm of Hender son and Browne, coach-builders, Ballarat, has been apprehended, charged with com- mitting a number of forgeries, by cheques and bills. The collector of Ballarat Hospital, Mr J. Moore, has been found deficient in his accounts to the extent of £297 for the year 1870, and of £320 for 1869. A warrant has been issued for his apprehension on a charge of larceny as a bailee. At Ararat last week the ^thermometer ranged from 84 ° to 126 ° in the sun. A boy has been drowned at Portland, while fishing from the jetty. He was be- tween eleven and twelve years of age, and the son of a widow, whose husband was accidentally killed six or seven years ago. Horseflies have made their appearance in great numbers in the Ararat district, and have been very troublesome to the carters, as well as to horses and cattle. A little girl of five or six years of age, named Kewley, has been drowned in an abandoned shaft at Taradale diggings, when carrying a message from her mother to a neighbour living half-a-mile away. The schedules of insolvents are finding their way into Court in considerable num- bers, the nearness of the day for the coming into force of the new Act having appa rently operated strongly on the feare of insolvent traders. Upwards of 100 have been signed in Melbourne within the last lew days. It is calculated that in the greater number of the estates lately sent in 5s per £1 will be the average of the assets, even as set forth to the best advantage by the debtors. The use of the steamship Alhambra has been offered by Messrs M'Meckan, Black wood, and Co. to the managers of the Ladies' Benevolent Society, for a pleasure trip down Hobson's Bay. The residence of Miss Cooper, a dress- maker, in Bull-street, Sandhurst, has been accidentally burned down. Miss Cooper was ill in bed at the time, and she narrowly escaped being burned to death ai she lay. Only a very small portion of the stock was saved. Mr Higinbotham, C.B., has been inspect ing the water-works, from Malmsbuiy northwards. He was in Castleaiaine on Friday. A reward of £50 is offered by the Government for the discovery ot the per som who, on the 26th ultimo, set fire to the shop of Margaret Boyce, a milliner, in St. Kilda, which was totally destroyed. Mr William MacEachern, Dartmoor, has been appointed a justice of pcace in anil for the general sessions of Portland. We learn by' telegram that a racehorse known as Chevalier, ha* been poisoned at Brisbane with strychnine, at the instance, it is said, of a sporting publican there. A conference is to bo held at Carisbrook, on the subject of the proposed railway between Castlemaine and Maryborough, and the direction it should take. A farm labourer named Greening has been drowned in the river Loddon, at Ed- dington, whilst bathing. A young married woman, named Buzza, has disappeared from Sandhurst, and in formation has been given to the police. She is only twenty years of age, small, and pretty, and has left a child only three months old. - It is supposed that her mind has become unsound. Information has reached the police which is likcly to clear up the mystery of the Egerton Bank robbery. The stoppage of the Central Mine, near Malmsbury, is reported. This was one of Mr Kitto's ventures, and is supported almost entirely by English capital, over £50,000 having been invested in the development of the alluvial at Malmsbury, aad a quartz reef at Fryerstown. At Wangaratta Races on Friday the District Handicap was won by Huntsman, the Selling Stakes by Figaro, the All-aged Stakes by Valentine, the Smoking Bace by Ben Lomond, the Racing Club Handicap by Abdslla, and the Consolation Stakes by Salsdin. Arrangemsnts have been made by Messrs Lyster and Smith with Signot Pompci, for the appearance, of the new opera company, expected in May, at the Princes#' Theatre, which they hold oa lease tVurce years. It is stated that the new lOi . will be strengthened by several company .. present opera company, members of- the t. ' -*nce this cven who giTe their last perform.. . <v,f the ing, at the Princess' Theatre, - benefit of Mr John Smith. . A Chinese thief was cleverly caught on Thursday morning early, in & right-of- way off Little Collins-street. He was seen in the act of leaving the establishment of Messrs Bowden Brothers, plumbers, -with ! his baskets fall of plunder, by the fireman who was on watch at the fire-tower, and who. succeeded in arresting the attention of a constable who was passing in time to Becore the capture of the thief. The removal of the body of the late Mr Egan, Postmaster-General of New Sonth Wales, from s Roman Catholic consecrated portion of . a cemetery near Sydney, has created great sensation there. It now ap pears, also, that the remains of the late Mr Dennehy, long known as a political writer, have similarly been removed. It is stated that the order for the removal of Mr Egan's body were given by a Roman Catholic clergyman on the ground that, though he had received a public funeral, and the Bishop's carriage, followed the remains to the grave, it had afterwards been discovered that he bad lived an im- moral life. What is alleged against Mr Dcnnehy's reputation while living is not stated. We have already mentioned the occur rence of a singular suicide—that of Arthur Hicks, a farmer of Phillip Island, in the Survey Paddock, Melbourne. A letter found in his pocket threw the blame upon his wife. At the coroner's inquest it was elicited from Maria Hicks that she had been married to the deceased (who forty years of age), only on the 23rd inst., at the Moorabool Viaduct. In conse- quence of what occurred that day, witness declined to live with him. He threatened to kill witness if she did not live with him. He was not in the habit of drinking, to her knowledge. Deceased, the day after mar- riage, asked her to go to Phillip Island, but she refused. Thought, from his manner that he would kill witness. After the marriage ceremony deceased became low- spirited, and his manner changed very much. Dr. Pike deposed that he made a post mortem examination of the body. The deceased was impotent, and it ap- peared to him, from the evidence of the widow, that the misfortune had preyed upon his mind, and caused him to commit suicide. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased committed suicide by hanging himself, while in an unsound state of mind. 