HOW MARY HAWKER SAID " YES." It was ono evening during the next spring, and the game of whist was over for the night. Tho servant had just brought in tumblers, with a view to whiskey and water before bed. I was preparing to pay fourteen shillings to Mrs. Buckley, Band was rather nervous about meeting my partner, the Major's eye, when he, tapping tho table with his hand, spoke " Themost childish play, Hamlyn ; the most childish play." . ' I don't defend the last game," I said. " I thought you were short of diamonds- at least I calculated on tho chance of your being so, having soven myself. But please to remember, Major, that you yourself lost two tricks in hearts, in tho first game of the second rubber." " And why, sir ?" said tho Major. " Tell me that, sir. Because you confused me by leading queen, when you had ace, king, queon. Tho most utterly schoolboy play. I wouldn't have done such a thing at Eton." '* I had a flush of thom," I said eagerly. " AndrI meant to lead ace, and then get trumps out. But I put down queen by mistake." "You can make what excuse you like, Hamlyn," said the Major. "But the fact remains tho same. There is one great fault in your character, tho greatest fault I know of, and which you ought to study to oor reot. I tell you of it boldly, ns an old friend. You are too confoundedly chary ia leading out your trumps, and you oan't deny it." " Hallo !" said Captain Brentwood, " who comes so late?" ? ? Mary Hawker rose from her ohair. and looked eagerly towards the door. " I know who it is," she said, blush ing. " I heard him laughing." In another moment the door was thrown open, and in stalked Tom Troubridge. " By George !" he said. " Don't all speak to me at once. I feel the queerest wambling in my innards, as we used to say in Devon, at the sight of so many old faces. Somehow, a man can't make a new home in a hurry. It's the people make the homo, not the house and the furniture. My dear old cousin, and how are you?" "I am very quiet. Tom, I am much happier than I thought to havo been. And I am deeply thankf ul to see you again." " How is my boy, Tom ?" said the Major. " And how is my girl, Tom ?" said tho Captain. "Sam," said Tom, "is a sight worth a guinea, and Mrs. Samuel looks charming, but- In point of fact, you know, I believe sho expects-" " No !" said the Captain. " You don't Bay BO?" "Fact, my dear sir." "Dear me," said tho Major, drumming on the table. " I hope it will be a b-, By-the-bye, how go the sheep ?" "You never;saw suoh a country, sir," said Tom. " "Wo have got nearly five thousand on each run, and there is no ono-crowding up yet. If wo can hold that ground with our produce, and such store-sheep as we can pick up, wo shall do wonders." By this time Tom was at supper, and between the business of satisfying a hunger of fifteen hours, began asking after old friends. " How are the Mayfords ?" he asked. " Poor Mrs. Mayford is better," said Mrs. Buckley. "She and Ellen are just starting for Europe. They have sold their station and we have bought it." " What are they going to do in England?" asked Tom. " Going to live with their relations in Hampshire." " Ellon will bo a fine match for some young English squire," said Tom. ".She will havo twenty thousand pounds some day, I suppose" And then wo went on talking about other matters. A little scene took placo in tho garden- next morn ing, which may astonish some of my readers, but which did not surprise" me in the least. I knew it would happen, sooner or later, and when I saw Tom's air, on his arrival the night before, I Baid to myself " It is coming," and so sure enough it did. And I got all the circumstances out of Tom only a few days after wards. Mary Hawker was now a very handsome woman, about one and forty. There may have been a grey hair here and there among her long black tresses, but they were few and far between. I used to watch her some times of an evening, and wonder to myself how she had come through suoh troubles, and lived ; and yet thero she was on the night, when Tom arrived, for instance, Bitting quito calm and cheerful beside the fire in her half-mourning (she hod soon dropped her weeds, perhaps, considering who her husband had been, a piece of good tasto), with quite a plaoid, contented, look on her fine black eyes. I think no one was capable of feeling deeper for a time, but her power of resistence was marvellous. I have noticed that before. ' It may, God forgive me, have given me some slight feeling of contempt for .her, because, forsooth, she did not brood over atíd nurse an old grief as I did myselfv I am no! the man to judge her. When I look back on my owr wasted life ; when I see how for one boyish fancy I eui myself off,from all the ties of domestic life, to hold m; selfish way. alone, I sometimes think that she hai shown herself a better woman than I have a man. Ah well, old sweet-heart, not much to' boast of, . either o: us. Let us get on. She was walking in the garden next morning, anç Tom came and walked beside hor ; and after a little he said : " So you are pretty well contented, cousin ?" " I am as well content," she said, " as a poor, .desolate, old childless widow could hope to be. There is no happiness left for me in this life !" "Who told you that?" said Tom. "Who told you that the next - twenty years of your life might not be happier than any that have gone before ?" " How could that be ?" she asked. " What is left for me now, but to go quietly to my grave ?" "Gravo!" said Tom. ""Who talks of graves for twenty years to come? Mary, my darling, I have waited for you BO long and faithfully, you wiíl not dis appoint me at last ?" " What do you mean ? What can you mean ?" "Mean!" said he; "why, I mean this, cousin: 1 mean you to be my wife-to come and live with mo as my honoured wife, for the next thirty years, please God!" "You are mad!" she.said. "Do you know whai you say? Do you know who you are speaking to?" "To my old sweetheart, Polly Thornton !" he said, with a laugh-"to no one else in the world." " You are wrong," she said ; " you may try to forgei now, but you will remember afterwards. I am not Marj Thornton. I am an old broken woman, whoso husband was transported for coining, and hung for murder, anc worse !" "Peace be with him !" said Tom, " I am not askin( who your husband was ; I have had twenty years te think about that, and at the end of twenty years, ] say, my dear old sweetheart, you are free at last will you marry mo "' "Impossible !" said Mary. "All tho country-side knows who I am. Think of the eternal disgrace thai clings to me. Oh, never, never !" " Then you have no objection to me? eh, cousin ?" " To you, my kind, noble old partner ! Ah,' I love and honour you above all men !" "Then," said Tom, putting his arm round hoi waist, " to the devil with all the nonsense you have just been talking, about eternal disgraces and so forth1 I am an honest man and you're an honest woman, and therefore, no impediment can there be ? Come, Mary it's no use resisting ; my mind is made up, and yoi must !" "Oh, think!" sho said; "oh, think only Once before it is too late for over !" " I have thought," said Tom, " as I told you before for twenty years ; and I ain't likely to alter my opinioi in ten minutes. Come, Mary, Say, yes !" And so she said yes. " Mrs. Buckley," said Tom, as they came up arm ii arm to the house, " it will be a good thing if somebod; was to go up to our place, and nurse Mrs. Sam in'he; confinement." " I shall go up myself," said Mrs. Buckley, "thougl how I am to get there I hardly know. It must be nearJ; eight hundred miles, I am afraid." " I don't think you need, my dear madam," sail he. " My wife will make aa excellent nurse !" . "Your wife?" Tom looked at Mary, who blushed, and Mrs. Buok ley came up and kissed her. " I am so glad, so very glad, my love !" she Baid "The very happiest and wisest thing that could be I have been hoping for it, my. love, and IfeltiBuroit would be so sooner or later. How glad your'dear aunt would be if she were alive ?" And, in short, he took her off with him, and thoy were married, and went up to join Sam and his wife in New England-reducing our party to four. Not very long after they were gone, we' heard that there was a new Sam Buckley born, who promised, said the wise woman, to bo as big a man as his father. Then, at an interval, of very little more than two years, Mrs. Buckley got a long letter from Alico, announcing the birth of a little girl to the Troubridges, This letter is still extant, and in my possession, having been lent me, among other family papers by Agnes Buckley, ns soon as she heard that I was bent upon correcting those memoirs to fit them for the press. I will give you some extracts from it : . . . " Dear Mary Troubridge bas got a little girl, a sweet, quiet, brightoyed little thing, taking, I imagino, after old Mrs. Thornton. They aro going to call it Agnes Alice, after you and I, my, dearest I mother. " You cannot imagine how different Mary is grown from what she used to be ! Stout, merry, and matronly. never knew a couple moro sincerely attached than she and her husbálSl. He is a most excellent companion for my Sam. Not to make matters too long, we aro just about as happy as four people can'bo. Some day we may all como to live together again, and then our delight will be perfect. " I got Jim's letter which you sent mo , . . Sam and his partner aro embarking evory sixpence they can spare in buying town and suburban lots at Melbourne. I know every street and alley ' in that wonderful city (containing near a hundred houses) on the map, but I am not very likely to go there ovor. Let us hopo that Sam's speculations w'ill turn out profitable. " Best love to Mr. Hamlyn." .... I must make a noto to this letter. Alice refers to a letter received from Jim, which, as near as I can make tho dates agreo, must be tho ono. I hold in my hand at this moment. I am not sure, but I think so. This one runs " Dear Dad ... I have been down among tho dead men,' and since then up into tho seventh heavens, in consequence of being not only^ gazetted, but pro moted. Tho beggars very nearly did for us» All our fortifications, tho prettiest things over done under the circumstances, executed under Bobby's own oyo, were thrown down by-what do you think ?-au earthquake 1 Perhaps wo didn't swear- Lord forgive us ! Akbar had a shy at us immediately, but got a most immortal licking! " Is not this a most wonderful thing about Halbert ? The girl that ho was to bo married to was supposed to be lost, coming out in the Assam. And now it appears she wasn't lost at all (the girl I mean, not tho ship), but that she was wrecked on the east coast of Mada gascar, and saved, with five and twenty moro. She came on to Calcutta, and they were married tho week after he got his troop. She is uncommonly handsomo and ladylike, but looks rather brown and leau from living on birds' nests and sea-weed for abovo six months of her life." . ',,,,,. [Allow mo to remark that this must be a romance on Jim's part ; birds nests and trepang aro not found in Madagascar.] ¿ .. " My wound is nearly all right again. It waB only à prick with a spear in my thigh." It ia tho very deuce editing these old letters without anything to guide mo. As far as I can make out by myaelf (Jim being now down-at Melton, hunting, and not having anawered my letter of inquiries), this letter must have come accompanied by an Indian newspaper containing the account of some battle or campaign in whioh he was engaged. Putting this and that together, I am inclined to believe that it refers to tho defence of Jellalabad by Sir Robert Sale, in which I know he was engaged. I form. this Opinion from tho fact of his mentioning that the fortifications were destroyed by an earthquake. And I very much fear that tho individual «o disrespectfully mentioned abovo as " Bobby," was no other than the great' Hero himself. In my second (or if that geeB off too quick, in my third) odition, I will endeavour to clear this point up ina satisfactory manner. ? After this time there was a long dull time with no news from him or from any one. Then Sam came down from Now England, and paid us a visit, whioh freshened us up a little. But in spite of this and other episodes there was little chango or exoitemont for us four. We made common house of it, and never parted from one another more than a day. Always of au evening came the old friendly rubber, I playing with the Major, and Captain Brentwood with Mrs. Buckley. The most remarkable event I have to chronicle during the long period whioh followed, is, that one . day a bushfire came right up to the garden rails, and was' beaten out with difficulty ; and that samo evening I held nine trumps. Ace, Queen, .Knave, Nine of hearts, and the rest small. I cannot for tho lifo of mo remem ber what year it was in, somewhere between forty two and forty- five, I believe, because within a year or two of that time we heard that a largo comet had appeared in England, and that Sir Robert Peel was distrusted on the subjeot of Protection. After all, it is no great consequence, though it is rather provoking, because I never before or since held more than eight trumps. Burnside, tho cattle-dealer, claims to have had eleven, but I may state, onco for all, that I doubt that man's statements on this and evory other subjeot on which he speaks. Ho knows where I am to be found. My man Dick, too, somehow or another constituted himselfmy groom and valet. And tho Major was well contented with tho arrangement. So we four, Major and Mrs. Buokley, Captain Brentwood and I, sat there in the old station night after night, playing our whist, till even my head, tho youngest of tho four, began to be streaked with grey, and sixteen years were past. quite. She keeps tho house 