MONDA Y, JONE 12, 187L During the present week our demo- cratic institutions will again be put upon their trial, and if we read the signs of the times aright, the interests of the country will once more be sacrificed, in order to gratify the ambition of a small knot of office-seekers, It is needless to say that we are no great lovers of either Sir James M'Cullocii or his Administration. While there was a chance of defeating the ruinous fiscal policy from the effects of which we are now Buffering bo grievously, both socially and commercially, that gentleman had no steadier or more outspoken opponents than ourselves. We should rejoice to- morrow in hiB downfall, and would do all in our power to hasten it, if his ejection from office would relieve us from the pernicious protective system of which he is the representative and advocate.' But we are not prepared to assist in! bringing about a change which would substitute for a band of experienced and tolerably efficient administrators, a num- ber of gentlemen whose political views' are equally objectionable, and whose1 fitness for office is very generally doubted. Taking the present Ministry. individually it cannot be denied that there is not one remarkable for his exceptional ability, but they are never-, theless men of fair average attainments and good social position. And what are we offered in their place 1 \ As a reward for Mr. Graham Berry's eager and persistent efforts to force himself on public notice, we will take him first,' and ask the public how they would like him in exchange for Sir James M'Culloch. We admit that he may, claim the praise due to consistency, for,' in office or out of office, he has succeeded1 in rendering himself equally ridiculous,' and in an age of change this may be thought a merit. His celebrated budget will long remain as a stand- ing monument of financial folly and a warning to all future time of the danger a man incurs of rendering himself ridiculous by meddling with matters which he does not and cannot understand. But even these dis- tinguished qualifications, taken together, can hardly be thought to constitute a claim to preferment. Shall we find one,j then, in ¿is wisdom and eloquence in debate? The hon. gentleman owes a debt of gratitude to the reporters which] he can never repay, for the public who1 merely read the Parliamentary news in the columns of the daily press might bej led to the conclusion that Mr. Beeby does occasionally Bay something in which an attentive observer might detect a glimmer of reason ; but if anyone would learn from personal experience how wrongful this impression is, let him get an order from his representative, and hear for himself what sort of rubbish a man can talk and an audience tolerate. To see the member for West Geelong on his legs, bounding about from seat to table and table to Beat, like an oratorical acrobat, tearing " a passion to tatters, " to very rags, to split the ears of the " groundlings," clipping the Queen's English and thumping the public furni ture with equal force and indifference, is extremely funny for once,, but we are bound to say that the appetite for such amusement grows less with every repeti- tion. If, as we are told on high authority, "a man full of words shall " not prosper on the earth," then we are afraid that Mr. Berry's futura prospects are anything but bright. He declines to possess his soul in quietness. Like chaff from a cutting-machine his words fly from him in a scattered shower, and are about as valuable when collected. Is it, forsooth, to obtain the services of such a windbag that wa should throw all the Government ma- chinery out, of gear for a month or two? There are others, however, who ara aspiring to rule over us. Of Mr. Duffy's claims we have recently spoken, and were they ten times as great as they are, he is ineligible in consequence of the profound distrust with which he has inspired every section of the community. Mr. Langton can- not join any protective Government without sacrificing those principles which he has so long and ably upheld, and bringing disgrace on the fiee-trade party in the person of their foremost and most honoured represen- tative. As for the minor positions in the Cabinet, we would ask any one to con- sider if we could possibly gain anything by dethroning Messrs. Fkancis, Mac phebson, Weixon, and Mackay, and installing in their stead, Mr. Vale, with his sounding brass ; Mr. Longmore, with his tinkling cymbal ; Mr. Casey, with his peculiar views on bill drafting, or Mr. John Thomas Smith, with his semi eacerdotal pretensions. Mr. MacBain might contribute to a new Ministry that element of high respectability which was the basis upon which Sir James M'Culloch constructed his present Cabinet, but beyond this, we are not aware that his presence or talents-even with his recently developed ability to mangle Cowpeii thrown in- would bring additional strength to any Admi- nistration. If there are any gentlemen whose claims to office we have omitted in this necessarily hurried sketch, we crave their pardon, more especially as we are sure that there is not a member of their honourable House whose qualifica- tions for place are not equal to those of the few we have named, with one or two exceptions. But it is not only that the probable successors to the present Ministry would be by no means an improvement, but we have no guarantee that any Government they might form in the present state of the House would have anything but a mere ephemeral existence, and the waste of valuable time would be thus added to our other afflictions. There are many subjects of the utmost importance awaiting legislation whenever hon. members can spare time from faction to attend to the business of the country. Mining on private property, water supply, railway extension, improved penal arrangements, an Amended Civil Service Act, and a host of othor things urgently demand attention and settle- ment, while the only subjects which can command the attentive consideration'of. Parliament appear to be the petty squabbles or personal advancement of its individual members. The pro- bability is that the new Government would not stand a month after meeting the House, and thus some three or four months would be* absolutely wasted. On the 18th of February last a splen- did new passenger ship, the Queeii-of (he Thames, steamed majestically down Port Phillip Bay on her way to Eng- land, her passengers and crew number- ing about 350 souls.-Never was voyage commenced under more propitious cir- cumstances. The ship was as fine a piece of marine architecture as had ever been seen in these waters, and her en- gines and boilers, constructed regardless of expense, combined every improve- ment which the highest skill and the ripest experience could devise. Start- ing on a radiant summer afternoon, the hearty cheers of hundreds of admiring ' visitors followed in her wake, and few who witnessed her departure could help wishing that they, too, were among her passengers, so rapid and pleasant and safe did the voyage promise to be, Yet ere four weeks had elapsed, the beautiful vessel was stranded on the African coast, a helpless and all but hopeless wreck, and her 350 inhabitants were in imminent and deadly peril. When day broke on the 18th March, her passengers, rudely awakened from sleep which should have been as peaceful and as safe as they would have enjoyed in their own homes, gazed upon the unknown coast on which they had been cast away, with an eager anxiety that can easuy be imagined, that they might discover what chance of safety remained to them. The scene that presented itself, though desolate and inhospitable, was not dangerous. A practicable -landing place was at hand, and ere long the passengers and crew were beyond the reach of immediate danger. They suffered great loss, discomfort, and inconvenience, and for several hours they must have had to endure such au agony of terror-those of them, we mean, who had lives dearer than their own to care for-as it does not happen to many people to experience. But all this is as nothing in comparison with what might have occurred, and it is tho thought of how differently the Queen of the Thames disaster might have ended that gives its chief importance to any dis- cussion of it that may now ensue, and to whatever further inquiry into its causes may be undertaken. As yet there is no explanation of the wreck of the ship that is in any way satisfactory. There was no failure on ) her part, nor on the part of her engines, / and there was nothing in the state of / the weather that could affect her safety. 'x Neither did she run upon a rock or \ sandbank not known until then, nor X upon an iceberg, nor against floating wreck. The sea through which her course lay is no unexplored track, beset with unknown dangers. Its rocks and shoals and currents have been described and delineated for hundreds of years past. In short, no one of the causes to which accidental shipwrecks are due operated in her case. The finger of God is nowhere visible in the transaction, but only man's incompetency or neglect, Of fal fat' course, we have no desire to deal harshly .with the commander of the ship. He has already suffered greatly by her loss in purse and in reputation, and ?whatever may have been the anxieties of others whose lives were imperilled by it, his own must have been still more painful and bitter. But the affair must be discussed, nevertheless, and particu- larly his part in it, in order that some better security may be obtained against ^lie occurrence of disasters which sea Kanlike skill and vigilance should pre- sent. Let us see, then, to what cause the commander of the Queen of the 27tames attributes the wreck of his unfortunate ship. In the first place, he says he miBtcok a fixed bright light on the shore for Cape L'Agulhas light, and shaped a course for Cape Point sooner than he should have done j secondly, there were " currents setting in an op *' posite direction,' and stronger in " speed than stated in the directions ;" tbiidly, there was a " total disarrange *' ment of his compasses, notwithstand " ing the vessel's having been swung at " Melbourne and furnished with a card " of deviation, which daily observations " proved to be unreliable and totally at " variance with the course made good." Taking the question of the compasses first, we would observe that a ship's compass, like a ship's chronometer, is liable to error, but the character and late of this error can be ascertained by jneans with which every navigator should be familiar and is bound to employ. The error in the compasses of the Queen of the Tlmm.es waa no new Ihing. According to the evidence of Captain Macdonald, they were never correct on his outward voyage to this port for 24 hours at a time-" one of ?" them might be bending south, and " another west, and another north-east," It is not very clear what this means, but it is obvious that Captain Macdonald had such strong reasons for distrusting his compasses as should have made him discard them altogether when he ar- rived in Melbourne, and procure others in their stead ; or watch over them while at sea with constant vigilance, and .correct their errors by frequent ob- servations. If neither course was adopted, he should then h^.ve relied upon his observations more and on lia compasses less on his home- ward voyage, and he should have been .particularly careful in approaching the .coast in hazy weather or in the night, ÎBy adopting either of these courses the Joss of the ship would probably have been prevented, and the state of her compasses is therefore no sufficient ex- planation of her loss. Neither can the statement about the currents encoun- tered be accepted as an explanation. "Other ships constantly navigate the waters that proved fatal to the Queen of Hie Thames, their masters using the aame charts, and sailing by the same 41 directions ;" and since it is not pre- tended that there was anything unusual in the condition of these waters on the 16th or 17th of March last, the loss of "the ship can no more be attributed to "the nature of the Cape currents than to ?ihe defective condition of the ship's ?«compasses. There remains to be considered the "Mistaking of a bush-fire for the Cape Jj'Agulha8 light. This mistake was made at 8 or 9 p m. on the night of the 17th, land having been seen at noon of that day, and accurate observations obtained, and 3s altogether inexplicable. Mr. Goyder, ïraiveyor general of South Australia, who waB on board the ship when she was ¿cast away, and was present at the first in- quiry that was made into the cause of her loss, stated chat the light seen .seemed to have a halo round it, and did not seem like that of a lighthouse. Be- sides, a very simple computation would have shown that it could not have been. Given the ship's position at noon, and 1er rate of steaming (ascertainable with sufficient accuracy by means of the patent log), and her position at 8 or 9 o'clock is a simple deduction. But no hody seems to have taken the trouble to look at the question in this practical way. An hour or so after passing the supposed Cape L'Agulhas light, Captain Macdonald shaped a course for Cape Point, and so wrecked his ship. Why did he not run out to sea, or re- main where he was till daylight? He was uncertain about the light seen, and the weather was hazy along the land, which were surely reasons enough for proceeding with caution. Only a few hours were to be gained by steaming ahead, and 350 lives were im- perilled by it. Why did not he go at half speed during that eventful night? But very many questions of this kind require answers which will never be answered satisfactorily. It is stated that the deep-sea lead was used twice during the night of the wreck, and that there were no soundings at GO fathoms. But the chief officer of the ship says that she was steaming at the rate of 10 knots an hour when he took charge of the deck an hour before the ship struck, and it is not stated that her speed was slackened when the lead was thrown, and without this the operation would he of little use. Had the ship been kept at half speed, or less, and the lead kept gofng throughout the night, the ship would never have been cast away. We hope the whole affair will be thoroughly investigated by the Board of Trade, since as yet we have no "better knowledge of the facts than the report of an inquiry which seems to have been weakly conducted, and which has -certainly been lamely reported. The question of imposition upon our ' public charities is continually being re gvived, and with good reason ; but when- ever it has formed the subject of 'investigation by those whose especial duty it is to prevent imposition, namely, the committees of the charities them- selves, the conclusion arrived at has «lways been unsatisfactory. The abuse has been admitted to exist, but the remedies suggested have been declared to be difficult of application, and the in- quiry has generally onded where it hegan. Seven years ago, it was recom- mended, in the case of the Melbourne Hospital, to appoint an officer whose duty it should be to ascertain the cir- cumstances of every patient concerning whose eligibility there should be any -doubt. "A Resident Surgeon," in a letter published in our issue of Saur day, renews the suggestion, and as he is a~ gentleman capable of speakiig from personal knowledge of the frauda constantly committed upon our "chari table institutions, his recommendation comes with all the greater force. It is to be expected that some opposition | to such an appointment may come from those persons who take a purely senti- mental view of the relations between those who give and those who receive charitable relief. And so far as the obligation of recognising the propriety of dispensing relief in a kindly and con- siderate manner is concerned, we have nothing to say as against this union of courtesy and charity. But the utter sel- fishness of a great number of persons who untruthfuUy represent themselves to be in distress, so as to save what they can well afford to pay for medical advice, is so great, that nothing but an unrelenting punishment is their due. When against such persons the charge of fraud is brought distinctly home, no reasonable person will surely question the propriety of treating them in the same way as any other kind of cheats are dealt with. The fact of its being nobody's busi- ness to find out and expose such frauds, renders the perpetrators of them vir- tually safe from detection. Ab a rule, those who recommend patients to an hospital, know nothing of the circumstances of thtfSe they recom- mend, and it can hardly be expected that they should put themselves to any considerable trouble to obtain the re- quired knowledge. They give the letter of recommendation almost as a matter of course, so long as the applicant declares verbally his inability to procure medical aid from his own means. The committee equally, as a matter of course, admit the applicant on the strength of the subscriber's recommenda- tion, and unless some accidental revela- tion of the patient's circumstances should take place, nothing more is inquired about him. But an officer paid to make inquiries about every case concerning which the person giving the recommend- ation is unable to say, of his own knowledge, that it is an eligible one, would furnish very different means of guidance for a committee. It need hardly be said that it would be neces- sary, in the selection of such an officer, to choose a man possessing exceptional qualifications. The duties would be fre- quently both difficult and disagreeable, and occasionally much forbearance and patience would have to be exercised. Local knowledge and experience would be indispensable, and a good deal of tact would now and then be required. That such an officer would be unpopular with a large section of the public is a matter of certainty, just as detective policemen are very unpopular in certain quarters. But if he did his duty, he would make himself of great value among all the deserving poor, inasmuch as he would give them the best pos- sible opportunity of freeing them Blves from the suspicion of having mis- represented their circumstances. More ever, he would act to a considerable extent as a do jrrent, for the very fear of exposure would prevent persons of competent means from seeking the relief of charitable institutions. A great number of caaes received dur- ing the year into a large charity like the Melbourne Hospital are casualties, and as these are admitted without any re- commendation whatever, the fact of their being casualties supplying the sole rea- son for their being so admitted, there is nothing necessarily known of their eligi- bility in respect of circumstances. It is the rule for almost every accident to be taken to the Hospital, but it ought also to be the rule for every person treated in this way to be made to pay, whenever his circumstances are found to be such as to enable him to do so, a sum pro- portioned to the amount of the relief afforded, and this sum ought to go to the medical staff. In ascertaining how far the charity is imposed upon by well to-do persons suffering from accidents, an officer of the kind suggested would be very valuable, for it is unjust to the medical profession, not to speak of the misuse of the charity, that every casualty, simply because it is a casualty, should, be ministered to without question. In short, the whole use of hospitals in this colony is mis- understood. Their benefits are too much claimed as a right, and a close investi- gation into the circumstances of those shameless persons who throng their wards and waiting-rooms, without any right whatever to do so, would effect a considerable saving in the large sums annually expended in hospital main- tenance. The salary of an inspector would be an economical investment in the way of reducing this yearly increas- ing outlay. The addresa of Mr. J. T. Harcourt to the electors of the Central Province appears else- where. Mr. Harcourt declares himself to be hostile to the property tax as uncalled for, to be opposed to alterations of the tariff, and to be a determined opponent of the Govommont scheme of education. In the Supreme Court on Saturday an action was tried-the Bank of New South Wales v. King-on a promissory-noto for £9113s. 4d., given by the defendant to the Polynesia Com- pany, endorsed by that company to Charles Palmer, solicitor, and by him endorsed to the bank. The bank did not discount it, but claimed to hold it as socurity for an overdraft to Palmer. The amount of the overdraft was at one time about £5,000, but had since been reduced to about £400, The bank held a num- ber of Bank of Victoria shares deposited with them by Mr. Palmer, but did not care to realise on them till all the other securities had been exhausted, as Palmer (who had since been declared to be a lunatic) bad no right to them, but had only been entrusted with them for another object. The defence was that the bank shares were lodged for one specific over- draft, the promissory-notes (of which that sued on formed only a small part) for another spe- cific overdraft ; that this had been paid off, and the bank bud no claim upon it. The notion was also defended because King alleged Palmer owed him £200, which coald be set off against the demand upon the note. The jury returned a verdict for defendant. In Cohen v. Sloman, the trustees of the estate of Henry Sloman, furniture dealer, sued his son, Nathaniel Sloman, for goods sold to the value of £1,559. The defence was that the goods were given in payment of a debt due by the father to the son, months before Henry Sloman stopped payment. The jury accepted this view, and returned a verdict for the defendant. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Royal Society of Victoria is advertised to take place I this evening, at the usual hour. We are in- formed that Mr. Ellery has promised to pro- duce some notes upon an important subject, viz., gan cotton as an explosive agent ; after which wo understand that a further report is expected to be brought up by the committee appointed to arrango preliminaries for an , expedition to Yorke's Peninsula to witness j the total solar eclipse in December. " The repairs to the tunnel of the Malms rary Keservoir," says the Kyneton Guardiam ' are now completed. The face of the em btnkment has been re-pitched, and the mea engaged on the work are discharged. We understand that Colonel Sankey strongly re coiimended that the bye-washes should be pitched beforo the reservoir is allowed to fill, but vas met with the objection that there are no finds available, every penny of the lost waterworks loan having been expended. The only ranger to be appro-ended from a post- ponement of this work would be ia the eveni of a sudden flood occurring, such as those which did such damage last year. At presea-, tho water is lower in the reservoir than ithas been for twelve months past, A parágrafo recently appeared in one of the Melboona journals to the effect that the re- pairs recommended by Colonel Sankey had been ioni\ effectual in stopping the leak. Such a statement is, we need hardly point out, quite premature. It is believed the repairs wUl be found effectual, but till the valves have been closid, and the reservoir allowed to fill, it cannot bj known whether they are so or not, Nor is r-, correct to say that Colonel Sankey recommended the works which have just beon completed. They were designed by the local oifirers of tho department, and sanc- tioned hy Mr. Higinbotham, before the arrival of Colonel Sankey, vho had no more to do with the work than giving it his approval." I The Government astronomer reports :-The w eather during the last veek was generally dull and damp, with dense hç on the early morn- ing of the bth, 6th, and 7th, and evening of the 7th, and rain showers oa the 4th, 8th, and 10th. The highest temperature in the shade, 63°, was recorded on the afternoon of the 6th ; the lowest, 38 9", on the morning of the 7th; the highest reading of the barometer, 30188in., occurred on the morning of tie Cth, during a calm ; the lowest, 29 808in., on the 10th, with boisterous weather and rain squtiUs. Hain fell to the amount of 0'70in., making tin total rain- fall since the beginning of the yea-1199in., as compared with 12 75in. during the same period in 1870 ; 8"80 in 1869, 7"52 in 1268,10 58 in 1867, 811 in 18G6, C'921 in 1385, 1218 in 1864, 13 C7 in 1863, 11-72 in 18C2,12'30 in 1861, 9 99 in ,1860, 8 59 in 1S59, 892'in 1858, or an average of 1015in. Owing to tho very unfavourable state of the weather on Saturday, the Croxton Park races did not come off. A notification was posted early in the day at the various meeting places of racing men, to the effect that the races had been postponed until Saturdaynext. The same cause put a stop to all outdoor amusements. The Emerald-hill Exhibition was visited by a considerable number of persons on Friday and Saturday. It is likely to prove attractive for the whole time it is to remain open. A few things have been added since the opening day. Some alterations have been made in the arrangement of the exhibits which have con- siderably improved the appearance of the ball ; the committee only need to curtain in the legs of the rough tables in the middle of the room to secure completeness. An increase has taken placo in the number of the exhibits in the ironmongery section, and an Emerald-hill firm showagood collection of stoves, grates,fen ders, kitchen-rangës,&o;" of their own manufac- ture. One interesting sample of colonial work- manship is a marble jar or mortar, wrought out of Queensland marble, polished. The vases of worsted flowers are well worth looking into, on account of the remarkable skill which has been displayed in working them. Standing ' beside the colonial-made organ is a colonial made piano, from the establishment of Mr. Kilner. Its merits consist not only in its musical capabilities, but in the very pretty wood of which it has been constructed. The specimens of turners'and carvers' work shown by Emerald-hill workmen have come ia for considerable notice. A. large number of additional cariosities, which are now ia tho hall, will bo on view as soon as suitable glosscases can be obtained for them. They include various ornaments taken from Indian celebrities during the mutiny. In the way of miniature-painting, there are a few neat sketches of bush scenes oa bluegum tree leaves. The ceremony of laying the corner-stone of the transept of St. Philip's Church, Colling, wood, which was to have taken place on Saturday afternoon, was postponed on ac- count of the inclemency of the weather. One of those strange characters who, amidst the many vicissitudes of fortune they experience, occasionally flit before the magis- terial vision at the police courts, came under the notice of the City Bench on Saturday on a charge of vagrancy. The name he gave was James Stanley, though that is not his real appellation ; and he was so ragged, battered, and dissipated-looking, that his age was doubtful, though apparently he was in what ought to have been the prime of life. He is connected with a very good family at home, where he became a solicitor, and passed through various degrees in that profession, but he never practised, as his posi- tion while he was at home placed him beyond the necessity of earning his bread. Before he had been a solicitor long he began to develope a propensity for a species of fastness which did not meet with the approbation of his family, and when he wound up a series of pranks by marrying a woman of the town, his relatives were glad to give him a considerable sum to set out for Australia with his ill chosen spouse. For a long time after his ar- rival here the man did nothing, subsisting on the money which his family romitted to him ; but at last they became tired of support- ing him in idleness, and he was suddenly left without any pecuniary assistance. Ho had, while in receipt of the money, spent it in drunkonnessand fast living, and when supplies were stopped, instead of setting manfully to workhebegan aloafinglife, and was afrequent visitor to the Melbourne City Court, where he very often escaped punishment for diunkenness and riot hy his powerful appeals to the sympathies of the Bench of those days -his "gift of the gab" being such as might , have obtained him a good living in his ' profession. He parted from his wife, but what became of her seems to be involved in obscurity, though it is thought that she ran a fast but short life of debauchery in the manner of used-up women of her class. The man continued to sink lower and lower, until he was almost destitute, when he bethought himself of a notable expedient for raising money. He caused a letter, probably dic- tated by himself, to be written to his relatives at home, purporting to come from a lodging house keeper in King-street, who described bow the wretched black sheep of tho family bad died penitent, and seeking forgiveness for the disgrace be had brought upon his name. The writer, in describing the death- bed scene, "piled up the agony" with dis- crimination, and narrated how the dying man had besought as a last request that his relatives should be r asked to erect over his lonely grave at 'the antipodes a white marble monument to mark tbe spot where his troubled life had terminated. The "family" on receiving the letter, felt their sorrow mitigated by joy that the dis- grace of the family was no more, and with alacrity sent out£10C, which the writer repre- sented would be about the cost of a monu- ment such as the deceased had desired. It is needless to say that the "black shoep" got the money himself, and had "a glorious spree" as long as it lasted. He made no secret of tbe dodge, but, on the contrary, boasted loudly of it in saloons and bar-rooms to his admiring and thirsty associates. This hap- pened about 10 years ago, and ho had been since living a life of vagabondage, frequently obtaining money by a narration of his educa- tion and former position. The Bench on Saturday sent him to gaol for 12 months' hard labour os a vagrant. Sergeant Ellis, the inspector of nuisances on Emerald-hill, appoars to have thought that when he was appointed to the office named he was expected to find out nuisances and take effective measures to abolish them. In pursuance of his duly he found that large numbers of the cesspools on the Hill were in the most filthy condition, many of them with their contents overflowing, and he accordingly summoned the persons responsible for some of the cesspools that were in the worst condition. His doing so, however, appears to have given a good deal of umbrage, and it is frequently stated that he is too diligent in finding out nuisances. On Saturday there were six cases of allowing cesspools to overflow brought before Mr. Mol- lison, P.M., and judging from tho evidence given in them the inspector would do well to continue his diligence, and prevent one por- tion of the inhabitants of the district from causing nuisances which are disagreeable to the rest and dangerous to all. Each of the parties referred to was fined 209. The contentions between Mr. Carrick, the carrier, and the lessees of the Sandridge-road toll have been almost continuous for some time past, and have famished the Emerald hill bench of magistrates with many nice points of law as to what ought and what ought not to pay tolL Mr. Carrick, however, seems now to have hit upon a plan which, if he can only work it profitably to himself, will entirely discomfit and overthrow his .old opponents, and settle their pretensions to exact tolls for goods carted over the Queen's highway. One day lost week he brought up a string of eight loaded drays from Sandridge with one of the road traction engines, and passed triumphantly through the toll-gate with them, the lessees not being able to take toll, as there was no horse, donkey, or other animal drawing the vehicles. It was well known that the engine could not pass under the Moray-street culvert, which is built under tne railway line, but when the train of waggons arrived at the culvert pre- parations had been made to receive it, Mr Carrick having in waitiog a number of his ' men who were returning from town with their ' horses and empty waggons. The engine was hooked off the loaded waggons and the horses were taken out of the empty ones and tackled to > thefullones, with which they walked away into town, the engine taking the empty ones back < to Sandridge. The toll-keeper considered that I the fact of the horses having been put to the waggons was an evasion of his right to take toll, and he accordingly summoned one of Mr. Carriole's men who was concerned in the affair for evading toll. The case was heard on Saturday by Mr. Mollison, P.M., and, as might have been expected when the plain wording of the act that the vehicles must be drawn by some animal, or animals, was con sideied, he dismissed the summons, holding that no evasion had occurred. ' The dead body of a man, which has since 'been identified as that of Mordaunt Small page, was found at about a quarter to 6 on Saturday evening, in King William-street, Fitzroy, by a man, who reported the matter to i the local police. The finder at first supposed the'man to be drunk, but a constable came to rae conclusion that he was dead, though the baily waa still warm, and sent for Mr. Hewlett, surgeon, who pronounced life to be extinct. Tile corpse was removed to the St. Andrew's Hotel, Nicholson-street, where it awaits an inquest. The landlord of the Globe Hotel, after tbo removal of the body, identified it as that of Mordaunt Smallpage. This is the name of tbe man who is said to havo been formerly an officer of police, and was taken before the City Bench lost week and dis- charged on an accusation-of imposing upon a coffee-stall keeper. There were found upon the body some photographs of the deceased, and a phial containing steel drops. It is sup- posed that the man was suffering from disease of the heart. A fire occurred at about half-past 1 on Saturday morning at a four-roomed cottage at the corner of Victoria-parade and Itokeby street, East Collingwood, occupied by Mrs. Eliza "Reed. On the previous evening the bed-curtains, ceiling, and a wooden par- tition were set on fire by tho explo- sion of a kerosene lamp, but all the visible flames were extinguished by some neigh- bours, and when the inmates of the house went to bed, soon afterwards, all seemed safe. At about half-post 1 in the morning, however, the shingle roof was found to be on fire, and it is supposed that tome of the fire, which had escaped notice, had smouldered since the ex- plosion of the lamp. The premisos wore on the second occasion completely destroyed, to- gether with all th« furniture. The house, which belonged to Junes M'Carthy, was in- sured for £100, and the furniture for £100 also. The local and a portion of the Mel. bourne brigade went to the place on the alarm being given. i At about a auarter to 3 o'clock on Saturday ' afternoon two women entered the house of a woman of the town named Elizabeth Smith, living off Romeo-lane, and found her lying dead on the bed. She was dressed, and seemed to bave been some considerable time J dead. The front door waa partly open, but I the place was neat and clean, and there were ] no marks'of violence or1 of any disturbance, j The deceased lived alone, and had not been seen since Thursday last. An inquest will be held on the body to day. I Wm. W. Brown, who was arrested some days ago on a charge of embezzling £C, was ' taken before the City Court on Saturday, I when the detective asked for a remand to Portland, as nearly all the witnesses were there. Mr. Oillott, for the defence, opposed the remand, saying that the man had been employed by Messrs. Lyell and Qowan, who were in town, and that as they were the prin- cipal witnesses, no remand to Portland was required. The prisoner, he said, had been sent by the firm mentioned to manage the business of an insolvent named Marriott, but had been required to return to town sud- denly, on account of a telegram from Messrs. Lyell and Gowan, whoroupon Marriott bad immediately issued a war- rant for embezzlement against bim. Per- haps this had been done because the prisoner would not meet Marriott's views by pntting the stock at a sufficiently low valuation Even supposing there had been a deficiency, the prisoner was not liable for it to Marriott. The person issuing the warrant was an insol- vent, and there was consequently no remedy against him, as he could not pay evon 10s. in the £, much less 20s. Detective Mackay stated that the principal witnesses were in Portland, and after some discussion the Bonch re- manded the prisoner for a week, allowing him at large on his own bail pending communica- tion with Fortland. We ore informed that the Constable James Deacon who was accidentally killed at Oak- leigh by the bolting of his horse was not the same Constable James Deacon who gave evi- dence at the inquest on a child found dead at Mordialloc, though the similarity of the Christian name and surname, and the fact of both men being in the same district, led to the belief that it was the samo constable in each case. Deacon who was killed was an elderly man, who seldom performed active police duties, while the Deacon who was con- cerned in the discovory of the child's body is described #as an active and comparatively young officer. A respectable-looking young man named John Russell appeared at the City Court on Saturday on a charge of embezzling money received by him' for C. A. Reid. Mr. J. Edwards, jua, appeared on behalf of the prisoner, and strongly protested against a I remand being granted at the request of tho ' detectives, as he had, on hearing that there ' was a warrant against his client, directed him to give himself up to the police, which was done on the understanding that the case should be gone on with at once, to prevent any stigma attaching to the young man by the fact of a remand being granted, It would be proved that there was no case against the prisoner, and it was very hard that it should be published in the newspapers that ho had been brought up and remanded -a remand implying that the magistrates vrerc satisfied that there was something in the case-when in reality thore was nothing against the prisoner. Moreover, there was no charge set forth in the warrant, as it alleged that the prisoner embezzled two sums (be- tween £5 and £6 altogether) belonging to one man while he was in tho employment of ' anothor, which was absurd. The Bench said they could not go behind the warrant, and i must grant the police a romand if they were not ready to go on. The prisoner was there- fore remanded till Friday, bail allowed in his own recognisance. A young man named William Clarke fell overboard from the steamer Challenge as she was coming up tbo river on Saturday night, and was drowned. Tho deceased was attending to the rope that was attached to ' the schooner Zelia, which was being towed up the river, and the manner in which he was thrown into the water is not known. Life buoys were thrown from the Zelia, whicli¡ being close astern, probably struck him, as he was not seen afterwards. The river was dragged, and the body was recovered yester j day afternoon by a crow of the water police, who were assisted by the police of Foots- cray. At on anti-property-tax meeting held last ' week in Wangaratta, a rather curious slip of the tongue, to speak of it so, occurred in one of the speeches. The speaker was referring to the luxurious life led by the absentee ! capitalists who were drawing their incomes 'from this colony and living in " Piccaldli," 'or somewhere else in London. Another orator told the following highly authentic story :-" One of these gentlemen, a clerk in 'the Treasury, had informed him that when he first entered on the duties of his situation he bad some papers handed to him by the i head clerk of the office. There was nothing 'difficjlt about them, and so in two ¡hours ho completed them, and brought ¡them up to his superior officer. 'Oh, 'Mr. So-and-so,' said the great man, blandly, 'you need not have been in so great a hurry, that is the week's work.' ?' Thank you, sir,' said the junior, 'I shall know better in future.' And he did know bettor in future, for after that he never touched his week's work until the Saturday morning, and then polished it all off. On the intermediate dates ho did not trouble himself with official duties, but nobblerised and played billiards." Another observed, "We've got a Railway Commission sitting at £3 a day per head for each member. Kerferd is one of , those sitting on. it ; and they want us to have a third class railway, a three-foot gauge affair. Not while I am in the country. (Cheers)." All this seems a fair specimen of the intellect brought to bear on political discussion in Victoria ! The Colonial Secretary of Queensland has presented to Parliament a copy of the report furnished by the medical men who were ap- pointed to examine the human remains found by Inspector Gilmore, and which were at first thought to be relics of Leichardt or some of his party. The surgeons concur in the opinion that one portion of the remains is that of an adult aboriginal, and the remainder those of a much younger black. "The progress of the railway towords Bathurst," says the Western Post, "hasgiven great activity to tho opening of the main coal seam in the Western district, which extends over a large area, and is about 10 feet in thick- ness, the coal being of good quality, The principal trial drifts are at Bowenfels and Lithgow Valley, and when the railway shall be completed to Bathurst there will bo consi- I derable demand for this coal. Mr. Brown, ' Mr. Andrew Brown, Messrs. Saywoll and Gaised, Messrs. Mackenzie, Woolley, Ander- son, and Poole aro all actively engaged in efforts to develope the coal resources of the district. The Western Kerosene Oil Com- pany's works are in full activity, and a tram- way has been made to connect the works with the Great Western Railway. They havo 12 persons employed, and their extraction of kersone oil coal amounted in 1869 to 3,000 tons. The Hartley Kerosene Oil and Coal Company has six persons employed, and raised 1,200 tons in 1869 for tho manufacture of oil and the supply of gasworks." Although we have received by telegram later news respecting the results of the Joint High Commission than that con- tained in the following from a San Francisco paper, under date May 6, the extract is worth quoting, as showing an American view of the agreemont. A despatch from Washington of that date states -"Senators Morton and Cameron, in re- j sponse to a telegram summons from the Pre- sident, arrived here yesterday. They come in advance of the meeting of the Senate, in oider to become familiar with tho treaty of tho Joint High Commission, and to examine the papers and documents, whioh are very voluminous and intricate, relating to subjects of discussion between the English Govern- ment and our own. The treaty has been printed confidentially for the use of the com- missioners, and copies will at once bo placed in thehands of all members of theForeignRela tions Committee in the city, and also members of tho Cabinet, Secretary Boutwell returned jestcrday, two days earlier than was expected, in order to participate in the examination of the treaty, which is to occupy the whole time of the Cabinet to-day. The commissioners adjourn until Saturday to give the Cabinet time to examine all conditions embraced in i the treaty ; and, if the Cabinet suggest any amendment or chango, the samo will receive the attention of the committee on Saturday. It will then bo signed in duplicate by all members of the commission on behalf of both Governments, there being no dissatisfac- tion oxpressed by anymember, and all being fully satisfied that the treaty is just, fair, and honourable to both Governments, Every American member of tbe commission ex- presses unhesitatingly the belief that it will be ratified ; and Judge Nelson, who is the only Democratic membor, is enthusiastic in his admiration for its provisions. Ho says no fair-minded American who examines the sub- ject intelligently and with candour, can fail to approve the treaty ia all points." "The Canadians," says the Dally News, ' are not enamoured of the Commune. While Parisian patriots strive to reconstitute society on the model of the Middle Ages, Canadian legislators vote for a scheme intended to con- vert all British North American Provincesinto a single and harmonious state. With excep- tions too trifling to mar the symmetry of the whole, the work is complete. If Prince Ed- ward Island choose to remain aloof, the Dominion will be no great sufferer. Now that British Columbia has been incorporated by a formal voteof the Dominion Parliament, and the rule of the Government of the Dominion has been extended from Halifax on the Atlantio to Vancouver's Island in the Pacific, the great task of confederation is virtually accomplished. If greatness were measured by size, then the Dominion would rank high in the scale of nations. The territory of which it now consists is as vast and varied as Europe. Tbo climate is as diversified as that of Europe, for the mildness of Naples may bo on joyed at Victoria, and cold keen as that of Moscow must bo ondured at Quebec. The language of ihe people is by no means uniform, for the members of the Legislature bave the right to speak either in English or French, and in one section of On tario the population all speak Gaelic. There , is thus no lack'of variety in the Dominion. 1 It possesses all the elements of a new nation lality. Ita immediate concern, however, is j not how,most rapidly to become a nation, but I how to people the vost tracts of rich and un- inhabited lands that stretch from tho Atlan- tic to the Pacific. One of the conditions , under which British Columbia has been in- corporated is that a railway shall bo made ' across the continent within a reasonable time. 'The construction of this railway will increase the demand for labour, and will heighten the inducements which now prompt tho omi ! grant to choose Canada for his future ? home." ( A remarkable feature of the late war, which must bavo puzzled many, is thus adverted to 'by The Times of April 1 \\-" If we were asked to point out the conclusion most naturally to bo drawn from the melancholy events of which the country nearest to our shores is i now the theatre, it would be one totally sub- versive of all our preconceived notions respecting the ascendancy money exercises on all human affairs. Everybody in France seems always to bavo money enough for , everything. The wonder began with M. Gambetta, who, when all the military power of Imperial France seemed to have utterly foundered, had apparently only to stamp his foot upon the gonerous soil of his country to elicit myriads of warriors, and never gave himself a moment's thought as to the sources from which the ' sinews of war' were to spring. One-fifth of the most flourishing French departments paid their revonues into the hands of the German invader ; the collec- tion of taxes and the receipt of customs were greatly interfered with by tho disorganisation of the service in other provinces, and by the stagnation of trade and industry in almost all 1 of them, yet M. Gambetta was never at a loss for the cash necessary to make large pur i chases of arms and ammunition abroad, and {for the outfit and equipment, as well as for the daily maintenance, of his improvised armies at home. He was, indeed, beaten in the end, but not on economical or financial grounds ; ' and the only new burden he seems to have inflicted on .France is that ten millions loan which his friend M. Laurier negotiated for him on very reasonable terms in the Lon- don market. After Gambetta, however, the deluge might have been expected to set in. M. Thiers engaged to pay Brinco Bismarck two hundred millions of war indemnity. . . . . M, Thiers, who was said to be unable to poy the first instalment of £20,000,000 war indemnity to the Germans, due this day, and to have sued for and obtained a respite of a fortnight, found the means of effecting the payment last evening. Somehow, money and time are matters about the possible want of which a French statesman never seems to entertain the slightest fear." The performances at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening consisted of "Grimaldi, or the Life of an Actress," ond "The Colleen Bown." Mr. J. B. Howe, who has appeared in both pieces before, sustained the leading I part in each, and his oxortions were rewarded with frequent applause. Special performances .will be given this evening for the benefit of Mr. II. Stewart, on tho occasion of his retire | ment from the management. The pieces selected are "The Octoroon" and the force of I "TheTurnpike Gate." Miss Docy Stowart (Mrs. Collins), Mr. Coppin, and Mr. Howe, will take part in the entertainments. , The first public performance of the dog ,Schneider took place at the Polytechnic-kali on Saturday evening. Schneider seoms to be ' a remarkably well educated animal. He spells out answers to questions, hy means of a printed alphabet, without tho loasfc hesita- tion, and solves arithmetical problems with tho precision and accuracy of Babbage's cal | culating machine. This exclusively canine entertainment is, nevertheless, rather slow, and if the exhibition is to become popular, it must be supplemented by sorao musical or other attractions. Charles's panorama of the Franco-Prussian war was exhibited at St. George's-hall for tho last timo on Saturday evening. Tho hall was well-filled, and the entertainment was re- ceived with considerable applause. Our readers who take an interest in the establishment of a permanent opora- house, will bear in mind that Messrs. Lyster and Cagli's adjourned meeting in connexion with that subject will be held this afternoon at 2 o'clock, at Scott's Hotel. In consequence of tbo inclemency of the weather, the meeting of the friends of Captain Walker, of the Australian Steam Navigotion Company's service, which was intended to be held on Saturday night, was nostponod until to-day, at 4 o'clock, at Garton s Hotel. A city bye-law, on the subject of drivinR at night without lights, is given in our adver- tising columns. Messrs. Hickinbotham and Smith an- nounce elsewhere that, for the future, they will close their place of business at 2 p.m. on Saturdays, 