GRENFELL. December 12. I THE heat 'lin* at last subsided, rain set la last night, though not continuous but at short Intervals. If itsocontinucB.lt will cool tho oír, extinguish the bush-tiros, and othorwiso effect Immeasurable benefits to tho district, if not tho colony at large. 'During tho adjudication of irr. F. Dalton, P.M. on, Tuos dayhut, in divers mining d t rates, bad occasion to com- ment uuon tho inaccurate, natl, o of tho entries in tho Mining Kcglstor, and stated that tho books of registration ought lo bo carefully kept, as thoy aro tho only retlsblo sourco to Erovo or trace ownership. Mr. Dalton has conferred a great oon upon mlnlne communities by awaking attention In this diroctlon, nnd lt ls hoped that all honchos will not foll to push matters Into the propor channol. In respect to tho roport af tho Royal Mining Commission- ers, th-lr great fault Iles in their recommendations in respect to tho abolition of tho frontage syttera, the giving of unli- mited extont of area, ta, not warranted ana not borne out by evidence. Thoy certainly point out to somo dlrrctlons in Victoria, but thoy do cot tell »hos» who havo to deal with lt that extended arcas In VIctoris mean totally abandoned, long desertad, and thoroughly poor ground, aftsr having boen turned over by the miners numbers of times. On what baals do they condemn the frontage system ? The very mode thoy proposo. shows that they do not rightly understand tho naturo of that admirable system which saves work expenies, timo, and, if gold ls in tho ground, secureslt to tho bona lido shareholders. TSeglst allon will nat answer as well as shep- herding. This has boen prnvod times ont of nnmbor, nor can forfeiture be replaced by any schema, If clllclent working of a olalm ls made a condition ot ownership It Is clearly evl dont that without actual forfeiture by law no work will bo dona on gold-Uelds. There waB soma retorting dono lust week at the machino!. O'Brien's prospectors reallied at Hops in's madlin« 408 ozs to 801 tons quartz. At tho Victoria 100 tons of tho Homoward Uound prospectors brought 160 sis ; at McConnell's the Brit- annia hos not finished yet. 