""""WEATHER, AGRICULTURE &c.; j TntiM the Hunter there is encouraging intelligence. The J ?u«d>Mercury of Saturday states that tho weather, ^¡TlSta"several days very dark and threatening, , ' S ItSiod to rain. On Thursday a slight attempt 5^aSrZonO, but it passed over; tho elements 233S- Ar«! most of wW have their lard in Sm to put in seed but have been wa ting for a little Are. Sqnatters will be glad of the rain, to cause th «ÍSass to spring, whilethotownspoopowinbo pleased Lfina tnodust hid in the streets, and their tanks repten *VA\TML soft water. The Chronicle of the 23rd Bays . Srday, NewÏuo was gladdened by the advent .7 ,evora Bhowers of rain, but they wore of «o IhH nature that the effects were hardly per S,e on the ground. At the lime of our going to press Zre was every indication of moro rain, especially as tile 2SÎ W vee«d wund' to duo south. Wo leam that on, Aíy evenS there was a plentiful fall of rain atScone, «d on tho train leaving yesterday morning it was raining Sv Bain is much wanted, for all along tho railway . SÄÄ-r pfinffMÄRSfÄ w bien cloudless, on Sunday lost became overcast, and, Scented every appearance of the much wished for ram Gonfav's sky wore a similar aspect, but it was not until TneÄ evening that the desired visitation carno. Tho rain descended in slight showers at intervals, and this weather bas continued up te tho timo of our going to press. Netwithstanding tho gloomy predietions of learned men, Providence has again bloBecd us with rain at a timo when Se want of it was beginning to bo so severely felt. The Tamworth news givon in the Examiner of Saturday is to the effect that after a protracted period of dry weather, which modo people fanoy wo were aoout te experience wither season of drought, a most opportuno chango <*cnrred yesterday morning. It had been threatening for manv days; but still norain fell, and this added to our wont fears. Luckily these wero removed yesterday foro noon when light showers began to fall until about 7 «'dock n m., when a soaking rain set in, and as wo write ?Í10 v m ) is «till coming down steadily. Tho wheat oróp wanted rain very badly, and if it had held offan»üior fort nieht tho consequences would havo boon serious ; but thors is now every reason to boliove that an excellent yiold will ta obtained. On tho 23rd tho drought was broken at Amn'dalo by a gentle fall of rain. Tho Tenterfield Star of tho 21st »ys:-Since our last issuo thoro has boon every appearance, day after day, of an approaching fall of rain »na as on Saturday evening it was known to bo raining in Sydnoy, it was very naturally supposed that a like visitation would soon bo experienced in this district, Alas! how vain are all human expectations! Notwith- standing the ominous oppearanoo of the heavens, tho fall of a few drops of tho desired elomont, and tho prognostica- tions of the weather-wiso. the earth still remains in a parched condition, and tho farmers continuo to Ument the absence of rain. On soveral occasions during tho past few days a fall of rain appeared certain to tako placo, but it passed over. Arago was pretty correct in leaving as the following important dlotum, notwithstanding anything that might bo said by a Saxby against it : " What- ever may bo the progress of tho Bcionce?, novor will cbtervers who aro trustworthy and careful of thoir repu- tation venturo te foretell the state of tho weather." At tho Upper Hunter (says tho Courier of tho 22nd) the weather ha» been provokingly threatening tho last few days, heavy clouds seemingly filled with tho much dosired rain, havo hovered about as if about to discharge their precious freight over our driod-up fields and pastures, but as yet not a drop has fallon. Tho woothor-wiso predict a long drought, but beyond the fact that no rain falls it is Suite a matter for speculation, and wo sincerely hope that jeir lugubrious predictions will not receive verification. The Inverell paper of Saturday says rain ia wanted for »li. Cattle and horses require it ; the crops ro ^niro it. The welfare ot tho crops, principally of wheat, is a matter of great nnxloty J to many in this part of tho country, Tho crops around Inverell wear a go.sd appearance, but thoy have boon subjected to rather rough usage by the frost, and, lately, have no donbt suffered to eorao slight oxtent by want of rain. Fortunately, however, clouds aro not far distant, and it is to be hoped that rain will fall in a few hours, From Orange we hear through tho Examiner of Saturday j that tho appearance of the wheat crops in all part« of tho 1 district is splendid, and the only want that was felt has been supplied in a copious faU of rain, which will give the strength that is essential to ensure a largo return. Unless K>me unforsecn calamity arises, there is every prospect of the next harvest being equal, if not superior to any pre- vious one in HUB district. At Wellington the crops aro looking well, butrain is much wanted. A change sot in on Tuesday, and there has been a slight drizzling rain ovor »mc«, but not BU-«ont to enablo the farmers to put in their maize crop. Tho late frost« have retarded tha growth of wie&t.; and have kept back tho fruit treen, most of whioh are now coming into blossom. This and the delicate green ¿St the willows around Wellington show that spring is ad v-cine. The Blaynoy correspondent reports that tho -eather has boen, for the past month, inclined to drynoss. but productive of no complaint, oither from tho representa- tives o! our agricultural or pastoral interests. Thora have been «orno rather severe frosts that havokoptin check 1 what would havo othorwiso been an early spring: but the '?young grass is now showing itself, and the plains are ?Naminga fresh appearance. Holders aro clearing their run« of 3d grass by bushfire», to mako room, on the ad- vance of summer, for new and moro wholosomo food. Fluke, rot. and worm amongst sheep aro less deetructiva, the »ortality amongst them being at about tho average late» of ordinary seasons. Amongst cattle there havo boen « few loises from pleuro ; but the disease seems now to lave disappeared. The extent of wheat tillage this year is . -, limited; but the few paddocks that havo boon sown look remarkably well. ' . ',, ' There has been acceptable and very much needed rain in " ' the South. The tate Courier of the 22nd says : We aro glad to be able to chronicle that (hero has been a moat , auspicious and aufncient fall of rain throughout the Yass ?district. The rain which commenced about 1.30 last Tues- day morning continued almost without intermission till midday on Wednesday, and occasional showors havo since fall-, The downpour was steady and gentle, and sank well into thethlrsty soil. Aheady tho great benefits ro sultisg are apparent, A fine groen sward covers the plaina aro-J, and the wheat crops look hoalthy and luxuriant. At 1 this morning, rain commenced t» -fall. At Goulburn (Fays tho Herald of Saturday) After two or three dull days, on Tuesday night and on "Wednesday last Borne gentle showers fell. Thursday was irte from rain though cloudy; but in tho courso of tho night aid yesterday there was a tolerable downfall. The mm has been very seasonable, coming just when it was is«nired, and will be productive of very great good. Up to tho present timo the season in the Goulburn district has been all that could be deMred. The Currawang correspond- ent reports that tho weather up hero for the last fow weelu hubeen truly delightful, being in striking contrast to the heavy »et season just past; and although Aquarius was so _n- against the mines, Bull the farmers round the district are »niftmsly waiting for a visit from his pluvial majssty, tis crops end waterholes greatly needing supplies from his plentiful (and that sometimes too plentiful) exchequer. In the Burrowa news it is stated by the Advocate of Satur- day list there has been on abundant supply of rain throughout the district during the post week. Tho down- pour commenced on Monday ovening last, and fell in gentío «howers until tho following evening. There was not much tain on Wednesday morning, but it carno down heavily in the afternoon. On Thursday only a few showers fell until near midnight, when a steady downpour commenced, which ha» continued, almost without intermission, until tho hour of writ- g. The farmers and sheopowners aro jubilant over this welcome downpour. The crops throughout the district are said to be in a hoalthy and satisfactory con- dition; and a bounteous harvest is confidently antici pated. Present prospects are certainly chooring, a li-unant variation niocting tho eyo in ovory curoo« "^'oo^' 4?11B?a8onB» according to tho Argue of the ¿3rd, the dry weathor, which was boginning to cause considerable anxiety, has given place to rain. It wmjnfncedon Monday evening shortly after sunset, and feil, «-good soaking rain, with intermissions of only a b-t&penod; nntil Wednesday morning, between which time and Thursday evening wo had. gentle showers and an ^ocasional view erf the sun. On Thursday night, piont«ul «nd steady rain again commenced, which lasted until Friday mid-day, since which it has been showery. Tho amount of rain registered at the post-office, from Monday morning up to G o'clock yesterday afternoon, was 1-96 inch. The welcome supply of moisture about hero Ima not fallen in suaioient quantities todo much good to the dams, but for -a crops and grass it could scarcely have been better adapted or havo como more opportunely. From ace-nts whioh roach _ from other parts it appeal that rain has boen general. The Gundagai Times of tho «arno date says :-The weatherwlae prophets of evil who predicted the approach of * dry season havs been mistaken this time During the Îreeont week wo bave bad a copious and cant-ual rainfall i Gundagai, the river has risen, and there even seems a prc»ptct ot the adjacent Hats being onoo more submerged. The rain has certainly arrived most seasonably, and wo ?willingly put np with the discomforts of mud and slush ft «ccuiioM, in couadoration, of tho benefits it will confer on *w -miers and graziers. The only foars now ontortained «?»?that we may havs rather too much instead of too little »»oilture at present- In the Wagga Express ot Saturday It is reported that within the past weak the weather has JjBdergon« an extraordinary, but most weleomo/ohango Tb« rain, though often threatening, still held off solong that the conviction became almost general that a season of «rowht wa« about to set in, and upon very many .tatton«, both upon the back country and upon tho plains. pwKrainary ar-ogemeats had boen made for tbo removal of the stock to_,a mountains. On Sunday night, how- ever, a decided chavige took place; rain commenced to fall steadily, and all spp,-chcnsiens as to scarcity of eitbcr food «r water have now, w a are glad to say, been moat happily removed. From Sundiiy night until the timo wo write, a period of tune extend-j' over nearly five days, tho weather «as been almost uninterruptedly wet, rain during tho whole »me scarcely ever having oeased to fall with moro or less woience. The total fall now amounts to within a fraorion «i five inche*-an average ef «bant «BO inch per diem-and ns iho weather still continuos threatening, it is probable that oven this heavy fall will bo considerably augmented. Tlio river has TÍBCU very considerably, and was last night 20 feet 3 incheB above summor level, nnd as au immense deal of water has got to como down' from tho mountain country, it is moro than pfobablo thoro will bo Boniothing like a flood before a sub- sidence takeB placo. Tho graBS ¡B already bo ginning to Bhow tho beneficial effects of the change. Tho Ten Milo Crook correspondent of the Albury Banner writes on tho 21st that farmers and squatters have been complaining of dry weather lately, but wo sha!} havo little cause te complain on that acoro again for Bomo time io come. The district has boen visited by ono of heaviest rainfalls wo havo had this year ; creeks have been up in all directions, many of them impassaklo. Tho Billabong roso somo twenty-iivo or thirty feet, and was as high as At any of the fluods we had last year. The creek at the town (hip also rose to a great height, but tho improvements wrought upon the bridge last year kept that structure from bung damaged. A considérante quantity of fOHCing has been carriiid away, and much moro is likely to go, as ptho rain >3OCB not seom inclined to abate. The ground is in a very wet state, water lying everywhere, and the ground so boggy ns to be quite unfit to travel over. It is auite possible to have enough of any good thing, and I thinfc wo nave had sufficient rain at prosent, and a little sunshine would do no honn. From Deniliquin we hoar through tbje ChronicU of tho 21st that the 'long desired ram was UBhered in on Sunday night with a violent display of lightning! and thunder, but tho storm hore was much milder than at other places. Tho rain continued all night and by 9 next morning 1-001 inches wore registered. Binoo then rainB have occurred, making the total probably a good threo inches. Yesterday, showers woro falling on tho Murrumbidgee from Wagga to Balranald. The height of tho Murray al Wahgunyah was nine foot ten inches, about summer level ; and at Swan Hill cloven foot eight inches. Tho Murrumbidgee, at Wagga, was oight feet four inohos1 ; at Hay, eleven foot ; and at Balranald, fourteen foot ton inches. The intelligence from Monaro, by tho Mercury of the 23rü, speaks of rain having fallon in moderate degree. 6hould tie froat hold off for a time, agriculturists havo bo- foro them tho prospects of a truly bountiful hirvost» With tho young grass now rising up, this timely rain will go far towards ensuring an abundance, of food for tho stock of our graviers. At the samo time, wo rogret that the rain Is likely to prove detrimental to shoop in the back part of the district Gentle rain fell in tho South Coast district during the past week. Tho Shoalhai en News of the 23rd states that during tho past week tho Bky has been overoast, but littlo rain has fallen, not sufficient to damp the surface. As, however, the sky Btill shows a promising aspect, wo do not despair of rccoiviDg, to speak personally, some addittion in tho tunks, Tho want of rain noa become a serious matter with many of tho farmers, who aro backward with their ploughing ; muoh of the soil, owing to tho long continued westerly winds, having bocomo nearly as hard as brick bats. Our local rain gauge chronicles but '52 of an inch, or a fraction over half an inch, since the 15th July last, on which dnto it was orccted. At Bega (says the OacetU of the 22nd) on Monday and Tuesday tho district was favoured by a most pleasant chango, A considerable quantity of gontly descending rain falling on thoso days provixl most aooeptablo. Tho young grass will benefit by it, and tho cultivation ground, which in plaocs was almost too hard for ploughing, will turn up all tho easier for moistening. The Braidwood Dispatch says :?-Tho gloomy forebodings of the setting in of a dry season, which have been BO genoral of lato haye now been dissipated. A littlo after dusk yesterday the rain carno down in brit-k stylo and thoro was every apponranoe of a continuation of heavy showers through the night. From Kiama it is reported by the Illawarra Mercury, of Tuesday, that for weeks past tho state of the weathor has been a matter of genoral concern, not only to peoplo in the oountry but to thoso in tho town also. Nor is this to bo wondered at, for in many parts the dairy farmers havo lost one. two, or more head of cattle through the scantiness of feed and water. The hills all around us, instead of woaring the beautiful green garb in which Spring usually drosses them, are brown end bare, insomuch that ono would almost fancy thoy had on a mantlo made of Autumn loaves. From tho appearance of tho weather thero ia every probability that a better state of things will soon exist. Indeed we havo already had a light fall of rain, and it is likely the Quantify will bo largely supplemented boforo the equinoxial inturbanccs of tho season subside Whatever difference of opinion exists among na regarding other matters thero is unanimity in this feeling that a fow wet days would be a great blessing. When wo got these thoro will bo a vory rapid spring. Bud, leaf, and blossom will succeed each other with tropical haste, and the surface of tho ground now parched with drought and almost hcrblcss will afford abundance of food for tho hungry cattle. One result of the dry season is that very little ground has been broken up. In some places I have Been a fow acres ploughed, but the ground is so dry and uneven that the seed had to be withheld until such timo as tho rain may come. On Friday night lost a very refreshing fall of rain was experienced ia Wollongong and the surrounding dis- trict. The quanti ty whioh fell in tho town was (by tho rain gaugo at the telegraph office) exactly half an inch. Such a supply was very acceptable undor present circumstances, and a good deal moro IB still required to satisfy the require- ments of man and boast and mother oarth in these parts. The days have since then boen vory Ano, with a tendpincy to cold sights. At Bombala (says the Times of the 23rd), on Monday night last, we were favoured by a steady rain setting in from the eastward, and continuing without intermission till Wednesday. As the temperature was warm, this rain will cause a good spring of grass, and will not, we think, much injure those pastoralists who have commenced lambing. The sown crops will be much benefited, and the softening of the ground will facilitate the operations of those who plough late. Cranky Plain and Bombala Rivers have risen considerably. The Braidwood Monitor, of Tuesday, says:-Wo havo been blossod with a nice fall of rain, which commenced on Friday last, and continued nearly all that day, and since then wo have han occasional showers. Tho rain was gentío, which sank wall into the ground. This downponr has been of great benefit to the crops, and the gross in all directions has assumed a far different appearance in a very short time. From the Manning it is reported by the Newt of Saturday, that during tho greater portion of the past week tho sky has worn quite a wintory aspect with evcrv appearance of abundant rain - than which nothing is more generally or more earnestly desired. But with tie exception of ono or two very slight showers, scarcely sufficient to lay tho dust, and certainly not enough to penetrate half an inch below tho surface of tho soil, we have had no rain ot Tinonee. Wo aro, however, of opinion that «ho ont-pour must havo been greater to the south- east, from which quarter the wind has been steadily blowing. 