WREOK OF THE QUEEN OF TITE THAfES.. (From t;e Cape Argne, April 4.) The Qa een of the Thames was one of the finest steamships afloat. er register tonnago meas 2607; and her arrangements and establishment on board were in every respect first-class. She was thle pioneer ship of wa s line of steamers to Auestralie; and her voyage out was sueh as to give a proper degree aof rl - to the venture. In fact, there sas qilte a ruhel of applicants aaxious to get passoges in tier for tile voyage home-from the late Premier of New South Wales downward. She left Melbourne on the 18th February with some ninety firet-elass passengers and about an equal number in the seooad-class, and withll a cargo on board valued at little less than £100,000. The run saeross from Australia was most favourable, and the passengers were looking forward to a still more pleasurable month after they had passed the Gape. Their first idea, we beliseve, was to go right on for ft. Helena ; but the reals they had on board were euch as to recommend a visit to Table Bay, which the passengers anticipated with delight, as it would give them a couple of days on sbore, including a run to Gonstantia and all the other lions about ape Town. The first land was made on Thursday, the 16th Marhob, and from the descriptions we have heard of it, it must have been the Cockscomb Mountain, in land from St. Frances Bay. At noon, on Friday, they were in longitude 2188 east,-that is tosay, abreast of the Gouritz liver, some distance on this side of Mosetl Bay. Agulhas is in long. 20, or a distanee of a little more than a hundred miles to the westward. They had a head-wind to contend with, and the speed could not have been more than about seven knots an hour. At 8 o'clock on Friday night, a light was seen on shore, which, we imagine, the csptain mast have supposed to be the Agulhas light house, but which the passengers declared distinctly to have been only a bush-fire with a halo of smoke aroned it. Later in the night, at half-past eleven, the land apptared distinctly on the starboard bow, and at balf-past one the vessel struck, steering about a north-west course, right on the beach to the eastward of Struys Bay,-the captain apparently useing under the impression that he had passed L'Aolhas, and was forging on ahead towards False -ay, sad, indeed, within a few hours of Simon's Bay. The shock of the vessel striking, and bumping, and grinding amid the breakers, of course roused all the pasengers. The ladies and children all got up and resse , awaiting the unknown perils impending over them. Ths equanimity among them was wondersful, and the oflicersa of the ship were equally rompt and ready, awaiting the break of daylight. e boats were all clear on the darvits, and water and provisions supplied to them, as it was quite onoertain where the vessel had struck or what farther hazards they might have to encounter. The da~l, dreary interval of four hours of course passed heavily. At last the daylight broke; the ?ote were lowered, and the paesengers were landed nwithout a single mishap. Thisoecupied thetime until eight o'elock, and we are informed by the passengers that nothing could be more brave and noble than the sondnot of the crew throughout the perilous venture- the vessel all the time being some half mile or mile from the shore. During theday the luggage was being worked ashore; and in the afternoon the only fatal ao-idente connested with the wreck occurred. A boat upset in the surf about one o'clock p.m., by which three persons-Harris sand Lacey, stewards, and Hsutlchns, a seaman-were drowned, and later in the Iayjst before sunset, the boat sent to bring off those emasn on board, ?iz. :--The firstofheer, Mr. Rowe, of whom every one speaks in the highest terms, and Mr.Miller, the chiefengineer, and Mr. Cox, the purser, who, with other enubordinate officers, were still on board. They signalized to the shore for assistanee. The first attempt to relieve them was abortive, the boat being drifted far to leeward. Anumberof vonlun teersoame forward and carried the boat to the wind wa?r, and at last she was ableto fetchthe vessel. Mr. Cor; the parser, wan still nnwilling to leave the ship; but his brother offiaers pointed out that in the circum stennes it was his duty to do so, and he did. On the returntrip of the boata heavy sea was running, the little eraft ws epithed bow uhder, apparently right upon the sand, while her stern was slewed round and the resslt was that poor Mr. Gox was drowned. Every passenger we have met with speaks of Mr. Cox in the most sespeetft, and almot affeetionate, terms. Heo was a thorogh fvonrite, during the royage, with everybody. If ny little basinens had to be arranged on board, he was the man to do it at once, and in the mot simple and agreeable fashion. An htuirn into the loss of the vessel was held at Sieduas8p before the Resident Magistrate of that dis triot on the 3th March. The following is some of theb svidence taken:- .Oaptain 3'Donald: I am the commander of the British steam-ship Queen of the Thames. She stranded on Saturday morning, the 18th instant, close to Struys Point, aboutflfteen miles tothe eastward; the tonnage o?fthe vesasel is 217, or thereabouts. Iam a native of 8btlland, in the county of Morayehire. I took ep*smsans by sun and stars, but they were never tny-four hours correct. One compass, I might y;,ltght be bending south, and another west, and ?othspsuabsbly north-east. I sailed from Melbourne niawth Fethibruary last, at one p.m. I had a pros 'voyage up to the time of the accident. I iret .aland on the 17th March, at 8.80 p.m., making the lsinft within a mile of my calculation. I am ac gnalnted with the coast, and considered myself ac quainted with the danger of the current, and made due allowance for the same. According to the best of my judgment, it was about thirty-Sve miles bwhen Ilest sighted land. Immediately I made Coape Besif Itook observations, which proved my former aluonlations were correct. On that day I did not sp proeah nearer to the coast, but gradually drew off. bonut sunset I lost sight of the coast entirely. It was a moderately clear night, and I could have distin guished the coast had We been near enough,-I mean at sunnset. When we next saw land was noon on Friday. Could I have seen it distinctly, I believe I should have known it ; but there was a haze over the land. It was owing to the formation of the coast that we came near land again, having kept thle same course. On that day at noon I took observations by sir differ eat chronometers, and the greatest difference between the six was one and three-quarter mile, the mean of thesair being only a quarter of a mile from standard chronometer. It is an unosual thing for a ship to have sin chronometers. I believe they are all on shore. Prom- thence I sheped my course for Cape L'Agulhas, bearing from fifteen to eighteen miles. She did not get furtlher to the westward than the spot wher we atruck. About 9 o'clock p.m.I sighted the land, and alight whiheb I took to be Cape L'Agulhas. I kept on my couonrse for an hour or more,and then shaped a onuse for the Cape of Good Hope, steering west and bynorth, northerly, being fully persunaded that t?e light Isaw was L'Agulhas, being a fined bright light,and considered that I had overrun my distance. I did not simply rely on my own judgment, but con anlted all my offieers as to the nature ofthe light, and even sent an oeiler aloft, Mr. Murray, the second oefoer, with the night glasses, who con flrmed me in my opinion. All the officers saw the light. I believe I was keeping my proper distance from the coast. I took soundings, and found no bot toes at the depth of about sinty fathoms; four hours afterwards I took another east, with the same result. Then I did not ase land after that time until the time of the socident, which oecurred about 1 a.m. or 115 a.m. on the morning of Saturday, the 18th March. Nothing onusnal wasn observed. At the time I feltthn ship strike, I was taking my usual round in theealoon to see that all lights were out. Two nights before one of the state rooms was found in a blaze. At the time of theacsident, the chief oilceer, Mr. Rowe, was in chasge. Since I left London my standisg orders wmee that I should be celled every two hours, and I believe no longer time elapsed between my visits on deck. Immediately I felt the vessel strike, I went on deck and took charge of the ship out of the officer's com mand. The first order was for the engines to go astern full speed, and I sent for the carpenter to sound the seeral compartments. I also sent for the chief engtneer, and begged of him to use every moansne at his disposal and give her an extra pressure of steam to bak her off. I should tlhink the slip was drawing about eighteen and a half feet of water. Wlaen the pumps were sounded in the fore-compartment, there were three or four feet of water, and the other compartments comparatively nothling. It was very dark when the ship struck ; breakers were observed about a cable's length ahead of thie ship,. Shortly after the ship struck, the land was discovered, elhieh loomed a long way off. A soon as practieablo every preparation was made for landing passengers and crew. I sounded round the ship and found her fast as far as the mizen mast. I believe one of the officers Ihas the partilulars of the souondings. In thie hurry of the moment I cannot recollect what they were. I landed every soul safe with the exception of the purser, who ws capsised in the afternoon in attempting to land Sa boat put off from the ashore. I may state that the purser hald all the ship's papers and acoute with hlim, and I believeo they were all lost, including my certillcate. I I.hink the number of my certificate was 22,161. It was high water at tihe time of theaccident. Owing to tie great impetus of the ship it was some time before her way could be stayed, and she was by that time on the beach inside tihe rooeef. Whoen slo first struck the reef it was shabout a mile and a half from the shore. I attribute the loss of my ship to the great disarrangrmont of my compasses, and the very strong and uncertoain current. I also consider the strong bright fixed light observed by myself and officers was suillcient to deceive any slip-manster, more especially from myself hav ing run my distance. Tihe light was observed close to shore, and was then distant ten or twelve miles. I have an interest in tie vessel, whichl is only partially insured. I estimate my share at aboue £10,000. I am not certain, but consider not more tehan half is covered by insurance. I believe the remaining own ers of the ship are insured in about the same ratio as myself, but cannot speak with aney certainty. In ad dition to the interest in the ship, I had, among the passengers, my wife on board. In conclusion, I atsri bute the loss of the ship to the three facts previouslyI mentioned-first, thle fired brighlt liglht on shore, whlich was mistaken by myself and oficers for the L'Agulhas light, thereby causing ms to take and shape a course for Cape Point sooner than I should otherwise have done; secondly, the current setting in an opposite direction, and stronger in shore tlsan laid down in the directions, which I have subsequently ascertained to be six knots ; thirdly, to the total disarrangement of thee compasses, notwithstanding the vessel baving been swung at the last port at Melbourae, and furnished with a card of deviation, whleh mly daily observations proved to be unreliable and totally at variance with I the course made good. Thomds Frank Roweo: I am the chief officer on board the ship Queen of the Thames. I joined her at Melbouree, andhave been in Ier about two months. On Thursday, the 16th March, at about 330 p.m., we sighlted Cape Eecif. I believe I took no part in navigating the ship. It is not usual for the chief officer to do so. I kept the log. I believe the book was lost wilth tie eapsizing of the boat when I was landing. I am quite sure it was in the boat, and has not been found since. I may mention it was lost at the same time that the purser was drowned. I can not swear it was Cape Recif we sighted first, but in the evening we again lost sight of land, and did not sight land again until we struck. At about eiglht o'clock on Friday night, we observed a bright fixed light which we supposed to be L'Agulhlas. It was my watchl below between the hours of eight o'clock and twelve o'clock, whelon I again came on deck and took command of the ship; from the time of aty relieving watch up to the time of the stranding, which was about 1 o'clock a.m. on Saturday, did not observe land, as there was a hazse along the shore and a dark cloud above. The captain was on deck when I came up at 12 o'clock, and stayed with me half-an- hour. Before going below, he told me he was keeping her half-a-point more to the westward, in order to keep clear of everything. Land was not visible, nor had it been reported to me as visible by the man on the look-out. When I came on deck at 12 o'clock, the ship was under steam only, and going about tan knots. The first notice I had of the accident was the ship grating on the bottom. I was near the man at the wheel at the time, walking towards the bridge. Imme diately I felt the grating the third officer, Mr. Clark, telegraphed to the engine-room to full speed astern, which was done. He then loosened all top-sails to try and back her off, the wind being right off the land. The vessel bent in her own length before she could be stopped. Immediately the vessel struck, the captain came on to the bridge, and took charge, and cleared away to get boats ready, and soundbd all round the ship. I found three fathoms amidships, the point where the vessel was feast. At daylighlt, we commenced landing passengers. I hold a master's certificate myself, and in my opinion the ship was properly managed and navigated, and overy proper measure taken after the accident for the saving of the ship, life, and cargo. At the suggestion of thie agents of Lloyds', the magistrate put the question whether witness ever saw the captain drunk or intemperate?-Witanoss: No, Augustus Berny Murray : I am second officer on board tihe Queen of the Thames. I joined the ship while she was building at Glasgow. I hold a chlief officer's ce~rtificate, and went in the shipto Melbourne as second officer. Nothing particuleroceurred during the voyage out excepting the general disurrangement of the compasses, which are used on board of iron ships. Up to Thursday, the 16th instant, we made a fairly prosperous voyage. On that day we first sighted land about Cape Recif. I think we were about thirty five miles distant. Not having worked out the obser vations, I cannot say positively. On Friday evening, the 17th instant, at 8 o'clock, I observed a large fire on shore, a bush-fire, also a very bright fixed light, which I supposed to hbe the light of Cape L'Agulhas. It was to the westward of the bush-fire, and about twelve miles off. We lost aight of the light at about 11 o'clork, when it was four points abaft the beam. There were two men on the look-out, one on either bony; the look-outs had not reportedland. I fancied I could see land, but as it was hazy and a cloudy sky, I might hlave been mistaken, particularly know ing that land was to starboard. I reported my opinion to the captain, who altered the course about two points and a half by our compasses, dead to seaward. I went below at 12 o'clock and slept. I was awoke by the vessel striking, and immediately went on deck in my shirt. I found the captain on the bridge. I consider the captain did everything that was proper and necessary, both before and after the accident. I have been twenty-one years at sea, ten of which I hlave been an offlicer. I consider the captain an excel. lent navigator; and he was unremitting in his atten tion to his duties. I have sailed with the captain for upwards of four years, and during that time I can state that I never knew him to be out of his calcu lation in making land. Since I have known Captain M'Donald he has always been a very temperate man. I am esuro he was quite sober at thie time of the acci dent. Charles Wells : I was one of the quarter-masters on board tie Queen of the Thames. I was at the wheel at the time the accident happened. I observed no thing unusual at the time the vessel struck. We were then steering north by west by thle binnacle compass. I was surprised when the vessel struck. I remained at the wheel and awaited the captain's orders. Whlen t?he engines were reversed I received orders to put the helm hard a starboard, which I did. Being an able and experienced seaman, I can state, after crossing the Line and getting into the southern hemisphere, the binnaele or steering compass was totally unreliable. So unsteady was it many times during the voyage, the captain would ask me where I was steering to, when I was found to be correct, and the compass had veered three ho four points in the course of one watch. The inquiry was hereo closed by the Resident Magis trate. Decision.--The court finds tlhat there is no blame to be attached either to the captain or any one of the nates, nor any of thle crew on board; attributing the cause of the stranding of thie British ship Queen of the Thames,-firstly, to the disarrangenesnt or devia tion of tlhecompasses on board; secondly, to the un steadiness and uncertainty of the current in that locality; thirdly, to a bright fixed light, and a bush Sre that wra burning before the accident, and which was calculated to mislead the managers of that vessel. The court has therefore no reason for cancelling or suspending the certificates of either the captain or any of the mates, but is of opinion that they are respectively entitled to retain the same, J. H. HrotrnE. When the report of these proceedings reached Cape Town great dissatisfaction was expressed at them, th inquiry having been held by thie magistrate alone, withlout the assistance of nautical assessors. Anothler inquiry was ordered by the Government, to be held in Cape Town. Before this court-which was composed of the acting resident magistrate, with Sir Thomas •Iaclear, late astronomer royal, and Lieutenant Arch deacon, of HI.MS. Sirius, as assesresors--the calptain declined to appear. Ther court commenced its sittings on the 3rd of April, and was coutinuing the inquiry when the mail left. A correspondent writes, in reference to the above: \-- 'I consider the Fresent a proper time to broach a subject that buhas for a long time occupied my mnind, and lhope it nmay meet a candid sand fair consideration by our legislators. That it will ultimately booime aw I hlave no doubt-that it will be fiercely opposed is certain. 1 reler to thle practice of casting seiploade of hmnan beings on these shores. That those of the Gambia and Queen of the Thames were not drowned was more by God's providence and mercy than bytho e scionce and ena;tionl ability of the respective com manders, one of lwhose chronometers was twelve minutes out, and only found out a day or two ago. The other has yet to give an account of himself. What I propose is to make the practioe of taking lunars compulsory-to compel every passenger ship to carry and keep in good order a complete set of noutical instruments for the use of the passengers, who shall have the right to delegate oneor more of tlheir number to take obserovations with those of the navigating offieer, and compare results. That among so many civilians as were on board the abovenamed steamers, one or more could not have been found capable of verifying their position is not to be thought of. It is, moreover, certain that no conscientious commander would demur to aueh a precaution being taken by a cargo of souls and bodies." Amongst the evidence taken at the second inquiry was that of Mr. Goyder, which was as follows:-I am Surveyor-General of South Australia, and was a pas senger by thle Queen of thile Thames; during the voy age we publishled a newspaper on board, to which I contributed; I obtained from the captain a statement eshowing eachl day's latitude and longitude, the course, tile diet.ane run, and tihe direction of tihe wind, which I tahulated; these particulars were published up to the 16tlh; I obtained the returns for thie 17th, but they were not published; in consequence of our anti cipated arrivel in Table Bay, the last paper, which was dated the 18th, was read on the evening of the 17th; the returns for thle 17tll were chlalked up on a board in thile usual manner; I took the figures from tihe board; observations were taken during the voyage by the captain, and thle second, third, and fourthl mates; one of tihe junior oflcers used to put up the board; the return for the 17th was latitude 3a dog 53 min. south, longitude 21 deg. 88 min. east, course west; I spent most of the afternoon on thle 17th in preparing the newspaper; in the evening we had an entertain ment and I went to bed; I noticed before going to bed that the course had been altered, but I do not know at what hour this was done; the ship was steering 1.W.,judging by the stars; I went to bad at half past 10; I was very anxious, and said to another pas senger that I wished the night was over; I had seon the shore and a map of the coast, and I knew the course we were steering; thle map I saw was an ordinary sone, and about two feet square; I saw a light on shore a little before 8 that evening ; it seemed tome to have a halo around it; it was a fixed light, baut did not look like a lighthouse ; at that time the light was on the starboard beam; we could now and then make out tile land on the starboard boeam; we saw no land on tihe starboard bow ; in thIe evening, during the entertainment, which consisted of musie and reading, thecaptain announced that L'Agulhas light was abeam; after the ontertainment I went on deck; I did not then see a light on tile land ; the night was hazy to wards thle land, and there was no moon; after I ihad been in bed some time, I was awoke by a passenger who said the ship was on shore; I don't think tihe shipt could hIave made more than sir knots from noon on the 17th until I wentto bed; the wind was against us; I saw the patent log dragging behind on thle previous day; I did not bear any report made to the officer in charge on the 17th as to the speed of the ship; I never saw an azimuth observationtaken on board; I have had a good deal of experience in, and am professionally acquainted with, the taking of ob servations; I often tested the steering compass; it was about four and a.hlalf points out; I never looked at the standard compass on tile bridge ; I am accue tomed to take observations; supposing the ship was heading due west, then the compass would show N.W. by N.; this I ascertained by glancing at the compass, and not by observations; after the ship had struck, I took bearings from tile shore, and found she was head ing magnetic N. 14 W.; the true bearing would be nearly N.W.; I never saw any comparisons made of the compasses. 