WRECK OF THE QUEEN of the THAMES. From the Sydney Morning Herald of June 5 and 6, we haye full extracts from Cape of Good Hope papers, giving details of the wreck of the Queen of the Thames, and the subsequent proceedings. We arrange the extracts in approximate chronological order as follows : The Cape Standard roports :-This magni ficent steamer, the pioneer of a new line owned by Messrs. Devitt and Moore, so well known in the Australian trade- is another case showing the danger of hugging the land too closely. A full- power steamer, well found, in overy respect, with nearly350 souls on board, adds another to the long list of disasters on this coast From all accounts, the South. African coast was clearly seen on the 16th March, 26 days out from Melbourne. On the 17th, land was plainly visible, and during the day a heavy sea was running. When the passengers retired to their cabins, about 11 p.m., the land could be seen. All were in hopes, from the supposod position of the ship, of being safely anchored in Table Bay on Saturday afternoon. But about 1.15 on Saturday morning, the 18th, the ship struck to the eastward of Struys Bay. Never was daylight more anxiously looked for. What surprised the passengers most was the smooth- ness of the water after the heavy sea running a few hours previously ; it appeared as if the steamer, from the course she was steering when she struck, N. 14 W., had run out of the heavy sea, and got into a tranquil bay. When daylight broke the prospect was not a cheering one. The coast was os dreary as well could be imagined, but fortunately the sea remained smooth, and all the passongers woee landed safely. But we regret to say Mr. Cook, the purser, who was highly re- spected, was drowned, as were two sailors. When on shore the passengers had not got over their hardships. They landed on a desolate beach. They had no provisions whatever, but through the energy and con- sideration of Mr. Danvers, the representative of Messrs. Barry and Nephews, those passen- gers who had families were at once conveyed to shelter, and ultimately all the passongers were forwarded to town. Boforo the magistrate of Bredasdorp a court of inquiry was hold on March 27. Tho following aro the statements of the captain and of the first and second officers : Captain M'Donald, sworn, states,-I ara the commander of the British steamship Queen of the Thames. She stranded on Saturday morning, the 18th March, close to Struys Point, about 15 miles to tho eastward. The tonnago of the vessel is 2,617, or there- abouts. I am a native of Scotland, in tho county of Moraysbire. I took my final de- parture from Plymouth on or about the 20th November last, and I arrived at Molbourno in 55 days from that date safely, nothing further ocourring on my way than tho disarrangement of my compasses during my voyage. I took evory means to correct them by sun and stars, but they wore never 24 hours correct. One compass, I might say, might be bending south, and another weat, and another probably north-east. No disaster happened on tho voyago. I have been on tho eastern track all my life. I havo been 28 years at sea. Centered as a boy some 17 years of age. Altogether 1< have boen 12 years a commander, mostly to Calcutta and to Melbourne-not as master, butas mate. I took a cargo at Mel- bourne, consisting of molasses, tallow, hides, coppor-oro, wool, gold, sovereigns, specio, ana other articles of morcbandiso. I cannot say tho general valuo. I sailed from Melbourne on the 18th February last, at 1 p.m. I had a pros porous voyage up to the time of tho accident. I first saw land on the 17th March, at half-past 3 p.m., making the land within a milo of my calculation. I' am acquainted with the coast, and considered myself acquainted with tho dungor of the current, and made duo allow- ance for the samo. According to tho best of my judgmont, it was about 35 miles whon I first sighted land. Immediately I mado Capo Kocif, I took observations, which proved my former calculations were correct. I was steering west by south. Such is tbo correct course for the coast. On that day I did not approach nearer to the coast, but gradually drew off. About sunset I lost sight of tho coast entirely. It was a moderately oloar night, and I could have distinguished the coast had we heennear enough-I mean atsunsot. When we next saw land was noon on Friday. Could I havo seen it distinctly I believe I should have known it ; but there was a bazo over the land. It was owing to the formation of tho coast that wo came near land again, having kop!; the same course. On that day at noon I took observations by six differont chrono- meters, and tho greatest difference between the six was one and throe-quarter miles, the mean of the six being only a quarter of a milo from standard chronometer. It is an unusual thing for a ship to have six chronometers. I beliovo they aro all on shore. From thenco I shaped my course for Capo L'Agulhas, bearing from 15 to l8 miles. She did not get further to tho westward than the spot whore wo struck. About 0 o'clock p. m. I sighted the land,, and a light which I took to bo that of Cape L'Agulhas. I kept on my courso for about an hour or more, and then shaped a course for the Cape of Good Hope, steering west and by north northerly, being fully persuaded that the light I saw was L'Agulhas, being a fixed bright light, and considered that I had overrun my distance. I did not simply rely on my own judgment, but con- sulted all my officers as to the nature of the light, and even sent an officer aloft, Mr. Murray, the second officer, with the night glasses, who confirmed me in my opinion. All tho officers saw tho light. I boliovo I was keeping my proper distança from the coast. I took soundings, and found no bottom at the depth i of about 00 fathoms. Four hours afterwards I took another cast with tho same result. Then I did not soo land after that timo until the time of the accident, which occurred about 1 a.m. or a quarter past 1 a.m. on the morning of Saturday, tho 18th March. Nothing unusual was observed. At the time I felt the ship strike I was taking my usual round in the saloon to see that ali lights were out. Two nights boforo one of the state-rooms was found in a blaze. At the timo of the accident tho chief officer, Mr. Howe, was in charge. Since I loft London my stand- ing orders were that I should bo called every two hours, and I believe no longer- timo ~ elapsed betwoon my visits on deck. Imme- diately I felt the vessel strike, I went on deck, and took chargo of the ship out of tho officer's command. The first order was for the engines to go astern full speed, and I sent for the car- penter to sound the sovoral compartments. I also sent for the chief engineer, and begged of him to use evory means at his disposal, and give her an extra pressure of steam to back her off. I should think the ship was drawing about 18Jf t, of water. Whoa tho pumps wero sounded in tho foro-compart ment there was 3ft. or 4ft. of wator, and tho other compartments comparatively nothing. Tho number of tho ship's company was 110 all told. It was very dark when tho ship struck. Breakers wero obscrvod about a cable's length ahead of the ship. Shortly after the snip struck the land was discovered, which loomed a long way off. Assoonaspracticablooverypro paration was made for landing passongers and crow. I sounded round the ship, and found hor fast as far as the mizon mast. I believe one of theofficershasthoparticulars of tho soundings. In the hurry of tho moment I cannot recollect what they were. I landed evory soul safo with the exception of tho purser, who was capsized in the afternoon in attempting to land in a boat put off from tho shoro. I may state that the pursor had all the ship's papers and accounts with bim, and I believe they woro all lost, including my certificate. I think the number of my certificate was 2,101» It was high water at the time of the accident. Owing to tho great impetus of tho ship it waa. somo time before her way could be -stayed» and she was by that timo on the beach insido the reef. When she firststruck thereof it was about a milo and a half from the shoro. I form this opinion from subsequent observa- tion, I considersboisabontonemilofromhigh i wator mark now ; the tide risos and falls insido, and at high water thoro ia about l«ft of water in the hold. I attribute the loss of my ship to the groat disarrangement of my compassés, and the very strong and uncertain current. I also consider tho strong bright fixed light observed by myself and officers was Bufiiciont to deceive any shipmaster, moro especially from myaolf having run my distance. Tbo light was obBorvod close to Bboro, and wob then distant 10 or 12 miles. The vessel was built in 1870, under my own instructions, for Messrs. Dovitt and Moore and others. I havo an interest in the vessol, 8- C4, registered in namo of John Napier, which is only partially insured. I estimate my share at about £10,000,1 am not, certain, but consider not more than half i* coveiod by insurance. I beliovo the passougow, with the exception of throo, are all, either in or on thoir way to Cape Town, ap.d arrasge» monts have boon made to forward them to 1 thoir port of destination, I boliovo the re- maining owners of the shb* oro insured, in about ino same ratio as r^ysolf, but cannot I gpoak with any certainty, |n addition,(O tito. interestin the ship« I had among thepassengers my wife on board. In conclusion, 1 attribute the loss of the ship to the three facts previ- ously, mentioned.-1. The, fired bright light on »the shore, which was' mistaken by my- self and officer-i for the L'Agulhas light, thereby causing me to "take and shape a course for Cape Point sooner than I should otherwise have done. 2. The current setting in an opposite direction, and stronger in shore than laid down in the directions, which I bave subsequently ascertained to be six knots. 3.iTo the total disarrangement of the com- passes, notwithstanding the vessel having been swung at the lost port at Melbourne, and, furnished with a card of deviation, which my daily observations proved to be unreliable, and totally at variance with the course made good. Thomas Frank Rowe, duly sworn, states, I am the chief officer on board the ship Queen of the Thames. I joined her at Mel- bourne, and have been in her about two months. The vessel is now stranded at the place locally known as Klippestrand, Nothing particular occurred during the voyage. On Thursday, the ICth March, at about half-past 3 p.m., we sighted Cape Recif. I believe I took no part in navigating the ship. It is not usual for the chief officer to do so. I kept tho log, I believe the book was lost with the capsizing of the boat when I was landing. I am quite sure it was in the boat, and has not been found since, I may mention it was lost at the same time the purser was drowned. I can- not swear it was Cape Recif we sighted first, but in the evening we again lost sight of land, and did not sight land again until we struck. At about 8 o'clock on Friday night we ob- served a bright fixed light which we supposed to bo L'Agulhas. It was my watch below between the hours of 8 o'clock and 12 o'clock, when I again came on deck and took com- mand of the ship. From the time of my re- lieving watch, 12 o'clock, up to the time of the stranding, which was about 1 o'clock a.m. on Saturday, the 18th March, I did not observo land, as there was a haze along tho shore and a dark cloud above. Just before the accident we were steering west-north- west, true course. I was under the im- pression, from the course set, that we had passed L'Agulhas. The captain was on deck when I came up at 12 o'clock, and stayed with me half-an-hour. Before going below he told me he was keeping her half a point more to the westward, in order to keep clear of every- thing. Land was not visible, nor had it been reported to me as visible by the man on the look-out. Before 8 o'clock no soundings were taken. I am not aware whether any were token afterwards. Soundings might have beenltaken without my knowing of it. When I came on deck at 12 o'olock the ship was under steam only, and going about 10 knots, The first notice I had of the acci- dent was the ship grating on the bottom. I was xear the man at the wheel at the time, walk- ing towards the bridge. Immediately I felt the grating the third officer, Mr. Clark, tele- graphed to the engine-room to full speed astern, which was done. He then loosened all top-sails to try and back her off, the wind leing right off the land, the vessel bent in her ownlengthbefore she could be stopped. Imme- diately the vessel struck the captain came on the bridge, and took charge, and cleared away to get boats ready and sounded all round the ship. I found three fathoms, amidships, the joint where the vessel was fast. At daylight we commenced landing passengers. All hands left the ship excepting myself, purser, and chief engineer, also several cuddy servants. We landed in the evening in one of our boats sent off from the shore. The boat was cap- sized on the passago, when the purser, Mr. Cox, was drowned, having with him most of the ship's papers, accounts, and money, which were all lost. The vessel, I consider, is about a mile from the shore. I left the scene of the wreck yesterday, the 20 th March. She was about in the same position, possibly a little closer. When we Bounded the pumps, I do not remember that there was much water, but now there are 16ft. of water in her at high tide. I believe that a considerable portion of her bottom is out, from the fact of some cargo and stores having washed on shore. I attributed the loss of the ship to the adverse and uncer- tain current and the general disarrangement of the compasses. She is on iron ship, with iron masts and yards, and steel rigging. I hold a master's certificate myself, and in my opinion the ship was properly managed and navigated, and every proper measure taken after the accident for the saving of the ship, life, and cargo. At the suggestion of the agents of Lloyd's, the magistrate put the question whether witness ever saw the captain drunk or intem- perate. Witness.-No, never. Augustus Berny Murray, sworn, states,-I am second officer on board the Queen of the Thames. I joined the ship while she was building at Glasgow. I hold a chief officer's certificate, and went in the ship to Melbourne as second officer. Nothing particular occurred during the voyage out excepting the general disarrangement of the compasses, which are used on board of iron ships. We arrived at Melbourne on or about tho 16th January last, discharged, and took in. cargo, and left again on or about the 18th February, and up to Thursday, the 16th inst, made a fairly prosperous voyage. On that day we first sighted land about Cape Recif. 1 think we were about 35 miles distant. Not having worked out the observations, I cannot say positively. There was a haze over the land at the time. I cannot say how we were then steering, although it was my watch on deck. We were steering along the coast a littio off. At sundown we lost sight of land, and made tho land again the following day a long distance off, scarcely visible-cer- tainly moro than 30 miles. An hour after we were out of sight of land again, and keeping off. On Friday evening, the 17th inst, at 8 o'clock, I observed a large fire on shore, a bush fire ; also a very bright, fixed light, which 1 supposed to be tho light of Cape L'Agulhas; it was to the westward of the bush fire, and about 12 miles off. We lost sight of the light at about 11 o'clock, when it was bearing four points abaft the beam. There were two men on tho look-out, one on either bow. The look-outs had not reported land. I fancied I could see land, but as it was hazy and a cloudy sky I might have been mistaken, particularly knowing that land was to starboard. I reported my opinion to the captain, who altered the course about two points and a half by our compasses dead to seaward. I went below at 12 o'clock, and slept I was awoke by the vessol strik- ing, and immediately went on deck in my shirt. I found the captain on the bridge. From the time of our first seeing land until the vessel struck the vessel was under steam only. The first ordor I received from the captain was to get the boats ready for landing. When I came on deck the enginos had been reversed, and orders were given to set the topsails, which was done, to assist the engines to endeavour to back her off. I do not think she backed at all. At 5 o'clock on Saturday morning we commenced landing the passengers and crew. All hands were landed excepting the purser, who was drowned. Two of the ship's company, in attempting to go off again to the ship, con- trary to orders, were drowned by the capsiz- ing of the boat. I consider the captain did everything that was proper and necessary both before and after the accident. I havo been 21 years at sea, 10 of which I have been an officer. I have made several voyages to the eastward, but this is my first to the southern colonies. I assisted the captain in navigating the ship. I consider the captain an excellent navigator, and he was unremitting in his attention to bis duties. I can only attribute the accident to the fact of the un- steadiness of our compasses, the deception of the light observed, which I consider was capable of misleading any shipmaster, and the very strong adverse current which must Jiave been running at the time. I havo .soiled with the captain for upwards of four years, and during that timo I can state i that I never knew him to be out of his calculation in making land. Since I have known Captain M'Donaid, he has always been a very temperate man. I am sure he was quite sober at tho timo of the accident. The officers of the ship, as well1 as the quarter-master, who was at the wheel at the time of the accidont, I con- sider steady, able, and efficient men. I saw the ship yesterday for the last timo, and it was reported to mo sho had 16ft of water in lier at high tide. I was on board her last, Thursday : she had then 10ft. of water in her îiold atebb-tido. In my opinion sho is a total -wreck. Other witnesses were also examined, but their evidence does not materially affect the above. The following decision was then given : \--"TheCourt finds that there is no blamo to be attached either to the captain or any one '-of, the mates nor any of the crew on board ; attributing the cause of the stranding of the \- British iron ship Queen of the Thames-1 ' firstly, to the disarrangement or deviation of the eompasses on board ; secondly, to the un- steadiness and uncertainty of toe current in that locality ; thirdly, to a bright fixed light and a bush- fire that was burning before the -accident, and which was calculated to mis ' lead the managers of that vessel. The Court htm, therefore, no reason for cancelling or suspending the certificates of -either the cap- tain w ms pi tbe mates, but ia oí opinion that they are respectively'entitled' to iretaih the same.-J. E. Hokmbyee." A subsequent paper states :-" The scene at tho sale of the wreck of the Queen of tho Thames on Strays ,Bay .beach was quite a lively one. CapoTown merchants were there to the number of about a dozen, and "others from Swellendam, and Mossel Bay, and all the country round. The Bismarck was in tho offing, and only one of her passengers from Algoa Bay ventured ashore. This was Mr. Lippert, and his pluck and daring in ventur- ing in a life-boat through the surf wero much, admired by every one. Mr. Dan- vers, of the firm of Barry and Nephews, offi- ciated as auctioneer. Several of the goods onboard, as indicated by the manifest, wero first put up in detail, and very high prices in Borao cases absurdly high prices-were offered. Afterwards the whole was put up in one lot. The Cape Town merchants had formed a sort of alliance or company, some 12 of them agreeing to take £1,600 a-piece. The bidding became extremely spirited be- tween those on the one side, and the Port Elizabeth gentlemen on the other, for whom, however, the bidder was a Mr. Miller, of Mossel Bay. When the figure rose to £15,000, one or two of the Western men began to hesitate and flinch, and thereupon the whole affair was knocked down to the Port Elizabeth Company, among whom, however, we aro informed that two Cape Town merchants and one Mossel Bay merchant have shares. If the weather holds on at all favourable, they will reap a very handsome harvest from the venture they have made. The latest accounts from the place report that the vessel is holding together very firmly, and likely to do so for a week or two at least. The sailors having been accused of robbery and wanton destruction of luggage, the following letter was addressed by a number of tbem to the Cape Argus:-"In a notice of the wreck of the Queen of the Thames in the Argus of March 25, we find some very untrue and unfair remarks on the conduct of tho sailors to tho passengers. It is said that most of the sailors belonging to the vessel, instead of doing what they could to assist the passengers, did all in their power to annoy them. It is further insinuated that the boxes and trunks were tampered with, or plun- dered. Now, sir, on our own behalf, and on behalf of the crew, we give this state- ment the most emphatic and complete con- tradiction. So far from annoying the pas- sengers, we did all in our power to secure the safe custody of the passengers and their bag- gage from the ship to the shore. Even if some of the crew misconducted themselves, that is no reason why all should be blamed for the faults of a few. But we ourselves observed nothing in the conduct of any of them to call for these censures, and we think it very hard and unjust they should be made. Hoping you will insert this in justice to the sailors, we remain, &c;, James Freeman, boatswain's mate ; James Bussey, John Her- hört, George Castle. Francis Brown, Frederick Rhode, James Dalrymple, Samuel Weaver, Samuel Lowe, George Tree, S. John, John Lord, William Allen, Joseph Boss. James Hill. Cape Town, 29th March, 1871.'' Of the conduct of the ladies and other pas- sengers during the time when they knew not what fate was impending, a passenger thus speaks :-"Theshock of the vessel striking, and bumping, and grinding amid the breakers, of course rousod all the passengers/ The ladies and children all got up and dressed, awaiting the unknown .perils impending over them. The equanimity among them was wonderful, and the officers of the ship were equally prompt and ready, awaiting the break of daylight." The passengers by the vessel held a meeting, at which they passed resolutions thanking the officers and the crew for their courage, coolness, and bravery in saving lives and goods. A subscription was started to remu ncrate these brave men for the loss of their baggage whilst attending to that belonging to the passengers, and within 10 minutes £60 in sovereigns was paid down. It is believed that the subscription list, when it closes, will show twice that sum. It appears there were four persons drowned. The particulars of the occurrence are as fol- lows:-On the Sunday morning after the wreck a boat containing 10 men, including the purser, Mr. Cox, put off from the shore with the intention of going on board the wreck for the ship's papers ; but she had not got far when a heavy roller struck her, cap- sizing the men into the water. Six of them managed to reach the land, but in a very exhausted state, so much so that it was only with great care and attention that they were brought round again. Tho other four, how- ever, were drowned. They were Mr. Cox, ship's purser: Messrs. Harris and Lacey, stewards ; and ono seaman. The examination held by the magistrate of Bredosdorp proving unsatisfactory, a fresh inquiry was held, which is reported as fol- lows : The magistrate of Bredosdorp acquitted all concerned of blame, but the examination was so unsatisfactory that a fresh inquiry was held as follows : A court was afterwards hold by the acting resident magistrate of Capo Town into the circumstances connected with the wreck of the steamer Queen of the Thames, Sir Thomas Maclear, and Lieutenant Archdea- con, of H.M.S. SiriuB, as assessors. Mr. Fair- bridge appeared on behalf of Captain M'Donald. His Worship, in opening the proceedings, said the court was held for the purpose of taking further evidence with respect to the circumstances under which the steamer Queen of the Thames was wrecked, on the 18th of March, near L'Agulhas. Mr. Fairbridge said that on behalf of Cap- tain M 'Donald ne objected to the competency of the court in proceeding to inquire into a matter which had been already inquired into, and upon which asentence of a duly constituted court had been pronounced. Mr. Fairbridge went on to quote the acts in virtue of which courts of this character aro held, and said they contained nothing which would authorise the present proceeding. The steamer having been lost near Strays Bay onthel8thof March, on the 27th the resident magistrate of Bred- osdorp, Mr. Hofmcyer, in whose division the spot was situated, acting under orders he had received from the Government, proceeded to hold a court of inquiry. The Magistrate asked whether Mr. Fair- bridge intended to prove tho authority of Government. Mr. Fairbridge replied that if the magistrate had done an illegal act he must suffer for it, but he had said ho was acting under the orders . of the Government. He (Mr. Fairbridge) held the matter had been already decided, and the Court had found that no blame attached to the captain, the officers, or the crew, but that the stranding of the vessel was due to the disarrangement of the compass and to the current. Under these circumstances, Captain M'Donald was present, but meroly for the purpose of respectfully objecting to the com- ' potency of the Court. i Tho magistrate said it was distinctly pro- vided in the Act No. 3 of 18G3 that courts of the charactor of that which had been held i in this case did not amount to a final pro- ceeding. The Governor could at anytime1 send back a case for the reconsideration of the Court, not only as to the decision which had been come to, but with instructions to < take further evidehee. Mr. Fairbridge replied that if the inquiry was referred back it must cortainly be to the I court which took the first investigation, and that it was contrary to the spirit of the law, ' to justice, and to common sense, that a man who had been tried and acquitted should bo. put upon a second trial for the samo offence. ' The magistrate said he was satisfied the Governor had tho power to send back the1 proceedings to the court in which they com- menced, and if the Governor had resolved upon adopting that course, inasmuch as many of the officers and passengers contem- plated leaving for England the next day, aud1 the Governor being entitled to get all the evidence which was obtainable in a legitimate manner, he (the magistrate) did not feel at liberty to refuse to follow the instructions which had been given him. The magistrate then proceeded to read the evidence given by Captain M'Donald beforo the resident magistrate of Bredosdorp, and at its conclusion asked whether he had anything further to add} Captain M'Donald.-I morely appear hero out of respect to your worship and the court, and must respectfully décimo to say any- thing. Sir Thomas Maclear.-I appear here as ono of tho assessors, and I wish to put one or two questions, which no gentleman should refuse to answer. Was your ship put round when you were in Australia ? Captain M'Donald.-With tho greatest ro spect for the Court, and yourself as my senior, I must still state most firmly that I will nob answer any questions whatever. The Magistrate.-You refuse to answer any questions? Captain M'Donald.-I do. ' Sir Thomas Maclear then left the court, and tho magistrate read the evidence given at Bredasdorp by Mr. G.T. Rowe, the first officer. In reply to a question from the magistrate, Mr. ilowo said he had nothing to ada to his tolmer, evidence. &e; was on duty about an hour before the steamer struck, half of which time the captain was with him. ¡ i The Magistrate.-Have you any books or papers which will show the position of the ¡ship before she struck! I Mr. Rowe,-No. , The Magistrate. -Did you take any observa- tions during the voyage ? 1 Mr. Rowe.-I sometimes took an observa- tion for my own amusement, but I took no part in the navigation of the ship. The c1 eik then tendered the Bible to Mr. Rowe, with a view to administering the oath, but that gentleman declined to take it, until the magistrate said that if the witness refused to be sworn he should have no alternative but to commit him. The oath was then ad- ministered, and the witness said.-I do not know when I took the last observation. I did not do so after sighting the land at Recciffo. I am unable to give any information of the position of the ship after that time, but I entered the posi- tion every day in the log-book. The last time I saw the log was after the ship had struck. I saw a chart of the coast once. It was the captain's. This was the day before we sighted the land. The captain sent to me for the log after the ship had struck, and I gave it to the messenger. I can't say that he gave it to the captain. If I said in court at Bredasdorp that the log was in the boat which was upset, it must have been tho case. I never saw the ship's course marked on tbe chart hut once. I had then asked the captain to show me the chart, and he did so, I saw the course was then marked down correctly. On the day preceding the stranding of the ship I believe she was in latitude 34'57, but I do not remem- ber the longitude. On the evening before the stranding I had been on watch from 6 to 1, and then went below. I returned on deck at midnight Between 6 and 8 no report was made to me of land in sight ; a light could he seen, but it was impossible to say whether it was fixed or not. I relieved Mr. Murray, the second officer, at 12. The captain was on 'the bridge at this time. I imagined the light was L'Agulhas. I cannot remember the course from 6 to 8. She was then going from six to seven knots, under steam only. Mr. Murray reported to me when I came on deck at 12 that we had passed some high land. He did not say that land was then in sight I looked in the direction of the land, but could see nothing. The sbip's course was then W.N.W. by the standard compass. Her speedjwas 10 knots, according to my judgment. 1 do not know the deviation of the standard compass. I noticed nothing peculiar in the water before the ship struck. The weather ,was fine at midnight, with a moderate 'breeze from the W.N.W. I never saw any azimuth observations taken. I only kept the log going. The evidence of the second officer, Mr. Murray, was then read over, and, in reply to 'the magistrate, he said he had nothing to add 'to that statement. The Magistrate.-Did you assist in working the ship ? I decline to answer any questions. 'I have been tried once in the colony, and that is quite enough for me. for the same offence, i The Magistrate.-Without disputing that, I must ask you to take the oath. Mr. Murray.-I am advised not to answer any questions. The Magistrate.-Thon I must commit you. Mr. Murray.-I suppose there is some law ! to fall back upon for protection. 1 The Magistrate.-I shall now proceed to , read the other evidence, and shall leave the question as to yourself and the captain, who > have declined to answer any questions, for the present The evidence of John Harris and James ,Dulryplewas read. The latter was further examined, and said :-I was an able seamanon board the Queen of the Thames, and was on duty from 10 to 12 on the night of the 17th. I saw land on the starboard beam on going on deck at 10. I was on the port bow ; James Hill was on the starboard bow. I saw no land ahead. Harris relieved me. James Hill was called, hut did not answer, and no other witnesses being forthcoming, the magistrado inquired whether the captain and Mr. Murray persisted in their refusal to answer any questions ? The captain replied he did. Mr. Murray had in the meantime left the court. The Court then adjourned until Tuesday morning. The official inquiry into the circumstances connected with the wreck of the steamer Queen of the Thames was resumed on Tues- day morning. The magistrate was again as- sisted by Sir Thomas Maclear and Lieutenant Archdeacon, but neither Captain M'Donaid nor any of the officers of the ship were pre- sent. The following additional evidence was taken : George Woodruff Goyder.-I ara Surveyor General of South Australia, and was a pas- senger by tho Queen of the Thames. Durmg the voyage we published a newspaper on board, to which I contributed. I obtained from the captain a statemont showing each day's latitude and longitude, the course, the distance run, and the direction of the wind, which I tabulated ; these particulars were pub- lished up to the 16th. I obtained the re- turns for the 17th, but they were not published. In consequence of our anticipated arrival in Table Bay, the last paper, which was dated the 18th, was read on the evening of the 17th. The returns for the 17th were chalked up on a board in the usual manner, I took the figures from the board. Observa- tions were taken during the voyage by tho captain, and the second, third, and fourth mates. One of the junior officers used to put up the board. The return for the 17th was latitude 34.53 S., longitude 2L38 E., course W. I spent the afternoon of the 17th in preparing the newspaper. In the evening wo had an entertainment, and I went to bed. I noticed before going to bed that the course had been altered, but I do not know at what hour this was done. The ship was steering N.W., judging by the stars. I went to bed at half-past 10. I was very anxious, and said to another passenger that I wished the night was over. I had seen the shore and a map of the coast, and I knew the course we were steering. The map I saw was an ordinary one, and about 2ft. square. I saw a light on shore a little before 8 that evening. It seemed to me to have a halo round it It was a fixed light, but did not look like that of a lighthouse. At that time the light was on tbe starboard beam. We could now and then make out the land on the starboard beam. We saw no land on the starboard bow. In the evening, during the entertain- ment, which consisted of music and reading, the captain announced that L'Agul- has light was abeam. After the enter- tainment I went on deck. I did not then see a light on the land. The night was hazy towards the land, and there was no moon. After I had been in bed some time I was awoke by a passenger who said the ship was on shore. I don't think the ship could have made more than six knots from noon on the 17th until I went to bed. The wind was against us. I saw the patent log dragging behind on the previous day. I did not hear any report made to the officer in charge on the 17 th as to the speed of the ship. I never saw an azimuth observation taken on board. I have had a good deal of experience in, and am professionally acquainted with, the taking of observations. I often tested the steering compass. It was ' about four and a half points out. I never i looked at the standard compass on the bridge. ¡ I am accustomed to tako observations. Sup- posing tho ship was heading due west, then! the compass would show N.W. by N. This I ascertained by glancing at the compass, and! not by observations. After the ship had1 struck I took bearings from the shore, and found she was heading magnetic N. 14 W. The true bearing would bo nearly N.W. It never saw any comparisons made of the com- passes. John Baylis Burkitt-I was a saloon pas- senger by the Queen of the Thames, I took notes during the voyage of the particulars of the ship's position. At noon on 17th of March the ship was in latitude 34'33 S., lon- gitude 21'38 ; number of miles run, 240. On the 16th the latitude was 34'24, longitude 20'21. On looking again at my notes, I am not sure the latitude on the 17th was not 34'53. I am disposed to think the latter is correct. The distance run on the 16th was also 240 miles. During the afternoon of the 17th I frequently looked at the compass, and saw it pointed to about N.W. About 8 o'clock p.m. I saw a light in the direction of the outline of the shore ; it appeared a long way off, and was indistinct. I then went below, and remained there until about half past 10, when I went on deck. I then found the ship close on a lee shore. The shore was on the starboard beam, not more than half a mile off. I called the attention of a midshipman; named Tyler, to it. At first he denied that it was the shore, but I convinced him, and Mrs, M'Donald, the captain's wife, who occupied a deck cabin, directed that her husband should be called. I went forward, but could see no land ahead, and having returned to the saloon deck, I heard the captain order Mr. Murray, who was in charge of the ship, to give her a point to port. His words were, " One -point to port Mr. Murray repeated the words, and the captain said them again, On looking at my notes, I see the words were; "Another point to port" The order was repeated three times. I did not then look at the compass, About 11 o'clock I went below. After giving his orders the captain went away. The land was still in sight on the star- board beam when I went below, but I was partly satisfied, as we were bearing off it, I was asleep when the ship struck, but was awoke by the first shock. There were two distinct shocks. I was putting my clothes on when the second shock was felt. I immedi- ately went on deck, the ship was still forging ahead, but the engines were shortly reversed. The ship's way was stopped by the reef. From the time of the second shock the ship was on the reef, and bumped with every swell ; I think my estimate that the land was half a mile off before the ship's course was altered is correct. The inquiry was then adjourned sine die. The Briton left with many of the pas- sengers, and amongst thom was Mr. Moore, of the firm which owned the ill-fated vessel. His consideration and attention to the wants of the passengers are most de- servedly highly spoken of. Had. it have pleased the owners, they could have loft the passengers after the wreck to shift for them- selves, and find their way to England as they best could. Instead of this, Mr. Moore ar- ranged for the transport of the passengers to town, and provided them with passages to England in the very best class of steamers obtainoblo. The Briton took a large number, and so does the Good Hope, which follows her. Those passengers who did not leave by the Briton were down at the dock to bid fare- well to them, and the expressions of thank- fulness to Mr. Mooro for all his kindness were most hearty and universal. The Standard of April 13 says,-"The .steamer Bismark arrived in Table Bay, on Monday morning, and at once steamed into dock, from Stray's Bay, laden with a portion of the cargo of the Queen of the Thames, 'consisting mainly of wool. Most of the bales are more or less damaged by water, and in many instances the iron bands have become broken by the swelling of the contents. Some of the bales were so much heated that it was deemed wise to open them immediately they had been landed, and allow them to cool in the fresh air. During Monday and Tues- day the unloading of the Bismark proceeded vigorously, and yesterday sho started on an- other trip to the wreck. The general im- pression is that the purchasers of the wreck will make a good thing of it if the present fine weather prevails a little longer. The stranded vessel holds together, And her machinery and fittings are in first-rate condition. There are about 100 men on board, and with the aid of the ship's donkey-engine the cargo is being rapidly got out of tbe hold. The wool which has reached Cape Town is of very superior quality, and is sure to command good prices in the London market. Some are sanguine that the vessel will be got off the reef without any great trouble. Her stern is now in 18ft. of water, and as the work of discharging proceeds, and the two pumps which have been lent to the buyers by the Table Bay Harbour Board are in full swing, she will become more buoyant. Even if the ' Queen of the Thames is doomed to lay 'her bones in Struy's Bay, it is believed enough will be got out of her to pay a hand- some profit to those who have entered into the speculation. In addition to the Bismark, the schooner Santos is also employed in at- tendance upon the wreck, and is about to Proceed to the spot with a lot of supplies of ifferent kinds." The following passengers left Cape Town for London per R.M.S. Briton on March 20 :-Mr. Synnot, Mr. Dardel, Mir. Robertson, Mr. Willes, Mr. and Mrs. Oliver, Mr. and Mrs. Wentworth, infant, and nurse; Mr. C. Kenrick ; Hon. Mr., Mrs., and Miss Cowper ; Mr. and Mrs. Daintree ana infant. Miss Dain- tree and four children, Mr. and Mrs. Thom- son, governess, six childron, and servant; Mrs. Girdewood, Mrs. Cleveland ; Mr. and i Mrs. Laing, six children, ind two servants ; 1 Eev. W. J. and Mrs. Wilson, Master Trail, Mr. Goyder, Messrs. Murray, Boyce, i Jolly, Wallace, Birkitt, and Brothier, Mr. Span Ton, Messrs. Falk and Anderson, Mrs. 1 Newman and child, Mrs. Falk, Miss Clark, Mrs. Trout, Misses Freer (two), Messrs. Harper, . Parslow, Hayes, M'Moster, Hodgett, ond 1 Hunter, Mr. M'Donald, Mrs. Kearney and four children, Miss Banfield, Dr. and Mrs. Thomas, Miss Thomas and two children, Mr. Williams, Mr. Lambert, Mr. H. C. Williams, Mr. Liddle, Mrs. Williams, Mrs. Lambert. 