COUNTRY NOTES. \ ; Mr. Parkes arrived, and was escorted into Mudgee on Wednesday morning, with vehicles, horsemen, and a band. He briefly addressed the meeting from the balcony of the hotel. A violent hailstorm occurred in Orange last Wednesday week, injuring the Crops in the neigh borhood to a' great extent. Mr. James Agland (says the Advertiser ), who resides near Frede rick's Valley, has had 90 acres of wheat injured by the hail, 50 acres of which will be totally destroyed, and the remainder will yield about half a crop. Several neighbors in the same locality are severe sufferers. We are also in formed that Mr. Lister, whose farm adjoins the race-course, which is about two miles from town, has had his wheat-crop totally destroyed. Grasshoppers. — A gentleman lately from the Denison tells us (says the Upper Hunter Courier ) that the grasshoppers on the Segenhoe and Bell- trees estate are a nuisance even to a traveller on horseback. Myriads of these insects spring up in clouds under the horse's hoofs; they are strip ping ground of grass as bare as paving stones, and nothing but heavy rains will keep.them from devouring the country. scone. — The correspondent of the Upper Hunter Courier writes : " On Monday last (the 18th instant), Mr. Ellicott was thrown from his horse near the Bailway Station, and severely though not dangerously injured. The horse, startled, it appears, by the train, shied, and the girths being loose the saddle came round, and Mr. Ellicott fell with some violence. His right arm was broken just above the joints of the wrist, which was also dislocated. Dr. Creed, having been called in, at once set the arm, which is going on favorably. — It is rumored that the owner of the Scone Flour Mill, Mr. Boorer, in tends to retire from active business, and that the management next week is to pass into the hands of Mr. T. Moody, long and well known in the district." The Denman correspondent of the same journal says : " The abominable Scotch thistle is becoming a pest. I wonder at the owner of fine paddocks, such as our district boasts of, so well known for their fattening capabilities, do not try some means to get rid of them. — The road from Denman to Musclebrook is in splendid order. I think Mr. Peter Tribe deserves great credit for the manner in which he has fulfilled his contracts. Bush-Fires. — At Moonan Brook, towards the Denison, we hear of extensive bush fires; Mr. Daniel. Cook has lost upwards of fifty pounds' worth of fencing. At Belltrees the fires have caused the creepers that cling to the dead trees to fall to the ground in such quantities as to render travelling off the road almost impossible. Hinging the trees has caused this, and one of the evils of the practice is now rendered apparent — no shelter is left for the cattle, which have to take to the river-bank for shade. The rain of Sunday stayed the progress of great fires all over the district, or the consequences would have been deplorable. — Upper Hunter Courier, De cember 22. The Albury Banner of December 23rd says, " The heat during the past few days has been dis tressingly severe in this neighborhood. The thermometer at the Telegraph-office stood at 107 deg. in the shade on Thursday and Friday. Yes terday a hot wind was blowing." The Bush-Fires.— The bush-fires which have recently raged in these parts have done considerable damage. On some stations nearly all the grass has been burnt off, and as a conse quence we hear that one owner, at least, is about to send his sheep travelling. He cannot possibly help it, for the destroying element has rendered the best part of his run as clear of grass as a turnpike road. If the celebrated 43rd clause of the New Impounding Bill were now in force, what an injustice it would be for this gentleman to have to pay enormous agistment- fees ? — Dubbo Dispatch , Dec. 22. Pastoral and Agricultural Associa tion.— The movement for the establishing of a Pastoral and Agricultural Association continues to receive' support from all sides. During the week subscriptions and promises of support were received from several squatters in the district, from gentlemen in Sydney and others. There is now no doubt but that an Association second to few provincial ones in New South Wales will be formed. As it is intended to have a general meeting of members as soon as possible for the election of the permanent Committee, the adop tion of the rules, &c.;, it is desirable that per sons who have not already done so, should at once reply to the circulars forwarded by the Secretaries. — Ibid. The following interesting memo, appeared in the Southern Argus of Tuesday last : — " Sixty years ago the ground on which the township of Yass is now built was a camping place for the vast number of blacks that then inhabited this district. Of that great number of semi-savages there are but very few now living ; but the oldest European resident of Yass must remember old -Jackey King, and his lubra (wife) Kitty. This old couple, whose united ages must be verging on seven score, received two sacraments of the Catholic Church at the hands of Father Slattery last week at Reedy Creek, the residence of Mr. -J. Lehane. Father Slattery first baptized them and their children, and then he married the old coupm It is but fair to say that both Jackey and Kitty were receiving the necessary instruc tions for preparation for these sacraments for some time past from Mrs. Lehane, who has on many occasions devoted hours of her time in ad vising and instructing persons who were about to embrace the Catholic faith. In giving in- structions to this old black couple, she did so only at their solicitation, and when Father Slat tery arrived at Mr. Lehane's they were both most anxious to receive the sacraments and not to be put off until another time, and when Father Slattery expressed himself satisfied with the in structions they had received and that he would satisfy their desire, the joy of the aged couple knew no bounds; and after both sacraments were conferred their gladness could be well imagined by the many smiles that dwelt upon their wrinkled cheeks. Jackey is now perhaps the oldest living blackfellow in the colony, his hair and beard are as white as snow, and it is stated of him that 27 years ago he took the pledge of temperance from the late Very Rev. Dean Lovatt, and that he has not from that time up to the present day taken a glass of spirits. It would indeed be well for the colony if the same could be said of many white men. We can state our selves that he will not take money if he is offered it to buy drink with, and if he is pressed to take a glass he will walk away from the person who is talking to him. Twenty-five years ago these aged couple had a child christened by Dean Lovatt. The child did not live, and it was buried in the Catholic cemetery at Yass." 