MISCELLANEOUS. The weather for several weeks has been severe and unsettled, without much rain, but attended with heavy falls of hail and snow, and thunder and lightning. Sunday, 17th September, was a remarkably stormy day, apparently aver the whole of Australia. In Bal larat the atmosphere was hazy, with something like the smoke of a distant bush-fire, and in the evening there was thunder, lightning, and rain. At Camper down there were similar appearances of smoke, and the credit laid to the great bush fire at Maitland, N.S.W. The storm was very severe at Ararat, Pleasant Creek, Stawell,andMortlake. AtDunollythe rain had a strong flavor and the color of cold tea. At other places there were showers of mud, frogs, and fish. At Walhalla, among the Gipps Laud mountains, the thunder, light ning, and rain were very severe. At Phillip Island the storm was accompanied by earthquake, and in Queens land there was at places much rain and hailstones as large as pigeons’eggs. The Statistics of Accumulation for the colony of Victoria during the year 1870 has been issued. The Post-office Savings Banks return shows a good advance in the balance remaining on deposit at the end of the year, upon that at the end of 1869. In December, 1869, the was £243,478 15s 6d;. and in De cember, 1870, it was £279,530 4s 4d. The General Savings Banks of the colony had, at the end of 1869, a balance-of £735,140 in hand; and at the end of 1870 the balance was £767,597. A return is given, as usual, of the various building societies. Fifty-four, in town and country, furnished information. Their ag gregate number of members at the end of the year 1870 was 16,877. The actual advances, i.e.; exclusive of premiums, made by these societies since their foun dation have amounted to £1,795,178 4s lid. The total income of all the societies for the twelve months preceding their last balance-sheets (prior to December, 1870) was £835,296 1s 1 Id, and their working ex penses for the same period were £20,389 2s Bd. The gross assets were £1,564,051 8s lid, and the gross lia bilities £1,210,339 9s Id. Private advices from - Fiji informs us that most of the Ballarat settlers were plodding steadily on, and cotton cropping in many instances was promising fairly. At Suva that industry, however, was not so brilliant, the land there not being so well adapted to cotton culture. Indeed, Mr D. Robertson is said to have satisfied himself with a look at his Suva pro perty, and then retreated to Levuka. Mr Hayes, late a miller on Soldiers’ Hill, has been to Fiji and secured an. estate, to which he will return. The health of most of the settlers was good at date of last advices. Under the date of 19th September wc have the fol lowing news, via Auckland:—“The Kenilworth, from Fiji, reports the murder of Bradley, master of the Swallow, b/ the natives of 'Banks Group. The Fiji elections were proceeding. The Assembly con sists of 30 members, representing one half-caste and 24 white constituencies. The native chiefs form a se parate house, with power to consider and propose amendments on the Assembly’s measures, but not to -veto them. Nothing has yet been heard from the-Ba expedition.” . By the Claud Hamilton we have intelligence from New Zealand to 25th September. The political nows is uninteresting. The Government succeeded in defeating an adverse motion on their financial policy by 43 to 15. A Maori representative named Karai tiana moved that the number of Maori members in Parliament be increased. The Government expressed their approval of the proposal to call some chiefs to the Legislative Council, and promised to do so as soon as they were able to select men whose promotion would not cause jealousy. They were favorably in clined to adding a Maori to the Executive, without a seat in the Cabinet, but would make no promise. Te Kooti still creates a sensation in the island, whether he is at.the head of a band, or whether he is flying from an attack of the friendly natives. At Napier a report was spread that Te Kooti was only a few miles from the town, and sentries were imme diately posted by the loyal chief Tareha. Instead of Te Kooti, however, the enemy proved fo be some children enjoying a picnic. The delegates from the various colonies who had arrived in Victoria in order to attend the Intercolonial Conference in Melbourne, visited Ballarat on Satur day, 16thSeptember,and made a tourround the town to inspect the various objects of interest in the city and borough. The visitors, numbering between twenty and thirty', ladies and gentlemen, were stopping at Craig’s hotel, and at an early hour on Saturday morn ing Sir James Martin, Chief Secretary of New South Wales, with Lady Martin and her sister, visited Lang’s nursery. After breakfast, under the escort of the two mayors and Messrs W. C. Smith, Joseph Jones, and John James, M’s.L.A., the whole party started from Craig’s in carriages. They first went to the Black Hill Company’s works, but as the “ cleaning up” was going on, they only saw three batteries at work. The crushing process was fully explained, and then the visitors were driven to the No. 2 Band and Albion Consols shaft, and from thence to the No. 4 shaft of the same claim. Here 70 oz of gold was sluiced off in the presence of the whole party. The Winter’s Freehold claim was then visited, and some time was spent in the inspection of the fine winding and pump ing machinery, after which a start was made for the benevolent asylum. A short time was spent here, and the visitors then went to the Botanical Gardens, driving back past the hospital to St. Patrick's Church. After a few of the party had inspected the church, the Mechanics’ Institute was visited. Some of the party then went- to the Alfred Hall. They then re turned to Craig’s hotel to a private lunch, to which several leading residents of Ballarat had been invited. The Hon. Howard Speusley, Solicitor-General, was in the chair, with Sir James Martin on one side and Lady Martin on the other, while the Hon. Mr Wilson, Chief. Secretary of the vice-chair. | Mr Spensley proposed “ The Queen,” after which Mr Robert Lewis, in a happy speech, proposed the health of “The Visitors,” to which Sir James Martin re sponded. The Hon. Mr Wilson proposed “ The Mining Interest,” to which Mr W. C. Smith responded, and Sir James Martin proposed “ Prosperity to Ballarat.” The Mayor of Ballarat East responded to this toast, and shortly afterwards the party broke up. A start was made for the railway station at about three o’clock, and at twenty minutes past the visitors left by special train for Melbourne, appareutly well satis fied with what they had seen. The pleasure of the visit was nearly being : marred by a serious accident. During the visit to the Winter’s Freehold Compmy’s claim. Lady Martin had descended from the brace, and was watching the cages go up and down, stand ing on tho ground and occasionally looking down the shaft. We may explain that tho brace is thirty or forty feet above the ground, and that several fatal accidents have occurred through persons looking down a shaft as a cage was descending. In this case, ..Lady Martin, with natural curiosity, was gazing into the black depth below, but did not notice that the cage was coming down, and would have been struck upon the head but for the presence of mind of Mr W. C. Smith, who dragged her away just in time to prevent a fatal accident. No doubt, Lady Martin was , somewhat astonished at Mr Smith’s apparent rudeness, but she soon saw that'he had goad reason for it, and took an opportunity of expressing her thanks. ■ffhe acclimatisation of trout in; lakes, ponds, and reservoirs near Ballarat, has been attended with com plete success. The ova were very recently brought from Tasmania through the efforts of the Ballarat Fish Acclimatisation Society. ; The bazaar, polytechnic exhibition, and concerts in I aid of the funds of the Ballarat Mechanics’ Institute j have.proved very successful in every point of view. | At a meeting of the Mechanics’ Institute . committee, held on Tuesday evening, '26 th September, present, Messrs Anderson (president). King, Ckixton, Marshall, I. J. Jones, Huddart, Whitelaw, Thompson, Hunter, and Embling—the report of . the bazaar, committee, with balance-sheet showing a profit, of £9OO Cs.lld from the bazaar, and £6O 2s 2d from the concerts, was received and adopted. It was resolved that Mr Ai Eayroux receive a cordial vote of thanks for his valu able services in connection with the concerts, and that he be"elected an honoraiy life member of the institute,; -in recognition of- the- Bamer^'A'vote of thanks was also- passed to -Sir J. B. Itosa for-his energy and assi duity as secretary, and a cheque for £lO 10s was pre sented to - him as an acknowledgment of his valuable services.—The drawing for the grand piano took place on Friday, 29th: September.- The piano fell to the lot of Mr Arthur Reynolds, fruiterer. Main street; who accepted £5O instead. The handicap sailing match for the silver cup offered by Mr Thomas Green, of Wendouree parade, took place on Thursday last on Lake Wendouree, and was very successful, . for notwithstanding the rain, there was a good attendance of spectators. The following boats competed, the handicap being a quarter of a minute per foot of the length of the boats:—Mr A. Gates’ Lady Darling, Mr G. Gates* Star, Mr G. Robinson’s Paul Pry, Mr Clarke’s Courier, Mr Barker’s Faugh-a- Ballagh, Mr C. C. Wade’s Lady of the Lake, Mr Duncan’s Highflyer, Mr Shand’s Ballarat, Mr Thomp son’s Priina Donna, Mr Ward’s Sir Charles Darling. Mr G. Heathorn acted as judge, Mr Graham as starter, and Messrs Green and Graham as timekeepeis. A start was made at half-past three o’clock. The rain was falling, and a stiff south-westerly breeze was blow ing at the time, and throughout the race. The course was three times round the clear part of the lake. The winning boat was the Sir Charles Darling, which passed the winning post at a quarter of a minute past four o’clock. The Highflyer was second at 2 minutes past four; and the Star third, at 2 minutes 59 seconds past four o’clock. There was also a match between the Courier and Highflyer, the Highflyer being the winner. Mr Green may be congratulated on the suc cess of his. offer of a prize, and his example should be followed, by others. George Moore, who was convicted at the last Circuit Court but one, of larceny of moneys belonging to the Ballarat Hospital, broke his bail and sailed secretly for Fiji, before, judgment on points in his favor was delivered. A steamer has been despatched from Melbourne to try and intercept another Melbourne fugitive named Rosenwax; and if the chase is suc cessful, Moore will probably be brought back with him. The additional Bungaree Races weie held on the Dowling Forest course on Thursday, 14th September. Mr A. Swift’s. Miss Sheffield won the flat race easily, Mr D. Jones’ Blueskin won the steeplechase, and Mr J. Brown’s Dolo the hurdle race. The day was fine, and there was a fair attendance on the course. 