Pastoral. Accounts from the pastoral districts inform us that the rain has extended west, south, and north, and that the change has had a most beneficial effect, es pecially in those localities where the grass was already assuming the brown hue of summer herbage. From the stock report of the Wagga Wagga Express of the 23rd September we take the following : —Since our hist report a most seasonable change has taken place in the weather, and the fears which were then bo generally enter tained as to the probabilities of a dry and unfavourable season being about to set in have now most fortunately been altogether dispelled. On Sunday night the much wished-f or rain at last began to fall, and from that time until the present has continued with but slight in tervals of intermission. The total fall, as re gistered here, now amounts to within a fraction of five inches, and all appearances seem to indicate that further falls are still impending. The river has risen considerably, and most of the dams and waterholes in the district have been filled to overflowing. The grass is beginning to shoot up luxuriantly, and the prospects of the season altogether are most encouraging. The rain throughout Biverina has been general, and down the river has been exceedingly heavy. On many stations on the back country and the plains both feed and water were running so short that a general movement of the stock to the mountains was contemplated, but ae of water there is now a superabundance, and the young feed will have plenty of time to spring before the heats of summer sets in, these extreme measures will not have to be resorted to. On the upper river the rains have also been very heavy, and reports speak most hopefully of the prospects of the season. Shearing is ribw in full swing on the lower river and the plain?, and will eoon become general in this neighbourhood. To Manaro, much to the relief of pastoralists, the rain has ex tended ; but the. nights continue cold, and the grass, in consequence, springs but slowly. The disease amongst the sheep has on some stations in the district committed the moEt perious ravages, as many as twenty-five per cent having in some flocks been carried off. Cattle are, however, doing well, and with the return of worm weather, it is hoped that the sheep disease will die out. From Queens land, pastoral advices are not reassuring. On the Burnett stock of all kinds are literally starving, and sheep are drop ping off at a fearful rate. On the Condamine several bush fires have broken out, and stock are suffering greatly from the scarcity of feed. On the Namoi and Barwon the weather continues dry, and rain is eagerly looked for. At Dubbo rain has fallen, and was much wanted, as the country was beginning to look dry and withered, and bush fires were occasioning much damage. Sheep and cattle are looking well, but are backward in condition. On the Bogan things arc looking cheerful. In the local market, the heavy rains of the past week have created a temporary dulness, but as the season now promises most favourably both for feed and water, an active business may be looked for. Very few fat cattle are offering, and we have no change to note in prices. We take the Forbes Stock Report, for the week ending Saturday last, from the Times :— At length the long wished for rain has made its appearance, and the gloomy anticipations of a severe drought during the coming summer have been dispelled. On Tuesday morning rain commenced, end came down steadily all day and night. On Wednesday the sky was covered with water clouds, and it rained on and off ihe whole of the day. In some parts of the district we learn that the rain commenced and continued all through Monday night, and fell much more heavily than here. It will be seen from the rain gauge in the wind and weather re port that under three-quarters of an inch fell here up to Thursday night, but it was a good soaking rain, and has done on immense deal of good ; in fact, it has put thousands of pounds into the pockets of the people of the district During last night it rained very heavily, one-third of an inch of rainfall being registered. To-day we have also had heavy and continuous showers, and the weather looks as far from clearing up as ever. Now that the frosts are over we may expect a splendid spring in the grass, and the coming summer bids fair to be as fine a season as we have experienced for many years. Shearing had commenced on many stations, but the rain will cause some delay, at which however none will grumble, all being too pleased to see the welcome rain. The late warm weather and absence of severe frosts have caused Etock to look much better than they had been doing, and now the green spring which will result from the thorough soaking which the ground has received, will soon bring them up into first-class condition. ?ihe May Standard, a new journal just started in the township ot Hay, has the following under the head ' Wool and Stock Keport,' for the weekending September 20th :— On Sunday, the much wished for break in the weather occurred, freshening up the look of the country, giving a spring to the grass, and reviving the languishing crops of hay in our neighbourhood. We have already guessed Ihe shortcoming in the wool clip in this district at 1000 bales, it now appears from an extensive inspection that in reality there will be more than 2000 bales short, the cause being the want of rain, and the consequent scarcity of herbage. The wool, although clean as it had been .washed, is light, being deficient in yolk and in substance. From the same cause the Iambs, while the per centage is good are very stunted, and the number to be shorn next shearing will be considerably less than the number cut Wool continues to arrive in large quantities for shipment. Borne of it -on the way got watered by the ran, calling up visions of spontaneous combustion. Although the weather may look very like continuing dry, yet carriers want to be continually prepared against ram; exposure of wool bales to the rain for a few hours'may cause the burn ing down of a great warehouse, or the loss perhaps of a good ship and all on board. The Dubbo Dispatch in its report of the 21st says : -On Saturday afternoon, the sky became overcast with ram threatening clouds, and anxiously was a fall ot the much desired dement wished for, but night passed over without it, and next morning (Sunday) broke with a sky so beauti fully blue and clear that one could hardly believe that the night before was as black as Erebus. On Sunday evening signs of rain again appeared but only to disappoint by raising false expectations. On Monday night the long threatened rain at last came, It commenced to fall very lightly about 12 o'clock, and continued at intervals, through out the night, during the next day, and till yesterday (Wednesday), when it fell in an occasional shower. The eky now dull and heavy, and from the appearances and the season of the year, it is thought that a very heavy down pour is at hand. The rain which has fallen this week was very much wanted. The growth of spring grass was checked by the frost— and the country around Dabbo bore a very parched ana unhealthy appearance. The little water that haB fallen will, now that the frosts have dis appeared, make the feed spring fast, and the plains will, in a few weeks, be covered with that rich herbage so peculiar to these districts and rejoicing to the squatter's heart. The shearing is progressing in many sheds, and all re ports confirm the previous impression that the clip would be heavy. It is far cleaner and of better quality, too, than was expected. During the past two weekB, ' Riverine fri gates ' (otherwise huge wains) heavily laden with wool have passed through Dubbo almost daily for the railway stations, weet and north. The lambing is not entirely finished at some stations, but will be so in a week or two. All things considered — the severity of the winter, the pre sence ef worm disease, and other causes— the averages cut up to this have been fair. They have not come up to the yields of some previous years, but they have proved much better than even sanguine men anticipated. The dams in the back country have, we are glad to hear, held out well on the runE near Dubbo, and with an occasional thunder storm or so they will remain full during the summer. From the Barwon we hear that the weather recently has been too fine. Rain is wanted. The river navigation con tinues, but how long it will do so unless there is rain is more than can be guessed. The wool is being well got up at the various sheds. On the Upper Warrego things are looking extremely cheering. So also are they on the Faroo, Wilson, and Bulloo, where sheep and cattle are in fine healthy condition. On the Duck Creek the fleeces are being removed, and at Colane as well as Murrawombie steam is brought into operation. 