THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH. An official report has been presented to the South Australian Government by Mr. Todd, the Superintendent of Telegraphs in that colony, which affords some precise information as to tbe progress that has been made with the construe, tion of the overland line of wire between Port Augusta and I'ort Darwin, and tbe prospect ot its completion within the next six months. By reference to the latest published map, the pro gress of the men engaged in the work can readily be traced. The line, we may repeat for sake of completeness, will be 1,7OU or 1,501) miles in length ; and throughout its whole course it bu been built bo as to avoid flats and I )iv Unde liable to inundation, and yet to be near to penuauect water. Leaving Port Augusta, the live skirts the eastern slope of the Flinders Range, running northwards fur 180 miles ; and then, changing to westward, it passes between Lake Torrens and Lake Eyre ; then Dortb-eaetwardly along the west bank oi that sheet of water to Mount Hamilton ; thence northwards to the Strangwaya Springs, across the Neales ltiver, and by way of Stuart's Track direct to the liner Ropi'r and Port Darwin. The first contract of 500 miles from Fort Augusta carries the line to tbe north of 27deg. S. lit., and it is here that the driest country bas been found, and the greatest scarcity of timber. It was intended to use chiefly gal vanised iron pillars, bat these were lite in arriving, aud thus timber was carried forward for poles. Comparatively tew of the new pillars were used, and these chiefly in the last hundred miles of tbe first contract, while the remainder are to be sent northward, to be used wherever there appears to he danger of bush fires. On this contract fur 500 miles, op to the middle or end of Apnl, 350 miles of pules Jud been erected, and the remainder of the distance was being rapidly crossed. The stretching of ihe wire was to be proceeded with in a lew days, aod to be carried on at the rate of over a hundred miles per month, tbe most of the wire having been carted up to where H was wanted. Tne central section was divided into live por tions, to each of which a separate working party was assigned. Two hundred and ti(t- tons pf stones aud materials had beeu carted into the centre of the continent for them ; and the remaining supplies Wvre being shipped by sea to the Boper Itiver, which empties itself into the Golf of Carpentaria, and which had been snrreyed and found navigable for a euffi cieut distance to make it advisable to choose that route ior forwarding stores. Abundance of fine timber and water had been discovered over all these live sections ; the poles were of blue gum and pine, of great strength ; and ou the two southern sections 100 miles of poles had been erected by the end of March. Sec tions C aud D would be commenced in April, and section E in May ; and the five sections would, io all, embrace 600 miles north of Ut 27deg. The contract for the northern portion of the line was commenced by Messrs. Darirent and Daiwood in February, and in seven weeks ninety miles of poles bad been erected. Their contract for 650 miles would be completed 1--- the end at tbe year. It is expected that in September there will be telegraphic commuoi cation open 800 miles north of Port Auguita. Ko fear of interruptions was entertained, as fbt lioe would be well cleared ; the natives were not likely. to give trouble, aod substantial stations were tope built (one is already erected) at abont every 160 or 180 miles. At Cash station there willts plaoud four penans, pro vided with «U necessary appliances for repairing tbe line, and well supplied R-ith provisions and ntber stores. As the parties advanced, they had found that the difficulties of travelling iu ?.lie interior wcie ronr* imaginary than real ; the cnuutry was will tioil»ered and watered; the stuck wtre fat, though haul worked ; and some thousands of sheep and a Urge number of bullocks and horses that bad been cent forward were all in excellent condition. Ab the entire line of country bad been travelled over, and every difficulty ascertained and provided ior, there is 00 reason to doubt that the end of the year will see the Hoe opened across Aus tralia. If the British Telegraph Company complete their portion of the undertaking, the tirst day of 1872 shonld see Anglo-Australian messages psaaing between London and Hobart Town as freely as those between Hobart Town Mid Sydney. The Queensland Government have also received a report from their BaperiDtenfo.it, Mr. CrackneU, to tbe effect that the CardweU and Kormautown telegraph, completing tie Queensland system, will be readv in August There appeal* to be a difficulty about the sea cable, however, the Sonth Australian Govern ment cnDtending that the English company is prohibited by its agreement with them from laying a cable to Carpentaria, or transmitting messages for Queensland through any other than the Sonth Australian line. But the Indian wires are sot the only ones which offer a means of communication with Europe. The Russian line will soon be connected with the Chinese cable, and that again with the Dutch one. The Queensland Government, therefore, may be able to effect an arrangement by which they will be independent of South Australia ; aud the other colonies may thus, next yew, be able to enjoy a double line of telegraph between Australia and England. 