vh 7* .'iGRIOUI^rUB^L1- NOTES. V^' ^i u -Every avonuo Iritd the oolony is wide open tuia ^nguarded. Diseaaed animals may be brought irorn. any portion o£ the Australian oontinent, -or indeed from any part of the! , w^rld.', 1 f^to inspeption is instate^ on, and we neve no law to prevent thoir. enirance. ! Bin 'ot1i|e1r s^tUeiiumeroua dire ailmentB.prevfll ientfainong live stook in various parts of tho Wide world inaybe introduced without let or , hittdr^nbe;' ,'and; bring ,!ruin. to'! our;Btpok» 'qjsvnere. An far back as tlio; month of -ApriI Uat we drew attention to this important fact through the; bolarnna _of Tkepeculer.:r At ^,that titne^thb.phig 'Winifrpd had .jirrivcd in Syd ney, havingon board the Bolesurviving animal bntof ?f6ur .shipped, and that one saffering from; loot and' mouib.' disease. Tho othbr three had died from the same causes on the passage oat. Oar noighbbrs in New South Waje^a wore then no betier off than';oursplv.es; they^had tao;law onl.the'Bubjoct,. Howevof a number of geafclemen interested in etook Hubflbribpd ; tne Buta'of ,^20p, purchased the animal \ a Hereford cow, and had her destroyed. Since then: a -stringent measure' has been passed' for the prevention of contagious dis eases in oattle. After . wo had drawn atten tion to the. subject at the time we spoak of, ^ilft;1 Whiteman, M. L. A. , in his place in Parf liarnenfj, ^^ brought it .undor thja-nptice^o^'the ,then' Chiof Seorotary,;Sir JamesiM'.Oailooh, who at onoo admitted the importance of sonte ]Bt6ps .being taken to guaid against the' dan- ger^; and promised that; the. anattor would re ceive 'early 'attention. Since then' nothing haa 'bee'u'j ci^o, and now wo learn' tbat.iiri otheroaso.of foot and month disease has been landed iir New South VV0I03 in stock brought | out by the ship ;Parramatta. These animals ! 'w^re , ^.;6nca '.'; placed in quarantine, on. the { mainland, but it has been deemed^ prudent j to remove them~to~ Garden Island, where, owing to the isolation afforded, the chances 'of Infection are lessened; It is a' well-known fabfcthat 'pleuro, which is eilently pursuing its deadly work among the herds of many farm irai m constantly being brought across tho Mnprray from Queqbsiand and New South Wales] ;, yet, ^thont undergoing' vexatious delays, we ore - not allowed to pass even healthy animals Jicros3 tho'borddra itito oilhor of the poighBorin^ colonies: Any day i.wd . may have rinderpest or foot find mouth disease, landed1 on the shores of the Bay. How, long is this culp'ablo nogligence to ooii ;fcinuo? :It is high time aomo action should ' bo taken, otherwise one - of those fine days we may find ourselves busy'^ 'locking; tho -stable- door after tho steed has been j , stolen.'/ v . r_ . ? ; - ? . ?.. ?',..?: ; -Seed: saving by seleotion is n subject to' : wjiipij.;^©' direotod''thre''- attention pi;!,our! .readers prior to,; last harvest, but,, liko ro 'modics for nnako bites or procautiono ?^aina't ^bush- fireBJ' it ' is oho that wjll ' from its .ini[-or taboo in rotation to tho farmers' profits boar annual -ropetU tl0n. The timo having again ; 'arrived j when prudent ' forothought tihpuld . bo ' exercised in referonco ' to the supply of seed ' 'ijiOrn for next year'a drop, wo would again ; . urge, tho advantages of careful solection pn i all those who may v»ish to inorease thoj ^ylold of grain without adding to tho cost of i pfoduotion. The difforenco in tho yiold of : judiciously solooted seed, compared with that j token in a haphazard fashion^ is vory groat, ? pquoh more 00 than moat 'farinor'a' j who haw not tried it would bo inclined. to credit. Many i who would readily admit tho possibility oi making doublo tho amount of' fiosh from a given quantity of; food by means, of | well-bred cattlo - qh compared -with oomrdon scrubbers, would ahuko thoir heads by way of expressing doubt, or deny it point ' blank, if told that tho 'produoo of a field might bo doublod in grain hy tho uuo of oaro fully and judioiounly selected eood. Yet suohia the oaso. Owing to tho fnot that wo havo always had now land to brook up, and that farmera, for' tbo purposo of.gotting clem seed, endeavor to obtain it from new land, comparatively good soed is obtained. Tho more land that is brought under ^i^ttljiyation/^^^i^^enoneously'jg^bdj; nfld J scourged, , (into, . poverty^ -by .constant; ^ain-growingjf the ; moro ow^ll. this,,, evil inoroasof[ and.thb greater will , bocomo , the noconsity for saving aeod by.,oolootjon» ' Ifi ?tholargeat and finest oars, oro not saved andi grown . . on good land, until ,vtiiQ_ prodnpe $?- .oreajjoa to a suffioiont quantity, for. uap; on. a: largA. aoale, -the., ,b.eat portion of tho prop , should ;be saved ftt all eventa. ... And notj only .Bhould.ottontion.bo.paid to tho aeleotion ; ,of sood, but also tqi the..mpde1'jof;.thrpshing. , Seed corn . shouU) always. ,j),qothrieahed out, with tho Bail. ,Laat Beedtimo wo had grievous reports of the loss ai^fferod ..in the Wostorn diatriot from theneglqot of this precaution, and in some instances it ;was stated that large 1 areas had to.be ro-sowja owing , to maqhme- thrcBhed seed having been used. ; Wherever J it ?will pay to growweals at all, the grower will find himself amply compensated for the time he may spend k and, tho, attentior. de voted togelecting, threshing, and ohanging his soed, for all tlieao exorcise an important in- : flueneo on theyield of orops. ' '; ' , ; : The committee of tho Ballarat Agriotiltural and- Pastoral Association met ob-' Saturday last, and a financial statement was submitted by the Beorptary^and adopted, .phowingt^at thoxeqeiptsof the society up, tq date amounted 1 to '£)ld66 . Is.'1 Thet Government grant' 'of ! £198 2s. 6d; was1 'stated tb! bb due)' which : Would make the receipts £1264 30.;6dr- Thb ! expenditure was £1050 4s.i Id. - and this, 'with | Homo donations reoeived. left a balance of i about £220 to the ..sooie^y. Tho stewards' j reporli on the exhibition field^ in, November ?wa8:'ab30 road byi'tho secretary, from ' whioh we learn that the total number of entries wasiOOO, the prize money.; offered £779 10s., and the .amount awarded £632. i The number of -visifcors' to the, .show is esti mated at 7OO6/ exclusive ,bf members, thoir wives and families, which; it is said would swell the niimb6r to 8000.' ' The' total, 'pro- i coeds derived from the show was, £502; 9s., or within a trifle of the Bum ^warded; as prizes. .This fully illustrates the, advantages of fine weather in cohnectibh withTVagrtbal tural shdwB. ' We can.hardly'agree ^h the reporb wheroit states that the show^' 'taken aa' a whole was tho best which has ever been held at Ballarat.' -Live stock of all kinds, except perhaps dairy/cattle, fell below what we havo , seen;, oa. former.; 000(18101)8 at the same places 'and indeed.!; was very far short of doing ? justice to'iihe district. Several suggestions' were 'made ior the irif^ provement of future shows by the president of the spciety,: Mr.,'Thos.: Bathj arid also by the stewards in 'Variouo ? dbyi'rtmenta of the late show ; . laving'^dn' ,'wAte» to the yards, the ereofcion of a .permanent range, of coop's for the.exhibition fowls, a ^bettor.' placo in which .to.is'hpnr. the .flowers -.and7.np.wering plants, and an indreaso: .of ' thei amount; of priee money for 'draught .horse . stock, ;; being among : the most important; ; In any ^re-. arrangement ' that .may1 be ? made; /it would be well that, the 'dommittee;' should bear in ipind the desirability, ir father, the nep^SBity, of providing somo 'mjiro'commo,' dious place in which 16 display jdairy.produoe than tho shed iu which it ia usually, snelvod. At the last show. the. crush in'this shed was something to. remember, :but any inspection of the large number 'pf. excellent exhibits was ontirely out ofithe question. Through what seems io haye boon somo blunder 'tno dynanipracters shown wore not judged; and it was theref ord'reablvcd tSat' after jtho' haiy 'vtw ia over/ these useful 'machihe's'Bhsill ,b'e tuaieu, anu wio prjz^a-awaruou. ?? ;,....,, ?- ,. . , At the last /mpntuly ineoting of, tho Pal larat Farmei s1; jC^ulj, Mr. BaCQhus .eet tho commendable example of. exhibiting speci mens ef three specios. of grasses xvhiqh he has proved to bo worthy of cxten3ivo cultivation m'the distriot. 'fle pointed ou!t the neoest sity bf having a varidtyof grasses/in pasture landi bo that one sort may succeed another. Without attention to this it ;w'a8 impossible boforpi' a really good permanent pasture^ Of the three grae^po-.attpwn, and whioh ^U fixrarifuWell inthoaietriot, he qaid that, the firat, ins far; as he could make out, is known in England as-tho 1' Aveha averuicevs or Tall L--«-:li£ojJoftrgraBSj:it ierolao qaUedrw4ve?)a Elatior. It ia a very hardy perennial, bears cropping well, aqd ia eaten by all kinds of stock;1 '1* deem it'a very valuablo grass for hay and pastufb.''' The' next is a well known moadbw'' ^i-ass 'ai honio, UDcominon, I boliivo, hero/, r I havo , cultivated .it'ior tho la»t twenty yoars, sowing it on my.:paaturo land?. ? -lit is tho Anthoxanthum odoratnni, or sweot- soontodi vornat gross. -Ie gives to' now- mown liay ,the| fragrance pooulor to it uelf. I'can'atr6ngly vcoammond' ifc ns a capi tal Vpa'sturb grass. Its ' bhief merits aro itia eorj^y growth, standing heat well, ftud con-: tuiuiug to throw out enqbts after every rain until, the ond of aiituina. -It is a true;per ennial pasture graee, and thrives boat wuQn oombinod with other Bpooics. Tho last ia n well-known English grass, Cynoaurm ,cris- latiw,- or oroatod dogatail graBB.. I have not been Bucoessful in getting it tb iuoroano muoh, but wben it comes up it reinams/ fltanding the.heat well,. tho roots ppnctratiugdeoply. It is, Uifurior for^liay, but admirably adapted for permaucufc pusUire, fortning uoluau donso turf of grateful nutritious herbage', , It ia littlo ufTuotHd by oxtroinos of weuthor, . The culm or stalks arc used in tlio making of straw hats and bounetB. In irrigated meadows ib thrives to porfootion.' It should ? be inontionou mac tno tail oat ? uuo soft graoH, although valunblo an por man'ont pasture grana, as regards arable laud is claHBod along with oouoh as a wood in England, and just as difficult to eradioato wbonit, has onco taken poescsaion of tho land, ,,. This being iho cnua oaro, abould bo takqu not to ubo it cxoMpt', ab roQojntnen'dpd by Mr. Bnoohvs. Tho Farmera' Olub.ia making progress in !tho right track. Mr. Vaughaa, at tho sathe moating, read an cr oellont paper on tho Oultuto of Ooreale, whioh will bo found iu another column. The HtnallnoNs of tiio nttondaaoo War rogipttod, but, in tho l)USy poajon of harvetii, ti largo gdthoring bould hardly bu looked for. Tho annual mooting of tho' Eddington Sooioty, which from a variety of oausaa has boon poutponud from time t© timo, took plaoo last wook. In tho report submitted ; it was shown that tho oondition impo»od by tho late 9oard of Agrioulture on the society :?/. . i ??? ./ ''. T ?.;?/.'.? : 1 . ... ' .'!; Ti ??:!??.- ' I ;.?, ?????? ? jii. :-? ' '-i.i;j .?:* -??;?- ;'' — that of raising £250 locally boforo any shore of tho grant in aid of ngnculturo could be obtMned^waSrOf^Buohan oxryjting nature as to oripple4-rograss. Since' th'o'iidoicty has Wad ?t6ia-Jal^air6otly witlf the 'Govefnmolit, however, and received its fair share of aid, a ? marked improvement in tbo oharactor of its exhibitions _has tiiken .-.plaoe... Financially, also, the society has nothing .to complain of. .The report was 'adbptoaV and tho following gentlomon wow ©looted office'-boarors for the .ensuing yjoar, :~rMr.- Tuppor, president ; , Mn .Whiting vicorpreaidont; Mr. Ilos9,|Beorotaryj Mr. ( Nixpn, . .Jtreasiiror, ;. and : Messrs. , , lyy, Tuppbr, Whitmg, and D. 'Nixon, lialdwih, ?JilmbB, A. llbse,1 NuSta!;'' W'bifehdon,-''B/itJ ten and Borland,- members ' of ' 'oomimittbW ? During;. tho election of . mombera fof . oont- (tqittce Jtlr.j Bottpn expressed dissatisf aotion with , tho forking of; agricultural uBOoioties. Ho would prefer a farmers' club ^hero mom; bers ' could' meet and '' disouss the' various questions oonnootod with agriculture, and impart their experionco as to the best-mode of larmingjn various localities, tho beat crops for. eaob, and r other matters. Although shows and ploughing .matches were good, they clid ybry littlo in the vrpty of ^insjtruotion. 'Itw'aa with tho ' idea that a' club would bo form'6'd that ho had consented to aot on the oom^ mitteo.-; ;o-!r;-. ;.; ;;,m .:;r ^-i :. :z -i -r- ?..- ::-?;' -1 