" This la true liberty, when freoborn men, Having to addae the public, may speak free." Mn/rojj. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 2G, 1872. TIIE subject of nn abundant wafer supply is one which presses itself with so much force upon our attention, and 1 obtrudes itself so prominently under, so many aspects upon our daily notice, that wo can scarce fail of recognising ever been, of the highe\t10impor!anci to every 'community, however plen teonaly PROVIDENCE raay have blessed them with this great element of lifo ; but to the occupants of a naturally i arid country such as ours, and espe- ! cially to the dwellers of the interior, whose highest material interests are involved in tbe meteorological pheno mena which result in a dry or a wot season, and who are scattered abroad over "a dry and thirsty land, where no water, is," it is, or should be, a subject to be deeply and seriously considered above all others. The grazing capabilities of a country, and especially of a country whose climatic characteristics are so remarkable as ours, must wholly depend upon its water supply; and stock of all descriptions, under the extreme cir cumstances which render the test necessary, will be found to do far better with nn abundance of pure water and little grass than with a superfluity of fat pasture, but an insuf ficient supply of water. We think it may be fairly stated, and that tho statement will be borne out by tho experience of all persons acquainted with the country, that upon an average of runs throughout the colony there is grass in abundance for 10,000 sheep, whilst there is not water to satisfy the demands of 1000. We give this, of course, as a comparison over country in its normal state, and where no artificial means have been adopted to secure the waste surface water. If it be approximately true as applied to sheep, the fact must possess much i greater significance when applied to cattle, the dependence of these animals being excessively out of proportion to that of sheep upon a full supply of the purest water. Stock of every description, indeed, require pure water equally to satisfy the demands of nature as for the preservation of health, and it is only by ptudying the health of bur flocks and herds that we can reasonably hope to realise a profit from their returns. It is pitiable to see tbe wretched beasts' bellies deep in mud, under the blazing influence of a vortical sun and the withering action of a wind heated to the temperature of tho fatal Sirocco of tho desert, endea vouring to assuage their burning thirst by sucking from the immediate surface the pea-soup-like mixture which fills the miserable reservoirs called dams, and which is literally and visibly teeming with animalculra, the natural products of miasmatic influences. We appeal to our experienced readers if it be not a common thing for 2000 acres of good pasture land to depend for its occupaney upon one of these wretched receptacles, one of these health-infect ing pestilential "stink pots" (equalled only in a sanitary sense by the Hod sonian cesspools that have been invented for the benefit of our municipality), and which cannot con tain, or at any rate retain as much liquid as would suffice for tho healthful and recreative wallowings of a sow and litter of pigs. In view of such inadequacy between the supply of and the demand for water, in what position is the country to face tbe consequences of a severe drougli should it providen tially bo visited uion us ? Of course wo treat this sublet under a general viow only, but lio existence of an abundance of waer upon the squat tages of tlio colon', where such supply has not been votchsafed by nature, i3 tho rare oxceptioi and nob the rule. Nature has done nuch for Australia, but wo fear it is to truly said of her people that they are apathetic and without ' the ne:essary energy to achieve for thenselves that which nature has loft i>r thorn to execute. Ouo would suppost that the 6xperionce of dry seasons atcli as we have linen visited with throughout tho colony, 'would have quickened the forethought, tho perceptions, and the energies alike of tho Government and people (espe cially of: that section engaged in pastoral pursuits), ani by inducing nnity of feeling on 3 groat national question, hare led upto sorno compre hensive, liberal legidativo action and private enterprise eq/lal to the occasion. Brit it is nob so. ' Yjar after year "the clouds drop fatness," and Nature, by her lavish supply of the first great element of healtl, life, and material prosperity, appears to invite us to aid her efforts by thealoption of mechanical means to convert this occasional desert country into a perpetual oasis. But we rocline lazily ill green pastures and make no sign-fyr us, sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. There will come a time when our supinoness will be bitterly repented of, but repented of too late. What has been in nature will assuredly recur, and may do so at any tirre. The meteorology of the country is a subject apparently under valued hy the Government, and little studied by indmduals; but we know from pmctical experience that Aus tralia is table tobe visited by occasional dronghfa at uncertain periods, but of fearful severity, extending over two or three years. These droughts appear to be mcessaryin a country where the forests, being e?evgreen, and the atmos phere so light and dry as to preclude the possibility bf vegetable decomposi . tion, the earth has nothing returned to it for all thatshe has lavishly yielded during periods of abundant rains. Our theory is that these seasons of drought are provided by nature aa seasons of rest to the earlii-that she may " cease from her labours," as it were, and j renew her strength for future produc tiveness.. Whether this theory be reasonable or! unreasonable, the fact J remains that occasionally (.he colony suffers from droughts that have years } of continuance. Should we be visited with a fearful infliction of this kind now, when the country, owing to the [ insufficiency of artificially preserved water, is as heavily stocked as it reasonably may be* what would become of us ? Occasionally, within the past °,A 7, se,vf" years," h«,i « months of dry weathefCand the results, under this comparatitely trifling evil, have been alarming--'stations deserted, sheep driven wildly over the country in search of food, to trie damage of owners whoso runs wore tenable ; a fourth part of the exhausted flocks dying by the'road side'or scattered by the way ; I033 of wool; loss of means ; loss of credit, and' total ruin to many ; whilst those ivho passed througrh the ordeal wore scarcely saved. If such were the resvlts of a few months dry weather, what would inevitably follow as fbe conseqtence of years bf drought ? Yet we may be on the eve of such a visitation, anl how could we meet it ? In the abseme of wafer we may have our flocks and herds starving to death from inability to occupy pastnre land wherever they may not quench their thirst, and wiilst they die" of hunger bush-fires corsume over-luxuriant, but unavailing areas of pasture, as was the case all over the country in 1851. It is the manifst duty of the Government to lead the vay 011 a subject of this importance, lut private enterprise can do' much. Throughout Egypt and India, counHes very similar to our own in mfteorological phenomena, some of the nosfc stupendous works ever conceived aid successfully completed by the mini and enterprise of man, have been diected to secure an un limited supjly of water, and have permanently established the national greatness o: the two countries. We should remember PHARAOH'S dream of the seven fa: and the seven lean kine, and the wist " interpretation thereof," which saved Egypt from the horrors of a famine, "he vision and its results may be rearf by.other lights than this, and 6ne or them at least shows the necessity for storing up during years of plenty an ^abundance of water to avert famine amongst our flocks in the long years iof utter scarcity whioh, sooner orlafer, will assuredly follow, 