TEE PREVENTION OF BUSH FIEES. I TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. I Sir,-The great loss of property to in- dividuals and to the community by recent but h fires, induces me to bring under the notice of those immediately interested, the following plan for preventing general con- flagrations of pasture. Every year a loss of many thousands of pounds is sustained, causing large numbers of sheep to loso their condition, and con- sequently to yield light fleeces and of inferior quality, not to speak of the constant state of anxiety flockowners livo in during the summer months. Of course it is impossible wholly to guard against bush fires caused by lightning, by carelessness, or malice, but there is nothing to prevent all such fires being rendered purely local. By enclosing each station within a fire impossible boundary line, and by dividing the whole area into a few compartments, local fires might occur, but a total loss of 1 pasture would never be experienced. To ac- complish this result is the object of the simple apparatus I invented four years ago, and submitted to a rude but satisfactory trial at Glengower with one I made ia a day, of galvanised iron. I shortly afterwards offered it to the squatting interest, without expecting foo or reward, but got no response. Since then tens of thousands of pounds have been lost by bush-fires, which I believe might have been prevented to a great extent by the use of my invention, which I beg to describe in the columns of The Argus, whilst I submit a model for inspection at Scott's Hotel, Collins street. A frame of light angle-iron, Gft, long and 3ft. wido, ia placed on four light wheels, 18m. in diameter. Resting on the framo at the hinder part of it is a fire-grate, almost touch- ing the ground, but consequently made moveable on a joint in front, so as to rise over any unevennesB of the ground or obstructions on the surface, and sink again into its position when the obstruction has been got over. From the fire-grato a sheet of iron like an inverted arch sweeps downwards towards the surface of the ground, and then rises towards a chimney 5ft. high, a few inches deep, but the whole width of the frame. On each side of the frame aro hanging moveable plates of iron, touching the ground, made to rise over uti evennesses or obstructions, and in front, be- tween the two front wheels, a moveable iron plate is suspended. Thus the whole effective apparatus consists of a fire-grate and a chimney, a portion of the ground, with its vegetation, forming the under horizon- tal wall of this chimney. The design is to burn the grass in stripes by means of this apparatus when it will not burn otherwise. It may be worked during the day-time, before the grass is sufficiently dry to burn of itself, or during the night time, after it has become dry enough to burn. The whole operation consists in lighting a small fire in the grate, when, from the great draught up the chimney, tho flame sweeps along the surface of the ground and entirely consumes the grass, the apparatus being drawn along on its wheels by a horse or by two men. As the fire cannot spread to the right or left, or towards the horse, it is completely under control. The apparatus, of which I have constructed a rough model, on the scale of one inch to a foot, may be made of any length and width, but one say from 3ft. to Gft., wide, and double the length, will probably be found most convenient. If made, according to the scale of the model, 3ft. wide by 6ft. long, it will be so light that one man could pull it along. A strip 3ft. wide, however, will not be a sufficiently safe width to depend on ; but such stripes may be made doubly wide by burning a parallel line, either close to the first, or a belt of grass may be left between them to be burned off on a calm day. Believing that this very simple apparatus, which need not cost more than about three pounds, would entirely prevent the burning of whole districts and entire runs, and the loss of thousands of pounds annually to individuals directly, and to the whole com- munity (indirectly, I freely mako it known through your columns to all the Australian colonies. Rememboring past experiences, all I wish to add is, that the invention is my own.-I am, Sir, yours, &c;, W. LOCKHART MORTON. South Yarra, Jan. 30. 