DUBBO. . The Dispatch of December 28th says : — The bush-fires, we regret to say, have since our last report done considerable damage on many of the squattages of the north-west. . Accounts to hand tell us of fires burning off all the grass on some runs, and destroying a large amount of fencing. It is. said that at Borar (J.A.Gar diner's) 20 miles of fencing, erected at a cost of £80 per mile, have been burnt. A number of cattle in the paddock are reported, to use the words of our informant, " burnt to cinders." A large fire has swept the country from Condobo- lin on the Lachlan to the Bogan. Along its course on either side for miles the grass has been destroyed, and whatever impediments it met - with, in the shape of fencing and huts, have had to give way to the destroying element. On several of the Macquarie runs, the damage done has been very great. We greatly fear that if rain-— in large quantity — does not come soon, a good few of our stock-owners will be, during the summer, reduced to great straits. Indeed, ow- ing to the wholesale destruction of grass on many runs, there is talk already of travelling sheep and cattle. We hope, however, that this alternative will be obviated by a fall of rain, which will cause the grass to spring up afresh on the burnt country. The weather here re cently has been changeable. The country around here — on the Talbragar, Macquarie, and elsewhere — is much burnt ; and stock-holders are crying out for rain. On the Castlereagh rain is much wanted, and owing to the dryness of the season, the grass is getting very scanty. On the Marthaguy and Merri Merri, things are not looking so bright as could be wished. The Dubbo district stock items are as follows: — 107 fat cattle (Readford's) from Warren passed Murrungundy on Monday, for Mudgee. 36 fat cattle, M. and J. Ryan's, passed Dubbo to-day for Bathurst. About 200 fat cattle, E. and R. Ridge's, from Willie, went by Murrungundy on Monday "morning, bound for Sydney ; they were a very even lot of cattle, ouu mixeu came, Simpson and Readet's, have left St. George, Queensland, in charge of Bligh, for Dubbo. 500 stores, Cochrane and Moore's, in charge of Gal lagher, have left Gulnabar for sale either here, or Forbes. 600 mixed store cattle, J. de V. Lamb's, from the far north, in charge of Sinclair, are coming along bound for Dubbo, for sale. 1500 fat sheep, Hunt and Crawford's, have left Bur- denda, Bogan River, for Sydney. Our Obley cor respondent writes : — " In stock matters I have to report the purchase and delivery to Messrs. Stra- horn Brothers, of 500 head of store cattle from Mr. Brodie, Clifton, Flinders River, at satisfac tory prices. These cattle have been quite seven , monfbs on the road, and display careful droving, especially when the season is taken into account. 62 head prime cattle, Strahorn Brothers.;, passed for Bathurst. 4000 sheep, Lane's, owner in charge, crossed on Christmas Day, compelled to travel, owing to the Wambangalang Run being burnt. Gilmo .r and Phillips are about to start drafts of fat cattle." 150 fine cattle, cows- and bullocks, of the celebrated diamond D brand, liairo -in at Wt NTiml-iin (Griffiths. Fannine-. and Co.'s, for Sydney. The last lot sold by Mr. Fos- berry from this station were bought at 130s. all round, by Mr. Healy in Mudgee, and they were acknowledged to be, when they reached the me tropolitan yards, the finest seen there for years. 7500 store sheep, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co.'s., have left Milroy. for Riverina ; Powers, Rutherford, and Co., agents. 3700 fat sheep from Milroy passed here to-day, in charge of W. O. Smith, for Melbourne; P., R.; and Co., eg- nts. 2010 fat wethers, Hughes', bought from Mr. Bird, of Won- bobbie, will pass in about a week for Sydney via Bathurst. —A 