BcrTEE.— 26,280 lbs ct butter were shipped to London from Auckland the other day. : Tee Weatheb and Bcsb-fiess in the Imtebioe. We {tfaitUnd Mercury) are favoured with the follow ing intelligence which was contained in correspondence recently received by a mercantile firm iu M&itUnd; :_ 'Yiirraman, December 27, 1871. We h&& very hot. weather for a week up till yesterday, when a. line arop of rain fell, and it in oool to-day.'— 'Eocky Greek, Barraba, January 5, VS!2. I am hMpy to.«aj that we had a fine rain up here, and itis ami runing and has been all day. I do not know whether it is a general rain or not. It will make nioe gnus, and it wai badly wanted.' We also hear from the Narron that bushfirea have been very destruotive there ; and at Angledool they are reported as burning on both sides of tbe river. Patches of grans, however, had been left, so that the cattle would not take harm, and rain had been threat- i ening but none had fallen. This was on the 30th December ; and on the 3rd of January some fine Tain camp down, so feed will be plentiful. Native CHEUUEB.-The tfartlind Mercury wyi :— : We observe among the variety of oraameptal trees ia the court-house zeserve at East Muitland a very ' thriving native cherry tree— the tree with a smiH dark green leaf, which commonly grows at the aide rif «reeki 7nnd rivers, and bean an elongated red fleshy berry, with a round -stone in theoentre. The tree inqaes tion is well loaded with fruit, whioh, thongh aot quite so large at ia the wild specimens we have seen, a smoother Kiid otheririse finer, as if the cultivation had somewhat improved tbe berry. We do not remember having observed any wild trees of the species so far from water bearing eo well as in the specimen referred to, and we «e not aware whether the tree has ever been cultivated before. The taste of 'the berry is (tlwara, when -ripest, slightly but cot uopleaaaJntly acid, and thcie is on Absence of-the astringent or -woody tecte couimon to uK-at of our purely indigenous fruits. 