FLUKE. THE following Bucoinofc report on liver fluke in sheep bas been furnishod to the Victorian Chief Secretary by Mr. Curr, the Chief Inspector of Shoop Melbourne, 7th. Sept., 1872. Ho the hon. the Chief Secretary Sir,-1, Consequent on a notica of question, in the Legislative Assembly, respecting the fluke in sheep, I have the honour to report on the subject for your information. 2. Concerning the fluke, then, it may be stated that for a considerable period after the introduc tion of sheep into this colony ^ that disease was almost, if not entirely, unknown here, and that it did not attract attention prior to the year 1846. 3\. About the period it began to be well known on the Upper Goulbarn and Murray, on the Devil's River, and in the country to the eastward of the Sydney-road generally, as well as in some few other localities. 4. Aboat the year 1864 the disease bad become of importance, and since that period it has constantly gone on spreading. 5\. Fluke may now almost bo said to have extended more or leas throughout the colony, with the exception of the Bait-bush plains. Flocks on the saline swampy country near the coast suffer from it, as well as occasionally those in firmer country, in which water is brackish, but as a rule it ia most pre valent in the mountainous country, in which it first mnde its appearance. 6\. This disease for several years has not been confined to sheep, but has extended its ravages to cattle, opos sums, kangavoo, &c.;, and it is rumoured the men occasionally suffer from it, whilst the horse is said to be exempt. ; 7. The wild hop and other bitter plants which grow iu the mountains, and are eaten by the sheep, do not assist the ravages of fluke. 8. Fluke attacks lambs at a very early age, but those dropped by flukey ewes on salt, bush country do not inherit the same. 9\. Whilst the pastures of the colony are decidedly firmer under foot, and to some extent better drained and less rank than they used to be (changes favourable to the disappearance of fluke), yet these advantages have been more than outweighed of late years by the following unfavourable conditions, ? vizi-the habitually insufficient supply of grass allowed to our flocks ; the free access of the sheep (since paddocks have taken the place of shepherds) to ewampy pasturage ; the decrease from overstocking of our prime and whole some grasses, and the substitution in their stead of innuterative auil inferior : ones ; the gradual dissemination of the germs'or ova of fluke, to which should probably be added the almost complete cessation of bushfires. 10. The losses ?which have taken' place in the colony from fluke during the last fifteen years have been enormous, aud on many runs the deaths of sheep are iu advance of the number of lambs weaned. 11. No cure for fluke is known; but drainage, the avoidance of swampy pasturage, a plentiful allowance of tiutritious food (the restoration of our better grasses), with a full supply of ; salt, will certainly bring the evil within very narrow limits. 12. As sheep not too far gone with fluke will readily fatten on certain pastures, owners should, if possible, get rid of them in good time for this purpose, replace them with strong, healthy sheep, and not keep the same animals or their descendants for too long a period, but if the country be naturally flukey, change their stock from time to time. 13\. Having thus placed before you the leadiug facts connected with the fluke in sheep in this colony, I have the honour to point out that it hardly seems to trie that beneficial results could be anticipated respecting this disease from the sort of Government interference which has been adopted with respect to scab. Any steps for securing the spread of knowledge on the subject would of course be bene ficial, and were constant inspections made of flocks with reference to this disease, for report and publication, the publicity thus drawn to losses sustained by individuals would probably load to more energetic action aud a mitigation of the evil. 14. Whilst offering these suggestions, it is important that I should bring under j'our notice, as fluke is infectious in a minor degree only, the neglect of others respecting it does not practically deprive tho sheepowuer of the management of his own flock, as is the case with scab, nor saddle the diligent with the consequences of tho negligence of tho unthrifty owner. Regretting, that full time was not . allowed me before I was called on to report on this subject, I have the houour to be, sir, your obedient servant, EDWAKD M'CAW. 