HOME NEWS, (From the European Mail.) The Anglo-Australian in London writes '■—• i V Colonial matters are occupying a good deal of attention just now—materially, politically, and socially. Time w$s when oar colonies were pooh-poohed, but their value in a com mercial point of view, as an outlet for our ■urplu8~ population, and an ever-reouperate field for enterprise and capital, is now gene rally recognised. Facts are stubborn things, and figures demonstrate truths so unmistak ably that there is no getting over them ; and so it has come to pass that Statistics have been more powerful Oratory—though ora tory bas done its fair share of the work—in demonstrating the worth and value of our colonies to the United Xingdom. There is the article of wool : what would be the price of.a coat but for colonial enterprise ? Then there iB msat, tallow, butter, and hides, all supplementing and cheapening articles of. home » consumption. Where should we bé bnt for the aid we get from our colonies in respect of these-, industries ? And further. will any clever economist inquire what would now be the state x>f the United Kingdom if, . daring the last twenty years there had been ho such outlet as our polonies for our surplus ' population, in ór^er to demonstrate bow we ¿liould have been crippled for space, and how competition in every department of labour jWojjid have created'no end of discord—if not something worse. Why, reasoned out from this, point of view, our oolonies have been our salvation; and yet we find men—aye, and men of high standing and repute for intellec tual acumen—unwilling to concede them the merit justly their due, of having added to the wealth and importance of well-nigh every commercial city in the world. What they have done within the brief space of a man's lifetime is really wonderful. And what they may do in the future, in order that he might basten their ultimate development. Gould be see this in bis minds eye, how rich and varied would be the prospect ! But statesmen now-a-days are not apt. to take mental photo-. graphs of the future. " Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof " is a maxim which they hold in extreme reverence, because it is an easy aud happy-go-lucky sort of maxim, which could only have been invited as an excuse for the mental incapacity of people who cannot entertain and reaaou out two ideas at one and the same time. Tbe time has arrived, however, when colonial matters —and their character and importance are le gion—cannot be left to the chapter of acci dents. Every experienced captain knows the value of a reliable " look-out -whether he be on a lee-shore or in mid-ocean ; and so every colonist should recognise the impor tance of a " good look-out " in all the com mercial and political centres of Europe in bis behalf. Scarcely a day passes in which something does not crop up in which he is in terested, and scarcely a day passes in which something does not occur which would bring him kudos if there were anyone with public spirit enough to watch tbe opportunities. What, however, a private individual could not undertake, could be well performed by a public institution ; and this brings me to con sider the importance of such an institution as the Colonial Institute in connection with colo nial affairs. Tbe Duke of Manchester, its president, tskes a deep interest in the inci dence of colonial trade and industries ; its council is composed of distinguished and in fluential men, more or less familiar with colo nial affairs, and its committee is made up en tirely of colonists, I will not say representing, but hailing from every division of our colo nial empire. Such an institution can do much good—not by meddling with the politics or the internal economy of any given colony, but by watching affairs on this side, and giving timely notice of any threatened innovations by suggestions in a friendly spirit ; by opening the eyes of the public to the value of our colonies ; by meeting and refuting ignorant and aggressive attacks, which are too often made tbe medium of the publie press ; by giving a stimulus to any I new industries which may come under its no tice ; by educating the Government of this ! country as to the true nature of our colonial relations ; and by the reading and dissemina ting of Dapers upon these and kindred topics i throughout the length and breadth of the | United Kingdom, as also in every colony and dependency where the English language is spoken. With such a lever a9 this, what might not be effected in the way of colonial reform?"The secretary would, of course, be in communication with every Chamber of Com- ; merce and scientific institution in the world, j and thus valuable and important ideas would be exchanged. His Boyal Highness the Duke of Edin burgh having proffered to the South Kensing- ¡ ton Museum the use of Che collection which has been formed by him during his cruises in different parts of the world, tbe offer was readily and tbankfully accepted. There was 1 a private view of this beautiful and instruc tive collection on January 24, when a large number of scientific men and others attended. In the Australian department were to be seen birds, hunting trophies, native-arms, and sil ver-work. His Boyal Highness is a far- see ing and practical man, and, I have no doubt, made this collection public, as some return for the kindness he received at the places which he visited. Here the stay-at-home man may see at a glance tbe wonders which he has not the pluck to explore, and tbe ex istence of which he looked upon as a myth or a tale for a story-book. There are thousands euch in the United Kingdom. With such practical teaching as the above, however, they will become less sceptical and better informed. The intrinsic value of this collection is some thing immense, and I suppose his Royal High ness does not now grudge the cost of the pre sents he made in return for it. The Queensland Government has arranged to send out about 300 emigrants to th'at colony i by tbe Indus, which will sail about the latter ! end of March. Sir Hercules Robinson, K C.M.G., who re signed his appointment as Governor of Cey - Ion on his being appointed Governor-in-Chief at Sydney, New South Wales, will shortly arrive in ^London on bis way to his new seat of government, staying in England a couple of months prior to his departure. He is sure to pay a visit to the Hon. ( ■. Cowper, the Agent-General in this country for the colony be is called upon to govern, by whom be is sure to be courteously receired and generally informed upon colonial matters. I have heard, too, that it is tbe intention of several influential colonists to entertain Sir Hercules at a soiree, similar to that which was given to tbe Marquis of Normanhy on the eve of his departure for Queensland. By - the - by, speaking of the Marquis of Normanby re reminda me that I said " he would be found to be the right man' in the right place,'' and it is therefore with something like a feel ing of satisfaction that I hear this sentiment re-eohoed baok from the colony. Sir Hercules has the reputation of being " a man of pro gressive views," and if so he will be just the man for New South Wales, which is like a greyhound in the leash, and anxious to make headway in the race for pre-emi nence. The Agent-General for New South Wales, I am told, will send out by the Thyatira, to sai! abotat the middle of February, about twelve 18*ton guns. He is also contracting for the conversion of a large number of smooth bore 68-pounders to 80-pounderg and for the manufacture of some 12-ton guns for the de fence of Sydney. Each will be accompanied by an adeqaate supply of ammunition; I am informed that the War Office offer every fa cillty for carrying out these contracts. Why, with all these guns and ammunition, New ! South Wales will be quite a warlike power, I and a commission in her army will be a distinc tion to be desired. j I heâr it is still on the cards that a company may be started to work the celebrated Fitz roy mines, which, as my readers are aware, are situated near Berima. When 1 remem ber that there is capital iron there, that a jail way runs fïom Sydney to the southern country, and that there are lime and coal close to .the min^s, I am justified in saying jfchat capitalists'tpay find many worse forms óf investment. I need hardly add that it will ,be a bright day* for the colony when it can manufacture its own rails out of its own now dormant resources. Talking of rails reminds me that there are now 100 tons of ateel rails, from the Swansea (Wales, England) Iron Works, now ready for shipment to South Australia. I may state that on many of our lines notably on the Metropolitan—steel rails are superseding the use of iron. " St. Tammant."—" The Tammany Ring is broken/' were words that a short time aao came whizzing through the Atlantic Cable, carrying pleasure in their sound to many on this side the ocean. Who or what is Tom-, many ?—was the question on almost every lip; for we believe that many who rejoiced that the Tammany Ring had been severed knew not whence camo the origin of the name. They knew it was democratic, that was all. But what have we got to do with Tammany ? it may be asked. Why, every thing; for Tammanv, besides being the tutelary saint of a not very reputable section of democrats, was an agricultural pioneer. He was an Indian chief, who, in his youth, i resided in the Delaware country, but after wards moved beyond the Alleghanies, and settled on the banks of the Ohio, where he taught his tribe that the science of agricul ture was far more profitable than the art of war ; that the ploughshare and the pruning hook were better far for their welfare than the sword or spear. An old play tells us, " This is the first of May ; our shepherds and nymhs are celebrating our glorious St. Tam many's day. We'll hear the song out, and chorus o'er and o'er again. This day shall be devoted to joy and festivity.*' We are glad thus to be able to remove the stain from the name of the yood old native agricultur ist. J A Knowing Stag.—Harry King's favour ite old hunter Pantaloon, and the celebrated deer Doctor, were shot at Ascot on January ' 8, last, by order of the Earl of Cork, the mas* : ter of Her Majesty's buckhounds. Pantaloon 1 had cairied Harry King many seasons with j the hounds, but since last year he had been I used by him as a hack. The poor old hunter was under the direction of the noble Earl, buried in Kenel Green, Ascot, opposite to Harry King's residence. The Doctor is well known to every sportsman who has been in I the habit of hunting with the royal pack as the best stag ever followed across country. During the last ten years as age crept on him he grew too cunning to run. Latterly he al ways knew honTto shorten the runs, and whea the hounds were after him he madë to the first village or farmhouse, where be gene rally got into comfortable quarters. Two years ago, when turned out at Denham Court, near Uxbridge, he took a fancy to Maiden head, and quartered himself in a baker's shop ; and another time he patronised a butcher's shop at Windsor. He also paid a visit twice to Her Majesty at Windsor Castle. Once he got into a clergyman's library at Berkshire. Doctor's last hunt was on Boxing Day, when he uncarted at Winkfield. He only gave a quarter of an hour's run, and then entered a farm- house and leisurely walked up the passage and entered the drawing-room, where a lady was sitting. Knowing his docile char acter, she put her arm round his neck, which he allowed her to do, and quietly led him out by the back door, when he jumped a fence into a sheepfold and there lay quietly until the whips arrived to band him into the deer cart. Six Women Claiming One Husband.— An occurrence of a singular charactor, illus trating another instance of mistaken iden- ' tity, has just taken place at Kirk Kangley, a village a few miles from Derby. Some fifteen or twenty years ago, a man twenty or twenty- ¡ five years of age, named Diligence Kerry, left that village to fulfil an appointment in j India. Previous to his departure, however, he married, but left behind him his wife in England, it having been arranged that h& should provide a suitable home and then sejtid I for her. Before he had time to do so he was informed privately that his wife had died from a very serious attack of gastric fever. Other friends in England wrote to the same i effect, and of course the news was considered authentic. Years rolled on, ana Kerry, hav- ¡ ing dccided to return to England, arrived at i his native village, and settled down in " Star ling Cottage," where he now resides. Not long had he been there before be was recog- , nised by a Mrs Rucktuck, of Liverpool, as Ihe husband of a neighbour who left the country many years ago. She at once com municated with the woman, who, upon seeing the man identified him as her husband. Kerry denied all knowledge of the woman, and a good deal of consternation naturally ensued. In the meantime, whilst proof was being sent for, a second' woman (Mrs Spass). also identified him as a man who had been marked to her, and then deserted her. Other woiaen to the number of four, subsequently denoun ced him as a " cruel deceiver," and stated that they had been taken by him at different times, to the hymenial altar in various parts of the country, and then left without cause or notice, they being unable to ascertain his whereabouts. To prove his innocence he communicated with his late employers in In dia, and they forwarded affidavits that he was in their employ, and at work, on the dates it was allegeed he had contracted matrimony in England. As soon as this fact became known doubts were expressed amongst the several claimants as to his being their respective hus band, and the accusations were accordingly withdrawn. The Letters of Junios.—The Lord Chief Justice of England has undertaken to sum up, in a series of critical articles in the Academy, the whole of the circumstantial evidence res pecting the authorship of the " Letters of Junius," including that of handwriting, as lately brought forward by the Hon. E. Twif leton and Mr Chabot. An Important Publication.—We are told, on good authority, that an historical work, from the pen of an illustrious foreigner now residing in England, will be published within a few days. It will contain a careful compilation of official documents, will furnish some startling revelation about the military French system previously to and during the late war, and will offer precise explanations on many important points which, up to this d¡ y, form the subject of discussion. A Gold Casket is to be presented to the Baroness Burdett-Coutts, with a resolution of the Markets Committee, by the Corporation of London, as a memorial of the transfer by her ladyship of the Columbia Market to the City, It has been appropriately deemed ad visable to illustrate on this beautiful bijou the ; charitable actions for which the Bnroness Burdett-Coutts has become distinguished, and to carry out this object, the box is divided in to eight panels, seven being occupied by en graved tableaux of acts of mercy ;—" Feedin« the hungry," "Giving drink to the thirsty," " Clothing the naked," Visiting the cap tive," *• Lodging the homeless," " Visiting the sick," and «' Burying the dead." The eighth and centre panel in front bears the arms and supporters of her ladyship, chased in high relief, and enamelled in the heraldic colours. Supporting the box are four angelic figures, emblematic of Prudence, Justice, Temperance, and Fortitude. The lid bears or. the front an engraving of a fishing scene, in allusion to the foundation of the market, and the corresponding panel at the back is occupied by an appropriate inscription. The City arms and supporters form the apex of the lid, and round its edge run the words— " Let your light so shine beJore men that they may see your works and glorify your Father which is in heaven.'* The inside of the lid hears an engraving of the front of the Columbia Market. The Tichbobne Case.—On the 15th Jan. the Attorney-General commenced his speech for the defence in the Tichborne case, and is still far from being concluded, his object being to show, by a vast cumulation of evidence, that the claimant knew hardly anything that Hoger Tichborne must have known, especially how to spell his own name, and in what county Tichborne Park was situated, knew a great deal that Boger Tichborne could not have known, and has sworn to some " three thousand '' falsehoods invented by himself to supply the deficiencies of his Tichborne knowledge. The speech has produced a profound impression. Sir J. D. Coleridge read a letter in the Tich borne case written by Arthur Orton in Lon don, but purporting to be from Wagga Wagga. He impugned counsel continuing in the case any longer. Messrs Balla»tine and Giffard angrilly retorted. Messrs Rose & Son, soli citors for claimant, had withdrawn from the case before this. Sir J. D. Coleridge's speech is not yet finished : but the evidence seems irresistable that the claimant is Arthur Or« ton. The Suppression of Drunkenness.—The Liverpool magistrates are going to try a new plan of suppressed drunkenness. Besides fining the inebriates, they intend to publish their names and addresses, believing that publicity will have a deterrent effect, where a money penalty or the loss of a few hours' liberty would have none. The plan has been devised by Mr Robertson Gladstone, brother to the Premier, and will be put in operation forthwith. The Vacant Houses m Stamfobd Street.—Those of our readers abroad who have resided in London will remember the vacant houses at the corner of Stamford Street, Blackfriars Road. By the ignorant they were supposed to be . haunted, and strange tales of murder and violence were circulated in connection with them. By many, however, these houses were supposed to be in Chancery, and their neglected con dition was attributed to the long pending nature of the claim. But this was not the case. The real owner was an eccentric lady named Reid, who possessed a large amount of bouse property, which for some reason or the other, she preferred to keep tenantlees, and allowed to run to decay. She died the other da}\ leaving the whole of her property said to be worth £110,000, to the Brompton Consumptive Hospital. The Chignon Mabket.—A recent iiumber of a leading Icelandic newspaper, we are told j contains an Advertisement which to ladies will be not a little alarming. It runs as follows ;—" Two Russian merchants Messrs j Jobaunesberg and Welensky, have arrived i in this country, who are desirous oí buying women's hair. They pay well." The full j significance of this announcement will be at once apparent. Russia, wliicb up to this j tiuie has supplied chignons with liberal hand ; to the coifieura of London and Paris, has at length given in, aud the dealers have been obliged to seek in the uttermost parts of the earth for the necessary material for their trade and to " pay well for it. Probably the inducement thus held out will have the de sired effect, but when all the available tresses of proverty-stricken Icelandic women have fallen under the scissors of Messrs Johan nesberg and VVele-isky, where are those en terprising gentlemen to look for a further, supply ? Unless the leaders of feminine fashion can introduce a taste for the wooly curls of Africa, or the course black hair of the Tartar races, we fear that they will some day be compelled to content themselves with the plaits and twists with which nature has supplied them, or else fall back upon fine flax, dyed to suit the complexion. Condurango Root, the reputed specific for cancer, is becoming a subject of speculation in Ecuador and the United states. In, Ecuador it has reached £17 a ton, butin New York it has been selling for fabulous prices, though its virtues are contested. The Go vernment of Ecuador has imposed an export duty. The Condurango root is now reported to have been discovered by Mr Simmons in the neighbourhood of Santa Marta in Colum bia, or New Granada, and a small shipment has been made to the United States. It is not stated whether it has been tried for cancer in this country. A Woman Marbying a Woman.—The other day one of the officers of the county police was sent to Greenock to bring a prison er through to Edinburgh, The prisoner is a young woman belonging to Inverness shire, who bas been " wanted " by the police for some time back on the charge of personating a man. Last year sbe worked for a consider able time as a labourer in the neighbourhood of Kirknewton, and so masculine was she in appearance that none of her fellow workers suspected her of belonging to the softer sex. By-and-bye she fell in love with a young woman, a native of Ireland, and the two were ultimately married. For a while they lived together happily, it is said ; but a quarrel having taken place, the wife informed the police of the true sex of her " husband." The latter did not want a visit from " the gentlemen in blue,'' and at once made ber escape from the neighbourhood. She was not heard of until the other day, when she was apprehended at Greenock, where she had been working as a labourer. The police vras communicated with, and as we have already said, an officer was sent to bring the prisoner to Edinburgh. Tötete Colonial Pbess.—Her Majesty's Commissioners are desirous of obtaining for the Exhibition of 1872, with a view to show the decennial progress of popular topograyby specimens of the newspapers and periodicals published in all parts of the world during the months of January or February 1872. In order that suoh specimens may he properly arranged, it is desirable that they should be fot warded to the Exhibition as soon as pos sible after they are published. Thk Steamer "Queün of the Thames." —At the Sessions House Newington Cause way, a writ of inquiry to assess the amount of damages in an action brought in the Court of Exchequer, was heard the other day before the Under-Sberiff and a special jury. Mr H. James, Q.C., and Mr Cohen were counsel for plaintiff. The plaintiff, Captain G. Macdoa ald, was the master of the Queen of the Thames (s), wreefced'^t Cape Agulhas last March, and tlie defeedapt was Mr G. W. Goyder, Surveyor-General of Australia, and the action was brought to recover for a libel contained in a letter written by the defend ant and published in the Times of May 22. It may be remembered it was stated that a bush fire or wrecker's light was mistaken for tbe light at Cape Agulha?, and the vessel went ashore. An inquiry into the loa« was held at Bredasdorp, in the colony, ami the Court held the plaintiff, the captain, mates and crew to be free from blame, attributing the cause of the stranding of the ship—first to the disarrangement or deviation of the com passes on board ; secondly to the unsteadi ness and uncertainty of the currents in that direction ; and thirdly, to a bright fixed light or a bush-fire that was burning before the accident, which was calculated to mislead the managers of the vessel. The Court, there fore, had no reason to cancel or suspend the certificates of either the captain or any of the mates. It was stated that on the parties reaching Cape Town the defendant endea voured to induce the authorities to institute another inquiry. On arriving in England, the Board of Trade directed an investigation into the loss, to be held at Greenwich, but Mr Maude, the Magistrate, ruled that he had no jurisdiction, an inquiry having already been instituted in the colony. The defend ant wrote the letter in question to the Times, and it was alleged there was passages in the letter which reflected upon the conduct of the plaintiff as master, on the occasion of the wreck of the vessel. The defendant had allowed judgment to pass by default, and had returned to Australia. Captain Mac donald, the plaintiff was examined, and he denied the charges contained in the letter. He did all he could to assist and comfort the passengers. If the light they saw had been that of Cape Agulhas, the course steered would have cleared all danger. Mr Murray the chief officer, and Mr Moore, part-owner of the vessel, who was on board, said the plaintiff performed his duty as a master pro« perly, and did all be could for the safety and comfort of the passengers. The mistake in the light was not to be attribnted to any de fault on the part of the master. The jury awarded the plaintiff £100. Home Kcxe.—Some fifteen hundred Irish men met in Dundee on Jau. 13, to consider the question of Home Hule for Ireland. In the course of the proceedings, which were very orderly, two resolutions were passed, one binding the Irishmen of the town to co operate with their brethern elsewhere in securing for Ireland her native Government, and to the other appointing a committee to assist the Dublin committee in every possible way to obtain the re-establishment of the Irish Parliament. Some strong language was indulged in, and the consequence of a refusal of what were regarded as the just rights of Ireland was said to be recourse to bloodshed. Mb Spubgeon, on Jan. 2, lectured at the Metropolitan Tabernacle on bis recent visit to Rome and the journey thither. The mag nificent building was crowded in every part and even the passages were turned into sit tiug places. The sight of the thousands of well dressed people rising to their feet my common consent, in a beautifully lighted building, to welcome the lecturer with every demonstration of enthusiasm, was a sight not soon to be forgotten. Such a gathering at the Metropolitan Tabernacle is always an attractive harvest-field for the pickpocket fraternity, and although Mr Spurgeon at the time early warned his audience of the pre sence of thieves, the rogues managed to gain their end, and amongst others who were rob bed a lady brought by Mr Spurgeon himself hai ber pocket containing a purse»dexterously cut away from her dress. The eagerness manifested to hear the lecture was so great that a promise was held out during the even ing that it wiU be repeated at some futnre time. Just before the lecture one of the gifts common at the Tabernaole was handed up, viz, a cheque for £*200, half for the Orphan age, and the remainder for the College con nected with the church. In the course of an address delivered on Jan. 13 to workmen, Mr Spurgeon commented on the excuses people made for not going to the church. Some people, said Mr Spurgeon, complain that they cannot understand the sermons they hear. The reason was, that ministers would use big words. He (Mr Spurgeon) always endeavoured to get rid of all the big words out of his sermons, and was as particu lar as their wives were to get the stones out of the plumb-pudding. They would get in somehow, but the main thing iras to preach as simply as possible. Long sermons, also, were a great evil. If a person preached a long sermon, it was because he had nothing to say. It might appear odd, but it was nevertheless a fact, that, when people had nothing to say, they took a long time about it : but when they .--had got something worth telling, they otfr with it at once. Therefore he repeated, when a man makes a long ser mon, he sets out with a very little and begins to spin, spin, spin. He was of the same opinion as Dr Chalmers, who was once asked how Io:i£ it took to make a sermon. " That," he replied, " depended upon how long you wanted it. If your sermon is to be ^ an hour long, it will take you three days. If it is to be three-quarters of an hour, it may take you two days, or perhaps only one ; but if you are going to preach for an hour, why there is not much occasion to think a great deal about t. It may be done in an hour." It is stated upon authority that the Gov ern ment of the Dominion of Canada are about to construct a railway through British territory to the Pacific. Â curious advertisement appeared in the Times last week. A practical and scientific seaman required £10,000 to. demonstrate the practicability of reaching Australia in thirty days, via Cape, in an unsinkable skimmer of of the seas. It looks very well on paper, but will it come off? Great excitment prevailed in India and Ceylon on the steamer Darra arriving at Calcutta from the Andaman Islands with the news of the assassination of the Viceroy Lord Mayo. Accompanied by Lady Mayo, the Marquis and Marchioness of Drogheda, Lord and Lady Donougbmore, and a party of over 30 guests and suite, the Viceroy left Calcutta on tbe 24th January on a visit to British Burmah, the Andaman Islands, and thence back by Orissa to the capital. Tbe party were conveyed in two steamers, H.M.S. Glas gow (the Admiral's flagship) and the British Indian Company's steamer Darra. The Viceroy arrived at Rangoon on tbe 28th, and received a splendid reception, while inspec tions and ceremonials followed, this being the first visit of a Governor-General to Burmah, The party then proceeded to Moulmein, and on the 6th February left for the Andaman Islands, arriving on the 8th. On the after noon of that day the Viceroy landed to in spect tbe Fort Blair convict settlement, after which he visited Hopetown. Beturning to embark in the steam launch of the Glasgow abont 7 30 p m, a convict (under sentence of transportation for murder), hiding about the pier, broke through the guards, sprang on Lord Maj'o, and stabbed him twice in the back, through the left lung and liver. Lord Mayo fell or sprang off the pier into the water, aud was drawn into tbe launch. lie said, " I am not much hurt then " Lift up 1 my head," and soon after expired. Lady Mayo was waiting on board the Glasgow for her husband to return to dinner, but instead she received his coróse. The assassin was seized, and turned out to be a ticket of-leave man. "Shere AH," a Mahommedan, and from the borders ° Affghanistan. He was tried and sentenced to death, but seemed triumphant, declaring that God had ordered him to kill the enemy of his country. Policemen, it appeared, formed the guard on the occasion, and being dark a line of convicts was placed outside with torches. In the concussion three got overturned. The deed is clearly the resnlt of fanaticism. The remains of the Viceroy were conveyed in the Glasgow to Calcutta, and thence by Lady Mayo's desire, they are to be taken to Europe. Intense sympathy is felt throughout India. Lord Napier of Merchiston, from Madras, succeeds as Acting Viceroy and Governor General ; while the Hon. Mr Arbuthnott aets as Governor of Madras. At Lord and Lady Napier's farewell recep tion, every one wss dressed in morniog. Sie Fbascis Cbossley.—We deeply regret to announce the death of Sir Francis Crossley the senior member for the northern division of the West Biding. The hon. baronet who received his title in 1863, was 54 years of age. He entered Parliament in 1852 for Halifax, his native town, and seven years afterwards in conjunction with Sir John Ramsden contested the then undivided West Riding, a vast constituency, with 40,000 electors. Sir John Ramsden came in at the head of the poll with. 16,978 ; Sir Francis Cro-sley followed with 15,401 ; and Mr Stuart Wortley formerly Recorder of London I who stood as a Conservative, polled at 13,636 I votes, and was defeated. By the Appropria tion of Seats Act, 1861, the West Riding was divided, and the Reform Act of 1867 split it into three constituencies. Sir Francis offered himself to the electors of the northern divi sion, and both in 1865 and in 1868 he was returned without opposition. His failing health has for some time caused him to with draw from political life ; but his name will be long remembered, as well for bis sterling adherence to Liberal principles as fear the munificence of his charities to the town of Halifax. Challenge to Sib Chables Dilke.—At the Lord Mayor's banquet at York, on Jan. 10, Mr Milbank, M.P. for the .North Riding in responding to the toast of " The House of Commons," denounced Sir C. Dilke as a traitor in the camp, who bad made statement» contrary to truth, and had made insinuations against the Crowo, the Government and the Queen personally. He would himself, on the first opportunity, ask Sir Charles Dilke whether he was prepared to repeat his state ments in the House of Commons. Them should be no shirking of the matter. The directors of the Freemason's Tavern have refused the use of tbeir Hall for a Dilke demonstration. Application bas been made for other halls, butin all cases it has met with a refusal. Ms JosephGillott.—One of the Birming ham's chisf Captains of industry has passed away after a long, successful and honourable oareer. Mr Joseph Gillott died, from bronchits on January 5, at the ripe age of 72\. Of late years he had been frequently troubled with this complaint during the winter months. His was a life full of valu able lessons for youth. From first to last it was a life of self-help. Sobriety, industry straight forward and honourable conduct in all things, coupled with shrewd sense, inde fatigable energy, and a genius for mechanics were the elements on which his success was built up. Very fitting might the name of Joseph Gillott find a place in a new edition of MrSmiles's " Industrial Biography.'' 