COUNTRY NOTES. The Maradgery Hotel, nine miles from Hay, -was burned to the ground on the morning of the 21st. A heavy thunderstorm is reported to have passed over Orange, Carcoar, Goulburn, and -other places last week. The Manning Times has been informed that some of the sugar-cane growing in the Manning \- River, district has suffered from severe frost. Mr. Alfred Stokes, while on his way to Currajong on Monday morning, - was stuck-up, .about eight miles from Forbes, by an armed bushranger, and robbed of his horse and saddle. Some of fhe teachers in the Manning River district (says the News) are so much dissatisfied with regulations recently promulgated, that they are preparing to leave the service of the Council of Education. Defining Roads. — We think that all the main roads ought to be defined. We are con tinually hearing of roads being blocked by fences, and at this season of the vear it is not very pleasant for traffic to have to find a con solidated or beaten road in the bush. The country lands are being taken up now so quickly that it is the duty of the Government to have the Toads surveyed. — Albury Banner. Labor on the Clarence. — We have seen three letters during the past fortnight from the Clarence, and each one complains about the scarcity of farm servants ; they cannot be ob tained. In 1 two instances the persons in re ceipt of the letters were requested to send labor from the Manning — and in one case travelling expenses paid. It is also stated that the wages run from £35 to £10 per annum with rations. — Manning Times. Steam Company. — We are informed that at :-a meeting, held at Taree, it was determined to . form a local Steam Company. The capital of the company is to be £6,000, with power to in crease that amount if necessary. The shares are to represent £2 10s. each', of which 5s. is to be paid on application, 5s. on allotment, and the remainder in instalments at 3, 6, 9, and 12 months. Provisional directors - and other -officers were also chosen at this meeting. — Manning River News.- ' Frontage Holders v. Blockers. — The court-hoase at Gulgong was thronged on Tues day, the cases of trespass exciting a good deal of interest. Mr. Richard Johnson, solicitor on behalf of frontage holders, withdrew all the cases trom betore tnat bencn, on tne alleged grounds that one of the magistrates had already given a decision on the matter, and that the other had publicly expressed an opinion adverse to his clients. The police magistrate stated that he had decided not to hear the cases. The other magistrate denied that he had formed an opinion .as stated. It is probable that there will be a reference to the Supreme Court. Extension of the Western Railway. — It is expected that the railway will be completed to Macquarie Plains by the end of the month. -This will bring the travelling public within an hour of Bathurst, the road between the two places being in very fair condition. The plat form walls have been erected at Macquarie Plains, and a waiting-shed and booking- office have been put together in Sydney, and are ready to be sent down. The works have been retarded, owing to the difficulty of getting labor, many of the men who were employed having gone to the gold mines. — Careoar Chronicle. Melancholy Accident. — The Cumberland Times reports the occurrence of a very sad acci dent on the 21st inst., at Riverstone, on the Windsor branch ot railway. Une ot tne children of Mr. Titterton, station- master at Riverstone, was accidentally run over by the ballast train. The child was brought to Parramattaby a special train at half-past eight o'clock, and put under the charge of Dr. Brown. From what we could learn, it appeared that the child was going along -.the line towards her father, who was about 300 yards off, when a ballast train came along, but she was not noticed until too late. The train "knocked the child down, and the wheels passed -over her ankles, cutting the feet clean off. The child is only two years old. Boat Accident. — On Friday morning (21st inst,), about 9 o'clock, a fishing boat, manned by -two men named Johnson an'd Martin, proceeded ' between two and three miles outside Hobby's, and after a short time signals of distress we're made by the look-out man on Captain Allan's Hill. One of the pilot boats, with a full crew, immediately put out to the rescue, and found .jUav Willibu Oil lllO llbllillt UilC Ol tile men, having climbed the mast to clear the hal yards, had upset their boat, and after some little trouble had got on to her keel, and were there supporting themselves until assistance could be Tendered. The two men were in a very exhausted ...state, having been on the bottom of their boat nearly two hours. Captain Allan, on learning the catastrophe, took the steamer Hunter and proceeded to the spot, and was enabled to tow ' ,all the boats into harbor. — Newcastle Chronicle. Bush-Fires. — A destructive fire broke out at Maitland - Yale, Mr. C. Button's, on Thursday week, near noon (says thie Maitland Mercury'), by which a considerable area of valuable grass was consumed, and the wooden buildings near the homestead and hay shed were at one time in great danger of being burnt. A strong muster of neighbors quickly assembled, and late in the afternoon the fire was extinguished. Its origin is a mystery (as the spot where the fire was first observed is away from any road or thoroughfare), and can only be attributed to the carelessness of some smoker : throwing down a match while passing through the paddock. Too great care cannot be exercised in this respect, as, although now in winter weather, the grass is so dry this season that it ignites as readily as in the height - of summer. Murrumbidgee- bred Sheep.— As an illus tration of the improving quality of the flocks of the Murrumbidgee, we may mention that a few days since Mr. F. Jenkins, of Buckingbbng, was offfYrfifJ. fl/nrl rpfnspr? twAn-f-.v-fi vp cVnllirkrro o Vior? by Mr. Forth for the cut of one-half of a little lot of three hundred and sixteen hoggets, form ing a portion of his stud flock. These sheep were bred by Mr. Jenkins, from Baily and Macarthur rams, and carry a really magnificent fleece. Some of them are very high-class animals, indeed, and would, if picked, bring exceedingly high prices. Mr. Jenkins, we un derstand, intends forwarding ten or twelve of them, his well-known bull Fairy Prince, and some other stock, to the forthcoming Jerilderie show, and his pluck, it is to be hoped, will be rewarded with a share of the prizes. — Wagga Wagga Express. Melancholy Death. — On Monday, June 17, a magisterial inquiry took place before Dr. Peers, J. P., touching the death of an old man named Timothy Pawsey, late a shepherd in the employment of Mr. Ryrie, at Enaweena. From the evidence it appeared that the poor old fellow, who was about 68 years of age, had been ailing for about a week previous to his death. He left his employment for the purpose of consulting the doctor in. Warren, but could only reach the Duck Holes, sixteen miles from Warren. The excessive vomit/in c. cramns. and nnwinu bad reduced his already feeble body to a shadow. He managed to get to Mr. Hayes' hut, where, the evidence showed, he received all the atten tion that charity and kindness could prompt. He was evidently of that class of " old hands" that are now fast dying out. His death was caused by exhaustion, consequent on incipient cholera, brought on by exposure to cold and damp. — Bubbo Dispatch. Clever Capture. — Several complaints (says the Wagga Wagga Advertiser of Saturday last) have been made lately of the prevalence of horse-stealing in the neighborhood, and . the police have been blamed for allowing the culprits to Blip through their fingers. It would appear, however, from the following that they can be smart enough when anything like a fair chance offers of effecting a capture. Last Sun day week, Mr. Bluett, the poundkeeper, reported the loss of a mare from the pound, which he had reason to believe had been stolen. The police were quickly on the trail, and on Monday last sergeant Carroll captured the supposed thief, a young man named M'Grath, at Bullenbong, with the mare in his possession. When returning to Wagga with their prisoner, the police put up for the night at Morrow's Hotel, leaving their horses with the stolen mare in the stable. In the morning the horses were gone, and though the police horses were shortly afterwards re covered, nothing could be seen of the mare. ihe prisoner was brought on to Wagga, and a trooper sent back to look for the mare, which, after some search, he succeeded in finding. The prisoner will, we understand, be brought up at the police-court on Tuesday next. A Constable Fined.— Many Dubbo people (says the Dispatch) will remember that fine stalwart specimen of a constable, named Gaskon, who, at the late quarter sessions, was so re marked in Court, partly on account of the im posing manner in which, at the proper intervals, he commanded " order in the court," and partly from the display of medals — insignia of bravery won on many a hard-fought field — he wore on his breast. Well, Gaskon, notwithstanding the medals and the fine voice he possessed, has come to grief — that is, as far as the police force is concerned. He left here late last month to attend the Orange quarter sessions; and when he had given evidence in the case in which he was concerned, he refused to return to Dubbo — "absolutely and positively refused," said the awe-struck Sergeant Rush, who evidently was not at all prepared for, and therefore did not dream of, such contumacy in a " full private." Gaskon sent in his resignation, and then snapped his fingers at sergeant and super; but he didn't escape for all that, for he was brought up at the Orange police-court and fined £2 and costs for " wilfully disobeying the lawful commands of his superior officers." We can't understand what particular aversion Gaskon had to Dubbo : possibly we were not advanced enough in crime to give his activity airing. The fact remains — he resigned his " commission" (vulgo baton), and made himself liable to a heavy fine rather than revisit " those scenes so charming." Mining Accident. — A terrible mining acci dent occurred in a block claim off Nos. 18 and 19 North Black Lead, east side, on Thursday evening (20th instant). It appears that two men named Thompson and Brown were working in the shaft; they had prepared two shots, one of which missed fire. Thompson was drilling out the mis-shot, when it exploded, inflicting fear ful injuries. His right leg is literally smashed, ana must oe amputatea. nis ngnt arm is broken in three places, and there is a long deep gash right across his face. Little hope is entertained of his recovery. The number of fatal accidents that have occurred through this insane practice of drilling out mis-shots amounts to hundreds. It is useless pointing out to men the danger of it; they know it, and yet through sheer reckless ness hold their lives in their hands. In England and the State of Pennsylvania, in America, this is an offence punishable with imprisonment without the option of a fine, and, until that is the law in the colonies, these accidents will occur. Any man in a claim who would drill out a mis-shot should be discharged instanter. This is a public question, as the wives and fami lies of the victims of this stupid practice in a majority of cases become burdens on the State. Gulgong Guardian. Another Fatal Accident. — The Hill End Observer reports a fatal accident to a miner, named William Henderson, aged 37, a native of Ireland, who met his death in the shaft of the Caledonian Company, Red Hill, Golden Gully, under the following circumstances: He had laid the fuse for a blast, and placed a lighted candle close to the end of it, and was then hauled up the shaft, so that he might take refuge from the blast in a drive made for the purpose, some fifty feet from the bottom. When he had very nearly reached the drive, by some means he loosed his hold of the rope, fell to the bottom, and extinguished the candle, but for which he VVUU.J.LI UdYC UJ.UYVJJ. a, IUII1S. As lb was, Ills right leg was broken in two places, and the bone of the shin was positively driven through his right heel. He was alive when taken out of the shaft, but died an hour or two after from the effects of the frightful injuries he had received. At the inquest held before the coroner, Mr. J. W. Lees, P.M., the jury brought in the following verdict: the deceased came by his death from in juries accidentally received by falling down the shaft of the Caledonian claim, Red Hill, Goldeu Gully, on Wednesday, 19th inst. The jury are of opinion that the deceased did not use sufficient precaution." A Horse in a Jeweller's Shop. — About 10 o'clock, on the morning of the 21st (says the Gulgong Guardian ), the driver of the delivery cart belonging to Mr. Young, of Queen Street, was delivering his goods, and had to call and make a delivery at Sun Tong Lee and Co.'s, and had backed the cart to the side door. In a few minutes afterwards, the horse, from some cause, darted off across the road. The young man sprang to its head, and held on powerfully, but being unable to hold the animal, it dashed furiously head and shoulders into the shop win- 1w 1 a 1 rtlrt-n n v. j -1 1 « — Iiiwwi/, vva-iAjniniWAUJ. (tiiu jewtUitJI, smashing the front completely in, also a large show-case of quarter- inch plate-glass, and full of valuable jewellery. When we visited the place, it was in a very damaged state, and the loss cannot as yet be estimated. By eye-witnesses it is stated the greatest efforts were used by the driver to prevent the occurrence, even at the risk of his own life. From the appearance of the flow of blood on the ground, the horse must have been seriously cut by the thick broken glass. Mrs. Albert was at the time standing in the shop close to the window, and was struck on the wrist by the shaft of the cart, and on the face with the horse's head, cutting her lip. J udicial Reprimand. — During the holding of the Goulburn quarter sessions to-day (Tues day), there were several irregularities in the mode of swearing the jurymen, and the manner of charging the accused parties of the offences alleged against them. His Honor Judge McFarland, who was presiding on the occasion, at length seemed to lose all patience in con nection with the rectification of mistakes, and said, that it was a pity the duties of clerk- of the sessions were not conducted in a better manner; and at a subsequent period of the day, when an application for the postponement of a trial was made by reason of the inability to obtain subpoenas for the attendance of witnesses in consequence of the absence from Goulburn during the previous week of Cantain Rossi. known to fame in connection with the military salute, who acts in the capacity of clerk of ses sions, besides attending to the command of his little army, the judge's wrath waxed warm, and he characterized the conduct of the military commander in his legal capacity as very in considerate, and expressed his opinion that the office of clerk of the peace ought to be re-estab lished to save losses to the public of many thou sands of pounds. — Southern Argus. Sugar-making. — It is with extreme gratifi cation (says the Shoalhaven News of Saturday last) we have to announce that at last the operatiofls carried on in sugar-making by Messrs. Warren and Monaghan have proved highly successful. The drying process has been satisfactorily carried out, and there is now a splendid sample of Shoalhaven sugar to be seen at our office. It is of a light color, and is, in our opinion, equal in every respect to the imported article, thus proving beyond the shadow of a doubt that this valuable commodity can be suc cessfully manufactured in the district. Not withstanding the opinions lately enunciated by Mr. Scott (who is considered a hieh authnritv mi the above subject), that the attempt of the Rev. Mr, Holland to manufacture sugar from the planter's friend would prove a fruitless under taking, we are now gladly compelled to acknow ledge the truth of the old adage, that " the proof of the pudding is in the eatiug of it," and we fancy that Mr. Holland's large experience and the philanthropic earnestness and confidence with which he enters into the undertaking, and, above all, the present result, is convincing proof that he has not entered on the "wild-goose" expedition that Mr. Scott would have us be lieve. 