COUNTRY NOTES. For want of police- in Cargo, the perpetrators of some late robberies there have been per mitted to escape. The appearance of a clergyman (says the Manning River News), day after day, in the train of a candidate, has given rise to many remarks of anything but a pleasant character. We are told that the clergyman in question has not only attended several of Mr. Smith's meetings, but actually taken part in some of them. Of course this is matter of taste so far as he is personally concerned, but upon the minds of those who think that clerical influence ought not to be im ported into elections, this occurrence has pro duced a very painful impression ; and there can be no doubt that just as any minister of religion becomes conspicuous as a politician, in that same degree is his influence lessened in his own proper sphere of action. Most probably this matter will be referred to again when the ex citement of the election has more fully subsided. Fine Fruit. — We have before us some of the finest specimens of Pomona's choicest gifts to the growth of which the district is peculiarly favorable. The specimen to which we allude is a mammoth apple from the orchard of Mr. John Hicks, Roseteague, which measures in circum ference 14 inches, and weighs 2.) pounds. Of its quality we may be enabled to speak at as- future time. We have also received some extra ordinary specimens of melons from the well- known garden at Kangarooby, which shall re ceive due attention in our next ; and a choice sample of apple from Mr. J. Windred. — Western Examiner. Accident. — On Saturday afternoon, Mi. Thomas Grubb, of Murray's Flats, while riding as- short distance from home, the horse he was riding stumbled, and is supposed to have rolled over him, inflicting injuries of so dangerous a lature, paralyzing the lower part of his body md his arms, as to leave Mr. Grubb's recovery rery doubtful. — Southern Argus. Accident. — One of those accidents, which generally occur through degligencc, happened on Tuesday, the 27th Feb., to a man named Charles King. It appears that he was out opossum shooting, and during the night he bivouacked with others round a bush-fire, and, as we are given to understand, in leaning for ward to light his pipe, his powder-flask fell into the fire, causing an instantaneous explosion, mutilating his face and singeing his hair. He was immediately attended to by his companions and taken home, when medical aid was procured. We are happy to say that he is progressing as circumstances will permit. — Cumberland Times. Sudden Death.— "The world was shut out" in an awfully sudden manner from Mr. Dela- rnere, the Custom-House Officer at Howlong, on Thursday, the 20th ult. The deceased was riling with a friend along the Howlong road, and was suddenly seen to fall from his horse, and shortly afterwards died. Until a few moments before his death, Mr. Delamerc was apparently in robust health, vigorous in body and with a ruddy countenance; bub it is conjectured , that disease of the heart was the cause of his sudden death. He was appointed to take charge of the Howlong Customs station when the Border Duties were put on, and since then he had gained the goodwill of the public for the courteous manner in which his unpopular duties were performed. An inquest was held yester day, but the verdict has not yet reached us. The deceased has left a wife and child. — Albury JBanner. A Snake Yarn. — The Monaro Mercury states that Mr. Joseph Ward, of Mittagong, had an encounter with a snake. Engaged in Mr. Harris's paddock, he required a hammer, and went into the house for it, where he nearly stepped on a snake, which was gathering the crumbs that had fallen from Mr. Ward's break- last table. He harpooned the snake with the pitchfork, and landed the serpent outside. . The snake was six feet in length, and eighteen inches in circumference. Having opened the serpent, Mr. Ward counted thirty young snakes in it, and Obtained a full pint of snake fat. In the centre of the brood serpentine was a frog. Mr. Joseph Vfard tells us that this snake was an in- s habitant of his homestead for years, but he could never get at it till Tuesday last, as it always v: beat a retreat to the fireplace, in the vicinity of which it was supposed to have settled down. Fatal Result from Burning. — On Wednes day morning, the 28th ult., Mary Cuff, a girl in the employ of Mrs. W. Hellyer, of Harris Street, Parramatta, was lighting the lire as usual; and, to cause it to burn quickly, she threw some kero sene oil on it, when it immediately conveyed the flame into the can she had in her hand, \- causing it to explode with a terrific noise, wak- ing Mrs. Hellyer up from her sleep, who, hearing the screaming, thought that her son, who had ueen our snooting, Had returned home, and that bis gun had exploded, so loud was the report; but, on coming down stairs, a sight more ghastly ' met her view— her servant all in flames, scream ing and running wildly in the yard. After help was brought and the. fire all extinguished, not a vestige of her clothes, except the busk part of her stays and boots, was to be seen. She was sensible at the time, although a living mass of charred flesh. It appears, from what we have beard, that it was an old custom of the deceased to use kerosene oil for the same purpose, and often she was cautioned upon the impropriety of doing so. We would not forget to mention that, on arriving at the hospital, every possible atten tion was given by Mr. and Mrs. Girling to alle viate the sufferings of the unfortunate girl. — Cumberland Times. Fire at Wagga Wagga. — We learn from the Advertiser that on Tuesday, the 27th ult., the store of Mr, Poilock, of Grong Grong, was totally destroyed by fire. Mr. and Mrs. Pollock were, both from home at the time, the premises being left in charge of a well-known old Wagga resident, Charles Burden, who gives the follow ing account of the accident: He had lit the lamps for the night, and was standing a short distance from the store, when he heard a loud report from within, and, turning round, saw that the interior of the store was in flames. The building being entirely of pine and filled with Inflammable goods, the fire spread with such in credible rapidity that it was impossible to save .anything. Mr. Pollock estimates his loss at be tween £500 and £600, and is insured in the Lon don and Liverpool for £430. The cause of the accident is supposed to have been the bursting S>i a kerosene lamp. Bourke. — The correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch announces that Gibbs and party were about to start, on the 21st ult. for the new Hound copper field. It is about seven miles north of Cobar, and, if we may believe report, richer than the latter. The tenders for the Tanks were given to Mr. J. Colliss and men ; . They start to-day for a commencement. Should a road be cut through to the Lachlan via the Priory, Melbourne could be reached in five -days. In another communication of the 26th T ebruary, the same coi-respondent says : " A few weeks ago I mentioned the fact that Police- Con stable Percival shot a black prisoner, whom he was bringing into Bourke. As your readers are aware, a jury brought in a verdict of justifiable homicide. On Thursday last, Percival was ar raigned on the Attorney-General's warrant, and after a hearing, which lasted upwards of two hours, he was committed to Bathurst on a charge of murder. I am sorry to have to report & rather severe spill . which befel Jim Neville, Mr. Davis's trainer, on Thursday, while trying -aa unknown horse at a three-rail fence. The horse half baulked, half jumped, and, striking the fence heavily, threw poor Jim a buster, breaking his collar-bone. He is progressing favorably, and we all trust the mishap will not prevent his mount on Cossack in the Bourke Steeplechase. Suicide at Wellington. — A Chinaman yarned Ah Hoon committed suicide on the 18th February, by jumping into the river. A magis terial inquiry was held by H. Cohen, Esq., J.P. From the evidence elicited, it appeared the de- i ceased had been suffering intensely from a .severe illness, and was continually spitting I blood, and on several occasions expressed a wish . to be dead. For the first eleven weeks he had been staying at Ah Man's, the Chinese garden, who did all he could towards alleviating his sufferings. On last Tuesday, deceased said, " Let me go to the river, and I will drown myself. If you do not let me go, I will cut my throat." On Sunday, the 18th ult., All Man and a Chinaman named Ah Chop went after dinner to work, leaving the deceased in the hut. They returned to the hut about sundown, but could find no trace of the deceased. Shortly afterwards a boy named Flannery informed them that deceased had jumped into the river. They immediately went to the river, and found an opossum cloak, a pair of boots, and a hat, which were identified as the property of the deceased. A woman named Margaret Flannery heard a loud splash and scream in the river, about 100 yards distant from her house, and, looking in the direction, she saw an object floating in the water, which she recognized as the head of a human being. It suuk twice and came up, and then disappeared altogether. She immediately seat her son over to the Chinese gardener, Ah Man, to tell him she thought the sick Chinaman had jumped into the river and drowned himself. A case oifelo do so was returned. — Dubbo Dispatch. iVIerri Merri.— The country generally (says the correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch ) is looking more than well (splendidly, that's the word). For several months anxiety was de picted in the countenances of the stockowners, "fnr f.T"ir>rr> woe ovr-Awr i n rK /-»«-> 4- ? /-.i-, M V/TV.1J UI «, UlUUUL there is no joking in a protracted drought up here). Now they have recovered their wonted serenity, for Providence in all His bountiful goodness has favored us with thunderstorms throughout the district, which are making the grass on the burnt ground (and this comprises the whole country) to spring up luxuriantly. It reminds one of the Curragh of Kildare to look out on a plain when the day is dawning; but, half an hour after sunrise, there is no mistaking that you are in the interior of Australia, for the heat is intense— from 90 to 113 in the shade. There have been several lamentably sudden deaths on this creek — something unusual, for it is considered, and I believe merits the name of being, a healthy place. An old man (a shep herd), travelling with Aaron's sheep, died in the camp ; he was buried without much ceremony, and there was an end of his mortal remains. Another man, known as " Comiimbia Joe," was shearing lambs for Mr. Veech, on the lower Marthaguv, when he was attacked with dizziness in the head, and, I believe, died the same day. I think the Government should in sist upon magisterial inquiries or coroner's in quests, where practicable, being held in all cases of sudden deaths. We learn the following narbienln.rs fmm fho Manning River News of the 2nd inst. : On Mom day last the Booral River was flooded ; and ir consequence or this we had no overland mat .from Sydney on Thursday. The mail from Mai t- land was also kept back, so that Tuesday's Mer cury has not yet arrived. As the greater por- rion of the mail came by steamer this week— rather an unusual occurrence of late — no seriou.c inconvenience has been occasioned by the flood alluded to. There was not a single case foe trial at Wingham on Tuesday last. We sent a reporter, but his office on this occasion was a sinecure. A correspondent says : " On Monday last, a person, residing not twenty miles from the Old Bar, brutally chopped the tail off a working bullock within a few inches of the butt, because the poor beast did not work exactly to suit him; ' and he proceeds to comment upon the in humanity of this proceeding. We are not sup plied with any further particulars. Braidwood. — The correspondent of the Shoal- haven News writes : Very little mining doing here now, a great many leaving Araluen and Major's Creek for Tambaroora and Trunkey. I think the Valley is nearly done. Mine host, John Kingsland, has cleared out of it> and is living here in Braidwood ; W. H. Johnson has taken Kingsland's house and closed his own Very little doing at Major's Creek. Dargue's claim is the only one that is doing anything and they have some machinery for getting the mundic from the gold. At Little River, things are very quiet. They formed a company there some time ago, and laid out about £500 in driving, but to no purpose. It has been stopped for some time; but it is working again, and the company intend sinking deeper. Things in general are very quiet here. King's Plains Gold Field.— Pursuant to ad vertisement (says the Carcoar Chronicle), these diggings were re-opened on Monday, the 26th ult., and a large number of licenses were issued Work was immediately commenced, but suffi cient time has not elapsed to prove the ground. Of course, all sorts of rumors are current, and opinions as to the richness or poverty of this gold-field differ as widely as they do on all otheis. Ihe tiuth will, doubtless, be between the two, and next week, when actual results are known, we shall be able to speak with greater confidence. Meantime diggers more than suffi- cint to test the ground are on the spot, and from fifty to sixty shafts are going down, the ma jority shepherding till these have bottomed. Blayney.— For some days past there has been considerable interest centred in the new ground which Mr. McPhillamy intended to throw open to the public for the purpose of mining The locality is on the north side of the Bathurst and Carcoar road about four miles from Blaynev. Last Monday it was opened to a considerable number of diggers, who had arrived from all quarters and about two hundred and seventy permits were granted. There are now about three or four hundred people on the ground, who are doing their best to give it a fair test. To-day (Feb. 28) rumors were afloat that several holes had been bottomed, but the precious alluring metal was not there; but this e/ening some pai ties have been a little more fortunate, having found the shining treasure in very small quan tities; this is in the shallow sinking The deeper sinking, which is expected to be from 100 to 120 feet, may be remunerative.— Western Examiner, 