COUNTRY NOTES. On Tuesday afternoon, a severe thunderstorm passed over Parramatta. The wind was so violent, that trees were uprooted, and the roofs of houses carried bodily away. The roofs of a cottage and outhouses on the Windsor Road, be longing to Mr. Thomas Atkins, were taken clean across the road by the wind, and lodged in Mr. Braddick's orchard. A portion of the new Con gregational Church, now being built m Church Street, was blown down. Ffrench and Son s tweed' factory, Windsor Road, was struck by lightning ; the' upper floor, with the looms and other machinery, gave way, and fell below with a tremendous crash. A large number of other buildings were more or less damaged. Pro videntially, no lives were lost. Bush-Fires on the Bog an.— The Dubbo Dispatch states that a fearful fire is raging on the Bogan. Mia. Kerr's Waterloo Station, as far as crass is concerned, is entirely destroyed. Mr. Gilmore is compelled to remove his stock for the same reason. When our informant left the Bogan, the fire had just reached M'Phillamy's. Lost in the Bush. — The Sutton Forest cor respondent writing to the Goulburn Herald , says : — The man who lost his way in proceeding to his friends near Burrawang, has not yet been heard of, and by many it is supposed that he has fallen into one of the gullies between the station and the place of his destination. This is the more extraordinary when it is remembered that the house of his friends was pointed out, and he had only to proceed in the direction indicated. I am informed that several hundred people have been out for weeks looking for him. The Paper- Fibre and Paper Company. — The Maitland Mercury says : — Work is actively proceeding at the mill, which is the centre of this company's operations, and the machine for making brown paper will very soon be com pleted. We were shown during the week a specimen of hand-made brown paper, of which pnrnstalk seemed to be the chief component ; it was very stout, yet extremely pliable, and so tough, that considerable force would have to be used to tear it. For wrapping ironmongery goods, and such heavy wares, it would be far more durable and useful than any of the common brown papers now employed. A considerable trade is done at the mill in the purchase of rags, and some idea of the extent of it may be gathered from the fact that, during the past month, £40 has been expended in the purchase of rags. A demand having been discovered, the supply seems to be at once available, and the value of the material purchased shows what waste must have existed in households owing to the absence of this demand. Brown paper will be made at the mill within a very few days. Fatal Accident. — We record with sincere regret the death by drowning of Mr. Peter Tribe, hotelkecper and road contractor of Piercefield. We have meagre particulars of the melancholy occurrence, which took place at Quepoly Creek on Sunday last. Mr. Tribe was Tnirio' home to spend his Christmas, and when near the creek, took a different road to that travelled by a man and a boy who were in com- , pany. Finding he did not come on, they went back and came across the horse with the saddle wet, and, on going to the creek, they found the hat of the unfortunate man beside a stirrup leather. The probability is that the horse stumbled, and. in falling, Mr. Tribe received some injury that stunned him and prevented him from scrambling out. The accident hap pened at 9 o'clock at night, and the body was discovered next day. Mrs. Tribe, although .almost distracted on hearing the news, started off and met the body on its way down. The funeral took place at Murrurundi on Tues day. Mr. Tribe leaves a wife and six children to mourn his loss. As a husband and a father he was loved, and the respect in which he was held by an unusually large circle of friends was universal. — Upper Hunter Courier. The Shelley's Flats Reefs.— Shortly after the Cold Commissioner, Captain Browmigg, sent in his report on the auriferous nature of the land lately purchased near Mr. Hertzog's farm by J. F. IT Mitchell, the Government issued a notifica- tion that the sale of the land to that gentleman had been cancelled. The ' area ' in dispute is, therefore, open to intending gold miners. — Albury Banner. Ten Mile Creek. — Harvest operations (writes the correspondent of the Albury Banner ) are being vigorously proceeded with in all direc tions, as the weather lately has been favorable to their prosecution. The hum of the stripping machine can now be daily heard in many places, as there are a large number of them in the neighborhood. From the great demand which has arisen since the wheat crops have ripened, it is evident that there are not too many of them \- yet. The rain and stormy weather which pre vailed a few weeks ago did very great damage to the wheat crops by tossing them about and laying many of them so flat to the ground that it is almost impossible to gather them with any description of machine whatever. The conse quence is that very great loss is entailed, much of the wheat being left upon the ground. The general average will, nevertheless, be very good, as the crops are unusually heavy, owing to the past favorable season; but it is impossible yet to form an estimate of the probable yield with a sufficient degree of correctness. One or two farmers who are taking off their crop by the sickle are now experiencing great difficulty in obtaining sufficient reapers, probably owing to the fact that, machines being generally employed in this district, very few reapers, pass along in quest of employment. The hopes of the farmers of the Manning are again somewhat revived. If the drought had continued two or three weeks longer, scarcely a bushel of corn would have been gathered in the .entire district. Most of the early maize having been dwarfed was coming into tassel, although it was scarcely a foot high, and that which was planted later wore a very unhealthy appearance. a great deal of land yet remains implanted, or .having been planted, requires to be' supplied with fresh seed. The rain which has fallen dur ing the last few days has therefore been very ac ceptable, and, as there is a probability of still more next week, agriculturists may now take courage and go on planting with renewed energy. — Manning River News. A New Mining Co. — The prospectus of the Gulgong Quartz Mining Co., capital £18,000, is published. The ground occupied is seventeen and a half acres, all under lease. The quartz reefs and veins in the ground have been tho roughly tested, the particulars of the crushings being annexed to the prospectus. We. can our selves vouch for the correctness of several of the crushings ; and from close inquiries, we consider this a legitimate speculation, one that with good management must yield a good dividend. We shall at all times watch closely the formation of mining companies on this gold-field, in order, if possible, to guide the public in investing. Any thing savoring of the " mushroom" we shall ex pose, as in the present state of the public feeling in regard to investing in mining ventures, a last- V i 1. . U >> mg injury mignr oe iiiuiuteu u any speu. ia floated that does not offer reasonable inducement of a return for the capital expended. There is a good show for legitimate speculation on this gold-field. — Gulgong Guardian, t carcoar. — A correspondent of the Herald writes : — A store and inn and about £500 worth of stock were destroyed by fire through the up setting of a kerosene lamp at the Frenchman's Reef, on Wednesday night. Bush-fires are raging in all directions, and several farmers have nearly had the whole of their property destroyed. Harvesting is progressing at a rapid rate ; the crop in general is very heavy and in splendid condition, being free from rust and all kinds of disease. The weather for several weeks has been oppressively hot, thunder and lightning have been frequent and heavy, accompanied with rain, hail, and wind, which have destroyed a portion of the wheat in some places. A Squatter charged with Cattle-steal ing. — A most extraordinary case of cattle- stealing (says the Tenterfield Star of 28th ult.) has just come to light near Bendemeer. Mrs. Stitt is the proprietress of a large station — Rim- banda station — twelve miles from Bendemeer, with thousands of cattle. Her son, John Stitt, has been managing matters for her, and is charged with taking the neighboring squatters' cattle. This was suspected for a long time, and a few days ago a quantity of wool was being sent down to Sydney by Stitt, and was inter cepted on the road and searched by virtue of a search-warrant. Among it were found eighteen hides, fourteen of which were recognized as be longing to cattle the property of Messrs. Morse and Tourle, Cooper and Blaxland, and other squatters in the neighborhood. A warrant for Stitt's apprehension has been taken out, and the police (according to the latest information) were looking for their man. Burglary at Bathurst. — On Boxing night, some person or persons burglariously entered the dwelling- house of Mr. A. M'Donald, black smith, of Howick-street, Bathurst, and succeeded in getting away undiscovered, carrying with them a number or articles, among which were three pairs of boots (some of them nearly new), a writing-desk containing a choice album full of portraits, a table-cloth, See., See. The robbers' larder must have been somwhat scantily sup plied, and they were apparently desirous of re plenishing it, for, in addition to the articles above referred to, a loaf of bread and part of a ham were also taken away. We understand that Mr. M'Donald did not retire to rest until about 1 o'clock, at which hour he examined the premises and found all safe. The robbers must have made a thorough examination of the house; for in almost every apartment they left behind them traces of their visit, and a workbox, which was in one of the rooms on Tuesday night, was found on the landing of the stairs on Wednes- . day morning. The whole business was conducted so quietly that none of the family were dis turbed, and had no idea that they had been en tertaining visitors during the night, until they got up in the morning when the robbery was discovered. The police were communicated with, but up to the present time no clue has been dis covered of the rascals. — Free Press. An Impudent Case of Cattle-stealing. — The Armidale Telegraph relates that Mr. Kin- sella, the bailiff, had levied upon and advertised for sale ten working bullocks, the result of a judgment given in the case of Moor6 v. Lock- hart, and for security's sake had lodged the animals in a paddock in Moore Park until the sale on the followiug day. The animals were seen as late as 9 p.m. on the. night of Wednes day, by two of Moore's men, quite safe, the gate being locked at the time, but on the following morning they discovered the gate had been wrenched from off its hinges, and the animals driven away. Sad Occurrence. — The Wellington corres pondent of the Dubbo Dispatch says — Mr. Keightlyheld an inquiry on the 27th ult. into the cause of the death of Miss Mary O'Shea, aged 19\. It appeared she was riding, about 4 p.m., on the 26th, in company with Miss Rushby. and Miss Mullampy, who were also on horseback, the reverse way on the racecourse. They were can tering. They suddenly saw two boys, at a short distance, approacmng tnem on norses going at racing speed. Miss O'Shea was unable to get her horse out of the racing track, and one boy was not able to pull up or to guide his horse — acoit. The horses struck with great force; Miss O' Shea's falling and rolling over her; the boy's horse falling over both Miss O'Shea and her horse, and throwing him a long way off. He escaped with, a shaking. Miss O'Shea, after being taken home, never rallied, but gradually sank, and died at 8 a.m. on the 27th. The finding was — Died from injuries accidentally received, A Singular Charge.— Robbing a Bee hive.— At the Tenterfield Police Court, on, the, 27th ultimo, ' as reported in the Wter, James Cowell, a boy of 12 years of age, was cdiarged with robbing a beehive, the property of Mr. Walsh, of. the Public School, High Street. . Ser geant Goldrick, stated that he had received in formation concerning the robbery ol Mr.' Walsh's beehive, on Friday last, and at about 10 o'clock the same night apprehended the boy before the Court. He found him sleeping in a box at the back of Mr. Heydon's store, and charged him with the robbery. Since then the lad had confessed to being one of the parties, but had told so many tales, that he did not know which to believe. He had endeavored to get evidence, but failed to do so, and he there fore wished to withdraw the charge. His Worship severely reprimanded defendant, and threatened if he came before him again, he would be sent to the Vernon, or have three months in gaol. He hoped this would be a lesson to him, and that instead of sleeping about in boxes or in the bush, as appeared was his custom, he would in future remain at home and behave himself. The lad was then discharged. In connection with the above the Star states, " Our attention has been called to the fact that for some time past two children (boys), aged respectively seven and ten years, have been roving about the towq subsisting as best they onn TT-rV»ilr» of -nirfvi-f +tl DTT criO'lv "tvyitnrl tTk tllO backs of one or other of the various stores, and make empty cases their bed. On Thursday night Mr. H. Heydon had occasion to go to one of the cases just unpacked, standing at the back of his brother's store, and having straw in it, when to his surprise in putting his hand in he caught hold of a child's leg. No sooner had he done so than an infant voice from the inside of the case appealingly said, ' Let's sleep here to-night, sir, and we'll camp at the Maryland store to-morrow night.' This is certainly a pretty state of affairs to exist in our midst, for mere infants to be allowed to rove about the streets sleeping wherc- ever they can get a place to lie down in. This, too, with their mothers alive, and living in the town." : The Land Bill. — A public meeting was held at Queanbeyan on Saturday, 23rd ultimo, to con sider the new Land Bill, at which the following resolutions were carried : — " 1. That this meeting regards the provisions of the Land Bill now under Parliamentary consideration as an aixempieu mirrngement, upon me nguts aim pn- vileges of the people. 2. That this meeting views with indignation the provisions of the new Land Bill which aim at the abolition of the sys tem of pre-emptive lease, and holds that the man of limited means should be entitled to pur chase the land held under prelease at same reduced rate and under like conditions for im provements as the extensive conditional pur chaser or Crown lessee. 3. This meeting enters its protest against the Land Bill now under con sideration, believing it to be partial in its ten dencies, and hostile to the interests of men of limited means, and therefore prejudicial to the prosperity of the country. 4. That this meeting is impressed with a belief that the proposed Land Bill is calculated to destroy the principle of free selection, encourage monopoly, harass and injure conditional pnrchasers generally, and seriously damage the revenue of the country." The movers and seconders of the above resolu- lutions condemned the bill in toto. . Coach Accident. — A serious accident, by wnicn several persons were more or less injureu, but happily none killed, occurred to the Urana coach on Monday morning last. The coach, with a pair of horses, left Urana at the usual hour (a Wagga Wagga journal reports) tolerably well laden with passengers, amongst whom were Mr. G. A. Elliott, of Wagga Wagga; Mr. Todd, the purchaser of North Junee Station; and a Mrs. Maclin, with three young children, one being a baby in arms. All went well till they came near Mr. Morrow's public-house, Cockindina, when the horses having bolted, and Mr. Elliott, seeing the coachman unable to pull them up, seized the reins in order to help him. He had no sooner done so than one of the reins broke, and the horses, taking fright, increased their speed to an alarming degree. In a few seconds they were brought to by the upsetting of the vehicle; the coachman, Mr. Elliott, and Mr. Todd having already been simultaneously thrown out the in stant the rein broke. Mrs. Maclin considering it prudent to remain within the coach with her three children, made no attempt to escape. For tune, however, did not favor her, for when the coach was upset she was thrown violently for- ward, ana ner race coming m contact witn some hard substance, her mouth was severely cut, and two of her lower front teeth were knocked out. At the same time one of her children, a little girl about five years old, received a frightful gash on the top of the head, the scalp being laid open nearly from ear to ear, and the wound moreover curving three or four inches in the direction of the forehead. The other children escaped unhurt, and the gentlemen and driver with only a few bruises. As soon as they arrived in Wagga Wagga, Dr. Robinson attended the sufferers, and they are now progressing favora bly. Strange to say the little girl complains of little or no pain, though her mother suffers con siderably. The accident is a peculiarly sad one from the fact that Mrs. Maclin was travelling, in obedience to a telegraphic summons, to attend the funeral of her father, Mr. Thurtle, who died on Saturday last from the effect of a sunstroke. Sunstroke. — The intense heat of last week, observes the Wagga Wagga Advertiser, has had some fatal results, two. deaths from sunstroke T. .N M M V-. A/\«1 « V. -v M Z .mL L -.1. /V . I I ll- Il«iV UvLGIlCU ill LHg ilul ii QUI 11 vvlli 111L 111 O b victim was a man named Matthews, well-known for his plucky conduct as a boatman in rescuing people during the last flood. He was mowing in a paddock at Wantabadgery, when he was suddenly struck down with a violent pain in the \- head. He almost immediately became insensi ble, and died in about half an hour. The second Mas an old man named Thurtle, once a black smith in the town.. He was in Wagga on Satur day afternoon, and left about 5 o'clock for his home on the Albury Road. On the way he re ceived the fatal coup de sole! I, and died short 'y after reaching his. home. Two- more cases are . said to have occurred, but the report has not j et been authenticated. Albury. Wheat Market.— For the past three weeks farmers .and strippers have been at work night and day harvesting, the abundant crops 'which Providence has given them. Christ- mas has been and gone, but without giving the slightest impetus to business, no doubt owing to the inability of farmers to find time to leave their crops to come into market. There is no thing fresh to report in the price of grain. Whatever wheat has been sold has found pur chasers at 3s. 6d., which is the price ruling in Albury at the present, though the millers will- not quote until the New Year, by which time the boats in all probability will have ceased to run ; and with no outlet,- the price would of ne cessity have to fall, but not more than sixpence per bushel, for there are buyers in the market for shipment to England As a rule, we object to put ourselves out of the way to puff up any one firm to the injury of another, but on this occasion we shall mention4 the firm of Messrs. Heath and Blackwell, as deserving the thanks of the farmers of this district for their energy in completing arrangements for the purchase of wheat to a large extent, which must of necessity relieve the district and benefit the farmers. We believe this firm has to the present time pur chased un wards of 100 tons of wheat at 3s. 6d., and shipped same to Melbourne, and are pre pared to continue buying. Any farmers who have wheat ready to cart, we would advise them to bring it in not later than Tuesday, in order to be in time, for the Jane Eliza or Gumbcroona boats, which are expected here on that day. Wo press on the farmers who are content to sell at 3s. 6d., not to lose a minute in starting their teams to Albury. The river is low, and if it continues to fall they will have to cart to Bun- gowannah or Howlong About oats we have not much to say. We believe there was not much land tilled for this cereal, but those who did crop have reaped a good harvest. The price for really good clean oats is 3s. to 3s. 3d. — Albury Banner. A Just Rebuke.— During the performance of the finale to the " Messiah," at the Melbourne Town Hall, on Christmas night, a rush was made ' to the doors by a portion of the audience. Mr. Lee, the conductor, stopped it abruptly in the middle. The stoppage looked as if it had been rehearsed, for, at a signal from Mr. Lee, all was as still as death. Of course (observes the Leader ) the people who were scrambling out looked un utterably foolish, and most of them settled down . promptly somewhere or other. The piece was then resumed, and went to its conclusion with no further disturbance. A Negro woman of highly respectable charac ter has been arrested at Jacmel, Hayti, upon a charge of cannibalism. The accusation alleges that she has killed and eaten twenty-six children, whom she had inveigled into her premises for that purpose. — American Paper. The Invention of Lucifer Matches.— It now turns out that the production of this most useful, but at the same time most dangerous firework, was due to a happy thought which flashed through the brain of Mr. Isaac Holden, who so terms the idea in his evidence before the Patent Committee. Mr. Holden had to rise at four in the morning to pursue his studies in chemistry, and experienced the gravest inconvenience from his tedious efforts to obtain a light from flint and steel. He was giving lectures at this time to a large academy. He goes on to say " Of course I knew, as other chemists did, the explosive ma terial that was necessary in order to produce, instantaneous light ; but it was very difficult to obtain a light on wood by that explosive material, and the idea occurred to me to put under the ex plosive mixture sulphur. I did that, and pub lished it in my next lecture, and showed it There was a young man in the room whose father was a chemist in London, and he imme diately wrote to his father about it, and shortly afterwards lucifer matches -were issued to the world." Martial Music on a Kerosene Tin!— The Fiji Times of December 9th says : — On the occa sion of the king's visit to the Parliament House on Wednesday last, he was escorted by a small . number of his own body-guard and a guard of honor composed of about forty of Maafu's men under the command of his Excellency's son. These latter marched to beat of drum in a very soldier-like manner, keeping good step and time, and in white shirts and fringed sulus looked well. On arriving at Parliament House the king s sol diers accompanied him to the building, but Maafu's men piled arms secundum artem, and remained in the roadway. On H.B M. Consul passing they jumped to their arms, and, drawn ' up in two lines, presented arms as he passed, the consul courteously responding. After the cereri mony they again returned in the same order.. They marched exceedingly well, but — tell it not in Gath— their drum was an empty kerosene tin, undisguised. A Jump. — 'The leaping powers of kangaroos are tolerably well known; but how far and how high they can thus propel themselves is a ques tion which has been debated. As a fact tending towards the solution of this interesting problem, we may mention that lately four kangaroos were run with a mob of wild horses into a trapping- yard on the station of Mr. William Dacey, on the Levels.. One of them, finding himself thus im prisoned, cleared the rails of the yard with a flying bound, and the others attempted to 'follow its example, but touched the top bar and fell DaCK. V/Ul Illiuiiiictub, VVMV TV mio iotii, afterwards measured the rail of the trapping- yard, which he found to be seven feet six inches in height, and he says the kangaroo cleared the rail by at least three inches.' Such a successful display of agility certainly entitled the vaulting marsupial to its freedom.— Gundagai Times. Many years back, a former editor of an al manac lived at a village in Leicestershire, and there is a tradition that on one occasion he got his Son to fill in the weather predictions, being . himself unwell at the time. " What shall I put down ?" said the son. " Whatever you please," said the father. " Then," said the son, " I shan't put down any thunder, because grandmother dees not like It." ... . The German Government intends to construct a railvVay between Metz and Strasburg: Besides strategetieal value, this line will establish direct communication between Ostend and Brindisi. 