WAGGA WAGGA POLICE COURT. TrESDAV, March 12. . .; (Before the Police Magistrate.) DOKALD Bcchaxax.-Adjocrn'ED CASE. THIS was a charge of setting fire to the bush ou the Deepwater run, adjourned from last ?week For the defence, George Williams deposed : I am "a hors-e breaker aud bushman, and have been lately working for Mr, Lupton; remember ilia Saturday previous to Christmas Day ; re member there was a large lire on the Beep water run, and it had been burning for two or three days : had been engaged kfkilling a beast for Mr. Withers on that Saturday, and . went out to Clarke's for some clean clothes that evening ; it was just dusk when I got there: have been on the burnt ground between Clarke's and the top plain since the fin?: went oa it on last Sat unlay evening ; if the lire which burned Mr. Devlin's fence hail originated from opposite the defendant's, it would have left off on Mr. Devlin's run ; ja place of that, np against the top plain, where the lire is turned, it has left off on Mr. Lupton's. 1 am sure two or three hundred yard? from the fence ; the grass on both sides of the fence runs as high as a man's foot when on horset ac'c ; this is on the timbered land, but at the plain the crass is short: was present when the dis tance from Clarke's to Buchanan's was measured ; it is CT chains straight by the road; this is the nearest point from the fence to the house ; saw also the distance from where defendant is accused of setting fire to the grass measured ; to Devlin's place it is SO ckains. Benjamin Kenny deposed : Am at present engaged fencing on Mr. Beel's run at Grong Gronsr. and remember the Saturday previous to the last Christmas: was then coming* from the back of the Grong Grong run along the Xarandera road to Clarke's ; struck the road at the boundary fence between Lupton's and Bead's; before I came to the road I had seen the smoke of the bush fire ; struck the read about between 1 aud i! o'clock, and it was about th:s time that I noticed the smoke which appeared to be coming from the direc tion of Mr. Lupton's top fence ; know defendant's selection, where he now lives ; think it was about 4 o'clock when 1 came to the top boundary of his selection ; as I was drains past his selection, I first saw the tira in a bit of a gully there ; it is a dip in the land ridge more towards the far corner of defendant's fence ; the fire had burned down to the road there and gone out, but was spreading round the gully to the left; it bsd not barn til right along to Buchanan's fence, but was burning in a half circle to the road from the top plain: Mrs. Bnchanan was standing on the road when I saw her; it was half way between the gilly anil the house; went on to Clarke's, and while I was there Mr. Lupton's son and Mr. Withers node up, aud I told them that the fire had crossed the road, that I had put it out, and they had better see where it was working to. as it might get into the meadow ; could'not see the gully whore the tire had burned to the road from defendant's house ; William Lupton appeared to be coming from the Berembed station ; when tli y i\\\le up to Clarke's they came from that direction. John Longford deposed : Am at present working for Mr. Lupton, fencing, and am camped on the Long Plain Creek," about six miles from defendant's more or less across the bush ; remember the Saturday before Christmas last; was coining in with sonic letters to Buchanan's, and left my camp between 12 and 1 o'clock in the day ; saw a bush.fire burning on Mr. Devlin's run about 2 miles off the top plain ; when I came across the plaiu saw a bush-fire burning in towards defendant's; went round on to Buchanan's and told him of this bush-fire ; it was between the top plain and defendant's house ; this was about 2 o'clock in the day; came round on the outside of the fence towards Buchanan's-about a quartcr-of-a-mile from it; saw tile blaze of it ; the fire was burning slowly from Mr. Devlin's toward the Berrcm bed run ; could see parts of the boundary fence, patches of it had been burned down ; when at Buchanan's saw a fire lip the road towards Clark's place ; went and looked at the fire, and then went into the house, I believe, to see if Mr. Withers was tiiere ; when I got there Mr. Withers and young Mr. Lnpton had left and had gone out to the bush-fire ; was at Berrembed station between 3 and 4 o'clock ; before I went to Clark's had seen and told the defendant of the bush fire outbreak. John Clark deposed : I live at the boun dary fence between W. Devlin's and Mr. Lupton's runs on the road to Narandera ; ?was at homo on the 2.'ird December last; on the morning of that day saw the appearance of a fire ou W. Devlin's run ; that fire came across through the boundary fence, and the wind was driving it towards Buchanan's ; it first came through the boundary fence about half-a-mile from my place, between 12 and 1 o'clock in the day, aiid about 3 o'clock it was down toward's defendant's place ; saw Buchanan coming back with a load of posts between 3 and 0 o'clock, and the lire had then got down to his place and was all blaz ing ; on that day I saw the witness Kenny ; he said lie had put out some lire on my side of the road; both before and after Keuny told me he had put out the fire, saw Mr. Withers. To the Bench : The fire I noticed had been burning for two days, a long way off appar ently, but do not know upon what run. Henry Withers recalled, to the Bench : It was after I had seen Kenny that I put the fire out, as I have deposed in my former evidence in this case; had just then come from Berrembed. Case dismissed. 