GUNDAROO. (Froon our eorrespond?nl.) T?E quiet monotony of our little town was dis turbed on Saturday morning by the news of a rob-i bery that had taken place on Friday night. Some' on evil thoughts intent entered forcibly the store of MIr. A. Affleok, J.P., and thence abstractelod flour, ugar, &0.; a cart-saddle, and brooohing were also taken. The saddle was found by a boy the next morning. The breeching, however, has not yet. como to light. Mr. Afileook's cottage is a little way; out of the town, and the store is some distance from the dwelling-house, so that the burglars had the op portunity of carrying on their evil work almost as they pleased. We have generally prided ourselves on the honesty of our little community, and we will not be deprived of the boasting by one evil net. We believe the bulk of the inhabitants are honest; but on the other hand this robbery has not booeen perpe-: trated by any stranger. The guilty ones may yet be discovered. Very dry weather. There have been occasional indications of rain; but they have passed away only again to disappoint us. Thc grass is failing, and grass is wanted, for MIr. Mraosgy's sheeop have.re turned to the district and Mr. Donnolly has lately introduoced some five thousand owes. Those who' are threshing do not of course want rain; but that is nearly over, and will I suppose be generally finisbod this weeook. Mr. Mc Oluog's steam-aoehino is now among us, and is doing its work well. Thsflno dry weather hasdone one good, and for that reason we might almost wish it would continue.' A larger number has been in attendance at the public school during thebo last week than has beoon sooen in the sachool-room for nearly twelve months past. Twenty-seven is not a bad weekly average when only thirty names are on the roll. I have called ours a quiet town. It is not alwaya so, for the sound of the hammer is pretty constantly heard, as a large hotel is now being ereeted in ex pectation of the large amount of business that will accrue from the opening of the marked-tree road. To-morrow a mooting is to be hold in Quoanbeyan in reference to the opening of the road between here and Gunning. This it is supposed will act de a feeder to the southern railway when it is extended to Yass. Our road reform agitators have hit upon the right schome at last. This of course .will ultimately be the direet line of oommunieatioi. When that ultimatum will hbe reached this deponoeht' Bnoweth not; and in the meantime I suppose wae must muddle on the beet way we can. Bush-fires I am sorry tosee are still ever and anon opringing up. ... The ground is too hard for the plough; and at present "there is nothing stirring but stagnation.' April 22. 