PPgWil ipdft l^»t»hj^^t^g-lMW^^no«w ll>M^mi^^^(t(otV'4o4 W>n*; te of ftoxiel? fiookomiM* Iff* in dniioff \--"<\- ---?- ???'???jffiftiru'' it*& into % i««r id iniM might oooar, bat »' pasture would nevtfr-ba ^experienced. To ac complish this fesult'is the object of the simple apparatus I invented four yews ano, aud submitted to a rudo -hot satisfactory trial at Gltygottef "with one I ntade in a day, of galvanised iron. I whortly afterwards offered it t6" the squatting interest, wit hone expecting fee or reward, but got no response. Since then tens of thousands of pounds have been' IcjStby bush-fires, wthicU I believe luUht huve bepii prevented to. a Breat, extent by the use of my in vention, which I .beg to describe in the columns of The. Aryua, whilst X Huhmic a mpdel fof iribycc^oJit at fJcou'a Hotel, CoUiu'8 stteetv. i A fraroe of J.igbt jingle-iron, ,0ft. long and 8ft. widts.ia placed on (par lii^ht wheels, 18in. in 4iameter. Ilea tin g aiii .Mie frauie at ttie hinder part of it in a, firegrate, aWo*t touch ing ,,the, ground. ,bnt ioojisi fluently made moveable on a juiht in front. «o a« to rise over any unerennt^ia of theground or obdtructions on the surface, and sinkagaiu into its positiou when the obstruction has been tjotover. From the fire grate it sheet of irou like an inverted arch sweeps downwards towards the surface of the ground, and then rises towards a chimney 5ft. hi|»b, :a few inches deep, but the whole width of the frame. On each side of the frame are hanging moveable plates of iron, touching tbe ground, made to, rise over uu evennemes or obstructions, and in front, ba tween the two front wheels, a moveable iron plate is suspended. Thus the whole effective apparatus consists of a fire-grare and a chimney, a portion of the ground, with its vegetation, forming the under horizon tal wall of this chiraDey. The de«it<n is to burn the grass in stripes by means of this apparatus when it will not burn otherwise. It may be worked during the day time, before the grass is sufficiently dry to burn of ic-jelf, or during the night time, after it has become dry enough, to burn. The whole operation consists in lighting a small fire in the grate, when, from the .great draught up the chimney, the flame sweeps along the surface of the ground and entirely consumes tbe grass, the apparatus being drawn along on its wheels by a horse or by two men. As the lire cannot spread to the right or left, otr towards the horse, it is completely under control. The apparatus, of which I have constructed a rough modrl, on the scale of one inch to a foot, may be made of auy length and width, but one say from 3ft. to 6 ft. wide, and double the lcugth, will probably be found most convenient. If made, according to tbe scale of the model, 3ft. wide by 6ft. long, it. will be so lit.ht that due man could pull it along. A strip 3ft. wide, however, will not he a sufficiently safe width to depend on; but such strip s may be made .doubly wide by burning a parallel line, either close to the first, or a belt of gr>ws may be left between thPtn to be burued off on a calm day. Believing that this very simple apparatus, which need not cost more' than about three pounds, would entirely prevent the burning of whole dii-tiicte atxl entire runs, and the loss, of thousands of pounds' annually to individuals ditectly, arid to the whole com munity .indirectly, I freely ra|3te it known through yonr columns to all the Australian colonies. Remembering past experiences, all I wish to add*is,th&t;_the inventiou is my own. -l am, 6ir. yours, &c.; W. LOCK.flAR'F MORTON. South Yarra, Jan., 30. 