I Has ENOINEKHINQ ASSOCIATION.-A mooting of this association wa» held in the Masomo Hill last evening, ' at whian an interesting paper on 'Colonial Material for the Manufacture of i-Maohiriory,? Twas read .by.. Mr., Croll. ./Thia papor,.after it had boen read,,was handed) by! Mr.'Grol( to, our reporter for publication in ;fbo | Town and'Oouhtry Journal,' but. the chairman refused tb permit its publioation;in that'paper,-and undertook tb order our reporter tb give it._.up to tho reporter of the Herald, thuB, depriving, him of tho. MS. after he had received it from tho, ¡hands of,the author"1" Wo should not have noticed 'thismattor if it had boen a oolltavy cue of, injuatioe and unfairnoaa. on the part of the officera of. thia asaooiation,>hut it is only one instance' ott of many of studiedly offensive eonduot towards the Town and Country Journal-tho only paper in 'the cplony wbióh'.,makeslscientiGo matters' a prominent, feature in ita columns. Wo are reluctantly , driven to the resolution not to -notico. tho.prooeedinga 'of: this, association in future.' \Ve make this explanation that the mcmbprs may nndoratand tho .reaion^that.wohavo publishod no report of last night's proceedings. '\\. .. OniCKET-GoüLBüim v. TJirrvERsrir.- An advertise- ment, of thia match ,will bo f onnd, in another oolumn. In 'order that tho game may,' if possible, "bo 6nishod in one day,-play is to commpnoo, at 10 on Saturday.n orn-, mg;, -".and . last as long, as daylight serves,' unless Sooner finished..' ' Tho'committee have gallantly determined to admit ladiesto tho .Grand, Stand without'charge. ' Tho1 match .uppdars . to. oreato, genoriil interest, and a good deal of deidre is evinced' to ceo tho batting and bowling of Donaldson nod:Moore, the former of whom scored 55 againnt^tho , "Victoria -club On Anniversary Day, and tho láttor D6 against tho'Albert Olbb'on'Baster Motí day. This , viii, bo, eithor tho first oooaaion, or the.'firat occasion for . a number of yoara, on which, a Goulburn( team .Will havèf played in Sydney^' Tho visitors have beon uniformly sucScesful thia 8oasóh,; and áro reported', to be very, oofident of succeaa on Saturday. ? . . '. THIS"WKATHEB INlTKH iNTKaron.'-We nro obliged, to a mercantile firm in town for the following extracta : from letters tb hand:-'Calgoa River, Maroo. 27 : 'Weather mild and pleasant ; days fine and .oloudleas, not disagreeably, hot; and 'nights cool and:refreshing. ; Plenty. of.,grais;i but, dry; a day's rain would be bene- ficial: grass williuovrburu readily, 'rand there'¿is .again : liability, to.bush.fires, Fino.rain.is reported to.have fallon at Bourko, bnt the country between hers-and there .requires rain, 'Tho creeks aro still running/ but getting very low.' -' Mungindi) .March 29 : Weathor very dry, and nights cool ;it is telling on -the gras*.' MaitlandMeroery. 1 ,r:v;¡^ il . GOLD ON.THK BELLINGER.--The Macleay Herald, of tho 5th instant' says :-Some little excitement ' was mused in town during tho carly part of the week, in consequence of a report that gold had: hoenj found iii f>ayable {quantities on the Bollinger. On inquiry we éarned that a party sf diggors from Now Zoaland haro for soma timo past boon prospecting on the Bollinger, and have on several occasions discovered traces of gold, buthavo at last, they believe, -succeeded in finding moro than ' tho colour.' TITO of the party have gono \- to Sydney to prooure tho ncoossary appliances to oxtraot the gold. Xnforniatieu of tho discovery bas been received in town, and on Monday a party, consisting of ¡Mesar». A." Ooohrano, -W. Wonnocott, Al- K. .Muon, B. Poole, and others, will start for the place to tost tho value of tko disoovcry. . ? THE HORSE-SHOE BEKD, BRAIDWOOB.-Tho' simple facts' conneotod with tho oolobrated Horse-shoo Bond, situate about eighteon miles from Braidwood, whioh is now formed into n company, aro ns follow :-In the year 1859 tho Government of Victoria offered a reward of L1000 for tho diacovory of a payable gold- field within 100 miles of Melbourne Among- various prospecting barties in tho Gipps Land Ranges wore two, one beaded by ¡Mr. Howitt, tho son of tho well known author, and afterwards tho leador of tho expedition in search of Burke and- Wills ; and tho seoond party 'under the command of Wm. M'Oren, Eiq., .T.P. Aftor an arduous and trying search tbrougn' almost impenetra- ble gullies, Mr. M'Crea had the good fortuno to dis- cover tho auriferous country at the head' of tbo Tar- win, and reooivod tho reward of Lil50 for his services. Siuoa that timo Mr. M'Orea -has investigated, a large oxtont of country in thia colony, and ultimately, came upon tho Hnrso-ahoo Bend of the Shoalhaven Uiver. This Bend, which is nearly 3J miles in extent, has a narrow neok of only 222 yards. In dry .seasons il (has - boon.' privately - worked .'.by one or two -parties, 'who have', done remarkably welt, tho' /wash : dirt averaging teri- feet in depth.: ; Mr. M'Oroa at once Baw what could bo done, and took the wiso precaution of buying up tho.neok of land to the extent of forty noros, thus making himself maatur of tho) situation, his objco t being ito raise a snfBoient snm to enablo him and others to cut a new channel for the river and slulco the whola of the bend on a^gigantio soaje. On his arrival in Sydnoy his project was favour- ably entertained by gontlcmon; all -able and willing to oarry it out. It was long known that if tho bed of tho Shoalhaven ooutd bo worked, it would be found to contain largo and rioUdopoaits, for it was a well known faot in .'tho district that this very bend was the ren- dezvous of tho notorious bushrangers .who Infested lt a few years back, and that thoy woro occuatomod, doting, their, alaok season of, depredations,, to work whero the berto vroro <lry, and to prooure pounds of \the.precious j motal. Mho ihalf- dozon capitalists'aro now about to call;for tendora to out through tho nock,, and tho work wilt be commencoil as speedily, as possible. > Notioca' have , been posted at ',the Court-house bi Braidwood, and on tho ground, of applications for the lcaso of the fivo thousand yarda of '. the river- bcd of the Shoal- haven'.at .tho Horse-shoe Bend, in blocks .of one thousand yards eaob. -Tho applications are mado on behalf of several pf tho . most -influential ¿and rcB peotablo morohants of Sydney. '..'?. i.. . : THU DEASÖN Draanra3,--A correspondent, writing to the U. H. Courier in referenoo to tho Denison dig ginge, says :-Close to Campbell and'M'Kay's crushing' maahine ' is one in' course ' of' 'creation by ' Messrs. launders and Levien,' or rathcr'tho Denison Gold mining 'Company ; it'also U to'-havo water for its mbtivo power« and is to driro eight hoads of stampers of 4i owt oaoh. A good number of men aro at work here, and if tho plans aro faithfully carried ont th« mnohino will bo as near perfection as good substantial woriennd the long experience'of the manager (Mr.' Martyn) con niako it. 1 All that minting and engineering skill cnn- suggest ls to ' bo brought to bear on tho work. A stoam-ongine is also' to,bo oreotod -at the olaim, but ns tho supply nf water' must depend on what ls obtained from 'wet workings,' its introduction ia delayed until an old shaft in tho .lease now fillod with water is renohed by a tunnel. The1 company's claim ls'about two milos and a half from here -aorois tho orcok and up a range. The rango con- tains a'good few. reefs besides that of, tho Denison Company -'Welshman's; Simpson's, tho Wno Mountains' and Fainter's. - The returns, however, from theso have boori a« yet littlo or nothing -perhaps in consequence of . tho { efforts of their ownors having "been mis dirootod. Tho Golden Bill ' as the company's lease ls locally oallod, has beon successfully worked for some years, and at times the stone has averaged os high os niuo onncos to tho ton, A tunnol 022 feet in length is already oompletcd, and a tramway laid down.' The reef, in plaoes is tbrca foot thiok,'but ia othbrs'it dwindles down to » few inohes.''Hore and there aro 'lendera,' Rome of willoh havo proved rlohor than tho main roef, and othera not worth following. Generally speaking tho -, reef ,. steadily, rana north-eaat and south-west, ànd" mostly~ stands np and down, although in plaoea lt loans at a 'great angle, in some instances being almost on its side as it were.' Tho] tunnel, as I said,'is now COO feet, and is to be taken 840 feet furthor, till it reaohes tho ' whim shaft', at tho other end of, the lease. This loaso comprises thirty sores, but itho whim shaft and tho ground on whieh it stands hns been 'jumped' Ur a party who assert their right to its rotontlon, on tho ground that tho'company had not tho requisito number of men at work. I Tho i matter is now bofore tho court at Hoono. Anothor tunnol is boing put in above the one I have nttsmptod to desoribo. i Of course it is parallel, and is altuatod aa if'it wbro a sooond floor of tho same build- ings; when carried as far as some old workings it will' open up a "largo amount of now ground. At \ thoiN mouth ' of this tunnel'is a heap bf atone . calculated < to i average over 4oa - to tho ton,' probably more. This is not too high ari estimate when previous returns aro, takon into oon sidoration. Hero and there spooks of gold can be deotootod without trouble by the laid of a microscope. In addition to thia thirty-aore lease, tho company nra jaabj opening a roof called (in anticipation) tho Jowol lcr's Shop, right opposite , tho Reefer's Arms, at the township. Altogether thV Donison' Gold- mining Com- pany Seems ono that promises to its shareholders fair remuneration for oapltal expanded ; ita auoooss ls not problematical. As it has been worked by privato ontcrpriso with a good rotura it ls icnly reasonablo to oonoludo that moro oxtenaive operation* will\ moot with a proportionate lesreuo of profit. 