FRIDAY, JANUARY 12. Before the polico.magoistrat and Captain Rosai. Samuel Pearson was charged 'with heooping a forooious dog. Defendant appeared, hut the prosoonutor, Ellis E. Hinos not appearing whoaen called, it transpired that the foreman at MIr. Jacob's saddlery oestablishmont, where the lad was working would not allow him to como to court. The police-magistrate sent a subpona for him. After a short delay the prosecutor came into court, when from the ovidono it appeared that Ellis and a boy named Rnseolll woro passing defendant's shop in Auburn-streot on the 4th inst., when the dog which was lying under the window suddenly jumped up and bit Hines, who thereupon wont into the shop and asked defendant if the dog were his; defendant at onco claimed the animal. Defendant tried to show that it was not on the 4th because the dogs were chained up on that day.' dFoinod £1 with 4u.10d. costs of court, and 2s. Gd. damages. POLICE-OFFICE ROSTER. --- January 16th,. R. H. Blomfield and W. Conolly, Esqs.; 17th, A. G. DoLaurot and A. G. Finlay, Esqa.; 19th, A. F. Gibson and W. H. Hovell, Esqs. GouLnunn IEAT-PnRESERoVING COIPANY.- Th0 half-yearly mooting of the sharobeholders in this com pany will be hold on the 31st instant. Mesars. Gibson and Finlay are the retiring direotorsu GOULBURN PUBLIC SCHOOL. --- Mr. John Lumsden has been appointed assistant teacher at the Goulburn public school temporarily during the absence through illness of Mr. Girling. STAIoTICS Os TIes GOULaune DITe ITor.--During the quarter ended 31st December, 1938 acres of land in the Goulburn distriot have booeen conditionally purchaeod. The births, deaths, and marriages dur ing the same period have been as follows:--Births, 73 males, GO females, total 139; deaths, 17 males; 18 fomales; total 36; marriages 38. WE?seYAN MUTUAL IMPROVIsENT SoC0TY.-Th, businooess of this class, which had boon somewhabt interrupted of late in consequence of the holidays, was resumed on Wodnesday evening. A largonum ber of members was present at the mooting, which was under the presidency of MIr. Chambers. One gentleman was eleooted and three persons nominated for membership. Tbo ovening was devoted to the disaoussion of the Permissive Bill now before parlia mont. MIr. J. \VWalah, in opening the debate, fully explained the clauses of the measure and commentod upon them. Ho thought the passing of such a bill as that now before the legislature would confer great benefites upon the country; and he strongly con domnod the existence of so many low places where spirits were rotailod. By limiting the number of publio-houeos within a municipality at the disorotion of two.thirds of the electors, he maintained that those places from which most of the crime, evil, and vioe now emanated would be entirely done away with. ?Mossrs. MIollor, Morris, Youngman, Howlitt, Smith, and MIartin also spokel on the subject, which was being warmly disocussod when the time for olosing the mooting arrived. Readings and reoitations will form the business for next mooting. I?eUosT AT TOO HOsPITAL.-On Thursday the coroner, Mnr. Botts, hold an inquest at the Goulburn hospital on the body of Thomas MoKay, aged about fifty, a man well known in the town as being engaged in delivering the Sydney Morning Herald to its subscribers. It appeared from the ovidonc that on the 5th instant the deceased was engaged in some work at a school and that he fell backwards from a ladder and re'oivod injuries to the chest. He was attended by Dr. Morton, who found that he was sufferiag from inflammation of the lungs produced by the injury. Getting worse, he was receaiveod into Che hospital, where he died on Wednosday night. The jury found a verdict that the decased died of inflammation of the lungs produced by a fall. GrnnUnDA PnovreoNAL SBoooe.-eIMiss Margaret Quinn has beeoon appointed teaoher of the provisional s?chool at Grrunda. PAOuKESBounNE.-It is notified that an application has boon received for the establishment of a public sohool at Parkoabourno. MAIL TO OuBAnu.vnwEL.-By advertisement in another column it will be soon that tendora are in vited for the conveyanoo of mails to and from Our rawoola and Taralga once a wook. This will be a groat convenience to the numerous parties living in the neighbourhood. INSOLVENOY.-Snrrondor-Patrick MoNamara of Yass, innkeeper and contractor. Causo of insol veney: Loss by contracts and pressure of creditors. No schedule filed. Tui GovEINOR'e Torn.-His Excelloncy has boon invited to a publio dinner to bo hold at the Royal Hotel, Queanboyan, this evening. The Age says: His Excellency intends to remain in Queanboyan over Sunday, and on Monday proooods via Bungon dore to COrrondooley for the night, and thence to Goulburn next day. LAND TENunE. - A movement assuming the time-honoured form of a league has boon commenced and is called the Land Tenuro Reform League of Victoria. Ita prinoiploa are embodied in a series of propositions, some of which are put in the form of quotations from Emerson and Mill, the chief of which, however, are that "the land is the inalienable property of the inhabitants of every country through out all generations;" that selling the foo-simple is opposed tojuentioo and reason; that a rent on state lands would obviate the necessity for any otlier kind of taxation ; and that free land with a free port would onsure general prosperity and steady progress. The objects of the league are stated to be: The mmediateo cessatlon of the sale o all crown lands. 2 The fee-Blmplo of the public domain to Vest in perpotulty in the state (that is the people in their corporate capacity). 3; Occupancy, with fixity of tenure, ubject to rental for revenue purposes. Transfer oftenant-right. 4. Land already alienated from the state to bo repurchased by the state. No re-sale to individuals to be permitted. . The gradual abolitlon of all indirect taxes whatever. The revenue of the state to be dc rived solely from the rental of the land. YAss PASTOuAL AND AonraILTUAL ASSooCA TION.-Tho improvements on the grounds of the above sooity are being pushed on. The shed has bosn extended, and accommodation provided for dogs and poultry. The horse- yardt are being fitted and prepared at Nanama. When ready they will hb cartod in and oreoted without delay. Men are now at work on the-ground finishing the cattle-pons. The secretary informs us of the probability of a very considerable number of entries. Ono gentleman alone has made eighteen. The special mooeeting of members taken place on Friday, at throe in the afternoon, --Yass Courier. New WHV AT.-Tho first parcel of this season's wheat brought into town was on Friday afternoon delivered at Mr. T. Barbor's mill. The eamplo com prised a hundred and twenty bushels, and is stated to be of very superior quality.-Yass Courier. YAsa Sr.T.arSTI.-During the quarter ending the 31st ultimo, the following were the registrations offected at Yass:-Births, 78; marriages, 8; deaths, 18\. During the same period 46 conditional pur chasae of land woro mode at the Yass land offoo, the total oxtont selected amounting to 2817k acres. The deposits paid reached £704 -7. Od. During the same period, £91 13s. l1d. was paid as interest, and £137 Is. 3d. to clear off balances due on conditional purchases. There was also paid £166 7o. for lands purchased at nuation.-Yass Courior. BonenaA.-?Tuesday, 9.13 p.m.--His Ecoolleney met with a splendid reception bhere. Addresseo were presented to him, and a dinner in honour of his visit took placo.-Telegram to Empire. CRICKET --- THE WEST v. THE SOUTH. --- The fol lowing are the scores of the second innings in the late match played at Bathurst on Friday and Satur day last week. The scores in the first innings have already appeared, as well as the general result, which was in favour of the South: THE SOUTH --- SECOND INNINGS: H. Payton, c. Carman, b. West .. .. .. .. 0 1\. Golay. b. C ,idy.................... ... . IL Beleher, st . Heorgan, b. Csdy ... A. Donalseon, b. West .................. H. Throsby, run out .. .. .. .. 11 i ete.. ee, s. eorgla, b l. O West.. ....... E. Palmer, b. C. Weste .. .. .. .. .. o n '. hsppard, b. Camas, b. Casald 1y r 4 e. oeore, b. s . W st ......................... J. IIarper, s. West, b. C?osIdy ...l..... .... 0' W.dn avls,nod4t out..... I................. o o ry,1 l c-by, 8 .............. 2 18 Totnl In bothllae nnIngs... 110 rnas. Tan wmT-- srcemesemeuse . - A Pool, ran out.......... .... .... S C. Nyler, ao Ballser, b. Donaldson ..n oe.. 1. O. Nidorgan, b. ooro ....................... 5 C. West, o. Mro, b. Throsby ................ 1? W. Il. Iurlony, b. T hrosby... ............... C. Carman, b. r hrosby .................... J. Cnsidy, o. oulay, b. thesroby ............ tur Trse, a. Throun in...................... 2 SW. orgen, L.b.w., . ?e i?oro ......... ........... r. W. Croayr,.ni, E. . Throaby ......... 1 o . stovart, neot out ......... . 0o Dy;1; leg- byes,l................. 8 40 . Petal in both inningo..; 10e rtns. In the first innings of the esounth, Caeaidy bowled 123. alle, with the result of 35 runens, 9 maiden overs, and 4 wickets. West boewled 120 balls, 1 wide, 41 reuns, 2 maiden overs, and wiclroetso. In the second in nings Cassidy bowled 68 balls, 13 rune, 4 maiden yovers, and 4 wickets. West, 72 balls, 23 rnns, 4 maiden overs, and 4 wickets. In the first innings of the west, Throeby bowled 00 balls, 21 runs, 5 maiden ore, and 6 wickets. iioere, 88 balls, 34 runs, 2 maiden overs, and 4 wickets. In second innings, Dontdon bowled 78 balls, 1 runs, 1 maiden over, 1 wicket; Moore O balls, 1 un, 2 rt maiden overs, 2 wikeots; and Throeby 40 balls, 0 runs, and o wlekerts.-Abridgod from the Bathurst Times. Pio-oe.noTiceom AT B3TiOvosT.--Oa Saturday moorning last, two matches took pilaes on the Bathurt cricket-ground, in which some good eshoat ing was displayed. The first match was between lessrs. H. ayten, . Goulay, and T. H. West oun one eside, and the brothers Balttyo and J. Gaumbleton on the other, the prize being a new suialt of lotbe. The three latter competitors were successful, killing twenty birds to their opponents' sixteen. Gumblo teon, . Battye, and Payten each knocked over seven out of ten pigeons, and six out of eleven were scored by A. Battye, who was the only one unho fired at nal hip birds. The winning side shot offin the afternoon for theb prize, each killing one ont of two, when the shooting had to be discontinued for want of birds. In a soeond contest Mr. Payton opposed lIlr. Gum blehn for £2 -side, at five birds each, and the former won by scoring four againset two brought down by roembleton. A match in which, bsideos the aboveo mentioned sportsmaen, several other "klights of the trigger" took part, was shot off later in the day, and the winner was Mri. W. Davis, of Ginindorra, who soered all his birds.--ieonday was quite a holiday, among pigeon-shooters, and there mas a large muster at ol?so on that day to witness Mr. Go mbloton attempt the thirty-outoef fifty feat, and alson seveoral minor contests which were arranged on the ground. In the principal matoh bil. Gumbleton bakd backed himself at £20 even ogaint Mr. G. llatthows to kill thirty birds out of fifty with an ounce charge, twenty-five yards rise, ?nd the usual bnoundary of one hundred yards. Mr. iatthowe had taken a great deal of trouibl to pro vido good pigeons; and in this respoet ha was eucceso ful, for a bdttor lot of birds wore never fired at in the district. Th' Wind wos in favor of the gun; and Mr. Gumbleton commenced by killing nine out of thl first ten. Foor misses followed, when fire out of six wore scored, succeeded bj' a mies four times run ning. br. Gambleton continued with varying sue. 00s0 up to the forty-third shot, and he had then brought down only twenty-four birds, thus leaving avery narrow margin for missing. He, however, managed to seers all the remaining seven pigeono, with the exception of one which was missed, and he won on the last bird.--A handicap at five pigeons, for a double-barrelled gun, entranco 10s. followed the match. bir. T. H. West (twenty-seven yards), and Mr. Jonkins (24 yards), were the only oompoti. tors among fourteen who scored five, and they divided fdr the pricl. The next sweep was won by Lachlan, who knooked over five birds, and the euec ceeding match fell to bir. West, the money in the two last being secured by Mr. A. Battye.-Bathurst Timee. ElOeanHOLY DeAnTrr.-On Tuesday morning a rather sad occurrence took placeat the Commercial Hotel. A Mr. Edwards, who had arrived thoro as a atranger about three weeks ago, during which short ta he had found many friends, was found by the water of the hotel dead in his bed. Mr. Edwards had during his brief period at the Commercial Hotel complained of a severe illness, the nature of which he did not explain; and on the evening preoading that of his death he called at both surgeries in town, and hold eonversations in both cases respoot ing the amount of sedative medicine that might be taken with impunity, and in the course of the con versation appeared to disagree with one of his medical advisors, averring that he had seeoon a much larger amount than that they named taken without injury. He eventually purchased a large quantity of morphia, according to the evidence addueood, snuf filient to cause the death of ten men. This he ap pears to have carefully dissolved in warm water, to which was added a few drops of brandy immediately before be retired to his slumbers at nightp which he did in his usual good humour. On the following morning he did not appear at breakfast, but this did not occoasion any surprise; and, as lunnch-timo ap proached, the servants of the hotel, thinking that something was wrong, opened his bedroom door, and, to their surprise, found him in bed quith dead. \--Wogga Wagga Expreso. BusFne-Fes .--Fo r the last few days bush-fires have booeen raging south and east of Qnoanboyau. So far as we can learn no serious damags has occurred. But for the interposition of Providence it might have been otherwise. About noon on Monday a littleo son of Mr. E. O. Evans came into town and informed his father thata bush fire was raging near their house about three miles above the town on the river, and that in all probability the crop of wheat and every thing belse about the promises would be destroyodbo fore aid could roach the spot. Mr. Evans at once gave the alarm, and started at a hard gallop home wards, to prevent, if possible, the impending cala mity. He was instantly followed by the police and several townsmen, among whom wore Mr. W. G. O'Neill and his man, Mr. Fronkh, hr. Kinsela, &c.; -in all about a dozen strong and willing hands. It occupied but a few minutes in reaching the scene of burning, and less'time to dictate the course to pur so. All hands wero soon at work in good earnest to do battle with theofiry element, and for three or four hours they manfully stuck to their posts, when all danger seemed to be past. At one period while the wind was blowing towards the shed where the wheat-crop was stored, the fire could nsot have boon more than twenty or thirty rods from the wheat and other valuables. At this crisis the wind fortunately shifted, and thenceforward the hands found no diffi. oultyin gottingthe flames under. This fire is sup posed to have boon kindled by fishermen for it came from the direction of the river. It is matter of deep regret that persons are not more careful of fire, see ing that no one can seo where it may end or how many homes it may desolate in its caroor.-Quoan boyan Age. Finn.-A shed containing three saddles, harness, and other offoote, together with some money con coaled, at Gieindorra, the property of RobortKilby, has boon destroyed by fire. The origin of the firs is attributed to a pot cockatoo sotting firo to matoheos by nibbling the pointsof them. The bird perished in the flames.-Quaoboyan Age. MoELooreou .--loaday-.- Complete preparations are making for the Herray traffio.--Tho Sussox has beeoon visited by wreckers, and a considerable quantity of property has boon stolen by them. The steamer Express roturned from the wroclk yesterday. The cargo recovered from the Susser amounts in value to £4000. The back of the ship has not broken, con sequently it is thought that she may be floated off. The property stolen by the wrooekers has boon reeov orod.-Forward sales of wheat have taken place at 0s. Od -Tuesday.--Tho city, owing to the misman. agoment of the Yan Yean authorities, was almost destitute of water for the past three days. If a fire had brokon out, a large portion of the clty must hote boon dostroyed.-The Land Tenuro Reform Leagueno has issued its programme. [Thoobjoetof the league will be found in a paragroph in another part of to- day's papor.--Tho principle of oubsidising bridges has boon recognisod by the govern mont, the commissioner for roado having granted ono-third of the cost of the conetruotion of a bridge to the Richmond Bridge Company.-Tho preliminary railway surveys are to be pushod on under Mr. Wrixon, of the department, who has under him for this purpose a staff of thirteen offioors.-Tho board of inquiry into the causes of the wrook of the Sussox has decided that the ship was lost by the default of Captain Collard, inasmuch as in the opinion of the board he did not take proper precautions to verity: his position. His certificate is susponded for' six months.-Numorous applications are made to acoom. pany the projected New Guinea erpodition.--J. Selby' Bennett, a young man of moans, at the White Hart . Hotel, took an overdose of laudanum which has caused his death.-The weather is very trying. A hot wind is blowing, and the thermometer Is now ht 100 in the htdo.-WedneOsday.-DUring the lat aed~t four days a hot wind has beeoon blowing hero, but there are no signs of rain. The city is still without water, owing to inadoquaey of supply. Yesterday the thermometer stood at 06 in the ahbde and 120 in the sun. Meost small factories have stopped through a want of water, and great losses have also beon ex perienced by the meat-preserving companies and brewers. Mr. Wardolt'e dismissal is demanded, on the ground of his incompetonce to manageo the water supply. Great anxiety ie felt lost a firoebouldbreak out and demolish half the city.-A farmer's wife, named Maria Milton, has boon streck dead by light ning at Geelong.-Tolograms to the S ydneydaily papers. IrornTAzcT yo GovntsaeNT COerrn carons -For many years poeast contraotors whoso tenders are n? optoed for road-making, erootion of bridges, or other": government work, have noted on the sapposition that because the work performed wis on account of the government it was therefore unnecooessary'for them to take out and pay for licenses for removing gravel, quarrying stone, or falling timber on orown lands. This, howover, is altogether a mistake; and official intimation has boon made that if the pratotido is continued proceedings shall be commenced against them. It will be advisable, therefore, for .those holding contracts for the repairof roads, &e;, abtonce to take out the licenses necessary, whieh-mBy .be done at the nearest court of potty soesione.-~Ys Courior. CATTLE - STEALING -This offence appears to be as rife as ever in the Yass district, and many a weari- some night Mr. Sub-inspoctor Brennan and other members of the police force pass in the bush to dis cover the perpetrators. The owner or owners of the cattle believed to have been stolen by Druitt (now in custody) have not yet been discovered, although the police have not the slightest doubt that the three cows and two calves known to have been in his pos session were stolen. His case will again come before the court on Wednesday and another of a similar description is also expected to come before the bench. On Monday a warrant was granted against a person named Daley, a carrior, who is charged with steal-" ing a steer, the property of Mr. B. Chapmanof Spring Crook, near Yass. Mr. Chapman has lately lost several young cattle; but failed to trace the thieves. A young lad, however, has eworn :to having the other day soon Daley driving off the steer in question; and with a view to put a stop to those depredations, a warrant has been issued for Daloy's apprehension. What is the Yass Cattle- . Stealing Prevention Assooiation aboutP Does 'it exist P-has-it over existed, except in name p-if'so, is it to die the death of so many other praiseworthy, but indifferently supported, offorts to establish use ful institutions in our midst I The necessity for the vigorous prosooution of the purposes for which it was established, or sought to be established, is as urgent asno ever it was; and if properly managed, its aunooos ful and beneflcial career is certain. But an effioient and active committee is required to make the associa tion either useful or desirable; and it certainly has not yet boon shown that the office-bearers appointed possess those qualifloations.-Yass Courier. LOSS AND RECOVERY OF MAIL-BAGS.-Last Thurs- day's mail for Cooma broke down a few miles on this side of Mioalago. The mail-driver, Combo, made the beost of his misfortune and mounting one of his horses barabacked and leading another he endea vourod to pack the mails onward. He had not pro-' oeeded far when the horse he was riding fell with him, and the next thing Combo remembered was finding himself on the ground with the horse he was riding standing by his side and the packhorsoe mis sing, with the larger portion of the bags. After a full but unsuccessful search, Combo punrsued his . way and reported his lose. The lost bags were tiwo Sydney and one Goulburn bag for Cooma. Seoarch was made subsequently by the Queanbeyan police and others, but without effect, beyond finding the horse minus the mailbags. On Tuesday morning, however, the search was renewed by Senior-constable Carrol and Constable Bamford of Micalago, assisted by Charles Smith, junior, who resides near the scene of the mishap. The searchers followed up the tracks of a mob of bush horses, naturally sns pooting that the mail-borse took up with or followed after those upon gaining his freedom, and in gallop ing freed himself of his burdon. About two miles from the spot where the acoident occurred they fell in with the bags which lay unmolested just as they had dropped from the horse's back. Of course the finders brought them on with all spa?nd to Quean boyan, whence they were promptly despatched by the contractor to their destination.-?ueanbeyan Age. NEw ZE?ax.N.--Via Melbourno.-Wednesday. Kereopa is to be exoecuted next weelnk.-Oolonel Freeling has purchasod 100,000 acres of land in the Manawatu distriot for the Emigration Colonists' Aid -Association. They are bound to introduce and settle two thousand immigrants within seven yoar. -Tolegram to 8. M. Herald. BnRoISNE.-TooSday.-All the government esp porters were present in the Atosembly to-day. r. Mills rose to make a personal explanation orespooeting a chargo which had boon brought against him by Mr. Palmer at the last sittings. The speak? ruled him oua of order, and a desultory debate ensued. Mr. Iorehead called attention to the fact that there wore strangers prosent, whereupon the gallery woo nloarod.--Mr. Archibald Fullerton, a nephew of Dr.' Fullorton, was killed on the ovening of Christmas Day, through his horse falling ovir a wire fence, and throwing him on his head. The acoident was not discovered until the following Wodnesday, when the body was found.-Telogram to S. M. Herald. BLo.&m; COnnas.'r.-The Bathurst Free Press says :--Ono of the finest samples of fruit (in its way) we have seen far some time was, on Wednesday, brought to town for sale. It consists of a quantity of black ourrants, which reminded us of the counties of Lancaohiro and Cheshire, whore the fruit is grown to perfoection. The sample we speak of was grown by Mr. Dowton, of the Fring-Pan, the samespro duoor who, a little time since, brought to our office the fine bunch of rhubarb, of which we gave some notice in our columns at the time. The fruit woas plump and well developed. Nearly all the black ourranto we haveoseen over those mountains have been more or lessm pinched; nothing of this sort wasv howeover, discernible in those brought to town on Wednesday. Perhaps no fruit so much requ?res choico of eituation and aspect as black currants; it ise, however, now very clear that both these can be secured in our own noighbourhood. 