THE WEATHER AND CROPS. Wednesday Evening. | The weather during the week has been really enjoyable, atthe same time very suitable for out door work of all kinds. In reference to our markets, the demand for wheat has been well maintained, and sales have been effected at up to 5s. 4£d. ; under the hammer /oaI/) afl noi HlillA Aa. All. waji rnnliear I There is no ' alteration in the rates ruling for flour, £12 to £12 5s. being obtainable for fair- sized parcels, and up to £12 I5b. for small trade I lots. Oats are quiet at late rates ; some New I Zealand were quitted at 3s. publicly. In maize j we do not hear of much business, but prices are I fairly supported. We notice that on Monday and Tuesday, the I 4th and 5th of March, Messrs. Powers, Ruther- I ford, and Go. will offer by auction, at Bar won I Park, Winchelsea, the pure Lincoln flock, im- I ported and bred by the late Thomas Austin, Esq.; also the whole of the station and blood horses, j including thirty-five Timor ponies, 145 head of young cattle, and thirty-five milkers ; farming j implements and plant. From the well-known first-class character of everything connected with j xms esraDusnmenv, me opportunity is one tnat should not be lost sight of by agriculturists and others. Favourable reports are to hand from the district around Burrumbeet as regards the yields of wheat, from twelve te over thirty bushels to the ' acre having been housed in good condition. ' Oats turned out fairly, twenty bushels to the acre j being the usual run. The oaten hay crops are poor, while the clover land has yielded heavy crops as a rule. Mangles promise very well indeed. j Learmonth is said by the local correspondent of i the Star to be going downwards as an agricul tural district. The valuation book of the Balla- ratshire Council shows la decrease in cultivated land as compared with the previous year of nearly 7,000 acres, and by competent authorities it is asserted that the said figures will be increased year by year. At the termination, therefore, of Messrs. Morton and Einnersley's lease, in some three years' time, the Hon. W. J. T. Clarke will j have thousands of acres of waste land thrown on his hands, and finding no tenants at the present rate of rental the land will revert into a sheep- walk, or, more likely, a thistle forest. The news from Sale, Gipps Land, as to the yieios, is not very grand. Wheat is stated to be fair m quality, running only about thirteen bushels to the acre ; barley as a rule being light- fifteen bushels per acre. It appears that a large quantity of wheat came into the Ballarat market on Saturday, about thirfcv tons in all, of vei y fair quality. The secretary <5 the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Associa- tion was in attendance at Craig's hotel on Satur day, for the purpose of receiving entries and making the 'necessary arrangements for the grain show to be held in the Alfred-hall on the 22nd of next month. There w likely to be a large number of entries, and it isjbfelieved that the show will be a success ; being hild in the Alfred-hall will giye it an additional attraction. What would appear to be a valuable Russian bearded wheat has been grown by Mr. Trebileock; of Bullarook, who states that two and a half acres which he had sown for seed thiseeason yielded no less than seventy bushels per acre. On the same ground the yield from Battling Tom seed Was only ten bnshplA to the acre. The ears of this new < V . - wheat contain from 90 to 100 grains in each, witr Tfie, GeelongMfipeftUer reports tlat Mr- Leigh, of Bkriabool Hills/gives &s; his opihibn that the poor crops, obtained by farmers bin the hiils are, in a great measure, attributable to bad farming. He gives ah instance of what may be expected from the land, If it is not over-cropped —-Last year he 8owed29acres of wheat, 24 of which he had al lowed to remain in fallow during the summer, and I and from five of which he ha ' obtained a crop during the previous season. From the 24 acreB he has obtained 192 bags of fine wheat, whilst from the remaining 5 1 acres he has only obtained 4 bags. : Mr. W. Capron, of the Moorabool, has been singularly unfortunate. From between 50 and 60 ! acres aown with purple straw and Mount Gambier wheats, his average, he anticipates, will only be eight bushels to the acre. From' 20 acres of oats he has obtained an average of thirty-five bushels. From Mortlake, we learn that the yield of wheat is under the average, and the quality for from first-rate, generally about twelve bushels to the acre. The crops of oaten hay have been very feir indeed, and the potato crops at present look ex ceedingly well. We regret to hear that outrages on cattle are becoming rather frequent about Wyndham and ' tbe Keilor Plains. Mr. Smith, of Melton Com- I mon, has had three horses stabbed, two ot which j died ; and Mr. Murk Paine, two cows. In the case I of the latter, a portion of sheep-shears was taken j out of the wound. From the Sydney Mail we learn— n During the I close of the last and the commencement of the I present week we had a much-required change in I tbe weather, and though no large quantity of rain fell, yet the coolness of the atmosphere, and the occasional gentle showers had more effect in re viving vegetation and in saturating the soil, than a heavy downfall would have had. The late fruit is receiving the benefit of the recent change of season, and is much finer than that of the earlier and drier part of the summer. Vegetation has once more taken a start, and is again luxuriant | after the check given to it by the late oppressive heat. There has been a very seasonable fall of rain in the southern and western districts, mainly the xiesult of thunderstorms. These have been very heavy in some localities, but only partial in othere. The effect, however, has been to refresh the feed, j and to make the bush onee more look green with tbe new spring of grass. Gattle and sheep are in splendid health and condition." In the Wagga district, the weather during the past week (says vhe Express of Saturday) has been very showery and unsettled, heavy, but partial thunderstorms having been of very frequent oc currence, which have had the effect of perfectly deluging some portions of the district with water, whilst others have only been moistened with I moderate showers. The heat, in spite of the | Aggregate heaviness of the rainfall, still continues most oppressive, and from the general closeness I and mugginess of the atmosphere, a further down pour is evidently impending. The rains have fortu nately completely extinguished the bush-fires, which during the past month have raged with such destructive effect over so many parts of the J district. On the Merool country, on six runs alone, fencing to the value of over £7,000 has J been destroyed, and upon the back country of the 1 lower river, and between this district and J Lachlan, the destruction of pastoral property and | improvements has been eauallv heavv. The rains I I have, however, caused a most luxuriant spring of young feed on the recently- burnt country, and though the stock in some instances have been obliged to travel for sustenance, the scarcity of feed will be but of short duration, and in the end the runs that have suffered most will in the im provement of their pastures be the greatest gainers. The prize schedules of the Sydney and New South Wales Agricultural Society are issued, and they are more comprehensive than heretofore, ; taking in, as they now do, the products of other | industries besides agriculture. It appears the finances of this society are flourishing, and sub scriptions are coming in somewhat rapidly. 