Agricultural Items. WE have during the past week experienced a delight- ful change of weather, reports the Macleay Herald. The beneficial effects of the late rain are everywhere apparent. Vegetation in the fields is extremely luxuriant, and the forest lands that a few weeks ago were so dreary and desolate an aspect are now clothed with a beautiful mantle of emerald, and afford abundant pasture for the poor animals that were almost ready to perish. The Lower Clarence correspondent of the Clarence Ex- aminer, says : The long wished for rain has at last fallen in abundance, and I believe that we could well do with what we have had for a month or six weeks at least. Since the rain ceased on last Monday everything looks well and in a flourishing condition ; and if the sugar cane, maize and other products are growing fast, the weeds are growing much faster, and makes the sugar cane and maize growers look sharp to keep them down, so that every one is kept employed, and no idle or spare hands are to be seen on this part of the river ; in fact numbers are asking for men, and cannot get them. Our North Arm much respected favourite, the energetic and active engineer (Mr. Poolman) of the Chatsworth Island sugar works, left last week for Sydney, and the only representative of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company at present on the river, is Mr. Isaacs ; there are only eight men at present employed at the works, and they are busy overhauling and repair- ing punts, cleaning machinery, boilers, &c.; Any person who had called at the works, about six weeks ago, and visited them again now, would wonder where all the men had gone to, as very few of them are to be seen in this district. The Paterson correspondent of the Maitland Mer- cury says :—Though very hot, close, and oppressive, the weather for the last fortnight has been very favourable to farming operations. No one could desire more favourable weather than has prevailed for the last month for the tobacco crops ; in fine we never have seen tobacco look so well as it does throughout the district, at tho present time. The production is likely to exceed anything that has been produced for many years past. The maize crops are everywhere looking splendid, and promise an abundant yield. Cornstalks from thirteen to fifteen foot in height are frequently seen, where it is planted in anything like good soil, and four or five large cobs on a stalk are not unfrequent. The yield of the vineyards is not expected to be a large one this season, but should the present weather prevail until after the vintage the quality of the wine will be very superior. At Harwood Island, learns the Grafton Observer, the crops of all kinds are looking well. The Clarence Examiner says :—Our respected settler, Mr. Reuben Willis, has made a sugar mill of a rather primitive nature, on his farm near the First Falls, it is constructed of two hardwood rollers placed verti- cally, after the ancient style adopted in the East Indies and worked by horse power, which will crush before breakfast cane sufficient to give thirty gallons of juice, which will yield from fifty-six to sixty pounds of sugar in a crystalizable form. Mr. R. Willis having no cenerifugal by which to extract the molasses, con- sequently the sugar is not in marketable form. A sample has been left at our office, and Mr. Willis is willing to show the mill working to any one, and to afford all the information in his power. The cost of the mill, which was made by himself, does not exceed £6. The Grafton Observer states :—The weather this week has numbered the hottest days of the season. Once or twice thunderstorms threatened to relieve the atmosphere of some of its heat, but drifted off to the far west and north. A little rain would do good, but on the whole the crops of maize and young cane look very promising. A meeting of the committee was held in the society's room on Thursday evening last, for the purpose of considering the report of the sub-committee appointed to prepare the schedules for the next annual show. The report was adopted and the schedules ordered to be printed for distribution. It was also resolved that members of the committee should can- vass for member's subscriptions. The committee was then adjourned. Of late the weather at Goulburn has been intensely hot, several days ranging as high as 100 in the shade. On Monday evening, however, says the Goulburn Herald, a heavy shower fell, and an hour or two later the atmosphere became much cooler ; and yes terday the thermometer had fallen as low as 66. Rain continues to fall gently. It was beginning to be much wanted both for maize and potatoes, as well as to prevent bush-fires, and to extinguish one or two small ones that were burning in different parts of the district. The wheat has been safely got in with very favourable weather for harvesting. The yield will be about the average or perhaps slightly above it. In the district of Braidwood rain has fallen and done great good to the farms. A correspondent writing from Buckley's Crossing to the Monaro Mercury reports that rain has fallen, and that, in consequence of the change, the country wears a flourishing appearance. A somewhat similar state of things is reported from Bombala, At Jindabyne farmers are busy reaping with every prospect of a most abundant harvest. At length, says the Monaro Mercury, we have been favoured with a desirable and much needed change in the weather. In the upper part of the district considerable rain must have fallen on Saturday, as on Saturday night Cooma Creek was very much swollen. On Monday morning the weather in Cooma was oppressively warm ; in the afternoon appearance of a change was observed, and the rain commenced to full lightly ; after sunset it poured down steadily and continuously for some hours, Since that time the weather has been agreeable and cool, and the country is resuming the verdant appear- ance it bore not long since. Speaking of the wheat market the Western Examiner says :—The present quotation for wheat may safely be put at from 3s 6d to 3s 9d. Some time ago we stated the probable average at fifteen bushels per acre. We are now in a position to say it amounts to if it does not exceed twenty bushels. The harvest, as a rule, has been better than anticipated. Oats are in demand at 2s 9d per bushel. The Bowna correspondent of the Albury Banner says :—Now that harvesting operations are drawing to a close, and the result so far known, we cannot con- gratúlate ourselves upon any great abundance in cerceal crops, while at the same time we have no great cause for complaint. One great evil which we had much cause to fear, from the prevalence of wet weather at a very critical stage—the rust, having barely succeeded in establishing the fact of its existence, consoles us in a great measure now for the shortcomings of an other- wise healthy crop. It may be said that, as a rule, we have lost about one-fourth of a fair average crop, by the heavy storms with which we have been visited lately, either throwing it back at time of filling and thus stinting the young seed, or breaking it down and shaking it when ready for the sickle. To make amends for this, we have been turning our attention and our spare ground to potato culture, which promises well so far. Speaking of the wheat market the Albury Banner says :—Since our last report, wheat has been coming into Albury a little more freely. We notice that wheat in very scarce in Adelaide, and if Victoria can not supply her own requirements, wheat must rise in price. The present market price for wheat in Albury is 3s 3d. We believe the price at Burrow's mill, Barnawatha, is 3s 6d. The following, sent from a correspondent to the Kiama Independent, gives a fair idea of agricultural matters in the South Coast districts :—About; this time last year we were sadly in want of good dry weather, and many wore the exclamations —' When shall we get fine weather?' Well, we undoubtedly have got it at last and I fancy we have it pretty ' tropical' too. During the past fortnight the thermometer has shown itself up to 112 degrees in the shade, and never lower than 68 degrees, and then, only for a short time. In fact, it is so hot as to be quite dangerous to have to turn out at midday. Our farmers take early morn- ing and evening for their labour, and I think they act wisely. Since the above was written we have had a very severe storm of wind and rain, attended by light- ning and thunder. The wind may be termed a south erly burster, and came with great violence, blowing down a great deal of maize ; but, luckily, our farmers think it will not be seriously damaged. With the wind came the rain, and for the greater part of Mon- day night it rained unceasingly. Tuesday broke rather cloudy, but with a change in the atmosphere from 101 to 62. No wonder people catch cold so frequently when such sudden changes occur. Our maize is look- ing better ; and now that ' cobbing' is going on we anticipate (bar accidents) an overflowing harvest. Potato digging is now in great rage, and from what I can learn the yield is very fair considering the draw back it had to contend with some time since. 