TUESDAY, JANUARY 18. Before the police-magistrate Three drunkards were discharged. POLICE OFFICE ROSTER.—January 22nd, J. Hayes and W. F. Hayley, Esqs.; 24th. S.M. Morton Esq., and Captain Rossi. CHURCH OF ENGLAND.—The Bishop of Goulburn and Mrs. Thomas started yesterday afternoon for Queanbeyan and a visitation tour of the southern portion of the diocese—Cooma, Adaminaby, Jejedze- riok, Bolooo, Nimitybelle, Bombala, Delegate, Pan- bula, Eden, Bega, Bodalla, Moruya, Araluen, Braid- wood, Bungendore, Canberra, Gundaroo, Gininderra, and Collector. They expect to be absent on the tour about nine or ten weeks. CASE OF SUPPOSED INFANTICIDE.—On Wednesday last the coroner, Mr. Betts, held an inquest at Mrs. Poldevin's inn, Collector, upon the remains of an infant found the previous day in a waterhole at Spring Valley. Constable Cade deposed that he re- ceived information of the finding of the remains and started for the place; at the side of a waterhole in Mrs. Rosewarn's paddock found them lying on an old tweed petticoat; they were much decomposed, and there was no clothing; parts of the body were missing, and the skull was in little pieces and entirely out of shape; thought the remains must have been in the water three or four months; [witness here stated the names of one or two families, in which there were unmarried girls, living in the neighbour- hood, but there was no reason to attach suspicion to any of them;] the pond was getting lower every day owing to the dry weather; there was nothing about the petticoat to identify it by.-Dr. Morton deposed that the bones were mixed together; there were those of a child of full time and newly born; could not term an opinion as to whether it had been born alive; thought the remains were those of a male child, and gave reasons for this opinion; they had been in the water some months ; parts of the base of the skull were missing; the portions that remain did not show any signs of having been fractured, nor did any of the bones.--Mrs. Julia Rosewarn deposed to having seen something floating on the water on the previous day, which when brought to land proved to be the remains on which the inquest was being held; a girl named Sarah Banwell had lived in her house, and in April, 1870, had a child by witness's son; she was still suckling this child; her son married Sarah Banwell in August last.- The evidence of Henrietta Banwell was also taken, but it was not material.- The jury found a verdict that the body was found in a certain pond at Spring Valley, and the jury are unable to determine whether any marks of violence appear on the body or by what means the infant came to its death, but in their opinion there are grounds to suspect that the said infant was feloniously murdered by some person or persons un- known. MEETING OF PARLIAMENT.—The Legislative As- sembly will meet on Tuesday next after the adjourn- mont for the holidays. CRICKET.—SYDNEY UNIVERSITY v. GOULBURN. The long talked-of match between the Sydney Uni- versity and the Goulburn elevens will come off to-day on the Victoria recreation-ground. The names of the players have been given in a former issue ; but we understand it is likely that Mr. Powell will be present with the University men, and that it is doubtful whether Coates or T. Iceton will be able to put in an appearance. DESTRUCTION OF GRASS BY FIRE.—We under- stand that about a thousand acres of grass on the Lockyersleigh estate were burned on Wednesday, having been ignited by sparks from the railway engine. A claim against the government for com- pensation is likely to follow. THE PHOENIX COPPER MINE, CURRAWANG.— 60 tons 16 owt. of pure copper have left the mine during the last few days, making a total of 120 tons odd made and sent away since the mine has been in the new proprietors' hands. Large supplies of ore and fuel are on hand, and the prospects of the share- holders look exceedingly good. LOYAL STRANGERS' FRIEND LODGE.—At their meeting on Monday last the members of the Loyal Strangers' Friend Lodge of odd fellows gener- ously voted £2 from their funds as a donation to the Goulburn hospital. BUSH-FIRES.—A very destructive bush-fire has been raging about the Pejar Range on the N.W. side of this city since Sunday last. One settler, .Mr. Scott, has suffered very severely. Noticing the fire rising near his promises on the Pojar road on Sunday, he went out and with assistance managed to check it, and thought that he had made all secure. On Mon- day however he left home, and during the day his daughter followed him, telling him that the fire had broken out again. On arriving, he found that it had crossed a creek and had completely destroyed his orchard, containing about fifty fruit-trees, the apple, pear, and plum trees being in full bearing and loaded with fruit. In addition to this, he has lost nearly four hundred rods of log and split fencing. For- tunately the Pojar road separated his homestead from the orchard and wheat-paddocks, and he had got all his wheat only the day previous safe in stack near his house. He attributes the cause of the fire to the practice of a lot of young men going out kangarooing on a Sunday and lying down for a spell, lighting their pipes and not caring where they throw the matches. WESLYAN MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY.—It is gratifying to have to report that this society, which has now been eostablished nearly five years, is steadily progressing in the object at which it aims and as as regards numbers ; and it is pleasing to find that the interest which has hitherto been taken in its welfare continues still to be well sustained. The meeting hold on Wednesday evening, which was presided over by Mr. Chambers (V.P.), was largely attended; and three gentlemen were elected men- bers of the class. The business commenced by a reading from Mr. Youngman entitled Rover and the Tinker's Dog; Mr. Lake followed with a piece called St. Paul's Cathedral, Old and New; Mr. Mellor, a selection named By a Mother's Grave; Mr. Foxall rendered the Confiscation of Artemus Ward's Show; and Mr. Smith recited the Outcast Pope. The criti- cisms upon the various pieces were good, and more than usually taken part in by members. The read- ing of expositions will compose the business for next meeting. TENDES ACCEPTED.—Mr. W. Johnson—Contract 1-72, Great Southern road, 2nd district; Mr. T. Quinn-- Contract 2-72, Great Southern road, 2nd district; Mr. J. Hannon-Contract 3-72, Great Southern road, 2nd district ; Mr. J. Bean, senior 0 Contraot 4-72, Great Southern road, 2nd district; Mr. T. Reid-Supply of metal between Mony Mony bridge and Engine-hill; Messrs. R. Skinner and Son- Supply of ballot-boxes and furniture for court- house, Berrima. THE WEATHER AT WAGGA.—The heat yesterday was something to be remembered. The thermome- ter ranged from 108 to 110 in the shade, and the heat was of that stifling, melting description which makes existence a burden and the thinnest silk coat a mockery. To aggravate the sufferings of a people whose warm complaint it is that they are being roasted before their time, and being overdone, many of the wells are beginning to fail, and a drop of cold water is as much in demand in some quarters as it ever could have been with Dives himself. How long this state of purgatory is to last nobody knows, but it is to be hoped for the sake of business, which we need hardly say is in the meantime entirely sus- ponded, that it will not last much longer, or there will be no alternative for our enterprising traders but to resolve themselves into a wholesale boiling- down company, or pack each other up as dried meat for the London market. There were some heavy thunder- clouds hovering about yesterday, which gave some hope of a change; but towards evening they "silently stole away," and left us to the horrors of a night which might be enjoyable in the neighbourhood of the North Pole, but nowhere else. -Advertiser. CHURCH OF ENGLAND, WAGGA.—On Sunday last the Rev. Mr. Pownall, the newly-appointed clergy- man of St. John's, formally "' read himself in" as the future minister of the parish. The reading in was a novel proceeding to a large proportion of the congregation, and was evidently regarded by many with a good deal of surprise.-Express. ENGLISH BARLEY.—About twelve months ago a question was discussed in our columns as to the suitability of the Yass district for the successful growth of English barley, and it was pointed out by a correspondent that many years ago this cereal was extensively grown near Gundaroo, and disposed of at Bradley's brewery at Goulburn and Bradbury's brewery at Queanbeyan. On the closing of these establishments the demand for barley fell anway, and its growth in a great measure ceased. Dr. O'Connor procured some excellent seed-barley in time for sow- ing last year, and distributed it to several persons in the neighbourhood; but the result we have not yet learned. Mr. Boswell of Snugsborough also procured seed, and placed about three acres under crop. This has been reaped, and has returned about fifty bushels to the acre of as fine a grain as could be wished. Anyone who sees it (and a sample now lies at our office) can scarcely doubt that it may, in the event of a demand for it arising, be most success- fully grown in this district.-Yass Courier. A NOVEL CONTEST.—The Western Examiner re- lates that on the 4th instant a reaping match for £5 aside took place at Mr. P. Logan's farm, Forest. The contestants were Stephen Norris of Spring Creek and James Mc Cue from county Donegal, Ire- land. The superiority was to be decided by the largest amount of work performed in two hours. The men commenced operations at half-past six a.m., Norris having won the toss and taken his choice of ground, and continued with the usual intermissions for refreshment, until six p.m, when the work was measured, when it was found that Mc Cue had reaped an acre and a quarter and thirty-nine rods, and Norris one acre and thirty-two rods. Mc Cue there- fore won the novel match by a quarter of an acre and seven rods, and may very reasonably congratulate himself on an extraordinary day's work. Messrs. M. Farron and T. Miller acted as judges and sur- veyors. THE BORDER CUSTOMS.—It is not easy to imagine a case of a man so obstinately resolved to put him- self in the wrong as is the New SouthWales pre- mier. He seems eager, in his comparatively small way, to make the Riverine people disaffected, as George the Third and his ministers the American colonists. He has made a mistake, and is anxious to raise some smoke to hide his blunder. His aim is evidently to confuse the issue; but he has met his match in Mr. Duffy. The offer of the Victorian government is so perfectly direct and fair, that there is no room for wriggling nor shuffling. Sir James Martin is cornered, and he knows it. If Mr. Duffy had done otherwise than he has, he would probably' have met the political fate which now threatens Sir James Martin in New South Wales.- Ægles in the Australasian. THE WAGGA SUGAR COMPANY.—A special general meeting of the shareholders of the above company, was held at the Commercial Hotel on Monday even- ing last for the purpoose of electing a director in the room of Mr. E. Shaw, who had resigned his seat at the board. Mr. Walt occupied the chair. The at- ten dance was not very numerous. Mr. Forsyth who was present, was unanimously elected to the vacant seat; and, it having been arranged that a meeting should be held to-morrow, for the purpose of making arrangements for the immediate purchase of a sugar-manufacturing plant, the meeting sepa- rated.- Express. BRISBANE.—Tuesday.—When the House met to- day Mr. Palmer made a ministerial explanation; He said he would accept the proposal to withdraw the Electoral Districts Bill and bring in a bill for a general distribution of the electorates. This would take some time to prepare; but he promised to devote his best energies to the subject with the intention of making single electorates all over the colony. He asked the House to vote supplementary estimates for 1870 and 1871, and to grant him three months' supply. He thought then that they might pass the brands bill and one or two other measures, and bring the session to a close in a few days; they might meet again at the beginning of April, when he hoped to have the electoral bill ready. Mr. Lilley, on the part of the opposition, accepted the proposed arr- rangements and promised to assist the government to bring the session to a close.—Mr Bell is now making a financial statement.- Mr. Speaker an- nounced that he had received the tender of the re- signation of Mr. Pring. Mr. Palmer, without notice- ing the tendered resignation, moved that Mr. Pring had been guilty of contempt; that inasmuch as he had been ordered to attend in his place on that day (Tuesday), and had failed to attend in pursuance of the order of the House, he had been guilty of a greater contempt; and that therefore he be given into the custody of the sergeant-at-arms. Mr. Lilley suggested that Mr. Pring should not be taken into custody while he was fulfilling a professional engagement at Roma, and it was arranged that the Speaker's warrant for his arrest should not issue for a few days.—Telegram to S. M. Herald. FATAL BOAT ACCIDENT IN THE DERWENT RIVER. —The Hobart Town Mercury of the 5th January reports that a general gloom was cast over the town on the 4th instant, by the receipt of the intelligence that on Tuesday evening, while a boat containing four young men was crossing from Huon Island to the main land, she was caught in a squall, capsized, and three of the occupants drowned. The young men were Mr. John Augustus Moir, son of Alderman Moir of this city, Master Allen, the second and last surviving son of Mr. Allen, of Huon Island, and two grandsons of Mr. Allen named Gray, one of whom fortunately escaped by getting on the keel of the boat after she was capsized. On the circumstances becoming known in town, the expressions of the sympathy entertained for the bereaved families were universal. The deceased Mr. Moir was a promising young man, aged about twenty years, and a general favourite with his friends and companions. In Mr. Allan's case the circumstance was peculiarly trying as he had previously lost three sons, two of whom were drowned a few years ago, and now the only son left has shared the same fate. The accident is said to have been caused by the young men having fas- tened the sheet so that they could not ease the sails when their boat was caught in the squall; but nothing definite on this point has been ascertained. BUTTER.—26,280 lbs. of butter were shipped to London from Auckland the other day. COUNTRY MINISTERS OF RELIGION.—Counter- blast writing to the Wogga Wagga Advertiser about the doings of some country clergymen, says :. \- Another instance of glaring impropriety on the part of a minister of religion occurred in Wagga Wagga only yesterday. A notable divine being on a visit to the public school did not think it necessary to remove his pipe from his mouth when entering the schoolrooms, but deliberately smoked the whole of the time he was in the presence of the children ! Perhaps I am wrong, and it is very proper for a clergyman to set such an example in an Australian schoolroom; but I am inclined to think that if an humble parent of any of the children had acted so, he would have been unceremoniously ejected. THE BOROUGH OF YASS.—On Monday the time expired during which acounter-petition to that praying for the incorporation of Yass could under the Municipalities Act, be lodged with the executive; and none having been forwarded, Yass may now be said to have been promoted a step. The Governor's proclamation, it is likely, will speedily be pub- lished, declaring the town duly incorporated and appointing a returning-officer to conduct, and the date of, the first election of aldermen. Already we have heard whispers of certain gentlemen as likely to be nominated, and as much for good or evil will depend upon the qualifications and character of those chosen, we hope a careful and judicious selection will be made by the electors. We shall at the proper time particularise the routine, &c.;, to be observed by candidates for office and also by electors. - Courier. FOUND DEAD IN THE BUSH.—The Burrowa Ad- vocate says :—Another sad instance of death in the bush has occurred near Gunning Flat. On Friday morning, 6th instant, Mr. Patrick O'Leary, while riding in the neighbourhood of Mount Darling, ob- served a small tent about two foot high. Seeing no signs of life about the place, he dismounted and entered, when a horrible spectacle was presented to his view. Wrapped in a blanket, and covered to the eyes, with the remains of a foot protruding from beneath the covering, lay the body of a man some time dead. The hair (a pigtail) denoted that he was a celestial. Near his head stood a small billy of water, and outside the tent was one boot, with a tea- spoon therein. No sign of food of any description appeared about the place; but, from the quantity of fine ashes which had accumulated near the tent, it evident that the deceased had been camped there for a considerable time. He evidently knew that he was about to die, as he had sown the corners of his blankets, and arranged a pillow of kangaroo-grass twisted into a rope, coiled into which his head was fixed. THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH.- On Wednesday, Mr. Todd received from Mr. Clark, the superintend- dent of the operators on the overland line, a telegram dispatched from the Alice Springs, where one of the interim stations is established, the spot being distant from Port Augusta rather over nine hundred miles. While it was gratifying to known that communica- tion was established to a point so far inland, the message was additionally cheering from the very satisfactory intelligence it otherwise conveyed. For the message to have been received at all is, of course, an intimation that Mr. Bagot's contract is completed, at any rate so far as the utilising of the line through his section is concerned. But news of a more im- portant and gladdening nature than this has been flashed along the wire, from a region that but a short time ago was unknown to the boldest explorers. The whole of the central sections of the line are completed, -and a strong force of Mr. Todd's men and teams are gaged in pushing on with tho work of poling boyond section E, to moot Mr. Patterson coming from tho :Oatborino, 50 that the northorn portion of the line io irogrossing ot both ends. Tho messago might havo boo sent from several hundred miles farthor north word bad the oporators boon there to transumit it. Msr. Todd may woll bo congratulated on the sucoess ful completion of hio portion of the undortaling, which affordo a pleasing contrast to tho failure wbhoro the government havo so disastrously moddlod aod muddled. Wo now give the substance of the moe argo at greater length, combining it with ioforma tion from other sourceo rolativo to mattors connected with the work. It will bo regretted that ono of tho first items of tho doopatch is -the announcemoet of the death of Mrt. Kraogoe, one of tho oflicials, whoso strength proved unoeqal to tho hardshipa and ezer tions ho hod necessarily gone throogh. The tole gram was receivod on the morning of the 3rd January, on which day Commonication was opened between Aloan Springs in the Mocdonnoll Ranges asnd Charlotte Waters, and thence on to Port , Augeota nod Adolaide. Tho operators arrived at the Springs on the 28th of Docombor, and waited there till communication was opened with Port Augusta. Messrs. Clark and Weolon wore to loave on tho-41h instant, going northward. Mc. Kraogon woo the opoeator who wao to havotahen charge of thoeAlica Springs station. During the erection of the line ho had boon aoting as seoistant stooslocoper at tho Penko dopft. ie was formerly station-naster at Pcniliqoin, and was an accom plilhd'opbedtor and etentroioln. Ho appeared to have died from exhaustion en thejoursoy, consequont open his constitution not being able to boar tho strain pat upon it. Mr. MeMinn reported the whole of the sections comploted, and that Hr. Harvey and men were planting poles north of seetion E. Moesor. Ennolosy and Mills, with their hands, had oince {oinod him, making the total strongth'of his foroo erty-tlvo mao and sixteen teams. Hr. Ho Hinn had sont sheep to this party, and was forwarding other rations. He reports flee rains ond abundance ef food elong the line. The oporators goingnorthward from Aice Springs aru instruoted to spoale Adslaide on ever favourable opportunity ns tohy progress en ward. Ons ef Mr. He Minuse pnrty will aooompany Mr. Clark, who is to go to the northernmost paint, having appointed Hr. Huller in placo of Mr. Xraa. gen at station-master at Alito Springs. The foot ef the csmmuniration being opened safor will ha oem municatod to Hr. Pattorson and to England.-S. A. Advertisor. 