PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL INTELLIGENCE. Wi have during tho past wook oxperlenocd a dollgbl fal chango of weather, reporta tho Maoloay Harald. The beneOoial effeota of the lato rain aro everywhere apparent. Vegetation in tho fields is extremely loxorUnt, and tho forest lands that a few wooka ago Wire io dreary and desolate an aspeot aro now clothed with a beautiful mantle of emerald, and afford abundant pasture for tho poor animals that were slmoit ready to perish. Tho LoworOlarenoe correspondent of'tho Olaronoo Ex- aminer, says : Tho long wished for rainhas nt lost fallen In absndanoe, and I bellovo that we could well do with what we havo had for a month or ali weeks at least. Since the rain ceased on last Monday everything looks well and In a flourishing condition ; and If tho sugar- cane, maiio and other produote aro growing fast, tho weeds aro growing much faster, and makes tho sugar- canei aud malro growers look sharp to kcop thom down, io that ovcry ono is kept employed, and no Idlo or ?pare hands are to be seen on this part of the river ; in fact numbera aro asking for mon, and cannot got thom. Our North Arm much respected favourite, tho energetlo and activo engineer (Mr. Poolnian) of tho Chatsworth Ialand sugar works, left last week for Srdnoy, and tho only representativo of tho Colonial Hagar Hönning Company at present on tho river, is Mr. I'M?" . thoro aro only eight men at prosont omployed at tho works, and they ar« busy overhauling and repair S Pí?nt°' oloanlng maohlnory, boilers, &c; Any person j wh° h»d oallod nt tho works, about six weoks ago, and vleltod thom again now, would wondor whero all tho mon had gono to, as very fow of thom aro to bo seen in thia dlatrfot. . Tho Paterson correspondent of the Maitland Mer- cury lays i-Though very hot, close, and oppressive, » W,^J'1., '°r tho last fortnight has boen very favourable to farming operations. No one eoula Battit more favourable weather than has prevailed for tho lost month for the tobacco crop's ; in fine we nevei hare seen tobaoco look so well aa it does throughout the distriot at tho present time. The production ia likely to exoeed anything that has been produoed for many yeara past. The maize orops aro everywhere looking splendid, and promise an abundant yield. Oortistiilks from thirteen to fifteen feat in height are frequently seen, where it ia planted in anything like good soil, and four or fivo large cobs on a stalk are not unfrequent. Tho yield of tho vineyards is not expeotodto be a largo one this season, but should the present weather prevail nntil after the. vlntago tho quality of tho wine will be very superior. I At Harwood Island, learns tho Grafton Observer, tho ' orops of all kinds are looking well. The Clarence Examiner says :—Our respected settler, Mr. Reuben Willis, has made a sugar mill of a rather primitive nature, on his farm near the First Falls. It is constructed of two hardwood rollers placed verti cally, after the ancient style adopted in the East Indies and worked by horse power, which will crush before breakfast cane sufficient to give thirty gallons of' juice, which will yield from fifty-six to sixty pounds of sugar in a crystalizable form. Mr. R. Willis having no cenerifugal by which to extract the molasses, con- sequently the sugar is not in marketable form. A sample has been left at our office, and Mr. Willis is willing to show the mill working to any one, and to afford all the information in his power. The cost of the mill, which was made bv himself, does not exceed £6. Tho Grafton Obaorvcr »tate» ;-Tho weather this week baa numbered tho hottest day* of.tba soason., Unco or twice thunderstorms threatened to reliovo the' atmosphere of sorao of its heat, but drifted off to the far'west and north. A little rain would do good, but on the whole the orops of maize and young cano' look very promising. A njecting of tho oommittco was held in tho society's room on Thursday evening lost, for the purpose of considering the roport of the Bub-committee appointed to preparo tho «ohedules for tho next annual show. The report was adopted and the schedules ordered to he printed for distribution. It was also resolved that members of the committee should can- vass for member's subscriptions. Tho committee was then adjourned. Of lat« the weather at Goulburn has been intensely hot, sovoral days ranging as high as 100 in the shade, j On Monday evening, however, sayB- tho Goulburn Herald, a heavy shower fell, and an hour or two I later tho atmosphere beeamo much cooler ; and yes- terday tho thermometer had fallen as low os CG. Hain continues to fall gently. It was beginning to be much wanted both for maize ond potatoes, aa well as to prevent bush-fires, and to extinguish one or two small ones that wero burning in different Ítarts of the district. Tho wheat has keen safely got n with very favourable weather for harvesting Tho yield will bo about the average or nerhaus slightly above it.. Ia tho district of Braidwood rain has fallen an< dono great good to tho farms. A correspondent writing from Buckley's Orossln to tho Monaro Mercury reports that rain- has falle« and that,' in consoounnco of the change, the oountr wears a. flourishing appearance. A somewhat simile state of things is reported from Bombala. At .Tindabyno farmers are busy reaping with over] prospeot of a most abundant harvest. At-length, says the Monaro Mercury, we hav been favoured with a desirable and mool necdod ohange in tho weather. In the upper pari of the district considerable rain must have fallei on Saturday, as on Saturday night Cooma Creek wai very mnoh swollen. On Monday morning the weatbei in Cooma was oppressively warm ; in the afternoor appearanoo of n oh aupo was observed, and the rait commenced to fall lightly; after sunset it pouroc down steadily and continuously for aomo hours. Binco that time 'ho weather has been agreeable and cool, and the country is resuming tho verdant appear ance it bore not long since. Speaking of tho wheat market the "Western Examiner says:-Tho proiont quotation for wheat may safely bo put at from 3s Cd to 3s 9d. Somo time ago wo stated the probable nvorngo at fifteen bushels por aero. "Wo oro now in a position to say it amounts to if it does not exceed twenty bushels. Tho harvest, as a rule. Ima' been better than anticipated. Oats arc in demand at 2s 9d per bushel. Tho Bowna correspondent of tho Albury Banner says :-Now that harvesting operations are drawing to a close, and the result so far known, wo cannot con- gratulate ourselves upon any great abundance in cereal crops, whllo at the samo timo wo have no great cause for complaint. Ono great evil whioh we had mnoh causo to fear, from the prevalenoo of wet weather at a very critical stnge-tho rust, having barely suocceded in establishing tho foot of its existence, consoles us in a great measure now for the shortcomings of an other- wise healthy crop. It may bo said that, as a rule, we hnvo lost about ono-fourth of a fair average crop, by the heavy storms with whioh wo have been visited lately, either throwing it bsek nt time of filling and thus stinting the young seed, or breaking it down and shaking it when ready for the siokle. To mako amends for this, wo have been turning our attention and our snare around to notafo culture*, which promises well BO far. Speaking of tho who&t; market tho Albury Bannei ?aya :-Sinoe our last report, wheat has been coming into Albury a littlo more freely. Wo notioe thal wheat is Tory scarce in Adelaide, and if Victoria can- not supply her own requirements, wheat must rise in Í)rioe. Tho present market prico for -wheat in Albury s 3s 3d. We believe the price at Burrow's mill, Barnawatho, is 3i Bd. The following, sent from a correspondent to the Kiama Independent, gives a fair idea of agricultural matters in the South Coast distriots :-About this time last year wo were sadly in want of good dry weather, »nd many were tho exclamations -' When shall we get fine weather?' Well, we undoubtedly have got it at last, and I fancy wo havo it pretty .tropical' too. During the past fortnight the thermometer bas shown itself up to 112 degrees In the shade, and never lower than 68 degrees, and thenjonly for a short time. In fact, it is so hot as to be quite dangerous to havo to turn out at midday. Our farmers take early morn- ing and evening for their labour, and I think they sot wisely. Since tho abovo was written wo have had a very severe storm of wind and rain, attended by light- ning and thunder. Tho wind may bs termed a south- erly burster, and came with groat violence, blowing down a great deal of malee ; but, luckily, our farmers think it will not bo seriously damaged. With the wind came the rain, and for tho greater part ol Mon- day night lt rained unceasingly. Tuesday broke rathor oloudy, but with a change in tho atmosphere from lol to 62. No wonder pcoplo catch oold so frequently when snoh sudden changes ooour. Onr malro la look- ing better; and now that 'cobbing' is going on we antloipato (bar accidents) ; an overflowing harvest. Potato digging is now in groat rogo, and from what I can loam the yield is very fair considering the draw back it had to contend with some timo since. On Monday ovenlng, i ho weather, says tho Dubb Dispatch, of tho 25th ultimo, underwent a wolaomi ohange. For days prevtoualy the ann waa blaring hot and tho atmosph«ro cloie and stifling. On Monda] afternoon, tho sky became overcast with thick olauik and about sis o'olook min eommonoed to fall. I oamo down steadily during tho evening, and nt inter vals throughout tho night. On tho following (Tuosdny morning, thora wero also showers, and during tho da] rain-threatening clouds wore prcsont. Yesterday morning (Wednesday) tho day broke with a oloar skj and a hot sun, but as tho morning advanced ratu-oloudi mado thoir appoarsuoe. Tho fall wo have had cinnol fail to do mnoh good, especially if it has bcongonoral, and, from appearances, thcro is ovary reason to believe it hos. Tho growth of grass will bo stimulated ic bnrnt country : and that ls somothing, especially whan it is considered that on ninny rnns, mllon and miles of feed havo been destroyed. Tho damago done by the Area on tho Lower River, and on tho Barwon, in tho vicinity of Walgett, was very great, and theso raina i must, to a considcrablo extent, obviato a good deal of tho inoonvenlenoo whioh would be felt. As a caution to persons careless in the mo of Aro, it may be mentioned that on Tuesday last a person was sentenced by tho Dubbo Bouoh to a month's Imprisonment for loavlng a Sro alight on ona of Mr. E. Flood's Martha- guy runs. Tho country about hero looked, previous to fh8 rain, very dry uriel withered, but alrenfly it wears a moro fresh aspect. Stook of all descriptions are in excellont condition and health, and tho prospects of the squatting oommunlty, In our immediato neighbour- hood, at all events, aro. very. cheerful. . Tho Barwon, near Walgett, has overrun Ita banks. .This has been caused not by local rain, but an Influx of Queensland waters, which bavo also backed up tho Lower Castle- reagh some fifty miles. Wo hear that tho country about Euroka is flooded for miles. Floods, as a rule, aro not looked upon with muoh favonr ; but In thia instance, they wero a positivo boon ; for tho advancing water has not only put out tho bush fires, but it ls suro to causo a growth of feodonthfso parts of tho fron- tages which woro burnt. About Brewarrina, everything is looking well. The river Is rising. Sheep and cattlo aro lu fino condition, and there aro' happily no bush fires reported. On the Middle Macquarie, every- thing considered, thoro is ltltlo causo for grumbling. Although thc destroying element has dono a good deal of damago, yet thoro I» abundance of fine and strong grass. Tho district stock items aro ns follow :-OOO store cattle (Towns md Co.'s), Townsend In ohargr, aro oomlng this way going south for salo ; Fowors, llothor ford J and Co., agents 700 store sheen (Cllohrlst, Watt, and Co.'s) aro on .tho Bogan, in ohnrgc of Mr, Bussell, going to Wagga Wagga i P. R. and Co, agents. 600 store cattle (Rcadett and Simpson's) will bo hero to-morrow ; P. lt. and Co, agents. 860 stud owes (G. H. Cox's) passed Dubbo from Mudgee on Saturday, going to Ellongernli, In olinrge of S. W. Rutherford. 20,000 shoop (Forlongo's) wool' on, from Queensland, nra on routo to Jandra, whera they will bo shorn. 17,000 sheep from Northern Queensland are going to Allison'», Lower Castlereagh station». 7000 fas sheep (Doyle's) bare left S re warrina fer Sydney. COCO »tere sheep have been purchased by Mr. A. H. M'Gullosb Colane station, from the Obley station. 1200 fat aheej (W. H. Clement's) have left Cadildray, Bogan River for Sydney. Messrs. W. and T. Richardson, of Bf arra womble, have jost completed delivery of about 3000 fal sheep to Messrs. York and Walsh, of Sydney. Mr. W. O'Neill, of Cannonbar, roports tho salo of ter young bulls for R. h. Jenkins, Esq., of NepeauTowers, to Messrs Hall Bros., of tho Bogan River, at tho fol lowing prices, vis-Tjord Durham. Master, Pigot, Tyler. Plantagenet, and Caliph, by Noblo Arthur 2nd-bred by R. I,. Jenkins, B»q.,and sold to John ¡Brown, Esq.. of Cannonbar-at £50, £50, £50, £50, £90, and £75 each respectively ; also. Master Ducie by Royal Butter- fly 7th at £80 ; Len and Boston, by Theodore, at £60 and £100 respectively. The weather at Mudgee, says the Post of the 25th, appears to have at length broken. On Tuesday morn- ing last some tolerably heavy showers fell, «Ince whioh tho air hos been close and muggy with indications of rainy weather. . So far tho showers have fallen vary partially, and in some few. portions of the district thero is an abundance of young grass, whilst at soma few miles distance tho eye meets either a blackened waste which has been traversed by fires, or the grass parched by the heat af the sun and devoid of all nutriment. ' Should present appoaranoo now bo voritlod, thero will be snfBolent timo for the grass to attain growth and strength to withstand the winter. The stook items aro unimportant. From tho Bogan we learn that 440 prime store o.Utlo had been purchased by Messrs. Strahorn Bros., from Mr. Bradio ; 1500 fat sheep (Messrs. Hunt and Crawford's) for Sydney : 120 primo fat cattle (Mr. Gilmore's) for Bathurst. From Cunnamulla wa learn that 260 fat cattle (Messrs Bigge and Co.'s) 'were en route for Wilcannia for further instructions ; 1G8 mixed cattle (Mr. Slater's) from the Upper Warrego ; 2300 mixed oattle from Shurslgoonal (Messrs. Town and Co.'s, en route for Boemerry. The local itoms are unimportant. 90 head fat oattle (Messrs. Brooklehurst's) have arrived for looal salo ; 46 (Thompson's) from Widden for this market; 40 (Messrs. Tindale Bros) for the Mudgee market. The local mar ket continues firm at recent quotations. Tho V. H. Courier says :- A large quantity of woo has boen received at Mr. Wright's Woolwash from Sydney during the nreok, to be returned for shipment as ' sooured fleece.' We are told that, notwithstand- ing tho alloged unfitness of tho Hunter River for scouring parposea. Mr. Wright can turn out wool, as purely and brilliantly white as any washer in the oniony. Thirteen hulls from Mr. Key's Btation at Ben- galla, have been sold to Mr. Campbell, of Sydney, at £22 a head, and will proceed to that gentleman's station (Triggermau), on the MacIntyre, in charge of Mr. Charles Smith. These bulls, or their sires, were originally from Messrs. Leo and Durham's celebrated herds. f lu a few weeks, says tho Dubbo Dispatch, a meeting will be held tb adopt bye- laws and elcot tho officers of tho recently established Pastoral and Agricultural Asaooiation. Since the holding of tho meeting for the purpose of forming the aooiety, tho secretarios have written to upwards of 200 persons,-more or less interested in prstoral and agricultural pursuits-and answers have been recived from many-and, with ono or two exceptions, the replies have been very encour- aging and satisfactory. Crack breeders, in many localities, have sent their subscriptions and earnest wishes for the sucosas of tho Asaooiation. We have not the slightest doubt now that the society will be a success. In order, too, that it may be as successful as posaiblo in its working, meet as nearly as eau be the aim of the promotora, and reflect the greatest oredit on the district ; those gentlemen who have as yot not answered the secretary's oirculars should do so nt once. Thero ought to be no lagging behind. The larger the support tho better, and moro attractive tho prize sahedulo. As tho election of officers and adoption of bye-laws will take place early in February-probaby on Monday the Bth-wo would advise all who desire to tike n part in the Association to, without delay, send I'n their names. Sinoe our last report, gaye tho Wagga Wagga Express, the oountry has been visited with several heavy downpours of rain, whioh have had tho twofold effeot of extinguishing the numerous bush Area whioh wero raging in different parts of the district, and ol giving tho ground a good soaking, and inducing a spring of young feed whero tho grass has beer, burnt off. Tho fires have destroyed great quantities of fencing, tho grass having been so long, denso, sud dry that, when once ignited, it burnt with snch fury that it has usually been found next to impossible to put it out, and has travelled for miles until arrested by natural obstnoles, roads, or patohes of country provlonsly burnt off. Wo have boord that numbors of sheep have been oaught in tho fires, and burned to death. In the looal market, fat cattle aro but sparingly Inquired for, tho Viotorian markets being too uncertain to induce buyers to speculate. No transactions have been "Ported, but host bullooks may bo quoted worth from LG 10s to LC 6s. Fat «heep aro very dull at nominal . quotations. Store cattle, if of good quality, aro in fair request at high rates, but inferior qualities command but .little attention. Beat bullooks may bo qveted worth from L4 6s to LB, and other classes in proportion. Good ewes, primo wethers, and woaner« are in active ! request, and all suitable lats of aneh wenld meat will, . a ready salo at high rates. A correspondent writing from Merriwa to tho Upper Hunter Courier says :-200 head of bullocks from Messrs. Clift Brothers, Breera atatlon, purohased by Mr. Christian at £6 per head. 2000 fat sheep, owner Mr. Christian, from Walhollow station, for Maitland market. Mr. Henry York, of Jerry's Wains, pur chased from J. Cooper, Esq., of Cullingral station, 4000 fat sheep and 200 head ef fat oattla; both lets are prime and will leave tho station on tho28rd for Sydney market. Very few wool teams aro to be seen passing through, a sign that all is down country. Tho lato rains whioh were but light about Tamworth and Liverpool Plains, says the Bourke Telegraph, hara been very heavy indeed farther north. For about te» days tho Big River at Bingera waa higher than jt has been for years, and as tba bank was destroyed, traffic and communication was completely interrupted. At Moreo tho whole country was overflowed, and from Walgett wo are inf ormcd that up to the 17th, tho Bar- won wa» higher than lt has beon slnoe 1804. The flow of tho river alone was five or six miles wide, and the towns were surrounded. This has been caused altogether by the watora of tho Gwydir and the Maolntyro, for the Namoi waa by no mean» high. By all accounts this must have bean an aeoeptable visita- tion to South Queensland, where rain was said to bo so much needed. I Tho effects of tho great bosh fire», says tho Hyy Standard, aro beginning to »how. "Wo are informed by tho inspeotor that large lot» of «hoop aro likely to »tart for graas and water from the Merool Greek ; already C2G0 have havo »tarted from Bynya, and 15,000 morn from tho »anio »tatton will »tart in a fow day«. 3300 fat »heep (Brown and Co. owners) are approaching Booligal, from Forbes. 2500 fat »heep loft Willurah for Melbourne, on the 10th instant ; samo day, 3000 left Cuba ; on the 11th, 570O from Bellingoramhle ; on tho 18th, 2900 from Moolbong ; samo day, 3G0O from Corrong; on the 22nd, 2500 from South Thononga. All the foregoing fat sheep started for "Victorian mar- ket«. Our Booligal correapondent writes :-Very hoavy raina havo fallen in tho bnok oountry, extending from tho river Darling to Mossgell ; th» water in somo places being up to tho bed of the Boyal maxi ooaoh. 1730 fat sheep, from Alma,- in ohargo of Mr. Gilbert, orossed hore this morning (January 22nd) for thoViotorian markets. Tho weather is still oppres sively hot. The Riverine Herald -reports tho following stock orossed at Eohuc»:-17th January-3500 sheep, H. Riokotson (Baratta); 2400 »heep, R. Patterson (Conargo); 3200 sheep, A. M'Vean (Thelangarine). 18th-130 cattle, J. J. O. Moore (Aratula) ; ll hors«. Johnston and Burton ; 4000 »heep, R. and W. Landale; 90 fat cattlo, Molesworth'«. 19th-94 cattle, Landale Bros. (Deniliquin) ; 2500 fat aheop, from Hunthawang (Humphrey in charge}, crossed at Hay tbia morning. Wo have, say« thoBourko Tolegraph of the 23ri instant, but litt Io nows to coramunionto in reforenoo tc stock movements in tho dlstriot, ia oonsequenoe ol being hemmed in by water. Tho inhabitants of thc country lying towards tho head of tho Darling hay« had an answor to their longings for rain, and a Uood in tboso distrlots has been the consequence. The districts in tho vicinity of tho Warrogo, Paroo, and Cuttaburra, aro for tho moat part inundated. Homo idea of the extent of tho floods may bo formed wlion wo state that tho Hoodaviilc mailman informed us that ho had to mako a detour of 250 miles on his return trip. It is sincerely to bo hoped wo aro not going to havo a repeti- tion of the torriblo floods whioh so rccontly vlBltod this district, and so nearly consummated tho min of tho squntters, by destroying tho small romnant of thoir stock, whioh a protrnctod drought had loft. Un Mon- day it oommanced raining steadily, and now gives every Indication, of a steady continuance, tho sky hoing of a dull dark leaden colour, without ono broak to givo hopes of a cessation, and thunder growling ominously. In consequence of tho floods wo aro out oil from our correspondents, and cnn tbcrofora give but Httlo in- formation, from the fact that wo woro informed of this rain ns having been for aomo timo felt in tho country bordering on Queensland, wo aro lcd to bcllevo that little if any atook ia on tho movo in that direction. The only movements of whioh wo havo rcoolvod lutal llgonoe aomo from Hoodsvillr, which aro aa follows : - On the 4th instant, Costelloe's 120 head fat cattle from the Wilson, passed for southern markets, and on the 6th, 50 horses (Durack's) also from the Wilson, for the same destination. We hear that, 9000 sheep passed Scrivener's, Paroo Inn, going up to stock the Tura palcha run (G. P. Suttor's) and that a lot more sheep were about to leave the Darling to stock the adjoining run Woroyerah (Brown and Smyth's). 