GOULBURNI POLICE COURIT. SBATURDAY, JAoNURY 20 BEFone the polico-magistrato. James Lake was charged with kodping a ferocious dohn O'Brion dopoaod that the dog in quoetion was a small terrier, and had bittore'him and torn hie trousers. The information was withdrawn upon defendant promising to pay for the damage done to the trousers. Tore GoUcr.un" EAT-PRESeRVIOGn COmPANY. Account-sales from England are to hand by the last mail, from which it appears that largo quantities of this company's meats have boon sold at from 65d. to id. per lb.; and sales of 14,000 tino, equal to 84,0001b., to arrive have boon .effeooted at Gd. The latest telegram reports tbo latter figure to bhe the ruling prico. Those rates may be regarded as very antisfactory. The annual mooeeting of the company will be hold on WVodnosday next at the works. The retiring dirootors, Mossrs. Gibson and Finlay, and the retiring auditors, Mooers. Fox and Kirko, have given notion that they are candidates for re- election. No other candidates have offered themselves. Enorcao TaLnme Tun DoPARTeuNT.--Tho Goul burn station-mastor, Mr. J. V. Dalgarno, proceeoods to Sydney for a month, having offootod a temporary exobango with MIr. K. Mabokenio of the Sydnoy ofiloo. IfbsrrrAL MoETING.-Tho annual mooting of nub soribors to this instiution appointed to be held at the court-house on Monday. was adjourned till MIonday next, to be hold in the committoee room of the meoohanics' institute at 7.30 p.m. OCamICr.--VcronaT OLon v. Goeonone.-A match between the Goulburn and Victoria (Sydney) olnba is appointed to eomoe off on Friday noext on the Victoria recreation ground, Goulburn. The follow ing are the names of the players:-Viotoria-G. Flood,'J. Hinchey, M. Ahorn, E. and G. Parkinson, G. Fisher, W. G. Thompson, 0. Millangen, W. Rigg, W. Hooking, R. Fairweather, and W. Badler. Goulburn-S. H. Belcher, F. S. Cohen, 0. Ohis holm, D. Diokson, A. Donaldson, M. Faithfanll, E. Gilleaspio, S. Mooro, . Palmer, P. T. Riley, and 0\. RIt. Walsh; twelfth, B. Mawoson. SourrunN Joo(EY OCLun.-No mooting of mombers of this club has boon hold sinco its formation in June, 1870; and advantage might now well be taken of the presence of sporting mon in town to call a meeting forthwith, which might be considered the annual meoting, and at whiah oaffio-boarors might be elected for the year ending Juno next, and some steps taken towards the preparation of rulos for the guidance of the club. Ta? WTonom AT Goounrr. -- Of. late thn weather at Geulburn has boon intensely hot, several daysnranging as high as 100 in the shado. On Mon day evening however a heavy shower fell, and an hour or two later the atmosphere became much ooplor; and yesterday the thermometor had fallon no low as 106. Rain continues to fall gently. It was beginning to bhe much wanted both for maize and potatoes, as well as to prevent bush-fires and to extinguish one or two small ones that wore burning in different parts of the distriot. The wheat has been safely got in with very favourable weather for harvesting. The yield will be about the average or perhaps slightly above it. INoensT ow A FiRE.-On Monday the coronor hold an inquest at the residence of MIrs. Roboeoca Camp bell, Upper Tarlo, on view of the promises of Franois Trimlow, which had boon destroyed by fire on the previous Saturday. From the evidenoce it ap peared that travellers had boon in the habit of usoing the house which was untonanted, and it was sup. posed that on Saturday a fire had boon left in the firoplace. The jury returneod a verdict to the ellect that the fire originated through the carcoloesness of some person unknown. FOUND DEAD.—On Monday, Mr. Richard Clewitt, stonemason of this city, was found dead on the road about two miles on the Braidwood side of Tarago. We believe the cause of death is yet unknown; but there were no marks of violence on the body. Mr. Betts (the coroner) held an inques on the body at Bull's Inn, Tarago, last evening; but the result has not yet reached us. loAsoulo.-Last evening Brother J. V. Dalgarno was installed as Worshipful Mastor of the Geoulburn Lodge of Australia. Bnw Post OPoICES Will bo established at Carrick between Moaunaflold and Morowollon, and at Mon. darlo between Adolong Crossing and Taroutta. AInrPcTrnD BUrOLAnY. - Yesterday morning between two and three o'clock Ler. Tlcahuret of Oliatoen-stroot woa lying awaka looking at the falling rain and onjoing tho cool air, the atmos phoro hoaving boon very opprossivo during tile latter part of the day. Suddenly his attention was drawn to an adjoining room by his seon, four years old, calling out that a man was making an entrance into the room. Mr. Ticohurst at once ondeavourod to find out who and what they wore; but his seorch was only rewarded by a glimpse of two men retreat ing from the roar of the house. Thoseoscoundrels appear to have paid an unsucceossful visit to another house in the same neighbourhood previone to going to MIr. Ticehaurst's; and as we have had soveral canose of this kind of lato, persons should he careful in souring their doors and windows before retiring. PIEnoN-8SOoTINo.-On Monday next a fine pro gramme of pigeon-shooting has boon arranged to take place at the Victoria Reocreation-ground. The first prize conosisats of an ologantly-designed and ola boratlely-chased silver cup (which is now on view at Payten's Hotel), and stands ahoutnatnino Inehes high, value £10 10s. Second math, Weostloy Riohards twerlve-boero gun, with flttinga complete, and valued at twenty guineas. Following those ocomes handicap bshooting; and we hope our country oracks will practice well, put in an appearance on Monday, and keeoop the trophioes in the distriot, as the metropolitan eportsmon are expected to muster pretty strongly on the ground. On accountof the large number of birds trapped, a second cup, value £7 7e., will also be ehot for. This will be the hrst occasion, we believe, on whloh cups have boon shaot for at pigeon-matches in this district; and this fact will no doubt be the means of inducing an unusually largo attendance of the knights of the trigger. TiHE PERoLANENT MvUTUAL BENEFIT BUILDING AND INVESTHENT 8001oeTY.-The necessary number of shbares having boon taken, it has boon determined to open a branch of the above soeloty in Goulburn. This sooioty has beeoon in operation very suoceessfully for some years in Sydney, and it offora peculiar advantages to investors as well as to borrowers. INsoLveNor.--urrondcra-Thomas Rood of Ara luen, minor. Liabilities, £633 10s. 8d., of which £118 is. Od. in secured. Assetes,E £243. Mr. Hum phory, oflieolal assigneo.-Patrieck Cahill of Braid wood, blacksmith. Liabilitles, £472 15s. 7d., of which £156 17s. Od. is scoured. Asseotse, £294 8t. Mr. Maokenzio, official anssigneeoo. WVTrranAwAyL ow LAND FROn SALe.--Tho undor mentioned portions of land, advertised in the Govern mont Gazotto of thebo 29th ultimo (No. 312), for sale at the Goulburn police-offieo on thebo 31st instant, have boon withdrawn from sale, namely:-Lota O, D, I, J, and K, portions 64, 65, 47, 48, and .49, county of Argyle, parishes of Gurrunda and Wolo gorang. AAnnE.IDn.-Fnrliday.--Parliamn met to-day. Mr. Kingston has beeoon elected speakler. Shortly after his election the Governor arrived, and delivered the opening speoeh. It states that the roinforoomontn forwarded to thebo northern territory are so ample that the speedy completion of the work in connection with the tolograph is a matter of certainty. It also refers to the details of the arrangements which have boon made with the British Telegraph Company on aceoount'of the delay. His Exooelloency alluded to the recent discoveries of gold both in the north and in the south. The estimates are tobe brought forward at once; The revenue is said to be suflioant to meet the ordinary expenditure and for gradually reducing tho dofeeit caused by thebo ovor-expenditoro of previous years. It is proposed to bring about a consolidation of the publio debt at a reduced rate of interest, and to raisoe a further loan of £310,000 for thebo codatrue tion of the south-eastern railway, the completion of the overland telegraph, and the further drainago.of the southo-eastern distriot. Among theo promseod measures are an education bill, a land bill, an ineol vcney bill, a road bill, iand a bill to amend the oleo toral law.-A telegram reooived from Port Darwin by the government, and dated 2Oth December, states that all are well-that the season is wet; that the line has progressoed: but that the wor]c is now in terrupted. Mr. Minor had arrived at the hoper. Sales of wheat have taken place at 6s.-Saturday. The governmeht wore defeated last night by a ma jority of six, on an amendment for the appointment of a committoo to proparo an address pondemning a dissolution.-Nothing doing in corn market.-Tla-. grams to 8. T. Herald .. . . Now Z?aLAN..-.Vi Molbournoe.-Tho primato in his address at OChristoburoh said he hoped the churohes would adopt the rovisod lootionary.-Tho yield of gold from the Thames for the year is 35,086 ouncos.-Telegram to 8. K. Herald. MEtLnoUnRE.-Thursday.-Great oxoitomnet was cnusod this morning by an announcemont that the Prince of Wales had died. The orror arose from mistaking a' sigualfrom the steamor.-Goorgo Moss has beoon arrested, ohargod with having taken part in a fatal affray in the street, and struck one LMorrison, who has sineo diod.-Theowrook of the Looh Lovin, at King's Island fotohod £110.-Friday.-0aptain Collard was oharged at the police court to-day under the Moerohant Shippjing Act, with negligence in losing the Sussox. Captain Payneo wias examined, and the case stands adjonend until to-morrow.-The rommilsionor for railways intends to onforoa pen alties under the contract, if the first sootion of the north-eastern line be not completed within the con traot time- that is, not later than March 31.-Evory thing is very dull; but the weather is fino.-Tho mail news is considered favourablo.-A man named John Frazor was found lying poisoned in Little Bourko-streoot last night; and there has boon a sudden death at thu Spencer-straot railway-station. -The body of another man who belonged to the Sussox boat has boon washed ashore.-Saturday., Mr. .Ohilders writes asking relief from his duties as ageut-goneral whenever private affairs requiro his attention. It is supposed that this points to an an ticipated return to oflico.-Tho Age newspaper an noundos that there is to be a fortnightly mail sor vios by the P. and O. Company, and states that time- tables are promised to bo forwarded by the next incoming mail.-Tho evidence at the polina court against Captain Collard of the Sussox, wroekod at Borwon Heads, points to thu probability of his committal.-Tho English papors comment very fully on the Australian answer to Lord Kimberly's dospatoh.-Tolograms to Sydney daily papers. CouNTnY MeIe8sn s or REnLGION.-Latuly a lotter aignod Counterblast was published in the Wogga Wogga Advortisor in which it was stated that a minister of religion had paid a visit to the publio sohool and had smoked there in the presnooo of the children. The teacher of the school has denied this statement, and it appears to be altogether untrue. Only one clergyman visited the school on the day in question; and he, considering that his oharantor has boon traducoed, has threatened legal proceedings against the newspaper. The proprietor of the Adver tiser has expressed regret that the letter should have appeared and finding that the author was con nected with his establishmont, has dismissed him. FIVE PEOPLE KILLED BY SUNSTROKE.—It is our painful task to record the deaths of five people this week resulting from sunstroke. Tuesday and Wed nesday last will long be remembered as not only the hottest days experienced but the most unbearable, in consequence of the entire absence of the slightest breeze to relieve the frightful heat that scorched everything before it and was so fatal to human life. The first death we have to note is that of an old and respeected labouring man named Thomas Cannon, who worked for one family (Mr. Nowland's) for over twenty years. Deceased was attacked while at work in the Overton paddock on Tuesday last, but was so far recovered by Wednesday morning as to be able to proceed to Aberdeen, where he died the same day. His widow has been in strong hysterics, and at one time her life was despaired of. Three men were also attacked by coupe de soleil on the railway works be tween Wingen and Murrurundi on Wednesday, and succumbed to its fatal effect. A man named Hender son, an engineer and engine-driver, who has lately worked at the wool-washing and at Mr. Thrum's mill, was killed by sunstroke at Murrurundi last week. These five deaths have already come under our notice, and probably other cases have occurred of which we have not received information. A very old resident of Muswellbrook named Blackman was attacked by sunstroke on Wednesday last, but is now recovering. Clay, the mailman, also received a sun stroke yesterday, and now lies in a very precarious state under the care of Dr. Pierce.—Upper Hunter Courier. PRsnesYTEnRY o GOULUIN.--The Goulburn Presbytery mot by appointment in St. Androw's Churbch, Yass, on WVodnoesday last.. The rev. court was constituted with prayer.-Prosont-Rovu. Menssrs. Wm. Mackenzio, Macready, Gibson, and Grimm; and Mr. Wam. Mo loean, elder.-The minutes of the last mooting were road and conflirmed.-Tho Rov. Mr. Gibson reported that he had visited Wagga Wagga, according to appointment. and inducteld the Rev. Mr. Falconor to theb paostoral charge of that important sphere.-The Rov. Mr. IMacready having expressed his desire to be relieved of the oslie of clerk, theb Presbytery agreed to accept his resignation, and also agreed to request the Rov. 8. F. Maokencip to aot as clerk of Prosbytery.-Tho moderator's (the Roy. Win. Mackonzio) term of ofilco having expired, the Reo. John Gibson was appointed moderator for the following yaonr.-A converation then took place regarding the eiroumetances of the Tumut district, and the Rev. MIr. Gibson was requostod to spend a woolr in the distriot, and mal?o inquiry as to tbo desirability of sottling a minister thero to take the overasight of the many Presbytoriane of that locality.-It was agreed that the next mooting of Presbytery should be hold at Quoanboyan, on Wednesday, April 17th, of this year. Tho court was closed with prayer.-Yass Courieor. ALL.AnAT.-Boonday.-Anniversary sermons to the sone and daughters of temporance wore preschod to-day in tho Royal Alfred Hall. The congregation in the afternoon amounted to 1100 persons. The Rev. W. Kelynaek ofliciated. A colleootion for tho orphan neylum was' mado.--Telogram to 8. M1. Herald. WISEMAN'S B FERRY.—Friday.—A man whose name is unknown was yesterday found dead at Ma roota, on the Windsor road, by T. Bowcock, a drover. An inquest has been held, and a verdict re corded that death was caused by exposure to the sun. —Telegram to S. M. Herald. BlIsBAsNE.-Friday.-The business of the session has boon concluded this afternoon, and parliament will probably be prorogued to-morrow, optil the first week in April. Mr. Scott's motion for a com mittee on the northern railway was struck off the paper, and on the motion of Mlr. Lilloy a resolution was agreed to that a royal commission be appointed to sit during the recess, and to inquiro into the sub joet of railway extension and construction generally, the commission to be appointed from among the members of tho Assembly.-Tho Normanton tele gram of to-day states that the rain continues, that the rivers and crooks sro still flooded, and that mail communication is interrupted.-From Bowon it is stated that tbo Omoo sent a boat ashore at midnight on the 17th, and that Mr. Todd reports all well. \- Twelvo drays are reported on the road from Ravenswood to Normanby. Tho weather is mag nificont.-Mr.'Davidson, a clerk in the Commercial Bank, was drowned in the lrisbano River on Wed nesday night. His body has boon recovered to-day. -Tolegram to S. M. Herald. DREADFUL CASE OF BURNING.—An accident hap pened on Wednesday morning, by which two per sons were severely injured. A carrier named Wil liam Green, who had his wife with him, was camped near the Wambanumba dam, about five miles from Young, on the Marengo road. Green was on the top of the load, employed in putting up the bedding and other things while his wife was cooking the breakfast, when he heard his wife cry out" Billy, Billy, I'm burning." Without another thought he jumped off the dray, and found the lower part of his wife's dress enveloped in flames. His first impulse was to endeavour to extinguish the fire with his hands but in this he was unsuccessful and ulti mately had to got a blanket from the dray for the purpose. Green's hands were so badly burned that he had to procure the assistance of a shepherd, who fortunately was near, to harness the horse to a spring-cart which he had with him, after which they both managed to got the poor woman into the cart, and Green drove her into Young. Upon arriving in town both were admitted into the hospital, the wife as indoor and Green as outdoor patient, and were without delay attended to by Dr. Temple. The legs and lower part of the body of Mrs. Green are so severely burned that the doctor has very poor hopes of her recovery. Green is for a time quite disabled, his hands being so severely burned that when he ar rived in town with the cart the skin was found ad hering to the reins.—Burrangong Argus. MonuYA.-Thureday.-Mr. Henry Olarho, mem bor for Eden, arrived hero yesterday, and had an enthusiastic reception. He addressed his consti tuents at three o'clock. Mr. Flannagan, J.P., ooun pied the chair. When Mr. Olarke had finished his speehb, a vote of confidenooe in him was carried nnanimously. He was afterwards entertained at a publio dinner, at which one hundred persons were presoent.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. THE LAND BILL.-A meeting called by advertise ment to consider the new land bill was held at the Commercial Hotel, Wagga Wogga, on Friday after noon, Mr. William McIntyre, J.P., in the chair. The attendance, which was not numerous, consisted mostly of townspeople, it being stated that the farmers were too busy completing their harvest work conveniently to attend. The proceeoodings were therefore confined to a conversational discus nion of the measure, which all seemed to unite in condemning. A letter was read by the chairman from Mr. Hale, a free-selector near North Wagga, expressing on behalf of the numerous landholders in his neighbourhood their strong disapproval of the bill. Considering the smallness of the attendance, it was thought better not to adopt any formal resolo tion on the subject, but to leave it to the press to make known the general opinion of the meeting, and bring it under the notice of the local member. Advertisor. Sudden deaths have been painfully frequent dur ing the late intensely hot weather. Taking the adjoining district in Victoria, as well as this neigh bourhood, there have not been less than six or seven such cases in the last week or two. The latest cases are these:—A man in the employment of Mr. Whitehead of Corowa as a carpenter was sent on some work in charge of a horse and dray, but failing to return he was looked for, and his dead body was found on the roadside about four miles from Corowa. The second decease is that of Mrs. Frank of New town, who fell out of a cart on Thursday, and dis located her neck. An inquest was to have been held on Friday. It is curious that the first husband of Mrs. Frank some years ago was picked up dead near the same place, his skull being found to have sustained fatal injuries. It was conjectured at the time that he might have fallen from his horse.— Albury Banner. The seolf-acosed bigamist, J. T. V. Walker, has boon again brought before the Albury bonoh, and remanded to allow of the attendance of witnesses from Viotoria.-Gundagai Times. IMrPOUNEDo AT BsacDWOOD, On 11th January, from Larbore, by. MIr. John Bassingthwaighto; sum due, 12s. 6d. each:-Brown horse, switch tail, star and snip, like ML conjoined near shoulder, 6 years, 16 handse bay horse, long tail, star, off hind foot white, 8 ini cirlo near ohoulder, aged, 15 hands. To be sold let February. IrPouNDEn AT A?DeLoNo , on 12th January, from Adolong Croeek, by MIr. Irvino Crain; sum due, 9s. 3d.:-Bay horse, SA near.shoulder, star, near fore and near hind foot white. To be sold 9th February. IeerirONDED AT PIOTON, On 13th January, from Bargo, by Mr. Beams; sum duo set after each ani meal:-Bay horse, black points, WG sideways near shoulder, girth-marked, aged, 165. hands--s. 2d.; 'bay pony with slight mixture of roan hair, GQ near shouldor--6s. 7d. To be sold 8th February. IvIMPOUNDED AT oi0eLEY, on 9th January, from Rookloy, by C. Skinneor; sum doe, 12s. 4d.:-]Black maro, WO near shoulder, bald and snip, near fore and hind foot white; black mare, writing capital W over 0 near shoulder, near hind foot white. To be sold let February. I rpOUcDEo ? AT Ge~esELL, on 12th January, from Brundah, by J. Wood, Esq.; sum due, 12s. 6d. acah:--Blaek horse, SI near shoulder, SI near neask, collar-marked, aged, 16 hands; black horse, rn slant ing near shoulder, like ML (the I writing capital) blotched near neck, collar-marked, aged, 16 hands. To be sold slet F?ebruary. 