TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6 Before the police-magistrate and Captain Rosi. Nelly Antill, aboriginal, was charged with vag ranoy; Defendant had been living with Mrs. Antill for several years, and left on Sunday. She was found at the Limestone Creek, and said she was ill-treated, end afraid to go back. The Police-Magistrate told her if any one: ill treated her to make a complaint to Captain Zouoh or himself ; but not to go wandering about the bush. She was discharged, and Constable Buckley ordered to take her baok to Mrs. Antill's. Jane Stewart alias Crabtree was brought up for protection. Defendant had evidently been assaulted violently, and accused one Jane Evans of ill-using her. She was sent to the gaol hospital for fourdays, and proceedings ordered to be taken against Jane Evans. Esther Shelvoy was brought up for protection. Detoudent said she wanted to get assistance to go to bher husband, but did not know whore he weas. She came from Gundagai some time ago, and her husband had seen her as far as Jugiong, and then left her. Sent to gaol for one month, the police-magistrate stating that he would write to Mr. Ross, making in quiries after her husband. NEW SOUTH WALES ART-UNION.-Mr. F. L. Montogue is now in Goulburn for the purpose of bringing a distribution of prizes before the public of the district. The prizes consist of colonial nd soapes, by Mr. Montague, painted in oils, end hand uomoly framed. They will ho on view at Mr. H. S. Clarke's and at the Argue book store, and they are highly spoken of. Mr. Montaguo has been very sUcooseful with similar art-unions in Sydney and several of the country dsletrieta fand the 'te In which he explains his undortakinog are such as to commend it to all. An influential committee of local residents, including the polico-magistrate, Mr. A. Gibson, J.P., and Messro. Anderson and Russell have consented to superintend the drawoing. TIe AUSTRALIAN M?eCANIC AND JOURNAL OF Scr.NCE.-Wo have reeoived the first copy of a now publication printed in Melbourne under the above title. The opening articleo eanys that the proprietors "have determined to makoe nother attempt to lay the foundation of what they hope end anticipate will be a permanent mechanical and scientiflo journal in thoe Australian colonies." * * " " "Acopious summary will be given of such interesting discoveries and events as aro recorded in the pages of the British, American, and continental sciontiflo jour male. By a judicious selection of extracts, by con donsing the moot useful information therein given, :and arranging it in a popular form, tho readers of the Australian Mechanie will he feirly posted in. all the leading industries, discoveries, and inventions of the ago." The copy before en sooms to carry out these proposals faithfully; and we have much plea sure in recommending the now journal to the neotice of our eeiontilo and meehanical.friends. D DaAMATIo PeaRoR?sANcc.-Last evening a dra moatlo performance in aid of the funds of the Goul burn hospital was given in the hall of the mechanics' Institute by a number of amateurs, assisted by Ma dame Durot and Mr. Lo Roy. The pieces played woere a Wife's Trials, and Searching for a Manager. The attendance was fair and the audience seemed well pleased. The volunteer band played during the evening. NARROW ESCAPE.-A few days ago a young man, son of Mr. Angus McInnes of the Middle Arm, met with a nasty accident which might have proved more serious but for his presence of mind. He was in the milking yard, when one of the cows rushed suddenly at him pinning him against the fence, one of the horns penetrated the body to the extent of two or three inches, when Mr. McInnes seized the other born of the beast, and by main force throw its head on one side and thus saved himself from being torn to pieces. Under the care of Dr. Morton he is pro gressing as favorably as possible. AcconDNTs-A child to lls. O'Brien's of Spring Valley was severely scalded on Sunday afternoon. Mrs. O'Brion woas carrying a vessel of boiling water, when the child ran against her, causing the water to splash over the head, neck, chest, and back of theo poor little boy. Mrs. O'Brian at once started for Goulburn, and placed the child under the care of Dr. 'orton. Although the child has boon convulsed and lles in a procarious state, the doctor has hopes of its oltimate recovery.-On Thursday afternoon Mr. ,George Bnareoell of Cotta Walla, was returning +$home from Goulburn driving a horse and earl, and -when nearly opposite Bishoptborpo another eart drove against his, which caused it to upset. Mr. Bearchell's shoulder wan dislocated by the fall. He returned to town and was attended by Dr. Morton. ACcEPTED TENDEns.-Tho undermentioned ten doers have been accepted by the government:-Mr. D. Maoenamora: contracts 1, 2, and 3-72, great southern road, 3rd district, let division. Mr. J. Watorston: contracts 1 and 2-72, Goelburn to Queanboyan road. Messrs. J. Lonergan and J. Doyle: contract 3.72, Goulburn to Queanboyan road. Messrs. L. Purcill and G. Bradbury: con tract 4.72, Goulburn to Queanboyan road. Mr. G. Sparrow: contracts 5 and 6-72,,Goulburn to Quean boyan road. CROOKuWELL COrnTERY.-It is notified that the Governor has been pleased to approve of the appoint ment of the undermentioned gentlemen as trustees of the portions of the general cemetery at Crook well which have been dedicated to the religious dsenominations in connection therewith, viz.: Church of England : Messrs. George Gordon, Robert Plumb, Horatio Roberts, Thomas Wade, and John Warn. Roman Catholic: The Very Rev. P. Danne, Messrs. Win. Walsh and John Brode vick. Presbyterian: Massrs. Abraham Korshaw, John O. Henderson, and Wm. Henderson. Wes loyan: The Revs. H. H. Gaud, George Hurst, and Mr. George Wigram Allen. General burial. ground: Messrs. Joseph Whiting junr., Horatio ; Robortn. and John Howard. THE COsT or A GENERAL ELEC?ION.-The Sydney Morning Herald eays:-" Various rumoure are afloat as to the expense to which the country is put by a general election. We are in a position to state that the entire coat of the last general election was under £5000." We presume our contemporary means the cost to the public funds of the colony. It would be difficult to determine the cost to the candidates and their committees, all of which may be considered as no much money thrown away in the caro of an un necessary election. . Tuen Ray. W. KELYNACIK IN MELaOURNE.-A lecture was delivered on Wednesday evening inWees ley Church, Lonedale-etreet, by the Rev. W. ReKoly *neok of Goulburn. Notwithetanding the rain there was a crowded audience, and Sir James Me Celloch presided. The title of the lecture was " Christian Usefulness," and the object of the rev. lecturer was to impress on his hearers that the greatest, noblest, and in ever sense the best work in which a Christian tould enga , was to educate and save his follow men. .Bat he warned, them that, while to win men 'to Christ wrise the plainest Christian duty, it was the most difficult Chrietian achievement. The quall Sficationo to ensureo success in such a work wore numerous and complex. To .a man who aimed at idealing with the higheset intorests of his follows, of Fuall knowledge the most important was the knowledge Sof man., To save man was the grand idea that gave character to the life of our Saviour, and those who would follow in hie footsteps and aim at the moral elevation and religious culture of his follow-boings i eust hbe. filled with the same over-eietering sense of the preciousness of the souls of men. Those who .wished to do the Blater's work must imitate his spirit and his nots. Another grand characteristic avory chrietain worker should possess was the too rare quality of intense earnestoness. The same intense consuming earnestness that a man displayed In the acquisition of menoney should be displayed by the church of God for the acquisition of men. The cultivation of a spirit of love was all-important, and forbearanco, oself- denial, earnestness, and charity should be animated by an unehrinking tenacity of pirpose and effort that nothing could shake. Pooseseod of such qoalities, and an undoubting trust in God, the Christian worker could make his influence felt far and wide. He would not need Sgroat talents or great opportunities if he only used Sthe talents God had given him to a diligent improve ment of the opportunities that Providence afforded. The danger that threatened the church of chriotendom was not so much inaction as the fear lest the action a:should not be buptieed in the spirit of devotion. There was not enough of secret pleading with God. A unanimous voto of thanks was accorded the locturer on the conclusion of his address. The iproceeds of the lecture will be applied to the building Sfundsof the"Weoloyan ohurches at Brunawick and Went Melbouirno.-?lMolbourno Argue. T?n WESLEYAN Co?NFErnn?EcE-At its meeting at Melbourne on Thursday, a recommendation was . brought forward from the Goulburn dietrict meeting, asking the Conference to take into consideration the olaime on the fund for the support of super numeries and ministeors' widows of the Rev. J. Bowes. which caused a very longdeoate, and resulted io the following resolution :-"That the case of Mtr. Bowes be referred to the Rove. the president, J. Watlin, S. Rabono, G. Hurat, J. B. Watorhouse, W. Clarke, W. Curnow, and the chairman of the Goulburn and Maitland dietricts for consideration and report to tho next conference." HI?S?raonAL OAaAOE?.-A Chinaman travelling aerooa t'o bridge into Victoaria with a cartload of cabbages was the first individual who felt the re-im position of the border duties on Thursday last. On Dobeing stopped by the officer, John naturally looked u' pon the affair as an intended highway robbery, and there was some little trouble in undeceiving him. Tho treasury of Victoria was onriched by the sum of ninopence or so from a pro rata assessment upon these historical voegotables.-Albury Banner. CATo' OAnIOT 1UDEn.-On Thursday last the half caste, Edward Daley, was again brought before thbo bench. A cloud of witnesses wore exoamined and the evidence given by them was most minute and volu minous-so voluminouos that to publish it entire would takeo up thebo whole of our columns and from incessant reiteration only weary our readers. As far as we have soon or board the whole of the evidence tends to establish two point--viz., that a wilful murder had boon committed, and that the murderer or murderers must have boon intimately acquainted with the promises on which the unfortu nate woman resided. With regard to the first point there can be but little doubt, and the mass of evidence collooted to confirm it is most concluseive. With regard to tho second point the ovidence. is equally minute and conclosivo, thus ciroumseoribing the suspects to a very limited number. The fact that the investigations of the police have as yet been of littlo avail in obtaining oven direct ciroum ctantial evidence is, in patt, attributable to the extreme reticence (to the police) of persone whose evidence might be of the utmost importanoe (no matter what they tmay thinkh) in furnishing oa clue that may lead to successful results. Those peorsons who donot in every way give onnietnnco to the police in their researches are, in a manner, responsible for any future crime that may be committed, and desoerve that they should have an atroolous murderer of the character of the perpetrator of this deood at largo among thornem. On Thursday Daloy was romeranded to Friday and on that day finally discharged, the evidence being inosufficient to warrant hi, farther detention. He hnas boon incarceorated for flfty-threo days.-Manaro Times. M?nLnounNo.-Friday.-Tho speoial correspondent of the Argue at Echues says that no goods are coming oacross the IMurray the seasnon is dull, and there will bo noduties worth opeaking of for a length of timo, in consequence of the stocks that have alroneady crossed. A sum of £12 had beeoon paid to the Viotorian government for a cargo of red gum. This is the first duty. A later telegram says, nothing of imporltance has transpired in reference to the border duties.-Mr. Morton is oexhibiting an invention for tho prevention of bush- fires.o-Tho Nubia cleared with 99.786 ounces of gold, and 13,000 soveroeigns. Tolegram to S. M. Herald. A HonmnLo DEnATH.-Mr. Hartloy Holmoes, well known on the Darling, and recently woolecouring at Mooegiol, died on the 15th instant, reports the Hay Standard, after some wooee drinking. He wont from Booligal to Mosngiol on the box-oseat of the conoch, and had got to Peako's hotel, where he tumbled off the box and rolled on to the verandah. Ho had a gla.s of brandy and died about threeoo hours afterwards. About half-an-hour after death the body burst. The eight is describod oas having bdon awful. 1:o oas buried immediately, without any ceremony whatever. 