MONDAY, JANUARY 1. Before the police-magistrate. James Martin, a visitor from the bush, was fined 5s. for using obscene language in Verner-street. James Norris for a similar offence was sent to gaol for fourteen days in default of paying a fine of 40s. One man brought up for drunkenness was dis charged. INSPECTOR OF SCHOOLS.-Mr. G. O. Byrne has been appointed inspector of schools under the coun- cil of education. CRICKET MATCH AT COLLECTOR.—We understand that a match has boon arranged to take place at Collector on the 13th. instant between eleven of the Collector club and the Chisholm family, who muster pretty strong in number. CRICKET.—WESTERN v. SOUTHERN DISTRICT.—A match has been arranged to be played on Friday and Saturday next at Bathurst between eleven gentlemen resident in the southern districts and an equal num ber resident in the west. On the part of the south the following gentlemen have agreed to play:— Messrs. Belcher, Donaldson, Throsby, Shepherd, Payton, Palmer, Harper, J. Teece, and S. Moore. The number is expected to be made up from the following:-- M. Faithfull, W. Davis, Coombes, Ice- ton, and E. Gillespie. Most of the southern team will start by train at 11.30 to-day. INQUEST.—On Saturday, the coroner, Mr. Betts, held an inquest at Mr. Slater's inn at Crookwoll, on the body of James Bedoe, who died the previous day. It appeared that deceased, who was over sixty-five years of ago, was a shepherd in the em ploy of Mr. G. D. Hay, near Binda. Ho tools ill on Wednesday, and continued so till Friday, when it was decided to bring him into Goulburn for medical treatment. On the road however he became worse, and on reaching Mr. Slater's house at Crookwell he said he could go no further. He was then complain ing of a pain in his stomach. Brandy and water were given him and he was put to bed. Between five and six o'clock the next morning, Mr. Slater on going to the room found deceased lying on the floor apparently very much worse than he was the previous evening, and he shortly afterwards died. The medical testimony of Dr. Morton went to show that death resulted from inflammation in the bowels. The jury roterned a verdict accordingly. F?AL AccIDene.- -A fatal accidont occurred yes torday near Lynham'o, Third Creek, Pejar. A middle aged woman named Mrs. Deniohy was proceeding cross- country with her six ohildroenin a cart to join her husband, a minor at Hill End. The cart was driven by a man named Boyleos. When near Lyn ham's it got into a rut and was capsized. Boyles and the children escaped uninjured; but Mrs. Donichy was killed. An inquest will be hold to day. AcCIDeNT NEAR L.?.on.-On Saturday the 30th as Mr. Yeadon senior, of the Sugar-Loaf, near Tarlo, was going his rounds with the horse Young Samson in the direction of Laggan, when at Cotta Wolls the reins got entangled in his log, the horse shied and pulled him off heavily to the ground and broke his collar-bone. Ho managed to lead the horse a distance of two miles to Mrs. Hendorson's, when that lady kindly seant her eon with him to Mr. C. Boyd of Leggan, who reduced the fracture, and he is progressing favourably. TIE Cooa.k GAZeTT.r-We have received the first number of a second paper published at Cooma under the above title and brought out by Mr. J. L. Harris, late of Goulburn. It snoms to be a very credit able production so far as the literary department is concerned, and it is exceedingly well printed and has a very neat appearance. MIILLnANO 11oen.-Tho following letter has been handed to us for publication : Department oIa Lads, SydtAey '23rn Noremb.r, 1971. Sir-Referring to tho pttlouprcasenteot by you in behalf of thoe hoabrttts of Dohrp and Mi Olllbnnog, pplying for tile opoulng of road fIrom 3lillbaug towards tioulburn, I am dl recMtl by 3r. Secretaory w ilson to Infort. you that thle pplo cants hbae ceoooo by reserved r:ods and crown ludo s to tho rfoald ro d Collctor by Trango Logoon to Goulburn, nod that no proto olittiono ilt ne ad of tihe rool ion questio. I hnto the houour to bo, sir, Your mloot obedlent scrront, W.t' . bI. tIrll . M1. Aoroaudor, Eoq., M.L.A. Mt.uooo.-Thursduy.-To.day was the day of nomination. Tho only candidatoes proposed woro Myr. P1rkes and Mr. Joseph U. O'Connor of Sydnoey. Mr. O'Connor was not present. Mr. Parkes spok, fotar upwards of three hours. H declaored that he wast opposed to the now land bill of the present ministry, regarding it as a crude and unettetamonlike meauroe, ombodying no intolligiblo principle, framed in view. of the interests of particular classes and individuale, and not calculated to promoto the general interests of the people. Ile made somo striking rovelations with respect to the formation of the present ministry. After ridiculing the attempt to establish a standitg army, he characterisoed the acts of the ministeorli dplegates in reforenco to the border duties as bung ling and discreditablo. lie also condemned the combination of individuals in the ministry on the ground of their dillferent vioewsnpon important poli tical queostion. On a ashow of hands being called for, 200 were uphold in favoui of Mr. Panrkes, and toen only for Mr. O'Connor. It was, therefore, do. clared in favour of Mr. Parkes. [A poll was de manded for Mr. O'Connor. It was to take place yesterday, Tuesday, January 2.]-Saturday, 10 a.m. -Mr. Parkes was badly received by the people in tho streets of Gulgong yesterday. The majority of those who wore opposed to him are not on the roll. There are only 127 electors in the entire Gulgong district. LH is sure to have a manjority. The boll man, in convening the meeting loot niight, was groaned at.--6i p.n.--lr. Parlkes addressed a meeot ing of 4000 persons last night at Gulgong A mob of sixty or seventy, many of whom had recently ar rived from Now Zealand, kept up i continuous up roar, in which tie shouts of "O'Barroll," acni " Treason Felony Act" wore wildly mingled from the beginning to the end of his address, which lasted upwards of an hour. A resolution in favour of Mr. Parkos was carried by a show of hands of 3 to 1. Telegranms to S. M. Hierald. DISCOVERY or A MccURDERt COcmTTEDrrn Nev. tIccBclancc 'Tu'lllec Yc:Aus Aoo.-It will doubtless be within the recollection of the public, says the Colonist of the 20th instant, that considerable ex citement arose here about three years ago, upon the discovery of the dead body of a little boy named Frederick Wildomacutl, whose parents reside at the German Station, a short distance from the city. The child had been sent to look for some cattle which had strayed in the bush, and not returning before darik search was instituted, which led to the discovery of his body. The little follow had beyond doubt boon most brutally murdered, for when picked up it was seoon that his head had been battered in by a blunt woapon, and his brains were scattered all round about. The place where the foul deed was com mittlled was not far from the child's residence; bat although every possible effort we believe was made by the police at the time to discover the perpetrators no clue could be obtained, and the murder remained a mystery up to the present day. It was however always said by the people living in the neighbour hood that the crime was committed by cc blaokfellow, and was supposed to have boon done out of revenge for some real or imaginary injury suffered by one or two aborigines in that locality. One had boon shot at and killed by a publican; and another it was al leged had received some very severe treatment at the hands of some other person. These things, it was contended had led to the cruel deed by which little Wildomutt's life wan sacrificed. The affair caused much sensation, particularly in and about the Ger man Station where the child was well-known, and generally liked. The police being unable to find out anything about it, wore at the time vehemently ac cused of supineness and indilfforence, also with stupidity; and their feeble efforts to discover the author of the crime being unsucceeosul, were much complained of by the friends of the parent of the murdered child. It would appear that some Germans have since unceasingly persevered inl making efforts to solve the mystery; and have at last obtained some evidence which if sustained, will beyond doubt fix the guilt on the head of a well-known old black fellow, who goes by the name of Jockey. This cunning old rascal, who it is said bears a very bad character and is suspected of a great many offences which it would be difficult to legally prove against him, was brought cup at the city police court this morning. Ieo was given in charge to the police by two Germans, one of whom. is, we understand, Mr. Mullor, who resides off Crook-street. The informa tion he and one or two others have obtained is im portant-but should not at present be made public. The case was remanded for a wooeek to give time to the police to make further inquiries. QUALrFcIeAToss nOna BUeau PEAcOCIEcIts.-The Yass Courier has the following remarks in an article valedictory to Archdeacon Lillingston :-" If, when asked to speak at the religious meetings (as he car t inly will be on his arrival in London) Archdeacon Lillingston will only plead for the necessity of good brooding and common sense being made missionary essentials, he will do Australi a service. Ho has had so much bush experience, that he can explain how impossiblo it is to hopo for religious success so long as bush preacheors aro (as they too frequently aro) half-educated mon, who foolishly presume that a moderato cquaintanceo with a few theological toext books is ouflicient preparation for the ministry, and that their title, by courteoy, " reverend," will, as a matter of courseo, tend to the bestowal upon them of roverence. An Australian bush district is not like the dead level of a Beorkshiro hamlet. To talk " namby-pambyism " may suit obhw-bacons, but it is woreoo than nonsonso to shrewd " roughs " whoso wits have boon sharpened by a lifo of advon turo. To win one's way with such material some thing beyond milk-and-water treatment is required. If he will only plead for tho necossity of the xistoncoe in colonial clergymen of these things in tact, good brooding, and oommonsoneo-ho will, we repeat, do Australian protestantinsm service." A COutovs OAus:o on INsoot.voL ;c.-A Molbourno paper states that an insolvent, who is evidently a man to be pitied, ossigns as his cause of insolvency " having married it woman in Adulaido, and being compelled to pay £250, amount of debts contractod by her while singlo."--[Moro men become insolvant through debts contracted by their wives after mar riage.] FuooInet ACT.-About the middlo of yosterday WTallace, who occupies a small farm within eight of Young, on the road to the Throe-mile, not liro to somo wheat-stubble in the paddock for the purpose of burning it off. A moment's consideration might convince any person that it would be much easier at this time of yoer to kindlo a fire in stubble or long grass than to extinguish it; and so it proved. \Val looe found it impossible to confine the fire to the portionof ground which he wished burned ; and the cosoequonce was that several panels of fencing wore burned, as well as a small stack of hay, and it was only with dillioulty that a heap of Wheat, which had just boon thrashed out, could be saved. Too much precaution against firo cannot boused in .weather eich as we have at present, and when the vegetation is so dry that a spark carolessly dropped may have the effoot of setting a whole country in a blaze. Burrengong Argus. A RoIstaocs.-The Armidalo Telegraph says that rather an amusing story has recently boon going its rounds, not a hundred miles from armidale. It ap pears that a parsimonious young gentleman who has hitherto boon engaged in the vocation of teaching the young idea in one of the rising townships of Now England, not long since became enamoured witn the woods of a gushing young widow, and the fates favouring the delicate mortal as may be expected, the blissful onchantment became mutual. To com pleto matters, as it is stated, the favours of fortune were bestowed upon the frugal son with sumptuous richness. The Christmas holidays having arrived, our hero essayed forth a-la-mode to a neighbouring town-whore it was settled the nuptials should be duly celebrated-to arrange for the successful termi nation of the afnfire do coiur and to consult his legal advisor as to the inheritanooe. The enamoured young man, after witnessing the "lions " of the town, whilst queffing a " pewter " at one of the loading " pubs," and pondering within his mind the happiness of the future Benedict, was suddenly accosted by a worthy individual who, always professing to have a " follow fooling," introduced himself as Constable Laugh hearty, and after reading the description of a re spectable bank defaulter, Constable Laughhoarty courtoously invited the hern of our story to partake of her MaIjosty's hospitality. The hero, with considerable amaznment, was duly conveyed to free lodgings by the " son of 00 gun that loves some fun." It so happened that Sergeant Plucky was in town and lnow the " Tallan " and at once went to the rescue of the "innocent abroad." During the temporary confluoment, however, a "ohange came o'er his dreams ; " for immediately after his release he started offil and has not since boon heard of, leaving his " loolish fancy " to muse over her simplicity, and repino in thifiking " her love was labour lost." A HItst.-Tho morality men are on the right streak now. Instead of putting their hands in their pockets and calling upon Jupiter, they are putting their hands into their pockets and building a model lodging.houeo. They seem to appreciate the close relationship there is between dirt and vice-betwooen inner and outer foulness. Dirt and degradation run together so closely that if the first be scraped off some of the other may go with it. The self-respect of the loafer will hbe raised, or may even be generated, if he perchance finds himself once clean. There has boon no more praiseworthy or practical effort than that of which I write; and it possesses the rtaro merit of the promoters proving their sincerity by spending their own money instead of sonding a whining deputation to a minister to milk tbo treasury cow and acquire rome little notoriety for bonovolence at a cheap rate. -.- gles in the Australalinn. J.'cute.-SIt:tco?'os' t1leoTInro.-1'Pursuant to adver tisoment a mcoting of free-solectors was hold at the Royal Hotel, Coooma, on Saturday afternoon, " to coisider the provisions of the noew land bill and to protest against certain of its clauses." Thero wore about fifty present, the choir being occupied by the proeident of the Free-Salectors' Association, Mr. Smith, who otated that the bill now before the Logic Inlivo Assembly was entirely unsuited to the require ments of the colony ; the old bill had its faults, but the one now proposed aggravated the very faults which had boon represented by them in a potition seont to the Logislativo Assembly last year. He would road that petition, and they would soe that it did so. The sopeatker also read the soveral resolu tions which had been prepared, briefly commenting upon each. The following were successively pro posed, seconded, and unanimously curried: T'1c e nlceeltnin g Ilo Ipressed with tile benefits that would bconferred on the colony by niU lUltahble cjuetelnent ald simplinfetion of the tcawe relatling to crown lands, lnast eo Iphlticllly codenlnms the land bill eow before the Legl.lttlve Assembly It belg, tol thee olloioc of tlhosu prcesent, calculated to naggraiate tlhe evils of oh'htll they now complalin. 'hlat tlinmeoltong protests agaiect the Ionopoly In the per ceucs of larg bluckhs of polbllc ltands wcicl the bill under co. hloeratlon proposes to give to one class of thle community, wile all others are restricteld to an area whllch, o l a pastoral distric, its insecleiote flr tle decent monutenatoce of a family. That thlIs leltlng expresses a hopo thlat tIle attentilon of all selectort throughol t the colony mnay be dtrected to tte fate of conditional purclhasers uoder 320 acres Should thoI proposed bill become law, they eoult soon bo deprived of thelir pre elnptlive, cl coeld Iot Cdoill aly back lytnd at the rcducedl pricu of ye ter acr. This nlectlllg would nlso draw atteutiou to tie dlsproportioulte amount reqluired to bh expended i icm eroremoets lIy tlu ocondtloeal purchaser and the pastoral o csteaid purchaser-the forclcr 13s. Od. per acre on ehis Innalxhnul of 1?B0 acres, whle tile latter Is only required to toy ant 7s. Od. per acre0 and car take 160000 acres. 'b'het this octing expreosses its disapprobantlon t the folly of dpplyion toe etllne rule. nod regculations to a purely pastoral dlstricts--ouch as MInaclro-anld a rich agricultural district, crlciec a cnuh elnnalier quantity of laud cny be requiretd. 'tlat this meetlintg eaondelnn cod looulrs wit the greatest Iistrutat on a bill propotung to plaoe such excessive dluecretiou rey power in tile ands of tne millister for lotands. ilhat the following gecltlemen be appointel d to draw up a petition ice Rceordance with tile foregoing resolutions, cand have the sale circulated tlhroughout the district for signature: ''. f. tteuy, Thloe. Lynch, J. AtnIc, t. J. Smitt, t. ,telof fcle, ohllke, and the mover. The secretary (Mr. Ioney) oaid that the petition would be prepared without loss of time, and copies forwarded by Wednesday's post. He trusted that strenuous exertions would be made by those inter osted to secure as many signatures as possible. A vote of thanks having boon proposed to the chair man and secretary, and duly acknowlodgod, the mooting separated. -Cooma Gazetto. AomTON1sou1N LEAPS.-An incident occurred the other day which affords a good illustration of what a horse is capable of doing under the influence of fear. Among an unbroken mob of horses sold in Messrs. I. and W. Oakes's sale-yards on Thursday last, was a fine chosnut colt, which exhibited such a vicious proponsity for kicking and was otherwise so unmanageable, that its purchaser (Mr. W. IMoclkett) found it necessary to run the animal into the crush at MIosers. Cobb and Co.'s establishment before it could be brought to a proper state .f submission. Tho crush is a narrow enclosure just sufficiently largo to permit a horse to move in, and hero the wildest animals are often handled with little or no trouble. This, however, did not prove the case in the present instance. The moment Mr. Mocokett's horse found itself confined it began to manifest cer tain playful symptoms, and showed absolute terror when any endeavour was made to approach it. After several efforts, the breaking-in bridle was thrown over the animal's head, and the colt then ap peoared to grow almost mad with fear. Rearing up on its hind logs until it assumed nearly a porpendicue tar position, it jumped into the air, and cleared the front of the crush, which was nearly seven feet high, at a single bound. The spectators were naturally astonished at witnessing the leap; but their astonish mout greatly increased when the horse, upon again being put into the enclosure, repeated the jump. The animal at last grow so exhausted that it allowed the bit to be fastened in its mouth, and the rest of the tackle was fixed on without much difficulty. Bathurst Timnes. Tau WEATHoR AT YOUoo.-The heat for the few days preceding Christmna-day was almost intolerable. On the 22nd the thermomoter registered 102 and on the 23rd, 103 in the shade at the post-offico,in a comparatively cool spot. On the 2.lth (about mid day) we had a little lightning and thunder, and a light shower of rain, which had the offset of cooling the atmosphore, and makling the holidays somewhat enjoyable. On Christmas-day the maximum rouheod by the mercury was only 87. Accounte have reached us of bush-fires in the neighbourhood of Marongo, at Burramundra, near the Forboes road, and in the Bland country. Last week there wore oxtensive fires at Meosers. Chisholm and Churoh's, and also Meosars. Burrott's at Eurola. At the latter place about a mile of fencing was destroyed. Wheat harvest may be considered finished. On some farms the crops is oxceodingly heavy, but we have hoard that rust shows in a few places; altogether, how over, if present reports are to be relied upon, the crop may be pronounced as good beyond the average. A good fall of rain, to freshen up the grass and the crops of maize and potatoes, is much wanted. Belrrannone Armna. TLE i RETI ERoe oM O EARL BELMORE AND TItE AroPI'INTNT OF SIR ? EHCULES RooINSONw-Tho following notice has been published in the Inzoeto:-Colonial Socretary's office, Sydney, 27th Deceomber, 1871.-His Excellency the Governor diroots the publication for general information of the following despatch from thbo principal secretary of otate for the coldnies, notifying the appointment of Sir Horculus Robinson as his Excolloney's successor in the government of this oolony.-John Robertson. "Downige-stroet, 3rd November, 1871.--My Lord, Your lordship having intimated to me your desire that I should advise her M\ajesty to relieve you from tho government of Now South Wales in the early part of the coming year, I have thbo honour to in form you that her IMajesty has been graciously pleased to approve thbo appointment of Sir Hercules Robinson, the present Governor of Coylon, to be your successor in the high offieo you now hold. I am not at present able to state the prooise time at which Sir Heorcules Robinson will proceed to Now South Wales; but I hope to be in a position to do so at an oerly date. I gladly avail myself of this op portunity to assure your lordship that her MnIjosty's government have not failed to recognise the ability and the success with which you have administered the government which you are about to relinquish. -I have, &o.;, Kimberley. Governor the Right Honorable the Evnl of Bolmoro. BurS-FaIRES NEAR WAOGA WAOGGA.-We rgret to learn that during the past week an immense deal of damage has been osutained in the distriot from the offoots of bush-fires. One-third of the ?oarar run has boon burnt bare and, as thbo grass upon it was fully three foot in height, very great diflioulty was experienced in saving the shooeep, though-thanks to the energy of the manager and the men engaged by him-this was at last safely no. complished. Eleven miles of fencingwas destroyed ; but, as the grass on the unburned portions of the run was most luxuriant, this will represont the total lose. On Mr. Hammond's Juneo run four miles of fencing have boon destroyed; Mr. Todd, of North Junte, has lost three miles; and a similar quantity also has boon destroyed on the Coolamin Holes run. The back of Ganmaio, and from thence down to Hay, nearly the whole of the back country has boon burnt. Groongal, Boenrombab, North Yanoo, Medium, Cowl Cowl, and Illilliwa, have all suffeored more or loss. Buddygower has been completely swept ; and Tomora, Wyalong, and many other runs have also boon partially burnt.-Exproes. A most astonishing foeat was porfdrmed on Thurs day by a man and horse from Bunduloor, South Australia (the Guardian state1). The man was doa patched from the station exactly at a quarter to four a.m. to goto Dr. Bain'e house in Clare to procure some ilstruments, and he was told the case was urgent, and was allowed until nine o'clock to return. To the utter astonisbmont of every one, including no doubt himself and his hore, hbe dashed up to the door at seven o'clook, having ridden the distanoa theor and back, sixty miles, in three hours and a quarter. Fifty miles of this diatance was performed by one horse, which is none the worse for its tearing gallop. This is the greatest exploit of the kind we over heard of, and the truth of the particulars is unu questionable. 