BAPTIST UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. THE business meetings of tho annual session of tho Baptist Union of New South Wales were held yesterday, in tho Bourke-streot Church, Woolloomooloo. Tho Rov. A. W. Webb (chaiiman of the Union for the eBBUing year) pre- sided. The following ministers were present ! Tho Revs. J. Greenwood, M.A.,A. Burdett, G. Sheppard, F. Hibberd, P. Lane, R. C. White, J. Ingram, T. Robey, J. H. Hinten. ïhe Newtown, Bcurke-street, and Wallsend English Baptist Churches wero admitted into the Union. The Rev. JAMES GREENWOOD moved,-" That the sin- cere and earnest thanks of tho Union be given to tho Rev. A. Burdett for his services ns chairman during the past year, Mr. Burdett had magnified his offlco and made it honour- able." The Rov. PHILIP LANE seconded the motion, and it was unanimously agreed to. The Rev. G. Sheppard was elected secretary of the Unitn. The SECRETARY read tho roport of the Union for the past year. The report stated that the committee had watched over the welfare of the denomination, and had endeavoured to conserve its interests. Whilst they be- lieved the Union exit Ung was never so living as at präsent, they also thought that the churchos were never freer to pursue their individual work unhampered by ex- ternal ecclesiaeticiem. They had taken, as far se possible, precautionary measures for preventing the recognition of unauthorised mon OB ministers of the churches ; and for the future appli- cations for registration OB licensed by tho Government to celebrate marriages would bo made through tho Union. They could not shut their eyes to the fact that the spiritual condition of the churches, as shown in the reports of in- crease, was far from satisfactory, and thay earnestly urged increased prayer, personal consecration, and activity. With the increased wealth of the colony, they hoped that a far ampler remuneration would bo given to the pastors of tho churches, and more liberal help afforded to missionary enterpiises. The SECRETARY also read reports from most of the churches connected with the Union. Tho report from the Bathuist-street Church stated that affaira bad prospered during the year. There had been some improvement in the attendance at services, and an increase of thirteen church members. The various classes and societies had been continued. Reference was also made to the Educa- tional Institute formed for training young men for the ministry, in connection with tho Baptist churches of the city and tuburbs. The report from the Harris- street Church showed a clear increase of seventeen members ; the finances were improving, tho Sunday-school growing, and the general agencies of the Church had been well sus- tained. A new church had been erected at Newtown, and of the cod (£1540) £950 had ' been met by subscriptions. The Newcastle Church WOB moro prosperous, but tho debt on the building was felt to bo a great ineubns. At Araluen and Moruya Mr. Llewellyn was labouring with encouraging success, although many of the diggers had left the locality for moro promising gold- fields. There was a Welch as well as an English Church at Lambton, the latter being indebted to the extent of £00. The Mait- land Church had almost ceased to exist, and the doors were now closed. The Smithfield Church waa supplied by the Lay Preachers' Society. The Church at Bathurst had admitted eighteen additional members to its communion, and it had six preaching stations attached. A new church was being erected at Kelso, on land presented by Mr. Thomas Kite. The Rev. J. H. Hinton was still labouring at Orange, and he also supplied seven preaching stations. The congregation was beginning to fill the chapel at Hinton, and increasing in- terest was being shown in the ministry of the Rev. John Ingram there. The attendance at the out-stations was also encouraging. The church at Wallsend had been enlarged during the year. The Rev. T. Robey, late of Gayndah, Queensland, had entered upon the pastorate with encourag- ing prospects of usefulness. The Bev. J. QUEENWOOD moved,-"1. That a model trust deed be printed and published with tho report of the Union this year, for circulation among the churches, with a view to its full discussion and adoption at the next annual meeting. 2. That instead of a schedule of doctrine thoro bo inserted a statement holding tbo doctrines of the sinful ness of man, tho notd of tho Holy f-pi'tit for conversion, the divinity of Jesus Christ, and atonoment for sin by His death, the divine inspiration of the Bible, the resur- rection of the body, rewards and punishments in a future state, and tho baptism of believers only by immersion. 3\. 1 bat n committee bo appointed to prepare tho deed for publication, such committee to ooneiet of the chairman, tho Btvs. J. Greenwood, F. Hibberd, T. Robey, Mr. T. Palmer, and Mr. J. H. Palmer." Tho thank's of the Union were given to the Rev. A. W. Webb for his services as secretary. On tho motion of the Boy. F. HIHBEIID. the Bev. G. Sheppard woe nominated chairman of the Union for 1873-4. On the motion of the Rov. A. BIIIDETT, the Secretary was instructed to write to the Private Secretary of his Ex- cellency the Governor, with a view to obtain the sanction of his Excellency to the formal presentation of Ministers of the Baptist denomination at levees, in common with clergymen of other religious bodieB. Ihe Secretary read the report of the Baptist Educational Institute. The Institute had held thirty-six meetings, and thirty-two sermons, papers, or essays had been read There were twenty, two students, with an average attend- ance of fifteen. There was a marked improvement in Fnglish composition and power of thought observable in the pape ra. A clatB for tho study of English grammar had been formed, and another for the study of Latin waa about to be started. Seme discussion took place on the question as to whother the Baptist Denomination should accept from the Govern- ment grants of land for the purpose ef building places of worship thereon. Tho viows expressed wero almost uni- formly opposed to accepting grants of land for Denomi- national purposes, chiefly on the ground that to do so would be to accept State aid to religion. One gentleman stated tbat the Church of England and Bomen Catholla Denomi- nations not only obtained land for churches, but also for day and Sabbath schools, and in that way obtained Government endowmett for Denominational education as against the Public school system, which was now tho law of tho land. Ihe establishment of Denominational schools was in this way facilitated, and the children of Nonconformist Chris- tians were thus absorbed in them in Bparsely popu- lated localities, and deprived of the advantage tf Fublio school education. The last Synod of tho Church of England had declared that they meant to push Denominational schools right and left ; and it therefore behoved tho Baptist body to do all in its power to uphold tbo Public school system as against sectarian education. On the motion of the Rev. A. BURDETT, the Beve. James Greenwood, A. W. Webb, and G. Sheppard wore appointed a deputation from tho Union to wait upon the Congrega- tional Union at its next session, with a view to confer with them Ion the subject, and to secure, if possible, united action. In the [ovening, the annual meeting was held in the Bathurst-Btreet church, when the chairman, the Bev. A. W. WEBB, delivered the subjolnod ADDRESS. I thnnk you for the expresión of esteem and confidence im- plied In my election to the ofllco of your chairman. I must con- fess that, whilst I wenld by no means underrate its honours, I feel that they oppress mc les» by far than Its responsibilities Theec culminate in tho address which I am now expected to deliver. You expect DIT utterances to be Indicative of wisdom, freighted with devout thought-eicitivo of humility, stimulating zeal, and ministering to general profit I trust in the Master for the necessary equipment to fulfil In some small measure your espectations. Before proceeding lurther, I must congratulate you upon having incorporated in tbo Union, with one exception, every church hearing the name of Baptist. I compare the united con- dition of our body with the condition In which it was when first, nine years ago, I took my place amongst you. Surely thcro is reason for thankfulness to God that our efforts towards a better state of thing« than then existed hav c been crowned with such nicies«. This has not been the result of any unworthy compro- mîtes in matters of Dil ine truth, but to the growth of the spirit of forbearance and a determination to work together, notw nh standing acknowledged differences of belief, so far as such co- operation was practicable My honoured predecessors in office have been wont to Introduce their interesting and Impressive addresses by a review of the condition of tho European world. They were fully justified in such a course, for their term of office fell in times so momentous that the great movements which filled tho world's eye wero not to be warrantably passed unnoticed Bnt at such ever accelerating paces do tbo world's politics proceed that although two years ago we could think of nothing but war, now all the earth is quiet and at peace. This j car has been one of such comparative uncvcntfulncss that as wo look upon the bushed scene wo can hardly realise ita facts. May wc not rcjo'co in tho fact that, whether through rivera of blood or plains of peace and plenty, our God is conducting affaira to the iseuo of old predicted, and long expected. The bonron of the future glows in the light of Divine promises, with the dawn of a day that knows no breaks of storm, no vengeful passion wreak, or unscrupulous warfare, but everlasting peace. Leaving, then, the Antipodean world, my remarks to-night will be confined chiefly to our position as colonists of New South Wales Our position as colonists has its advantages and its di - advontages. Vie have ruptured tics most tender to adventure ourselves in the midst of circumstances novel and exciting Our dangers arise from the spirit of radicalism which a position necessarily creates Breaking away from the oppressive preju- dices, the antiquated customs of our foicfathcrs, that I may excuso myself lrom cither reviewing at length it» event«, or ha/aiding a (peculation upon the political future of this lnterest Irg planet of ours Our position reminds mc of the morning after a terrific Btorm. At íniunight we looked from our casement, and saw the outer darkness at intervals and momentarily broken by tho lightning, which revealed above tho masses of inky clouds, and below the trees wrestling like doughty giants with tho tempest's wrath Whilst the deluged earth glistened in the land light like molten lead, and tho " surge most swollen " bellowed its symphony on the rocky ledges of the shore. And the morning ? It broke so stilly, so bright, so warm, that as, at noon, we looked over the now bloom- ing land, and the gently heuvmg sea, wc could scarcely believe tho testimony of our senses, so great the change, so short tho period And to with the political world. The raging storm revealed in the sharp sententious utterances of an electric wire only two years ago, is followed by the return of "gentle peace" We may become so intolerant of what is old, as to lead us to cast off the yoke of the true and the useful, and in our excessive fond- ness for novelties adopt what is not only burdensome, but perni- cious. It will be well for us to cherish that veneration for the old land and its precedents which its history claims for it. Its natural strength has not abated, nor is its eye dim, but the blossoms of mature wisdom are in the hoary hair, and it becomes the young Australian to reverently rise in the presence of her sire. We must evince more of the spirit of the first emigrant who, though moving under Divine guidance, made Haran a resting-place till Terah and the ties to be represented in him were gently loosened. Though we cannot justify the faithful Abraham in such a delay, we do not wonder at it. And can it afford matter for wonder if we linger im spirit and affection about a land so worthy of our love as Britain ? Whose history is so rich a bequest of honourable progress, of battle for right against might-whose every foot of land from Ultima Thule to the Land's End is fraught with memories of con- flicts and victories which the world will not willingly let die. Is it a wonder that, only half conscious of the love-spell which it exercises upon us, and the latent but honest pride wo feel in the conviction, we spontaneously call It " Home !" No ; for it is the ethnic home, small as it is, of a race fast covering the earth with the signs of a progress which is more than material, and long may our children gather tho inspiration which lingers about the utterance, " I am a Briton I"-and may those mysterious forces which we derive from a strange yet wisely ordered complexity of race, yet in the main making for virtue and honour against vice and falsehood- may these forces be transmitted as a legacy, aug- mented in the trust, to our children and our children's children. But if England has a civil history with which wo would fain be linked it has also an ecclesiastical history, and I have read that history wrong if we, as Baptists, have not something worth inheriting from our sturdy Puritan ancestry-something that will invigorate our hearts in any conflict wo may wage calling forth exercise of patience and forbearance. What the England of the nineteenth century owes to Nonconformists-of whom the Baptists have formed neither an inconsiderable nor disloyal part-the impartial historian well knows. And though now, the battle once begun in weakness, or only tho strength of right, and con- tinued through reverses and successes, is nearly won, yet we cannot forget tho history of the conflict. No 6ublimer exempli- fication of heroic self-sacrifice, of leonine courage, can be found than lives of Knolly and Keffni, of Bunyan and Gifford and Hardcastle, and men of their time afford. "We can die" we hear them saying, "but we can never cease with might to oppose giant forms of religious wrong." We will not, we can not forget that we are British Baptists. But we are colonists. This great land lies before us, and we have to replenish and subdue it. Its aboriginal tenants have given us but little trouble in wresting from their hands a treasure, the value of which they knew not. It is ours, materially, to unearth its rich lodes of metal, with plough and harrow to till its fat surface, until its tea-tree swamps and its alluvial flats are covered with laughing harvests of corn and wine and oil. It is a fair heritage, fairer than our woad-stained forefathers had fairer than our Puritan ancestry found at New Plymouth. And it is ours ! Yes, to live in, to develope it, to educate our children in it, to richly enjoy it, and at last, if God permit, to yield our bodies to its trust. Aye, It is ours-but for something more than this, if we are Christian colonists, true to the remembrance of what other colonists of our own faith have done : colonists too whose position was very parallel to our own. By the remem- brance of a people whose history may be told in no very cultivated phrase, and with a strong natal accent, but who can give us sapient counsel—our American brothers. Let us not say our work is done when the forest trees aro levelled, when the reticulations of golden veins are explored, when our vast coal-fields are yielding their inexhaustible wealth, when a harvest of good luck is garnered. By the remembrance of the hardy backwoods preacher, who carried two axes, ono of which he laid to the roora of the trees, or with it dave asunder tho bear's skull, and with the other (the Word of God) hewed down proud impenitent hearts-by the remembrance of tho men who to the little congregations of in- fantile America, through snow of winter and heat of summer, fought their way—men who endured hardness for Christ—men who knew no material wealth could compensate for a lost soul men with slender education, but large " nous," and of vast wis- dom—men who valued principle above their lives,—by the re- membrance of such colonists as these, who laid the foundation of our denomination in America, now representing in its adherents eight millions, or one-fourth of the people-I challenge you not to forget that whilst you are colonists you are Christians, and that of a race to whose instincts you are not true if you do not by the same self-denying toil seek tho salvation of your fellow-sinners as of first importance, and, whilst giving clear testimony to your distinctive principles, take your share in making the wilderness glad, and the desert to blossom as tho rose. I therefore shall occupy your time for a little while this evening in speak- ing of the work, duties, and prospects of Australian Baptists. Our work differs materially from that of our forefathers and brethren, our contemporaries in Britain. They were and are Non conformists, protesting against a principle which they believe iniquitous and unwise—the alliance of State and Church. A principle violating the plainest teaching of Holy Scripture, and therefore iniquitous; franght with mischief In dally experience, and therefore unwise. In this land, however any one Church (in violation of tho precept and spirit of the Master) may assume airs of superiority over another, tbo law recognises all as equal, none as dominant. Religious conformity secures neither immu n.tieB from suffering nor endowments of temporalities, and It ia a piece of impertinence to classify any as " Dissenters," save as we dissent from one another. We have as a consequence no protest to raise against the mal-appropriation of moneys for sup porting a State Church. A Church which whilst with all em- bracing motherliness, she gathers round her lap, Evangelicals Rationalists, and Ritualists to partake of spoils wrested from tho people at large (Evangelicals, Rationalists, and Ritualists being equally submissive to her terms), yet refuses a crumb of comfort to the dissidents from her Ritual, or barely endures their existence "Against this injustice our brethren in England are still protest rg and nobly contending, and may God defend the right flere we have whatever energy would be absorbed in this lawful strife set free for nobler -work We may lose some of the esprit de corps engendered by such a contest, but let us know the closer bonds uf a higher union, and intenscr devotion to a service in which wo gladly recognise all the evangelical Churches of Christ as fellow workers, and rejoice in their labours and successes for the one Master Our numbers are, relatively to other bodies, smaller in New South Wales than in any other part of Lngllsh-spenking Christ- endom. We have been Uto in starting on an ecclesiastical race We have, in common with our Congregational brethren, reso- lutely refused the fostering favour of the State, whilst other bodies have sought it eagerly. Our numbers would be greater if thoso professing our principles wcro stanch in their adherence to the cause they once espoused ; but the wealthier Baptists have too often forsaken their own churches and united with those whoso temporal condition comported more thoroughly with their own improved status Moreover, wo have thousands of w hat have been facetiously called "dry Baptists" in the commonity, men and women who believo fully in Baptist principles, but too feeble In loyalty to obey. But our smallncss should be an argument for unwavering fidelity, untiring activity, and unbounded liberality on tho part of the few. Yes, few though we be, we have our work to do for the Master. " Duty is ours,results aie God's " Our work, OB Baptists, demands that rctognlBing the lost but salvablo condition of our un- belief ing fsllow-colonists, we should bo activo in sup- plying thor religious nccíB. Each generation is to tho Chuich a fresh harvest-field, into which the sickle of Divine truth is to be put. Whatever advantages belong to our agc- advantages of an intellectual-or material kind-however advanced in science, literature, and art, wo believo that from loi o of self and enmity to God, the world needs aa much a salva- tion aa when at the shrine of Xhor, our forefathers prostrated tbemsches with defiling rites. If tho Church by any wrong belief has this conviction deadened, just in that proportion will her testimony bo wavering, and her work a failure. Admitted, we llxo in an age of progress, that tho world never wore so pro- mising an aspect, can tbc nostrums of scienco reach that radical, that innate disease which we call 6in, and work that cure which we call salvation 1 " lhere is no physician there ! " A young land, an embryo nation, is to be turned to God, to bo belo\cd in righteousness, to be taught that godliness 1B Mist, and to teach that axiom of religion amidst the ever accumulating stores of material prosperity, to coming generations This is our work, and if wo discover others doing lU's work faultily, stultifying the Gospel message by admixtures of human invention, by so much the more do«s ft behove UB to do the work of the Lord faithfully, for if the foundations of our reli- gious life are not level, the whole superstructure will reveal tbo defect AN e may be discouraged in our work by thinking our influence upon the world is insignificant. True It is ; but it is a growing Influence, and its growth implies the diminution of sin and error, and though ne may not, others will reap the harvest we are sow- ing. Let UB not, because our talent is small, bnry it, but take our place in fulfilling the terms, and that completely, of the Royal commission of our King, Messiah,-" Discipline all the nations, baptizing them in the nome of the triune God, and teaching them to obi el vc all things whatsoever the Christ has commanded l18." Our work will bo largely modified by the prevailing errors of the day. Truth is everlasting. The errors are ephemeral, well culled the errors of the day. But there never was a day without them, calling forth the militant virtues of the Church, and beget- ting as defenders of the faith some of her noblest sons. Far nobler was Augustine battling with Pelagras than Nilus shuffling off to some lone monastery to count his beads in ignoble indelence and imaginary sanctity, a parallel often reproduced in tho stormy centuries of later times. The Church is a militant body. Tbo fortress sho defends Is the pillar and ground oí the truth. As coon as her reverence for truth abatcB, her chivalrous spirit wanes, her vantage ground is lost, and with the spirit of Latitudmarianism the golden shields indicativo «f a David's prowess arc exchanged for the mean apologies in brass, the sequences of a Babylonian invasion. 1 oung as our history is we aro not strangers to various incipient forms of religious error, if the pulpit were uninfected the Press introduces all the latest forms of misbelief to tho unsuspecting reader of European literature. Some of the most valuable con- tributions to religious literature have lurking under their greenest umbrage and fairest flowers the serpentine form of error, and some of our most favourite novelists indulgo In the utterance of opinions w hich our reverence for Scripture leads us to regard with deepest suspicion if not abhorrence. Infidelity of the broadest character dares to lift her brazen face in our midst, and from behind the honoured name of the Divine Christ, the author and finisher of tho faith, proclaims Ulm as beneath In worth and dignity and knowledge the modern prophets of Pantheism. A school of theology has amen in tho professing Church itself which would reason us out of our beliefs as too cramped, and If we are to be permitted to blame the nomenclature of a biblical theology it is to envelope us in old clothing new forms, and from beneath the habiliments once reserved for the Hebrew prophet and seer we see smiling calmly, oblivious to the dignity to which they have been raised, Milton and Shakespeare and Dante For inspiration with this school is simply a synonyme for genius. The atonement is retained as a name, but its precious ncss is eliminated. The substitute for sinners is gone, and who will provide for us a lamb ? The names arc retained, but the facts are discarded, and why Î Because an endeavour having been made to harmonize revealed und infinite truths with the dictates of puny reason, and having been found to be in vain, the stubborn and unyielding truths arc quietly removed from their ancient positions and consigned to the limbos of antiquated fashions. We must be on the alert. If there he such a thing as Divine truth there is no room for indifferentism. A political injustice menaces us ! and how quickened beat tbc pulses of a generous imagination I how hastily we combine to cry down the fraud ' A foul disease lies at the portals of the land ' and, at the risk of losing our character for charity, how clamorous we are for rigid quarantine, lest the putrescent small-pox desolate our coasts ' And shall we be so conservative of our political rights, and so heedful of our sanitary wellbeing, and not lift our voices in fre- quent warning against error, and In careful and dogmatic pro- mulgation of the truth, knowing, as we do, their respective forces for evil and for good ? There is a charity which is false, which is from beneath. Its motto is " Peace at any price." There is a charity which Is from above, and over bcr radiant face, smiling a perpetual benediction of light upon the world, and round her lofty brow is bound her phylacteiy, on which is inscribed her motto, " The wisdom that io li em ul'tA e is first pure, then peaceable " lury Inown error in the Church of Christ we must expose, and, cost us the favour of friends, and gather around us the Irown of iocs, as it may, yet we arc set for the defence of the Gospel, ard if the union of the Churches of Christendom-a consummation devoutly to be wished-is te be bought by unholy compromises, guilty silences, and false flatteries, then better that we be outside the camp where The Truth is, and if needs be, be cruci- fied with Him. We see our work, then, comprises two things. First, the pro- clamation of the truth , and, secondly, tho defence thereof from error-a defence involving vigorous protests, determined on- slaughts, and that proportioned to the pernicious character of the errors. I now advance to the consideration of the various means which, I conceive, will render us influential in the accomplishment of this work. By a devout reference for and adherence to the teachings of Scripture There is a danger of our reverence for the Scriptures being cor- rupted. The enemies of the Bible are of two kinds, the Rational- ists and the Patristicions It is from the former of these we have most to fear. The attitude of reason is by no means naturally and essentially antagonistic to Scripture, but reason has suffered in the fall, and needs regenerating before she can freely serve the ends of a devout philosophy. Then, as a trusted counsillor may she be permitted to hold a light to the student of revelation, and from out her ample stores of scientific truth adduce helps in- creasingly numerous and valuable Rejecting patristic authorities as grossly fallible guides, our forefathers were famed for their rigid adherence to the ipsissima verba of Holy Writ Let us follow their example. Inductive science, of which they know but little, bas done worthy service for the world, but wo must nut allow its verdicts to shake our confidence in the Bible as the whole counsel of God, and that in contradistinction to those who regard it as containing, mixed with much impurity, the counsel of God The distinction is essential. If it be that it is mingled, then its assortment into divine and mythical may be tho province of man, and that by tho faculty of reason. But reason, being a variable power, it will be difficult to say whose reason shall be deemed of the proper gauge. The meshes of some minds, sieve-like, will re- tain us worthy of preservation what others will reject as worth- less, and only fit for the cinder heap of old superstitions A truce to such sophistry. We are content to take the book as God has given it, believing it to be pure "as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times." We rejoice to know that no well authenticated fact of science contravene the revealed mind of God. In the year 1806, the French Institute counted more than eighty theories in geology hostile to the Scripture history, not one of which has lived to the present time (Lyell), and we are content to believe that though a hundred more theories oppugned its veracity, and in the esteem of unbelievers, tarnished its lustre, It shall come forth immaculate from the trial . The clouds which hide our glorious sun are not of heavcnly birth, they rise from the fens and marshes and wild watery wastes of earth, and they but for a time dim his lustrous disc, and our doubts and unbelief are begotten of that Sygian pool which lies deep and dark in our hearts, and hide the face of God in His word ; but that word shall yet dissipate every cloud, and whilst they shall perish it remaineth, and they all shall vanish away, but of the Bible, like its Divine Author, we may say "Its years shall not fail " If in this new bind we would triumph in our warfare against sin and error, let our conviction be firm in the divine authority of Holy Scripture, for It is our armoury of weapons for attack and defence ; and whilst accepting the results of devout criticism on the sacred text, let us cleave to the Bible as the most potent instrument the world has known for its advancement in all that is permanently grand and great. As far as the influence which wo exert upon the outlying world goes, of this I am convinced, that for all enduring results any other Gospel than that anciently delivered— the Gospel of the grace of God-is Impotent. Wc have sturdy work to perform, and need divinely-tempered weapons. The dilettantism of some of our modern and un-Scriptural theology would give us a testimony out of which all the sterner attributes of God aro eliminated. Tho very flreB of Sinai, the v cry darkness of Golgotha, on which, as a dark and terrible back Ground, the cross has stood out in such lucent relief, these ecome under their refining process mere theatrical dlsplajs, destitute of the awful meaning which a scriptural theology detects. Yea, Calvary itself is only an impre&oive; drama ; its influence is moral, and its uttermOBt meaning Is "God ia Io\e" For " afflicted consciences which do groan under, and wrestle with, sin," something more is needed than this tame and emas- culated teaching ; and I havo no hesitation in saying that this theology will show itself as powerless In suppressing sin as a spray of rose water would be in subduing the roaring billows, of a bushfire. It is a leaver having no fnlorum in the soul of an agonized sinner, and sO possessing no power to raise him from despair to hope and God If we would seo the days of Living- stone at Shotts, of Wesley in Cornwall, of Whitfield amongst the Kingsmill colliers, of M'Cheyne at Dundee, and reproduced in our own Australia the work of our beloved Spurgeon, we must proclaim on the one hand the convicting law, with all its terrors and, on the other, the healing Gospel with all its rich comforts and that despite 6neer of philosophic Greek or the cavil of self righteous Jew And let it be remembered how entirely our position as Bap- tists depends upon an adherence to Scripture. So long as we adhere to that our position is impregnable. It is truo we may be left behind by an age too fast for God; but, believing that the Word Is an infallible guide for every age, we need make no haste to overtake thoso treading a road whioh will have to bo retraced step by step with repentant tears. }\ 1.?'4.b,illiad>lt *iu be m good company, for the Master has enid "Follow mc," and with Him as our leader wo shall be fast enough and forward enough. Let this be the position In which Biblical conservatism shall keep us, and we are thon In the very best position foi doing Christ's work- whether aggressive or I may further say, that reverence for B»rtpturo will save us from that narrowness which is on immense barrier to succobs, andgive IIB that breadth which some affectât the expenso of Bible truth. Yon cannot hove studied the character of the bigot without observing that he elevates some one doctrine or precept to the sacrifice of correlative truths, and often his pet dogma ia one of comparative nnimportaace. Now, the Biblis! la delivered from this ; he knows truth ia many sided ; he knows that what tcemB the very opposite of one truth is often in reality its com- plement, and ii any man may really claim the title of " broad," it IB the mun who reverences the whole counsel of God. Be too will difcnminato with a delicacy impossible to tbo man who laird by mero prejudice, between what is essential and what is nen-CEsenlial. He knowe that whatever is revealed la essential, ¡f not to salvation yet to obedience, sr to tho moulding of a Christian character spherical and symmetrical. He knows that whilst nothing which God ha«, been pleased to reveal can ho (ex- cept by a generation out ol wbofe heart all disinterested lovo has dud) a matter of indifference, but he also believes that on mitlers unreveulcd und left to Christian instincts, a wiso latitude is wanantable, and he will be prepared to n cot nnd bear with prc f< renccs which violate no law of tho kingdom of Christ. Nothing can prejudice men more against the truths we hold, than an insane attacbn cnt to mere whims-than the elevation of things deter- mined hy cuBtotn and choice to the very level of clearly revealed truth. And by the influence which the whole Word of God will exert in forming our characters, as wise, broid, large-hearted Christians as much as by ita power as our one grand Instrument in accom- plishing a work, 1 charge you, Australian Christians-colonists who would iam do your God-given work-reverence the Biblo That our woik may be done, let ua ecck to have raised np amongst us a divinely qualified ministry. I would hero sedulously guard against the idea that the Church cannot exist without a ministry. Tho minister live» for the Church, and not the Church for tho minister. Misconception on tins paint has done much to paralyze personal efforts, and has rendered us satitficd with a delegated service. It Wo must insist upon individual efforts aB of primal importance. Every member of tho Church ought to bo a worker ; and, if the vacancy of the pulpit means a suspension of all testimony for Jesus on tho part of the Church, as it sometimes docs, then tho sooner our VÍCWB al o rectified the better. The German Baptist Union, representing the Baptist churches in Germany and Denmark, has a membership of about 15,000. Not Hinch over a quarter of a century ago, the Rev. Dr. Onken mot in n shoemaker's shop to celebrate tho Lord's Supper with the infant Church, then consisting of not six members. In spite of fines, proscriptions, and imprisonments, such has been their vitality and spiritual rcprodi etivenees, that they now number 15,000. The scorct ! This rule-that, unless physically disabled, cverymember ehould do something for Jesus. Such an individualism in service is the very thing to meet the demands of the Church everywhere, but the exigencies of colonial Christianity can be adequately met by no other. And will this do away with the necessity for a ministerial order! No, but will give such an order its noblest work, in counselling and leader- ship- in adapting powers. conBcrving force, and giving direction to the united energies of the Church. Then will the minister find those auxiliaries, wanting which bis work is often toil to woan nees, and toil unrecognized. Admitting then the continued need of a ministry, even where the church ia most gifted and alivo to ita responsibilities. What do wc mean by a minister t Not a functionary paid to perform certain deputed religieus exercises,-a mere ecclesiastical orna- ment, decked m robes of official sanctity. Not a mere uttcrer of second-hand platitudes. Not a theological confectioner who, catering to public tasto, seasons with the spice most in vogue. Not a colo dogmatiser on truths, which, rightly apprehended, route the dormant conscience and thrill tho heart. Not a pro- fessional make-up ; but a man-a man of large spontaneity, of tender charity, of vlgoious intellett (if that intellect havo ample stored of learning at its command-locked ia the conservative faculty of memory, and ready for reproduction at command, so mueh tho better). A man who speaks with authority-the authority of absolute conviction, otherwise called faito. Believing, therefore speaking, not apologetically, hut dogmati- cally where the Master has give» warrant. A man above tho people; but not in priestly arrogance nor sclf-Bufncicnt wisdom, but in the consciousness of a Divine call to be their teacher, their leader after Christ. Buch a minister 1B God's gift. We cannot make him. No college ever yet achieved the wonder. But given the jewel, tho hard though incrustcd diamond, we con divest tt of ita brown cruBt and polish its indurate Bides, till a brilliancy irradiates from it such as belongs to no pasto composition of man's inven- tion. And have wo not some diamonds in the rough-hard in intellect, tender in heart- men in understanding, children in malice-I hope we have the men. And I think, though wc may .not with art of lapidary bring so exquisite a polish on our diamonds as our moro favoured crafts- men at home, with every appliance for mental furbishing at their command, wc may gain a lustro which shall coruscate some of the pure light of Divino truth m our own Australia. For wo want not geologists, art-critics, astronomers, but theologians well skilled in dividing the word; and be who answers that demand haB no mean endowment. He will have a knowledge of tho benptures-(in the original I hope- at least of the New Testa- ment) and he will study that profoundeat of problems the human heart, the microcosm of hie, own first, that ho may know the outer macrocosm of sinning agonized humanity. One had dltccted his disciples to look to heaven for the in- crease of the harvest men. I have heard the injunction given by men who should have known botter-that wealthy parents Bhould devote their young sons to the service of the ministry. Unwar- rantable advice 1 The divine call ia the precursor of all devotion, and we muBt leave it to him who called Peter from his fishing smack, and Paul from the Sanhedrim, to arouse our young men, plebeian or patrician, by the potcnoy of that voice which lures tho yourg heart "to forsake all and follow Him." I think that as a means first of affording a sphere for the exer- cise of gifts, second, as a means of helping settled pastors, and third, with a view to developing the nascent powers of our young men, wc ought to have established within definite local limits, Lay Preachers' bocicticB. I have not time to desoant upon the pro- bable benefits of such, bnt 1 belicvo without them wo .shall never overtake our work without this useful auxiliary. Wc must cherish the spirit of work In our people-try and keep them all at it, and alwayB at it-and with this spirit Infused, we shall have some manifestation as to the future ministry of our churches. But given the men, what shall wc do with them 1 The most an- gelic minds dwell in bodies. These mindB and bodies, true to a very ancient law pronounced agalust anchorets And nuns, affirm- ing the undcBirablenesB of lonely life, reveal affinities for others of like constitution. The " Bishop" takes his " ono " wife, and then blessed little sequencea throng abont bim, and as years roll on these little ones make increasing demands on not only the heart, but the purse-make certain tradesmen de a brisker busi- ness, and if the dear minister has not a competent income, make him break into the white blossoms of care and age too early. The minister, too, must always look respectable ; his own and bia people's credit 1B connected m some measure with the decision of the hue of his black coat and the density of the nap on his hat; and his wife must be equally a model of propriety. And then be ought not to be denied, if a thoughtful man, the pabulum of the mind. He wants to buy books in order to come into contact with the world of thought, and especially books bearing on the subject-matter of his life. Ula Alford's Greek Testament will cost him £5. His Smith's Bible Dictionary another £5. A few volumes of Clark'a Theological Library will muke a large hole in £10. And this leads me to say that if you wish for a ministry at leisure from corroding care, from constant misciy about ways and means, from anguish of seul at tho thread- bare aspect ot his whole hie, and piovided with the appliances of a thoughtful Ecrvico, you must, dear Australian Christians, ln cieaBc in liberality ¡-and the next duty I would enforce upo» you, aB workers of Christ, is mcreascd liberality. Our history has been tbo record of a struggle with poverty, a poverty which I belicvo ought to have been telle ved by our British brethren ThoEe who have suitcred most on this account havo been the ministers, and I do not believe that in any large measure tho h'amo haE rested with the people In all probability their liber- ality has been quite as significant of devetion to truth as have been the Eclf-sacriflces ot the ministers and their wives,-I say their wives, for our Churches owe not a little to the unmurmuring economical ministcis'wives. The pact must not be a precedent for the future, our people will increase In wealth, and with every augmentation of wealth let there bo a growth of libcrrlity. Those whose deficiencies on this score arc most lamented arc the young. These too often, without compunction, leave the support of God's cause to their over-taxed and care-burdened seniora, Apprentices, farm-helpers, and servant maids, Becm satisfied with very elender contributions. The coBt of a few Joscphiuo kid gloves would cover all the contributions va a year of some young women to the cause of that Redeemer who gave himself for their sins. Dress and luxuries outvicing in costliness the indulgencies of pel sons much above them m station, arc purchased without any thought of the duty and privilege of self-denial. But the amounts which pcrsonB of limited incomes would givo arc not of se much account as the blcssingB they are missing, and the spirit of self-indulgcnco and parsimony which they are cherishing, and which will grow with their years and wealth. As a means of grace wc would urge liberality. AB a debt yc owe to Christ we would urge liberality. The gracious soul cannot live without giving- the luxury is so great. Special promises aro connected with giving, and It will be a melancholy day to the Church when no more channels are open for the distribution of her benefactions. I commend this subject to our deacons. A pastor shrinks from a honiily on it, lest it be thought that mere personal benefit is all he has in view, and for that very reason our deacons should embrace every opportunity for enforcing a duty with injunctions respecting which the Scriptures of the Old and Now Tcstimcnts are lcplctc. We read of a case m which a rioh man was converted from infidelity to Christianity, who, when he waa about to bo bap- tized, insisted upon his going loto the water with his pocket-book in his pocket, that he might practically express his wish that the money he had as w eil as himself should be consecrated to tbo ¡saviour; and his conduct since haB proved his sincerity and earnestness. Nathan Cobb, a Baptist merchant, of Boston, in 1821, entered into the following covenant, a covenant faithfully fulfilled :-" By the grace of God, I will never be worth moro than £10,000. By the graco of God, I will givo one-fourth of the net profits of my business to charitable and religious purposes Ii I am ever woith £1000,1 will give one-half of my net profite; and if ever I am worth £6000,1 will give three-fourths, and the whole after £10,000. So help mo, God ! or give to a more faithful Etcward, and Bet me aside." Rich men 1 remember ye are only steward« 1 If, then, our pastors arc to bo adequately remunerated-if young men are to bo trained and Bent out for tho occupancy of new territory-yea, if the windows of heaven aro to bo opened wide, and blessings abundant arc to be dispensed upon a needy Chui cn-our duty IB increased liberality. And, deacons, remember, ns you lov o the Church of the future, educate the young peoplo of our churches in the exercise of this Christian graco. And, last of all, but not least-nay, chief-if we are to do our w ork wifely and Bucccssf ully, we must be more diligent in prayer. The power of a Church IB in ratio to tho praycrfulncss of ita members; and out of weakness we shall be made strong only by the power of prayer. " More thingB are wrought by prayer Than the world dreams of. VI hercforc let thy voice Klee like a fountain, night and day. For so the whole round earth is every way Bound by gold chains about the feet of Clod." But it must be believing prayer, not formal-believing that wo hnv c the things we ask for we shall have them. I shall have but little hope ol a widely- extensive work of grace till our prayer nieetingB bear a more proper proportion to our membership. We shall never have the Divine enthusiasm, the tenderness of heart, the unction of God, till wc havo more earnest believing prayer. I have known churches having ministers gifted with every talent excitive of human admiration, but their ministry waa powerless-a blazing meteor's glare, a ralnbow'8 evanescent beauty. I havo known ministries characterised by simple earnest- ness, but backed up by an importunate people's prayers . and the little one hut become a thousand ! We aro believers in God the Holy GhoEt, in tho reality of Hie work, m Ita absolute neces- sity. Need I say morel Brethren, pray if you would prosper Troy if you would take this broad, fair land for Jehovah 1'raycrless, your voice will bo as inaudible in the sinner's car as a beetle's hum amidst the shock of armies ; y our *- weapons, as powerless as a bee's sting against the mailed warrior. If timo had permitted 1 would hav o spoken of the dangers as well as the duties Incident to our position, particularly those arising from worldllness-that pcrEittcnt bane ef the Church'« highest IntcrCBtB, and especially as fostered in this community by the rapidity with which large fortunes are made. I I would have warned you against that terrible snare, the will to have riebet., and that simply for Bolflsh ends, as also against the mspoEition to court the world's countenance, by lowering the standards of Christian excellence and relaxing thoso olnimB of whole-Leartcd loyalty which Christ makcB upon hiß people. It is a fatal thine, for the Church when respectability and worldly status become her ambition ! But I hasten to the conclusion of my address, and I BEkjou to projcot your thoughts into the future and gather encouragement from tho assured results of prêtent toil and Eelf-denial. " Ho that goeth forth and weeneth bearing prcciouB seed shall doubtless come again with Joy bring- ing his sheaves with bim." B You havo Btood at the break of day in some valley lying under the eastern elope» of a lofty mountain. The first «hafts of Ua-ht freni the upproachlng sun-premonitions ti the coming dav-fell upon the crown of that Bummlt, making all radiant. Everv dew bathed green leaf shivered and glistened in the lls-ht of the approaching sun not yet himself risible Bo these longings of the Christian's heart are premoni- tions of the contint day. The light of prophecy hw A on the highest points first, the hearts nearest heaven, and given earnests of tbo consummations promised. Vo sec (and hope says "not far distant") " the brighter, fairer Eden " of a renewed world. Every deadly upas of error and Bin rooted up, and all fruits of righteousness, goodness, and truth abounding. This shall be the end of Christian labour and sneccss. Do wc desire success ! Then why ! For tho advancement of sectarian interests, that our creed may bo dominant, that our Church may sit as a queen, undisputed monarch, at whoso feet commerce and art and science shall pour their lavish gifts, and we made rich on her benefactions. If suoh v>ore our aim, the results would only add one moro to the many travestlcB upon the true Church of Christ. But your alms arc totally different. First. To gather out of Aus- tralia a people saved of the Lord-knowing the joyful eound of a reconciled Father's voice, walking in the light of His counte- nance. Secondly. To conserve and defend tho truth of Christ in its completeness, as contaircd in Lils own Testament-and "great is the tiuth, and it will prevail." And first and last, to glorify the Divino Christ, our living God and King. Constrained by love, you would now bring forth all precious things of heaven and earth to do Dim honour. Your toils, ministering brethren, your gifts, people of Christ, seem as nothing when thought of ia the light of His love. Gladly will you spend and be Bpcnt for Jesus, for His glory is your aim ; and though at times the motive may eink into the back ground, yet you can, from tho deeps of your heart, exclaim, " For mo to live is Christ." There you Bhall Bec Ulm crowned, and bo crowned with Him. A few ccntnrles at most lio between us and that day when the last enemy that has reared HB defiant head against the Christ shall be broken in pieces, and the kingdom, immovable and immutable, shall be established for ever. His friends who bore His cross, sometimes in prominent singularity, but untcmntcd from the rugged road of unques- tioning obedience-His friends who believed in His roy.il right to give law, and who dared not, for any hope of immediate interest, extended influence, or pecuniary gain, swerre therefrom- His friends, whose personal attachment was proven by personal sub- mission and self-denying toil-they shall gather at Ills feet, and find the ample successes of their labour in gathering hosts who join in blessed unison as with enraptured hearts, rbundantly satisfied, they cry, " ThlB is our God, we have waited for Him ; " and in their turn hear His precious word-in itself a reward in- effably precious-"Well done!" May such success at harvest time bless the sowers and reapers of Australia. The thanks of the meeting were, on tho motion of Rev. A. BURDETT, seconded by the Rev. J. INGHAM, given to tho chairman for his address. rUllLIC EDUCATION-, The Eev. JAMES GREENWOOD moved,-" 1. That this meeting, representing the Baptist Union of New South Wales protests against the extension of Denominational schools at the expense of the State as being another form of State endowment of religion, and therefore an injustice to a large portion of the taxpayers of the country. 2. That the foregoing résolution be embodied in a petition, to be signed by the chairman of the Union, and presented to both Houses of Parliament.'' Be said that this resolution arose out of a discussion which took place at one of the business meetings of the Union late this afternoon: and he was not therefore-prepared to deal with the subject in a manner which he thought its importance required. His objection to Denominational schools rested chiefly on three grounds. His first objection waa, that the duplicate system established here was wasteful of the publio money. It required that the State should pay two men for doing work which could bo done as well by one, and in that way half the money which the Legislature granted for publio education was wasted wherever a State supported Denominational school was put in compe- tition with a Fnblio sohool. The granta for eduoation were munificent in a young country like this, but thoy were still Inadequate to moet the wants of a sparsely peopled territory of vast extent. It waa thus doubly important that the publio funds should not be wastefuliy employed, and that, too, in centres of population where there waa pro- bably least need for Government assistance. We had goad Pubiio schools established in several districts; but he re- gretted to learn that in many instance» our Roman Catholic and Episcopalian fellow-citizens, and, In 'some cases, cur Presbyterian brethren were taking such action as would most seriously impair the efficient working of the Fublio school system. As soon as they felt themselves strong enough they began to agitate for the establishment of a Denominational school. They took away from the Publio school all the children of their own communion and as many others as they could, from various causes, bring within their influence, and these children they trans- ferred to the Denominational school they set up. Having obtained the requisite number of children, they got half the amount, as he supposed, of the Government endowment, although there was no valid necessity for tho establishment of a second school at all. All the requirements of the district could be in such oases met by enlarging, at a small cost, the existing Fublio school, or by a slight addition to the »taff of teachers. The colony hod given in its complete adhesion to the Fublio sohool system, but it was now threatened with a great, although it might be insidious, increase of State-endowed Denominational sohools on all hands. Several Christian ministers belonging to other denominations had spoken to him on this subject; and they felt somewhat aggrieved that, after they had given up once-existing Denominational schools, and refrained from establishing others en publio grounds, such strenuous efforts should now be made in a contrary direction on the part of other religious bodies. The successful issue of the system which now threatened to assume suoh wide proportions would be that the Wesleyans and other Christ« ian communions would be compelled to abandon the ground which they now occupied and establish Denominational schools In self-defence. He trusted that that, however, was an alternative which might be averted by timely ana united action on the part of the different denominations and the great body of the general publio whioh identified itself with secular education rather than eccleeiaaticism. In the second place, he maintained that tho aotion of whioh he now complained was a violation of tho principle of religious equality. In every community there would always be a minority who would not be able to support a Denominational echoo lof their own. Ihoeowho composed that minority would have to pay their proportion of tho taxation which went to support all the schools. In thus being compelled to support Denominational schools they would Buffer this disadvantage, that they would be com- pelled to support religious principles to which they conscientiously objected. In the third place ho thought that it was bad for the people ot a country that the State should perpetuate sectarianism by means of primary educa- tion. Ho believed with the Americans that children on this ground of education should, as far as possible, start ia life on fair and egual terms. According to the early edu- cation given in a majority of cases would be the religious tone of the whole future of their lifetime, and ho was averse to the State teaching religion by majority. If truth was to spread ; children ought to have instilled into their minde the doctrinal teaching of the prevailing majority before they were able to judge for themselves. It was of first impottanco that the youth of the colony should obtain a good secular and, whore necessary, national edueation. He understood that the course taken by our friends who differed from us in this matter waB to get a grant of land from the Govomment for the erec- tion of a Denominational sohool; and aa coon as thoy got the school well established, they made it the centre from which to go round the district and obtain support for a church, eo that it practically amounted to this, that the Slate were still endowing religion to the extent of one half, although the publio conscience had been set at rest by the idea that State-aid to religion was no longer possible ia New South Wales. He had it on the authority of a distin- guished minister of the Wesleyon body-which, in common with most ethers, had accepted tho Public sohool Bystem 'hat the children of their communion in the country dis- tricts were being drafted off into Denominational schools, and were thus being brought up Under influences whioh would be fatal to their subsequent connection with the Methodist .body. He noticed that the .Premier made a speech at Bathurst last week, in which he referred to the question of education. Mr. Parkes imagined .that the education question would not come beforo the House this session, and he appeared to speak in a tone which implied that he would do justice to all. If we got up public opinion on this question, he had no donbt that Mr. Parkes and thoBe who acted with him would be prepared to do the work of toe people any day. Mr. J. H. PALMER seconded the resolutions. The Rev. J. H. HINTON referred to the educational struggle now taking place in England, and defended those who opposed the Government measure in England, and who supported the Public school system here against the aspersion that in supporting secular education they were upholding a Godless system. He hold that the parents of the children, and not the day-school teachers, were the proper persons to impart religious instruction-that religious instruction could best be given by voluntary Christian enterprise. Thore were some schoolmasters who, no donbt, were Christian mon ; but it was not one of the special qualifications of school teachers in this colony that they should be Christian men and women. The Council never asked the question, but endeavoured, as far as possible, to extinguish any direot per- sonal religious influcsco which school teachers might be disposed to exert. It was not desirable that children should be left to form their religious life upon the bare, miserable mechanical teaching of creeds and cato chitniB in common schools without any sort of guarantee that the vital spiiit of religion was not altogether absent from the school, Whilo he warmly supported the resolu- tions, he desired to point out that we were prepared to accent the responsibility sf the religious eduoation of the children of the country. The resolutions were unanimously agreed to. AU the meetings were begun and ended with devotional exercises. - CYCLONE IN THE BAY OF BENGAL.-The Cal- cutta Mail states that the cyolone, of which we have already heard from the Bay of Bengal, broke over Balasor early on Monday morning, July 1. There was a heavy galo from the north-west at about 2 a.m., and at i a.m. the wind veered round to the, north-east, and blew with tre- mendous violence, subsequently passing to the east and south-east, and dying away at 1 o'clock. The station, which was onco one of the prettiest in Bengal, is said now to be a mase of ruins. All the fine old banyan and pipa! trees are moro er less injured ; the majority are torn up by the roots, and lying across the roads. Alf the craft ia the river have been blown ashore, except the Government schooner, which rode out the storm under bare poles. There is hardly a single thatched house In the native town which has not lost its roof and some part of its walls. The destruction of property has been very great. The pakka houses have stood well, and none of the Government buildings have suffered, exoept the Poet-office, which is a lieap of ruins. Every exertion is being made to clear the roads and assist the sufferers. Several thomand people are hooseless, and many without food. No new« has yet come in from the Interior of the distriot. The weather on Tuesday was still cloudy with occasional showers, but there was a welcome hreak of sunshine for an hour or two in the morning., The telegraph lines have been carried olean away for several BUM W both »ides of Bala* or. 