DISASTERS. (From the Empire.) Our country papers and correspondence have, on several occasions of late, contained reports of shocks of earthquake, or what was be- lieved to be such, having been felt in various parts of the colony. As yet we have, hap- pily, had no records of serious disaster; and beyond the usual rumbling noise, and one or two instances, a slight vibration, the phe- nomena passed over without inflicting any damage. Thus far the Australian continent, though at times enduring quite sufficient of fire and flood and drought, has been wonder- fully free from those more terrible calamities which have devastated cities, laid whole ter- ritories in ashes, and swallowed up or drowned whole communites. Take for instance, the great prairie fires in America. Terrible as are the details of the burning of Chicago, the reports from Northern Wiscon- sin and Michigan are even more appalling. The woods and prairie grass in all directions -every article that could be possibility ig- nite-vcontributed to the sea of flame that was swept onward for miles around, forming, as the report says "a tornado of fire." The burning of Phestigo is described :-" Shortly after the church-going people had returned from evening service, an ominous sound was heard, like the distant roar of the sea, or of a coming storm. This increased in inten- sity, and soon the inhabitants became alarmed and apprehensive of coming danger. Balls of fire were observed to fall like meteors in different parts of the town, ignite- ing whatever they came in contact with." By this time the whole of the population were thoroughly aroused and alarmed, and, catching up their children, began to flee to any place that offered comparative safety; but most of them were overtaken and en- veloped in smoke and flames; and even such as succeeded in reaching the river were burnt to cinders before they could proceed further. Cattle and horses rushed madly on with the fugitives, trampling many to death; and the tornado, in its terrible course, felled the timber over a breadth of some ten miles, while the flames seized upon the dry branches and then the trunks, so that all round there was nothing but fire. More than fifteen hundred men, women, and children were burnt to death in Wisconsin alone. From other parts of the great American continent we have had late reports of disas- ters by earthquake-shocks. The earthquakes and the rush of the great tidal wave in Cen- tral and Southern America, will still be fresh in remembrance; but our last news of the kind is from Buenos Ayres, and gives an account of the complete destruction of the city of Oran by an earthquake on the 22nd of October last. The news is quite of an authentic and official character, being con- veyed in a despatch from the Lieutenant Governor, Signor Hilarion Carasco, to the government of Salta. It was about eleven o'clock at night on the date mentioned, and most of inhabitants of the doomed town of Oran had retired when the first shock was felt, causing the greatest terror and most of the inhabitants to rush into the streets. The shocks continued for about nine hours, and forty distinct movements of the earth were felt. The pavements of the streets were split open in several places, and the houses fell in heaps of ruins around ; yet, most providentially, but one death was recorded, the people hastening out to the fields as the shocks continued. The despatch of the Lieu- tenant- Governor, however, was decisive of the fact that, " the township of Oran had dis- appeared, and nothing remained of it but a heap of ruins." The town was on the borders of Bolivia, and had been beautifully laid out and watered. During a storm of thunder and lightning at Shefield in England, on the morning of the 4th January last, it was stated that shocks of earthquake had been experienced there, and that "several persons were sensi- bly lifted in their beds by the shocks." This intelligence was transmitted to London by telegraph, and having there obtained prompt circulation, caused some alarm; but a Shef- field paper quaintly states that the whole story originated with "a sensational Shef- field correspondent, to whom odd pence fur- nished a consideration superior to truth." Probably a similar kind of inspiration may account for many other wild and wonderful stories of which we hear, though there can be no doubt of earthquake-shocks having been felt in England, and in Australia also; while at Wellington, in New Zealand, some years ago, a subterranean convulsion of the kind caused the loss of several lives, and gave rise to a panic which had nearly ruined the prospects of the province. In such cases, a little truth often becomes mixed up with a great deal of fiction, and a basement of reality is used for a superstructure of pure imagination. No longer ago than the end of month of November last, in broad day- light, crowds of the Roman people thronged the streets, proclaiming the advent of a new and brilliant star, shining high in the firma- ment, and evidently betokening some great event. It proved to be the planet Venus, the presence of which in that position at that time could be quite naturally and scientific- cally accounted for. As yet, we repeat, Australia, within any knowledge of the races now overrunning it, has been free from any such gigantic calami- ties as we hear of from elsewhere, whether arising from earthquakes, tidal waves, or such great conflagrations as lately devastated Northern Wisconsin and Michigan. Floods and tempest we have experienced, very dis- astrous in their effects; and bush-fires have not been unknown, from the terrible occa- sion of "Black Thursday" down to more recent events. But Nature and circum- stances have on the whole been kind to us; and it is all the more shocking to think that, with such advantages, dangers originating in human depravity and cruelty should be found to exist in our midst. 