AND POMMERCIAL flEWS. WEDNESDAY. MAY 8th, 1872. Oftek as we have written upon the question of Immigration, etill we feel that its prramount importance :to our future prosperity, as a colony, is of bo much moment that we need make no^ apology for again bringing it before the public. In onr issue of the 17th nit. we briefly adverted to the then pending meeting of colonists, which had for its object the adoption of measures calculated to alleviate the depression said to exist throughout the colony. That meeting has taken place, and it remains to be seen what good will accrue from it. It is not now our intention to make any further comment on the actiou of the meeting, but simply to urge npon our felloTir colonists to profit by the agitation it has caused, and by a united effort assist in bringing about a policy which will indnce immigration to our shores. Undoubtedly, there are many advan tages possessed by the other Australian colonies, of which we are at present deficient, and without which we cannot hope to progress in anything like the same ratio as oar more advanced neighbours — each as railways, Bteam communication, harbor improvements, &e.;, &c.; ; each, in its way, of vast moment to onr future welfare; bnt we are firmly of opinion that none of these can work the good we desire withont a greatly increased population, and in order to get such an increase, it is necessary to adopt a policy that will tend to encourage immigration. To do this we must approach the sub ject in a national spirit. Our Land Regulations, we repeat, are very liberal — more so, perhaps, than any at pre sent obtaining in any of the other colonies ; but if we are determined to have immigrants, 6till greater conces sions mnst be made to attain our object. Snch a plan as that advanced in onr issue of the 17th nit., would, we have strong reasons to believe, tend in no small degree towards accomplishing this end. Another in ducement might be held ont by allow ing immigrants, on their arrival here, a free selection of, say, one hundred acres of land, which, after an occupa tion for a specified term, and certain improvements, should become the boua fide property, under fee simple, of the person or persons so occupying and improving. This latter scheme has of late been more than once spoken and written upon, by some cf our most practical men with much earnestness and favour, and we are also inclined to support it ; bnt in this case, as in many others, dne pre caution should be taken to prevent such a privilege from, being abused. Desirable as immigration is, it is nevertheless, liable, in some respects, to be fraught with disadvantages, and the iutroduction of a useless class of immigrants would only tend to preci pitate us from bad to worse ; there fore, to guard against this evil, every precaution should be adopted, with regard to the system of giving away the hind at the stipulated term of occupation, and fulfilment of the re quired improvements. We are aware that there are mauv who are onnosed to this mode of introducing immi grants, but these persons are evidently biassed by personal motives, aud view the picture from one side only : happily, however, they arc, so far as we can learn, vastly in a minority. The subject of immigration to these colonies has agaiu been brought pro minently beforethe House of Commons, in connection with the large propor tion of emigrants from the United Kingdom who go to foreign parts and become aliens, the Mother Country thereby losing a large number of her loyal subjects, consequent upon the absence of greater facilities for work ing men to emigrate to British posses sions. During a debate on this very question in the Honse of Commons at the commenccrpent of the present session, Mr. Macfie called special at tention to the extent of unappropriated territory in this colony, which, he said, contained 013,000,000 acres, and an area of waste land belonging to tlie Crown exceeding by 10 or 12 per cent, the acreage at the disposal of the United States. If this land was divided in equal proportions among all the English, Scotch, aud Irish subjects of Her Majesty, residing iu all parts of the world, it would give to each man, woman, and child, a farm of more than 50 acres. The number of immigrants from the United Kingdom during last year was no less than 200,000, and a large proportion of that number went to the United States, who held out every inducement to Europeans to settle there. In this way, Mr. Macfie said, a considerable number, of skilled artizans became expatriated and alienated, and be pointed out the absolute necessity of these colonies offering greater induce ments to emigrants to come here. The South Australian Government, alive to the desirability of encourag ing emigration to its shores, has taken the matter np in earnest, and a Bill is now before the Legislature, which, if carried, mnst largely promote immi gration to that colony. The first mode of inducing persons to emigrate, pro posed to be adopted by our Southern neighbors, is by offering them land warrants, which, on their arrival in the colony, may be exchanged for land orders. These land orders will be of the value of £20 for each person of twelve years of age and upwards, and of £10 for each person between the age of one and 12 years. These land orders, which are not transfer able, shall be available for the purchase of country or suburban lands, and may be received as the deposit on the purchase money of any selection. The grants of land— and this is a very important consideration — will not be made until the holder of the warrant has resided two years in the colony, except in the case of death, when the land will be made over to the repre sentative of the person deceased. By this, and other liberal provisions, the South Australian Government hope to divert the stream of emigration to their shores. The measure also pro vides for the appointment of an emigration agent in England, whose duty it will be to exercise doe care in the selection of the proper class of emigrants. It appears to us that it will hardly be possible nnder the Bill now before the South Australian Legislature for that colony to be flooded, like our own, with the sweepings of the prisons and workhouses of Great Britain, or with idle loafers who are a curse to the people at home. None but a desirable class of immigrants will be in a position to avail themselves of the several modes provided by the South Australian Government for reaching the colony. With such baits offered by our neighbours, it is hardly to be expected that we, who leave accessions to our population to the natural law of in crease, shall find the tide of emigra tion diverted to this colony. It is to be hoped that the pending elections will result in the return of patriotic and disinterested Liberals — men who are ready to sacrifice every personal feeling for the weal of their adopted country and the good of their respective constituencies ; and as most of the candidates for legislative honors appear to be genuine believers in the urgent necessity of some comprehen sive and efficient scheme of immigra tion, we hope that, with the hearty co-operation of the People, our new Legislature will not foil to realise oar wishes both in this and every other project of importance to our future welfare and prosperity. Our South Australian neighbours labour hard, with indomitable per severance and enormous expenditure, in carrying on their 6chetne of con necting Adelaide with Port Darwin by a line of telegraph, but every mail brings fresh tidings of misfortune and disaster. The elements wage war against them ; floods, fire, storms, and native tribes, in turn, attack the work, and by this mail we learn that another unforeseen, or rather despised enemy — the white ant, appears on the scene, to the certain destruction of recently-erected telegraph posts. We read, too, of the melancholy fate of men employed in repairing damages ; how they have been overcome by want of water, or by bush-fires ; enduring hardships such as can only be under stood by those who have been driven to like extremities, and at bust miserably perishing — victims to drought or Same. Abont two-thirds of this great over land line is said to be erected ; but were the whole eighteen hundred miles completed from end to end, what prospect is there of immunity from similar disasters in time to come ? The line leaves all settled portions of the continent far behind ; for fifteen hundred miles it runs through a wilder ness or primeval forest, and unless constant road communication can. be maintained along the line, with out poats established at comparatively short distances, and a regular system of snpplies for men far isolated from the haunts of their fellow men, it is impossible to maintain snch watch and ward over it as will ensure any thing like constant communica tion throughout. The cost of such a system of surveillauce, if established, must of necessity be enormous, so that it appears im possible that any rate of charges could make this telegraph a remune rative line. The South Australian Government have already expended upwards of £'200,000 in construction. There is si '.11 another difficulty to be experienced, if the line is ever carried through. Eveu on the shortest lines of telegraph iu these latitudes there are frequent disturbances, caused by certain electrical conditions of the atmosphere, which render it almost impossible to receive or transmit a message. In the case of this traus-contiuental line these atmospheric disturbances must enrely occur at one part or another almost every day, perhaps every hour, daring five months iu the year at least, rendering the electric current entirely inoperative. This is a diffi culty too, which, in the present stage of discovery, cannot be overcome. Telegraphic communication with Europe in connection with these efforts of South Australia is sccariug a large share of public attention iu the colo nies, aud the opinion gains ground that in the face of so many difficulties, such as those we have pointed out, other means than that adopted by Sonth Australia must be looked for. There can be no other thau deep-sea cable commnuication, and none but a western route can eyer meet: the re quirements of Australia, aad we are glad to learn that this is the prevalent opinion in Melbourne and Sydney. As often as delays and disappointments are reported aud fresh difficulties arise, this opinion is strcngthcucd, aud the desire for action in another quarter becomes the more intense. We be lieve it was entirely through sharing iu the saugaiuc expectations of South Australia that the governments of Victoria aud New South Wales de clined, or at least deferred, ex-tcudiug the required support to a jjrojoei submitted at the end of last year for arfinHlfoiiiiTg cable communication by a western route. It will be remembered that a scheme, projected in London, was laid before the Victorian govern ment by the Superintendent of Telegraphs here, and ofwhich the Mel bourne Argue to some lengthy comments remarks, 'This project has mani festly great advantages over those that have been pnt forward from time to time. In bringing communication from the outer world direct to Melbourne, it extends to this rolony the metropoli tan position itshould occupy, and with it many other desirable advantages, for, of course, deep-sea cables are greatly superior to overland lines in a work of magnitude, connecting dis tant countries. Moreover, by the cable route proposed we should be about 3,000 miles from Java Head, while by the Sonth. Australian overland scheme wo should be abont 3,800 miles, nearly 3,000 of these being aerial lines, subject at all times to accident and interruption ; and besides, there are 600 miles pass ing through. Dutch territory, under Dutch management and control. As far back as 1860 the Legislative As sembly voted an annual subsidy of £15,000 for 21 years to induce a company to connect this colony with any portion of the India and European Telegraph lines, and in the same year the Government of New South Wales voted £10,000 a-year for a like period, but the project put for ward fell to the ground, and now the great enterprise, pluck, and liberality of our Sonth Australian neighbours, in undertaking the work single handed, entitles them to such great consider ation, that doubtless onr own Govern ment will pause before offering to support another line, even though a better one. It is true this colony is nnder no promise to share financial responsibility in the Sonth Australian scheme, nor has it yet been invited to do so, but at the recent Conference a good understanding was apparent that the several governments should share in the work when completed. Of coarse the project now submitted to the Government was not then before us, «nd it is probable the com pany may yet be induced to carry out the work.' The nature of the project referred to, and the route proposed, will be gathered from the following communication sent by Mr. Fleming to the Chief Secretary of Victoria, the Hon. Gavas Dcfft, which we extract from a report of the Melbourne. Chamber of Com merce: — Sib, — I have the honour to place before you, in mere preliminary form, the outline of a proposal made in London for establish ing Telegraphic Communication direct from Melbourne to Europe ; and I am instructed to ascertain whether the Govern ment of Victoria favourably entertain the project, eo far at least as to warrant any further expense and trouble in entering fully into the matter in negotiations with your Government. (1). It is proposed to lay a Submarine Cable from Cape Otway to King George Sound, Wost Australia, and to take up the communication thence by Land Lines to a point on the West Coast of that colony at or near Champion Bay or Cape Cuvier, as may be found most suitable, and from thence by Submarine Cable to Java Head, connecting Singapore for the present by the existing communication between Batavia and Singapore, but ultimately by another cable direct from Java Head to Penang. joining there the cable and bind systems of India and Europe. (Chart enclosed.) (-2). The distance in straight lines from Cape Otway to King George Sound is 1250 knots. Land lines thence to Champion Bay or Cape Cuvier would be about 500 aud 800 statute miles, aud the distances respectivelyfrom Cham pion Bay a:iJ Cape Cavier to Java Head, without deviation, are respectively 1400 knots and 1150 knots. (3). The Projectors are prepared to lay and i]nninh»in a suitable cable between cither of the last- mentioned points, i.e., Java Heal and Cape Cavier or Champion Bay. The Government of West Australia are now erecting substantial Land Lines in the direction indicated, all passing through settled country ; and the Govern ment of Victoria are asked to lay, and maintain, at their own expense, the second Cable, namely, that between Cape Otway and King George Sound. (4). The original cost of cable communication is great compared with the original cost of a land system of Telegraphs, as that projected by the Government of South Australia, but this is fully met by the means of more ex peditious communication, by the most expensive maintenance of long land lines passing through unsettled country, the loss of traffic consequent upon frequent and unavoidable interruptions, and many prac tical difficulties in working them. (5). But apart from questions of original cost, the project now put forward has manifestly the merit of supplying the means of direct and continuous Telegraphic Coin. munication. fitted to the requirements of Victoria, and such, indeed, as must ensure the major traffic of the Australian colonies against any other route or means that can possibly, projected ; and though it is not doubted the Cables would prove remunera tive to the investment of capital, it is found necessary to secure some Governmental interest and financial responsibility in carrying out such an undertaking. (6). The Cables being deep-sea lines require no heavy outer sheathing, and would rest as secure as those in the Atlan tic; still, consulting permanency above mere cheapness, the Projectors estimate the cost of their Cables when laid at £240 per knot; the cost, therefore, of the section proposed to be laid at the expense of Victoria, would amount, roundly, to £300,000. (7). But, should your Government not be disposed to enter upon the cost of construc tion, aud take the working of the Capo Ot way — King George Sound section into your own hands, I ain instructed to say the Projectors are prepared to lay, work, and maintain both Cables, completing the whole system, upon receiving a guarantee from you of — (1) the exclusive right to laud and hold Submarine Telegraph Cables in your Colouy, directly or indirectly con nected with India or Europe, for a period of twenty years ; and v~) a payment of £?20,000 per annum lor a term of fifteen years, as a fixed subsidy during that period, covering the transmission of all Official or Public service Messages through the Cables, from and to Victoria, and the neighbouring Colonies of New South Wales, Tasmania, and Queensland, leaving you to make such arrangements with the Governments of these Colonies as you think lit. (8). In this case a Company to be known as the ' Anglo- Victorian Submarine Tele graph Company' would be projected iu London to c;irry out the work. This, briefly, is the propose! I am in structed to submit for the favorable con sideration of your Government, and I beg your reply, before tho next outgoing 'English MaiL I have, &c.; &c;, J. C. Flemixg. The following is the official reply : — Chief Secretary's Office, Melbourne, Nov. 1, 1872. Sir, — The Chief Secretary has received your letter of the 2(ith ult., containing a proposal fur the laying of a mibmariue cable to Kiug Gcorgo Sound, to be coa nected there by means of a land line, with another cable from the West coast to Java Head. I am desired to say Mr. Daffy would be much pleased to see a telegraph line to unite Australia with Europe, and especially such a ono as you propose; bnt he cannot at present, while one line is almost available, undertake to recommend to Parliament to construct another from Western Australia, or to pay such a heavy subsidy for the transmission of official messages by the proposed mute. I have, &c.;, &c.;, W. H. Odgebs. The Melbourne Chamber of Com merceat that time entertained the same views, whilst highly approving of the route and project, as sees in the fol lowing extract in a communication from the Secretary: — ** By a committee of this Chamber I am desired to say that, pending a trial of the transcon tinental line of telegraph now in course of construction by the South Australian Government, and soon to be opened, the Chamber would not be warranted in any efforts to influence onr Government in favor of another ; aud, moreover, any action of theirs would be obviously useless at present, seeing that the Chief Secretary has already given a similar decision in the matter.' The defects of tho Sooth Australian project being now more apparent, it in not surprising the views of six months ago are wonderfully changed, and we tru6t the revival of the Anglo- Victorian Telegraph project, which we learn is about to be made, will be completely successful. Or/B contemporary of Friday last is far more complimentary than we had any reason to expect, and actually deigns to agree with, us that the £35,000 loan should not be rejected. This is a mercy for which we should be, and are, very grateful ; but, in that spirit of friendliness which onr worthy citizen Mr. L. S. Lgaeb expressed to wards the Government when he said that ' when he saw it going wrong he would check it, and try and set it right, ' we shall also endeavour to set our contemporary right in a mistake he has fallen into when he says we spoke snecringly of the tour of observation made by Messrs. Decm&iond;, Gull, and Fkaser. We had no inten tion whateverofsneeringat the services performed by these worthy gentlemen ; on the contrary, we are as fully im pressed as our contemporary with the value of the service they have gratui tously rendered the colony by the said tour of observation. Still, we must adhere to our question, — Are we not virtually, notwithstanding what they have done, in the same position of ignorance, as regards professional facts and figures, as we were before ? Only this time we will italicise the word ' professional,' as it appears to have been overlooked. We contend that it is professional information which the Secretary of State requires ; and we are not in a position to know, with all due respect to the acumen of the three gentlemen named, that any one of them could, eveu were he a fully quali fied Civil Engineer, compile from a casual observation, such as a ride over the ground would afford, those facts and figures only to be obtained by a Railway Surveyor, after having taken levels and measurements, which would warrant the Government, the Legisla tive Council, or the Seceetaey of State in believing what would be the cost, by nearest approximation, of a railway to the Eastern districts. We do not mean to give the sligbest offence to any one concerned, but wo think oar contemporary will also agree with us that the report, uot yet pub lished, however satisfactory to us it may be, as proving tho practicability of the route chosen for a railway, must leave us virtually in our former posi tion of ignorance as to those data which will alone be accepted by Eael Kxmbeulev as indicative of the expen diture necessary for the work proposed. A debate of peculiar interest to this colony at the present moment, took place in tbe House of Lords the other day relative to the proposed application of the system of Responsible Govern ment to the colony of the Cape of Good Hope. It appears that the state of public affairs in that colony had arrived at a dead lock, and the Government found it impossible to get the necessary supplies from the Legislature. A Bill providing for a representative form of Government was introduced into the the local parliament by the Ministry, with the view of providing a remedy for the stagnation which prevailed throughout the colony, but the Legislature had not taken kindly to the Biil. In the Lower House it had been carried by a majority of one only, a considerable number of members who had been returned for the purpose of opposing it having voted in its favour. In the Upper House it had been rejected by a majority of three. The colonists, generally, disliked the proposed change, but there were suspicions that the Home Government were disposed to exert over them something more than a mere subjective influence. The Marquis of Samsbuey, who called attention to the subject in the House of Lovds, asked Earl Kimbekley whether, nnder the circumstances, he intended to press the adoption of the system of Responsible Government without giving to the people of the colouy au opportunity of expressing their opinions upon it. Responsible Govermeut, the noble marquis said, — aud we commend the observation to the consideration of such disinterested patriots as Mr. J. G. Lee Steeke — was no doubt a very good thing in the eves of those who were anxious to obtain office, but it was less so in the eyes of those who Lad only the good of their country at heart. It had answered very well in England, bnt it had not done so well abroad ; aud no government had ever thought of applying the system to a colony where the popn'ation was not tolerably homogenous. The Cape of Good Hope, moreover, is a poor and a struggling oiie, aud one which tho noble marquis contended had certainly not reached a degree of cnlture which rendered it a desirable subjnet for the proposed experiment. The same objection, iu our opinion, operates with much greater forco in our own cs.se, and, were an opportunity afforded our fellow-colonists to express an opinion upon the desirablity of entering upoii Responsible Govern ment or not, it would doubtless be discovered that the majority of souud tliinking men would be found opposed to such a change. That a spirit of dissatisfaction with the existing state of affaire is prevalent, it would be useless to deny; but few, we opine, would be prepared to advocate a iransition from the existing form, of government to a system of responsi bility. The predominant sense of the country, we take it, ie opposed to any violent changes. To the operation of whatever causes tbe existing con ditions of things may be traced, the adoption of Responsible Government, we very much fear, would not put an end to our present embarrassment. Earl KntBEBLEY in replying to the Marquis of Salisbury Baid that the Imperial Government had formed no determination ou the subject, think ing it would be better left to the discretion of the Government on the spot. The problem is one of the most difficult that the Colonial Office has to solve. Sir Philip Wodbhousb, the former Governor, had declared that nothing could be weaker than the present system obtaining at the Cape, and be had therefore proposed a measure of a directly contrary tendency, which was placed at the election of 1869 prominently before the attention of the constituencies, who emphatically rejected it. All that the Colonial Office has done in the matter has been to say, ' Either you must adopt one plan or tbe other — either return nearer to the position of a Crown colony, or go forward to that of the system of responsibility.' As to the objection on the part of the colonists to adopt the latter alternative, the noble Earl admitted that it was only natural for gentlemen not to be desirous of commitfcingpolitica! suicide, and Her Majesty's Government were not prepared to recommend so rash a step. In fact, the Home Government has given very little attention to the question, and has, as yet, formed no determination on the subject; but considering the movement which had been caused in the colony by the discovery of diamonds, and the con sequent immigration which had followed on that event, the present time seemed to the noble Earl at the head of Colonial affairs peculiarly favourable for the proposed change. Earl Grey regretted to perceive that Her Majesty's Government were so little alive to tbe magnitude of the question at issue, and the importance to the colonists of an early and satis factory solution of tbe problem, which, doubtless, was a difficult one to solve The noble Earl, the Secretary of State for the Colonies, had certainly shown no reason for the introduction of a responsible form of government into a colony like the Cape, where the popu lation was not homogeneous. The history of New Zealand had been a pregnant warning against the pre mature introduction of party Govern ment into snch colonies, and it might be laid down as an axiomatic rule that it was impossible for a responsible Government to deal successfully with diversified races and class antagonism. 