WAGGA WAGGA. The weather during the past week has been unbearably hot and close, and from all quarters we have reports of extensive losses caused by bush-fires. One- third of the Marar run has been burnt off, and eleven miles of fencing destroyed ; the sheep, owing to the luxuriance of grass, be ing with great difficulty saved. On Junee, North Junee, Coolamin Holes, Benerembah, Groongal, North Yanco, and many other runs, fencing to a greater or lesser Extent has also been destroyed, and great quantities of feed have been cleared off. Owing to the general abundance of the latter, however, the loss in this respect will cause but little inconvenience, though the fencing destroyed will take a good deal of capital to replace. Stock generally are in excellent condition, and the satisfactory news brought by the Suez mail of the improving state of the European wool market, and the increasing demand for Australian preserved meats, all point to the setting in of a prosperous season for our pastoralists. In the local market the holi days have to some extent interfered with busi ness, and we have heard of but few transactions having been concluded. Fat cattle are fairly inquired for, but few lots are offering - vendors, as a rnle. nreferring to take their chance in the Victorian, markets rather than accept the terms of buyers here. Best bullocks may be quoted from £5 10s. to £6 10s., and other classes in proportion. Fat sheep are in very limited request at nominal rates. Store cattle of really good quality are in fair request, but the excessive demands of vendors _ check speculation, and prevent the transaction of business. Inferior lots are only saleable at low rates. Best bullocks may be quoted worth from £4 to £5. For store sheep of all classes there is .a good demand, but young sheep are mostly in quired for, and any good lots offering would meet with a ready sale at full rates. Mr. G. A. Elliott — P., R., and Co. — reports the sale of 4000 very fine ewes for Mr. G. H. Greene to Mr. A. G. Jones at full rates. The local stock movements are — 204 fat cattle belonging to Mr. Strickland, of Bundaburra, have passed for the Melbourne market. Mr. John Rand, of Oura, has started 146 head of fat cattle for Melbourne, and Messrs. J. and W. O. Windeyer, of Wantabad- gery, 170 head for the same destination, both lots consigned to. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. — Express, December 29. 