TASTOUAL INTELLIGENCE. . À great, deal bus been said and written about the Eiifflish-ljred horse Tim Whinier, who was recently imported to Victoria ; and ,that ho wu« un out-and-outer in lila day no ona will have' tho / temerity to deny. X contení torary sayn ¡-** He lett behind him In the, oldfcou"try» »ereilet, the property of Sir Joseph Hawley* who., had ßfte lived, would undoubtedly have proved the beat filly oi lier year. It mu«t therefore he a source of »atiafactlon to breeders to learn that a yearling colt hy Tim Whiffler, out of Cherwell; .was sold at .lancaster in September, to Lord Lonsdale fer BOO gnineai," ? . A correspondent of thc Queenslander says : -"I feel it my duty tn inform you and all persons connected , with cattle tu nt I nm con vi ii oed, that lteroBtma oil is a must excellent remedy for pletiro-pneumniila. if the disease hus p:<i«ed Into thy third and Inst stugo before belüg noticed, and tho aiilmul ls Buttering acutely, one wlneglasaful is » sufficient dose; but If noticed ut un earlier btu go, two tvinrglutsftils may. bo given'with aafuty. In nil casen «ovoiitj- two honra inustelnpso between each dose, oftener ls quito unnecessary, mid would only Irritate the mi im ni. I'atieuce und gentleness should bo exercised lu the udinlnlRtraMon of tho oil. Four or five doses will 'be found nullicleat to rffect u complete oure." ; 1 What the Central Australian calls '.' a liulicroiisuflalr "- though wo falito seo where the laugh quince In-happened ut Wilcannia the other morning, hy which twenty-Ore enies of "Momba " woul went frillly floating dow» the stream, mid would linre been Inevitably lost hud not Mr. E. Martin und some Mucks quickly come tn the nwiic. It appears that, the punt willoh was lying loude'l cot ngroutid, tho steamer Wentworth propping lier np on the river »ldc Upon tho steamer going "ahead " the punt was on the point ol'capsizing, and would have becomo a total wreck had not prompt measures been taken hy cutting awiiv tho outer tier of bales, aiH allowing them tu slide Into the'river. The punt then righted Itself, mid the Immersed bales were luckily nil saved, und ure now undergoing the process of drying. The following extracts from tlio correspon- dence of ii business house In West. Maitland liav» bien kindly furnished to tho MuMuul Mcrcitry :-?? Doondi, lîall.mnc Uiver, NOT. 20, 1372.-I was surprised to mid that very little ruin had fallen in this part during loy ub.iciicc, conneí¡iientlv leed Is very dry ami un backwater. Country not Inoklnp; well, mid weather very sultry and unpleasant."-" Curra Wlllluglil Culgoa Uiver, Nov. 1871'.-Tho weather lina been dull and heavy tho lust two duyx ; wo would Uko to iee enough rain to freshen up tho water.- Nov. "Jl-Light ruin ls fulling this mernina.-Nov. 23-Tho Ilarwoii is reported fnrdahloat Collu ri mia bri and Walgett, though liigli coojon ut Iluurko to admit of steamers comlnc up i eomo ure dally expected iliare. Only a small ([uuutlty of rain fell here the day before ycsle: - *ny ; lt was heavier down the Ureo. To-duy ls beautifully fina and looks settled." Thc season progresses favourably. The past ?week, BayB ilio I/uy Ütunúmrd, has been coul und pleasant fur nummcr time, ThoRrussliopperH bu ve como our way but not In numbers sufficient to cau?e any a'arin. Thoro ts mote Hoe d, wt'.ter coming down the Murrumbidgee, which will lengthen tito period ol'navigation. There i)re a goodly number of fat ?tock on tho way to J tay. The following ure the crowing for the week : iíDtli-4400 young ewe» from Willurah to Clare, lion. Wm. Campbell*!*, caro ot BUnov. 80th-2200* tnt wethers for Melbourne, from Thononga. Hubert Chirnsido und Co.'fl, caro of John Burns. COOl) mixed sheep, coing to Calimo from Turlee, are crossing to*day. 4520 owes have lolt Wardry, Wraddo nud Hearne^ for Kilfera, tho stfltion of Joseph M'Doimltl, Esq., on 20th ult., care of Angus Blither land. Our Wentworth correspondent under date 21th Nov. wrltesi- Flshsr and Koch for t's 15,000 mixed slie«p crossed eu routo for Qannwnrra ; Taylor's imported TUB ni un inn rams are close hore, and will cross early in the week. The Riverina Herald repot ts tho following crossings at Echuca :-November 27th-100 fut rattle, Cameron's; 60 fat cattle, Brennan's, Billa- bong ; 260 fat cattle. Moore's, laohlan. 28th-140 fat cattle, E. £. and W. Moore's, Aratula. \ Our report of local stock news for this week (says the Wagga Wngga Advertiser) I» unusually deflolent In events and transactions of general Interest. Tho state of tho weather hos been a puzzle ? to every ono ; the variations of temperature, the occasional showers, the threats of thunder- storms not realised, and the generalmugginess" nf the at- mosphere being subjects of common remark. The river, which rose nearly 7 feet between Friday evening and Sunday after- noon, bringing the level up tn 22 feot:S Inches above tho summer Uno, nos again fallon, and'la now.at ll feet 0 inches, or about 4 feet lower than when we last reported under this head. Throughout tho district wa hear lathing but satisfac- tory accounts as to the quality of feed, and although lt waa thought that tho quantity of grass-seed would bo a groat an- noyance to shoepowners, we are'glad'to hoar that the late rains have beaten the seed out, and rendered lt comparatively i harmless. Water ls mill abundant In all quarters, and noth- I lng hut bush-fires, willoh of course , fauva to. be dreaded, can Interfere with tho continued success, of the season. . We be llovo that the "grasshopper" nulsanoo has been very much exaggeautod, not only here, but In other paru of tba country adjacent.'. At all events, our correspondents do nat report any great ra vegas; aud it Is proVuble that we shall hear no more of the " merry grigs." Although . the showers have been but oooaslonal, a great deal of rain . has fullon, aad . not a. little damage has been dono to standing crops In ennse sequoneo. The demand for fat estilo, especially for primo sorts and light weights, willoh are very scarce, still continues, and prices range high. In ml sheep positively nothing has been dono. Very fow lots are offering, and the demand not extraordinary, H to re ai ul o aro Inquired for In all directions ; bnt tho supply still falls very far short of tho demand, Well bred store bullocks of all ages, and cows for breeding, can meet with a ready salo at high figures. The Inquiry for store sheep of all classes ls as brisk as ever ¡ but very few aro offer- ing, und owners hold bank eales; In what we believe to be well-warranted confidence that prices will udvanco consider- ably. With the exception of 1M good-quullty rams, and £0 head of horsss, no stock ot liny kind has crossed the bridge slnoo last Friday. The local sales during tho week havo been confined to tho following:-Messrs. Wilkinson, Hann, and Oo, have sold 900 head nf store cattle,- mixed tiges and sexes, to Mr. V. Hoger», for Mr. John Bmltli, br Kyamba i 60 very Erl me stores, for Mr. V. Chisholm, nf Bull'» lieu, to Messrs, owon and M'Alister ¡ both lots at satlsfootory pr leos; also, a small lot of owes and 85 rams, for Mr. Jas. Cochran, of Wldglawa, to Mr. A, G. Brook, of Conapaira. Mr. U.A. Billot has sold 3*7 good-quality bullocks, for Mr. B. Phillips, of tho Hogan, to Messrs. Angus Robertson and Co. t also, for the same owner, 200 well-bred cows,. to Mosers. Devlin and Holloway ; both lots at - top prloes and on , favourablo terms. 