MINERS’ DEMONSTRATION AT SANDHURST. —Corres. Wagga Express. The Herald's correspondent writes :—“ The meeting which was convened for Saturday evening, at the Lyceum Theatre, for the purpose of forming a work ing miners’ association, proved a most unqualified success, so far as number 'of audience and enthusiasm went. The mayor of the city was announced to occupy the chair, but through indisposition was pre vented from attending, and Mr Henry Hattam was ap pointed in his stead. A letter was read from Mr Mackay, M.L.A, stating that he fully sympathised with the miners in the steps they were about to take in order to protect their interests, but thought it would be unwise for him, for many reasons, to take any active part in the formation of the meditated association. He, however, enclosed a cheque for £lO, an announcement that was received with great cheering. Two working miners then pro posed and seconded the first resolution, and fully ex plained the objects sought by the formation of a miners’ association, and also the reason of the miners for leaving work in the three claims ho w at a stand-still. It appears that the offers made to the men, and re jected by them, were that they should submit to a reduction of 3s per week, and also work half an hour .longer than at present, viz, eight and a half hours, or continue to receive £2 5s per week for fifty-four hours’ work. Mr Clark, M.M.8., spoke to the resolu tion, and earnestly begged of all present to join the society. They proposed, he said, to raise a fund sufficiently largo to secure the workmen their proper and legitimate rights, and to enable them; to withstand the grasping demands of capitalists. He thought it would be advisable to associate the now society with the Miners’Accident Society. Mr Clark stated that already 200 members had joined the asso ciation, and that they had received promises of cordial support aud assistance from'directors and managers of some of the largest claims in the district. After ex plaining the advantages that would accrue to miners by their, joining the ranks of the association, the speaker resumed his seat amidst prolonged cheering. Other speakers followed, and urged all. present to prove their sympathy in the movement by at once enrolling themselves. It was decided that an entrance fee of 2s 6d be charged, and a subscription of 3d per week. A large number of those present at once joined the association, and there cannot bo a doubt, from the very enthusiastic manner in which the matter has been taken in hand, that before long a very large fund will bo accumulated, and the working miners of Sand hurst placed in such a position that nothing hut a united action of employers could effect a reduction of wages, or in any way interfere with what' are now understood to bo the miners’privileges.” . Death of Mr James Walter Burke. —Nows reached Buckingbong at three o’clock on Monday morning, 29th January, that a fierce bush,fire wa? raging on the boundary line of the Yanco and QiU embah runs. Orders were then given by Mr Francis Jenkins for every available man to repair to the scene of the conflagration, Mr Burke, who had charge of the sheep of that station, being included in the number. Mr Burke endeavored to get ahead of the fire, but was not able to do so, and his' horse having fallen be was stunned and burned to death. So severe was the fire that passed over him that every stitch of his clothing was burned to cinders; his left eye was also completely burned,- and his back so severely scorched, that those who witnessed the shocking spectacle'will never forget it as long as'they live, - In the midst, of the Borrow which now effects his relations and many friends, it must be a great relief to them to know that Mr Burke must have'been insensible when the fife passed over him; arid was so up to the time of his death; which occurred at four o’clock p.m., at the 1 Gillembah hotel, to which house ho .had been carried after the accident.- 