ORANGE. Circumstances over which I had no control prevented me from sending you on last week the result of the meeting held in this town to give expression to the public opinion on the proposed Land Bill. As was generally anticipated, the Bill was heartily condemned. Not a solitary voice was raised to defend one single provision of it. All heartily and earnestly determined to oppose, by every means in their power, a mea sure characterized, with no feeble voice, as one of the worst ever introduced to any country by a metnber of any legislature. A meeting was also held in Mudgee, attended, it is said, by. thousands, where it was also con demned in the most unmistakable manner;. What will Sir James and Mr. Robertson think of this earnest unanimous condemnation of their lord- creating measure ? How will thev, in the face of the intelligence and common sense of the whole country, persist in destroying, instead of improving the present state of things ? If they were present at the Orange meeting, they would, I think, be a little startled (although, I believe, not easily done), to hear how clearly their little game was exposed ; and how ably it was shown that the best interests of the country would be seriously affected if this Bill became the law of the land. The poor squatter and the struggling free selector would, in a few years, be things of the past, and the " rich squatter," and the " land jobbing capitalist" would be, what it is said our present administration wish them to be, " lords of the soil." Yes, sir, lords of the soil, and make this free and fertile country a land of " landlord and tenant." When I 'think of the fear ful significance of these words, " landlord and tenant ;" when I think that they mean tyranny on one side, and slavery on the other ; and when I call to mind the harrowing picture of blank, black, heartrending desolation, which I have witnessed in poor, but noble old Ireland and which I have read of in industrious, uncon- quered Scotland, I am obliged to exclaim with all my heart, may the day never dawn on which a measure, calculated to produce like results, can ever have any chance of becoming the law of this land ! I would then say to the "poor squatter," to the free-selector, to the miner, and to the tradesman (for all are inter ested) : Raise your voices, exercise your privi leges against this stupid measure, and show the concoctors of this bill that, if they succeed in retaining their present pay and power, it will not be at the expense of the rights of this generation and the freedom of the next. I will not, sir, trouble you more on this subject for the present. There is no man, of even ordinary intelligence, who reads this bill, but will con- atimii it yyiill nit; wnuiu sueiigiii uj. win. There is little else of consequence to' notice since last you favored me with a place in your columns, if I except the fact that the whole youth — and, indeed, age, too — of this district have been much of their time pleasure-seeking with an avidity seldom before noticed. The god Cupid is said to preside over pleasure as well as love. His godship, therefore, must have been very busy indeed in this district alone since the commencement of the holidays, for we have had horse-racing, cricket-playing, foot racing, picnics, and even a party of our athletic young men went off with evident plea sure to quench a bush-fire, making some pro gress at a few miles distant from the town. Speaking of cricketing, I .would notice that a match was played here on St. Stephen's Day — Bathurst v. Orange. It was a beautiful cool day. The players were regaled at Torpy's Hotel, and it is enough to mention this gentleman's name to say they were well and generously pro vided for ; but I would rent hid the young gen tlemen who hail from the city of the plains, that if they wish to preserve for themselves, as a whole, the name of possessing even a moderate amount of gentlemanly conduct, they will leave after them, the next time they favor us with a visit, an umpire whose decisions, in two in stances, were justly and generally condemned. A 