?c i c ii M 6 iv )i it i v E it. GA\SIÍ\0.. [mOM OÜB OWN OOBItEBPONDENT.] SEI'TEMIIEK 20TH.-A.ftcr\dry parching weather, nnd brown scorched looking plaint, \roIIowed by bushfire!, which cnniumeil all tho »cunt vegetation, ind left nothing but.Muck onoil stubble, lng», and troe trunks, we have had a couple of day's good heavy sud hourly rain, tho result Isa pleasant chango In the aspect of uaturo, although I fonr tho approaching iiunmor will soon bring back tho dull brown hue. There is quite nnexndus truro, the Richmond towards tho various minos-a largo number having left within tho last few wooka. I believe the Prospectors employed hy tho Upper Richmond Rlvor Prospecting Company, aro out endeavouring to obtains thorough knowledge .of our mineral rotourcus, but I havo not heard of their having mot any success up to tho present, however there (a a large tract of country to exploro yet. ? Tho neces^y lor »»tither (steamer io our rivor is becoming dally moro apparent, or at any rate, ono which will mako mora expeditious trips than tho Susannah Cuthbert doe«. I learn that sha could not tako half tho freight which was on tho wharf at Sydney for her last trip, and the farmer» hero cannot got their corn to market at any pr leo, No wonder If they should tum to mining or something olio. Local events si\n> to havo inspired nomo of our writers willi pnotlo fine -not only In our local Journal ls tho result visible-hut I am told (lt ls only whispered however) thntt in «orno of tho Sydney paper« tho emanations from tho kindling ot tho spark divino, aro visible. I cannot vouch for the correct- ness of tho latter statement, however I supposa a good ilonl of patlcnco and good tempor may carry a man through, «ven If ho ahould bocomo tho hero or n song or poom. 1 would like to KOO rome ol' our musical friends-of whom thoro aro soveral good nmatours nbout Casino -getting up a conversiulone or something of that sun In aid of our School of Arti; aa tho Committee," although working hard, appear to bo malling llttlo headway ia tho matter of funds. I have hcaid that a Oration Rontlemnn will probably bo requested to furnish ns with a design Tor our proposed building and that Mr. Hawdon will nikko an effort lo get us a dcocnt tum placed on tho estimóle» tor tUo purposp. 