Agriculture, Pastoral. Weather and Crops. I-; :Iu : ?tropolitan district there has been much i -??-? ??*?:?, iu i-.e weather. Intense dry heat, followed ' v and moist days, which closed with, thunder ?*?-?.?? d left cool refreshed air. Vegetation in the ' avTu Cumberland looks well, not having as yet euMi-TC'i much from the summer weather. r ram Murrurundi, it ib reported by the Times of the 30th December that Sunday laBt was without exception the hottest day of the season. The birds actually dropped dead off the trees from the heat. In the evening the town ship was illuminated by bush fires on the ranges. About 5 p.m. a refreshing southerly breeze sprang up, accompanied with slight showers of rain. At Inverell, according to the Courier of the 27th ultimo, the past week has been ex tremely warm, the thermometer having ran up as high as 125 in the sun at the early hour of 9 a.m. Hot winds, toa, have visited us, although they have not continued [for any great length of time. Fortunately, as a rule, we have been favoured with light breezes, tending much to render the great heat more bearable than would otherwise be the case. On Wednesday hist, however, a sudden and somewhat pleasant change took place. A very violent blast of wind from the east, accompanied with hail and somewhat heavy rain, lasted for the space of an hour. The violence of the hurricane, we learn, was not particularly remarkable outside Inverell, but within the township it was exceedingly so. Many trees were lopped of some of their principal branches, corrugated iron sheets were carried from some of the roofs of structures, and in one particular instance fruit trees were completely cut in two. We heard of one crop of wheat having teen somewhat damaged by the violence of the wind and the effect of the hau, but in general the boisterous visitors were welcome. The Armidale Express of the 30th states that the intense heat of late— during which the ther mometer in the Express office was repeatedly at 88— was arrested on Wednesday, about noon, when a rain whhh lasted with Blight intermissions for twenty-four hours aet in from the £., after a little thunder. The ground was soaked, the creeks were high, and waterholes were filled. Since were have been a few misty showers from the E. There is rejoicing at the rain if dry weather will set in again for a short time, to enable the harvest to be secured. The Telegraph (Armidale) adds that the weather during the Christmas holidays was hot to an oppressive degree, and on Wednesday the heat culminated into rain, which continued with short intervals of stoppage up to Friday. Heaping has only partially commenced, many farms hold ing over until after the holidays, so that a gentle downpour, such as we have had, will occasion no material damage to the crops. As regards the hay, that has been nearly all gathered in and stacked ; the prices asked by the producers being very low. The Mercury of Saturday says, we have had (in Maitland) the finest rains this week which have fallen in any week since last winter. Up to Sunday last the weather had become increasingly hot, and on that day there was a warm wind all day, with at times a passing touch of that scorching feel on the face which distinguishes the true ' hot wind' of Australia— happily for us all, a much more rare visitor than he gets credit for. Vegetation of all kinds shrunk and got parched under the continual heats, and a dried up ' old Christmas ' was generally expected. But on Sunday evening a sudden change took place, the temperature sunk over twenty degrees in halfan hour (from 103 in the shade to 81), and a driving southerly dust storm succeeded to the warm westerly wind. On Wednesday, heavy showers fell. The rain that fell we have no certain way of measuring, but tanks filled up (in WeBt Maitland) nearly double as much as they had done in any week's rain since last winter ; while the light showers of the first two days had prepared the thirsty soil to take full advantage of the steady rain of Wednesday evening and night. Farmers are still anxious for some more moisture, and another day's rain would barely satisfy them ; nevertheless what has fallen has undoubtedly saved the early maize, which showed especial signs of languish ing. We learn from our Paterson correspondent that the rain there was light in character, but on Wednesday between Clarence Town and Brookfield and at Clarence Town, the showers were denser than any that fell in Mait land during the day ; at Stroud the rain has been much the same as in Maitland ; it was lighter towards the Sugarloaf and about Mount Vincent, and of similar character at Lochinvar, where its coming has had the combined effect of reviving parched vegetation and extinguishing bush fires. The Paterson correspondent states that that district expe rienced the rain above referred to, but observes that it is not as yet sufficient to supply our requirements— the ground at present being so dry, and everything in the shape of vegetation parched up to such an extent by the fearful heat of the weather during the last fortnight, that a couple of days of good soaking rain is necessary to supply all oar re At Burrangong (according to the Argus oi Saturday) the heat for the few days preceding Christmas-day was almost intolerable. On the 22nd the thermometer registered 102*, and, on the 23rd, 103' in the shade at the Post-office, in a comparatively cool spot. On the 24th (about midday) we had a little lightning and thunder, and a light shower of rain, which had the effect of cooling the atmosphere, aad making the holidays somewhat enjoyable. On Christmas day the maximum reached by the mercury was only 87*. Accounts have reached us of bush fires m the neighbour hood of Marengo, at Burramundra, near the Forbes Road, and in the Bland country. Last week there were extensive fires at Messrs. Chisholm and Church's, and also at Messrs. Burretf s at Euroka. At the latter place about a mile of fencing was destroyed. Wheat har vest may be considered finished. On some farms the crop is exceedingly heavy, but we have heard that rust shows in a few places ; altogether, however, if present reports are to be relied upon, the crop may be pronounced as goad beyond the average. A good fall of rain, to freshen up the grass and the crops of maize and potatoes, is much wanted. From Yass the Courier of the 2£th ultimo reports that the weather, although dry, has for several days past varied much in temperature. On occasions it has been quite cool and pleasant, while at other times it becomes excessively eultrv. Altogether the season is in every respect very favourable for harvesting operations, which are progressing steadily. We have heard a few complaints of a scarcity of hands, but do not' think that much inconvenience has arisen from this cause. The Wheeo correspondent of the Goulburn Herald writes, on the 27th ultimo, that farmers are now busily employed reaping their wheat. A great deal is now ripe; but hands are rather scarce yet. The crops generally are pretty good; but there are some decidedly bad; and it is worthy of remark that the worst crops were sows in March, whilst the best— and there are some really first class— were sown in April and May. It is the opinion of * fanners generally that the crop of this district taken as a whole, will not be more than an average one. There was a heavy thunderstorm between 2 and 3 o'clock on Sunday last. Some large hailstones fell, and fears of a hailstorm were entertained; but happily there was but little damage done. The weather is now all that could be desired for harvesting. Grass is very plentiful, and stock are in fine condition. At Ten- mile Creek (saya the correspondent of the.Aldury Banner, writing on the 28th ultimo) harvest operations are being vigorously proceeded with in all direc tions, as the weather lately has been favourable to their - prosecution. The hum of the stripping machine can now be daily heard in many places, as there are a large number of them now in the neighbourhood. From the great de mand which haaarisen Bince the wheat crops havenpened, it is evident that there are not too many of them yet. The rain and stormy weather which prevailed a few weeks ago did 'very great damage to the wheat ?crops 'by tossing them about ana laying many of them so flat to the ground that it is almost impossible to gather them with any description of machine whatever. The consequence is that very great loss is entailed, much of the wheat being left upon the ground. The general ave rage will, nevertheless, be very good, as the crops are un usually heavy, owing to the past favourable season ; but it is L possible yet to form an estimate of the probable yield with a sufficient degree of correctness. One or two farmers who are taking off their crop by the sickle are now experi encing great difficulty in obtaining sufficient reapers, pro bably owing to the fact that, machines being generally employed in this district, very few reapers pass along in quest of employment. It is stated by the Wagga Advertiser of Saturday that the weather has been fine, but comparatively cool. The most disastrous accounts continue to reach us of the destruction caused by bush- fires. On the Bland a tremendous fire, many miles in width, swept both sides of the creek. The Baddi gower, Wallondry, and Wyagong runs have also suffered seriously, and a great quantity of fencing has been de stroyed at Mara and North Junee. That plague of sheep cwners, the grac? Eeed, is very troublesome this year, and will cause great loss amongst the lambs and weaners. At Gundegai, says the Times of the 30th ultimo, during the present week we have had regular Australian Christmas weather. The thermometer has ranged from 98' to 100* durying the hottest part of the days, and languor, desire to wear light vestments, and to partake of cool drinks have been prevalent amongst our residents. Trying as the heat is, we believe our wine-growers are rejoicing in it, as giving prospect of a good vintage. Bush fires have evidently been prevalent, as the aspect of the sky indicated, and we believe one of large extent was raging on the Money Money Ranges on Wednesday. In the Cowra district, according to the Monaro Mercury of Saturday, the weather for the week has been rather cooler than previously. Saturday last was an excessively hot day, the thermometer recording 98' in the shade. A little rain has fallen, and a most agreeable change has taken place in the atmosphere. The country looks very well, and cattle and sheep are provided with ample provender. Farmers, in some localities, are getting in their craps, which promise to yield a bountiful harvest. The Shoalhaven intelligence by the News of Saturday, is to the effect that during the past week the weather has been very mild, and a good deal of rain has fallen, which was necessary to keep the maize crop in good health, which looks as promising now as ever we remember seeing it, and the farmers are sanguine of obtaining a good crop. We were shown, the other day, a small patch of the Planter's Friend, about a quarter of an acre, sown by Mr. Warren of Numba. From its healthy state and appearance, we are of opinion— &b; we always have been— that this very important plant may be grown te advantage in Shealhayen; and we sincerely hope that Mr. Warren will succeed in garnering his crop, so as to convince those farmers who are not very sanguine as to its success, that the Planter's Friend can be grown to per fection here as well as in the Northern districts. From the Manning, we learn by the News of Saturday, that the hopes of the farmers are again somewhat revived. If the drought had continued two or three weeks longer scarcely a bushel of corn would have been gathered in the entire district, most of the early maize having been dwarfed was coming into tassel although it was scarcely a foot high, and that which was planted later wore a very unhealthy appearance. A great deal of land yet remains unplanted; or having been planted, requires te be supplied with fresh eeed. The rain which has fallen during the last few -days has therefore been very acceptable, and as there is a probability of still more next week, agriculturists may now take courage and go on planting with renewed energy. The Macleay Herald of the 29th ultimo says :— It ought te be with feelings of thankfulness that the farmers and others in this district should welcome the change in the weather. For some time past the country has suffered much from want of rain, and it seemed as if a long drought had fairly set in. Happily, however, on Sunday last a thunderstorm arose, and passed over the town towards Port Macquarie and the Hastings. We had little rain here en that day, but on Monday the clouds again gathered, and in the afternoon copious showers descended. Tuesday morning was fine ; but towards evening more rain came, and since that tune up to last night it has continued raining steadily. This timely rain has been the saving of the crops in this district. The news from Yass by the Courier of the 2nd instant states that on last Saturday night, after an oppressively sultry day, a most refreshing shower fell. It was of short duration, but next morning a steady downfall took place and lasted for several hours. Since then the weather has been hot and dry, and yesterday was anything but congenial to out- of-door amusements. We understand no new wheat has as yet been brought into town. It is diffi cult to say what price will rule in Yass for the new crop, but so long as 5s. to 5s. 6d. is offered in Goulburn, the Yass price is not likely to be less than 4s. te 4s. 6d. per bushel. Except for the purpose of sending to Goulburn or Braidwood, the local consumption is very limited. ♦ ?? 