Exrwacrtoe or BUoSK-FoRES.-Wo understand that Mr. Thomas Sharp, of Widgiowa station, Urauna, is about to patent a machine, to be used in the extinction of bush-flres: Mir. Sharp, though he has felt for some time perfeootly confident of the practical value of his invention, and of its utility in extinguisheb ing bush-fires, yet desired to put its capabilities to the test of actual experiment before introducing it to the public. This we understand, has now been done, and with resulte so satisfactory that lines of bush-fires, by the aid of the machinery inovented by him, have been oxtingiashod at the rate of a mile in twenty minutes.-Wagga Wagea Express. ADELAIDE.-Friday.-It is officially intimated that the hobarge for messages from Adelaide to Port Darwin will be £L for 20 words, and that the charge from Port Darwin to London will be £8.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. ORANGE.-Thureday.-Mr. James Collins, inn keeper, Oadia Road, went out looking for horses on Saturday last, and has not returned. More than twenty residents are gone to search for him. They have been out three daye. At four p.m., his horse was found, but no sign of the man could bo discovered. -Wheat is quoted at 3e. 8d.-Tolegram to S. M. Herald. IesouwnED AT Noa.eT YASS, on 20th January, from Kurragong, by order of M. G. Smith, T'for trespass in grass paddock; sum duo set after each animal:-Bay hersn, star, saddle-marked, * over blotched brand like P or I with H over I sldeways off ebshoulder-14s. 6d.-On the 26th from Bange Oreeak, by order of Mr. F. Larkins, for -trespass in growing crop :-Strawberry heifer calf, no brande visible-10s. To be sold 15th February. I?reOUnDED AT BunnRreoaoN, on 26th January, from Gum Flat, by Mr. Edward Taylor ; en due asot after each animal:-Bay horse, ne or CJ over like Y over J (conjoined) near shoulder, inside near fore and both bind fotlocks white, otrips down face, collar- marked, 5 years, 156 hands-8e.-On 26th January, from Young, by Mr. P. King :-Red and white or brown and white bullock, 66 near rump, c. over M off rum, 4 years-6Oe. To be .aold 16th January. I'OroeOjnoas AT J'OonesIa, on 29tn Jaunary, from Bald Hill, by Mr. O. Coonoy; sum duo sat after oeacoh animal:--Blaok colt, JS or 53 near shoulder, FO off shoulder, star, hind feet white, unbroken, 3 years, 14 hands-8s; bay, mare, sj near shoulder, unbroken, 3 years, 146 hands-8s.-On eame date, from South Bundarbo, by order of h. Rose, Esq. : Bay horse, Mti near shoulder, and like olub near ribs, off thigh, roan patch on neckooff side, old fintula, aged, 14 hands--s; bay horse, DT'" ear shoulder, TA under 67 under DT near thigh, aged, 14& hands-8s.; dark brown horse, OR over 2 near shoulder,broknn, collar- marked, aged, 16 hands--8s.; obesnut colt, FO off shoulder, star and stripe, off fore foot white, unbroken, 3 years, 14 hands-8s. notices sent to auopoesd owners; obhosnt horse, l.i or RIL conjoined and M off shoulder, saddle-marked, aged, 14hands. To be sold 22nd February. IMPOUNDED AT MRENGO, on 20th January, froem Marengo station, by John Blroughton, Esq., J.P.; sum duo-10s. 6d. each:-Yellow bay maro, W over O or G (with faint brand like P reversed) over JE over X near shoulder, JO over X near ribs, W with faint brand like A off shoulder, star, collar-marked, white spot on back; bay mare, 6 over By near shoulder, hind feet white. To be sold 1tth Fob trary. 