SorNE IN A VICTOORIAN SHIREu COUnOIL. A Benalla journal gives the following par ticulars of a disgraceful fracas in the shire council of that place :-" All local topics this week oink into insignificance compared with the scene which took place in the coun cil chambers on Wednesday, just before the council met, between Councillor Clarke and the shire engineer, when a rough- and tumble fight took place between the two, the engineer pushed through one of the windows, and Councillor Clarke leaving a quantity of his blood upon the floor of the chamber. The immediate cause of dispute was undoubtedly Taminioc- road contract, about which more bad blood has been made than any one job undertaken by the council, and with reference to which we have not yet seen the last. It had come to the engineer's ears that Councillor Clarke had been ma liguing him, and on Wednesday he charged Councillor Clarke with having done so. The latter denied it, and after a few hot words called the engineer a liar. The latter re torted still hotter, and challenged Councillor Clarke to call him a liar outside. This he declined, and the two having been personal enemies for some time, they gave vent to their feelings and rushed at each other in the room, the engineer violently striking Councillor Clarke. The latter got his hand into Mr. Brown's mouth, and by giving him a peculiar grip, together with other assist ance from bystanders, kept the engineer's head in a new sort of chancery. Getting free somewhat, the latter then threw up his head, and managed to free himself from Councillor Clarke's grip, the next moment giving him a drive which out his face and sent him reeling, bespattering the floor with blood. Every effort was made to prevent this disgraceful ocourrence-disgraceful to both parties, and casting a slur upon the council; but it cannot be denied that Coun cillor Clarke brought his punishment in a great measure upon himself. He has never lost an opportunity of using his official posi tion to injure the engineer privately, and at the council table has frequently used the most opprobrious epithets towards him, on Wednesday, speaking of him as a ' fellow,' a ' menagerie-keeper,' and a 'bully.' The universal verdict is, so far as we can learn, it served him right, and that Councillor Clarke was in the wrong. But the engineer has other enemies in the council-Councillors Simson and Blackburae-and he committed the grave mistake of threatening what he would do for them if they did not discontinue talking of him behind his back. Councillor Blaclburno left the council chambers, and would not return, and very properly too. In committee the subject was brought before the council, when another scene nearly en sued, Councillor Clarke again using most nunwarrantable language towards the engi neer, and foolishly charging the proprietor of this journal with being the cause of the strife by ' writin' on him up and encouragin' him.' meaning the engineer." TiE ASCENT OF MOUNT LINDSAY.-This mountain is said to be the highest part of the Maopherson Range, and lies on the boundary-lino between New South Wales and Queensland. It is 5700 feet above the level of the soea. A correspondent of the Richmond River Express sends the follow ing account of an ascent made by two gen tlemen :-" Anyone who has travelled from Queensland to the Richmond River district, New South Wales, cannot fail to remember the wild and picturesque scenery through which the road leads him over the dividing range, and he could not have crossed it without especially observing the magnificent effect presented by Mount Lindsay, which at one spot towers immediately above them for upwards of 2000 foot, its base clothed with dense scrubs, surmounted by a stupendous and precipitous rook, giving the impression of some gigantic fortress frowning down upon the surrounding country. The ascent of this mountain, which hitherto has been deemed by most people to be impracticable, has been at length successfully accomplished by two gentlemen, Mr. T. do MI. M. Prior of Maroon station, Queensland, and Mr. Pears residing at Unumgar station, New South Vales. They performed the perilous ieat on Thursday, the let of this month, com meoncing the ascent from the road at nine a.m., returning to the same spot at five p.m. The ascent seems to be attended by no ordi nary amount of peril and difficulty, and could only be performed by bold and experi enced climbers, with the assistance of a strong rope, the main rock being almost per pondicular for about 600 feet, would be quite impossible without the aid of the trees which grow on its face. Unfortunately the weather was dull, so that the smoke from the fires which they lighted on the summit were, for some hours, barely visible, owing to the uniform grey tint of the sky. It however attracted the attention of the blacks, who, from the Queensland side, answered by signal-fires, and caused considerable conster nation among the Unumgar tribe, some of whom suddenly appeared with eager in quiries as to the cause of the startling ap pearance, muttering something about "debil, debil!" From the account of the gentlemen who so successfully scaled this mountain, the view must be most extensive. They could distinctly see the sea beyond Moreton Bay, though from the foreoshorten ing of the landscape, the bay itself was not visible, also the sea all down the coast beyond the mouths of the rivers Olarence, Richmond, and Twend. The most striking effect of sunlight occurred at sunset, plainly exhibiting the dense scrub on the summit. The sun, which had been almost entirely ob scured during the day, just as it dipped the horizon, made one expiring effort, and, bursting through the surrounding bank of clouds, sent the most splendid flame-coloured rays across the base of the mountain, light ing it up through the haze with which it was slightly enveloped, with the most delicate rainbow hues, finally resting on the pulpit rock of Mount Glennie; at the same time the crest appeared to be crowned with a roll ing volume of sulphur-tinted smoke standing out against the dull gray sky, the whole brilliant mass was thrown out by the sun lighted sombre green of the bush- ridges in the foreground. The effect was more lovely than can be imagined." RAILwAYS AT FiE THOUSAND DOLLnARS A MILE.-A wooden railway on the four feet eight and a half inches gauge is being con structed from the town of Sorel, at the con fluence of the Richelieu River with the St. Lawrence, through 1)rummondville, to Arthabaska, P.Q., by Mr. L. A. Senecal, contractor. The Montreal Herald gives a long account of a recent trip on the line. Upwards of two thousand men were at work, and the rails are laid on a large por tion of the road. An experimental trip was made, the train going at the rate of twenty five miles per hour, and running with re markable smoothness. The journal quoted furnishes the following interesting particu lars :-Tho ties, which are of hemlock and tamarack, are now brought down on trucks from the woods through which the railway runs; they are put on a rollway, run up to most ingenious circular saws, so gaged that at one operation they are morticed the proper depth and distance, not the difference of a hair's-breadth being found between one and another. As fast as they are out, and the operation is very fast indeed, the preo pared ties are rolled over to a different siding from that on which they were re ceived, an ordinary circular saw sides them, and they are loaded up to be run out to the place where they are wanted. The wedges for keying up the rails are also prepared here. The rails are of maple, four by seven inches, and fourteen feet long, the gauge of the line being four feet eight and a halt inches. The cost of the line, in which cost are included stations (nine in number), car and locomotive depot, engine and repairing shops, engine and tender, two passenger cars, eight grain-cars, and twenty- five wood cars, is five thousand dollars a mile, in full for all but the Yamaska bridge, which cost thirty-five thousand dollars. It should be mentioned that land damages, fences, &o.;, are included also in this amount. In pay ment it was agreed municipal and govern ment debentures should be taken at par, and nothing was to be paid except as work to the extent of ten thousand dollars was finished. The advocates of the uncomfort able narrow gauge railways which they claim are so cheap will do well to talke lessons from the foregoing. - Scientific American. A Onlous CALouLATIow.--The Barrow Times says that the speech of Sir John Coleridge in the Tichborne case occupied 140 hours, and is perhaps the longest speech on record. It is true that Burke's speech in the Warren Hastings trial, the whole of which lasted 148 days, has been oftentimes quoted as a specimen of forensic endurance, but it lasted only a little more than three days, merely a ninth-part of the time occu pied by the attorney-general. Brougham's speech on behalf of Queen Caroline, Lord Campbell's charge in the case of Palmer, and Lord Hope in the case of Madeline Smith occupied from seven to nine hours each. If average rates be calculated, then Sir John Coleridge must have spoken at the rate of 20 of our columns per diem of closely-printed matter. Now 26 days' speaking give 520 ordinary newspaper columns, containing, as near as may be, 112,000 lines-about one million words. If these 520 columns were stretched out end to end they would measure nearly 780 feet, and were the lines extended in the same way would measure about a mile and three quarters; taking each of the 520 columns at an average weight of 18 pounds, then the required weight of type would approxi mately be 90360 pounds. HUGE TcuEs.-In a report lately furnished by the Victorian Inspector of State Forests, that officer wrote when recommending the reservation of a certain area:-"On penetrating into many of the secluded spots near the source of the Watts, and on the spurs of the ranges in the vicinity, I met with large tracts of valuable timber, enough to supply all ordinary demands for many years if carefully preserved. In many places I observe large areas where the axe of the splitter is yet unknown, and where the timber averages from 100 to 150 trees per acre, with a diameter of from 2 feet to 6 feet and from 250 to 300 feet in height, the most of which are as straight as an arrow, with very few branches. In some places, where the trees are fewer and at a lower altitude, the timber is much larger in diameter, averaging from 6 feet to 10 feet, and frequently trees of 15 feet in diameter are met with on alluvial flats near the river. Many of the trees that have fallen through decay and by bush-fires measure 350 feet in length, and with girth in proportion. In one instance I measured with the tape-line one hugo specimen that lay prostrate acros: a tributary of the Watts, and found it to be 435 feet from its roots to the top of its trunk. At 5 feet from the ground it measured 18 foot in diameter, and at the extreme end, where it was broken in its fall, it is 3 feet in diameter. This tree has been much burnt by fire, and I fully believe that before it fell it must have been more than 500 feet high. As it now lies it forms a complete bridge across a deep ravine." ATTACKED BY A TASMANIAN TIGER. - A correspondent writes from Jericho informing the Hobart Town Mercury that on Saturday, 11th instant, Mr. James Jones was proceed- ing along the road towards the lake, and when on a run known as the Poolmarsh he was attacked by a largo tiger which came out of the scrub. Mr. Jones had a large stick in his hands, and succeeded in keeping the animal off; but he was followed by it for a distance of about half a mile. Mr. Jones says the tiger was the largest he ever saw, standing about five foot high. He had a dark collar, and was of a different species to the common tiger, which has white marks across its back, and a very yellow collar. DESERITION AND FELONY.-The following paragraph is taken from a Scotch newspaper: -" Information was received by the police in Dundee from Southampton that Captain George Pringle, Royal Engineers, who had absconded some time ago, after, as was alleged, embezzling £2000 of government money, was in Dundee. The police visited the Royal Hotel, and having a carte do visite and descripti~, of the person wanted, inquired if he lodged in the hotel. It was stated that a person corresponding to him had been living thre. The bedroom door was knocked at several times without a response, whereupon it was broken open, and the result was the person sought was found lying dead in bed, with a revolver in his right hand and his brains blown out. Information has been communicated to Southampton that the man so discovered is Captain Pringle. He gave the name of Forsyth to the hotel- keepers, and nearly i40 in money was found in his possession. Captain Pringlo had risen from the ranks, having joined the Royal Engineers as a carpenter, and received his commission for service in the Crimea. A man in Illinois advertises for his rin away'daughter, and says if her.lover will pay him 2 dole. 50 cents. he will. call'i square. Good young lady: "Little boy, have you ever been baptized ?" Small heathen:: O0 yes, mum; I've the mark here on my ared" An American rural paper remarkse: "Cold nights have put a stop to gate spark ing. If she doesn't ask you to'comein now, you had better quit." Because a Fort Wayne woman klept her bed-bug poison on the same shelf with her preserves, she don't have to' :mend her Johnny's trousers any more.--Ameriian paper. An American editor says he once partook of a beverage so very strong that he could not tell whether it was brandy or a torch light procession that was going down.his throat. A return just presented to the Victorian legislature showing the amount of duty paid by the Geelong woollen companies on the importation of machinery and dyes, offers an instructive illustration of the way in which a protective tariff fosters native industry. By way of facilitating produc tion and stimulating enterprise, the author' of the Franciscan system of taxation caused the following imposts to be exacted fromithe two companies : Victoria 'Aibe Company. C:mpasi. Duty on machinery.. £778 6 0 ... ?624' 185'0 Do. on dyos .. 62 19 0 : 8?.; 9 Do. woodenware, &c.; 7 7:6 : " ~ 48 Total .. .. £888 12 6 .. 70381('6 Thus a sum of £1592 9s. has been extorted from a struggling industry' in the name-of protection; and there are people insane enough to apologise for 'nd advocate this mischievous device for taking money'ii't o f? the pockets of importers under pretence of developing enterprise and subsidising manu factures! . A youngster of literary tastes lately ded cribed Darwin as the one who believed " wn degenerated from a monkey.". A shrewd confectioner out west has taught his parrot to say " pretty creature" to ever lady who enters his shop. His .business is rapidly increasing. A clergyman at Council Bluffs marries couples by weight, charging four cents a, pound for the'groom and two for thh bride. 