W? ATTLE OR MIMOSA CULTURE. SOME thirty years ego a Scotch gentleman, located on the Merri' Merri Creek, near Mel bornie, attempted the cultivation of the green wattle,. or..mimosa, botanically known as acaoia deouirrene, then as now celebrated for the excebllet' tannic properties of its bark. The trial was at first unsuccessful, tlihe seehaving'failed to germinate. Several modes of sowing, were tried. .It was sown brotdtaet, harrowed'in, ploughed in, planted like' maize, sowed without covering, and brirshoiod spread over the .land, after the seed'was sown, and' burned; the last-plan was: suggested by a Sydney gentleman who had frequently observed' that young wvattle plabtia often' spring up in great numbers shortly, after bush-fires had :occurred over the.scrubs where the seed had fallen from theo trees. : This plan gave- more success, buit itill only a small per-csntage of the seed germiniated. At length it was found that the steeping of, the seed in water in shallow vessels, exposed to the sun 'and air for several days, or until the germ' burst the skin of the seed, comparative success would be attained. At the time of these trials the Australian colonies were, from various causes, in a very depressed condition, and it was thought that if the wattle could be cultivated it would dnd an unlimited market in Europe, and establish a permanent and lucrative industry in 'the colony. The serious depression, having disappeared, and more prosperous times commenced followed by the aurifer onseera, no further wattle-cultivation was proceeded with until a more recent period. Of late years trials have been again com meinced, both in Victoria and South Aus tralia, on a more limited scale, and with every promise of success. The real results as to returnes cannot be known for some time, as several years must elapse between the ilrst sowing. and the?reaping. But. as the'olimates of both colonies are known to be suitable, there can be no doubt that in a few years they will have added largely to their income by an extensive export of wattle or mimosa bark. New South Wales, true to her apathetic instincts in regard to the cultivation of the soil, has never made a move in the matter. 0, nol not she; she is content to scrape to gether the naturally produced article, leaving the more vulgar occupation to her loss sophie ticated neighbours. Like WIr. Berry's Shoal haven blackfellows of the olden time, we des pise the tiller of the soil and wolld rather starve than dig. Small farmers when hard up-as they too often are, and all the peaches done, as Conjewoy would say-collect the bark from its native habitats, which, fortu nately for them are pretty widely spread, and with very hard work, just manage to earn sufficient to keep the wolf from the door, suffering only partial instead of real starvation. Occasionally, and under exceptionably favourable circumstances, a man may earn a little more than the mere pittance suggested; and, under ordinary circumstances, a work man may colleet, in the way stated, from two to three cwt. per day, for which, when he has collected a load and incurred the expense of transmission to market, he will get about ?4 per ton. But them, mark, a crown earned in this primitive, stolen, or gentlemanly (?) man ner, is not infra. dig.; and the recipient is more satisfied than if he had earned five times as much by the ordinary and slow process of til lage. Lately when the railway authorities raised the rates of carriage, a despairing moan was heard from the free- selectors and other small settlers along the southern line, by which the chief supply for export reaches Sydney. They must now starve, for wattle-bark, the only thing on which they could place dependence, would not stand the increased rates. No doubt the bark yielded by the wild trees is a great help to the beginner of small means, by enabling him to subsist until his land is cleared and his crops begin to yield a return ; but he should not be taught to expect that his bark should be carried at a loss to the public. He has been allowed great advantages already, and he was allowed to select his land in order that he should make use of it, and should not select unless he was prepared to wait until he could get a return from it. Baut the great point is, that if he could, while clearing and cropping his land, subsist by collecting bark from the wattle-trees, scattered far and wide, .what could be not do if he cultivated the wat tie on his farm ? or what could the settler not do, who, being nearer market, had small car riage to pay and a wattle plantation on his own land ? It is probable that on the average a ton of bark grown and properly cared .for by the settler could be placed at a railway-station, all things considered, at less than one-half the cost of the bush-collected bundles. In the one case he has to travel far and wide and select trees worth stripping, and often disbarks with great trouble scrubby and branchy trees. He trespasses either on gov ernment or private property, and after all, the results of a week's labour is very small. In the other all is before him, he need not disbark any but good trees; his selection is made without travelling; it is near his shed, to keep it from the rain when collected, and altogether he would be able to prepare for market in one day more than in the bush he could gather in a week; besides, he would not be trespassing either upon government property or that of his neighbours. It is certainly a drawback that he would have to wait four years before lie got any return; but then, by planting a little yearly, the re turn would be afterwards continuous. But where the greatest success in wattle culture may be looked for is in the numerous and comparatively poor lands within forty miles of Sydney, such as are now generally used for growing oaten hay, or the cultiva tion of which has been abandoned altoge ther, which is the case with nine-tenths of the cleared land. Here the barriage would be.reduced to a minimum-the land is suit able for little else, and the cultivation and management are so simple that little know ledge or skill is required. The market value of such land is so small that, if planted with wattles at a cost of a few shillings per anore, and a little care bestowed to thinning out and preventing damage by cattle for a year or two, the return in from seven to ten years would buy it five or six times over. There is no fear of overstocking the market with bark; and besides, the tree produces valua ble timber, and the gum is also commer cially important. This is the proper season to sow the seeds, which may be easily obtained. They should, as before stated, be steeped in water until the beau cracks; they should then be sown in drills, and kept moist by watering for a week or so, if, after sowing, the weather should prove dry; the drill should be six or eight feet apart, and the plants should be thinned out when six inches high to' about two feet apart. 'When three or four years old alternate trees should be disbarked for market-the same to be done yearly for nine or ten years; when the plantation will be exhausted, and the land made richer by the operation. 