GENERAL NEWS. The heat was intense at Grenfell on Christmas Day, and bush-fires aronnd were excessive. The Maryborough Chronicle reports that a little girl between five and six years of age, named Inker, lately strayed away from her home at Tiaro, and got lost in the bush. A search for her was made for six days, when she was found about two miles from home, very faint from want of food and exposure, but otherwise not much the worse. At the Sydney Water Police Court on Friday Edward Rogers was charged with attempting to murder Peter Moralis Bogera it appeared was intoxicated on the previous day, and was hunting boys about the Circular Quay. Sud- denly he came up to Moralis and threw him into the water, saying he would drown him. Prisoner was committed for trial. News from New Zealand, in the S. M. Herald of Saturday, is to the effect that a destructive fire ocourred on the 16th December, at Rangi- aobis, which resulted in the destruction of a ten-roomed house, with stables, sheds, &c;, to the value of about £350, the property of Mr. A. J. Bertram. A boy named George Maxwell, the son of a railway guard at Echuca, was killed on Christ- mas Day by the discharge of a loaded gun with which he was playing. Another case of sunstroke at Wagga Wagga is reported in the local papers. An old man named Thurtle, a blacksmith, was struck down by the heat while on his way home, on the 23rd December, and he died shortly afterwards. His Excellency the Earl of Belmore will start tomorrow (Wednesday) for a tour through the Manaro district, via Twofold Bay. He will probably be absent for a fortnight. On Friday afternoon one of the horses draw- ing a Waverly omnibus fell down in Pitt-street, Sydney, and broke its leg. It was so much in- jured that it had to be killed. James Bransberry, a laborer, employed about the wharves, Sydney, died early on Friday morning from effusion on the brain, caused by long-continued habits of intemperance. An inquest was held, when a verdict as above was returned. A whole string of accidents is reported from Burrangong. Mr Wilson, clerk and overseer to Mr. W. R. Watt, was killed while riding near Bombaldry. -On the previous day the son of the engineer at Haye's Mill, Grenfell, was drowned while bathing. -A man unknown was found dead on the road near Marengo -A stack of straw near the town took fire and placed the neighbouring premises in danger, as it was an intensely hot day, and there was a high wind blowing. THE MYSTERIOUS DEATH OF MRS. GAL- LOGLY -The inquiry into the death of Mrs. Gallogly, at the Civil Service Club Hotel, Col- lins street East, on the 18th last, was resumed yesterday. The additional facts brought out in evidence threw little, if any, additional light on the mystery. Professor Malford, who was called as an expert, seemed to be of opinion that death might have been accidently caused by a fall down stair.s The chief difficulty was the bruises, which he suggested might have been brought about by some person pulling the de- ceased up stairs, and putting her to bed. Un- less the blood flowed upon the brain imme- diately, the deceased might have walked up- stairs again unassisted. The coroner, in his summing up, seemed to hold strongly to the opinion that death could not have been acciden- tal, and that the whole of the circumstances pointed to murder. The jury returned a ver- dict of wilful murder against some person un- known. One or two discrepancies were ap- parent in the evidence of the grandmother, a feeble old woman of 80, and in the evidence of the eldest son. -Melbourne Argus, Dec. 29 Watch-night services were held in many of the churches in Sydney on New Year's eve. Two alarms of bush fires near Sydney were given, one on Saturday evening, and one on Sunday evening, but no injury was done by the fires. A heavy thunderstorm passed over Sydney on Sunday, accompanied by a heavy downpour of rain. At Fremantle, Western Australia, the figure head and part of the hull of a large vessel has been found on an island. From the appearance of the remains, it wonld seem that the rest of the vessel had been burnt. The Wellington Correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch, writes:-Mr Keightly held an en- quiry on the 27th into the cause of death of Miss Mary O Shea, aged 19. It appeared that she was riding, about 4 p m on the 26th in com- pany with Miss Bushby and Miss Mullampy, who were also on horseback, the reverse way on the race-course. They were cantering. They suddenly saw two boys a short distance approach- ing them on horses going at racing speed. Miss O'Shea was unable to get her horse out of the racing track, and one boy was not able to pull up or guide his horse (a colt.) The horses struck with great force, Miss O'Shea's falling and rolling over her, the boy's horse falling over Miss O'Shea and her horse, and throwing him a long way off. He escaped with a shaking Miss O Shea, after having been taken home,never rallied, but gradually sunk, and died at 3 a m on the 27th. The finding was-Died from in- juries accidentally received. WHITEWASHING ROOFS-The roofs of a number of public buildings, places of business, and private houses in this city were a short time ago whitened, and thus rendered cooler by a process that a resident had discovered, and now the inventor has introduced himself to the Victorians. Respecting his work, the Mel- bourne Daily Telegraph lately said -" An op- portunity is offered to householders of making their habitations endurable during the heat of the coming summer. Mr. John D. Gibson, re- cently arrived from Adelaide, and who has taken business premises at 45, Elizabeth- street, is prepared to counteract the effect of the sun's rays upon the zinc and slate roofs of the city buildings. He is the possessor of a composite resembling white paint, and which, when applied to the roof by means of a brush, has the effect of cooling the surface over which it is spread. A trial of the composite was made in our presence on Wed- nesday. A sheet of zinc covering a passage, and which was exposed to the sun, was painted with Mr Gibson's specific, and although the sheet of zinc unpainted was disagreeably hot to the touch, the one operated on was almost cold. Several of the leading firms in Melbourne have called in Mr. Gibson's services, and are satis- fied with the result of the application of his re- frigerating mixture. Before leaving Adelaide his composite was called into requisition by a large number of holders of house properties from whom he has most satisfactory testi- monials -Adelaide Observer. [Of Course where rainwater is collected from the roof for drinking purposes the nature of all such appli- cations as the above should be carefully in- quired into before using them.] Another stabbing affray has ocourred at Brisbane, on board the ship Lucayas. A quar- rel, it seems, took place in the forecastle among the men, at dinner time. A man named Levender is said to have been rather badly treated, and he took up a knife, apparently in self-defence, and with it stabbed'a sailor named Saulter, inflicting a severe but not dangerous wound. It was stated, in the examination into the affray held at the police office, that all the parties were more or less intoxicated. The police magistrate discharged Levender from custody, believing that he had acted in self defence. A Gulgong barmaid, who for ten minutes had endured the insults and noisy familiarities of a drunken man, failing to get assistance from any of the men' standing about, came herself round the bar and ejected the fellow by force. During a race-on the Gulgong course, on Boxing Day, a flash fellow rode between the winning horse and the field, to prevent the latte from coming np. He was chased by senior-constable Byrne, caught, brought up to the grandstand, and fined 20s. after which he slunk away. Some fine specimens of gold from the Sol- ferino reef, Grafton, were shown in Sydney on Monday. On the morning of the 24th Deoember, a man named William Moore Griffiths, in the employ of Mr. Campbell, a surveyor, at Dubbo was seen to go to the river with a towel to bathe. Some time after, his clothes being still on the bank, search was made, and ultimately the body was found Griffiths was a Manxman. The Dubbo Dispatch has heard that Judge Cheeke contemplates an early retirement from the bench and return to England. The Dubbo people petitioned the Government recently not to carry out the intention of col- lecting tolls at the Dubbo Bridge. In reply they have been told that if they will form themselves into a municipality, the bridge will be handed over to them on their undertaking to keep it and all the main roads for four miles on either side in order. The municipality may then abolish the toll if they think proper. The price of wheat has not yet been fixed at Orange, as farmers are only just in the middle of harvest. Some street boys in Orange, the other day stole a considerable sum of money from the pocket of a drunken man. Christmas in Orange was very dull, and little money stirring. Miss Jane Keenan, of Cheeseman's Creek. near Orange, died on December 25, from acute inflammation of the bowels. The wheat crop at Rockley, Bathurst district, is the most promising and heaviest that has been gathered for years. MARTIAL MUSIC ON A KEROSENE TIN!- The Fiji Times of December 9th says:-On the occasion of the King's visit to Parliament House on Wednesday last, he was escorted by a small number of his own body-guard and a guard of honour composed of about forty of Maafu'a men under the command of his Excel- lency's son. These latter marched to beat of drum in a very soldier-like manner, keeping good step and time, and in white shirts and fringed sulos looked well. On arriving at Par- liament House the King's soldiers accompanied him to the building, but Maafu's men piled arms " secundum artem" and remained in the roadway. On H.B.M. Consul passing they jumped to their arms, and drawn up in two lines presented arms as he passed, the Consul courteously responding. After the ceremony they again returned in the same order. They marched exceedingly well, but-tell it not in Gath-their drum was an empty kerosene tin, undisguised. Reaping wheat is in full progress at Ten Mile Creek, Albury district. Machines are very generally used, and hence where farmers re- quire human reapers, there is a difficulty in ob- taining them. A son of Mr. E. Marsh, Ten Mile Creek, Albury, had one of his arms broken the other day by being thrown from his horse. Recently a man named James McGoven was drowned at Wodonga, in the creek there. It appeared that he had been the worse lor liquor, and that the accident was owing to foolbardi- ness. Frank Sandon, a Jockey, was thrown violently while riding a race at Gulgong on Boxing Day, aud when picked up, was insensible, having come with his head against a tree. The Cumberland Times states that a young ruffian named Eyles, who attacked an old man recently in a public house in Parramatta, and struck him with his closed fist upon the face which had a large cancer upon it, has caught cancer in the hand that struck the blow. A man at Burrangong the other day without consideration, set fire to a quantity of wheat stubble, and the consequence was that be lost a stack of hay, and his barn of wheat narrowly escaped. On the night of Tuesday, Dec. 26, some burglars entered the house of Mr. A. M'Donald, Bathurst, and carried away a number of articles, including a quantity of eatables. All the family were in the house while the robbery was being committed, but the burglars went about so quietly that no sound was heard. A man at Rockley, near Bathurst, stabbed his wife in the back with a knife on Christmas Day, inflicting a very dangerous wound. When a doctor went to see the sufferer, he found her in an exhausted state from loss of blood, but he has hopes of her recovery. THE CASTLEREAGH COUNTRY.-A corres- pondent of the Dubbo Dispatch writing from the Lower River, under date December 19th, says:-"We want rain very badly in this neighbourhood, as we are, with few exceptions, completely burnt out. There is never a blade ' of grass. The Goangera cattle (about 3000) are just starting travelling." A large bush fire was raging on the Bogan on the 28th December. A miner named George Bindewald, in the Talbot district, Yiotoria, shot himself lately, in the most determined manner. There was no apparent reason for the rash act. Some days ago the grasshoppers were so numerous near Vectis, in the Pleasant Creek district, Victoria, that people could not see two hundred yards ahead for them, and they made as they flew a shale like that of a shady tree. Two cases of very sudden death near Chiltern, in the last week of Deoember are attributed to the effects of the great heat. A Williamstown fisherman, the other day, caught a Stingaree weighing between three and four hundredweight. A Mrs. Korr, residing at Kapunda, South Australia, killed herself last month by taking poison. There was evidence at the inquest that she had been for some time in a nervous and desponding state of mind, apparently about re- ligious affairs. The jury attributed the act to temporary insanity. The farmers of Gawler (South Australia), are entering upon the export butter trade, put- ting up the butter in 1 lb. tins, hermetically sealed. At Sliding Rook Mine, South Australia, a child fell into a well containing twelve or four- teen feet of water. He was rescued by a Mr. M. Braddock, who after diving twice without success, brought bim up the third time, and animation was restored after persevering efforts. LIFE WITH A FBACrrrBasn SKULL.-Writing on the inqucat of Mrs. Gallogly, the Ballarat Evening Post says :-" When we remember the violent death of Mr. Thomas John Murray, late of the firm of Goujon and Murray, so well known on the Corner, we feel all the more con- vinced that the verdict of the jury was wholly unwarranted by anything that transpired at the inquest. Looking back over our files, wa find that on Thursday, the 9th of last March, Mr. Murray went to Learmonth for the purpose of playing a game of oricket, and while return- ing to Ballarat the same evening fell head fore- most from the top of an omnibus to the road. He was much shaken by the fall, and was laid np on the following day, but on the next day, Saturday, be attended the ground of the Ballarat Crioket Club, where, in answers to the inquiries of his friends, be said he still felt the effeots of fats fall, whioh (ho continued to Bay) was a serióos one. After leaving the Eastern Oval, he had tea in his own boase in Webster-street, and afterwards want out, saying he should not be long away. He does not appear to have gone far, as at 9 o'clock of the same night a oonstable found him sitting on the footpath, and asked bim where he lived. From the confused manner in which he replied, the oonstable fanoied he was drunk, and con- veyed bim to the city lock-up. At 5 o'olock next morning it was found that he was dead, and a post-mortem examination made by Dr. Bullen and Dr. Bunee disclosed the fact, that on the portion of the bead on which de- ceased fell when returning from Learmouth there was a fracture extending from a point immediately behind the right ear, about three inches backwards On the left sphere of the brain they found six or eight ounces of extrava sated blood, and some more on other portions of the brain, arising, in theil opinion, from the 'fracture. We thus enter minutely into details because we firmly believe that if Mr. Murra} could and did live nearly three days, and walk about, after having received such an injury,, there was nothing in the world to prevent Mrs. ' Gallogly from falling down stairs in a St, tem- porarily recovering possession of her faculties, finding her way to the nearest room, and plac- ing herself in bed." 