CORRESPONDENCE. BÜSH-FIRE8. I TO ins EDITOB OF THE BULLETIN. | Sm,-My attention lias for some time poet been i director! to the too frequent occurence of bush fires, and T am surprised that moro active ! measures have not hitherto been taken to sup- ! press this nuisance. ' I om aware that there is an act in forco styled, I think, " The Careless Use of Fire Pre- 1 volition Act," but it strikes me that this said Act ¡8 not sufficiently stringent. In a country like this, where men of all classes are continually travelling, I think that some better plan than at present exieta ought to be devised for the preservation of our flocks and honk from thc serious consequences arising from bush-fires. The damage by fire done to tho enterprising squatter or capitalist, who has spent large sums of money in improving not only his run, but also thc breed of his stock, is in many instances almost beyond belief, and too little notice, I fear, is taken by the generality of men of the thousands of stock that annually perish from this cause alone. I candidly admit my own inability to cope with this question,but Iimaginothat theremustbe men in the colony who are competent to do so, and if they could only bo persuaded to como forward in this cause, I think that Borne good would ariee from their suggestions. I am of opinion that if thc parties most directly in- terested would act with unanimity, that a better and more stringent Act than at present exists J could be put in forco. Tho " Careless Uso of Fire Prevention Act " should bo made general. The inhabitants of j any district, I know, eau, by making apptica- ' tion nnd having a certain number of signatures attached to their petition, have the Act extended i to their district. But this, in my humble ' opinion, should be unnecessary, and tho Act oueht to be, no I said before, general. I would, too, as in Kew South Wales, make it compulsory upon all travellers ta extinguish their camp-fires before leaving, under the pain of a heavy fine, or in default thereof, imprison- ment. In the event, too, of a travellor leaving his camp-fire burning, and a fire occurring at or in the neighbourhood of hie camp, I would suggest that the fact of his camp-fire not being extinguished shall be admitted as prima facie evidence against him. This last suggestion of mine, I confess, appears very arbitrary, but the gross careless- ness and heedlessness of the majority of people travelling cal!« for some stringent reform. At most times, but especially in a season like this, it is impossible to say where a fire will stop; andi shall consider myself amply repaid for any losses that I may hitherto have either directly or indirectly sustained, if I can only succeed in getting this question properly discussed by those who ure thus interested in the matter, and who are at the same time competent to give an opinion on the subject. I am, Sir, A StJFFEBEB. lGtli October, 1S72. 