AGRICULTURAL. The Ballarat Farmers’ Club will meet at Craig’s at two o’clock on the afternoon of Saturday, 21st Sep tember. The terms of the Tasmanian Intercolonial ploughing match are now announced. The match will take place in Tasmania on Thursday, 17th October, at Cambridge. The representative ploughmen from the Ballarat district will sail from- Melbourne for Tas mania on Wednesday, 25th September. The Hexham sheep show, will be held on 3rd Oc tober. The Geelong Society's show will be held on 18th October. The National Agricultural show will be held at St.' Hilda on 23rd, 24th, 25th, and 26th October. Tho Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society’s show will be held on sth and 6 th November this year. The Glendaruel, &c.;, Society’s show will be held on Bth November. The Smeaton, &c.;, Society’s show will be held on Thursday and Friday, 14th and 15th November. The Polworth, &c;,. Society’s show will be held at Colac on Wednesday, 20th November. At the meeting of the sub-committee of the Smeaton, Spring Hill, and Bullarook Agricultural Society, it was agreed that the test suggested by Mr Elkington for the mathematical class be adopted, with the proviso that the examiners may enlarge upon it, if necessary. It was also agreed that the examination be held in the Shire-hall and Common-school, Kingston, on Saturday, 2nd November; entries to close a week previous; and that Messrs Elkington and Bolam be written to, asking them to act as examiners. From all accounts the crops in the vicinity of Bal larat are not looking very promising, except in a few favored localities. The crops in the immediate neigh borhood of Castlemaine (according to the Mail) are looking fine, the blades being well above the ground, presenting in many places a strong carpet of green, and forming from a distance striking contrast to the surrounding bush. The fruit trees are showing pro mise of an abundant harvest; the varied colors of the blossom making the orchards quite an interesting sight fiom the roadside. A little rain would do no harm just now, just to keep the soil moist. The Maryborough. Advertiser says the approach of summer is making itself felt, and one good indication is seen in a great improvement in the appearance of the crops, which, in most localities, are very promising. The peculiarity of the winter just over produced a feeling akin to despondency, as the superabundance of rain foreboded rust and the perishing of the seed. These gloomy anticipations are gradually being dissipated as the young crops shoot upward, and the counten ance of the farmers are consequently wearing a more cheerful aspect. Those who intend to grow sugar beet should lose no time in commencing operations. Many who planted this vegetable last year found it exceedingly valuable as fodder for pigs and cattle. The following report on fluke by the chief inspector of scab has been forwarded to the hon. the Chief Secretary:—“Melbourne, 17th September, 1872. To the Honorable the Chief Secretary. Sir, —1. Conse quent on a notice of question, in the Legislative As sembly, respecting the fluke in sheep, I have the honor to report on the subject for your information. 2\. Concerning, the fluke, then, it may be stated, that for a considerable period after the introduction of Bheep into this colony that disease was almost, if not entirely, unknown here, and that it did not attract attention prior to the year 1846. 3. About that period it began to be well known on the Upper Goul burn and Murray, on the Devil’s River, and in the country to the eastward of the Sydney road generally, as well as in some few other localities. 4. About the year 1854 the disease had become of importance, and since that period it has . constantly gone on spreading. 5. Fluke may now almost be said to have extended more or less throughout the colony, with the exception of the salt-bush plains. Flocks on the saline swampy country near the coast suffer from it as well as occasionally those in firmer country, in which water is brackish, but as a rule it is most prevalent in the mountainous country in which it first made its appear ance. 6. This disease for several years has not been confined to sheep, but has extended its ravages to cattle, opossums, kangaroo, &c.;, and it is rumored that men occasionally suffer, from it, whilst the horse is said to be exempt’. , 7. The wild hop and other bitter plants which grow in the mountains, and are eaten by the sheep, do not arrest the ravages of fluke. 8\. Fluke attacks lambs at a very early age, but those dropped by flukey ewes on saltbush country do not inherit the disease.. Whilst the pastures of the colony are decidedly firmer under foot, and to some extent better drained and less rank, than they used to be (changes favorablejto the disappearance of fluke), yet these advantages have been more than outweighed of late years by the following unfavorable conditions, viz., the habitually insufficient supply of grass allowed to our flocks; the free access of the sheep (since pad docks have taken the place of shepherds) to swampy pasturage ; the decrease from overstocking of our .prime and wholesome, grasses, and the substitution in their stead of innutritive and inferior ones ; the gradual dissemination of the germs or ova of fluke, to which should probably be added the almost complete cessation of bushfires. 10\. The losses, which have taken place in the colony from fluke during the last fifteen years have been enormous, and on many runs the death of sheep. are in advance of the number of lambs weaned. 11. No cure for fluke is known; but drainage, the avoidance of swampy pasturage, a plentiful allowance of nutri tious food (the restoration of our better grasses), with a full supply of salt, will certainly bring the evil within very narrow limits. 12. As sheep not too far gone with fluke will readily fatten on certain pastures; owners should, if possible, get rid of them in good time for this purpose, replace them with strong, healthy sheep, and not keep the Bame animals or their descendants for too long a period, but if the country . be naturally flukey, change their stock from time to time.' 13. Having thus placed before you.the leading facts connected with the fluke in sheep in this colony, I have the honor to point out that it hardly seems to me that beneficial results could be anticipated re specting this disease from the' sort of ■ govern mental interference which has., been adopted with .respect., to - - scab.. -Any • Bteps’ ..securing, the • Bpread ■of ' knowledge l on the 'subject would of course be beneficial,, and were con stant inspections made of flocks with reference to this disease, for -report and publication, the publicity, thus drawn to losses sustained- by individuals would pro bably lead to more energetic action and a mitigation of the evil. 14. Whilst offering these suggestions, it is important that I should bring under your notice that, as fluke is infectious in a minor degree only, the neglect of others respecting it does not practically deprive the sheepowner of the management of his own flock, as is the case with scab, nor saddle the diligent with the consequences of the negligence of the un thrifty owner. Regretting that full time was not allowed me before I was called on to report on this subject, I have the honor to be, Sir, your obedient Servant, Edward M. Cubr.” i An improved threshing machine is described by the Kyneton. Guardian. Our contemporary says:—“ Of the many improvements which have of late years been made in agricultural-implements and machinery, , one worthy of very honorable mention has been in vented by Mr James M'Gill, engineer, of Kyneton. This is a combined band-cutter and' feeder attachable to a threshing machine, and for which an application for a patent has,been made. 'The advantages aimed •at by Mr M'Gill in his invention are -threefold. In the first place, the liability to accident in the use of threshing machines is almost entirely removed. Scarcely a harvest passes during which men engaged as feeders or band-cutters in' connection with thresh ing machines are not maimed or killed, and if the invention had no other result than averting these catastrophes, it would be ahighly valuable one; but in addition to this, it aims at saving the charge of -two men’s labor, and thus cheapening the cost of , grain production to the farmer; whilst it tends further to increase the efficiency of threshing, by feeding the machine far more regularly than can be accomplished at present. On Saturday afternoon, 14th September, Mr M'Gill submitted his 'invention to the test of a trial in the presence of a number of the leading far mers and threshing machine proprietors in the district. The band-cutter and feeder was attached to one of Ruston and Proctor’s threshing machines, the top of which had. been lenghtened at tho back to admit of a trough soma six feet in length, which was fixed from the back of the mouth of the machine. In this trough there is an endless belt with buttons fixed to it, which is kept running at the necessary speed. The sheaves are forked on to a slanting board, which can be shifted as required to either side of the trough, and from this ; board they roll on to the endless belt, and on their passage to the mouth of the machine the band is cut by a disk having three curved knives fitted to it, and which is kept revolving at a high rate of speed. The sheaves then pass on to the feeder, which is a large right and left screw with spurs fitted oh to the periphery, running at the required speed. The screw spreads the grain on its passage to the drum. The trial on Saturday was not made under circumstances at all favorable to success, as instead of proper sheaves nothing but bundles of Btraw tied up were put through, but even under these disadvanta geous circumstances the machine worked admirably, and tho only opinion expressed by those who wit nessed the experiment was that Mr M'Gill. had Ijit upon a most valuable invention. At the. forthcoming agricultural show, the few slight imperfections which the trial made manifest will have been removed, and the experiment will be, repeated under circumstances which will show the real value of the invention. So far as we are aware nothing of the kind has been accomplished before. There are, we believe, two English patents for a feeder attachable to a threshing machine, but none for a combined feeder and band cutter.” . The JOaylcsford Mercury informs us “ that the Glen lyon, Franklin, and Daylesford Agricultural Society have virtually abandoned the attempt to induce the other agricultural societies to set aside a portion of their income as a premium for. the invention of an efficient reaper and binder. So little interest appears to have been felt in the scheme that it was useless to proceed with it.” The fact is that two Victorian firms have each applied for a patent for a reaper and binder. We know not the principles upon which they have be6n constructed, and it has-been understood that the Americans have had an efficient one in use for a long time, though a sample machine has not yet reached these shores. The following passage, from the Report of due Commissioner of Agriculture, for the year 1869 (Washington), will be read with interest at this juncture:—“ Much attention has been given to securing a perfect binding machine, and although the task is one of considerable magnitude, the results have proved favorable. One of the inventions patented during the year, and which is not only simple but effective, is designed for use on a harvester, and consists of an inclined platform, upon which the cut grain falls and remains until a sufficient quantity has accumulated, when by a motion of the foot of the operator, two pins projecting from the lower edge of the platform, and by which the grain is prevented from sliding off, are withdrawn, and the straw permitted to fall into a trough. As soon as the straw falls into the trough, two curved metal arms, which work in slots in the side, move down upon and compress the bundle, around which a band is quickly passed, thus completing the operation.” We wonder whether the Victorian inventors to whom we have referred will be ready with their contrivances ‘by the time the show of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society is held. One or other ought to obtain the £lOO which has so long been offered by the society for an efficient reaper and binder. 