MELBOURNE. Satarday. A destructive fire occurred at Collingwood la night ; several buildings were destroyed, partly ii sured. Mr. Phelps, late member for Balranald, publiai» his address, whioh is strongly against the Goveri ' ment. Austin, the defaulting secretary of the Alfre Hospital, was sentenced to six years' hard labour. A prize fight in the Guelong distriotthis morah? was stopped by the police. At the pedestrian Bports this afternoon Woodhout won the two-mile walking race ; Thompson, th Maiden Plate ; Sampson won the handicap, Hewil nearly gave in. The entries for the Kyneton Handicap are good. The Shanghai shipping list notifies the arrive from Sydney of the Charlotte Andrews, St. Byrce dale, and Agra. Geelong preserved meats are selling in London s 6d. A ready sale was anticipated for parcels t arrive. Private advices by the mail ara unfavourable t the shipment of Australian wheat. The shipment ot sacks to Melbourne is light. Foo Choo circulars state that there is only on vassal loading for Sydney. A small stock of congous is offering, but it is o poor quality. Tho Bangalore cleared with 19,400 oz of gold ant £600 specie. A t the meeting of the Southern Insurance Com pany the report submitted was adopted by a majority of two. The chairman said the business of the com pany is at the rate of £90,000 per annum. Cagli's opera troupe has arrived from New ea land. Signor Cagli was fined a at Dunedin, foi having assaulted the Editor of the journal, Graham'] Review. Large quantities of Victorian oats are coming forward. Business is rather quiet. The higher prices advisee at h me are not responded to. Deals have advanced at home 20s for standarc sorta owing to the large demand from France. Nc other cargoes are advised as coming forward. Monday. Robertson and Mullagh have been ohos*n to plaj in tho intercolonial match. Fourteen players were seleoted this afternoon as a practice team. The Ago newspaper's London correspondent reports that two hundred repentant Magdalenas ar? on their way to Australia Mr. Hodgkinson, the Commissioner for Lands, has met with a serious injury. The i nncitoto (s), with the New Zealand mailSj missed the Bangalore. 'lhere have been large private sales of sugar j over 6000 ongs at full rates ; kerosene, ls 9J1 ; bril liant, ls 8|d. Oriental ; inquirías for matches; considerable parcels of Ball »nd Black's havi besn sold ; guunieH, to arrive, 7i\ 9d ; woolpacks, 4s 4£d. Owing to the news from Dunedin, white Biigurs ure raised to £42. Kerosene is firm. Maize is heavy, and offering freely at 3s lOd. New malt is placed at 9s 3d. Maize is dull, at 3s lOd. Tuesday. To-day there was a general closing as a day of thanksgiving for the recovery of the Prince o Wales. There waa muoh holiday making, 't ho ohurchea wera passably attended. Searcely a flag waa seen in the city, save those on the Government buildings. The trial of Mr. Lockhart Morton's bush-fire pre ventor was a partial failure. ' Mr. Grant, the Minister for Lands, has arrived. Tho highest obtain .ble for the Australian Cup against Mermaid or Flying Dutchman is 5 to 1, and the Pearl 8 to 1. Jav'lin is in request for the Sydney Leger. Mr, Duffy's non-appearance at the Stawell ban quet hus given great offence. Wednesday. Sandhurst did business yesterday as usual, owing 1 to the Muyor having neglected to proclaim it as a day of thanksgiving. I The Chamber of Commerce has considered the tallow frauds, »nd recommends purchasers for ship ment to buy only well-known brands. Tho news from* Tambaroora gold-fiold is exciting j considerable attention. ; At the Ministerial banquet at Stawell, last night over two huntirffd, wintro pmsnt, Four of tba Ministers were absent. Mr. Berry repliei for the ( Government. Two lads, named Robert Campbell and Thomas ! Smith, were drowned, in the Yarra, to day, while 1 fishing. 1 j There wore loyal demonstrations last night at the places of amusement. I Mr. Wardill has dsclined to play in tho Tntcr ; colonial Match. Mr. Allen will take his place in the j tea ui ! Sugars sell well, oxcept browns, which nra a shade less. 1500 bajrjBUold privately at from £3¿ to £4'». At auction the sugars ex Tasso brought i? od prides, realising 1'rosi £36 10* to £'41 P's. Wool paoks passed at 4a 4^.1. < audios pushed at li fd. Wheat is a little dearer. 6s 6d is obtuinud ior Bttiall parcels. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Oo. r port: Cattle are ¿< ' sale, and laat week's prices are hereby maintfiiriftd. abolit 900 head were yarded to-day, and 600 will bo yardli to-morrow. Only best sheep aro in deroaud, and sold at previous quotation*!- say 13a to 14s forwethora; 24,DOO, in cluding lambs, wore yarded. R. Gibson ar.d Co', late Dalroahoy, Campbell, and Go., report that 1300 hoad of cattle were forwarded ; 900 woro sold to-day tt a reduction of I Os per head. 22,000 sbiBo wore forwarded. Thop/ices advanced 6d per head for all descriptions. 