THE REV. W. R. CLARKE OX MINING. I {From the Empire. I It is not unlikely that many persons who have observed the sudden appearance And rapid multiplication of reports and advertise ments concerning the new mining schemes of the day, and who have no opportunity of ascertaining the facts of the case, have taken up the opinion that an extraordinary delusion has been fostered by designing men in the minds of the colonists. Unhappily it cannot be denied that a tendency to unlimited puffing is characteristic of this much-vaunted nineteenth century ; and in whatever depart ment of human enterprise science and labour have made substantial additions to the re sources available for the benefit of mankind, it may be taken for granted that many have rushed in to appropriate some of the advan tages to be acquired hy a skilful manipula tion of the hopes and desires awakened by such discoveries. But if any have thought that the present remarkable movement iu the progrnss of mining enterprise in Australia is traceable to artifice and delusion, they must now acknowledge this supposition in no longer tenable. On Wednesday evening, the Rev. W. B. Clarke, whose position in the foremost rank of tho geologists of the world it ought to be unnecessary to meotion here, devoted tlie greater part of his opening address before the Royal Society of New South Wales to the illustration of facts bearing on the mining interest of this country. ' The result of the whole,' he said in con cluding his address, 'is this: we have now evidence that the whole of Eastern Australia is what I have often stated, one vast field of mineral wealth. From north to south, and from the coast to the 141st meridian, the western boundary of New South Wales, we know that coal, gold, copper, tin, and other minerals of less local importance are found in abundance.' Wherever the scientific reputation of Mr. Clarke is known, that is, wherever information has been obtained as to the mineral resources of Australia, it will be reasonably taken for granted that after his' extensive geological studies, and his frequent personal investigations during thirty years into the minerals ot Australia, if he had seen any ground for regarding as delusive or even uncertain the wide-spread impression as to the richness of our gold fields and tin and copper lodes, he would have been found earnestly warning his fellow- colonists against being deceived by unfounded assertions. Instead of this, without guaranteeing the fidelity of the numerous statements put forward as to special localities, — our veteran geologist goes far beyond the mass of announcement!, concerning mining successes and prospects in the confident assertion of the wide dis tribution and richness of the mineral re sources of this country. He stated various facts illustrative of the probability of diamonds being found in greater abundance than hitherto, in this colony and in Queensland. Already there are twelve localities in Australia, five in New South Wales, five in Victoria, and two in South Australia, where diamonds are found. In connection with this subject the fact is interesting, that diamonds are now employed not only for tho purposes of the glazier, but in some difficult engineering operations. ' The tunnel through the hard rocks of Mont Cenis, one of the marvels of the present age, was greatly advanced by the use of the diamond used as a boring point on properly-adjusted tools, when set in motion by a very simple contrivance.' And for this purpose very small diamonds, such aB constitute by far the greater quantity in all diamond mineB, are available. On the subjeot of gold, Mr. Clarke stated the impressions be derived from a visit to the western district in 1871. He observed tbat ' an increased and increasing resort to the crushing-mill is influencing the minds of the mining community.' And he thoroughly approves of this preference, notwithstanding the occasional discovery of freBh alluvial dig gings, as at Gulgong. He says — ' if pros pectors will but go out into districts that abound not far from the vicinity even of gold-fields where do pick or spade has been employed, new ground will assuredly be found where ' reefs,' as they are called, meet tbe eye of the traveller at almost every turn, and where there is every legitimate reason to infer that some will be productive.' He stated that he had passed over many miles of the western country in whioh the rocks tbat belong to a golden era yet remain in tbeir original condition. And in reference to the most famous spot for recent gold dis coveries, Hawkins' Hill, he spoke as a man of science, in terms not a whit less sanguine than those used by mining agents and brokers. For the encouragement and guidance of intelligent miners, who are willing to avail themselves of the combined results of science and experience, Mr. Olarke mentioned an operation which deserves to be widely known. He found at Ophir two young men who had been on the Uralla River, where shafts are made through the basaltic covering, one hun dred feet thick, down to the auriferous de posits lying on the granite. Coming to Ophir, where quartziferous soft slates are overlaid by basalt of about the same thick ness, these young men, instead of working downwards through a hundred feet of basalt, ' had driven into the soft slate, and bad then mined upwards from the drive to the bottom of the basalt, between which and the top of the slate they had found drift and sand and pebbly cement with gold, — proving that in their case at least, mining was not nn unin [ telligible guess-work.' After describing ' minutely the geological features of Hill End, and referring more briefly to Canoona and Mount Wheeler in Queensland, to Went worth near Orange, Brown's Creek, and Forest Reefs between the Canobolas and Mount Lachlan, Mr. Olarke laid down the proposition ' that where certain igneous rocks are present, such as diorite or green stone, or felspathic elvans or felstones, in company with pyritous minerals, the conclu sion is almost irresistible that gold will be present also.' As for tin, which within the last few months has become one of the most valued of our products, Mr. Clarke named it in 1849 as one of the minerals of the country ; and in 1853 he reported that he had found tiu ore in almost every mass of drift in every portion of the country he had explored for gold, and that it was frequently abundant where gold was wanting. ' It exists in all the western streams from the Peel to the Condamiue, and is equally common in the southern districts.' The practical import ance of this observation is only now begin uing to be recognised. The information since obtained, and a careful comparison of facts coming under his notice with the his tory of tin-mining in other countries, enable him to speak thus confidently : — 'The great granite masses in this colony are not, pro bably, all as richly endowed as some par ticular spots which are now found so prolific ; but having seen the greater part of them, I am impressed with tbe opinion that, for cen turies to come, the industry now commenced will continue to occupy a prominent position among the producers of colonial wealth.' He calls attention to the remarkable fact that no sooner do we pass from the carboniferous areas, rich in coal and its associated minerals, than we are in a region where gold and cop per and lead abound — ' and passing from the sedimentary to the plutonic rocks we can discover granites which, however baTren ex ternally, are within frequently charged with the valuable ore of tin.' As for copper, within the last year it has been discovered in great abundance between the Lachlan, the Bjgan, and the Darlinp-, and beyond the Darling also, in the very region described by Sturt, as ' an inhospitable desert.' The great extension of copper-miniug in Queens land, and the geological facts which warrant the conclusion that that colony also is very rich in minerals, formed another topic of the address. Not without ample justification in welt authenticated facts did the author of that address say — ' It is remarkable how at this juncture the eastern colonies of Australia exhibit contemporaneously a great develop ment both of tin and copper. Surely this, and the revival of our auriferous wealth — all, he it noticed, by mining in the rock — is not without a very significant design ou the part of Providence.' Scene is a Victorian Shire Coukcil. — A Benalla journal gives the following par ticulars of a disgraceful fracas in the shire council of that place : — ' All local topics this week sink into insignificance compared with the scene which took place in the coun cil chambers ou Wednesday, just hefore the council met, between Councillor Clarke and the shire engineer, when a roughand tumble fight took place between the two, the engineer pushed through one of the windows, and Councillor Clarke leaving a quantity of his blood upon the floor of the chamber. The immediate cause of dispute was undoubtedly Taminick-road contract, about which more bad blood bas been made than Buy one job undertaken by the council, and with reference to which we have uot yet seen the last. It had come to the engineer's ears that Councillor Clarke had been ma ligning him, and on Wednesday he charged Councillor Clarke with having done so. The latter denied it, and after a few hot words called the engineer a liar. The latter re torted still hotter, and challenged Councillor Clarke to call him a liar outside. This he declined, and the two having been personal enemies for some time, they gave vent to their feelings and rushed at each other in the room, the engineer violently striking Councillor Clarke. The latter got his hand into Mr. Brown's mouth, and by giving him a peculiar grip, together with other assist ance from bystanders, kept tho engineer's head in a new sort of chancery. Getting Iree somewhat, the latter then threw up his head, and managed to free himself from Councillor Clarke's grip, the next moment giving him a drive which cut his face and sent him reeling, bespattering the floor with blood. Every effort was made to prevent this disgraceful occurrence — disgraceful to both parties, aud casting a slur upou the council ; but it cannot be denied that Coun cillor Clarke brought his punishment iu a great measure upon himself. He has never lost an opportunity of using his official posi tion to injure the engineer privately, and at the council table has frequently used the most opprobrious epithets towards him, on Wednesday, speaking of him as a ' fellow,' a 'menagerie-keeper,' and a 'bully.' The universal verdict is, so far as we can learn, it served him right, and that Councillor Clarke was in the wrong. But the engineer has other enemies in the council — Councillors Simson and Blackbume — and he committed the grave mistake of threatening what he would do for them if they did not discontinue talking of him behind his back. Councillor Blackbume left the council chambers, and would not return, and very properly too. In committee the subject was brought before the council, when another scene nearly en sued, Councillor Clarke again using most unwarrantable language towards the engi neer, and foolishly charging tbe proprietor of this journal with being the cause of the strife by ' writin' on him up and encouragin' him,' meaning the engineer.' The Ascent of Mount Lindsay. — This mountain is said to be the highest part of the Macpherson Range, and lies on the boundary-line between New South Wales and Queensland. It is 5700 feet above the level of tbe sea. A correspondent of the Richmond River Express BendB the follow ing account of an asoent made by two gen tlemen : — ' Anyone who has travelled from Queensland to the Richmond River district, New South Wales, cannot fail to remember the wild and picturesque scenery throagh which the road leads him over the dividing range, and he could not have crossed it without especially observing the magnificent effect presented by Mount Lindsay, which at one spot towers immediately above them for upwards of 2000 feet, its base clothed with dense scrubs, surmounted by a stupendous and precipitous rock, giving the impression of some gigantic fortress frowning down upon the surrounding country. The asoent of this mountain, whioh hitherto bas been deemed by most people to be impracticable, has been at length successfully accomplished by two gentlemen, Mr. T. de M. M. Prior of Maroon station, Queensland, and Mr. Pears, residing at Unumgar station, New South Wales. They performed the perilous -feat on Thursday, the let of this month, com mencing the ascent from the road at nine a.m., returning to the same spot at five p.m. The ascent seems to be attended by no ordi nary amount of peril and difficulty, and could only be performed by bold and experi enced climbers, with the assistance of a strong rope, the main rock being almost per pendicular for about 600 feet, would be quite . impossible without the a\d of the trees which grow on its face. Unfortunately the weather was dull, so that the Bmoke from the fires which they lighted on tbe summit were, for some hours, barely visible, owing to tha uniform grey tint of the sky. It however attracted the attention of the blades, who, from the Queensland side, answered by signal-fires, and caused considerable conster nation among the Unumgar tribe, some of whom suddenly appeared with eager in quiries as to the cause of the startling ap pearauoe, muttering something about ' debil, debil ! ' From the account of the gentlemen who so successfully scaled this mountain, the view must be most extensive. They could distinctly see the sea beyond Moreton Bay, though from the foreshorten ing of the landscape, the bay itself was not visible, also the sea all down the coast beyond the mouths of the rivers Clarence, i Richmond, and Tweed. The most striking effect of sunlight occurred at BunBet, plainly exhibiting the dense scrub on the summit. The sun, which had been almost entirely ob scured during the day, just as it dipped the horizon, made one expiring effort, and, bursting through tbe surrounding bank of clouds, sent the most splendid flame- coloured rays aoross the base of the mountain, light ing it up through the haze with which it was slightly enveloped, with the most delicate rainbow hues, finally resting on the pulpit rock of Mount Glcnnie; at the same time the crest appeared to be crowned with a roll ing volume of sulphur-tinted smoke standing out against the dull gray sky, the whole brilliant mass was thrown out by the sun lighted sombre green of the bush-ridges in the foreground. The effect was more lovely than can be imagined.' Railways at Five Thousand Dollabs a Mile. — A wooden railway on the four feet eight and a half inches gauge is being con structed from the town of Sorel, at the con fluence of the Richelieu River with the St. Lawrence, through Drummondville, to Arthabaska, P.Q., hy Mr. L. A. Senecal, contractor. The Montreal Herald gives a long acsount of a recent trip ou the line. Upwards of two thousand men were at work, and the rails are laid on a large por tion of the road. An experimental trip was made, the train going at the ratn of twenty five miles per hour, and running with re markable smoothness. The journal quoted furnishes the following interesting particu lars : — The ties, which are of hemlock and tamarack, are now brought down on trucks from the woods through which the railway runs : they are put on a railway, run up to most ingenious circular saws, so gaged that at one operation they are morticed the proper depth and distance, not the difference of a hair's-breadth being found between one and another. As fast as they are cut, and the operation is very fast indeed, the pre pared ties are rolled over to a different siding from that on whioh they were re ceived, an ordinary circular saw sides'them, and they are loaded up to be run out to the place where they are wanted. The wedges for keying up the rails are also prepared here. The rails are of maple, four by seven inches, and fourteen feet long, tbe gauge of the line being four feet eight and a half inches. The cost of the line, in which cost are included stations (nine in number), car and locomotive depot, engine and repairing Bhops, engine and tender, two pasBenger cars, eight grain-cars, and twenty- five wood cars, is five thousand dollars a mile, in full for all but the Yamaska bridge, which cost thirty-five thousand dollars. It should be mentioned that land damages, fences, &c.;, are included also in this amount. In pay ment it was agreed municipal and govern ment debentures should be taken at par, and nothing was to be paid except as work to the extent of ten thousand dollars was finished. The advocates of the uncomfort able narrow gauge railways which they claim are so cheap will do well to take lessons from the foregoing. — Scientific American. A Curious Calculation. — The Barrow Times says that the speeoh of Sir John Coleridge in the Tichborne case occupied 140 hours, and is perhaps the longest speeoh on record. It is true that Burke's speech in the Warren Hastings trial, tho whole of which lasted 148 days, has been oftentimes quoted as a specimen of forensic endurance, but it lasted only a little more than three days, merely a ninth-part of the time occu pied by the attorney-general. Brougham's speech on behalf of Queen Caroline, Lord Campbell's charge in the case of Palmer, and Lord Hope in the case of Madeline Smith ocoupied from seven to nine hours each. If average rates be calculated, then Sir John Coleridge must have spoken at the rate of 20 of our columns per diem of closely-printed matter. Now 26 days' speaking give 520 ordinary newspaper columns, containing, as near as may be, 112,000 lines — about one million words. If these 520 columns were stretohed out end to end they would measure nearly 780 feet, and were the lines extended in the same way would measure about a mile and three quarters ; taking each of the 520 columns at an average weight of 18 pounds, then the required weight of type would approxi mately be 9360 pounds. Belgium. — Belgium has onoe more booked an order for railB for a Spanish line. The Mooceau'sur-Sambre Ironworks Company has obtained an order for 6000 tooB of rails for the Medina del Campo and Salamanca railway. The great Belgium Central Railway Cotn panv, it is said, bave given out an order for 500 trucks, and 29 baggage-vans, to MM. de le Court and Company. At a second adjudi cation at Sarrebruck, M. Carels, of tiant, ob tained a contract for two locomotives, having made a lower tender than Herr Wohlert, of Berlin. The large public works undertaken or projected in most countries make us foster the hope that the year 1872 will continue the era of prosperity opened in 1871. On tbe continent tbe following large works are spoken of as going to be exeouted: — Tbe bridge over the Danube, at Pesth, wbieb will be as important, and will perhapB be more so than the famous bridge over the Moerdyk in Holland. In the latter country an important contract has just been made for the construction of tbirty-seven viaducts for tho crossing at Rotterdam. There were fifteen Belgian, English, French, and Dotoh com petitors. The Societe John Cockerill, whose tender was the lowest for the iron part, had not tendered for the castings ; tbe Societe Eugene Rolin and Co., of M«ine-le Compte, had asked 470,000 guilders (£39,166) ; tbe Prince of Orange Company, at 457,764 guilders (£37,238) ; tbe Butterly Iron Company 447,408 gaildera (£37,283); although tbe latter ' was the lowest, the Dotoh government has decided in the presence of this comparatively small dif ference, to entrust ths making of tha thirty* eefeo viaduot* to the oompany of th* Print* if Orange. Mo-t of thp iron for these works will be manufactured in Belgium. At Haut uniit new works are started for the tuanufac ?ure of I'ig-iron. Huge Trues. — Iu a report lately furnished !-y the Victorian Xuspcctor of State Forests, that officer wrote whoa recommending the reservation of a certain area: — 'On penetrating into many of the secluded spots near the source of the Watts, and on the spurs of the ranges iu the vicinity, I met with large tracts of valuable timber, enough to supply all ordinary demands for many years if carefully preserved. In many places I observe large areas where the axe of the splitter is yet unknown, and whore the timber averages from 100 to 150 trees per acre, with a diameter of from 2 feet to 6 feet and from 250 to 300 feet in height, the most of which are as Btraight as an arrow, with very lew branches. In some places, where the trees are fewer and at a lower altitude, the timber is much larger in diameter, averaging from 6 feet to 10 feet, and frequently trees of 15 feotin diameter are met with on alluvial flats near the river. Many of the trees that have fallen through decay and hy bush-fires measure 350 feet iu length, and with girth in proportion. In one instance I measured with the tape-line one huge specimen that lay prostrate across a tributary of the Watts, and found it to be 435 feet from its roots to the top of its trunk. At 5 feet from tho ground it measured 18 feet in diameter, ami at the extremo end, where it was broken in its fall, it is 3 feet in diameter. This tree has been much burnt by fire, and I fully believe that before it fell it must have been more than 500 feet high. As it dow lies it forms a complete bridge across a de.en ravine.' Attacked by a Tasmania^ Tiger. — A correspondent writes from Jeriobo informing the Hobart Town Mercury that on Saturday, 11th instant, Mr. James Jones was proceed ing along the road towards the lake, and when on a run known as the Poolmarsh he was attacked by a large tiger which came out of the scrub. Mr. Jones had a large stick in his hands, and succeeded in keeping the animal off; but he was followed by it for a distance of about half a mile. Mr. Jonos says the tiger was the largest he ever saw, standing about five feet high. He had a dark collar, and was of a different species to the common tiger, which has white marks across its back, and a very yellow collar. A youngster of literary tastes lately des cribed Darwin as the one who believed ' we degenerated from a monkey.' A shrewd confectioner out west has taught his parrot to say ' pretty creature' to every lady who enters his shop. His business is rapidly increasing. A clergyman at Council Bluffs marries couples by weight, charging four cents a pound for the groom and two for the bride. 