%\\)t Empire» MONDAY, JANUARY 1, 1872. BOTH to thoso who watched the pacing of midnight in"order to welcome the beginning of a new year, and thoso who preferred to be summoned by the rays of this morning's sun to a récognition of the fact' that 1872 was began, tho'season must have been suggestive of tho'events of the past, and tho expectations that may reasonably be entertained of the future. "When we compare the history of this colony during 1871, with that of the countries which have been the subject of reports and comments, it is impossible not to bo impressed with tho comparatively calm and prosperous character of the course of time in Australia. When the year L871 bogan, war was still raging in Europe ; and the apprehension that the deadly struggle between Franco and Germany might involve other European powers had not yet passed away. Sinco 1815, at all events, I Europe has not witnessed suoh, scones of havoc and desoía'ion as those of 1871. During the latter part of the ' year the direful seourge of famine has passed over some of tho most populous countries of Asia; and America has been visited with calamities by Gre to whioh no parallel can be found in recent history. In contrast to thoso great national tribuía tions, our home chronicles present little besides illustrations of peaoeful progress. In the administration of public affairs, and the work of Parliament there is, indeed, little to give satisfaction, or to sustain an honest pride in our free British institutions. One who looked for the actual history of New South Wales in our Parliamentary and official records, would probably conclude that it was a,dreary .waste of wordy conflict, chequered only by an inaotivo and apathetic recess, and by abortive attempts to placo some important mattcrB of administration on a bettor footing. When the year was beginning the present Ministry had just been formed; and the arrangements by whioh the new combination had been brought about wero the subject of keen criticism. ' Tho appointment , of Mr. Cowper, the Ohief Seoretary of the last Admi- nistration, to the' offioe of Agent- General of the colony, and his departure for England with congratulations and expressions of cordial friendship from old opponents joining in the farewell banquot with his stedfast political supporters, formed a pleasant episode in the fruitless political . warfare of the time. The ehipwreok of the Q icen of tho Thames on the ooast of Africa, and the subsequent safe arrival in England of the former Premier, naturally excited a lively interest herd.' But as for publie affairs, in the Btriot sense.of the torm, there has beon -littlq to.awaken hope or inte- rest. Tho chief display!of energy and skill oi che Government has been in the evasion rather than tho conquest of difficulties. And among their Parliamentary lloppoñents nono have established in the minds. of the people o decided' olaini 'br confidence. . \- Turning from the affairs of. Government to the substantial enterprises in whioh tho peop'e of the. country have a real - concern, a, much more gratifying retrospect meets tho view. A j very:favourable- season-for- pastoral-«nd agri cultural produoe ; an: improving demand in Europe for the produots of Australia ; tho aus- picious'opening of meat'preserving oompanies, intercolonial wool exhibitions ; a display, ol I live' stock in Prince Alfred.'Park superior to any' that had eyer1 before been.collected on Australian soil ; evidences in tho frequent noticès of laying foundation stones for schools; churches, hálls;óf friendly and mutual provi- dent and . cooperative so'oietiesi thatj ^the revenue derived. from all : this abundant mate- rial prosperity has been, to no small extent, devoted to; high;Cj:and .noble .'purposes; university and public examinations .. giv- ing assurance, of an energetic mental cul- ture; meetings-of numerous benevolent and religious' associations ; now' efforts for'the'prof motion pf . temperance, for tho' advancement o useful and fine arts, and sohemo after sóbeme for adding to tho wealth of individuals and companies,-these' form5'the- staple ^of the history of/Ñew'ßöäta'Yv^^'ij^lSr.l/','' There have been aó^jinciém&t;^^^qj1^^0^1 one pre-eminently,the deaths ofJdiiflhop Pat teson- which, stirred- the' heart of the com rounity. It is not'unreasonable to entertain the confidence that, amid these multifarious inoidents and .labours, good soed has bien sown, of which we may begin, in ,1872, to seo tho fruit. '?'!;'"1 ' ".' .;'?*'?". .'"'?' ' ' '.' ' '? _ If, in reviewing the post, we aro not with- out; some grounds for self reproaoh, wo-still havo cause for hope.- - The labours of years that are now- gone will not turn out to -haye been in vain. The various industries, that have heen pushed forward a stage in 1871 will contribute to the pros~ perity and power of tho oountry. And if peraovcranco and. energy aro the rule in private ; affairs, their influence : will: be -felt iri- the revival of public intoreut. A people carrying! ¡ on their business with'integrity and detarmi ! nation, will not suffer their representatives in power to tamper with; principles or to nogloot duty. If we cannot look-:forward with very; ardent hope to tbo re-assembling of Parliament; on tho ¿3rd instant-notwithstanding tho; almost, certain accession to the Legislative Assembly of tho politician, whose accomplish-; ment as .a; Mini-tor of the Grown elicited from' the pen of a. giant in literature the commen- dation,. '«ell done 1 Well doner, and who will certainly' contribute to make tho debates : more . lively than of late j-wo may. expect that before long tho direct influence of the people ; to produce a salutary ohango in tho mode .of conducting publia affaira. : If, however, wo aro to look round for the encouragement of our hopes concerning 1872 and the years that oro to. fillow, we would, instead of cherishing the confidence that the Parliament is to work wondorfal benefits, reaall the o'oaing advice of tho Premier of the Unitod Kingdom to his constituents on tho 28 th October last at Greenwich, to trust less to what Parliament was expected to nccom- j plish for them, and moro to their own industry and prudenco in making a good uso of the opportunities afc their own command. Tho various ' undertakings to which we have alluded as I cropping up in 1871, have pledged many to I persevere ia labours that oannot fail to yiold j beneficial results for the community. The, ! vantage ground to which the high tide of favourablo seasons has raised the colony, has inspired new zeal and vigour. So far as human foresight can judge of the unseen future, all now betokens an era of peaceful progress and success. Jn Europe the desola- tions of war are speedily repaired. In America the ravages of fire are followed by a magical energy of beneficent labour in restoration. In Australia, seldom or never did the sun of New Year's Day usher in a period so bright with auspicious assurances of pros- perity, as that of the first of January 1872. THE DUKE OP EDitraoiton.-A bit of highly authentic intelligence is supplied by a Paris journal, La Liberte, which informs ns that ' Lord Lyons will be replaced by Lord Loftus, os it is proposed to appoint Prince Alfred Viceroy of India and tho Australian colonies, with Lord LyonB os TJndor Governor, to reside in Melbourne.' Mn. THOMAS GABBETT.-A correspondent, writing from Sutton Forest'to the Goulburn Herald, says: Mr. Garrott, the new police magistrate for Berrima, is highly esteemed for his courtesy and businesslike habits, and he is most punctual in his attendnnoo to tho various duties devolving on bis position. LABOE SHEEP.-An extraordinary largo and fat aheep was on view in Mr. UouRhrane's shop in "Wollon- gong, on Saturday last. After being dressed and cleaned for Christmas consumption, tho carcase weighed 128 pounds.' Tho animal was reared and fat- tened on Mr. John Lindsay's farm at Charcoal.-Illa- warra Mercury. ALABJI OF FIRES.-Information was given to tho different fire-engine stations on Saturday night of a fire supposed to be on tho South Hoad-road. Tho various companies turned out, and on roaching the locality it was found it wan only a bush-fire, so that their services were not required. Last night another alarm was Sealed out but tho firemen, on going to Drnit-streot, iscoverod that some boys were burning a large number of Christmas bushes. SENSATIONAL EVENT.-A Nelson paper reports that during a recent passage of tho steamer Lady Barkly from Moteuka to Kelson a largo whale was seen to approach tho littlo vessel, and to swim right undor her, the head of tho huge oroaturo being Been on one sido and tho tail on tho other side of her at tho same timo. Tho passengers were not a little alarmod, but after the danger was over, were delighted at having had such an unusual opportunity of olosely inspecting one of those monsters of the deep. NEW TEMPERANCE ALMANAC. - Leo and KOSB, printers, of Oastlereagh-atreet, have just issued, in book form, their Temperance Almanac for 1872, and it ia indeed a oreditable and useful production. It con- tains tho' usual amount of information found in almanacs; but, besides that, .it possess suoh informa- tion and direction that no Temperance Sooiety should bo without. . It also contains a good deal of light read- ing, which is peculiarly suitablefor families. No doubt, the publisher's efforts will be well supported. BOAT RACE.-On Saturday last, Messrs. "W. Caw], and Joseph Dean, met Messrs. H. Lewis, and George Gibson (of Sands's establishment) to decide a wager in watermon's Bkiffs. The toss for choice of boats and position was won by the latter. The course being from ' Punoh's' boat-shed, "Woolloomooloo Bay, round Clark Island and back. Lewis and Gibson went away at the start ; but at the finish wore a considerable dis- tance astern. The defeated men have offered another challenge for LIO asido, which, on tho money ooming forward will bo taken up, HABVEST AND i "WEATHER NEWS PBOJI TUE IN- TERIOR.-A business' firm in Maitland favours tho Mercury with extracts from letters just to hand, as follows:-'Inverell, December 25. "We have any amount of wheat hero now.'-'Yarrawa, December 21\. The weather is very hot and dry hero.-' Taree lari, Big Biver, December- 24. The weather is fright- fully hot, "Wo had a very: heavy storm of rain on "Wednesday last, but was soon dried up ; itisoloudy to-day, and only hopo it will rain. This part is very bore of grass, and the water id fnilling fast.' MASONIC.–On Tuesday evening the companions of the St. Andrew Royal Arch Chapter, No. 110 under the Scotch Constitution, presented their First Prin- cipal, M. E Comp Nicholas Hopson, with an illumi- nated address expressive of their sense of the zealous and paternal manner in which he has always laboured for the interests of the Chapter. Mr. Hopson has been for many years connected with the craft, and has attained high honours, in it. The compliment paid him is a graceful recognition of his merits, and it is certainly no more than is due to him. LOST IN THE Bush.-The Sutton Forest, correspond- ent, writing to the Goulburn Herald, says :-The man who lost his way in proceeding to his friends near Bur- rawang has not yet been heard of, and by many it is supposed that he has fallen into one of the gullies between the station and the place of his destination. This is the more extraordinary when it is remembered that the house of his friends was pointed out, and he had only to proceed in the direction indicated. I am informed that several hundred people have been out for weeks looking for him. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.–I regret to record an accident of a serious nature which occurred at Parramatta, on Saturday evening, between 7 and 8 o'clock. It appears that after the arrival of the train a lady passenge–Mrs. Macarthur, wife of the Rev. G. F. Macarthur, of the King's School, and her two ohildren, took their seats in the carriage of Jenkins, who plies from the town to and from the station, and had only proceeded a short distance when Jenkins pulled his horses up to adjust the pole of the carriage, which had got out of order. He had partially arranged, this, when the loose straps which were not buckled, touched onc of thc horses. He took fright, and both animals dashed away with the carriage and pasengcrs. Thc carriage was dashed round thc corner into Church- street, and the horses galloped with it over the hill, and when near Carr's public-house the vehicle was brought into violent contact with the iron letter receiver there. The carriage was upset, and Mrs. Macarthur and her children were thrown out: the latter fortunately escaped unhurt, but the lady received a severe gash in the side of her face; Drs. Brown and M'Lawren were quickly in attendance, and it is feared that the lady received a severe shock to her system, besides the injury above referred to.-(Correspondent.) THE PAPER-FIBRE AND PAPER COMPANY.-Tho Maitland Mercury says :-"Work is actively proceeding at the mill, .which is tho contro of this company's operations, and tho machine for making brown paper will very soon be comploted. Wo were shown during tho- week a spepimen of hand-mado brown paper, of. whioh cornstalk seemed to be tho chief. component ; it was very stout, yet extremely pliable, and so tough that considerable force would hayo to bo used to tear, it,' For: wrapping ironmongery goods, and suoh heavy wares,1 it. would bo for moro durable and useful than any of :the common brown papers now employed, A con- siderable trade is dona at tho mill ip. tho purchase of -rags, and some idea'of the oxtèntof itmay ho gathered from the fact that during tho past month 1,10 has been expended, in tho purchase of rags.- A demand having been discovered, tho supply seems to ho at once avail- able, and the'. value of the material purchased shows .what waste must have existed in. households owing to tho absonco of this demand. Brown, paper will bo rondo at tho mill within a very few days. * AN-AMUSING OCCURRENCE.-Speaking of the doings in the Brisbane Parliament one evening, ? tho Brisbano Oonrier says :-An acoident happened about midnight which for a timo created great aonfuaion. Tho Oppo- sition mombors wanted td got a 'count out,' so they only loft two or threo mombors in tho Itouso at a timo, "ono to talk and tho other to seo that a quorum was always present. Tho members belonging to tba othor »eldo wanted to smoko or refresh very frequently, which tho Opposition disapproved of. Tho oonsequena« was that directly tho HOUBO dwindled down a little, tho Opposition member left to watch 'called attention to the state of the Houso"-which was dono on tho averago of avery five minutes or BO-wherupon tho Sorgeant nt-Arms would bo ordered to 'rim; tho boll,' when ii quorum would bo formed. Tho sergeant's vigour increasing, or tho boll wiro not being circulated to stand suoh an everlasting pulling, it at lost gavo way, and tho sergeant tuggad at tho handle in vain. Whon ho found that the bell would not ring, his consterna- tion was somothing terrible. ' Tho Spoaker said, sternly, "Sergeant, ring tho bellt Tho Sergeant, with quivering lip, said, * Sir, tho bell's broko 1" and the Bpeakor tried to look dignified, but miserably failed. After a tremendous hubbub, among tho messengers ' of tho Houso and others for somo timo, an hotel dinner-bell was begged, bor- rowed, ." or* stolen from somewhere, and placed opposito tho library door. For tho rost of tho Bitting, every timo 'attention was called to tho s tato of House,' tho sergeant would rush ont in a fran tio manner, seize this boll with both hands, and shako j it ns though tho safety and wolfaro of tho colony depended upon his ringing it loud onough. Ho seemed , to wrcstlo with tho bell ns though it was a fioroo antagonist whom ho was determined to ' talco thc con- ceit' out of, and always returned after theso tussles nnd took his accustomed scat near tho bar with a proud step and an air of triumph. 