TUESDAY.—JANUARY 9. Before the police-magistrate. Ono drunkard was discharged. Sarah Ann Last was charged with using threaten ing languogo to her husband, Ohristian Last. Mr. Gannon for prosecoution. Christian Last deposed; Defendant is my wifo; she has given way to drinking very much lately; yesterday she was very violent in her conduct and throw knives and other articles at me; she threat ened she would be the death of mo; 1 am afraid unless restrained that ehe will do me some injury. Defendant was sent to jail for fourteen days in default of finding sureties to be of good behaviour. GOULBURN MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—The half yearly meeting of members will take place this even Ing at half-past seven o'clook. THE GOULBURN LITERARY SOCIETY.—This society having been dissolved, the balance of its remaining funds amounting to between £27 and £28 have boon generously handed over to the Goulburn hospital. DANGEROUS CONDITION OF THE FITZROY BRIDGE. —We are informed that there are two large holes in the flooring of this bridge, very dangerous to persons and animals crossing, espeooially after dark. GOULBURN VOLUNTEER RIFLES.—Private F. Hay. ley has been promoted to the rank of corporaldin the above company. BUSH-FIRES.—A large fire was burning on Sun day evening near Sidwoll'o, about three miles from Goulburn on the Sydney road. It has ninoo de clined. A nettier named Savillo we hear has had a portion of his fonoing, and his crops doe troyed. Yesterday the grass within the railway feneas within the town was on fire, supposed to have boon ignited by eparks from one of the engines. Men were engaged in keeping it from opreading, and no harm was done. A few days ago a man pas. ing along the Torlo road lit his pipe and throw the match carelessly down, riding on without taking any further notice. The grass quickly caught fire. The family of Mr. Ayling, living close at hand, by dint of great exertions succeeded in putting the fire out before any damage was done beyond the destruction of a little grass. Everything just now is in an ex codingly inflammable condition, and everybody should be more than usually cautious. The fires in the west have already been very destructive, and unless due care be observed the southern districts may equally sufior. Every landholder, no matter at what amount of inconvenience to himself, should make a point of prosoeuting any breach of the Careless Use of Fire Act that may come under his notico. PUBLIC MEETING AT RARALGA CONCERNING THE LAND BILL.—A well-attended public meeting was held at Taralga on Saturday last, at which resolu tions condemning the proposed land bill were adopted. ROSLYN PUBLIC SCHOOL.—Mr. Francis Cartwright has been appointed a member of the board of the Roslyn public school. FILTHY WRITING IN RAILWAY CARRIAGES.— disgusting practice has been indulged in-in the car riages which run between here and Sydney, as was witnessed by our informant during the late excursion trip to the metropolis. He says that in the carriage which he (and still worse, his wife) had the mis fortune to occupy the whole of the journey to Goul burn, a number of business cards were affixed; and on oach of these cards the words were altered, noratched out, or added to by loal.poncil so as to give them a bad meaning; and indeed in some cases the pencil had boon used on figures, and in such a way as to makeo them represent truly disgraceful nights. It is a groat pity the perpetrators of such a blackguardly act are not brought to justice, for boxed np tia railway-carriage, and perhaps with ladies in company, for five or six hours with such writing as the above continually before your gaze, is anything but pleasant; and we trust the persons addicted to such low babits will soon moot with their deserts. INTENDED SALE OF LEASES.—A sale of leases of two portions of land of 600 and 700 acres respco tively near Binds, in the county of Georgiana, was about to be commenced by the land agent at the court-bouseo, Goulburn, yesterday, when it was dis covered that the portions were actually under proe lease to Mr. George Evans of Kangaloolah and the rent paid up to December, 1872. In consoequnco of this carolessness on the part of the land department, cno gentleman was put to considerable oxpense, besides having to ride eighty miles to attend the sale. DISTRICT COURTS.—District courts will be holden at the following places, and on the days mentioned during the year 1872, viz.:-At Young, Tuesday, 30th January; Orenfoll, Monday, 6th February; Burrowa, Friday, 0th February; Gundagai, Friday, 10th February; Tumut, Tuesday, 20th February; Wagga Wagga, Wednesday, 28th February; Albury, Thursday, 7th March; Corowa, Tuesday, 12th March; Doniliquin, Tuesday, 10th March; Hay, Thursday, 28th March; Bulranald, Wednesday, 3rd April; WVentworth, Thursday, 11th April; Young, Wednesday, 22nd May; Grenfoll, Monday, 27th May; Burrowa, Friday, 31st May; Gundagai, Thursday, 6th Juno i Timut, Monday, 10th Juno; Wsugga Wagga, Monday, 17th Juno; Albury; Friday, 21st Juno; Oorowa, Tuesday, 25th June, Doniliquin, Friday, 28th Juno; Young, Wednesday, 14th August s Gronfoll, Monday, 19th August; Burrowa, Friday, 23rd August; Gundagai, Friday, 30th August; Tumdt, Tuesday 3rd September; Wagga Wagga, Wednesday, 11th September; Albury, Friday, 20th September; Corowa, Tuesday, 24th September: Doniliquin, Tuesday, lot Octobor; Hay, Thursday, 10th October 1 Balranald, Wedneos day, 10th Obtobor; Wontworth, Thursday, 24th October. ADDRESSES TO DR. DAVIDSON.—From the Cooma papors we oxtract the following addresseo, presented to Dr. Davideon on bie doparturo.from Cooma to' toa?o up his residence in this city.: Dr. Davidson's raplies are also anneoxed:—From the Hope of Manaro Division of the Sons of Temperance:-T To Lewis Gordon Davidson, Esq., M.D., Dear sir,—On behalf of the Hope of Manaro Division of the nons of Temperance, we the undersigned have to express to you our warmest thanks and gratitude for the able and nmenlecat manner in which you have attended to the medical nwaots and nccostlnsf oor fraternity, and alio for tie c0r ,dint asupport wmich you hbno at altlmtes ondernd to our society. With thesincere trust that Divine Providence will grant you success, and that wherever your career may lead you, it may be marked with prosperlty and happiness. Believe us to be, dear sir, yours truly, JNO. ILES, W.P. GEO. F. DAVIS, P.W.P. F. HEWISON, R.S. For the members of the H. of M. Division Sons of Temper ance. [REPLY.] Gentlemen,—I thank you sincerely for your handsome ad dress, and shall faithfully cherish it as remembrance of my over ploasant connection with your society as ito medicall ooeor. Permit mo to erpros the estecm that I rutertalu for you Indibvidually, with the slncoro wish that your society may n0rese In numrbers and prosperity to the benefiot of the dies trlot. Believe me, yours very truly, LEWIS G. DAVIDSON, M.d. From thb brauoh Holy OCatholic Guild of St. Patrick: To Loewis Gordon Dovldtou, Esq., M.D., Guild Mtedioal Omier. Dear sir,-We, the members of the' aovo brauch; being uwaro of your approraching departure from this district, do hoereby wish to express our sinero regret at the samero and to assuro you that our esteem for your personai ChaorOter aud professional ability renders that departuro a lo sr to us whloi wo deplore no our medical ofjlcer aod uellow townsmano. We trust heartily that tho otal aod ability which you have i well oexercised towards us will be deservedly reoognised and apprreiatcd In the now sphere to which you are about r0 moving. n coonclusion, we wish to tender our warmest wishes for your future welfaro oad happiners, togethoer with that of your family. aly. olieve uso to be, dear sir, yours falithfoilly, (igned on hbehalf of the society) WILLIAM PARKINSON, Warden JAMES CRONIN, Bursar JOHN J. O'BRIEN [REPLY.] To the occrs and brethren ofat the Australasinan Ioly Cathollo Guild of St. Mary and Bt. Joseph, St. Patrlok's branch, Cooms. yev. Chairman and Uentlomnn,-I thanki you most sla sorely for your kind addroos, which will be faithfully treasured aos a pleansat romombraooo of my conneotion with your no cluty as its medicalotlcer. I also thank you for thu hand so moaneor In which it has boon presented. I connsidor my self more than usually fortuuoato in hnaving gained the unoani. mously-expressed oeteom of so largo and Influential a body (enlohaned tho more by Its belong voluntary and unsolioted), at parting. Permit me.to express the ostem whioh I feel to wards you individually, and the hopo that my successor. may even more deooere your coufdeono and courtesy, and your socoiety daily tnoreouo in prosperity. ttllovo me yours very truly, Latoz Gt. DAVootcO, M.D. sEN.-Thureday.-Hie Excellency the Governor armtved hero at fivo o'clock this evening, and was enthusiastically eoeoivod. Arrangdmonts have boon mado for the prdsontation of an address, and also for a boating pionio to-morrow. It is hi Excellenoy's intoeition to leave for Boga on Saturday morning.- Telegram to S. M. eorald. "MELarouaN.--Thnurday. - The Suseox. Is still holding togothor. An .offioial inquiry was com nn d tjis mornin in rfro in rho1,.. of the voso. .f.no :wituoo xamie hnove boon quoa. tionod ano to the light and the steering of the ship. The inquiry is not yot econcluded. Tho wrook was sold to-day for £6800. Mr. Miller of Goolong is the purohasor.-The annual sale of the Mlaribyrnong yearlings took place to-day at Mr. Potty's stud farm. There was a good attendance and brisk conm potition. The highest prioo, seoven hundred guinesn, was paid by Mr. Filgato for a colt by Fireworks out of Rose do Florence. Mr. John Tait paid six hun dred and fifty guineas for a colt by Fireworks out of Juliet. Eleven wore sold for three thousand eight hundred guineas, or an average of three hundred and fifty-two guineas eoah.-King, the survivor of the Burko and Wills exploring party, is dying.-A severe shook of earthquake was felt at Beeohworth" last night. It continued during more than thirty sooonds.-Thi?rday, 7.30 p.m.--ho oevidenco ad duced at the inquiry as to the loss of the ship Sussex, fails to sustain the captain's statement that he was deceived by a light from a pilot-boat. The wreook and cargo were sold to-day, and realised £6800, subject to two claime, amounting to £2000. The ship still; holds well togothor.-Liboral 'draw baok'regulationa have boon published.-Friday, 8.0 p.m.-Tho ovidence which was adduood to-day at the inquiry as to the loss of the ship Sussex, points to the romaine of a picnic- fire at Burwon Heads as the cause of the disaetor.-The survey of the boun dary-line between Victoria and New South Wales is comploted.-The Australian Meat-Presorving Com pany's Works have boon sold for £7000, Mr. George Kirk being the purchasor.-The government will hold a spocial cabinet meeting to- morrow, to con sider the subject of the re-establishment of duties on goods sent over the Murray.-Tolograms to Syd noy daily papers. BEGA.—Saturday.—His Excellency Earl Belmore was met at Frog's Hollow by three hundred horse men and escorted into town, where an address was presented. A public dinner will be given to-night, at which about seventy persons will be present. HislExoolloncy loaves to-morrow morning in time to attend divine servioo at Kamarska, and will roach Bomb ai on Tuesday morriinlg-Tologram to:S. ., Herald. CIVIL SERVANTS ON THE GOLD-FIELDS.—The Government Gazette of Friday contains the follow ing notice issued from the offioo of the colonial secretary, and boating the signature of Mr. Robert con:-" Any employee of 4he government on any gold-field who may In future deal in mining shares, or bold miners' rights or claims to mines on such gold-field, will be removed from the public service." GEOGRAPHY GENERALISED.—A distinguished par ronage in this colony (says the Brisbane Colonist, a Queensland journal) is reported to havo nekod, " whre in East Meoroton P" A great political luminary in the neighbouring colony of Now South Wales seems to be ignorant of the geographical divisions of the world, and is not ashamed to display his "larning" prominently. In a despatch on the Fiji question submitted to Lord Belmoro for transmission to the imperial government, Sir James Martin says-" the whole European population amounts to about 1500. How many of the Euro poans are Americans it is impossible to say." Sir James is, we believe, a native of Now South Wales, and has, apparently, not thought It necossary to pur uon his geographical investigations beyond the borders of that colony. He, no doubt, is under the impression that outside of Australia the world is Europe. A SELF-ACCUSED BIGAMIST.—One of the candi dates for parliamentary honors at the last Tumut election—John Thomas Valentine Walker—has, we learn from the Border Post, laid an information against himself for bigamy. The case came before the Albury bench on the 2nd instant, and is thus rdported by our contemporary:-John Thomas Valentine Walker was brought up, charged with bigamy. It appears from the ovidence of Sergeant Lonthall, that prisoner woeit to the lookup about twelve o'clock on Saturday night and asked to see the sergeant, who was immediately sent for, and on coming to the lochkup prisoner said, "now sergeant, if you have a shoot of clean paper I will toll you something." The sorgoant then said " do you want to lay a charge against yourselft" The prisonor then said "yes; " whereupon the seorgeant cautioned him to the offect that whatever statement he made would be taken down and brought as evidence against him at his trial; prisoner said he was satis fled; he seemed as if he had boon suffering a ro covery; he was sober at the time. The statement wont to show that prisoner had boon married in Melbourno to a Mary Dally, when he was seventeen years of ago that she had four childrea to him; thatho e hd loft her and come to slbury some nino years ago; that.he had boon married about eight years ago to Jano Spalding; that he had worked for i Mr. Thompson, and that he had been in business in Tumout and Adolong. The whole otatomont went to show that ho had boon married twice, and therefore the sergeant askod him " what he gave himself in ohargo for, was it bigany P" when he replied, " "h did not know about bigamy, for the first marriago had to be proved;" he stated that he had received letters from Mary Dally, and that she was going to prosoecuto him, but that the magistrates would not sign the warrant. The bench romanded prisoner for eight days; bail allowed, himsoolf in £80 and two ourotios of £40 aoh.-Gundagai Times. SINGULAR SUICIDE.—An inquest was held yester day at the hospital, by Captain Brownrigg, on the body of a man named James Dunn, who had been received into the institution while suffering from serious wounds on the head. It appeared that deceased had himself inflicted the wounds by the aid of a morticing-axe, which he must have held in one hand and repeatedly used, the head being chipped and gashed in several places. The blows must have been continued until the skull was fractured. Before death the deceased admitted that he had done the deed himself; and on being asked to allow some one to wash him, replied curtly, that " he would be dead in half an hour, and didn't want anybody to wash him." A member of the family with whom he had been living about thirty years, Mr. Marr, also spoke to him, but was told that he wished to have nothing more to say to anybody. Before this occasion he had never been known to show signs of lunacy, but he had been drinking too freely lately and had been working under a very severe sun. It is conjectured that these circumstances may have affected the man's mind. The jury returned a verdict of killed by wounds self- inflicted while in a state of temporary insanity. THE POLITICAL SITUATION.—A change of ministry or a dissolution is imminont. That is plain. And we confess that of the two we should prefer the latter; for we have no reason to believo that it Sir James and his colleagues wore sent to the right-. about their places would be filled by more capable men. We do not speak a word in favour of the oabinet-simply beoauso they have hot giveon oven their most projddiced partisanu a chance to praise them-but we confess that the more we sone of Now South Wales politiciane, the more we are impressed with the conviction that Pompey is remarkably like Cmsar-so like indeed that it would be very hard to toll one from the other. In opposition, members ravo and storm, talte virtuously of the corruption praotised by the occupants of the treasury bonohes; but no sooner do they themselves obtain place and pay, than they forget their opposition utterances and follow oxoctly the same courses they, condemned in their predooessors. 'A base in point is the coonduot of the lMartin-Robertson ministry with regard to the loan moneys. They ousted-or rather the party that followed them did-Mr. Cowper beooaus he spent money raised by loan for purposeos unano. tioned; yet Sir James o Martin is hardly seated in the premier's place than he does things preoisely similar to those which he complained of as crimes only a whit removed from an impeachmeont in Mr. Oowpeor, It is evident that place mkeos a great, differeonce in the opinions of hon. gentlemen. A portfolio and £1600 a-year change their ideas most ffooetually. It is indeed a clear illustration of the ovorllsting truth of the saying " oireomstances alter casco."' Hones we should prefer to soo a dissolution rather than a change of ministry. The now eleotions might bring fresh. blood into the arena-and than who knows but omeobody may be forthcoming to govern the country besides the old parties. We are heartily sick of Martin add Parkes, Robertson and Martin. It is our earnest belief that until the gov ornmont of the country falls into the hands of an honest party, independent altogether of those old cliques, we need not expect any real progress. "Presbyter is but priest writ largo;" and, the ministry of one of any of the present leaders is just the samr as the ministry of the other-the only difforonce being in name. The proesent government are in danger. Their soats are slipping away from tbohem. A change or an appeal to tho country'ie not many months distant. The formor wo don't caro about.; but the latter will do good if tho peoplo are only true to thomseolver and elect men in whom they have confdeonce, and wliose past lifo gives a guarantoo that they are not adventurers nor gabbing quaocks. Dubbo Dispatch. WHAT'S IN A NAME.—One of the mining com-. panies at Ohowton near Qaetlomaine has the follow ; s. t:¢l., .- Wt?. ".,.. i-. , O- ,th ".5 lA L' ,. Quartz Gold Mining Company (Limited)." FIRE AT COROWA.—The hotel at Corowa occupied by Mr. Patrick Kennedy was destroyed by fire on the night of Tuesday last. The main building was of ".wood, and this was completely gutted, the only good seavod booing tho furniture from a stono room. belonging to the hotel. The origin of the fire is not known. Sparks wore carried aerose the street, and Mr. Levin's store had a narrow scoape, a part of the verandah having boon sot on fire. DRAY TRAFFIC ON THE GREAT NORTHERN ROAD. —A young gentleman who during. the weook tra velled the Loohinvar road, saw on his journey no. less than a dozen wool-teame on their way toIMor path, and a number of teamso laden with supplies on. their.return trip up country. Since tho'opening of, the railway to Muswollbrook till this year the deser tion of the road so low down as Loohinvar has boon remarked; so that to soo it thronged with drays this year is somowhat of a phenomenon, for which the minister for works may account as he ploeasos. Maitland Mercury. 