INTRODUCTION. The past month has been a very quiet one. Political matters have remained altogether in abeyance, and even the rumours relative to the coming fight at the next elections have been very vague and untrustworthy. Parliament has been further prorogued until the 31st of Janu- ary next, and ere the arrival of that date another prorogation will certainly take place unless in the interim something very unexpected transpires. The atop taken by the Government and Parliament of New South "Wales in making Sydney practically a freo port will force upon Victoria tho necessity of considonng the propriety of remodelling her tariff. Novv that our extended railway communication offers such facilities for the transmission of gooda across the border from Now South Wales to Victoria, it is evident that if the same articles yvhich havo to pay in the last-named colony a duiy of 20 per cent, are admitted to the former free, then not only is the Riverina trade, for- merly enjoyed by Victoria, at an end, but every inducement will be oflerod to those yvho are disposed to engage in the illicit trade of .«muggling. There is no doubt but that this matter will command considerable attention at the coming elections. Th visit of what is known as " Mr. W. G. Grace's All-England Eleven" to the colony has produced great excite- ment. Their first match with Eighteen' of Victoria took place on the Molbourno ground, and resulted in a brilliant and somewhat unexpected victory for the colony, the Victorians winning in ono innings yvith 21 runs to spare. Thore :_ ..- ,1".,l.t +T,"J. «," All TTr,"l",-,,l IS no uouut enan ino -tuj.-,iauj;uuiu Eleven »vere scarcely in their usual form, but at tho same time our cricket has much improved sinco the visit of the last team from .the old country. Although the Victorians aro of course pleased with their success, there is mixed up with that feeling a kind of regret that their visitors did not make a larger score. . It is, how- ever, very probable that the next time conclusions between tho two teams aro tried on the Melbourne ground, the result may be very different. One thing is very certain, the love for all manly British sports is firmly rooted in this community, and therefore it is not surprising that our boys and young men should excel in them. The late match was witnessed on each day by a concourse of people numbering from 12,000 to 10,000. Tho squatters in the Wimmera district who were accused of having been inter- ested in the extensive fraudulent selec- tions which took place on their runs have all been deprived of thoir pastoral licences by tlio Governor in Council, and it is stated that investigations similar to those which recently took place at Stawell will bo instituted in other parts of the colony. SOCIAL. We are now in the midst of the holidays, which are being kept in that thorough manner which is characteristic o£ the Vic- torian community. The amusements of Christmas week were entered into with great zest, though the visit of the All- England Eleven caused public attention to be pretty well concentrated on the cricket field. Hovv the match All-England v. Victoria was played, and how the Eighteen of the colony won a gicnt victoiy on »li. Umce'S picked Eleven, is elsewhere described. It is, in one yvay, a matter ot small importance tuat our holidays are well kopt, but, on the other hand, the character of our festivities at such seasons as this is indicative of the prosperity or otherwise of the colony ; and it is there i fore gratifying to place on record that the amusements of Christmastide were never more freely participated in by all classes than during the week which has just gone by. The Government has finally (resolved not to accept the terms offered by the proprietors of the old Government-house at Toorak for the occupation of the place after the expira- tion of the present lease, and pending the completion of the new building, His Excel- lency will find a refuge at the Bishop's Palace, East Melbourne. His Excellency is to leave Melbourne on Saturday, for Tas- mania, on a visit of a yveek or 10 days to his old schoolfellow, Mr. Ducano, Go- vernor of the island colony. We believe that Sir George Bowen and Mr. Ducano were to- gether at the Charterhouse. The Macgregor, the new steamship yvhich took the first mails from Sydney to San Fran- cisco under the new contract;, arrived in Hobson's Bay on Saturday, December 0, and after unloading some of her cargo, went on to Sydney. She lett that port on the 20th inst., yvith the largest mail that has yet been carried between Sydney and San Francisco. The New SoüthWales Government has an- nounced that letters norn Victoria and the other Australian colonies will be carried to San Francisco at the ordinary Suez rate, with an extra charge for any foreign postage it may be necessary to collect, i Some disgraceful rioting, having its origin i' in a contest between capital and labour, re | presented by the Lothair Mining Company I and the miners in its employment, has taken place at Clunes. The men, backed up by the Clunes Miners' Association, made a number of demands for the curtailment of the hours of labour and the increase of pay under certain circumstances, yvhich the directors of the company considered incompatible with the profitable working of the mine. They therefore declined to make the concessions asked for, and the miners struck. It was U11U1 U. lilllU UllUU LJ.ciivj ui ulinda from other districts would be giad to accept the company's terms, but various influences were brought to bear to dissuade them from engaging. It was then . decided to obtain Chinese labour norn Ballarat. The Clunes miners at once held a meeting, and resolved to resist the introduction of the Chinese to tho utmost. The men armed themselves »vith axes, picks, clubs, &c;, and posted scouts along the road. After watching during the night of the 8th inst., information was brought into Clunes that five coaches, laden »vith Chinese, and guarded by troopers, lvould arrive about 8 o'clock in the morning. Over 1,000 miners assembled, the fire- bells all the while ringing out the alarm ; and the men, accompanied by troops of women and children, proceeded to the junction of the .i Ballarat and Clunes roads, about one milo from the to»vn. A barricade »vas instantly elected ; ploughs, drays, timber, stone, bricks, &e.;, were used, and a formidable itiucture erected. As soon as tho coaches came within distance, a perfect stoim of stones and bricks fell upon tile occupants. The police, though few in number, fought well, and for a short time maintained their position ; but the ovei po»vering and detei mined onslaught of the ifliiieis, assisted hy their wives, compelled wein to îetiace their steps to Bal- larat. The battle was fought with de t« mined eneigy aud bravery on both sides. Sergeant Lanier, Mr. Bryant (mining manager), and Mr. Pascoe (local directoi) weie seriously assaulted, and íeceived several cuts on the head. The Chinese also came ¡a for their shaio of maltreatment. The -immediate prosecution hy the Govern, aient of the ringleaders in these dis- graceful pioccedings was looked for, tat _ after prolonged consideration, tho Ministry declined to take any decided action '" the matter. Instead of directing a prose- cution for riot, tlie police were instructed to merely take out summonses for common ^aiilt, and to conduct the cases themselves. Afcivof tho more piominent of the rioters Järe proceeded «gainst in this »vay, and »"ed £fi. Such an outrageous breach of the *w han therefore practically gone un punished The Government who were pro nobly influenced hy the sympathy expressed for the rioters by the miners of other dis tacts have in this mattei laid themselves open to the censure of the law abiding por tion of the community No fresh discoveries have been made m connexion with the Land Oflice defalcations and arrangements aie being mido which will prevent any peculation m the department m future Ihe Government are UBinb every effort to secure the cai tin e of 01 ei rall The aeent general has been telegrai iied to and instructed to si are no expense to secure his arrest and similai communications have been addressed to the proper authorities in the United States in all the countues of Europe and wherever the extradition treaty is m force In conne tion with the recent defalcations the conduct of some of the officers of the department lias been consi dered unsatisfactory and an inquiry is to bo made by a board With Chnstmastide came round again the annual speech days of the schools. Tuesday the 16th inst., was appointed as the united speech day of the three leading public schools. Each of these usually has a different speech day but in two previous years they have united and held their great annual festival conjointly. One of these occasions was during a visit of the Duke of Edinburgh and the other was in 1870 The authori- ties of the three schools had not at first intended to unite in this matter this year but they agreed to do so at the request of His Excellency the Governor, who had consented to take part in the distribu- tion of prizes. The proceedings took place in the Town-hall and the magnificent accom- modation which that building can afford was not too extensive for the occasion. Pupils from the three institutions filled the plat- form. Altogether the numbers present were approximately: -Scotch College; 330 Wesley College 260; Grammar School 130. The re- mainder of the hall was crowded with their relatives and friends. In the course of some brief remarks which he addressed to those present previous to presenting the prizes, His Excellency recommended to the govern- ing bodies of the schools a careful study of report of the "Royal Commission of Inquiry into the Condition of the Chief Public Schools of England," published in 1864, and impressed upon the attention of those whom he was addressing the vital im- portance-especially in a new country like this, much of which has yet to be subdued and replenished for the use of civilised man -of the study of natural science, and of that technical and scientific education which is in a large degree based upon it. After a few words of advice and encouragement to the scholars, His Excellency concluded his re- marks with the following sentences, which were warmly applauded :-" There is nothing which keeps a people true to hereditary virtues more than a strong but liberal spirit of nationality. Never forget that you are not only Victorians, but Australians ; not only Australians, but Britons-(cheers) -sons and heirs of the British Empire members of that Imperial race which has overspread the world from one end to another, and brings with it everywhere the blessings of its well-ordered freedom, its glorious memories of the past, and its still more glorious hopes for the future. We all belong to that Imperial race which has con- quered those vast Indian realms which of old baffied the armies of Alexander, and which is now, by the still nobler arts of peace, fast subduing our own Australia that great Southern land, Terra Australis, which lay beyond the chart of Columbus. Never forget that the Crown is the symbol of the united British Empire, and that loyalty to the Crown is only another term for patri- otic devotion to our own race and nation. I believe that there is no part of the British Empire in which the spirit of loyal nationality is more strong or more general than Vic- toria. (Cheers.) And I am sure that the rising generation, in which all the hopes of the colony are centred, will never degenerate from the spirit of its fathers." (Cheers.) The prizes lvon at the recent meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association were pre- sented by_ His Excellency the Governor on the evening of the 19th December in the Town-hall. The proceedings were of a very interesting character, and attracted a large number of bijbuIuUh». The Dotvy ot me nail was occupied by the various volunteer corps and the local force. His Excellency, accom panied by Lady Bowen and Miss Bowen, arrived about half-past 8 o'clock. Colonel Anderson, the president of the association, delivered a brief address, and the report was then read by Major Templeton, the bon. secretary. His Excellency made a few ob- servations, and quoted the remarltB of Lord Derby on the importance and value of an efficient volunteer force. The prizes were then presented to the successful competitors amid the applause of their comrades. After the conclusion of the ceremony, the Ne»v Zealand war medals lately received from England »vero delivered to the proper re- cipients. With regard to the dummy selections in the Wimmera district, »vhich were the sub- ject of the recent inquiry before a special land board at Stawell, the Governor ia Coun- cil has ordered the forfeiture, not only of the selections, but of the licences of the pastoral tenants upon »vhose runs the selections were made. The following are the names of the licensees and the runs which have been for- feited :-Charles Carter, Samuel Carter, W. J. Carter, and John Carter, Brighton North ; Alexander Dennis, Carr's Plains; Andrew Anderson and Co., Wallaloo Creek ; Martin Shanahan, Marnoo; Charles Ayrey and Henry Nicol, Warranooke. The licences of these runs will be put up to auction at an early date, and tlio land taken up by the dummies lias,-been again--thrown open for selection. * V * ' The annual dinner çivènby the proprietors of The Argus and The Australasian to the literary staff of those journals, and the heads of the various departments of both offices, took place at Scott's Hotel on Saturday evening, December 20. The company num- bered between 40 and 50, Mr. Hugh George, the general manager, -occupying, the chair. The toasts proposed and responded to sho»ved the cordial relations subsisting be- tween employers and employed. » ,Tbe bust of 1I.K.H. the Duke o£ Edin burch, executed by Mr. Charles .Summers, and ' presented to the Victorian1 National Gallery by Mr. Abraham Linacre, lias arrived" in Melbourne, and been placed on its pedestal in that institution. ' Leave of absence for 12 months has been granted to Captain Kaye'.-clerk of tlie Execu riv-p Connell. It is his intention to »roceed to England foi a MBit at an early date His duties aie undertaken by Majoi Pitt' Judge Hackett and Judge Noel have each obtained a jeal s leaye of absence According to îeturns compiled m the logis trargenerals oflice the population of the colony on the 30th September was 785 702 Duimgtho quarter the gam to the popula tion by excess of births over deaths was 4,830* and the gain by excess of arrivals ovei depaiture8 707 Hie net increase yyas there fore 5 597 ' Suits havo lecently been instituted against the Ciovvn by several squatters for the pui pose of obtaining grants of land selected by them undei tue provisions of the Acts of 18b2 and 1S03 By tho foi mer of these acts introducing a neiv sjstem of dealing yvith our Ciovvn lands those peisons who had purchased land by auction undei tlie old sjstem yveie entitled to ceitificates undei which they could select 20 acres undei fay oui able conditions the ceitit cates vvoie for the moBt part pm chased by squatteis at pnces i anging ftom 10s to 10s pel aue Hie cottiiicate holdem vvcie requned honevei to fulfil ceitain con dihons as to lmpiovements namely within tlie hint seal after selection to cultivate one acie m 10 fence the giound oi elect a Imbi table dv elhnfc Aniont otheis ii ho acquiied a gi eat deal ofland bj means of these cei tifie iles yveie the Messis Wmtei Ihey recently al plied to the Government for the issue to thom of Ciown grants foi the allotments the} lind selected The Lands depaitment refused to sanction the issue of giants as tlie lequued improvements had not been made Hie Winteis then Ide J a bill m equity to compel tlie issue of the giant, alleg nib that they had elected a habitable dwelling on each allotment Una structure was proved tobe a small hut with balk íooí, no n mdow oi chimney and a bag dooi the outside cost being £10 Mi Justice Moles worth has held that this edifice roa a habit able dwelling within tho meaning of the act and therefoie made a dcciee in favoiu of the ¡ Vi mtcrB We mentioned last month that Mi L L Smith a member of the Legislative Assembly, had been sued by a contractor named Armi- tage for £500, which Armitago said was ex- torted from him by Smith in the course of negotiations with the Government. The jury, gave a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed. Mr. Smith has since applied to the Full Court to ha»-o the verdict set aside or for a ne»v trial, but the Court refused the application. Since the verdict was given Armitage has died. The female operatives employed in the Victorian and Albion Woollen Cloth Fac- tories, Geelong, strongly object to their hours of labour being curtailed by tho Female Labour Act, which comes into opera- tion on the 1st of January. They recently petitioned the Chief Secretary^to exercise the power vested in him, and suspend the third clause in favour of those factories. Mr. Francis directed an inquiry into'the subject hy the police magistrate at Geelong, and having received a report favourable to the vie»vs of the petitioners, has determined to issue orders in compliance with their wishes. The late Dr. Godfrey Howitt has be queathed to the University of Melbourne his valuable entomological collection and his library on the subjects of entomology and botany. Dr, Ilowitt has also bequeathed to the University the sum of £1,000, for tho purpose of founding three "Howitt Natural History Scholarships " in the subjects of comparative anatomy and zoology ; chemistry, mineralogy, and botany ; and geology and palaeontology. As this sum is at present insufficient to carry out the design of the testator, the bequest is to accumulate at compound interest for l8 years, or until the fundís sufficient to produce the required in- come, The movement in favour of silk grovving, set on foot by Mrs. Bladen Neill, seems likey to lead to valuable results. At the first half-yearly meeting of the Victorian Ladies' Sericicultural Company held in Mel- bourne, a very favourable report was pre- sented. A quantity of groin in excellent condition had been received from M. Roland, the education of which would be carried on in January. Mrs. Neill, who was present at the meeting, said the success in sériciculture already achieved in Victoria was beyond her expectations, and fully justified her in going to Europe in order to make further arrangements and complete those partially made. The P. and 0. Company had offered her a free passage, and she pur- posed going by the January mail, and anticipated that she would be able to take with. her lOOoz. of very good grain. This grain had been educated by Miss Stuart, and though there had been an insufficient supply of food, the Buccess in connexion with it had been unprecedented. Not only did the worms thrive here, but she had been electrified at the way in which mulberry trees progressed. Satisfactory news »vith re fard to the industry had been received from laylesford, Wodonga, and Albury, and other districts. A Greek who had been in the silk business bofore he carno to the colony, and who had seen her (Mrs. Neill's) cocoons, had been perfectly astonished thereat, and had said he had never beheld anything finer even in Greece, which country had produced some remarkably good silk. «¡another coal discovery in Gipps Land has been reported, The locality in this instance is the Hazelwood mine, six miles from the proposed railway line. The main deposit is a seam of hard coal, 31in. thick, resting on clay and sandstone. Above this is,8ft. of inferior shale, with numerous thin seams of coal making into thicker seams. There is every probability that a seam of coal 8£t. or 10ft. thick will be struck, as all the seams dip one way. The quality of the coal is very good, especially for gas purposes. It gives a much greater heat than charcoal. Twelve tons of coal have been raised to the surface^ A sad accident took place on board the turret-ship Cerberus on the lltb,*»ylûle shot and shell practice was being 'en- gaged . in at Queenscliff. The order T'Cease firing" had just been given, when Sub-lieutenant Wyllys, of the Nelson, who had been stationed on the pilot deck, watching the effect of the shot, made a false Btep, and fell backwards on the edge of the turret, bounding thence on to the breaat work, and eventually landing on the main deck, where he was picked up quite insen- sible. Hits injuries wnrA fntgt an.d J_S died in the course of a fe»v hours. Amongst the deaths recorded during the month is that of Captain Hugh Macmeikan, who had been well known in Melbourne during the last 25 years. He was in com- mand of a ship on the coast of New South Wales so long since as 1838, and in 1848 he came out to Port Phillip in command of the passenger ship Omar Pacha. In 1853 Captain Macmeikan came out to Victoria once more, in command of the steamer Havilah, the property of himself and some friends. This ship was the first regular steam trader be- tween Victoria and South Australia. In 1859 Captain Macmeikan, now associated with the firm of M'Meckan and Blackwood, went to England and superintended the building of the steamer Omeo, and brought her out with the Tasmanian telegraph cable on board. This cable Captain Macmeikan laid. Afterwards, he went to England again, and purchased the steamers Alhambra and Gothenburg, for Messrs. M'Meckan and Blackwood, and superintended the building of the Coorong for the same firm. The Aldinga came out to the colony about this time, and for several years Captain Macmeikan sailed her. After spending a quarter of a century afloat, Captain Hugh Macmeikan joined his brother in business, Two or three years ago an abscess formed in his leg, and the limb was recently amputated, the result being the death of the patient. Mr. William Paterson Muir, manager of the Land Mortgage Bank of Victoria, has died suddenly of apoplexy. He was a colonist of over 20 years' standing. Ile arrived here prior to 1853, and was for some years engaged in business yvith his brothers both in Ballarat and Melbourne, but their commercial transactions proved unfortunate. He afterwords obtained the position of manager of the Land Mortgage Bank at the time of its establishment, and has occupied the office ever since. He was CO years of age at the time of his death. Mr. James Frederick Martley, barrister-at law, has died suddenly at Sandhurst, from apoplexy. Mr. Martley was called to the bar in Ireland in 1817, and came out to this colony in 1850. In March, 18GQ, ho yvas appointed Solicitor- General to tlie Nicholson Administration, having suc- ceeded Mr. Adamson in that office. This office Mr. Martley retained till November of the same year, when he retired with tlie other members of that Government He had been elected to íepresent Maldon m the early part of 18G0, in place of Mr Ilaiker That Parliament was dissolved m the middle of 1861 by Mr Heales, the then Chief Secretary, and Mr Martley, »vho had taken a pi om ment part in opposing the líenles Mimstiy, was defeated foi Maldon, his successful opponent being the late Mr John Ramsay Mr Maitley took no public interest in politics after lus íe tucment fiom tho Legislative Assemblj His fathei, Mi Henry Martley, was one of the judges of the Encumbeied Estates Court, in li eland, and his uncle was chairman of Geneial Sessions in the county of Monaghan ne was also eithei nephew or grand nephew of Sir Francis Blackburn, ono of the Lord Justices of Appeal m Ireland Only a few weeks pieviously, Mis Martley (»vho »»as neailj íelated to the late Charles Lovel, the novelist) died suddenly of disease .of the heait The hot »veathei which has been îecently e\peiienced has been accompanied, as is usually, the case by a numbei of fires, more or less destiuctne, and bush files have been fiequent lhc most disastrous of the con lingiations which lme occuued dunng the last fe»v »y eeks »» as one at Matlock, »v hieb swept a»vij the vbole tonnslnp with the ex- ception of one stoic-that of Mi Donaldson, and tiuscd the death of two clnldien named SI Laien »vho »voie burnt to undcis The buildings being of wood the vvor'e of destinotion was »eiy npid In tv o bonis fiom the time the fire bioke out not i »estibo of the township saving the stote alieidy mentioned, lomamed Three hotels lost eveiything Mis M'Conochy sa» ed a fe»v clothes and bedding all the icst baicly what they stood m The post oflice and all the mails »voie consumed The chaiied lemains of poultry and am mils »v ei-e to be seen in the street With one exception th.o sufferers by the file were un insnied, and a subscription is being raised fo»- their i ehef. A fire, »vhicb occurred early one morning, destroyed the preserving room and kitchen of the Melbourne Meat preserv- ing Company's »yorke, and it was only hy great exertions on the part of tue employes that the whole premises vi ere saved from destruction The damage done (about£4,000) was covciul by insurance At Rowena parade, Richmond, 3evcral wooden houses weie binnt, and a child which had been left m one of them was burnt to death A few days afterwards the Shakspenre Hotel and the Au\toaluui newspaper office Kichmoml, were buint to the ground 'lhere yvas no time to save anything, tlie people m tho hotel barely escaping with their hy es It was reported last month that the ship Penthesilea had been nearlj destroyed by fire at Williamstown, and that Wm Dossett, one of the boys employed on board, had con- fessed that lie was the incendiary. When arraigned at the criminal sessions Dossett pleaded guilty to having set fne to the ship, and was sentenced to two years' hard laboui What is supposed to be a shocking tragedy has been brought to light at Corop. A couple of haystacks were burnt on Mr. Riley's farm on the 2nd December, having evidenly been fired by an incendiary. On the following Sunday the body of a man, since identified as a son of Dr. Crossland, of Inglewood, was discovered in the débris of the fire, and it was surmised from the appearance of the remains that the deceased had been killed and thrown into the haystack, which had been set on fire with the view of concealing the crime. A joung man named Alexander Tod, temporarily employed is teller at the Union Bank of Australia, Melbourne, embezzled tho sum of £1,200, and tried to escape fiom the colony in a steamer bound for New Zealand Ile was, however, arrested at Queenscliff and brought to Melbourne In his company was a young woman named Elizabeth Armstrong, said to bo a bar maid, who was anested also, and chaiged with being accessory to the theft In her possession vyerc found 500 sovereigns, and a bank draft on Auckland m favour of Eliza- beth Armstrong for £500 Only £10 was found on Tod It is alleged that Tod had previously possessed himself of £200 in small sums, besides the £1,0001 ound in the woman's possession. Both prisoners have been com- mitted foi trial A shocking boat accident occurred in Corio t«" m »1 n off^rnnnn nt Tintino 1)av hv Bay on tue atternoon oí uoxing juay, uy wliich eight or ten lives-the exact number has not yet been ascertained-were lost. All the iishing-boats and yachts in the bay were engaged during the afternoon, and not a few of them left the wharves to visit different places of interest, dangerously overcrowded. About 4 o'clock one of these boats, managed by a fisherman named Sharpe, was observed to be caught in a gale about half a mile from the shore at Cowie's Creek, and while tack ing about she capBized. Another boat, from which tho accident was observed, imme- diately made towards the spot, and, it is said, rendered every possible aid to the struggling Eassengers. The number of passengers on oard the boat to which the accident hap- pened was said to be over 20, mostly women and children, and of this number eight only yveie saved. The names of those known to be drowned aro Mr. Philpott, stonemason, St. Kilda ; H. Blashki, of Carlton, aged 10 ;. and Catherine Watts, IG: AlfredShugg, 15: and Rosie Walker, of Geelong ; a boy named Williams, from near Melbourne, and another person, a stranger to Geelong. Other names are rumoured of persons who are represented to be missing, The body of Mr. Philpott was recovered on. Monday, and Lan inquest was commenced the same night. ' Particulars of the catastrophe, as detailed'at the examina- tion before the coroner, aro given elsewhere. Two lamentable accidents with firearms have occurred. A farmer named John Bris- bane, living near Echuca, was moving a shot gun when it exploded, the charge entering is wife's body and killing her instantly. At Wedderburn a number of young men were out kangaroo shooting, and a kangaroo was startcd, A lad named Joseph Gray fired at it, not noticing that a companion, William Winter, was in the way. The charge struck Winter instead of the kangiirôû, blowing out the poor fellow's brains. At an inquest _c!Ü on the deceased's body, the jury declared that Gray had not used-proper caution in dis- charging the gun, ¡and found him guilty of manslaughter, on which charge he was com- mitted for trial, THE POLITICAL SITUATION. " Parliament being in recess, the month has been almost barren of political events. The general election which takes place in March, however, has begun to excite some interest, and numerous candidates are already in the field. The Government were threatened with a serious difficulty in the recent riot at Clunes arising out of tho employment of Chinese cheap labour; bat the affair has blown over, and it does not appear likely to como to the surfacä again. The Cabinet determined that the police should bo instructed to issue summonses for simple assault against all persons who could be identified as having committed any breach of the peace on the occasion in question. With the ¡Bsue of these general instructions the Government ceased to take any active part in the matter, which was left in the hands of the Clunes police. It »vas men- tioned in the .last summary, that necessity had arisen in the interests ot tue Victorian revenue to put in force the 10th clause of the Bolder convention made bet»veen Vic- toria and Ne»v South Wales, touching the importation into Victorin of unmanu- factured tobacco from the neighbouring colony. Some correspondence published in connexion »vith the subject shows that the Vic- torian Government did not proceed without just grounds, for the tobacco merchants of Sydney were making arrangements »vith Vic- torian tradesmen for the export of tobacco across the border, which, if not stopped, would have defrauded our revenge of veiy large sums. The Ministry has had under its consideiation the necessity of establishing a Port and Harbour Trust and Marino Board. The Chief Secretary, in answer to an in- fluential deputation from the Chamber of Commet ce, the Shipowners' Association, and the Merchant Shipping and Underwriters' As- sociation, »vho recently waited upon him, admitted the necessity tor legislation on the subject, but pointed to previous abortive efforts in proof of the difficulty of dealing satisfactorily »vith it. He said that if the deputation would prepare a complete state- ment of their views, the Government »vould be \'ery glad to make use of it in draughting the three bills which, in his opinion would be necessary to embrace Hie »vhole subject. The deputation having agreed to do this, reference »vas mado to the »vant of a man pnnnliln nf nmnminf» Hip vnrinuR innttoi-s of cápame ot grasping tue vauous matteisoi detail, and forming them into one harnio nious whole Mr 1 rancis exmesscd the opinion that if a man fitted for the task could not be found in this colony it would be well to seek elsewhere forjnm The Go\ em ment have been making strenuous effoits to pieicnt evasions of the Land Act, and a number of dummy selections m the Wim mera distiict, together with tho licences of certain pastoral tenants in whoso mteiests the dummy selections were made, have been foi felted _ EDUCATION Tlie Tducation Act has now been in force for twelve months, and the ropoit of the de partment upon the result of the change m the educational system o£ the colony will bo anxiously looked foi The Minister of Public Instruction (Mr J W Stephen), duiing a speech made at the laying of the foundation stone of a now stato school at Malmsbuiy took occasion to remind the country that the act was still an experiment, and to warn people fiom preniatuiely declaims it to be asuccess He tiusted that it would pi oye a success and a great blessing to the counti} but its success depended gi eatly upon its udnnnistiatioii and upon the co operation both of patents mil children Ile defended the puncipleof fiee education on the gtound that it w as the liest and tlio most economical way of piomoting primai-} education and picservmg equality amongst the childien He expressed the hope that the piinciplo might heicaftei be extended to a Indici standnid of education He îegietted tho tendency that w as exhibited b} parents to stop the education of then childien at the. stnndaid lixed by the act thus failing to take advantage of the extia subjects Ile was sony also to lind Unit in many schools the ayemtc attendance was not so f,ood m relation to tlie numbc- on the rolls as it should be He tiusted tint it would not be necessary to put the compul sory clauses into foi ce but he should Jeave that entirely to the disci etion of the local boards of advice. He also expressed himself very strongly against the act being used in any way as a political engine, and stated that he did not himself interfere in the appointment of teachers further than allowing a right of appeal to himself. The state school teachers are by no means satisfied with their present scale of remu neiation. A largo meeting was held recently, at- which the following reso- lutions were agreed to unanimously : 1\. " That in the opinion of this meeting the positions and salaries of all assistant teachers belo»v the rank of first have been seriously affected by the operation of the present regulations, which are not suffi- ciently remunerative to those assistants. That such insufficiency of remuneration will have an injurious effect upon the educa- tional intore8ts.of the colony, by compelling thoso.who are so ill paid to seek other em- ployment, and by deterring others from entering the profession. That the best means of ameliorating the condition of assistants is by the establishment of a system »vhich recognises double Btaffs [e.g., first male, first female ; second male, second female, and so on, according to attendance), and at the same time lessens the disparity between the salaries of the first and junior assistants." 2\. "That hiview of the desirability of en- couraging the teachers of the colony to undertake their own mental culture beyond the bare requirements of the examination for competency, it is resolved to ask the Minister to carry out clause 25 of the Education Act, by augmenting the salaries of those teachers who may win honours." 3\. "That it is desirable that not more than one-fifth of the teachers' maximum salary should depend on results." 4. "That in the opinion of this meeting greater facilities should be afforded for the teaching of extra subjects." 5. "That this meeting respectfully requests tho Minister of Education to pub- lish the total amount received on account of extra subjects for tho year 1873, specifying thcsumsreceivedforeachsubject." 0, "That this meeting »vould respectfully request the Minister to reconsider his decision in refer- ence to corporal punishment, so as to leave the head teacher to the exercise of his discre- tion in the administration of punishments." 7 "That the salaries of head teachers re 7\. "Tliat tue salaries oí neau leacuers re quiie to be readjusted, and based upon a more liberal scale than that hitherto adopted by the Minister, bo as to provide equitably for thelossof school fees." 8. " That seeing the income of the teaohers ia now»made entirely dependent upon the maintenance of an average attendance, it is desirable that when the daily average of any school» is reduced by (say) 30 per cent, through hot or rainy »veather, the attendance, though marked, should not be added in computing the monthly average." 9. "That a copy of the resolutions be fonvarded as a memorial to the Minister of Education." The resolutions are at present under the consideration of the Minister. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. There has been very littlo neivs of an ex. traordinary character respecting gold-mining published during the past month. Business in mining stock and shares continues dull, and the fall in their value noticed in' last month's summary has not been retrieved. The industry is, however, being carried on upon all the gold-fields with very profitable results, and, so far as can be ascertained, it appears that the general yield from all the diggings is satisfactory. The extensive quartz mines of Sandhuist. continue, in most instances, to give very excellent returns. The Garden Gully No. 2 and No. 3 Tribute claims have sent in splendid yields for some time, thelastbeing2,á02oz. 7d»vt. for the former, and 2,823oz. for the latter. On Christmas Eve many of the Sandhurst companies cleaned up, preparatory to the holidays, and declared dividends. The yields quite equalled antici- pations, and the dividends, though not equal tC? those of the previous Christmas, »vlien several companies had special prosperity, were such as to demonstrate the thorough soundness of legitimate (¡nartz-mining m the district, and to give promise of con tinuous prosperity after the New Year's holidays are over. The Bendigo Indepen- dent, writing on. tho 7th xilt. on the subject of calla and dividends in tho Sandhurst, or, as it is called, tho Bendigo district, remarks:-"If anything jjcimifeu uuvubv, .,»..".._.. .- -.- «..J v.....a were needed to show the extraordinary elas- ticity of the gold-field of Bendigo, and to confound -those croakers who aie ready to exclaim that our glory has departed because the share market is dull to deadness, it would be found in the t esult of the operations of the past week. Tho calls (amount to the extraordinary sum-for these times-of within a pound or two of £12,000, and though it is quite probable that much of this amount will never be paid up, the fact îemains that an extraordinary levy has been mado. But the dividends'amount to over £11,500, and thus exceed the calls by" £2,500. The gold yield is 6,500oz. for the iveek." From Ballarat proper there is not much to report, but at Blackwood, yvhich is a division of the Ballarat mining district, the Sultan and other quartz mines are returning yields find showing signs of reefs which give the most substantial promise that the countr}' xvill, like Sandhurst and Stawell, proveían extensive and highly prosperous quartz district. A piactico has been introduced by the Queen Victoria, a largo mining company at Ballarat, which holds a large area of land, and only uses it for the purpose of prospect- ing for leads of gold in the deep ground,* of letting, on íeasofjablc tqims, the Burface area to individual miners to sink at shallow levels in Bearch of gold. The introduction of the prtictice by the Queen Victoria Com , pany has been attended with such good results, that the Sovereign and other com- panies on the same line will probably adopt the same system. It costs the shareholders nothing, but it may put a good deal of money to their credit ; it provides employment for a number of miners who would otherwise be idle, many of whom may bo fortunate enough to make money by their bargain, and it helps to develope the mines. If tho com- panies at Elaine and one or two other places that have monopolised large areas of ground, and partially locked up the districts againBt the minors, weie to follow tho sensible example of the Queen Victoria Company, it would be hotter for them, The great draw- back to the bettor development o£ quartz lodes has always been the immense areas of ground taken up, the most of which can never bo worked, much less prospected, from one shaft, and in all such cases, if tlmro nra nn» out fnoR lí-tulprfl I it will bfl mllcll I there are any suiface leaders it win ue raucu to the advantage of the owners of the'groiind to imite minors to tiy it on lovv tribute in small partieB of two fpui siv 01 eight A new gold field has beon discovoied »vith in the paBt month at Bennison s 1 lat about t»vo miles from the Stockyaid Cieek diggings near Comer Inlet Gipps Land which is moie interesting than such discovenes gene rally are The Stockyaid Cieek country until the past twooi thiee years »»as un known and gold had not been found »vitlnn a long distance of it "When the piocious metal \»as found the disco»eiy »vas of gieat importance as it led to the presumption that the m toi vening country bet»veon Corner Inlet and the old goldfields would bo pioved to bo aunfeious in many placos The ground ho»ve»ei foi many miles aiound, »»ascovered »vith an impenetiablo scuib and it »vas not until about a yeal ago that any othei goldfield than tint of Stocl j aid Gi otk was found m the nei_hbouihood lintons Cieek distant about eight miles »vas thon opened up a tiatl ha» nie, been cut thiough the seiub and the new diggings pioved »eiy nch foi a time but the yields fell ofl considerably in amount uftei tho (nat few months owing to tho fact that no aunferous giound beyond that containing the original lead of gold was found About thjee weeks n_o howcvei an outside um of splendid told »mis tome upon m »v hat is I now n as the pi ospettm_ claim I at turtons, fiom which ovei 20o/ of gold »»ns washed and it is hoi ed that the um »»ill i io»o to be nnothei lend Tho staking of food gold m Bennison s 1 lat will go fai to piodute the opinion that tlio district all aiound is aunferous and if that be tlio enso prospecting will bo earned on »vhoievu the diggers considci theie is a piobnbihty of suecess 01 at all events m all likely places to which the scrubby natuic of the country »»ill allo»v tlitm to penetrate the munni, bjelaws »»Inch aie in fence in the distuct have _n en the greatest dissatisf letion as they allo»v such lan_o aiens to he marked ofl ami occupied under lease by the few persons »vho nro on the ground first at any ne»v i uah th vt there is scarcely any chanto »vhatover of those yvho come on the ground after the first two or three days securing any claim within reasonable distance of tho way in which the gold is supposed to run. A crowded meeting was field at Stockyard Creek, on Saturday the 13th ult,, to protest against the system of granting such largo areas as are now given, and resolutions were passed protesting against the granting of any further leases on Bennison. Flat, so that miners generally may hilve Biich a chance of obtaining ground as they havo in most other districts xvhen noiv rushes break out. At a meeting of shareholders in the Lal Lal Iron Company, held on Friday the 20th ult., at Craig- Royal Hotol, it was decided by motion to rescind a previous resolution making the number of shares in the com- pany 24,000, and to substituto for same 480 BharcB of £100 each, 240 of which are to be offered to the public at a premium of £10 each, £2,000 of the monoy obtained to be placed to the credit of the company. Tho committee reported having visited tho mine and selected site for the furnace and line of road from the station. The plan of a, fur- nace said to be capable of producing CO tons of iron per week, with a statement that a start could be roado and iron produced at a cost of £2,000, were placed on ino table, and a prospectus was read and approved of. AGRICULTURE. Hot weather having set in unusually early, the cropB in most parts of tho colony havo been prematurely ripened, --In the early dis- tricts, the wheats were too far advanced to suffer injury; a few samples yvhich havo arrived in town are of very superior quality, and there need no longer be any anxiety yvith regard to the yield of our prin- cipal cereal ; although tho heat came too soon for some of the crops in late localities, and dried thom off before the berry yvas filled, it is certain that inde- pendent of those we shall have a large yield of excellent grain. It would, perhaps, bo im- prudent to say more than this. The statistics of last harvest afforded a promise of a small suiplus of wheat for exportation, but the market has nevoi been glutted, nor does any giound exist for assuming that the estimated surplus is to be found in the hands of mowers In some of the Loddon districts Lan est is quite finished, and a little pi ogress has been mado in thicshing On the Murray the same stago has been reached, and also in the earliest of oin North Eastern districts, so that whatovoi remains of last years harvest may now be regarded as surplus, the quantity, howevoi, is but small, ana as shown by the stateof the market, lseviaentlyregardedwithmdifferoiice by buyers It is too early yet to estimate the probable aggregato, but that of last year is not likely to be exceeded, laigo aieas having again been laid down m pastures The oat crops generally hay e not done well In most caBes they weie too fai gone tobo restoied by the fino weather in Noy oin bei , the colony is yeaily becoming more dependent on imports fonts supplies ot this cereal.nor is it becoming more self supporting m the article of malting barley that crop having declined ni favour in consequence of its liability to uijtiiy from caterpillar A visitation of locusts has again been experienced, but the cold wea ther m the spimg appears to havo retarded the dex elopment of these insects, so that the} have done little harm to tho crops, but m some districts they have consumed the grasses so as to have made feed remaikably scarce Tho continued piesonco of this pest has induced visits of its enemies About a month ago lalge docks of a bud (apparontl} of the starling tribe) made theil appeaiaucc and as quickly went away after clearing the districts y ísited of locusts Still later, flocks of oui natue cairioncrows haie mado unie nutting attacks upon the locusts These birds are seldom seen together m numbcis until the autumn is fairly advanced, and ey en then not m such flocks as have magically appealed to aid the settlers m their Lreat need The do weather is now making feed veiy scarce, and unless a thorough change takes placo a latge quantity of Stock must bo forced upon tue market as on pievious occasions of dioughti Tho Yineyaul leports are upon thç whole favouiable; the crowds bottei understand the method of coping with oïdium, and íetaid sulphuiing as an ordiniuy act of liusbantii}, placing it .. (1 o oniiie rutpoorv na hairowillß tvmß in the same category as liairoiving tying ^c The Government thioufch the depart meut of Agriculture has announced its m tcntion of taking chaigc ot samples of Vic torian wines for exhibition at South Ken snigton Since the lmioitition ceased of cattle and other h»o Btock from Lui ope and foieiLjii countnes few sales have taken pi ice i ho most note»voi thy have been those of tinco young bulls fiom the Wallaby mid Aiundel herds Mr Hoheit M Dougall s tw o of them pri/» winnora at the last bIiow of tho National Agricultural Society in Melbourne Aja\ Booth the champion bull on that occasion has been sold foi 1 000 guineas Booth s hinsman a yeaihng for COO and another still younger for 400 guineas All tin co havo gone to Ne»v South WaleB MEAT PRESERVING In consequence of a diminution in prices the market for the purchase of sheep is moro favourable for meat preserving companies than it has been for some months past. But unfortunately just at this juncture the Mel- bourne Meat preserving Company has becomo temporarily disabled through a fire which did much damage to its works at Maribyr- nong on the 7th December. The fire was discovered shortly after 6 a.m. on that day, by a butcher living on the premises and an alarm being given all hands turned out and under the guidance of Mr. Ritchie manager, succeeded in confining it to the kitchen, cooling and testing rooms, which, however were destroyed. An inquest was held, on the fire at which the following verdict was re- turned by the jury: - That the fire, in our opinion, was caused accidentally but there is no direct evidence to show how it oc- curred." The property destroyed was in- sured for upwards of £5,000. Pending the completion of the necessary repairs the company has rented the Australian Meat preserving Company works at Footscray, where it is temporarily carrying on opera- tions It is expected that the Melbourne Company's works will be ready for the re- sumption of operations in about two months. The Warrnambool Meat preserving Fac- tory will shortly be in active operation again, Messrs. Mawbey, Collins, and Co., having recently purchased 7,000 sheep from Queens- land, and having about 12 000 under offer in the Western district. For three or four months past the works have been stopped owing to Mr Mawboy being unable to pur- chase cattle and sheep at a moderate price for preserving ; and, as the European agents have been asking for supplies, especially for France and Germany, in any quantities, the loss to the proprietors has been considerable. The news received by recent mails has been most encouraging, and it is intended to con- tinue operations in the future without inter- mission if sufficient encouragement is given by the stockowners in this district. During the past month there has been a discussion in the papers with regard to a charge which has previously been frequently made against our squatters, of want of enter- prise, so far as meat preserving is concerned It was evoked by a paragraph in a letter rela- tive to the failure of Mr. Harrison's meat freezing experiment on board the Norfolk, written by Mr. Samuel Wilson one of the leading souatteis of tlio colon} In this paragraph Mr Wilson after mentioning that the gentlemen connected with the pastoial into est had subscribed funds foi tlio pin pose of enabling Mr, ITainson's invention to be tested, added that they might now await the lesult of anothoi oxiienment about to bo made by Mi Moit, olSvdnc}, and that they could no longoi bo chaiged with want of entoipnse This provoked a retoit as to tho dilliculty winch had hoon ox penenced in obtaining Bufiicient funds foi tho expenment, namely, £2 500 and as to tho masterly inactivity which has hithoito elia lactensed squatters when other moat pre- serving experiments have beon made It is also contended by Mi Wilson s cutíes that as the experiment yvould, if successful, havo added enormously to tho value of every squ itting and landed piopoity m tho colon} and as it is admitted on all hands that tlio Noifolk experiment did not havo a fan trial, they might îcason ably again subscribo some money for tlio pinposc of ayun tcstnu, the invention Mi, Wilson's reply was to the effect that tho more tho squatters' property increased m value the moro they would bo harrasscd by selectors and bo held up to public odium. A number of gentlemen mot in Sydnoy recently for the purpose of testing tho meat-prcsorving Erocess patented by Mr. J. V. Lavera. Tho meats placed beforo tho company-turkoy, beef, and mutton-had been subjected to Mr.Xa»'crs's process, or lather to a modifica- tion of it. intended for domestic uso. Tho beef had been killed 11 days and the mutton five, and both were perfectly sound, thora not being the slightest odour of decomposi- tion, or any change in the flavour or appoar nnco of the joints perceptible. WIE LABOUR MARKET. Owing to the holidays tho labour market has been a good deal disturbed during tho past month, and tho rates ruling in many o£ the trados are very uncertain. The want of household servants is daily becoming moro apparent, and tho number of omployors at the labour offices is daily increasing, whilo there is a corresponding docroaso in tho number of servants willing to take »vork. Tho shearing is nearly over in Victoria, having been greatly protracted by the »vant of hands. Farming men aro in gieat re- quest just now, and they mako tho most of their opportunity. The »»-ages demanded aro such as to mako agriculture a very unprofit- able operation. Marriod couples aro badly wonted, £90 per annum, with rations, was refused lately by a mai ried couple to go only about a dozen milea out of town. Tho rates quoted for household servants, both in town and country, can be readily obtained, but Bervants are so scaico that vory littlo hiring takes place. Tue following aio the ratos of wages paid! Domestic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £30 to £3G per annum ; femalo cooks receive from £40 to £60 per annum ; male do., 30s. to 80a. per week ; nursemaids, £30 to £35 perannum ; laundrcB8CB,£30to£40porannum. For Hotels- Cooks, malo and femalo. £60 to P1 nriiinr nnnnm . hmiKnmaida £35 to £40 nor do. £100 per annum, Housemaids mo to *,iu por ao For Stations-rirst class married couples for home Btations £70 to £90 pel annum, second class do with children £40 to £50 per do ; cooks £45 to £55 per do housemaids £35 to £40 por do For Farms-Men cooks £50 to £00 per annum man led couples £00 to £70 per do , femalo general servants, £30 to £33 per do Waiters for hotels 20s to 30s per »veok ; grocers' assistants 15s to 30s do , gcnoral store do 20s to 40s do drapers' assistants, 30a to 40s do , nursery go» orneases £30 to £40 per annum , finishing do , £00 to £80 do. Station Hands -Drovers from 25s to 40s. Íioi- week grooms and stockmen 20s do ; arm sonants and ploughmen 25s per week, bal»estmon 30s per week, stoek ndeis and boundary men £35 to £50 per annum, shephoids lös to 20s per »veek Sheaiera in Ri» erina iccciv o from 17s to 20s. per 100 sheep without rations in Victoim, the into is fiom 11s to 12a per 100 sheep, »vith rations The following »»ages for skilled labouiors and othor tradesmen are without rations, un]o8s»»herespecialll moiitionod - Building Ti ados- Stonemasons Ila pet da} plasteiois brídela) ers slaters 10s per do carpenters 10s tolls nerdo labourers, 7s pel do , pick and shovel mon, Os per do The day s work ia eight hours Bootmakers -ror n» otttngebildren s boots the late is Gd porpair, bojs lOd , womon s, Is and men s Is 3d The same rates aie paid for finishing In somo of the boat oidoL shopa the ratea paid aie -Wellingtons 10s , elastics 7s Od , c'osmg, 8s Good bands foi lachos boots aro scarce Bakers -rust class »voikmen (fore men) a»erngo £3 per »veok , second hands £2 to £2 2s In mfeiiorshops tho rates nie slightly low or Butchers-Shopmen iecei\o from 35s to 40s per week, boys 15s to 20s poi»vcek, slaughtermen receive from 40a to 50s per »v eek, small goods men (pork butchers) re- cen o 30s to 40s per »»eek, »vith rationa, Buponor men rccono moro Brnssfini8hors and Coppersmiths -Thoro is a full supply of labour in this trade rho a»eragorate of wages paid is 10s per day, the pas ment being 15d per hour Cabinetmakers-Tho a»erago eai nings of good tradesmen is 9s. per day, though some superior hands get higher wagos. Second class workmen earn from 35s. to 40a. per week. UpholBtorors can earn from £210s. to £3 per week. Coopere.-Most of the work in this trado is done by the pioco ; the wages fixed by tho trade aro 10s. por day of 10 hours. Tallow casks aro made at 5s. Od. for thirds and -is. Od. for fourths, which latter aro now most made. Conchbuildors.-Smiths receive from £210s. to £310s. perweok. Afowhands earn ashigh ob £4 per week. Bodymalcora-Most of this work is done by the piece. Tho averago earnings of good hands aro from £210s. to as high as £4 per week. Wheelers-Most of this work is done by the piece ; the wages made are from £2 10s. to £310s. per week. Painters reçoive from 9s. to 12s. per day. Trimmers cam from £3 to £310s. per wook ; and vyee men from £2 to £210s. per week. Clothing Factories.-Whero tho work is dono on tho premises, the wages earned are as follow":-Tailoresses, from- £1 to £1 15s. per week ., preasors, £2 to £2 los. and upwards. From 12s. to £1 is earned at skirtmnking in factory hours, but the greater portion, is taken home. Clothing machinists earn from 15s. to 30a. por wook in factory hours, from 9 til! 0. Farriers.-First-class firemen get £2 15s. perweok ; door-men receive £2 5s. per do. ; inferior workmen reçoive from £1103. to £2 per week. Farriers for tho country rocoivo from 20s. to 30s. per week, with their board and lodging. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s, to 40s. per week i coachmen receivo from -10a. to COs. per do. Gardeners.-The best men for situations near town'got from 3Gs. to 42s. per week without rations ; for situations in the country, 20s. to 25s. por week with rations j inforior hands reçoive about 15s. per week, with ra- tions. Hatters. - Bodymakers rocoivo 20s. por dozen ; finishers, 21s, por dozen ; shapors, 0s. to 12s. por dozon ; crown sowers, 5s. per dozen ; trimmers, 8s. per dozen. Ironworkers.-Boilermakers, smiths, lit tere, 'and turners, 10a, to 12s. per day ; . labourers from 0s. to 7s. ner do. T"...«ll»m TV,H,".«,n"îif..f.t«,.ini» in.imllnV- . Jo»» ellers -In the mannfactui mg jowclloia e8tabhshmonta the workmen íeceivo from £215s to £3 IBs Toi tho finer woik tho wages lange fiom £5 to £0 pet »vook Good tiade8mon can get full employment Good seal ongiavois aio scat co, and can cam as high as £0 to £8 pel »voek Tust class jowollois' enamollois aio much »vanted Tho t»oik is highly paid and not well done Enamollors can make the aamownges Hail »volkers and jowol case makers aro also much »» anted Thoi o is not ali opomng for a lal go number of mon in theBo trades, but the sup- ply of good tradesmen is short Miners-The a»eiago rato foi illinois in the Ballniat district is £2 5s poi week, eight horn shifts, hreaksmon get a Bhghtly liighoi rate of wages In Bendigo dlstuct, quartz minora m deep sinking, for pit work, got £210s , ordinary quart? miners get £2 5s por week, onginoora íeceuo £3 to £3 10a In Bendigo most of the work is dono on tributo In Alexandra, Marjboiough, and Davies foid minois rocen o £210s per »veok Most of the »voile m Gipps Land is dono by con- tract , whore wages aio paid, tho mon lecoivo fiom £210a to £3 Navvies-Tho late paid tho men em- ployed on tho Noith Eastern Raihvay is9d. poi hour Manufacturing Stationer? -Vollum and bookbinders íoceno fiOs poi »vook Rulors are paid at tho samo lato Lithographic printeiB aro paid at tho late of 50s por week. Machino puntéis receive 70s por do Ma- chine and letterpress puntéis roceivo from 00s lo 70s pei week Painters and Gln/ieis -ran tradosmon ro- cen e fiom 8a lo 10s pei day This trado is fully supplied Plumbers and gnsfittois rocoivo £Jto£1 10r pei week of oi_ht hours per day Pnnteis te-The rate paid in tlnstiadois Is pei 1 000 In manufartuung stationers' catablishnients lithographois aio paid £210s to £.! 15s per w eck , binders £2 to i ! per week papei rulers £ i lo £3 10s porweok Tho demand for labour in theso trades is hmitod and is at present fully supplied Stevedores' Men. &c.;—Lumpers get 12s. per day when in work. Engineers in tow- boats and donkey-engine drivers receive £18 per month. Ship Carpenters.—The rate paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Work irregular. Sailors receive £5 per month in sailing vessels, and £6 per month in steamships. Í* Saddlers.-The supply of îeallygood ti .ules men is short, but second-class vioikmcnaie plentiful enough. 'Hie earnings aie about £2 10s. per week. The commonei sorts of work ai o not paid for so w eil, and wages y ary floin 23s, to 30s. per week. The work in tins tiado is nine horns pei day. Taiméis and Curueis -Beamsmen receive 40s. to 50s. per week ; shedsmen, 42s. to_45s. pci do ; tanners, 38s to 45s. per do.-time, 10 liouis per day. Currieis, at piecewoik, can earn fiom 50s. to 70s per week. Tailois.- In first-class establishments the late paid is Is. per hour. In second-class shops the earnings aie ftom £210s. to £3 per " week. In factories the i ates vary, the mon t being often paid by the piece. Wheie wages . aie paid, the rate is 40s. per week in f.tctoiy hours. Tinsmiths.-Owing to the meat-preserving companies not being tully employed, a good many men in this trade are out of woilt at present. In the trade the rato is from £2 10s. to £3 per week of 10 hours per day. Watchmakers.-The general rate of wages in this trade is £4 per week, though some of the superior workmen gotas high as £6. 'RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the traillo on the Victorian lines of'railway for tlie week ending De- cember l8 show a largo increase as compared with theíéturns'for.the'córrespondingperiod . of last year.' The"'amount received for^the cauiago of pásáeiigors is £G,392 _.9a..rld. as against £4,820 7s. Ud., the . return_f6¥ the conespondi'ng period of last year, showing an increase in ' favour of the present' year^ amounting to £1,572, Us. 2d.. .The i goods tiafiic gives a return of. £12,930 8si 8(1,-,'ub _gaiii6tc£9,582 lGs. 4d., the returnrfor, the, coi i espóndintí period of last year, shoyvíntí an inciense'of £3,'347'12s. 4d. in favour of the0 present year. The total returns for the xveek aie £19,3237s. I9d. as against £14,403. 4s. 3d. last j ear, giving an increase of £4,920 3s. Gd. in favour of the present year's returns, The oggiegate returns to daté from July 1 amount to £407,30015s. Id. as against £333,0115s. 9d., tho return for last year, giving an increase in favour of the present year of £03,014 9s. 4d. The weekly a»'crnge for 25 weeks is £10,292 5a. 5d" as against £13,341 9s., show ing a weekly increase of £2,947 10s. 5d. in favour of tho present year. The îeturns of the traffic on the Molbourne and Hobson's Bay United Raihvay Company for the four weeks ending 19th December, show a large iuciease o»-er tho returns for the cor- responding period of last year in every branch of traffic. The return for the passenger traffic amounts to £8,578 Ila. Id., as against £7,350 7s. 8d" the return for last year, showing an increase of £1,227 13s. Cd. in favour of the present year. The goods traffic gives a return of £3,90514s, 9d., as against £3,042 17s. 10d., showing an in- crease in favour of the present year of £262 10s. lid. The total leturns for the four weeks amounts to £12,484 5b. 10d., as against £10,993 5s. Gd. last yeal, showing an increase of £1,49019s. 4d. The aggregate returns to date are £72,346 0s. 3d., as against £02,884 17s. 9d. laBt year, showing an increase of £9,401 12s. Od. in favour of the present year, with one day's returns less. The weekly average is £2,90110s. 8d., as against £2,559 Cs. 4d., showing a weekly inciease of £402 D8. 4d. in favour of the present year. THE WEATHER. There was some exceedingly hot weather during the first 10 days of this month, and theie have been several hot days since, the temperature registered in the shade being as high as lOOdeg. on diffeient occasions. The rainfall was also very slight, and the conse- quence, combined with the great heat, baa been that tho country in many parts is be- coming dried up. The highest temperature in the shade »vas 101'2 on tho afternoon of the 8th ult., and the lo»vest 41-9 on the early morning of the 14th. The rainfall during the four weeks ending on the 29th ult., was 0'48in., making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 25'43in., as compared with 32-52in. during the same period in 1872, 30'17 in 1871, 3377 m 1870, 21'58 in 1809,18'27 in 1808, 25-79 in 1807, 22-41inl80G, 15-94 in 1865, 27-40 in 1804, 30-42 in 1803, 22 08 in 1802, 29-10 in 1861, 25.38 in 1860, 21'82 in 1859, 20'01 in 1858, or au average of 2G-011in, THE VOLUNTEERS. The prizes won at the recent meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association »»'ore pre.' Bented to the successful competitors in the To»vn-hall on the evening of Friday, the 19th . ult., by His Excellency the Governor. The body of the hall was occupied by the various volunteer corps belonging to the metropolitan district, .the naval reserve, and the local gar rison coi ps. Tho balcony and the south galleiy weie crowded »vith spectators, and upon the platform »»'ero a largo number o£ the leading residents of Melbourne, includ- ing the Chief Secretary, the Minister of War, Sir George Verdon.C.B., and many others, Fiom^ 8 o'clock to'"hálf-past, selections of music were performed by the bands'of the different corns. At half-past 8 o'clock His Excellency the Governor, with Lady Bowen and Miss Bowen, accompanied by Major Pitt and Captain Macboll, A.D.C., »wived, and »vero leceived »vith the uaual honours. Colonel Anderson, the President of the Association, said the recent meeting had been most successful, and it was specially noticeablo that amongst the prizetakers »vas an unusually large number of officers and non-commisaioneu officers. He wished to Bay a few words about tho arms of the volunteer force, which should be the very best which science could provide. He believed that a wise discretion had been exercised in delaying the final adoption of the weapon »vith which tho volunteer force of Victoria should be armed. It »vas true that in a neighbouring colony the volunteere had been for some time armed with a »»-capon superior to that at present in use in Victoria, but he »vas glad to announce that at length it had been resolved to adopt for the force in this colony tho Martini-Henry rifle, the same »veapon adopted by the British army, and the order for these rifles had now been despatched home. Major Templeton read the report of tho Council of the Victorian Rille Association respecting the late meeting, »vlilch »vas the thirteenth annual one that had been held foi rifle competition. It set forth that the meet ing had been moie successful in every respect than any former meeting for rule competition. The liberality of Pailia nient in increasing the Government grant m suppoit o' tho association and the donations received from mel chants and others lind enabled the council to issue a much more extonsiv e pi oyammc of marches and to oftet pn/es treatci m number and \alue than on any previous occasion The result was a large increase in the mun ber of competitors enteied foi the xanous matches and a considerable lmpioyement in the general shooting Hie leading featuio of the meotmg wat theinauguiation of anew Senes of intercolonial matches Two matches aro to bo fired annual!} ono with military lilies as a test of elliciency with the legtila tion arms and the other with small boie rifles as a test of scientific and accuiate Shooting The military match this year v as w on by Is ew South Vv ales \ ictoria líeme second and New-Zealand thud llio Small boro match was won by Victoria by 37 points the only other colony íoprcsented in the match being New South "Wales Hue result attributable in a gieat measure to the libeiaht} of the Government in ímportmj, Mctfoul patent match rides for the use of Hie leam is the moio satisfactor} seeing that îitw South "Wales had won live out of si matches in the series hied fiotn 1S02 to 18G7 Another featuto of the meeting was tho mtioduction of a match foi the public schools of the colony and the council tiust that this will bo the means of cncouicgmg tho teaching of nulitaiy drill and the use of the rifle and thus make the public schools the nursei} of the defence foice of tho colon} The icpoit also refened m detail to the excellent shooting which had Leen made foi the man} different pn/es that liad been competed for His I \cellenc} before presenting the prizes coiimatulated thoso prcsont and also the colon} at largo on the general good con duct and eflicienc} not only of the poima went Gnmsoii loice but of the several lohinleer coips Ho was sure thC} all must liaie listened with much plensuie to the leallv splendid list of scores which had just been lead The volunteer movement ho said had man} advantages in addition to the leifoimance of the pinnary duty of Belfdefenco which was incumbent on ever}- citizen of a free conn ti 5 lhere was no movement better calculated to bung together all classes on tho common ground of nattonaht) and patriotism The inter colonial niatcîica also »vere no); only produc- tive of good feeling between the several colo- nies, but they went a long way to»vards pro- moting mutual union. He quoted some re- marks made by the present Lord Derby in England, on a similar occasion, respecting tbo importance and value of an efficient volunteer force, and in concluding took the opportunity of publicly announcing that, in pursuance of a precedent already established m Iieland, Canada, and else»vhere, lie had appointed honoiaiy members of his staff sevcial officers of the local forces of Victoria. He had done so to show his sympathy with them, and his high appreciation of those forces. (Cheers.) The prizes »vere then distributed, and anothci very interesting ceiemony- namely, the piesentation of war medals to 27 retired soldiers »vho bad taken part in the New Zealand war, was" then witnessed. His Ex- cellency, in awaiding these medals, ex preBRed his gratification at being called upon to peifonh the pleasing duty of presenting them to the 27 gentlemen he sa»»* before him. ne had had the honour of being Governor for five ycais of the great and beautiful colony of Ne»v Zealand, and he had much pleasure in bearing his testimony to the ad- mirable and gallant conduct of the soldiery of that colony, especially during those very critical years 1808 and 1809, »vhen the Maori »var was still raging. Victoria and New Zealand were connected by many ties, and he »»-as sine that the people of Victoria, re- joiced to hear that prosperity »vas now attend- ing that gieat neighbouring colony. (Ap- plause.) The assemblage then sepaiated. ''? ' The following volunteer.'appointments have been gazetted during the past months Frederick'Friend Ridley Terry, .late lieu- tenant, half-pay, 1st West India Regiment,' i to be captain on the unattached list of the,', volunteer forco ; suigeons Joseph Black aud, John Wilkins to besuigeons-major, with tho relative rank of major;"Mr. Robert" Robert 'son, M.R.C.S., England, to be assistant surgeon in the St. Kilda Artillery Corps, vice ¡Yan Hemei't transfcired to districj; staff ; Dr. William Arthur Bradford to be assistant-' surgeon-'in the'Warrnambool 'detachment?,. 'AVéstern Artillery Corps.' To be transferred , '-Major John Öamlet Taylor,.from Bendigo ilîifles, to unattached list; assistant-surgeon, Van Iiemertto be transferred from St. Ivilda Artillery Corps to distupt staff. The1 under- ' mentioned officers, having completed the regulation service! to be brevet captains : Lieutenant Patrick J. Nolan, Williamsto-wn 'Artillery Corps ; Lieutenant, William Jphn Thiikettle, 2nd, Castlemaine Rifle Corps ; .Lieutenant W. C. Bill, Southern Rifle Corps ; Lieutenant Benjamin J. Waidtll, East Mel- bourne Aitillery Corps. His Excellency the Governor has ap-' pointed the undennentioiied officers of the local force of Victoria to bo honorary aides de-camp :-Lieutenant-Colonel Rede (volun- teer staff), CaptainFiedeiickBull (staff), Cap- tain Frederick Friend Ridley Terry (volun- teer force unattached). The badges won by the members of the Sandridge Artillery Coi ps for shooting during the past year were on Thursday, the 18tfi ult., aftei the usual parade, presented to the winners by the commanding officer, Captain Swallow. There were about 100 members of the company present, including two officers, Lieutenants Finn and Cowing. When the presentations to the men were over, Lieu- tenant Finn, the next in command on the giound, came forward, and presented Cap- tain Swallow with a gold badge given by the Government for 10 years' service. In pie son ting it, Lieutenant Finn spoke very highly of tho gallant captain, and hoped he would livo to wear a " 20 years' "' badge, nis re maikB yvere received yvith loud applause by the men. Tlie volunteers have every prospect of being supplied with their new arms in the first half of next year. The agent-general îecently telegiaphed that he could agree with the Imperial Government to piocure in April next the 2,420 new rifles required for the infantry, but not the carbines for the cavalry and aitillery, the delivery to be made without swoids, Billige, &c.; This would enable the naval foi ces to receive 250, the engineers 170, and the rifles 2,000 ; leaving 250 carbines for the cavalry and 1,G00 car- bines for the artillery still to be got. On the recommendation of Colonel Anderson a tele- gram has been sent to accept the offer of the Imperial Government for 2,170 lilies of the Imperial pattern, and 250 of the naval pattern, and to get tlie swords, slings, ice, from private Aims. THE ALL-ENGLAND CRICKET MATCH. Tlie first .match with Mr. W. G. Grace's All-England Eleven, the third which has visited tlieBe shores, waa played on the grounà öl the Melbourne Club on tho 30th, 27th, and 29th Decembei Mr Grace's tarni! as_a cucketer had preceded lum, and the interest taken bj the public in this contest, ni which the colony was repretjented bj l8 picked men, »vas full» equal to that e»oked by the am»al of the fust Fnghsh team 12 years ago, when good cricket was a compara, the noveltj Since that time the Victonan oncketcrs have been jeaily impioviiig in skill,' and the team which met the English- men on Boxing Daj was mcotnpaiably the best that has evei done battle foi Victona The odds were 3 to 1 in fa»oui of the English, but the colonials found many confident backers especially when it waa seen that there weie one oi two weak mem- bers m the Eleven, and that much »vould depend on thescoies of thetwoG-aces alone Theciicketcishad fineweathei forthemoten, and the ground presented a biilhaut spec- tacle during its progress Theie »vere present on the fust day about 10 000 spectators, on the second 11.000, and on the third 10 000 The Vietonans »von the toss, and »vent Hist to tho wickets The ground »vas in ad- mirable condition foi batting, and this told against the bo»» leis At an early stage of the game Cooper and Boyle fairly collated the bowling, and M'lntyre, Southerton, and Lilly»» bite pi o'» ed quite ineffective When the seventh wicket fell 213 runs had been seoied, but the two Graces having gone on to bowl, a diversion »»as cieated, and the day's play closed with 10 wickets down for 214 runs, B B Cooper ha» nig made the splendid score of 84 On the following morning the ground was more fa»ourable to the bowlers and the Giaccs disposed of the lemainmg 7 wickets foi 22 nins, the innings closing foi a total of 200 The Englishmen then took the bat, having a roughei wicket than the Vietonans played on the picvious clay Hie bowling of Allan and Cosstick was dead on, and the eighteen men m the field »»eie all efficient It was with the u eatcst duliculty that the ball could be got away AMien Giace had made ii, Boyle who »»as tned as a change bowler, took his wicket Jupp with 22, was the only other man who mado a good stand, and the innings closed for 110 The Eleven, accoi dingly, had to lollow tneir innings on Monday. They again lind a rough wicket, and Oscroft and Jupp were put out without scoring; but the two Graces did better than before. W. G. Grace fully sus- tained his reputation, by making the magni- ficent score of 51, and not out, against very difficult bowling and exceptionally good fielding. Ile made one line hit clean over the chain fence for 5. F. G. Grace got 28, made very rapidly by some brilliant hitting. The ill luck of the professionals, however, had made it impossible to pull off the event, and the last wicket fell for 135 runs, the Vic- torians winning the match in one innings, with 21 nins to spare. Mr. Grace says his team are not yet in form, and that they will win the lctiirn match. It is quite possible that tliey will ; but they have, nevertheless, been beaton on their merits, the admirable bowling of Allan and Cosstick, and the activity of the Eighteen in the fic'd, being the real explanation of the result. The Eleven play at Ballarat on New Year's Day. The full scoie of the international match is subjoined : VICTORIAN EIGHTEEN. First Ikninoh. Goldsmith, 4, 2, 2,1, 1, 1,1,1,1, 3, Bt Bush, b Ltllyvvlilto .17 allison, 1,1,1,1,1, 1, 2,1, o Oscroft, b Llllywlilto 0 Cooper, 2,1, 2,1,1,1, 2,1, 4. 1, 2, », 1,1, 4, 2, 4, 2, 2, 4, 2,1,1, 4, 1, 2, 4,1,2, 4,1, S, 2, 3,2, 1,1, 2,1, 2,1,2, lilt vviokot, b G. F. Grnco .. ,. 84 Co} lo, 1, 2, 8,1,1, 2, 1,1, 4, 2,1, 4, 3, 4, 0 Soutli crton, b W. 0. Omeo .30 Contes, 1,2, cJii|)i),ii Vf. G. Ornoo ,, ,, 8 Kelli, 4, 3, 4, 2, 3,1, 2, 2, 4,1, o mid b Sotithorton 20 Comvny, 1, 1, 1, 1, 3,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1, 4,1, 4, 4, 1, 2, b W. 0. Graco.32 Roborteon (capt.), 3,2,1, 2,1,1, 4, b G. F. Omeo 14 Gaggin, c Q. F. Graco, b W. G. Graco .. .. 0 Milln Inter, 2,1, 3,1, c BubIi, b G. F. Graco ,. 7 M'Can, 1,1, 2,1,1,1, b W. G. Graco .. .. 7 Carr, 2, 2,1,1, 2,bO. F. Graco .8 Cotsticl;, c Humphrey; I) W. G. Graco .. ,,0 BlBliop, 1,1,1,1,1, not out.B Hedley, 1, c Oscroft, b W. 0. Graco.1 Allan, c mid 1) W. 0. Graco.0 lloinn, 1, Btliusli, b W. G. Graco .. .. .. 1 Wjnillmui, 1,2, 2,1, o G.F.Grace, b W.O. Grace 0 liles, 1,2,1,4,1.i .. 0 Li-it-bjcs, 1,1,1,1,1 .0 Willes, 1 . :.. 1 No balls, 1.' ., ? ,', 1 Total .. .. ' .. .'. .. ' ,. 283 Wlckcte fell thus..---_, 2-2», S-83, 4-95, 0-140, 0-105, 7-213, 8-215, 0-22Í, 10-229, 11-My, 12-247, 13-217, 11-252,15-252.10-255, 17-200 v / _, * _ ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN. / ;/ * I iTinST Inkisos. " /" Jupp, 1,1,1,2,il, 1,1,1, 2,1,111, 2,1,1,1,1, Ï, I !» li Allan ' . -f . .. 22 »V. G Gracö^captA 1,'i, 3, 4,1, 2, 2,1, l"l, 2, 2, 2, 2, C2,1,1,1) Bo»lo .S3 Gilbert, 3,1,1,1, 3, 2,1,1, 2, o and b Cosstlck .. IS Greenwood, 1,1,1,1,1, b Allan .. .. ;. 5 G F. Croco, 1, 2,1,1,1, b Allan-., --..-.« - 0 Oscroft, 1,3,2,1,1,1,2,1, o Cooper, b Allan .. 12 Humphrey, 8,1, c Allau, bCosstlclc? r ,, v4 Lillyvylilto.2,2, b C0BStlck_., .. .. .. A ll'Intyro, 1,1, 2,1,1, cCosatlck", b Allan.. ., 0 Bush, b Allan ,.'.,--.0 Soutlicrton, not out .. >.0 Bjo .. -..1 Lcgbjo .1 Total ."ÏÏO Wickets foil thus :-1-40, 2-04, S-72, 4-81, 5 82, 0-07, 7-101, 8-101, 0-103,10-110. SHCOND iMttNOB. Orccuwood, 1, 2, 1, 4, 4, 1, 1, 1, 1, o M'Gaii, b . Allan. .-; .. .. * .. 10 M'Intyre, 1,1, 2, run out . 4 j Humphrey, 4, 2, b Cosstlck. 0 Gilbert, 2,1, 2,1, o M-Gaii, b Allan .. .. 0 W. O. Grace, 1,1,1, 4,2,1,1,1,1, 2,2,1, 4,1, 2, I 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1, 2, 2,6, 4, 2, Í, 1, not out 51 Jupp, o and b Cosstlck..- . 0 G.1-. Grace, 1, 2,1,1,1, 4,1,1,1, 2,1,1, 4,1, 1, 2,1,1. l.oCooper, bCon«ay , .. -... ., 28 ûscroIt,b Conway . 0 LUI}white, 1, 2, 1, 1, 3, 1, 1, 1, 1,2,2,1,2, b Boyle . . 10 Southcrton, o and b Boylo. 0 Bush, l,i 1,cConvvas.bBoyla . 2 Lept-byes, 1,1,1. 3 ', Total" .. ' .., .135 Wickets fell tliun :-i-7, 2-18, 3-32, 4-33, 6-31, 0-84, 7-84, 8-125, 9-120,10-135. i BOWLING ANALYSIS. I AM, EtfOLAlvD ElHVEN-FlIlBT IhKUlOS 01" VlOTOIUAX 111 i EiouT»!. 1 Boy» lera. ,áI \- L 1\. el .A s 11 1 n 0 152 47 io ] o Soutlicrton .. 0 0 '1Ö4 41 22 1 1 W.O. Grace 0 181! 411 17 I 2 .. ° 0 17« fiS l8 10 01 Id 20 0 0 O. F. Grace . 1 i 1 100 35 7 4 ?S I á i i Bowlers. gI É &ä » 1 S Vi _ ¡S Bo}lo 0 0 0 0 0 0 217 244 27 44,1 33 53 i 31 11 r 3 0 3 1 VICTORIAN EioniKEN-Second Inmxos op At.tr Eng land Eleven. Bowlers. _ 'I s M 1 i 1 - Cosstick 1R7 ra 20 s 24H 40 3« 8 Conway 84 l8 11 a Bo}lo .. 21 14 M 3 RACING. The annual meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club was held on the 4th and fith inst. The weather was fine, but intensely hot. The attendance was better than usual, and the arrangements made by the secretary (Mr. C. E. Mooie) gave very general satisfaction. On the first day the programme commenced with the Hurdle Race, which was carried off by Ballyrogan, Surprise being second, and Doubtful third. Gauntlet won the Stewards' Purse, beating two others easily. The Bal- larat Cup was won by Arrow, Dawn of Day being a good second. A protest was entered against the winner, on the ground of a cross early in the race. After being inquired into, the protest was dismissed. The Hook won the Handicap for two and three year olds easily ; Mirth was second. First Toss won the Trial Steeplechase, and Prince Patrick the Selling Race. On the second day the Selling Hurdle Race was won by Ulysses, beating four others. Newbold won the Telegraph Stakes, Blue Peter being second, and Forester third. The Ballaiat Handicap was won easily hy Planter, Fairy was second, and Yarrowee third. Dawn of Day went outside a post coming up the straight while pressing Planter close. Six horses started for the Steeplechase, the winner being Sheet Anchor. Trumpeter was second, and First Toss a poor third.- Morisco fell and broke his rider's arm. The Bowen Handicap was earned off in fine style by Newbold, Blue Peter wes second, and Planter third. The dav s v-npinn cnnr-lttflixl TOTtli «ho nura .me any a racing concluded with tlie Ileltei Skelter Stakes which was won by Staffoid Who beat three otheis easdy Uiç Smythesdale race meeting followed on the lltn anJ 12f'' '"Et On the first daj the lacing commenced with tho Huidle Race m which Maon beat three otheis easil} Hie Stewards Cup was won b} Ihalassa '1 eddmgton being the only other startei Blue Petei won the Sm}thcsuale Spring nandi cap boating four others Hie Haddon Stakes w as carried off w lth ease by Stafford 011I5 two others starting On the second da} the mung commenced vi ltli the Selling Hurdle Race winch vi as won b} Titbit Staflord won the Ladies Purse with the gi catest ease and Bismarck w on the Gren y die Handicap after a fine linish with Blue Peter Hie meeting concluded with the Selling Stakes which was earned off by Stafford The Bendigo annual race meeting took place on the 17th and 18th inst The weather vi as hot as usual at this meeting and the dust w as very bad N evortheless there was a very good attendance the new stanu being well patromsod b} ladies Ihe Maiden Plate was reduced to a match be tween Newbold and the S}lvia colt m which the latter pioved an easy victoi Only five of the 12 horses entered for the Sandhurst Cup carne to the post Steeltrap w ont away w ith a great lead but bolted off the course before going half a mile Contessa won after a good linish w ith 'N ollamai King Tom was third and The Anow fourth The Hurdle Race w as w on easily by Maon The Selling Race was won by Nonsense Gauntlet the favourite being a modeiato second Delhi was the onl} other starter The Tpsom Handicap was cained oil by Tlora "Zenobia being second and limes and Mines third On the second day Newbold carried off tho 1 l}ine Handicap in good st} le loi ester who liad the best of the Btart b} several lengths being second Mountain Maid won the Selling Huidle Race Spitfire being the only other staiter The Bendigo Handicap w as a splendid race Benjiroo won by three quarteis of a length Sunlight and Lapidist ran a dead heat foi second place Wollamai was only a short neck behind the second ian llie Distnct Hate was won by Surge who led f oin stait to finish Siï others started Hie Consolation Stakes was won 1 y loi est« Hie clippei ship Theophane sailed on the 24th inst foi Calcutta vv ítli a caigo of 20S horses, shipped by Mi A\ m Leaimonth 1 he season foi shidping boises for the Indian market is consideied to he over, but Mr Leaimonth considers his selection of horses to be of such high quality that they will com- manda good pi ice at any penod of theyeai A few of them ha»o been selected with a view lo the turf Tho others aie all »vell- ido»» n good shaped animals by such sires as Hie nermit, Manner, Vagabond, and othei first class boises COURSING The thiee couismg clubs now established in Victoria have issued their progiammes for the eiibuing coursing season That put foi »\ard bj the Victona Couismg Club is the most important of the three The St Legei, a 04 puppy stake, will commence on the 30th April The Sunbuiy Stakes, an all aged stake foi C4 do^s, w ill be hold on Juno 4th and following days The "\\\ ateiloo Meeting, also for 04 dogs, »»ill be held in August com- mencing on the 13th It ceitamly shoyvs well for coursing in Victona that m oui second coursing tensón, the leading club in the colony can di» ide the sum of ii 337 12s At a meeting of the committee of the Mel- bourne Couismg Club, held duunglhcpicscnt month, it was resol» ed that the othei coursing clubs should be asked to assist in obtaining the ser» ices of a properly qualified judge fiom longland to act dining the next season , but up to the present time no lcsponse has been i ecei» ed The step is a » ery propei one to take, and the sooner the nnttci is ar íanged the better foi couismg A coursing ground of 1,000 icres has been leased by about a doi-en of oin leading couismg men In this space the hares »»ill be stnctlj pro tected, mid co»crts jilnnted As thogtound ib airead» fanly stocked, the mere prevention of wholesale slaughtei bj pot huntcis »»ill soon pioduce a fine hea I of game THEATRES Mr Bracy and Miss C Thompson made then first appeainnce at the Thcatie Royal on the Gth, niBt, in Ofienbacb's operetta "Lischcn and lnUchen," m which they achieved a moderate amount of success. Tlie domestic drama, "The Deal Boatman," > was produced the same evening by the stock I company of this theatre, Mr. Dampier taking the principal character. The piece was very fairly put on the stage, but it did not hit the iiopular taste. Tho following week "Guy Hanncring" and "The Corsican Brothers were produced. The former piece fell flatly ,enough, but the "Corsican Brothers" was -very well received. On the 15th inst., the -Sisters Duvalli made their reappearance at the Thcatie Ro}al, after a long absence from the colony. * Mr. Haselmayer, the conjuror, appeared at St. George's Hall on December 22, and his entertainment has met with a fair amount of success. The Princess's Theatre was opened during Christmas week by the Royal Magnet troupe, but they hav e not been well patronised. Both the Theatre Royal and Prince of Wales Opera-house opened on Boxing Night with pantomimes. That at the Royal is called "Twinkle, Tvvinkle.'LittleStar,"and is a localised version of an English "panto- mime. The pantomime at the Opera-house is called "Austialia-Fçlix," is original, and written by Mr. Garnet Walch. Both pan- tomimes are well put on the stage, and have attracted good houses, -the Theatre Royal having been crowded every night. MUSIC. The second Italian opera season of 1873 came to a close on" t_e_.3th inst., and be- tween ,the date of our last communication and the period just named, the following works weie performed, namely, '"Faust," "Poliuto," "La Traviata," "Roberto ii Diavolo," " Mose in Egitto," "I Puritani," and "Ii Piofeta," The whole of these per- formances weie highly meritorious, but the attendance of the public at this time had begun to, fall off, and this symptom was positively aggravated when, during the last two weeks qf> the season, the manage- ment reduced the prices of admission. The Italian company are now meeting with fair success at Ballarat, yy-here they are play- ing in the Alfred-hall on a stage temporarily adopted for their.purposes. On their return to Melbourne, in about two weeks time from this, they will go into retiicinint until the oT, ni Î,T Uni,, r,f flin llPlvlv-PnTOlTPrl arrival from Italy ot tlio nevviy-engageu artists, of whom we hear from, Signor, Cagli, that they will he here in time to commence business by about the beginning of, April next. Soon after her return from Adelaide,,, Mademoiselle Jenny Claus played at one of the invitation concerts given by the Metro- politan Liedertafel, a society recently estab- lished something after the manner of the Melbourne German Liedertafel. ThÍ8 great artist was welcomed back to Melbourne with great warmth. Shortly after this, on the 20th mst., Bhe appeared in public at the Melbourne To»vn-hall, where she was supported by M. Rekel, pianist, and Mrs. Cutter, Miss Chris- tian, Signer Coliva, and Signor Cecchi, %-ocal ists. The time chosen was not favourable to alargo attendance, but the quality of the concert was excellent, and especially so as concerned the violin playing of Mademoiselle Jenny Claus. The Haydn sonata in G for violin and piano, and the Ballad and Polonaise by Vieuxtemps, were masterly examples of finished execution. Mademoiselle Rekel has not appeared in Melbourne since her re- turn from Adelaide, on account of ill-health, and is now staying at Geelong to recruit. | On the 4th December the pupils of the Asylum and School for the Blind made a very creditable display of their musical acquire- ments before a large audience in the To»vn- | hall. Mr. John Hill, R.A.M., took his fare well benefit in Melbourne on the 8th inst., having for supporters Mrs. Cutter, Miss Christian, Miss Alice Wooldridge, Mr. Lambie, vocalists ; and Mr. King, Mr. Guenett, and Signor Giorza, instrumentalists. Mr. nill's own performances as a solo per- former on the violin and organ were greatly admired by the audience, who »vere not so nu- merous afiit»vas thought they would havebeen. The Melbourne German Liedertafel gave some good part singing at this entertainment. The Melbourne Philharmonic Society gave their fourth subscription concert for this season at the Town-hall, on the 16th inst., when Costa's oratorio Naaman" was performed for the first time in this country. The principal vocalists were Mrs. nowitz.'Miss Christian, - Miss Pitts, Mr. Donaldson and Mr. Lambie ; there »ras a numerous -chorus, .a good orchestra, the.tjrent organ wob played by Mr, Gould-, and the whole Work »vas con u'ueted hy Mr. David Lee. The performance »vas most creditable to the society, and those »vho were present carne a»vaywith the most n_greeable impressions of the »vbrk, but the attendance was byJno means large. The case was different on Christmas night, when the Melbourne Philharmonic Society £_Yf? their 21st annual performance of the "Messiah" to an audience which crammed the gieat building in every part "About 400 were unable lo obtain admission. On this occasion the singers were Mrs. Howitz, Mrs. Cutter, Mr. Aimes Beaumont (of the .Opeia Company), and Mr. S. Lambie, supported by a numerous chorus, band, .and organ. It was an admirable performance, and was veiy much enjoyed. The money result to the society was highly beneficial. A grand conceit of sacred music was given on the 10th inst. at St. Tiancis's Roman Catholic Chin cb, to celebrate the completion of certain impoitant additions and alterations yvhich weie to be made in the church organ. . The instiument, however, was in an unfinished state, and the organist, Signor Giorza, could not display it to advantage. The vocal selec- tions wei e ver}-effectively performed by the fol- lowing ladies and gentlemen, namely, Signora Tamburini Coy, Madame Lucy Chambers, Miss Bessie Horrison, Miss Florence Bassett, Signor "Dondi, Mr.(W. li. Furlong,- and the principal tenor--of the St. Francis's choir. There was a large attendance. ' Tho íe cstablishment of the nead-quarters' band, under the diiectionof Mr. Siede, has given much satisfaction to the public, by whom their open-air perfoimances are greatly ad- mired. .. _ DEATHS IN THE HOSPITALS. The following are lists of the deaths (ex- clusive of natives) that have taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals since our last summary^pecifying as far as they are known the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : MELBOUBNE HOSPITAL. Anderson, Thomas, aged 53, labourer, native of li eland ; arrived in 1853 by .the Beimondsey ; died December 4, of pneu- monia. Barnes, William, aged 38, caiter, native of Liverpool ; arrived in 1865 by Henry Turney ; died December 8, of peritonitis. Brennan, Patrick, aged 13 (paiticulars unknown) ; died Decembei 22, of iractiued cranium. Beard, Jonnthan. tailor, native of Portsmouth : an i» ed in IS 10, died December li of diph thcna Bray, william aged 41 engineer nnti»e of M oherhampton armed m 1&j2;, died Decembei 24 of cancerous tumour Couthlm Terence aged 35 native of Iicland mined 1111854, died December ?> of cry suelas Culhcan Joseih labourer natno of Ii eland armed in 1850 by the lip lice died December 20 of softening of hi am Dro» ei M îlhtim aj,ed 2j j ears teacher, nati» e of Ham- shire am» ed in 1873 died Decembei 21 of (D P s) epilepsy Dempsey Annie aged 2j domestic nati» e of Ireland, am» ed in 1802 by the Star of India died Decembei 11 of phthisis I lctchei >yeil aged DO years, confectioner nati»e of Scotland aimed in 1851 bj the Ina died Decembei 29 of typhoid fe» er Goodall "William aged 50 labomer nati»e of\oikshire aimed in 1V2 died Deeoin berlO ofsthinhus Hancock 1 d»vard aged 58 coal miner natneof Staffoulshire timed in 1850 by the loitoise died Decembei 16 of cancer of stomach H insten Challes aged 3j painter, iati»e of Sweden aimed m 1868 died Decembei 1( of lnjuiy to spine Haywaid 1 enjamin aged 5j tailoi naine of Glouces tcisl no am»ed in lS'-Sby the RoyalSaxon died Decembei 2b of D 1 s (alcoholic poison in*,) Horgan Maij afred 10 seamstress natno of Iiclnnd aimed in 1843 ched Decembei *" cf t»i hoid fe»ei Jean John aged 2C cool natue of lie lad aimed in IS 0 by the Samuel died Decembei '0 oflhthi«is Kno» los Cathciine ac,cd 42 nativo of Dublin aimed m 1SG1 by tho Southern Cioai died Dcecmbci 7 ofi litiasis Mnsl all Louis i aged ob native of Kent, aimed in 1Sj5 died Decembei 1" of .litlnsis M Luughlan Hainet aged 39 native of Dublin aimed m 18jî by Maico 1 olo. died Deceml er 0 of ty phoid fe» ci II lilli s lohn aged 10 caitei nati» cot london aimed m 1850 die I Decembei 11 ( f poison (suicide) Sittei August aged 32 nalne of Prussn lastrycook armed in 186S died December o of al ople\» Suth» an I Hen aged 53 natne of Iieland aimed in 1854 by the Janies Bains died Decembei 24 of phthisis Smith Mai j aged 22 native ot Cloucoster shire ; nrriv cd in 1869 by tlie Someraetshire ; died December 10, of typhoid fever. Simp- son, Ann, aged 52, native of Liverpool ; ar i ivcd in 18C6 by the Ellen Stewart ; died Decembei 10, of apoplexy. Scott, William, nged G2, chair- maker, native of Scotland ; anivcd in 1871 by the Columbus ; died De- cember 0, of phthisis Thomson, Anastatia, aged 50, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1857 by Negociator ; died December 4, of tetanus. Walding, Thomas, aged 50, timekeeper, native of Northampton ; airived in 1844 by the Appleton ; died December 19, of mislius Brightn. Williamson, Charlotte, aged 44, native of Essex ; arrived in 1853 by the Eliza- beth ; died December 21, of pleurisy. Wig- ram, Mary, aged 72, native of London; airived in 1855 by the Bee; died December 14, of bums. ALTOED HOSPITAL. Armstrong, William, aged 40, labourer, native of Nottingham ; airived in 1840 by the Sociates; died December 22, of empyooma and abscess of lungs. John Allen, aged 40, publican, native of Sheffield ; arrived in 1851, vessel unknown ; diedDecember27, of hyper- trophy with dilation of heart. Davidson, JameB, aged C5, shipwright, na- tive of Scotland ; arrived in 1854 by the Ma- tilda Wateiberg ; died December 8, of white softeninç of blain. Germain, Thomas, aged 21, shipwright, na- tive of Middlesex ; airived in 1873 by the Highflyer ; died December 4, of phthisis. ? Nolan, Mary Ann, aged 40, domestic, na- tive Of Ireland ; arrived in 1864 by the Lightning ; died December 19, of empyouma. Orton, William, aged 77, gardener, native of Ireland ; arrived lu 1847 by the Walter Mon ¡6; died December'15, of valvular dis- ease of heart. ' Wilson, Thomas, aged 19, labourer, nativo of Northumberland ; arrived in 187Í by the Clanranald j died^Decenlber 15, of phthisis. INTERCOLONIAL. _ i '. NEW SOUTH WALES. The new Electoral Bill has been introduced and i ead a fiTst time.. It provides for the in- crease of the number of members to 90, and the principle of single electorates has as far as possible been adopted. There are seven electoiates, which cannot be easily subdi eiecioiates, wmcu cannot ue easily suoui vided, and these will return two members each ;. whilst the, city of Sydney will remain as at present, dividediuto two parts, each re- turning four members. * There is a general desire throughout the, rural parts of the colony, in favour of the subdivision of elec- torates. Provision is mado for the Sydney University, at some future date, to return a member. Public nominations are to con- tinue, but candidates are to make a mone- tary deposit, to be forfeited in the event o£ their not receiving one-seventh of the'num- ber of votes polled by the highest candidate. Riverina willreturn six members. Thewrits are to issue 24 hours after Parliament is dis- solved, and to be returnable within 30 days, and tlie new Parliament is to be assembled within the third clear day after, Mr. Francis, on the part of Victoria, has notified his intention to exclude tobacco from the operations of the Border Customs Treaty. This action has been found neces saiy in the interests of Victorian revenue, in consequence of an endeavour by some Sydney merchants to evade the payment of the proper duty. The new mail service via California has been commenced under satisfactory auspices. The Macgregor, the first vessel on the line, left Sydney on the 20th December, carrying the largest mail that has ever crossed the Pacific from New South Wales. She also had 58 passengers. The Macgregor is a fine vessel, and is expected to make rapid pas- sages. The first steamer from San Francisco will leave that port on the 28th January, bringing the English mails posted on the 10th. In future all correspondence not other- wise marked will be sent by woy of San Francisco. The rates of postage chargeable will be the same as by the Southampton route, and letters between Sydney and San Fiancisco will be carried for the other colonies on payment of those rates. Mail advices state that four steamers are building for the Californian service. They are of 'laigo tonnage, G00-horse power, and are guaranteed to have a sea-speed of 12 knots _n*hour. Accommodation is to be fitted up for 100 saloon passengers Consider- able excitement yvas caused in shipping circles by the fact that there w-ere three mail steameis-the Nubia (P. and 0. Company), the Macgiegor (California), and the Sun Foo, the pioneer steamer of the Torres Straits toute-iii the port at the same time. In view of the result anticipated'fiom the i2peal of the ad valorem duties, it has been dote] mined to pro»-ide.better accommodation for the shippiiiêVand'Mr. Moriarty'« plan for improving the Circulai' Quay is to bo carried out without delay. ' Instead of a series of jetties, or a continuous Bemi-circular quay, the frontage will be bioken into several iron »vharves, with the ends partly overlapping one another. There will be beiths for 11 shipB of the lal gest. tonnage no»v trading to the poit, and there will be two berths equal to accommodating the largest vessels that can get into the port. Each »vhaif will accom- modate only one ship, will be îoofed in, »»-ill have a-small bonded store attached, and will have its door le»-el with that of an ordinary diay, so that »»-oik can be carried on in all »veatheis, and goods can be either housed or despatched with the utmost promptitude. Each wharf, too, will be closed by gates at night. The re-adjustment of the la»v offices, as proposed by the Government, has been ap- proved of by a large majority of the Assem- bly. Theie is in future to be a responsible Minister of Justice, who need not be a lawj'er; and an Attomey- Gencral, »»-ho must he a member of Parliament, but not in the Cabinet. The office of Solicitor-General has been abolished. The department of Education is combined with Unit of Justice. The non. G. H. Allen has been appointed Minister of Justice, and has been re- elected for Balmain by a majority of 243. He has been succeeded at the Council of Education by Mr. Stephen Bro»»-n. The Triennial Parliaments Bill has passed the'Assembly, and fair progress has been made »vith'the Mining Bill. The Assembly has adjourned for the Christmas holidays, and will not resume until the 13th January. The Rev. . Dr. Vaughan, who has been appointed coadjutor archbishop to Dr. Folding, the Roman Catholic archbishop of Sydney, arrived by the mail steamer, and received a very heal ty welcome. The ad- dress from the clergy reminded Dr. Vaughan that he carno hore to continue the struggle against infidelity, »vhich he had seen so developed in the old country-to defend the faith and morals of the people against the inroads of iniquity, and to protect the edu- cation . of the rising generation from the blighting influences of anti- Christian secu lansm. The tenour of bis remarks in reply lead to the infeience that he will bo an lean to nie inierence mac no win uu au órdent opponent of the public-school system. The Rev. Dr. West, for 19 years senior editor of- the Sydney Morning Herald, died on the 11th December, from apoplexy. A preliminary mining survey of the pro- posed railway line from Sydney to the Illa- warra coalfields has- been made, and no serious engineering difficulty has been found. The new coalfields in the north are being actively yvorkcd. At Newcastle and the Hunter, new shafts are being opened.^ Work at the Wallsend mine has been resumed, the mechanics having agreed to accept pit hours. Two hundred seamen are on strike for £1 a month advance, and the strike is causing great inconvenience. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Parliament has been prorogued to March 27th. The Education Bill, the leading mea- sure of the session, was rejected by the Legislative Council by a majority of three, the division being seven for and ten against. The measure was founded on the Victorian model,- but the main objection to the bill was the coBt yvhich it entailed. The Council re- fused to assent to the proposition to devote £00,000 or £100,000 a year towards the estab lishmcnt of a thorough system of education, 'when the present miserable makeshift could be kept from foundering for £20,000 or £30,000. The Government, in the hope of lu ingitig some effective piessure to bear upon them.next year, have determined to retain the present s}stcm in all its naked deformity for another year. The other measures "under consideration were rushed through the Coun- cil within a few days. Amongst the number was the Northern Territory Mining Bill, which will come into operation on the 1st of March next. The bill provides that all mining matters are to bo under the control of district mining boards, and wardens who are lesponsible to the Government-Resident. Another important measure adopted by the Council at the last moment was the Public Health Bill, yvhich related to the sanitary aiiangcments of the city. The Government have piomised to commence yvitkout delay a sj stein of deep drainage. Tlie bil! to increase tlio salaries of the judges and of coi tain of the civil serrants was also assented lo. The pay of thc-Y:!iief justice will be increased to A,"2,000, and of the puiBiie judge» to £1,700 each, of the Cro»»*n solicitor (who is alloyved private piactice) to £800, of the auditor-general to JEI00, and of tho under secretary to £800. A measure to increase the number of city councillors fiom eight to 12, to authorise the bono»ving hy- the Adelaide corporation of £"25,000 for mar- ket and £20,000 for othei purposes, and to enlarge the bye-la»»- making po»vers of muni- cipal bodies, has also been passed. No bill to raise money for raihvay purposes has been intioduced this session, the Treasurer believing that he can carry on until the next one, when the subject of the funded debt ia to îeceivo maikcd attention. Tlio Treasurer has authority to spend during the first half of 1874 close upon half a mil- lion of money. The Trans-continental Railway Bill has fallen through for the present. Leave to in- troduce was given in August, the first read- ing waa passed early in October, and the middle of December found it still awaiting the second leading. On three or four occa- sions it was debated, but generally speaking in a half-hearted sort of way, the Government leaving it to its fate. Amongst the posthu- mous papers of the session are a series of suggestions with regard to the line, made by the legal firm of Stow and Ayers, as repre- sentatives of capitalists disposed to carry out the raihvay. They take no pains to conceal their contempt for the terms offered by the bill, which they assert will never be accepted by contractors. They propose that 150,000,000 acres at least should be offered, with a contingent provision for a larger grant should the railway be brought south of Port Augusta. Besides this, they condemn the alternate block system, and urge that concessionaires should be empowered, sub- ject to certain recervations to be made by Government, to take lands in any part of South Australia, north of Port Augusta. These proposals are conceived in too liberal a spirit to be entertained by Parliament for a moment. The policy of the Government with regard to railways in the settled districts has re- ceived the affirmation of both Houses. The cost of construction will be somewhat under £5,000 per mile. The subject of a railway to the Murray has again been exciting public attention, but there is considerable diver- sity of opinion with regaid, to the most suitable route. The Government have pro- mised during the recess to obtain copious in- formation on the subject, as also in refe- rence to the line of telegraph which it has been proposed to construct to connect Port Augusta and King Geoge-Sound, the costof which would be between £30,000 and £40,000. It has been ascertained that the amount required to pay all claims under the judg- ment given in regard to the Northern Terri- tory land orders will be about £80,000. The North Australian Company will be entitled to about £45,000, and the remainder will be required to meet the demands of proprietors who have lost all interest in the experiment of colonisation in the Northern Territory. As soon as the judgment of the Privy Council reaches the colony, the payments will be made. The news received from the Northern Territory with regard to the progress of mining operations has not been of a very re- assuring character. Many of the claims have turned out rank duffers, but the pro- spects of genuine companies, if properly managed, are said to be encouraging. There are recent discoveries with fair prospects. There have been very disastrous bush- fires in the North on the Booyoolee agricul- tuial area. Fortunately the wheat fields, with one or two exceptions, escaped, a sudden change of wind having snatched them ouf of the very jaws of destruction. An immense area of pastoral country was swept by the flames, and the proprietors of two or three runs have lost rather heavily in sheep and implements. Mr. J. H. Angus was the greatest sufferer, his loss being set down at £5,000, but fortunately he is one of the squatting princes, and easily able to bear it. From other quarters there have also been accounts of destructive fires. Mr. John Gowling has been appointed emi- gration lecturer in England, and he leaves by the outgoing mail. The Ministry are deter- mined to give assisted immigration a fair trial, and in the desirability of this they are fully sustained by public opinion. Mr. Gosse, the leader of the Western Ex- ploration party, has telegiaphed from Char- lotte Waters that he had to return from lat. 26deg. 32min. and long. 129deg. 59min. The party are all well. He states that he has discovered a rock of 1,800ft high, two miles long, and a mile wide, with a perpetual stream flowing from it. He named it "Ayers Rock." He also found a range of hills and fine country. . ' QUEENSLAND. The elections ha»-e resulted in giving the opposition a1 majority. The elections »vere conducted under tho "act of last year, by which the colony was dh-ided into 42 elec- torates, each returning one member. The experiment seems, to have secured a more thoiqugh representation of the people than »vas possible under the old system. There are numeious matteis of piessing importance I to occupy the attention of the new* Parlia- ment, such as the readjustment and reduc- tion of taxation, the administration of the public lands, local taxation, and the estab- lishment of some scheme wheieby Parliament may be relieved of the municipal portion of its piesent functions. It is piobable, how- ever, that public business will be obstructed for some time by the usual struggle between the ins and the outs. Official news from the Palmer no»v reports the diggings to bo good, but provisions scarce. Many persons are leaving for the Endeavour River. The escort took 5, OOOoz. of gold. WESTERlTTÄÜSTRALIA. The prospects of this colony appear to be steadily improving. Piospecting for gold and other metals is being conducted in an ener- getic manner. The gold.miners from Vic- toria, who arrived last month, are now at woik, and most people are sanguine of their success. One pai ty of bíx men has started for the York and Avon districts, another S arty of five men for the Bannister Quartz eels, and the remainder are prospecting near Albany. A party of Poi t Darwin miners has started on a prospecting trip in the direc- tion of the Victoria Pluins, Veiy favourable accounts have been re- ceived from the pearl fisheries at the North. Both shells and peails are plentiful, and the lately uninhabited coasts aie dotted »vith primitive towns. Chinamen from Singapore are beginning to bring small »-essels to the pearl fishing. There baa been an excellent »vool clip this jear, and the barley harvest has been unusually good. nus Uten uiiusi ni} _,ue»i A special session of theXcMslative Council was held on the 20th Novembei and two foi lowing da}8 in order to obtain the sanction of the Legislature to ceitam bills to make pi ov 181011 foi the consttuction and main tenance of lailwajs and to authorise the construction of a railway fiom Coi aid ton to Northampton out of mone}S authorised to be íaised bj the Public Works Loan Act 1S73 The bills in qnestion were passed and the Council vi as proro,p_ed till the 10th April r ' The subject of telogiaphic extension and communication with thekothei Austiahan colonies and w ith Furope w as hi ought undei the notice of the Council A lesolution submitted bj the Colonial Sectetarj affirm nig the aesirabihtv of such communication with Adelaide i à Fttcla and uiging the Government to laj definite proi osais on the subject bcfoie the Council foi consideration next session was passed TASMAN I\ Hie lohtical position is quiet Tlieie is ahcaltlj si mt of cntciprise abioad and it 1 as just received fiesh impetus bj news of discoveries of gold in a) paient]} woikod out distncts and ni wider spread deposits of iron oie The one thing wanting is caj ital The idea of annexation to Vic tona is a^ain being foiced upon public attention Hie caituie of a real salmon neai Bridgewater Ins excited much interest eepecnll} among the loy eis of acclmiatisa tion Railwaj matteis aie still in a veij unsettled state Hie constitution of the main line is being proceeded with bj the contractois along the louie The Govern meut have commenced the enfoicement of the Launceston îailwaj late ami 1st general opi osition in the distnct NI \Y Zl ALAND The Parliament stands i roiogued to 10th 1 ebntarj Hieieseems to be cvei} piospçct of the establishment of the most fnendlj iclatioi between the settleis and the natives King Tawbaio who some months ago withdrew himself from his long and sullen isolation from the Europeans, a.'1!1 visited Alexandra, one of the settlements, skq shoeing a strong desire for peace and cO'^ord, no has since sent his son, Tu Ta»vh»>io, ona visit to the same place. Tu Tawbaio P'bf hospitably entertained for two or three .days hy tho officers of the armed constabulary force, and lins telegraphed to the native Minister ox pi easing the utmost gratification at his' treat- ment. W'lnle there, hespokeconfidently o f tho piospectof an early restoration of friendly i dations between the King party ano! the Europeans. It is regarded as almost certain that before the summer ia over Ta»v baio himself will make a lengthened tour through the various Waikato settlements. Those best able to form an opinion no»v ex« press a decided one that the King movement has ceased to be dangerous, that all fear of a renewed outbreak has passed, and that in all probability a very short time will witness King Ta»vhaio converted into a useful ally instead of his being an unapproachable dig nitarj-, in a state of sullen defiance. A depu- tation of Kingites has gone to ask bim lo meet the Governor. The once terrible To Kooti has lately granted an interview to a newspaper correspondent, »vho reports that he has become physically a wreck, through continued drunkenness, and that ho now expresses his decided opinion that fighting is bad both for Maori and Pakeha. He pleads for "liberty to settle near the pakeha, where he can havo eels and rum." The Hauhau Tapihana, chief of Kawhia, who gave so ., much trouble in the Waikato some time ago, lias also paid a friendly visit to Alexander, and the relations between the King and some of the chiefs friendly to the Europeans are improving. The Waikato natives are con- sidering a proposal to,exclude grog from tho King country. There is strong native oppo- sition to the proposal. Sir James Ferguson, the ne»v Governor, has visited seveial part? of the colony,'and . has everywheie pioducod a fairourablo im- pression. , j The building and most other tiados are" active and prosperous - there as well as, here, and wages have foi some time had a risilig tendency. Common labourers get , froni 8s. to 10s. per day. Carpenters' »vages average about 12s. Painters are demand-i ? ng 12s., bricklayers at Dunedin 15s., and ship carpenters at Wellington las., and are threatening to atiike unless their claims are t conceded. There as here, too, female do. moBtic servants aie almost unprocurable. The mcstic servants are almost unprocurable. The continuous stream of immigrants whick has been flowing into the colony has, in fact, not only promoted its general prosperity,, but has also tended to improve the condition of that class which i« usually blindly opposed to immigration, namely, the skilled and unskilled labourers. The demand for labour, which is, in fact, in excess of the supplj', has been stimulated by the execu- tion of several large public works. A mania for speculation in insurance shares has lately prevailed. The National Company, floated m Dunedin, received ap- plications for three and a half times the num. her of shares available, and a second com- pany, under the name of the Standard, was successfully established there. Companies were also talked of in Wellington and Can- terbury, hut the idea was very wisely aban- doned m each case. Prospectuses of sugar refining companies have, however, been issued in Dunedin and Wellington, and the Wellington Company has been floated. New Zealand has cast in its lot with New South Wales in the matter of the new San Francisco mail service, but very great dis satisfaction is felt there 'at no arrangement having been made for a connecting boat be tween Auckland and Kandavau during the continuance of the temporary service from Sydney. THE PACIFIC LABOUR TRADE.-A GENERAL VIEW. (BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) In other letters a full account has been given of tlie circumstances under which the Pacific labour trade has been and is being conducted, with passing commenta on events more or less connected with the subject. The object was to describe what the writer saw and the effects produced on him, rather than the advocacy of any parti- . cular views. People do not always arrive at the same conclusions from the same state of fftçts, but lhere aro a few deductions which most men yvho take a common-sense vieyv of the matter will have made for themselves, and these may be stated for the benefit of that enoimously large section of the public which feels too little interest in the subject to trouble itself to think about it at all. to iroiioie usen io minn, uuuui uu> uu. It was apparent from the very commence- ment of this trafile that it was one which ?^VaB" peCUlltUlj* Hablo to ahuai urila*« «aro-. . fully guarded, while at the same timo there »vero certain substantial benefits to bo gained both by the labourer and the em- ployer if the system »vere conducted under proper and rigidly enforced restrictions. Great was the multitude of »vriters »vho made this commonplace observation on the sub- ject, and foretold the evils »v-hich the trade if left to itself would develope. A writer in Blackwood'» Magazine (generally believed to be Captain Hope, R.N.), »vho had enjoyed special opportunities for observation, having twice visited Fiji and made a lengthened cruiBe among the various archipelac' :s from which the foreign labour is dra»vn, as far back as the beginning of the year 1869 contributed a series of able articles to that periodical in which ho very tiuthfully shoivcd the circumstances under which the labour trade was grow- ing into prominence, together with the - evils and the benefits, the latter in his opinion predominating, which were to he expected from it. Almost everything that was predicted of this traffic in the caily days of its existence waa subse- quently verified in fact. There was one pre- diction, however, which never carno true that the Imperial Government would feel called upon to interfere, and deal with the question in so decisive ti manner as to effectually protect the British flag from the disgrace it has since gathered in what has been called, and not »vithout some show of reason, the Pacific slave trado. The large profits of the trade gradually attracted half the floating scum of South Sea vagabondism, whose ranks were occasionally recruited by fresh adventurers from the colonies, all justly feeling that they had neither law nor publicity to fear, There is nothing sur- prising in the well-known results which follo»»'eJ this state of things. Mr. Consul March did the little he could to stop kidnapping, but the record remains - that he not only licensed the Carl, but formally passed the survivors of . her first bloody cruise. The Fijian Go- vernment, when it came into existence, also exerted itself to remove abuses of the trade, but there are reasons which have been pointed outwhyalocalGovcrnmontinthepre sent condition of the country cannot bo a ..o,,, ,."l!nl,l« ",-."?", ;" H,-a romwl Tho first y ei-y reliable pow er m this respect I lie ltrst real check to the lawlessness of the trade was the severe sentences passed on a few offenders tried in the colonies and the fitting out of the five war schooners which aie now cruising m the Pacific There can be no doubt that in sending down these schooners Commodore Stilling has substan- tial} checked the worst abuses of the trade AMicn in Tiji the commodoie established an oflicei of the Blanche m the British consulate, and issued dnections that no foreign labour should be carried except by y esscls Hying the BntiBh flag lhere 1 iboui vessels aie now liable to be boaided anj dnj bj one of Her Majest} s schooneis who traverse all the laboui giouud8 and mulei the new îegula tions the olliceis of these vessels have abun d mt poweiB to examine ships and seize vviongaoers Plus sjstem of constant super vision has had au excellent effect It is npidlj dining out of the trade the casuals, who have leen the j,rent offendeis and le mut it moie lo plantéis who take their men home and lcplnielhein bj others which is th« legitimate way of conducting this kind of assisted irami;i ition If the war cruiseis weie cmpovieied to treat all kidnappers as pirates and ban¡, them at then jaidaims the felt it culs would be stamped out in six months Lut theie would rein mi main in itteis of detail in connexion with the 8}stem in which the foreign labouieia would be liable to oppression in a yanetj of foims 1 x] cnence has show n that neither the Bntish Consul noi the 1 ljian Govern ment mille peculiar ciicumstnnces of the counti} can guarantee just treatment of the labouieia lhere is but one leal icmedv annexation of Tiji bj rngland-and tins measuie should have been adopted years ao0 Hieiois i laitj which has demande! the eiitue abolition of tie labour tiade A few minutes îellection should convince jnost people that this is an impossibility Ihe Undo is an established fact whothci foi good ov evil and it will enduro as long as the em plojment of colouied laboui in liji and Queensland continues to be ) rofitable It is not denied th"t there is alwajs a ceitam number of Polynesians who tue desiious fiom xnnouB causes of leaving their homes foi a lime and to lefuse thom permission todo would boas unjustifiable as to steal thom, io lato Bishop Patteson, though his mis mary labours »vero sadly hindered at times abuses of this trade, which ultimately led his death, always took an enlightened . ¡w of the subject, hoping that tho great end which be had dovoted bia life would evon illy be aided by its means. When Mr. mrston, tho Chief Secretary of Fiji, sa»v e late bishop in the Ne»v Hebrides, in me, 1871, he distinctly assured bim that be ' is not opposed to the engagement of labour, it only the iniquitous measures »vhich »vere .f Vii- force in connexion therewith. He bJPomised Mr. Thurston that ho would pit Fiji; and stay six or eight weeks, autho ling lum to publicly announce the fact, d to state that he was desirous of discuss ; with the planters means for the impro»re nt of the labour traffic and the religious .truction of the labourers. Deputations .re being formed in Fiji to meet the bishop lien tbo melancholy news of his murder rived. The following quotation from the e Bishop Patteaon'n memorandum of the li January, 1871, gives a statement of his »va on the labour question : \" Imperial legislation is required to put an a to this miserable state of things. Strin nt regulations ought to be made, and en xed hy heavy penalties, as to the size and tings of vessels licensed to convey natives and from the South Sea Islands to Queens id and Fiji. All detaikuähould bo speci d and vigilantly carried out, as to the mber of natives that may be put on board, iir food, clothing, payment, term of labour, ioiu-eyance to their homes. T»vo small ¡n-of-war ought to cruise constantly in the rinds, and especially in -tho neighbour- ed of Queensland and Fiji, to in- cept vessels bringing natives to those its, and to examino into the observ- ée or non-observance of the regulations, is manifestly to the planter's interest to . ¡courage the bra-less practices now going in the islands. If he wishes to have a Hing, good-humouied set of men on his 1 mtation, it is evident that they must come him willingly, and receive from bim such .' , latment that they will work for him cbeer ' Sly. At present many of these islanders I: brought to tho plantations in an angiy, len, revengeful state of mind. Who can nder at it ? The planter pays a heavy sum iv-amounting, it is said, in some cases. Í£10 to £12 per head-for the so-called issage' given to these ' imported labourers.' o not believe that the planters themselves tif y or desire the continuance of these pro . bdings in the islands. It may be that only a ¡v persons would be found willing to come if feir free consent was required ; and that cora fision is necessaiy, if labourers are to be bduced at all. In this case, it ia not too ach to say, that free labourers must be bght elsewhere, among the . Chinese or ber people who are able to protect them Ives from injustice. But my belief is, that ère will be always some, not many, anders willing to leave their homes for a be, if once it is thoroughly known by ex rience that they will be treated kindly and irly, and brought home at the proper time, iriosity, excitement, the spirit of adventure, li always induce some men to volunteer r any employment that is not distasteful, th people who treat them honestly and rlj'. There are some two or three vessels nouiably distinguished from the rest by :r and generous treatment of the natives. [f the labour trade is at first sight Jy and venomous, let us hope, since it ists and cannot be abolished, that it has thin it a precious thing-a means for the :ial regeneration of the myriad islanders the Pacific. The record of the cruise of 5 Alacrity in the Kingsmill and Marshall >ups, showed the purely animal and use 13 life which is led by the inhabitants of ose islands. In portions of the New »brides white settlements aro growing up, d the natives there are of a somewhat i .her grade, having at least a rudimentary ' owledge of agriculture ; but the great bulk the Polynesians who serve as'laboureis s savages of the lowest type-men who ,ve to be carefully taught by the planters w to perform the simplest service before syareof any use whatever. To pick upshell h on their native beaches does not require en cunning, that lowest power of the nd. Their condition is that of man in his, vest state, with little more than the in net of an animal, unless it is improved by peiience of the habits of civilised life. If ese men are taught the rudiments of in stry they may m time be iveaned from eir habits of indolence and the worst of :es. If the opportunity never comes thin their reach, they will continue to live d die like so many limpets on a rock, [thout having done a Hand's turn tor tue blenishment of the earth, or made so tich as one blade of grass gro»v »vhere ¡ne gre»v before. He that will not »vork ¡all perish Ti oui tho earth, baa been tim w from tlio beßinn»ng~ Is it to the «nation of this law that the mysterious, kdual, but certain decay of all the Polyne In races is to be attributed ? King George ¡Tonga, the most enlightened living Poly sian monarch, seems to have thought so. fe understood his people well, and he passed (a»v, which ia rigidly enforced, compelling eui to work so many hours per day, for, as j said, "If they are not obliged to work ley will die of their slothfulness." Íl'he existing labour regulations are sus itible of improvement in many respects. 1ère ought to be provision for the holding an inqu'i'iS on every plantation labourer io dies. If the traffic, apart from the vesaels lich trade regularly between particularplan ions and the labour grounds, were confined alimited numberofspecially licensed ships, my abuses arising out of the dealings of jcnts »vould be avoided. It »vas the custom : the late Captain Ashmore, of the Sea itch, to keep a strict account of the bourers he brought to Fiji, and at the end I their time demand them of their em Dyers, independent of any official regula ins. A great deal of injustice has been (Tered by natives on small plantations, icre, on the expiry of their time, they ¡vc often been unable to get home in con Shuenco of the ship captain who landed them -, foing abandoned the trade, The commission Sich sat on the labour question in Fiji fade one or two excellent suggestions which fere not embodied in the act subsequently tosed, it was recommended that the wageB ifithe foreign labourers should be increased, ' Kit the money should be paid annually in cash Bo the hands oí the controller, to be retained the Government or existing authorities, her with or without interest, on behalf of e labourers, until the termination of their nod Of service ; that the labourers he paid the termination of their engagements in sh or trade, at their option, the goods to : examined by the controller', and that e wages Bhould be secured on the pro- ut}- of the employer, and in all cases Ue precedence of any other claims, was also urged that rigid regulations lould be mado as to treatment, medical ,re, hours of labour, &c;, in regard to the en penodical returns to be furnished to le coutrollei and that an annual inspec on of all labour if possible should be made ith the present confused state of affairs in iji theie ib not the slightest hope that any ich provisions will ever be earned out Man j j ears must elapse before any purely tal authority in Tiji can be relied on to 1 cientlj guard the interests of the foreign ibomers The war schooners constitute a eij Balutary check on kidnapping and if cj vi ere empow ered to treat kidnappers as nates the worst features of the trade w ould sieedily eiadicatcd but there is no hope Í the tialhc being placed on a sound basis intil the 1 iji Islands have been annexed by 1 e home Gov ernment Hie reports of Com nodore Stirling and the Imperial commis oners who are in all ».robability now pur mug then inquiries m 1 iji must all point o His end as the only sure means of cmoung the repioach of the occasional cts of lawlessness which will otherwise pntuiue to be perpetrated at inteivals 'le îegulation of this trade on a basis ot inconsistent with a righteous ah onence of oppression ni every form »3ht not to be bejond the capacity of »Odern statesmanship There has been if _ of that cheap philanthropy which t mears andvvrui0s its hands ovei South m atrocities It is hifch time that practic ti en took a part in the matter and dealt til it ni a way which will for evei prevent e i ossibihty of a recunenceof those evils tie has been so much reason to deplore le niblic has eveiy right to expect it the Imperial commissioners will ct decisively und recommend practical etwmes Captain Goodenough R N is noun throughout the service as one of the îest capable ofiiceis m it Mr Layaids nt"cedents aro also of a kind which promise 'tt the subject will be dealt with in an able »uiiei The commissioners hav e it in their "rci to rendel a signal service to the causo 'liiinianity and the progress of civilisation "'le South Seas Hie name of the man ' '1 ose efforts chiefly contribute to a satisfac ") solution of the pioblera of tho develop ¡ci t of the tiopical dependencies of Great 1,1 m and to the emancipation of the '? i island peoples from ignorance and in olp> ce will bo as deserving of la3tmg re "«ni lance as th it of W îlberforce I FIJI AND THE SOUTH SEAS. The new Fijian Constitution, which is, however, still in abeyance, has caused much excitement amongst the settlers. Latest advices state that the principal white resi- dents have formed a political association to protect their rights; that the annexation feeling was increasing ; that the presence of Commodore Goodenough had a tranquilising effect ; and that the Ministry »vas not likely to promulgate the new Constitution. The planters »vere anxiously awaiting the arrival of the British commissioners, Native matters are quiet. The murdereis of the Burns family have been brought to Levuka for trial. j Commodore Goodenough has published a proclamation »»-arning British subjects who »vero planters, that if any of them engaged natives who had been conquered by the King's troops-the mode in which conquered rebels were formerly disposed of-he would hold them responsible under the terms of the Polynesian Labour Act. One of Cakobau's Ministers is to prooeed¡ under instructions, vii Honolulu to Wash- ington, and most likely on to Europe, for the purpose of pressing upon the gieat poivers the claims of the kingdom of Fiji to the fullest recognition. Some twenty or thirty young chiefs are to be sent, at the cost of the Government, for education at the Missionary Training Insti- tution at Na»vloa. The cotton crop is excellent. Increasing attention is being paid to tho cultivation of sugar. There are six sets of Bugar mannfactunng machinery on the way to Fiji, and the industry seems likely to flourish. It has already been found that the. place is admirably adapted to the growth of the cane. ? ". The ne»v Fijian Bank has commenced operations. H.M. schooner .Sandfly, Lieut. No»vell, one of tho vessels built in N.S.W. for the Imperial navy, for the suppression of the South Sea kidnapping and slave trade, has returned to Sydney after a six« months' cruise. In August she fell in with the British brig Aurora, and there being 11 natives on board under suspicious circum- stances, the ship »vas'-iaken possession of and despatched to Sydney for adjudication.1"' Particulars of that seizure. ho»vevor. have already been published, During the cruise information »vas collected as to out-lying reefs among the islands, and other matters of a nautical or scientific character. At one place where the Sandfly anchored.'Lieutenant Nowell successfully interfered to prevent the roasting and eating by some islanders of the body of a Blain enemy. At another island he stopped a bloody battle bet»»*een t»»*o tribes. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The P. and 0. Company's R.M.S.S. Banga- lore, Captain G. C. Burne, after taking in her mails, specie, and embarking her.passengers, took hor departure from nobson's Bay on her outward voyage on Friday, the Sth of December. Tho R.M.S.S. Nubia, »vith the English and foreign mails via Suez, reached her anchor- age in Hobson's Bay on Saturday, tho 13th December, at 11 o'clock in the forenoon. STATE OP TRADE. Business throughout the month now closed has. not been characterised by much of in- terest, or importance, and as 10 days of holi- days at least must be reckoned out of the business part of the.month, it will be seen that less than usual must have transpired since the departure of the last mail steamer for Europe, Generally *at this period of the year much activity prevails in consequence of the necessity lor supplying trade wants in advance of the holiday requirements, but the present season has been quite an excep- tion in this respect ; not even the slightest impetus has been imparted, and the aspect of trade has assumed no more animated ap- pearance than is the case in any ordinary business month of the year. Transactions have been restricted, seldom going beyond meeting actual trade »»-ants. On one or t»vo occasions a speculative movement in favour of some particular specialty or other which met with favour, lea to considerable sales, but this pioved of an exceptional character, and in no instance went further. Complaints of dulnesH have been of very frequent occur- rence during the month. In the beginning of the mail month, telegrams of a fa»'our able nature were received from Europe re- garding brandy, which had the effect of im- parting more firmness to a market which, for some time previously, had been drooping ana;uniting into» a , mom- unRatisfar-rrirv I state, but the result has beeii little more than to give a definite value to bulk brandies, while some rather heavy purchases of case enabled holders to recover Is.'at least | of the 2s. yvhich had been previously lost in the value of that article. For, the last fort- night there has been nothing done in the market, and unleBS something new occurs to impart renewed life, it is quite possible that much difficulty will be ex- perienced in supporting values. The market for breadstuffs has been steadier again, and, indeed, towards the close of the month an improvement was observed to set in, and more firmness has prevailed than waa notice- able for Borne time before. This, however, arises from the fact that the end of the season finds us without any stock on hand, notwithstanding that it has been per- sistently maintained there would be a large surplus over. New wheat is, however, be- ginning to make its appearance from the earjier districts, and before any incon- venience can be felt from a paucity of supplies, sufficient will come to hand to meet all our wants. In feeding grain an advance of 9d. per bushel has been estab- lished on maize, and though the market I haß become dull again, it is fully anticipated that present rateB wiU hold. Dundee goods have risen into favour once more. A specu- lative movement in woolpacks has led to a total clearance of the market, not for pre- sent use, however, but to hold over for next season, the »buyer doubtless considering that the price then ruling 'is*' lower than there ,is any probability of its reaching before the next season conimoiices. Corn sacks.'though in more general request, have not been looked after for speculative pur- poses, and the business recorded has, in con- sequence, not been bo extensive. Gunnies have been largely sold, the entire shipment per Ben Nevis of 800 hales, having been taken up, besides some additional parcels which changed hands. The Ben Nevis has brought 1,200 bales of cornsacks, and 146 bales woolpacks (in addition to the gunnies referred to), all of which, however, were sold to arrive some time ago. Candles are beginning to be amply supplied by the new company which has just been formed, and of a quality quite equal to any imported, a fact on »»-hich the colony may he congratulated, as hitherto the market has been completely monopolised by the foreigner. Since the arrival of the mail, coffee . dealers have been compelled to advance the price fully Id, per'pound all round. Chicory has also been raised Id. per pound. In oils, the only new feature in regard to kerosene is the arrival of the Lolia M. Long, with 12,000 cases. Quicksilver has risen in value Od. per pound, owing to the market having been bought up on speculation. Rice has -not been so much dealt in, and a prominent fea- ture ia the decline in Bankok dressed to £17 10b., with its advance again to £22 after the disposal of 300 tons in one line. The ?airival of about 1,000 tons from Moulmein and Rangoon, the offer of one of these car- goes by auction, and its subsequent with- drawal, have all excited some degree of interest in the market. Salt has ad»-anced in price fully 10s. per ton, Operations in sugar havo been extensive, embracing the quittance of 42,000 bags. Trans- actions in tea comprise 17,000 packages, the entire cargo of the Laura, amounting to 10,000 packages, being included. In tobacco we note the quittance of all Cameron's twist to arrive and on the spot, amounting to 450 packages, likewise all the Black Swan here and on the way, amounting to 225 packages. In timber, wines, &c.;, we have little of special importance to refer to. The Nubia, with the English and foreign mails, reached liobson's Bay on Saturday the 13th inst. Our dates from London reach to 1st November. The shipments advised for Melbourne for the four weeks ending 9th October amount to £487,000, sho»ving an increase over the pievious month of £106,400. To three of the other colonies the month also shows an increase, but to t»vo others there is a decrease. Our dates from Calcutta leach to 12th Nov., from Foo Chow they reach to 25th Oct.; and from Hong Kong to 2'.itb Oct. From Batavia »ve-have dates to 8th Nov.; from Singapore, to 6th Nov.; from Manilla, to31st Oct.; from Rangoon, to 31st Oct.; from Bankok, to 21st Oct.; and from Saigon, to 10th Nov. EXCHANOE AND MONEY. The rate of exchange coutinues to be main taiticd at half per cent, premium for 60 days' sight bankers' drafts on London, the buying rate being half per cent, discount. Interest on deposit lodged for six months is allowed at3Jf per cent., and for 12 months at 4 per cent. The rates of discount have been raised I per cent. The banks now charge 7 per cent.' on bills having three months to run, and 8 per cent, on four months and over ; 9 per cent, is charged on oveidrafts. WOOL. Considerable progress has been made in the sale of wool ; 12,790 bales have been disposed of at the various sales, when greasy íealised from 7¿d. to Is. Id. and Is. 3Jd. Fleece brought Is. 3d. to 2s. 4Jd.; and scoured 15d. to 2s. _, STOCKS IK BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on 20th December :-Brandy, 0,885 hhd., 41,742 cases : rum, 759 hhd., 275 cases ; genova, 75 hhd., 21,439 red cases, 2,996 green cases; whiskey, 961J hhd., 6,755 cases; gin (sweetened), 3 hhd., 2,377 cases; cordials, 659 cases ; spirits of wine, 50 hhd. ; other spirits, 3i hhd., 9,185 cases; wine4,20j hhd., 15,884 cases ; beer, l,903i hhd., 5,235 cases and casks ; tobacco, manufactured, 425 half-tierces, 543 quarter-tierces, 7,699 three- quarter boxes and boxes, 4,949 cases ; do., unmanufactured, 138 hhd. and casks, 90 cases, 809 bales; candles, 13 chests, 7,005 boxes ; cigars, 1,134 cases ; kerosene, 55,157 cases ; flour, 573 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, II packages ; tea, 10,279 chests (851,7621b.), 97,535 half-chests (3,751,712lb.), 59,693 boxes (1,002,4881b.) ; coffee, 1,442 bags, 46 tierces, 53.casks, 269 barrels; wheat, 2,793 bags; sugar-Mauritius, 20,449 bags, 3,131 pockets ; Jay a,15,163 bags, 1,080 baskets, 25,108 mats; Manilla,67,290mats ; Reunion, 226bags,2,937 mats ; other ports, 4,975 bags, 270 mats; other (i efinery), 1,524 tons, Oçases and casks ; opium, 457 packages ; oats, 1,038 bags ; chicory, 286 packages; hops, 1,137-pockets; rice, 68,227 bags ; salt, 8,142 bags ; vinegar, 516 casks, 1,433 cases. , IMPORTS AND EXP0P.T8. » The following table gives the imports and expoits of the port fiom tho beginning of the jear to the 20th inst., as compared with the corresponding period of 1872 ; ' i Imports. ~\ .Exports. Week , Ending J 1872. £ £ £ £ 205,027 104,874 563,020 1,105,803 804,610 801,154 158,000 179,480 187,240 800,368 225,602 103,511 260,639 202,292 375,684 120,745 403,827 459,162 670,800 860,075 270,702 403,804 177,707 134,503 1D8.022 307,278 215,609 221,747 209,842 824,303 05,180 183,010 216,070 285,038 610,280 767,603 237,250 241,487 304,109 172,209 100,038 315,503 40,172 109,082 137,225 181,051 210,045 118,302 110,837 190,710 323,101 455,850 145,590 130,241 125,711 73,029 107,108 128,593 142,029 102,370 135,708 210,057 00,322 110,130 161,003 243,610 851,041 490,599 178,080 860,837 64,822 60,120 238,827 286,801 ire,106 41,816 221,011 205,002 150,326 214,826 04,000 211,103 848,138 849,868 235,433 224,025 14,791 109,139 220,434 100,081 01,605 81,006 178,117 105,003 07,188 62,287 200,200 207,043 040,098 470,653 174,074 208,049 ' 42,054 73,810 240,829 . 257,155 00,082 203,177 227,702 203,408 40,180 67,903 234,700 803,510 464,101 609,028 310,430 850,902 103,625 122,135 207,845 255,7SS 71,281 , 32,024 180,800 180,834 82,002 43,347 147,328 120,070 477,162 340,537 869,352 295,010 100,584 87,537 200,890 807,057 73,820 50,622 247,554 292,192 50,267 72,511 182,838 233,519 807,620 409,90? 200,553 359,00/ 70,042 128,813 314,225 350,670 120,450 54,870 239,880 205,273 235,777 101,578 103,738 201,033 390,083 693,570 844,100 301,000 205,858 305,301 218,334 203,017 018,074 87,285 ? ,3,051 200,411 131,544 334,001 118,008 225,322 821,023 1,080,118 260,000 201,213 174.340 100,113 204,876 333,977 240,500 453,250 171,884 20S,902 233,207 74,801 180,400 222,052 090,185 788,507 247,011 170,395 233,087 350,458 34S,250 802,197 227,358 287,904 11,299,005 13,358,(107 ' 12,330,790 1 13,817,001 During the first period the thus : Imports. Exports . account stood , £11,209,005 , 12,830,700 Balanco of exports o» cr imports £1,0,11,735 During the second peiiod : Imports .£13,358,507 Exiiorts .13,817,091 Exports .13,817,091 Bataneo of exports over Imports £153,524 . Comparing, the above periods yvith each other, the results are as under : \- - Iiiliicnrlo«U, iota - -.. - -,.- -, ," "1A,tOO,OOG * ~ Imports ia 1873 .13,353,507 . Increase In 1873 '.£2,050,502 Exnorta In 1872 .£12,330,790 Exports in 1873 ..* .. .. 13,817,091 Increase In 1873 .. .. .. £1,480,301 " MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES . ; CURRENT. The Aitous Office, Wednesday Evening. In the-import markets, business this month has licon slow. Even the holiday season has failed to create animation or impart an impottis, and, with the exception of an occasional "run upon somo favourito specialty, the utmost dulness has prevailed. Nor have mall advices proved of an exciting character. Hulk ales have not been much dealt in, hut wo notice a steady inquiry for hottlod ales and stout. In Dundee goods, woolpacks havo hail a spéculative Inquiry, hut cornsacks havo not been much looked after. Gunnies, on tho othor hand, have heon largely disposed of. Boots aud shoes havo had only a mode- rate demand. Candles are in fair roquoBt. Victorian made are coining Into notice. Cements aro slow. Chemicals show little chango. Chicory, llkoiviso. CofTec has improved In value. Contcctlonory, cordago, gunpowder, hops, malt, metals, oils, and oilmen's stores have shown little worth special mention. Breadetuffs ovlnco sotno improvement ; feeding grains oro also bettor. Provisions havo rlson in valuo. Quick- silver has advanced fully Od. por lb. Itico has main, tallied n. firm ospeot, hut nothing moro. On salt a considerable' rise has been established. Sugar has been extensively1 sold. Toa has also been largely forced off at auction.- Timber is at present vory un- satisfactory. Tobaccocs aro healthy, and some largo - Bales of twist havo been effceted. Wines and spirits havo met with little inquiry, and tho sales reported have not been of much consequence. Alo and Stout.-Stocks of bulk boors being reduced to a minimum, the business transacted hi the course of tho month has been trifling and unimportant. The only sales effected have boon of Bass a palo ale, of vi lush parcels have been quitted for trade purposes at £3 to £S 10s. An outside brand has also boon offer- ing, and to effect Bales £0 would bo taken, but being bo near tlie closo of tho season buyers aro not u-lllm? to buy good old [brow ovon at that price. Bottled ales have been in fair request, the vvholo of tho Buppltes coming. to hand having mot with a ready salo at extreme rates, with the execution of Torment's, on which a reduction ot (k1, »vas notified a fortnight ago, tho business recorded since in this brunel having been at 12s. Fostor'a hus hecn disposed of at 18s. For Blood's wo quoto 12s Od. to 12s. Od. Bass's triangle has hoon got rid ol at IIB. Od. to 12s. Od., according to bottler ; offerings at the flrst-named figure havo, hoviovor, hi.cn cleared out for some time now. Aitken's has been Boiling lu moderato lots at 12s. A largo parcel of M'E-vanl previously quoted at 11s. Od., changed hands at l18. Od. For By-ass's 11s. 8d. has bcoti lUling. ' Jeffrey's, vi ortli 11s. to Us. 8d, in small lots, was disposed of at about 10s. 9d. in parcels For Airol's, 10s. Od. to Us. has boon obtained. Bottled stouts havo commanded fair attention. Edmoild's pig brand lins stood at 13s. Od. Burke's has of late been selling morofieoly at 13s. 8d. O'Brien's dagger, which haB risen into great favoublias found pur- chasers at 13s. to 13s. 3d. and 13s. Od. for common and champagne bottles. Foster's has maintained a steady quotation at 13s. For Blood's in sound condition 12s. Od. to 12s. Od. has boon required, but 150 cases In faulty condition »»oro cleared off by auction nt 10s Cd. By ass's has been nominal »tils, to Us. 8d. Jeffrey's has been sold lu quantity at 10s. Od. Arrol'sls vvorthlls. Bagging.-Nofovlthsuuidliig that tlio season has mado considerable progress, nothing of a speculative character has »otvmnspii ed in cornsacks. Previous to the mails arri»al nu liniiro»od Inquiry was. beginning to bo ovporionced Since thon, how over, the demand has slackened «gain In tho earlier part of the month, about 200 bales found buyers at 12s., about 150 of tlicso being to nrrl»o by the Bon Nevis. Tor tlio hist fortnight theio Ins been littlo inquiry, and business lins been limited, to the disposal oltr.uk. piteóla. The Ben Noy is, which has since airhed, brought nc-irly 1,200 halos, tho whole of which, linnovci, with tho o\ccpllou referred to, waa sold somo two months ago to aiilic Quo- tations throughout hav o I ulcil at 12s. to 12s I'd. Woolpacks havo been neglected for nctual require- ments, but tlio market soon altoi tho departuio of tho last steamer was cntirolj cleared by ono buy or for next season, li» tlio belief that they had seen their lowest About 300 bales of Dundees changed hands at up to 3s Dd., -is did likowisotlio shipment of Calcuttas per Bon Nevis, 110 bales ; tlicso, how- ever, being held, there has been nothing »»hato»or ¿oing since Bian bags lune been moving oil .at 7s Od. to 8s. annules have mot witii a good sale at 7s On tho spot, about 150 bales woíe quilled of last yeal s liupoi tit lons at the price mined. Of tlio Bon No» Is's shipment, 250 biles were sold to an he, and tho balance, 650 hiles, on arrival, on tenue withhold. Boots and shoes havo not been largely dealt lu, Tho weekly sales have been of a lobular character, though tho parcels disposed of havo not been so ox tcnslvo,iand In somo eases a portion of tho offerings lind to bo »v ithdrnvv n for ,v ant of buy crs to clear them off.- On tho latest occasion, viz, on tho 23rd hist., 420packages w ore offered,only a small portlonof w hlch, how ey or, found buyers, and the bulk of tho . , . T ;-~ . " ._. Women's all goods had to be wlthar».. w. _".. ,,»._.. gloro kid, F.S., brought 111. . <i¿ . second1 ao. do., glazed do., Ila. Od. por __. ' __ n_,r kid, F.S., various patterns, 7s. Od. toft,'-, w'g pair; "do. plain ltid, T.O., "Ti. por pah" ! *. '' croquet, 7s. Od. ]>er pair; do. Polish do., 7». Od. per pair; Lorn bronzo bIiocs, Os. 3d. nor pair; third kid, plain, T.O., Os. Od. per pair; mock kid, F.S., 6s. 3d. per pair ; do. plain, T.O., 4s. Od. per pair ; girls' kid, 11 s to l's, 4s. Oil. to Os. 3d. per pair ; do., 7's to 10's, 3s. lOd. to 6s. Od. por pair ; do., 4's to O's, 28. Od. to 4a. 2d. per pair ; patent calf bats., do., Is. 2d. per pair, _c. Candles.-A quiet market, with a declining tend- ency. For Borne timo past shipments from homo have been on a fair scale. It Is likely, however, that tho establishment of a strong and Influential company In Victoria for the manufacture of this article will now chango tho tono pud aspect of a market hitherto monopolised by the foreigner, more especially as tho candles so made havo proved quite equal to any imported, though prejudtco has as yet only given them a value of within a penny of Goudas. Without any question, howovcr, it eau be truly'said that tho candles nair made "by Messrs. Kitchen and Son, and those mado at tho Apollo Company's factory, are quite equal to'any brand Imported. The latest sales of Apollos have been at lOJd., and of l'otrollnes at 10J<1.; vi hilo Coudas have 'been disposed of. _t lid. For Brandon's wo quoto Hid., it hilo for Do Roubaix 11 Jd. Is wanted. Cements.-We noto an unsatisfactory market for cement. Notwithstanding that the riso In freights advised hy last mall must throw a loss on importers of several shillings per barrel, at the rates ruling for some time past, not the slightest sign of improvement is perceptible. Quotations for best brands havo been steadily main- tained at 20s. to 21s., mid tho heavy shipments advised for the month's supply mako it Improbable that there cau.bo any chango for tho better tor somo time, American plaster has rulod at 25s. throughout tho month, but business In the market has been ex- ceedingly slow. ". , Chemicals show few changes since our last. Soda cr} stals have been In slow salo at £1115s. Carbonate has ruled steadily! at £20. Caustic soda has be. como a trille easier ; GO per cent, having declined to £24 10s., and 72 per cent, to £29 10s. On tho other hand, ¡lowers of sulphur have advanced from £14 10s. to £10, at which,this article is now hold. Tartarlc acid has not altered, 2ä. 2Jd. bolng steadily realised. Cream of tartar has been selling at 1b. ¡Id,, w hilo prepared opium has not improved on our lost quotation of 20s. ,*" Chicory.-For the first timo for many months Vic- torian manufacturers of tills articlo bave mudo a stand for on adv ance. About a fortnight ago a rise of Id. was announced, and tho price has sluco stood at _<!. -. Coffee.-Shortly after tho mail arrived, advising considerable excitement in the growing districts, wholesale dealers, being tho only holders of stock, declared an adv anco of id; all round on tho rates pro v iotisly ruling, and for plantation Is. 3Jd. lus sluco been required. For Java Is. Sid. to' Is. 3d. has been ocou rcquircu. ror javu in. ¿ju. lu ia. ou. nui, u_ wanted, and nativo Coylon has stood at Is. 2'd. But oven at those figures orders for trade requirements alono have been encouraged, owing to tho uncer- tainty regarding futuro supplies. Confectionery.-Little of interest has como beforo us this mouth, and prices, with the exception of candled peel, remain unaltered. Keillor's assortod confections aro salonblo at lOltl. ; tho demand, how- ever, Is limited to oxport orders. For colonlal-mado a vory good inquiry Is maintained for local uso at S'd. to Od. Candled peel has been in fair request at Is. ljd. to Is. 2d. for orange and lemon, «hilo citron, which lins been scarco and wanted, has boon sold as high as Is. Od. Jujubes have been disposed of at Is. lid. Cordage-Wo noto a steady but vory qulot mar- ket Littlo has been dono for local use, but an im- proved inquiry has boon experienced for oxport. Values aro without change, and In consoquenco our notices of tho market havo been vory monotonous indeed. Best Manilla hemp Victorian mado ropo has been selling nt £63, whllo .cordago under ono inch has realised 8'd. Second quality of.this material lias been placed at £60 for largo and 7Jd. for small sizes. Flat ropes have boon in fair request at £70 to £81. Now Zealand flax-mado ropo hos met with buyers at £40, while lines and cordago -sizes miller lill, havo been quitted at 5W. Mantua lashing has been sold at £01 and £54 for first and second quality respectively. Now Zealand lashing has been placed at £40. Shop and Beaming twines liavo been disposed of at Is. to Is. 2d. Now Zoaland flax, according to quality, has been quitted at prices ranging from £18 and £20 to £25. Fish.-Vory littlo interest has boon oioltod, but sales for the supply of actual rcqulrcmonta havo boen making nt unaltorcd rates. Ling has boon disposed of at Od. New white herrings having como to market, snlcs havo been making at 338. tor half-barrels, lib. fresh herrings havo 'been got rid of at 8s. Od. Bed herrings, in tins, have been placed at 32s. lib. salmon, having of lato been lu large supply, has declined to 14s. od., and for parcels less money .would not bo rcfuBed, Sardines havo rallied again, and niter effecting largo sales at 0s. 3d. for halves, 0s. Od. Is now required. Quarters, in Uko itiannor.haTo advanced to 6s. Gd. lib. oysters aro lu slow sale at 8s. lib. lobsters aro saleable at 12s.. FrultB.-Shlpmonts of now currants mid raisins reached hero by.the Northumberland in good time for the now- year's demand, as noted hist month, but trade sinco has 'not beon marked by much animation. Currants havo been In good Bupply, but ralshiB have been very Bcarco ; tho former havo main- tained a steady quotation of 4*d. to 5d. for now, whllo good to best (old) havo realised 4 Jd. to "4 Jd. Elcino and Valencia raisins have gradually advanced to Sid., at.vvhich sales havo recently- boon making. Sultanas have not gone over 7'd.; but muscatols, being cxtrenioly scarce, have been sold as high as Is. Gd. Fjgs, viliich havo been dlsposooWoi at 10"d. to lid., nro now quoted at lOd. Flour and Grain.-For a fow days aftor tlio last mail's dopartuio, the markot for brendstuffs, pre- viously affected by forced Sales and unfounded reports regarding stocks on hand, maintained a heavy aspect, hut soon afterwards assumed a decided improvement. As supplies coming to hand, hovyovor.of oithorilour or wheat, proved very trilling,-not a quartor of the business which olforcd could bo dono. Tho trade nrlço for Hour linn bonn lnainiainoormruuglinut at. "£1S 6s. to £13 7s. Od. The prleo for parcels, however, hiled at £12 10s. to £12 15s., for a short time ; but for tho last fortnight £12 12s. Od. to £1217s. Od. has been tho quotation at yvhich all business offering has gone through ; the holidays havo since Intori-oncd, hut thero is no need to vary oui- quotation. Supplies of whoat havo for some time been very trilling Indeed, and for the last fortnight havo appeared as If thoy had become exhausted altogether. Under tho Inlluence of a stupid cr}- that largo quantities were still hidden away, the price of (Ino wheat declined to 6s. Od., but rall}htg again within tho last two weeks rose to 6s. 10d., and a rumour was oven current that one holder had cleared out a fen* hundred bags at Os. Ten days ago a sainplo of now wheat from Lako Cooper, ono of our earliest dlstilcls, was shown in the market, yvhich for quality has seldom been excelled. The present season has been a vet}' fine one, and as nothing has arisen to mar or affect the quality of our wheat crop, it Is expected that a fine harvest will bo tho result. A small parcel of new has been sold at 6s. Sd. Oats have main- tained a steady aspect, and sales havo been mado at Is. 4d. to 4s. Od. for common feeding sorts, and though tho supply has boon very. Binallf? still quite sufficient to meet tho dcmand.has come for- ward. Bright feeding would havo U_*nalit-J4s. Od.; few, how ever, have botm 'offered. Milling havo not dome forward at all*,'The millers, notwithstanding, have been amply Btipplled. Fears havo been ontcr talned that the very hot weather which brought our wheat to perfection has dried up and considerably affected tho oat crop. Trilling lots from the earlier districts have como to market, but nothing to enable dealers to judgo of what thoy may expect. Maize after the steamer left bogan to show a further Improving tendency, and rapidly roso to 4s. lOd. to 4s. lojd, For tim last week tho market has remained dull, at. Is. Od. for parcols to 4s. lOd. for small lots. In barloy tlicro has been nothing doing ; supplies of old have been exhausted, and now has not como to hand. Bran roso to. Is. 6d., but cannot at tho present time bo quoted over Is. 4Jd. Pollard is worth Is. 2d. to Is. 5d, Vic- torian oatmeal lias been disposed of at £31. Gunpowder,-Wo aro unablo to roport even tho slightest appcaranco of improvement. For blasting powder no Inquiry whatever hasconioboforous, and even for trado purposes only tho most trifling sales aro recorded.- Quotations show no alteration on our last. Hall's is nominal at Ogd. For Kaines Od. is lcqulred, and for other brands öjd. to 5Jd. would bo taken. I . Hops.-Now that tho first "brush" of tho now. arrivals is over, tho market appears to hava sottled down to greater quietness than previously rulod, The trade demand !b of a ver}' moderate chaructor. Now 1873 Kent aro in slow salo at 2s. to 2s. 2d. for best samples, while second-rate qualities havo boen sold at Is. lid. to Is. 10(1. Yearlings aro offoring at all prices, the qualities being Bo vory varied. Ordinär}' to good havo ranged from Is. to Is. 6d. -Tasmanian havo been neglected," nud a statoment to tho effect that the crop tlits season will bo vciy short has failed to causo any Improvomont; 1873's havo ranged .from lid. to Is. lil.; wo havo heard of no inquiry for cither sorts. v Malt.-A vory qulot market, and likely to romain so.' For trado purposes jales to a. moderate extent aro nink'ng at Us. Od. to Us. Od. . Largor parcols aro moving oil amongsf the trade at 11s. 3d., but for entire shipments ovor Us. to Us. 3d, could not bo got. « f Metals have been wonderfully slow- and without animation. It being found useless to forco busi- ness, no attempt has been mado, and no auction sales havo consequontly'bcon reported, If u-o oxcopl the fow damaged lold that havo boon got rid of undor tho hammer. It »-111 be seen then that, as it rulo, no changes havo occurred during tho month. Pig iron has been moving lu small lots at £910s. Oalvniilsod Iron has met with á fair inquiry at full ratos. Scotch, though not offering. Is quoted at £30 for 20 gauge Englisli-inado has boen disposed of at £32 for ordinary, aud sales of best brands havo been making at £84 for 20 gauge. Bar, and rod lion havo ruled at £17. Sheet Iron lins com-* niandcd notlco 'at £18 for Nos. 8 to l8, whllo Nos, 20 to 20 havo realised] £21. Plato Iron has boen fairly looked otter nt £10 to £20. Hoop Iron has boon'salo ablo at £18 to £19. Fonclng wiro has boon got rid of lu considerable parcels, and now £23, £24, mid £26 is required for Nos. 0, 7, and 8, thus showing a slight advance. In load, shot Is quoted nt £33. Tin plates do not move; tlio-quotation lu therefore nominal nt 10 per cent, advance on Invoice. Mimtz metal Is worth lOd. to UJd. Ewbank*« nails aro vory soarco ; w-e quoto 10. per oont. on list. American nails havo .stood for somo tillie at 27s.,-but vic aro without business to report. In American hardware sales have been making of Colllus'sand Shnrpo's hcivy axes at 80s. Ames's shovels command 74s. t- Day's D-II. shovels bring Mi., mid other makers' aro quotod at 60s. Ilollovvnro maintains a quotation of-10 per cent, off list, but thero has been no biuluou doing for somo time. * : . Oils.-Tlio utmost hoavlnoss hnsporvadod ltorosono. Only tlio most trilling Bales have boon making through- out tho entire month. Indeed, for tho greater part nothing nt nil has been done. Small lots of Devon's hay o been sold at Is. 8'd. to Is. 8'd. At ono timo it wns thought that an inquiry for largo iiaroolj at Is. 8d. in bond might lend to business, but holdora wore too stiff. -The Leila M. Long arrived a fortnight ago from Now York with 12,000 ensos. By tho mall lately to hand wo havo dates from Now- York to 10th Oeluiicr. Tho departures for Australia reported silica our last adv lees are the II. A, Litchfield, which left New- York for Sydney on 30th September, with 5,000 cases oil, besides 2,750 cases for Brisbane. Tho John »Vorstcr left for Molbourno on 1st October with 13,000 cases. . Tho Kutla left foi- Molbourno on 18th October with 11,500 cases oil. Two vessels were loading at New- york for Melbourne, and ono at Boston for Mclbourno and Sydney. One vessel was loading at Now York for Adolaldo, and two for Non Zealand. Castor has boon soiling at _. 10d., duty paid, Tho Ben Noi-ls has addea 3,000 cases to our stocks. Linseed oil has been Btcadily raalntainod at 4s. lOd.for drums, vvhllo bulk of this oil has bcenprocur J'lloat 4s. 3d. There has been no demand for Colza ; <lrtn_1' ° nl'c<1 nt 6s- >n,uI casl;8 lmvc brought 4s. 8d. Olive hm." eon m,otcl1 at ßs- Od. for drums "and 6s. in wood. Clili.'."80,.'8 BdoMo at _. 10d. Polar oil Is worth £30 to Jh..'- ,",,,, , Oilmen's Store» - A 6tcauy bueiness has been dono, hut with tho oxccptlon C{ clearing off the stock of ono finn at auction, nothing bb",V0lllJ tlie ordinary routlno has transpired. Pickles have been sold at Os. Cd. for common to 8s. Od. for medium, ató' up to 12s. for best brands, lib. jams havo been placed St Os. Od., and up toOs. Marmalade was sold at 10a. 3iL Salad oils, in quarts, have realised ISs., 22s.. and 24S., according to brand. Pints havo been quitted at Os. Od. to 11s. Od., and half-pints havo brought 5s. Od. to 6s. Od. Castor oil, in pints. Is quitted at 7s. Od., vvhllo half pints sell at 6s. Cd. Sauces range from Os. to 12s. Capers soil at 7s. Column's mustard Is disposed of at Sid. lib. tins aro quitted at 10s., and half-pound tins at Os. Kcan's D. S. F. brings 18s. Od. In pound and 10s.,0d. In half-pound tins. White and bluo starch Is now selling at 0s. 8d. Thumb bluo is placed at lOJd. Epps 8 cocoa was dlsposod of at l8. Bid., cocoa nibs at Is. 4Jd. Plaid vestas brought 4s. G_ and 0s., and vestes In japanned boxes realised ISs. and 03s. Sago Is In Blow Bale at 23d. Macearon! and ver- micelli command lOd. Black popper bos boen moving In retail lots nt 7}d., and white popper at Is. 3Jd. Provisions.-\\\fo noto an Improving market. Colo- nial-cured butter has advanced to 10d., and Is much firmer lu value than ' formerly. Thoro Is, thereforo, no chanco of prices this year going so low, as thoy wore two ycorsjigo. Vlctoriaii-mado cheese Is In moderate request at 8J<1\. to D.d. Bacon, Vlctorian ínado, finds buyers at Od. to lOd. Victorian hains are In fair request at Is. and Is. Id. Suicksllver for tho greater part of the month utained a firm quotation of 6s. 3d. to 6s. 4J_, w lien tho article attracted Bpcculatlvo attention, and tho market was cleared of all offering, tho samo being now hold for Os. to 0s. I'd. Rico.-"With tlio oxecption of tho arrival of two cargoes from Rangoon and Moulmeln, nothing of special interest has been reported. Patna rico has maintained a uniform quotation of £20 to £27 for small lots, duty paid ; vvhllo £23 in bond lias boon asked for largo parcels. Tlio advices received from Calcutta do no moro than confirm tho disastrous novv'S about the crop previously transmitted by telegram. The value of other descriptions of jico has not under- gone much alteration. Java dressed lias been selling lit £24. Japan dressed has been quoted at £22. Bangkok dressed dropped to £17 10a., whon about 300 tons changed hands, after which tho prico rose to £22, and this figuro Is now asked for small lots. Rangoon and Balfron bring £10 to £20. The Amiral do Montntgnae, from Moulmeln, and tho Nocml, from Rangoon, arrivod a fortnight ago with full cargoes. The shipment by tho latter vcsboI was offered hy auction, but had to bo with drawn again for lack of buyers. " Salt.-Tho want of supplies coming forward has checked business in tlio market, and pro ven ted largo lines Irom being taken np ; but a vory brisk trado demand baa boen maintained, under tho influ enco of willoh holders have been compelled to ralso tho price for small ?? lota of Liverpool conreo and Ano to £0 ; whllo for Ano London-Btoved £010s« Is demanded, and at tlicso figures there is a fair business done, tho trade being very poorly stocked. Slates.-Wo report a much quieter market tills mouth. The nrrlvals amount to 170,000, but being mostly- to tho trado, their hands havo been too full to operate to any extent. No parcels have in consequence been got rid of, and, for tho reason already given, tho tradoiiavo also bought very sparingly. Undor theso clrcuniBtaiiccs no Improvement In prlco can ho re- ported, although shipments ndvlscd aro on a moderato scale. Wo continuo to quoto £10 for 24 x 12, £14 for 20 x 12, and £12 for 20 x 10. . Sugar.-»\'o noto an extensivo inquiry, and largo quantities have been taken off the markot ; Improved prices havo also been obtained during tho last fort- night. Business for tho month opened bytho salo on Tuesday,' tlio 0th Instant, of 6,097 pockets and mats Queensland at £34 to £3410s. for fine yellow- counters, and £82 15b. to £33 5b. for bright yollow and medium counters; £31 10s. to £32 10s. for grainy yollow, £20 10s. to £3010s. for brown, and £2015s. to £28 6s. for low greys and rations. 8,100 mats and bags Bourbons were, at Bamo timo, quitted nt £20 6s. to £20 10s. for low- browns, nud £22 6s. to £24 6s. for rations. Crushed loaf sugar brought £41 10s. On Wednesday, tho 10th, 1,002 packages Queonslniid grown woro got rid oi under tlio hammer, when groy refining sorts realised £24, and medium grainy countors »vero dis- posed of at 31s, Od. Medium to good grainy yellow Mauritius at some time broughtfrom Sis. Gd. to 33s. ed. On tlio Bamo day tho St. Kilda arrived from Mimritlns with datos to 21st October. On Monday, tho 15th hist, tho cargo of tho Charmian »vas offered undor the hammer, and somo 5,278 bags »vero cleared off at an improvement of 6b. to 7s. uti. Medium yellows brought 32s. gd.; good yellows, Sis. Od.; Uno grainy countors, 35s. Od. to 80s. 3d.; good whites, 37s. 9(1. to 38s.; medium to good yollow crystals, 34s. Od. to 35s. Od.; and good browing crystals, SOs. 3d. to 30s. Od.; 1,400 bags Mauritius low to fino yollovvs changed hands privately at 32s. Gd. to 34s. Gd.; low crystals woro quilted at 84s., and grainy browns woro sold at 28s. By auction on tho loth 4,150 mats Java, and 2,000 mats and pockets Queensland, both in faulty condition »vero cleared on". .Middling wliito crystals realised £30 10s., nnd grainy yollovvs 32s. to 83s. 3d.; medium counters 82s. Od. to 83s. Od.; low yellows, 30s, Od. to 31s. Od.; browns,28s. to 28s. Od.; and rntioiiB, 22s. to 26s. Od. On Wednesday, tho 17th, 1,600 bags Mauritius woro disposed of privately at from 26s. Od. to 80s. 8d., according to saniplo. Tlio cargo of tho Charlos Mnureau was offered publicly tho same day, and Borno 4,500 bags woro disposed of, »Yhlto cry seals fetched £37 5s. ; middling mid greyish vvhito, £38 5s. to £3« los. ; wliito countors, £35 to £3U 10s. ; yellow grainy counters, £34 to £34 5s. ; and medium yollow counters, £33 to £33 10s. 1,500 bags .">.'-??' -.. - - ..?... ....llln.l nr, 11,^10(1, nt fOl tn £1110s A largo htiBiness vvasuttoinptcil to bo done last week In oidor to cleat off as much us possible bcforo tho holidays Tho cargo of tho Norco was could be Bold, at 27s for low, 8J3 Od forgood }olloiv, and Ils Od foi yellow er}BUtlB I otu thousand al\ hundred mats w hite Jay a cr} stals, in fault} condition, were disposed of on tho same ela}, at £35 15s , and 2,203 mats mid pollets Queensland grown, also sold as fault}, realised £21 10s to £30 15s Prlvatcl), 800 bags China sugars vi oro quitted at 31s for counters to 36s for fine counters Onluesda}, the 30th hist 1000 bags wore offered publlclj, and the u bolo cleaicd off Tho Norco brought dates from Mauritius to 7th Not ember B} telegram fiom Aden adv lees aro also to hand to the 12th of tills month The arrivals of lato aio tho Larnax, tho Loch îsaw, and tho San Juaii, from Mauritius lea-Messrs J Curio Robertson and Co io port -"Notwithstanding that thomarkotcontinues to bo unfav durah)} affected ui heavy stocks and numerous arrivals a considerable amount of business has been dono prii atol} as vi eil as through tho auction matt, moro cspceiall} tho latter As might bo ox peetcd, however, under tho circumstances, tho prices obtained aro far from being Batisfactor}, though tho market appears iioiidorfull} vi oil supported During tlio liratvwook of the month, nothing special was allowed to transpiro A lah In qtiir} from town and countr} bujera ti as ex- perienced, and sei eral good lines of common and me ilium congous changed bands \ er} Uno first c1 iss liaisons wero also mot ed off In limited quantities At auction, sonto 710 packages-tho damaged portion of tho Rachel and Dot ercourt-w oro quitted Tlio foi lou mg vi cok tho sales recorded eov ered 2 000 packages at from Is for lou to 2s 2d for finest congous, me dlum kinds, lion oi or, rcceiv lug most attention Oi cr 1,000 packages scented teas vi oi o also placel at from Is 7d to Is lid Tho arrivals during this*1 period wero the August liclmcrs and Laura, from Too chou An increased business was loportcd hist week, chleflv b} auction. On tuesday, the 23rd, tho entire cargo of congous per Janet, was offered imblfcl}, but the nuctlouoer onli succeeded In placing 1,807 packages including eheste halt cs, and boxes Lou broken loaf brought fid , and ordinary to medium congous realised Is (Id J ho following da} the cargoes per Laura, from foo- chow, and that hi the Miss Kihuauscgg, from Arno}, vi oro offered, on ii hieb occasion tho Laura s, consisting of 10,000 packages, »as all sold at fiom Sd to Is Cid , hut onlv a portion of tho Miss Kllmansegg's was allowed to go at Is Old tols 41d Tho holidays havo nineo interv cued, and nothing further has como undor our notice Our quotations aro-Dust and sift lugs, 7d to 8d , broken Foo chow, 8d to lOJd, ordinär} to good, lOJd to Is lil , mixed leaf I bids, l8 OJd. to is 21d , do , with Uttlo flin our, l8 3]d to Is 4d , blackish leaf kinds, Is 4d to Is Od , do strong, Is Od to Is OJd , do strong flay our}, Is 7d to Is 8d , kalsovv kinds, strong, Is 8d to Is lid , pekoo souchong and pekoe flay our, le lid to 28 id , fine rich pekoo, souchong flavour, 2s Id to 2s 3d , do v o» fino do, 2s 4d to 2s Od , orango pokoo, scented ordinary and broken, Is, 3d. to Is. 4d.; do., good to Uno, Is. Ud. to 2s. Id.; capor, scented, com- mon to middling, Is. Id. to Is. 4'd.¡ do,, middling to fino, 1b. Ud. to 2s. 4d. ; young hyson, good to Uno, Is. Gd. to Is. Ud.; finest, none ; giinpowder, Canton, good to fine, 1b. Gd. to 8s. (Abovo quotations aro at por lb, In- bond for chests, boxes being worth 3d, por lb. more.)" * Timber.-Tho markot haB maintained a vory heavy aspect. Deals havo boon declining for wcoks past. Lumber lias also fallen in 'value. Business, how over, has not "boon torcod, only two public Bales having been reported during the month. Deals havo been coining in. very frooly, but as tho state of tho homo market has - not yet com- menced to affect values boro, nil tlicso' cargoes will rcqulro to bo hold'over. On Tuosday. tho Oth inst., wo reported tho salo by auction, ox Galatea, of 10,000ft. whlto pino shelving, at £10 15s. per 1,000ft.; 50,000ft. do. T. and O., brought £10 10b. to £12128. Gd. do.; 64,000ft. lilli, to 41n. clear pine, £1415s. to £17 6s, do.; 20,000 4Jit. laths realised 33s. fid. per 1,000 ; 60,000 4ft. do., 20s. do. Ex B. Aymar and Nina Bell, 4,200 doors, D.M., U.F., and sashes sold at 0s. '8d. to 21b. Od. oneil ; 3,000 4 J ft. plokots »vero placed nt £0 2s. Gd. por 1,000. On tho 12th instant ox Thomas StophciiB mid Tweed, 2,210 red doals. 11 x 8, oxtra good lengtliB, CXI! 'brand, sola a} Od. per foot of 0 x3; 0 x- 3 were quitted« at Sjo^ to 6]d. Tho cargo of whlto pino ox Syron was alBo disposed bf; bown logs »vero iilnced at 10s. per 100ft. lineal, sawn iHtohcs at Us. Od. do. ; T. mid G. flooring roailscd 8s. Od. per 100ft. lineal ; 0 x 1, 0 x 2, 4 x 8, 4x2 boards and scantling, 8s. Od. to 8s. 9d. por 100ft. super. ',3x2, 9s. Od. do., 12 x 1,13 X1, 14 x 1, 17 x 1, planod ono side, 10s. Od. do. TobaCcocs.-Wo noto a contlnttod Improvement, as Blocks havo been getting Into narrow cr compass every day ; Indeed, with tho oxcoptlon of recent arrivals, almost ovcrythlng has hoon cloirod out of importers haiidB. Prices aro very firm, and all classes of tobaccoos hu» o been moved off freely at Improved ralos both for export and tor homo consumption, and ns'in Christmas »veok somo vory heavy transactions in now- twists wore reported, thoro is ovory Indica- tion of tho now year commencing with bettor prospoots than hnvo fallon to this market for yoars past. Oh Monday, tho 8th IiibI.,400 packages woi-o offorodby auction, but only a portion was got rid of, viz. :-121n. twist brought Is. 4J d. per lb. ; dark halt-pou lids, lOd. per lb. ; light pressed do., Ib. por lb, ; do. do. fives, U'd. pou lb. : do. do. 12lu. bars, ll¡d. por Ib.; tons, all faults, 7d. to lOd. ¿per' lb. Little disposition was ev'iiccd to ga into stocks, consequently biddings wore very languid. On WcdncBday, tho 17th, HO packagos ChUdroy's make »vero disposed ol. On Wednosday, tlio 24th Inst., wo reported that ¿ tho entire shipment of Cameron's twlsl'to luina by tho Lnko Lomtui, and nil advised on tho way, to tho extent of 450 packages Itavon and St. Andrew's, had gono Into tho hands ot r' ' '-,*-? Ono buyer at very full prices. All the Black Biran twist to arrive and on tho spot; lo tho Dxtont of,225 packages, was llkowiso taken up on private terms. Our trado quota! ¡onsarc:-Common and medium tons, 8d. to lOJ.l. ; good to best, Is. to Is. 3_d. ; halt-pounds, nominal ; dark and bright navies, common and medium, lOd. to Is. ; good to best, 13d. to 18d. Faucy commanda Is. 3d. to Is. Od. Twist, common and medium, very finn; we quoto lGd. to 17Jd. : Comeron's, Is. (ijd-t0 Is- W- Stocks arc small, and demand very- good. Ormond Swiss cigars bring 80s. tu 32s. Od. ; Manillas, COs. ; German cigars, 40s. to 00s.; Hamburg made, 70s. to 200s.; genuino IUvanuahs, £10 to £30; of the hitter, fine cigars aro very scarce. Wines and Spirits.-In wines trade has been very dull indeed. Tians.ictiois bato been limited to a moro routine business, mid «hen an occasional auc- tion sale Ins been held, it has Invariably proved of trilling Importance. Ports havo been sold at prices rising from £13 to £22, and £05; and sherries have been quitted nt £43 to COO. Under tho hammer, sherry has also been disposed of at £10 10s. to £20 10s., and at £21 to £53. Champagnes have been in fair request at COs. to 00s. for modhim to Uno brands. Brandies hal o been quito neglected throughout tho fen tiro month, and any transatlons reported hal o been of- ver}- minor importance. At one time the aspect of the market waa very unsatisfactory, and though bulk did not nominally alter much, yet case during tlio period fell 2s. per caso. A tele- gram from England early In tho month, how over, I had the effect of hardening tho market, mid values In consequence became much Bt&adler;, Ilcmiessv's 1872 como to bo Inquired for, and'sales were effected at 0s. 8d. A parcel was also sold to arrlto at 0a. Gd, Tills lost, hovvover, was an excep- tional Balo. At auction, on Thursday, tho 18th hist., Henucssy'B palo brandy sold at 0s. lid., Martcll's dark at 8s. Dd., Ward's polo at 8a, 3d., Bisqult Dubouche'o at 0s. Od., and Associated Vineyards at 0s. 74d. On tho l&th.; however, Bhiquit DuboucluVs realised 7s. liri., and Otard's 1871 was placed nt 7s. Hil. lion ncsey's palo on tho spot Is quoted at 0s. 3d. Martcll's palo is worth 8s. Od. to 8s. Oil C.V. P.' soils at 7s. y Od. to Sa. For Otard's wo quoto 8s. Marctt's Is saleable at 7s. Od. Jules Robin and Co.'s commands 7s. Od, Vlnegrowor's Is wortli 7s. 8d. Bisqult Dubouclle's is valued at 7s. 8d. Castlllou brings 7s., and Central Vineyard Is steady at 0s. Od. to 78. Speculative attention was directed towards case in tho beginning of tho month, when bohío 0,000 eases of Ilonness}., on tho spot and to arrive, changed liandB at prices rising from 28s. and 28b. 3d. to 21)a., and with a quiet market for tho last thrco weeks, tho quotation has stood at 28s. Od. to 203. Martcll's has ruled at 27s. to 27s. Od., and up to 28s. lloimossy's corded nt 25s. Common brands havo been maintaining a quotation of 18s. Demorara rum, 10 por cent, o.p., has boen sellingnt4s. to 4s. 3d., vvhllo Ouconsland rum was pfaced at 2s. 8d. Geneva, JDItZ., has been lu slow salo at 14s. Od. for parcels, and 15s. for small lots ; £0 bottles havo been wanted, but tbero aro no pal cols offering. Other brands are quoted at 13s. to 13s. Gd. »» liiskcy hos been firmly hold, and sales hav o been making at 5s to 6s. and up to 6s Gd , according to brand Sir It. Burnetts old tom Bells at lils Gd MONTHLY WOOIj AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. Messrs It Gomsiinouau and Co report - " M ool -A considerable q lautltj has changed hands during tlio month, 33,430 bales hav Ing beou catalogued at tlio sales, of vv hicli 21,000 bales hav o beon sold, cither at nuctlon orly private contract Tho Bales lui»o generally beon »»eil attended, and competition has been fairly maintained tor all tho lots brought for word, but moro especially for good to superior clips, which, ns usual, havo been in tho greatest doinaud Of tlicso a good selection has boen offered, consisting chiefly of »Vcstorn flockB, vvoll washed, and caroflilly classed Prices for tho best descriptions continue firm at last month s rates, but Inferior to av erngo sorts must bo quoted lower, In conscqucnco of tlio reduction w hlch has Been established at tlio November sales In London An unusual!) largo proportion of tho lots offorod during tho month has consisted of small parcels from farmers, vi lioso clips ha»c generally been In indifferent condition, being frequently bully got up mid liisulllciontl) ekirtcd T lioso defects will, no doubt, bo remedied w hen tho new beginners in sheep farming havo gained moro experience, but In tho meaiitlmo thoy hav o often had to submit to comparativo!» low rates, in consequence of tholr clips bolng unsuitable for shipment. Tlicso lots ha» o In most Instances been bought by tho fellmongers, to scour and placo In ship ping order During thopast fortnight, there lias boon an Increased demand for good, light-conditioned clips, In tho grease, for America, and tvvoBhlps, tho Brinco Arthur find tho Laura, aro now loading for Boston mid Now -»orle, whilst another vessel Is about to bo laid on tho berth The pitrehnsos hn»ochlell) boen »v oil skirted clips, freo from burr, mid full rotea hay o been glvon for really choice lots~ono exceptionally ¡,ood clip of 120 bales having been sold by us during tho past fovv days at Is 3d per pound The ship melita to Amorlca aro Pkely to bo moro extensiv e thnn Wns at ono time anticipated, and will probably bo from 0.600 to 7,000 bales Tho Magglo Losllo sailed on tho 10th ult for Now Yoik with 2,001 bales, and tho Bhlps now loading havo about 3,000 bales moro engaged Tlicso purchases nro lnrtor iliim wo could hnvooxpoctcd, vvuon tho groat dopicsslon which continúes in tho woollen trado of tho United States Is taken Into consideration, and wo trust that before next season a favourablo réaction will havo tho effect of Inducing increased operations in this market The export of wool from Molbourno mid Geelong to dato considerably oxeceds that of prc-fe v lons y cars, tho extension of tho railways Into tho* Interior, cou Joined with tho favourablo vv eather, hnv Ing enabled tho grow ors to got their clips to market vi i til moro despatch Tho season will thus bo In ought to a termination at mi cirllcr date, mid by the end of next month nearly all tho clip will havo boon shipped Thero will, no doubt, boa larger quantity than usunl availablo for tho London Bales for tho first i reuuccu propor . _._.-_ _.uso prematuro to giv o au cstlmato of tho total shipinonts fromtheso colonies, but thoy will doubtless bo fully equal to those of Irmtvjnnr. n"»1 nniwlhU oxeen.! timm, tim season having been bo vor} favourablo for wool growing. Tho elip, takon nB auholo, l8 vicllgronn and in oxcolkint order, and wo bellovo it will tend to cnhaiico tho faiourablo roputatlou which oin Ans trnliun (locks havo attained. Tho sales have been postponed this vi ock in couscqeuco of tho bolilla} s, but the} will bo resumed next week. Tho ware- houses aio vi oil filled, and the auctlona will continuo throughout next month, aftei which the} will probably mil} bo hold at intervals, as the season vi ill thou no virtual!} oior. Thofollottlngshlpshaioclcorodfrom Molbourno and Geelong during the mouth u Ith vi ool on hoard .-December 0-Zoroaster, from Melbourne to London, 5,270 bales Decombor 11-I'ak Wau, from Geelong to London, 3,054 bales December rr Northumberland, ss., from Molbourno to London, 4,101 bales ; City of Perth, from Molbourno to Lou- don, 3,300 bnles, December 13-Kosciusko, from Molbourno to Loudon, 5,424 hales. December 15-Sam Mendel, from Melbourne to Loudon, 3,550 bales Decom- bor IS-Envo}, from Molbourno to London, 2,505 bales. Dcecmbor ID-Hlghfl}or, from Molbounio to London, 2,023 hales ; Mejglo Lcsllo, from Molbounio to Non ^rk, 2,001 bales Decemboi 28-Thomas Boll, fiom Molbourno to London, 4,320 bales; Collingwood, from Holbourne to London, 4,80b biles Decombor 27 Lodi Ta}, from Mclbourno to London, 4,131 hales; mid preilous shipments, .14,210 bales Total, 1st October to date, 100,020 bales In addition to tlie nbov o, tho Von Diemen is expected to clcai to da} with about 5,000 bales, and sol oral other i easels ale neail} loaded, and will sail within tho next few da} s "Prices Current.-Oreas} -Infcilor, 7d to Od ; oi dinar} to average, Od to lid ; good to su por lor, Is. to 1b. 3d. Flecco, Washed - Inferior, Is 3d. to Is. 5d ; ordinär} to av orage, l8 Od. to Ib 8d ; avorogologood, Is. Od to l8 lid.; Btiporior, 2s to 2s. Id. Scoured.-Inferior, IB. 2d. to Is 4d ; ordi- när}', Is 6d -to l8 7d ; middling >to good, 15. Sd. to Is. lOJd. ; suporlor, Is lid to 2s 2d " ShconsMns -During tho month our regular eales liny o been u oil attended, and w o havo sold an al orngo supply, consisting chiefly of pelts, at rathor lou or prices than hat o boen ruling of lato. Dry skins aro worth Gd to8il per lb.; full-woolled frosli skins, 4s. Gd. to 0s. Od. each ; pelts and lambskins from Oil. to 2s. each. " Hides.-Tills market Is quieter than wo hal o soon it for some timo past, and it ib Impossible to obtain Into quotations. Shipments from New Zealand are moro readily sold than our ou n supply. Wo quoto wet salted hides up to 6Jd. nor Ib ; ox hides, 22s. to 32s 0a. each ; cow hides, 12s to 21s each ; mid calf- skins, 7d per lb. All offering aro takon for local consumption, and no shipments hat o been made except to the adjoining colonies. " Kangaroo skhiB aro very dull of sale, oxeopt oxtra largo sizes, for which thora ibu little demand. Nominal quotations aro 8d. to lOd. por lb. " Tallon.- Sinoo tha doparturo of last mall no hay o held four sales, and disposed of 1,177 casks at a further reduction bt about' 10s. per ton. Present prices aro as follow ¡-Mutton, £32 to £33 10s. ; hoof, £31 to £32 ; mixed, £28 to £81 ; mid Inferior, £24 to £28 portón. Tho current rates of freight to London are 00s. to 05s. por ton. Tho clearances aro ns follow :-Dccoinbor 0, Zoroastor, Molbourno to Loudon, 128 casks; Dccoinbor 12, City of Perth, do., 300 casks; Dccoinbor 15, Som Mondol, do., 89 ensks ; December l8, Envoy, do., 60 casks; Docombor 10, Highflyer, do., 400 casks. Total, 1,033 casks. " Prcsorvcd Moats,-Operations havo boon continued during tho month by tho Mclboumo Meat-presorving Company, though on a reduced scale, lu coiiBcquouco of tho lato disastrous Uro at tho works, which has materially intorforcd with preserving operations. Tho Geelong factory continues at work, ns also somo of tho privato establishments ; but tho high rntos for fat Block, and tho gonorally unsatisfactory returns from tho homo markots, aro not encouraging to producors. Tlio following shipments havo beon nindo during tho month ¡-Dccoinbor 0, Zoroaster, from Molbourno to London, 1,223 casos*; Dcccmbor 12, Northumberland, s.S., from Mclboumo to London. 2,313 cases ; De- cember 12, City of Perth, from Melbourne to London, 1,054 cases ; Docombor 16,.Sam Mondol, from Mcl- boumo to London, 228 cases ; Decomber IO, Iilghilyer, \- from Molbourno to London, 1,000 cases ; Docombor 23, Collingwood, from Goolong to Loudon^.1,010 cases ,tolal, 7,468 oases. . *' SUMMARV OF SAMS THIS MONT». .' Sales. Bales Cata- logued. Hales Sold. li. Goldsbroupli and Co... Hastings Oimtiigham ti Co. Tho London and Australian Agoucy Corporation Li J. II. Clough mid Co. Monckton Synnot .. '.. O, J. Dennys mid Co. Gooree Synnot and Co. .. Mellish, Vinos, nnd Co. .. Guthrie, Bullock, and Co. Buckland and Burnett .. 0 5 3 2 3 3 a 8 3 14,018 7,465 l.tPB 2,430 700* 9,021 2,749 1,105 570 841 9,443 4,481 770 1,073 831 1,593 ? 1,530 053 3i6 102 y. < 83 83,480 ' 21,025 Messrs. IIabtinos CuKiNOUAM mid Co. report : ' Wool.-filuco our lost montl)ly clrcular-Iargo quan- tities of wool 'havo arrived In town from all dlroc lions, and a considerable amount of business has beeu transacted, 10 sales by auction having beon held lu Melbourne.,, al which about 25,000 balea wcro brought forward, mid 17,000 lutes sold. In Geelong 7,600 bales vere entnlogucd, mid 5,000 bales sold durlug the mouin. The Bales attracted full attendances of buyors, aii-i thcio was good demand for medium to superior r.unlltlcs. Inferior sorte and numil lots of greasy continuo to attract lillie attention from buyors for Bhlpnient, and Bales of (tlicso descriptions liaVo been effected lo follmni-ircts nml woo! sc«urcra at rather although showing a »light dev ""i.HP0" ""' *<"}*'* figures! consequent upon telegtv. "' '« »b T fÄ__ donat.tho close of November «orle» <?«»<*. Di'sinesJ was susiiendod last wcok for the Chnv T7?,.,0yuaf». and no moro public sales will bo hold tin. " t,ie begin- ning of tho now year. All this season's ?"P » "ow forward, or on the way to town, so that »..' c*""r termination to tho regular Bales may bo oxiiecvO«. Quotations at projont aro :-Greasy.-Inferior to medium, 7d. to lOd. per lb.; medium to good, lOd. W> 12d. per lb.; good to superior, 13d. to lied, por l_ Scoured.-inferior to medium, 13d. to lOd. per lb.; medium to good, 17d. to 21d. per lb.; good to supe- rior, Sid. to 26d. per lb. Floeco.-Inferior to medium, lOd. t</ lOd. per lb.; medium to good, £0x1. to 22d. per lb.; good lo superior, S3d. to 26d. per lb. Freight« aro steady at Id. for greasy, |d. for flecco, and Jil. i>or lb. for scoured. Tlio shipments sluco last r'oport aro as follow :-For london from Hobsoli's Bay. ltonoVTO, 3,876 bales, cleared Decombor 2 : Zoroaster, 6,270 bales, Deccmbor 0 ; Northumberland, 4;lll v bales, Decombor 12 ; City of Perth, 3,300 halos; De- cember 12 : Kosciusko, 6,424 bales, Doconibor 13 ; Sum Mendel, 3,550 bales, Docombor 15 ; Envoy, 2,505 bales, December l8: Highflyer, 2,023 bales, Dccembor 10; Thomas Boll, 4,326 bales, Doconibor 23. From' Goolong-Erato, 0,214 bales, cleared November 28;' Haddon Hall, 7,315 bales, December 1. Shipments' for London, 48,015 bales. For Amorlca, Now York-' Maggio Leslie, 2,001 hales, clcaroO. Docombor 10. Previous shipment», 07,010 bales. ' Total oxports from ' Octobor Ï to Decombor IO, 1873, 147,002 bales. Corresponding periods, 1872, 130,402 bales; 1871, 130,392 bales ;< 1879,112.D76 bales ; 1800,123,603 bales ; - 1808, 130,000 bales; 1807, 03,000 bales; 1800,85,887 ' bales, lho following is a list of ships now loading, and probablo quantities to be taken :-Prince, Arthur, 1,400 talcs, for Boston : Laura, 1,700, for Now York ; ' Loch Tay, 4,200, loading at Goolong; Strathdon, 4,100; City of Sorfngatapan, 4,600 ; Asia, 0,000 ; Sir William Yi'allaco, 8,000; Groat Queensland, 7,000; Van Dlemeu, 5,253; Twocd, 6,000; Essox, 3,500; Fcnthosllca, 0,000; Collingwood, 4,805, for Lon- don. Several ol these ships are about to olear. Tlio Anglesey is also- on the borth. Snoop-' sklns.-During tho month a docllno in prices was established, and at present thora aro no signs of Improvement. Sales havo boon difficult to elfeet except for really good skins in fair ordor. Butchers' green skins sold at from 8s. to» 10s. each ; dry station skins from 6d. to Sid. por lb. Hides.-Thora has .been keon competition from the local tanners, mid prices remain same as last quoted. Ox hides sold at from 23s. to 32a. Od. each ; cow hides from 16s. to 26s. each ; calfskins from Od. to 7d. per lb. ; wet salted hides from 4Jd, to 5d. per lb., and in extra good order 61d. per Ib. The shipments of leather for tho mouin aro 747 bales. Tallow.-Wo havo little to roport in this market. Thora havo bcon Inquiries for largo lots In shipping order, by private contract, but sales by auction havo bcon confined to parcels for local manufacture. During tho month wa have sold 20» casks ; mutton fetching from £33, to £33 10a. per ? ton ; beef, £80 to £32 per ton ; mixed, from £20 to £.32 norton. Tho evnorta amount to 1.47» niqkq for £32 por ton. Tho exports amount to 1,470 casks for London. Kangaroo Skins_Thoro Is no Inquiry, anal prices aro nominal at from Od. to lOd, per lb. Messrs. J. II. Clouoii mid Co. report :-.'Wool. Sluco our last monthly report per steamer Bangalore there has been a largo business dono In this iiirtrkob, though, from unsatisfactory telegrams from Londou, at prices in favour of huyere. The quantity of wool offered nt tho 10 publie wool sales which havo boon hold In tho Mclbouruo market during the past month has been 24,094 bales, and- of this quantity 10,151 bales havo changed hands. Tlio clip this season bears out tlio anticipations formed of It some timo ago, boing well grown gonornlly, whllo tho greasy brands aro light lu condition, and many of the washed parcels show vory great caro lu the gotting up, reflecting credit on their owuors. Tho-demand for tho American market has boon almost confined to first-class clips of greasy, for willoh good prices havo boon paid. Tho quantity of email parcels of fannors'grow til Is yearly Increasing, mid promises to form mi Important proportion of tho wool production of the colony. Of theso lots a con .stdorablo quantity consisto of Lincoln, Leicester, and other coarse »voolled qualities, and the crossbrods from tliBBO and tho merino. From tho »vant of tho facilities and accommodation of woolsheds usual on sheep stations, and still wanting ou tho majority of theso small holdings, tho wool from thom docs no1 appear in tlio market got up In so good and mor clinulablo n form ns oxpcrlcnco will snow to bo de- sirable In order to sccuro tho full market value. Our quotations aro : Fofrgrcasy flooco, inferior, 0}d. to SJd.; do.,mcdiumtogood,S'd. tollAd.; do., superior, 12d. tol8'd. Flooco, washed Inferior, 12d. to lid.; do., medium to good, 15d. to 20d.; do., superior, 2Id. to SB. 3d. Scoured sllpo, Inferior, 10a. to lid. ; do., medium to superior, led. to 28. Id, Shipments duriug tho month have been mado as follow s ¡-City of Perth, 3,308 bales ; Northumberland, 4,177 halos ; Sam Mendel, 3,550 bales ; Envoy, 2,505 bales ; High- flyer, 2,925 bales ; T. Boll, 4,209 líalos ; Maggie Leslie, for Now York, 2,001 bales. Total, 22,855 halos. Sheepskins.-Wo havo lind au avorago supply forward nt our Bales during the mouth, and havo sold butchers' green skins nt 3s, (id. to OS.; dry- skins, 2s. to 0s. Gil. each, and station skins, Oil. to Od, por lb. Hides Tho market continues about tho saino as last reported, nil coming forward being readily disposed of to tho local tanners ; and wo sold a considerable quantity at, for green ox, 21s. to 33s.; cow, 17s. to 23s. each; wet salted, 4f.d. to 6Jil.; calfskins, Old. to 7}d, per lb. Tallow.-Wo lm»o held our usiinl snlos during the month, and by auction and privately havo disposed of 320 casks ; líricos, howovor, aro lower Ullin last month. Our sales iiai'o been at tho following prices, vii. -. For Inferior, £20 to £20 ; mixed, £30 to £32 ; hoof, £31 to £32; und mutton, £38 to £33 10s. per ton. Leather.-Tratlo In this article during tho month lins been dull, mid prices for all descriptions lower. We have, how over, cleared off a largo quantity of various, kinds, at tho following prices, viz. ¡-For crop, 10Jd. to Hld.; kip. 18d. to 2s.; calf, 2s. 3d. to 3s. 8d.; wallaby, 2s. 3d. to 3s.; black kangaroo, Is. Od. to 29. 3d.; brown kangaroo, l8. 7d. to 2s.; rannors, 2s. t» 2b. 4d.; harness l!(d. In lid. per lb., and basils (Is. to 15s. per dozen. Kangaroo Skins,-Thoro has Our s liai lune been-loi small sires rid to OJd medium, 7d lo Oil, and largo, OJd to 10}il por lb Mimosa Bark -Mu havo dispose 1 of a largo quantit} during the i >_ lb, m_fni Inn Ho is Co to £« los Mid ground, £. to ¿5 10s I er ton Ml LBOURNE MAHIvLrS Sumida-i, Dto 27 TIIL MILLS Tho bolitlaja havo almost ontirol} Interrupted husl nt fcs, un I few transaetions can bo reeurtlod vi e liles days quolallons ma} again be ellon viz -Fluir £13 to £13 10s (bags back), pollard Is 4d to Is Gd , bran, l8 5d , oatmeal, £31 to £32 RETAIL MAllhElS 11 o íetall provision market is ver} linn lu aspect, and tho drought Is beginning to tell on the s ip I lies of buttei oge.8 and d liri produce, gene mil} llio inllng rates aro as follow - Beef 4d to Ed per lb , pork 7d to lOd do , mutton, 2_d to rd do Poult»-} -louis, Os to 7s por pair geese, 8s to 12s do , ducks, Os Od to 7s Od do , turkois, 15s lo 80a do Dalry I roduce -Cheese Oil to la Oil pci lb , oggs, Is id to Is 8d por dozen, butter, la 2d to la 81 pel Ib , bread 7d per 41b lint milk, Od per quart, hnniB Is id to Is 4d por lb bacon, la Id to Is 2d do l\OOD AND COAL. There Is no change in tlio fuel maikot Quotations 1 cumin as follow -Coal, 85s to 87s. Gd per ton, _ 3d to 2s Gil per cut wood, 1 foot billots 12s Od to 1 Is per tot < f 40 cubic feet, do , retail, Is Id to Is 3d pel out. , charcoal, 2s Gd to 8s por bag ol thrco bushelj, coko l"s to 41b por ton HAY MARKET Messrs Bt.Ti.vit a id Moss lopoit - " lho supply was hi gc each market da), and salos wero not at all fice bii,\oro oxeept for actual requirements being unwilling to operato Until alter the boIidajB Wo sold as last nook -Ila}, old, £3 10s to £0 5s , now, £J to £6 6s strait, £S to £3 16s McsBrs Iami.s Ikstos loports -" Oonsuineni hiving ninplv supplied thomsolios lo mont tho boll da}s, sales havo not boen bo active this morning Ila} (old) £4 to £0 6s , neil trussed, £4 to £6, bundled, £3 to Li 15s , straw, £2 17s Od to £3 10s EABTERN MARKET Thcio lias a vor} poor uuppl) of all tho loading Items of vcgctahlo and dall} produoe this morning, mid tho show of fnilts-especially foi dessert-wa« misorablo Prloos nero vol} dear, and tho market was cleared ver} carl} The currant prices may be (,lv cn os follow -A cgotablos -Globo artichokes, Is tola Od perdonen asparagus,Is to8s por 100,basil, Is per dozen bunches, kluno} beans, 5d to Gd por lb , beet, Is por dozen , bouquets, 0s to 10s. do ; cabbages, 3a to 8s do , carrots, Dd to Is per dozen bunches, creas, viator, 8d do , cucunibora, pilckl}, 5s per dozen, do, long splno, 12s do , i, irllc, 4d pci lb , horseradish, 8s to 12s por dozen bunches , lotttico, Ib to _ per dozon , marjoram, ni "> l""" I "l"o n In a 1H"1 Ra tn lOi nrr Gd. per dozen bunches ; onions, dried, 6s. to 104. per cu t. ; do., groon.lB. to Is. Gd. per dozon hundios ; paraloy, IB. to IB. Gd. do. ; parsnips, Is. Gd. to 2b. do.; poos, Oil. to Od. per lb. ; potntocs, 4s. Oil. to Os. Od. por owt.; radish, Od. to Is, por dozen bunches ; rhubarb, is, Oil, to 4s. do. ; sago, Od. do. ; shallots, Gd. per lb. ; thyme, Od. per dozen bunches ; turnlpB, 1b. to Is, Od. do. ; vege- table marrows, 2s. Od. to 6s. por dozen. Fruits. Almonds, 3d, to 4d. por Ib.-, apples, 3d. to 7d. do.; apricots, 4d. to Od. do. ; cherries, lil. to Od. do. ; currants, red, Gd. to 8d. do. ; do., wliito, Od. do.; gooseberries, Id. to Gd..do.; grapes, Is. to Is. 3d. o, ; lemons, 2s. per dozon ; formats,, Od. per lb. ; pears, 4d. to Gd. do. ; plume, 3d. to,Gd. do.; rasp- berries, Sd. to Od. do.; strawberries, Od. to Is. Od. do. Dalry Produce_Buttor, la. to Is. 4d. por lb. ; choose, Ud. to 8d. do. ; ducks, 4s. to Os. per pair ; eggs, Is. lid. to Is, Gd. por dozon ; geeso. Os.. to Os. per pair ; bens, 8s. Oil. to D8, do. ; lionoy, Od. per lb, ; ' pigeons, 2s. to 8b. por pair ; pork, Od. to 7d, por lb. ; rabbits, 2s, to 8s. por pair ; aucklng-plgs, 10s. to 12s. each; turkoys, 10s. to 25s. per pair; hams, Is. to Is. 2d. per lb. ; bacon, lod. to Is. do. PRODUCE. McBsrs. M'Caw, Adamboï, mid Co, report :-"In conseqiicnco of tho near approach of tho holiday» there waB a spnrso attonduico of tho trado at our sale today, in Hour and grain »yo had only a few lots lo offer, and tim prices realised wore fully up to last week's, viz.. £12 12s. Od. to £12 17b. (k1, for liest brands of flour, at v.hlch i ates wo quitted somo 30 tons. Hnvo quitted privately since our last an equal quantity, realising up to £13. Primo samples of wheat aro »yoiIn 6s. lOd.; for low- medium 6s. 4'd, was ac- cepted. Disposed of a few lines of oats at 4s. Id. to 4s. Od. Maize is steady at 4s. Od. for sound parcels. Capo barley dull at 3s. 2d. to 8s. (k1. Bran In demand at quotations. In dalry produce, anticipating a small attendance of binera at the publie «ale to-day, wo ha»o beon Miling freely during tho »veok at ratCB fully equal to last salo day, and prices Btlll koop tin, best lots of potted btittor bringing lOd. to lid., mid fresh to Is. 2d. .Chooso of primo quality realises 9d. lo lOd. In bacon and hams tlio buetiicBS doing Is. not bo great as tho thoo of year would warrant iib lu expecting, and prlcos rathor easier than foimorly. Bolow wo gi»e details, results of nctual salos : Flour, host brands, from £12 12?. gd. to £13 per ton; do., second do., £12 78. Od. dp.'; »»boat milling*. 5s, 4'd. por bushel. Inferior parcels ; barloy, English, 6s, Od. do.; do. Cape, 3s, 2d. to 3s. 5d. do.; oats, feed, 4s. Id. to 4s. Od.' do., luforior to medium ^ bmn, la. i\i. do.; sharps, Is. Od. do.; pollard, Is. 2d, to Is. 8d. do. ; bacon,, guaranteed Bound, and boat quality, 71d. to 0.1 per lb., flitches, eldco. nudt middles, Blow sale i hatiiB,guarantocd,ls. do. ; cheese,, 7d. to lOd. do., good to oxtra primo ; do., 3d. U OJd. do., luforior mid inodlum lots ; buttor, potted, Gd, to UJd» do., Inferior old to primo now ; do., traill, lu ut'uta and lumps, Od. to la. 2d. do. ; lard, G'<l. do. ; oa«8, icgulav supply, J8, OjU. to \% BJ. po*; 