THIE BOOUGH OOUNOIL Mel:T on Monday last. Present-the Mayor and Aldteroon White, Ologg, Ball, and Fitzpatrick. The following finauncial coemmitto's report was brought up, recommending for payment - lamp. lighter, latNovemnbor to lt Deoooember, £7 le. 8d.; maointouauco moo, 6thb November to 4th Doooember, £6; clerkt o works, same period, £9 4,.; town. clerk, same period, £9 4a,; charwoman, 27th Sept, to 29th Nov., £1 7e.; Patrick Moran, root, £8 Is.; A. NI. Botts, low costs, £7 12i. 6d.; Job,' Byrne, casting iron tubes, £2 10,. ; Alfred Abrahams, timber, £20 19a. Od.; Jae. Maloney, eartayge, £4 6s.; Joseph Day. cartago, 16s.; W. Bnsbrtidge, cart ago, £2; Mr. E. Wikoor, money expended on aceount, 16s. 2d.; corporation mon, 16bth Nov., £9 2e. Od.,22nd Nov, £10 130,, 26th Nov. £9--£28 16os. d. Alderman Olegg moved that the above floaneial report be adopted. Carriod. The following letters were then read: Bydney, 06th Decembor, 17818. i'the ?[ctyor, aulburu. liy dter s hit--I hate the ]lonar herewith to enolose the ro ply recolevd to.your opPlloetlot forwarded o ms for proseata. tLion to tole instaer fot lands, requostlig tleat a portiot of laud ndjolatig tbe moshantcs' Intlitute should be dedicated s as site ror a tmown halt. Yolu ,,tlt observe thnt your rcequest ham beaon complied with eul.Joet to the reserrtloa By the gosernmont or a ctdthl or t weotly seat eloeo trie guool ralt. Tl eo land approprtated will litsU hlote n froatoles In Aubharas.treeo or tsty.two aned a.tafI feot ; uat tteo ,taptth wilt ha that for Whlo you orltlnelly las alsRo Inrorms t tleat ro ,ueaeryoleoran wll oause th land to be surveyed wttle as tlttle delay as poslbte. I ans, my deer sir, I'ruly yours, Wetr. fIood, Deptrtmont of Lfndso ydlrtool llth Decemboer, 1873. Btr,--WttI roference to your tu~or t of ti 8th Otobeor toat, Inololno au appiloo tlan ul tor boro i ole rinoti o lt. bOrn for the mlditloin of thle portion o lled e t o lbUr srtt?lod beotweol the moohn los' tnoletnte anro the loonr a slto tar a tonlldrmn, I aoso dretod to tlorrln yall tllhet tile n ithlelar for toltns b oe np pr noll of tiro opproprlttlon or the lan IOpl ti I rre an slto fur a ton-rhfall, re sorlto g howre or, r htr of tnhlty froo nloa g tlo M rol wall,. I h~aro theohooroto oe oir, oYour otodioto sorrot, W. W, 8r70018, Oonu.cTlr l OhAmlr.OhaA oaulu iRneehy.l h Otoopo eoooroor Ottb, 1878, To tile Vworabrplfr the nlnfyor nn i Aldermrn of tile lilorougl. orrlotonrO --I iroK tL Inntlmote tor yo tirt tie rllthony or eonalotn 'lo i t roiroag re lll oi lu a srrioho irrnt age fro m elf rilll t tre r ty i,0 Sat i irolni ttor ty e tie f eo ier tm llrt rrtli trrlot. Mly n?rlin lia ti nlt nit irey loa below ito tie isoe mit trlfr rilollly fr ooh eI r loh a stopp rrlint irg to arr gra+t tilit ti oroe rll 111e p tis.lllrto tolu to h er inurtriy rirntieg elf otirats t aleirt osn the IlmrhIrnowrn reblt omo lb er or tei palrinsenlt of hultrroiotrleot. I tenli tor to rgoe tlnroreer. ally of relnro e plle.lirotron l in hrioe poostrrttop t o hu t tirrty Ort lilll, rlit a itnoohkoyir bot l ol Oet. ire coot rolflll pro. bhbly he Lt, bht vouirl proeo at UIolih sarrioe to the oonoell. r ha?re itho Ironer to be, &a;, .0, ,. WlrOsII On the motion of Alderman Iroll the onve lotters wore reuoeted; end woith rospeot to Mr, Wt lkner'o loiter, lrman h lor lo i pmorved-i' That the gov-' ornihetont hoe applied to in reofrene to the reoort oas raogardhe fho dralunage of uady-oreet and Slotne \+ lroot.--0frrlod. OrrOOnw.oiLL-A STtl NGan DioInesoe r. -- It haa fte hoon ae o ebjoot o oosunplaint with the people of Orookwoll, rabbo Gabileo, and Wteoo that while gorgraphioelly and ommorolitaltly their neighbour. hoode obelon to tho Godlbrt distriot, from whioh they are dristant from thirty to forty miles, yet pottitoily and legally they Obelong to the Yafa die rino, from whioh they are distant from fiftBy to sirty mileis. Tho pblioation of the boendorioo of the lootort oa bs proposed io the now hill now bhforo parlimon t haes direotn~o our attention to the eahjoot, nod we ind thrt not only oin the propod moeasure hot also in the eieting law the wholre townerip of Orookwotl is roeally within the polino diletriot of Gout. ernm and the oleootorato of Argyle. N\Otbwlhetnd og thrt thi io eon, through some moetelke ina the ourvoyr:gonoralt's oloo, Kinamo Creok insteaod of the Croo?i?olt Rtvor'hne hitherto booltr toon as the boundary; anrd the olootorn of Oroaokwolt hbvo boo pltoed upon the roll for Ynss and loft ofi that for Goulhurn, nod -the innkeepors have obtlined their tIoeneus from Iess instead of from (doulburn. This s alol olarly wrong; and we adrveio persons liingo i the. town of Crookwoll in future to oomn to Goul-t hnu for their lioonsoe nad to take earn that who, nost month the potio oolielt the oelootoral lint their onmes are plared upon that for Argyle and note fQr Y?ee. Unfortunately land baeinoes will still havhPo ho tramnnueoted with oaes unoles the government ordb to the oountrary. Grabbeo Gullon and Whoon ter etill belooling to Yase;. hut It is to bo hoped tha the bouodorino of the. olootorate will be so lter. as to. grol, to, the people livig leo thoe eigbo ioods voten for the distrit with whioh they nr doutiflod rather than for one with whlqh they have no interoots .iooommn. • : BoDuonovnB Tie wb a0t aNo xL,?r.?*-Thn following loletr has boon roouivrd iom thoe seortary, for works in reply to, roprosontatlune from tbo Argyle and GeorgaoA Ronds?.eh Ansooltelon on the euabjoot of the intonode rildge over tbo:Wollondllty River~at Mlrs. donee rolssigg, It epy~bo romeunbored thorevoretal wooden hrldges erootod over/thie rlvor at groet eoat ho?o boon oarrlod naay by floodseand that the goaerpaont propoee, Ito, u the. piers otf the iroet bridge and thereon to, oroot ae new. etruotron. ThGiiaouoiirtponron thoether hand have orgeI on the gorernmqnt tho'doeirebillty of having anbrldgoewith olpher bhrol or. etoonr pior' br. iron.oylindors, The outlay, houtt £1800,r nosw auborleod may threfoore h ooosideye?d aethbrwnawoy B l , o rpurtlont of Philitol Workhe Sydnoy, oth December, 1878 Br,--Tn reply to your Ittter n nd roro?est last tropoon tie bridge prepoae to be orored oveer tire folltondllly ibor a, Oolilbarn,~ al Dlhdreotd by, the secretary for Duelllo rrorke to 0Inform yo. ti.a a txqudor, llNsbeoa ?oepd. for the, aork, nrofurthbr reportlp nacouoary., Inrrl.Pnrtr Oanlhodral his. Loroi torlp tl uhotup, of Jolbirno Admlntr?litorod'tG aRnormoet of oon0lrmn. ilon toupuarr of. a hunodreod porautratho mretjrtlh of whom awere fromlos,, Prlipr to.hne oaromenyhis TLordehlp arldreeaod, the. oongrreati0o, ot aone lengtlh, xtrrilning., the oharoh'e' dootrlnoe with, rod Reoaoo tn,tho reotramont ho wee, about to admlnlolor,' The ooromonyodnd tSothoo,fndr'th ngo,oftwooty qneyoarerwho.h'iied been oe, rArmed, took tlhe pledre ounlithoy oyarried!ot thtgeg . Fonnv y...O-On,Mondwy.wo wnere ehna, a ohcqrle ford1! 5.. purporting totbe 'drwawih y J., W. Ohie., holm on th'o, Aistrelign. Jolpt Stoclk ,Iank Sydney in tir, of'+ 17,' henry Bruor,.dncioedithDootmber a878, Thisa huqeo wstakon by, tr, Armstrong ol ;ludgaaia from an, elderly mgu whoobtaioed good, 'fromhom, tc.rthevalun of about p0,. There. Ia but oo .J, W. Ohlholm., oa the o galburm ndlrPtr or,we Inollio. In, the, anlonyo;, nde theo algnotron to, the. choioe ln 'queostion oanoeleot boathoollghtot roesma jbinoeoe thuttgoatlomenr.e handwriting, W\mLrLaBAreUTOA.b IrlP~iVBnAtNrT Sootnr.-.Thie Woutnyrto llntirat?,o oprouemeet. Soieity,. prrpoaonto hold; thelir. tralfyoartlyr meeting at. thflee, Wooyane' oolrom this orolng; eiportsi from the oeorotery. ndtr oneorer willUho readi and ithe uul ooeletieono olliegro willltaeo plane. I Oeutoe~r no iOotglnUL'fUeA, l Foeoar, - n ; the. aroport le our lastl flturday'o ieiaeuof:, the. Uorltol: trrl Soulota osrow the fo/lewleg onllal0oe frpm hoe lrrlno-]t ooOur.--o John Ohiohbem, noonod prlne, Os 0di, fer onions; first, priso, Os., for. ooumbeorso; ilooond.dze, 2+,' Id~,+ for; tahble huuqaot ;.eed, tr," udnWion' ,et5rd: pr i e,,, for, ohorria., 'To. Mlie, Chorleaq ooogdtprlieo , SI., for-tebli bouqutet andi oeeond irlzo, 2e, fdy fprio?od; bouquet, To T, loruos0o.r,?Gaionuoree'e, ooee.edprlne for, ohorrlon, 0s, To.n,, ,Alezndor,, 2e.Sri., fer haotleoye, :Tho, prlzo awardedo to. 7rl, 'niubo? for. Bqinr~ ma ,hoald heop been O4,,0d, . " ": ' nm J~ii~iOOTO AND'\FO.TA1o~etre.GtN~a. UNIreD, GOneus oartr x.-..rl eeor, ur olor nd.L'aydoYlr, gu?vo Rothor. of thorrattraotlro performanesl in town on Saturday evenlng aqt,, Th0 tlrge manrquee woo rroorld, and, iweotri beon, dlItloat, to. find: noommeodatlon foan Inereasnd audlonoe., The flrotpof ofttho por formeohooeonslstod of. the uaunlteqeuetrnnia and gym. ntrleo feats, whlci wore ronderodLIn a very erodlt nl.o mnnnor0l, and; the performanoo of a tralnod monkoy,, ololtod rounde ofnpplaooe, Tho enoond 'prt endnoooeluqloegol the progremme onneltedl of thre prodoettin. of, theo ooll-knowe ploeo tie Stooplt Oboe. ?ho nL?oypolo.deno nod Ito deline. aliop"o/.Irlih ohareotar In this plooo wore well' 000. tolet8god s il 60~h,101d4811rt rleppeidr Pt Itbonel eleyp o'olock, apparently well pleansed with the evening's entertainment. The company left the next day for Braidwood. Acacnflxa.--O Sunday lbst Mr. John Siruone seas riding near Tarlo hill, when his horse foil and rolled over him, bruising him to eauch an extent as to load to fours for hie life, and it was at firt thought that his thigh was broken. He woe re moved in a cart to the Duke of Idioburgh Hotel, and Dr. Morton was sent for, who preseribed the neceosary treatmont.--On Monday Miss Norton, teanher of the Mummcil public sehool, was on horse back and suddenly raised her parseol, when the horse plunged and throw hebor on to a stump, by which abe sustained a fracture of the thigh. Dr. Hayley attended to the ease. AcoloenTs .T Loou.c.-On Monday, the 8th, as William Stophonson, son of Mr. Robert Stophenson .f lIagguo, was assisting his elder brother to catch a young horse, ha being on horseoback, the animal kioked out and struck him on the right leg, causieg asevero wound on the shin, oloeo to the ankle, and breaking the log. Mr. O. Boyd was sent for and reduced the fracture, and the patient is progressing favourably.-On Friday, the 12thinstant, as a grand. daughter of Mr. O'Brien of Laggan, a girl of sir years old, was riding what is known in the bush as cookhorse, she fell over and broke her arm olose to the wrist. Mr, Boyd reduced the fracture, and the little sufferer is doing well.-COorrespondent. SA.BTartY s EOnTIoNlON.-Thbe excessive heat whibch huas prevailed during thp last few days is cal oulated to be anything but conducive to health, and we would particularly draw the attention of house holders to the neessoity of avoiding as much as possible the accumulation of animal or vegetable inatters. We have noticed very offensive etfluvia arising from some of the open culverts in town, more especially the one immediately adjoinieg the polices court in Sloanewstlest. We call the attention of the proper authorities to the fact in the hope that the nuisance will be speedily abated. Punero SonooL Ooxear,.-A concert in aid of the publio shobool will be held in the ball of the me* chanioa' institute this (Wednoesday) evening, oom mooning at eight o'clook. An opening address will hbe read on the occaslon by W. Davies, Esq., chair man of the )ocal board. An attractive programme conslating of part.nsongs, readings, and recitations, has been issued, the performers bolng the school children and a number of lady and gentlemen amateuro who have kindly tendered their services for the occaslon. The planoforto will be under the able management of biers. Troughton. We antlsl pato a large and influential attendance, and that the proccods will materially add to the funds of the publio school, WaovYAcN UcoNooa SiotoouL BDuns AuOTcroN Aun Ontieu'rTsc.'Itau.,-The commnittoee of the Waes. leyan BSunday school a.unnounceo their intention of holding a brsc auolUion on the 10th Instant, and Ohrlslmas.tree on the following day. A numerous catalogue of articles will be exposed to competition, including live.stock of all desoriptions, and sundries too numerous to partlloularieo, The committeoo res petfully soliclt.tho interuat of both donors and pur. ohnsors on this oeoaslnn, New ZeauB sn.-[Via MeOlbournO,.-The Olaud Ilumiltln brings Now Zealand news to Oth Deooom. her.--Tho premier has informed the Chrlietohurh chamber of onmmerce that he had telegraphed to New Boaoth WVloe, for the seoretary to detain the Macgregor, if necessary, to allow the Phmbe to tranship her mails, the company having agreed to colleot maills at the different ports, and tranship from the Phobe at Manaksu; he also Intimated that he did not think it posable to sooure a forltalghtly com munication with England; he dosa not think it oom? puatiblo with the heavy engagements upon which the colony has entered for the San Franolsos service that anything like speolal induoements for a Sues service should be held out.-AssoclIated Press telos grams. KILLED BY A FALLING TREE.—On Thursday an inquest was held on the body of a man found dead in the bush near Murral Bale station near Wagga. From the evidence it appears that the body was identified as that of a man known as George Balk, who was about thirty-five years of age, and had been engaged on Mr. McDonald's station making dams. He was last seen alone on Sunday the 7th instant, and had been engaged in felling timber for the embankment of a dam. On examination of the trees about where the body was found the conclusion was come to that deceased had first cut one pine-tree through, and this in falling had rested on the limb which afterwards killed him. He then appears to have cut another pine-tree to dic lodge the first, and falling in effecting the dislodge ment, had made up his mind to cut down the box- tree—marks of the axe being visible on it—when the limb must have given way. The body had a charred appearance which was accounted for by the fact that a bush-fire had been in the neighbourhood of the body, and the flames must have passed over it. The body of the unfortunate man was in a fearful state, the result of the action of the fire, the examination and handling of the body being a difficult and most painful duty. 