NEW BOOKS. Modem discovery adds daily to the proofs of the far-aeeiDg wisdom of the poet when he wrote — 11 Above, how hich Droeressive lifo may sto! Around, how wide ! how deep extend below! While the telescope sweeps the heavens, and finds worlds undreamed of in the time of Pope, the microscope reveals a continuity and multiplication of life which exalts the dropXri water almost to the dimensions of a world in itself. The depths of ocean were once looked upon as mere sepulchres of effete organisms, incap able of supporting animal life; but the occasional fishing up of corallines, and a beautiful Medusa's head, found by Sir John Ross at the depth of 1,000 fathoms in Baffin's Bay, led to this being questioned, and the Investigations and discoveries made during the laying down and subsequent recovery of the first Atlantic cable left little doubt upon the matter. In 1868 Mr. Wyville Thomson urged the advisability of fitting out a vessel for the express purpose of deep-sea exploration and research. The Admiralty, ever active in the cause of science, placed two vessels at the disposal of that gentleman and Dr. Carpenter, and the result of their discoveries i3 now before us in a book called ' ' The Depths of the Sea ; an Account of the General Results of the Dredging Cruises of H.M.S. Porcupine ana iflgnwun^ aunng we summers ot 1868, 1869, and 1870 ;' by C. Wyviile Thomson, ? LLD., F.G.S., to. There is now no room for doubt as to the life- bearing powers of the ocean deep, and what is very singular the inhabitants of the shallow waters of cold regions are .often found hiding in the sunless , depths of warmer latitudes. A mountain situated in the tropics has been said to be botanically and zoologically an epitome of the world ; for while at its foot the heat-loving plants gather in luxurious profusion, higher up we find the denizens of the temperate climates, and on the top the natives of arctic regions flourish under the snow. It now appears almost certain that in the tropical seas the same peculiarity is to be seen reversed, the lovers of warmth floating near the surface, those unable to bear the heat keeping below, while [on the deep sea, bottom, the sponges, star-fishes, and other specimens of submarine life, are identical with those found in the Arctic seas. Another peculiarity has been ob* served similar to that seen on land. As on the mountain sides the plants tf the plains become dwarfed as they rise, so the inha bitants of temperate shallow waters become dwarfed in the depths of the ocean. In th.e neighbourhood of the Shetland Isles dimi nutive specimens of the Echinus were fished up from the deep water, differing in no respect except size from those four times their size fonnd in the shallow waters off the coast; of Ireland. Mr. Thomson looks upon this as being as truly a 'pony^ form of Echinus, as the Shetland pony is a variety of the horse. It has always been supposed that the depths of the ocean were dark, from the impossibility of the sun's rays penetrating so fat; but from the brilliant colours of the specimens discovered, and the perfect development of the eyes of some of them, it is now imagined that the absence of sunbeams may be com pensated for by the brilliance of the phosphorescence known to be exceedingly abundant in these regions. There is a mosii interesting chapter on the Gulf Stream, and a new theory as to its origin, which, how ever, our space will not enable us to describe/ While we write a new vessel is cruising in deep waters in search of knowledge under the same direction, and the result of the voyaj*e of the Challenger will probably be to bring new facts to light. It can hardly make, more interesting discoveries than its prede cessors. . r ? The life of Sir John Bargoyne,' by his son-in-law, Colonel Wrottesley, is a work of great ability and interest. Sir John was a man who made his own way in the world. An illegitimate son, and left an orphan at the age of 14, he owed his cubsequent education to the generous khidness or the Earl of Derby, who sent him to Eton, where he was Hallam's fag; then to Woolwich, and finally obtained an appointment for him as. Lieutenant iu the Royal Engineers. The Earl would have made him an allow-* ance in money, but this the young man firmly refused. His first military experience was acquired at the siege of Valetta in 1800, when he was but 18, and seven years later we find him Com-' manding Engineer in General Eraser's Expe dition to Egypt, and highly commended in the General's despatches for the part he took in the capture of Alexandria. Unhappily he was soon afterwards disabled, by ophthalmia, and had the mortification of being superseded in his command. But he was soon compensated by finding himself selected by Sir John Moore to command the engineering staff in Portugal— an appointment which led to a brilliant career in the Peninsula. Burgoyne was an able man as well as a gallant soldier — daring in his conceptions, ready as Moltke himself to make use of science and take advantage of improvements — yet calm and prudent. We believe it was General Pasley who trained the first sappers and miners in the British army. Burgoyne, seeing the value of the work, followed in his footsteps, and the General writes to congratulate him upon being 'the officer who trained the first sappers in the British service that ever acted against an enemy.' Yet with all these merits he had the mortification of finding himself passed over, and of seeing men of inferior capacity promoted instead of himself. An engineer was looked down upon by guardsmen and cavalry officers. Burgoyne could not purchase promotion, and he had not the influence necessary to secure it. Neglect and unfair treatment drove him from military service, and in 1831 he accepted the post of Chairman of the Irish Board of Public Works, offered to him by Mr. Edward Stanley. It was not till fifteen years after wards that his worth as a soldier was remem bered. Then soldiers and civilians competed for his services, and from that time his opinion was eagerly sought after. At last he was made a baronet, a Field-Marshal and Constable of the Tower, and he died loaded with honours and respected by aU. His life is one which should be read by every young soldier. He was a generous, genial, yet sharp-sighted man, taking an interest in everything that could benefit mankind as long as he lived. He early recognised the value of the penny-postage scheme, and his earnest sympathy cheered on Sir Rowland Hill in his struggle with self-satisfied offi cials and red-tapism. Sir John's letters uuui uio i/muoa arc cAtreuieiy uiboicsuug, and show the difficulties our officers had to contend with from the fact of the Commis sariat Department having become a mere machine, governed by rules instead of heads, and also from the jealousy and obstructive ness of our French allies. Had his plans been carried out, there is little doubt that the Crimean Wai would have been brought to a speedy end. ' The Memoirs of a Huguenot Family' is a book compiled and translated from the letters of the Fontaines and Maurys, ancestors of the author of the 'Physical Geography of the Sea,' and it includes also the journal and autobiography of one John Fontaine, who escaped from Rochelle after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, and landed at Appledore, near Barnstaple, with eleven others, on December 1, 1685. The Huguenot's English experiences are very interesting. The first thing that struck him was the cheapness of bread. The voyage having been very long — 11 days — the fugitives had run short of supplies, and were very hungry. The people of Appledore gave them halfpenny biscuits, which in France would have cost twopence each. ' It instantly occurred to me, says John, 'that anyone who could buy grain here and ship it to France must realize a large profit; but, alas ! I had no money.' As, however, his betrothed wife, who had landed with him, had with her a gold chain, a pearl necklace, an emerald and a diamond worth five pistoles; while he had a silver watch, a rose diamond, twenty pistoles, and six silver spoons, he ven tured to enter into negotiations with a certain charitable and kind Mr. Donne, who engaged to risk as much as £300 in shipping grain to France and to divide the profits. The ship was sent to a cousin of John Fontaine, and the venture proved suc cessful; and would have been more so but that Louis XIV. got in a cargo of foreign corn at the same time, and ordered all his stock to be sold before that of private indi viduals could be touched. Later shipments did not turn out so well, and then Miss Donne, with £3,000 to her fortune, fell in love with the young French- man, and proposed to marry him, while her brother, 'to remove the difficulty,' offered to marry the young lady to whom M. Fontaine was engaged. M. Fontaine pre tended not to understand English, but on the matter being explained unmistakably ap pealed to his betrothed, who burst into indignant weeping. And so the French lovers were married at the church of Barn- staple, and the kind townspeople sent the young pair meat and poultry and grain for months, and never let them know who it came from. And 'a feather bed and several coverlets' were sent from France, their French friends not be- lieving in English comfort. Fontaine's education and feelings inclined him towards the ministry, but his Protestantism was too strict for the doctrines of the Church of England, which he regarded as too nearly allied to Romanism. He therefore took holy orders from the Protestant Synod assembled at Taunton, and maintained him self by combining the manufacture and sale of French stuffs with the preaching of the pure Gospel ; working away in a little room up stairs, while his wife kept the shop below. He got linens, galoons, thread, needles, and tin and copper wares from the French refugees in Holland very cheap, and soon added the sale of French brandy and Malaga and Alicante raisins. Then the Taunton people rose against him, calling him ' a Jack of all trades, a sharper, a French dog, and a Jesuit in disguise.' Finally, he left Taunton, turned fisherman, and settled on the shores of Bantry Bay, in lreland. There his house was attacked by a French privateer, and his adventures read like a novel. When his sons grew up two of them settled in America, and his daughter, who had married Matthew Maury, another refugee, soon followed them. A lively correspondence was kept up between the two countries, and the letters are now published in America. Fontaine wrote his autobiography for his children, and his naive remarks are very amusing. In the episode of Miss Donne he says that Mr. Donne ' was not nearly so much taken with your dear mother as Miss Donne was with me, which,' he modestly says, 'was most strange!' The whole book is a series of photographic pictures of the times, and the minds of the writers uncon sciously reveal themselves with a truth and distinctness beyond the reach of art. Those who like a light entertaining book with a vein of instruction running through rat it will be charmed by the 'Biogra- phical and Critical Essays' of Mr. Hay-. Evard. It has been epigrammatically said of it that ' it is as full of anecdote as if it were written only to attract, and as full of, knowledge as if it were written only io in struct.' The subjects tare various— historical, biographical, and critical— and not the least interesting is a dissertation on whist. The; following short extract will give some idea of She style of the author, but it is not easy to juote, for his well- chosen anecdotes are so. carefully woven into the text that it is diffi cult to detach them. ' Real whist-players will rarely take sufficient interest in be ginners, however anxious to improve, to be willing to cut in with them before a certain, amount of progress has been made; and a request for information, betraying a want of slemeritary knowledge, might provoke an inswer like Dr. Johnson's to theyoung gentle man who asked him whether. the cat was iviparous or viviparous. Sir, you should read the common books of natural history, md not come to a man of a certain age and jome attainments to ask whether the cat lays eggs.'' ' . The author of 'Cuba with Pen and Pencil' has brought out a new book. 'Santo Domingo, with a Glance at Hayti,' is fresh and lively in spite of the horrors of which we have rather too much in the tiistory of the past. From the time of Columbus almost to the present day this lovely island has been the scene of cruelty ind oppression in their most repulsive term. The inhabitants seem to have lost all hope for the future, and ' What is the good' is the answer to every suggestion of improvement. Once only they seemed to regain hope, when the great negro Toussaint I'Ouverture raised, the standard of freedom; his countrymen rallied round him, and he effected a noble revolution. For a time all went well, and the world was astonished by the spectacle of a black man raised to eminence, and wielding his power with singular wisdom and moderation. But jealousies crept into the camp. Tous Baint, treacherously betrayed, wasted away his life in a French prison. Des salines, a monster of cruelty, took his place, and the Haytiens soon groaned under a tyranny worse than they had known under the French. The Black Republic was an utter failure. St. Domingo is now a sleepy place with a lazy population and but little trade. The women lie in their hammocks and smoke cigars, and the men seem equally idle. Property being insecure no improve ments are made. There are no roads worth mentioning, and the whole island cannot beast of a plough. Yet the soil is rich and fertile. The cotton plant grows into a tree, and wants only a little pruning to yield in abundance cotton equal to the finest in the world. The climate is delicious, and the tropical woods with their gorgeous parasites, the mountain streams, the flowery plains, and the soft distant yaqui peaks towering sublime amid the changeful hues ef the summer sky, unite to form a paradise of beauty. There are no wild beasts, but gaunt and savage hogs haunt the forests and scare the traveller on his lonely way. The rivers are filled with a species of cayman under which the terrapin, a sort of turtle greatly in request, is said to nide. Mr. Hazard tells us that the negro women, who have no fear of the crocodiles, 'gently tickling them on the belly, cause them to turn over and quickly seize the terrapins beneath.' 'Walks in Florence,' by Susan and Joanna Horner, is a book of more interest to those visiting that fine city than to 'stay-at-home travellers' like our selves. It would indeed make an excellent guide-book, for it is full of minute details and carefully-digested information gathered from all sources. The description of the Florentine workhouse is worth noting: — 'The praiseworthy exertions of the Floren tine Municipality have made it a real charity, and the order, cleanliness, aud cheerful, wholesome life within its walls render it worthy of the attention of all interested in the subject of workhouses. No able-bodied man or woman is admitted; work, accord ing to the ability of each individual, is required from all ; a pleasant garden within the cloisters of the old convent is used for their recreation, and a playground is set apart for the young. Boys and girls receive a good education, and workshops are attached to the institutions which supply the means for teaching each child some branch of trade before he is sent out to earn a livelihood.' The headof this establishment is ' an educated gentleman, and heis assisted by a Council.' One feature of Florence formerly remarkable is fast disappearing— the little tabernacles at the corners of the streets containing pictures behind glass coverincs once surrounded by devout wowhippere, and ^before which' a lamp is always burning at night. The limp was added as a protection, and before the days of street lamps it proved so great a benefit that in order to combine economy with the advantage, every . 'criminal who was allowed to escape the galleys was compelled to keep a light burning before one of these tabernacles for the space- of five years.' There is much interesting information re specting the Guilds of Florence which spread their influence so far in former times. We learn that the Guild ofj Apothecaries supplied not merely medicines and medicaments, but actually furnished funerals, so that their patienti were literally taken in and done for. ? .. .- Suddes Dkath.— The Wallaroo paper tells us thafa— 'On Friday, the 20th instant, Police trooper Hurley arrived at Moonta from Yorke Town, bringing the news that Mrs. Thomas Kearos died very suddenly on the 17th, Her husband was siukuig a tank on some land lie had selected, and on her way to it from the hut she was attacked with disease and died almost instantly. She was about 50 years of age. Dr. Herbert, J.P., to whom Police-trooper Hurley reported the case, considered that there was no occasion for an inquest to be held.' ? Fatal Occurrence at thb BtraRAwnia Mures.— Ob Wednesday, June 11, about 5 o'clock, a piece of wood became detached from the brace of the shaft and fell to the bottom, a depth of 20 fathoms, stalking William Williams behind the ear, aud causing that workman's instant death. Immediately a messenger was sent to the nearest J.P., Mr. Anderson, of White's River, who sent him to Mr. Browne, S.M., of Port Lincoln. This gentleman, after reading the letter forwarded by the captain aud making further enquiries of the messenger, decided that it was not necessary to hold an inquest, and gave a certificate for burial. Next day the remains of the deceased were coaveyed to the new Cemetery, followed by all the men employed on the mhie. In the absence of a minister, the Church «f England burial service was read by the Mine Captain. FATAL OCCURRENCE AND INQUEST.—On Mon- day Mrs. Grossman, of Tothill's Creek, was found drowned in a large waterhole about 300 yards from her house. During the afternoon she had been at Mrs. Scheutze's, about a mile away, and was last seen alive when she left that place. Being missed from home in the evening a search was made, and late at night her body was found in the waterhole. An inquest was held on Tuesday, and adjourned until Friday. When all obtainable evidence had been taken and the waterhole and locality inspected by the Jury, a verdict was returned that the deceased ' was found drowned, but whether it was wilfully or accidentally done there was no evidence to show.' Mrs. Grossman was a sister of Mr. Rehder, and leaves a husband and three children.— ' Kapunda Guardian. NEARLY DROWNED. — Regarding a recent occurrence, reported as having happened near Penola, Aldborough J. Davis thus writes to the Watch:— 'Mr. F. J. Packard was the first to enter the water to my assistance, but after some, time was obliged to return to the shore through exhaustion. The Rev. Mr. Marshall then tried, but was not successful, and had to be pulled out with a rope. Meanwhile I made every effort to reach them, but could not on account of the weeds. By the time Mr. Packard and Mr. Marshall, who had gone in a second time together, had returned to shore a raft had been constructed, but they were too much exhausted' by their previous efforts to allow of their going on it, or I am certain they would not Tiave. hesitated a moment. Donald Fitzgerald shortly* after came down and rescued me; as your cor respondent described, but with the assistance of Mr. Forster, who dismcuated in the water 'and helped to drag me out. To those who exerted themselves t' help me, particularly Fitzgerald, \ I cannot find words to express mygratitule; and also of the kindness with which; I was treated at the station I cannot speak too highly.' ?; ACCIDENT.— Henry Hioson, a young man, on - Saturday, June 21, was bringing hay to the. city for Mr. Crossman, and had reached a point , near the New Market Hotel, when he fell from . the top of the load and struck his head against . the shaft of the wagon. His head has been injured, but the extent of the damage has not yet. been ascertained. . Tb e sufferer was re ceived at the Adelaide Hospital on Sunday, the 22nd. ?/»,, . , , BUSHFIRES IN THE NORTHERN TERRITORY.— Mr. Cawthoroe had a telegram from the manager of one of the Companies in which he is inte rested on Friday, June 20, to the effect that the country round him had been burnt, and that the receiver must send feed for the horses as there would be none growing. Mr. Cawthorne is not sure what locality is referred to, and also thinks that the news is insufficient to cause the slightest alarm, owing to the rapidity of the growth of grass asd plants in the North after a fire. Burned Out.— The Border Watch has learnt that Mr. Thomas Searle, a selector on the drained land, had hia dwelling-house burned down on Sunday, June 15. Mr. Searle was absent at the time, and his wife and young family were powerless against the fire, which quickly consumed the building— a thatched one. A lot of stores and seed wheat were consumed. The loss will be severely felt by Searle, who was in struggling circumstances. A Funny Fact. — People who in their reading of Yankee drolleries bad become familiar with the story of the childish old man of 80 years who sat crying on a fence because his father had beaten him for throwing stones at his grand father, were reminded of the incident by a scene that occurred in the City Police Ceurt the other day. A tall, bald-headed, snowy-bearded man was charged with using threatening language, and his still more venerable-looking parent, who appeared to look upon the culprit as an erring child, gave evidence in these words, 'Oh, your Worship, that boy of mine used language painful for a father to hoar from the Up3 of a child. It wa3 awful to hear his language. Oh! (shaking his head at the erring one— a married man), oh, it was awful to hear my boy talk like that: it took ten years off my life. As this patriarch had stated his own age at about 80, whether that, however, was witu the 10 years off is not known. The defendant seemed to be at least 60 year sold. Acknowledgment.— We have received 'from Messrs. J. Howell & Son, the publishers, a copy of a pamphlet which is advertised in our' busi ness columns, and bears the following on its title-page: — ' Incense and Ritualism in the Church of England— their use vindicated by Scripture, tradition, and their necessity; also remarks on the Reformation, reforms still needed, Wesley and the Wesleyaus, the pillar and ground of truth, the Anti-Ritualists. By a South Australian Lay Reader. (The proceeds of sale will be devoted to Church purposes. )' The author has dedicated his work to his brother lay readers and fellow-Churchmen of South Australia, and on the last page of the publication he intimates that as the book has been issued by subscription the whole of the proceeds will be devoted in equal parts to the Christchurch (Yankaiilla) Day School Fund, and the Northern Territory Church Building Fund. The Adelaide Philharmonic Society.— The Governor has consented to become the Patron of the above Society, and has intimated his .inten tion to be present at the concert on Thursday evening. Tbafs-Austraiia.— From Port Augusta,under date June 16, Mr. W. T. Cook, of the Hindmarsh Hotel, Adelaide, the leader of what is known as the Overland Prospecting Party, wrote to us, warning people going by the land route to the Northern Territory not to take the Western track from Clare to Poit Augusta, as he did to his sorrow and cost, but to keep to the mail THI BlWFAlX. — The fallowing tabulated itatemeat shows the quantity of rain that .'ell between 9 a.m. on Friday and the same hour on Saturday at tht undtrmentioned places :— Adelaide... ... 0-115 Mount Barker 0-020 Gawler ? 0-070, Gumeracha ... 0040 Tanunda... ,« 0070 Normanville ... 0025 Kapunda... ... 0040 Port Elliot ... 0-020 Auburn ... ... 0*100 Goolwa ? 0*120 Moonta ? 0*050 McGrath's FJat. 0-120 Clare '... ... 0*120 Robe ...... 0-310 Burra i. ... 1 0*055 Mount Gambier 0*120 Melrose ... .;. 0*040 Penbla ... ... 0*080 BeTHLEHEMEvaNGELICAL l^UT^ERAN PHURCH. ' -On Sun'dav/ Jfcne 22, the -first anniversary of he above Chtireh -was ; cWebfate&''' 'Inj the Doming the Rev!. :B. '.Hotnann' fli&io;'arsid from ? John in. 13-17.'; The iiternoon 'service: was oodaeted in English by ths Rev. £!. G.'Teichel* aann, basing his remarks upon Genesis' jviii 9\. At night Mr. Teichelmann delivered *n . loquest discourse in German upon the first hapter of Ephesians. The attendances were iUmerous. ? '- ?- ???' y Religious Services at thb Theatre Royal, -On Sunday evening^ June 22, the third of a eries of religious services, held at' the Theatre, a Hmdleyrstreet, was numerously attended, ftiere were upon the platform the Revs. C, B. lymes, B.A., Jas. Lyall, aud S. Mead, M. A., Ji.B. Mr. Lyall based an earnest discourse ipon the words H Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou hat kDlest the prophets and stonest them that ire Mnt unto thee, how eften would I have fathered thee together, as a hen g&thereth; her ihickens under iar wings, and ye would not.' Je pointed out in striking language what he cgarded as the fearful oonaequeaces which had attended the hard-heartedness of the Jews of Christ's time, who would not avail themselves -f His gracious invitations. Their sacred city lad fallen before the eagles of tho Roman egons, and their glorious temple had been evelled to the ground. He urged upon his learers the danger of delay, and the desira iflity of a religious decision before it was too Bite, as dire consequences would follow their efcrial. We drew attention last week to the toise made by some unruly boys in the gallery rko disturbed the congregation, but even more loise was heard on the third evening. Serious Case of Stabbing.— A case of delibe- rate and wilful stabbing occurred at Mr. W. Lamb's wine shop, Tarpeena, on Monday night, June 16. During the evening several men assembled there, and amongst them Peter Curtis and William Hayes. These latter had tea together, and appear to have quarrelled, calling each other liars and other offensive epithets. Quiet, however, was restored, and late in the evening the two men were provided with beds in the same room. They went to bed, and shortly afterwards another acrimonious dispute arose between them, in the midst of which Curtis without warning sprang out ot bed, seized a large pocketknife he had in his possession, and stabbed Hayes in the left side. The wounded man cried out for assistance, and several others who were in the house at the time rushed in. Curtis was unceremoniously thrown out of the room, and seems to have taken advantage of this circumstance to abscond, for he was not to be found in a few minutes afterwards. Early on Tuesday morning the police were communicated with, and Dr. Wehl was called to attend, the wounded man. Dr. Wehl found that the blade of the knife penetrated his side between the third and fourth ribs, just above the heart, in- flicting a deep gash an inch or an inch and a half long. Hayes was in a very critical state, and continued so all Tuesday; and it is doubtful whether he will survive the effects of the stab. Sergeant Besley and Police-trooper Orr, who left in the morning in search of Curtis, had not returned to Mount Gambier at a late hour on Tuesday night.— Watch. Mr. D. D. .Daly.— We learn that it is the! ntention of Mr. Daly, with Mr. John Lindsay, nth whom he has gone in partnership, to return it once to the Northern Territory. ? Theatre Royal.— On Saturday a mid day -erfonnance of the pantomine, which has had ;he (for Adelaide) almost unprecedented run of v' fortnight, was given at the Theatre, and attended by a large number of juveniles, to ffhom of course it afforded great delight. In he evening it was repeated to a moderate mdience. It was preceded by the pretty little ;omedy of ' Faint Heart never won Fair Lady,' n which the principal characters were well sus tained by Miss Cooperj Mrs. Roberts, aud Mr. Solloway, who for nearly aa hour kept the ludience much amused by their spirited acting. . Mns. Roberts's; Benefit.— The theatrical season will be closed' this evening by a compli mentary benefit to Mrs. Roberts, net Polly Leake. Fhis lady, who. is! a lively and pleasing actress,' lias, under trying circumstances, contributed jreatly to the success of the :ecent performances, ind apart from the fact that a capital pro pramme is. to be presented, she deserves to have i good house. ' Nine Points of the Law,' the : pantomime burlesque, and a new farce are to be given. The Circdses.— The National and American Circus companies jointly gave a farewell per-, formance in the Exhibition Building on Satur day night, June 21, in aid of the City Hospital funds.' The coldness of the night and the unpleasant aspect of the weather somewhat affected the attendance, which therefore was not so large as from the reputatiouof the troupes and the worthiness of their object might have have expected. We have so frequently referred tothedaringskill, training, andgeneral versatility of Messrs. Bird & Taylor's aud Mr. Burton 8 people that it is unnecessary to lengthily report upon Saturday night's affair. Peculiar and novel feats were gone through with the cus tomary ease, and rewarded with the usual applause. It is understood that one Circus will forthwith leave for Sydney, and the other for India. The Hounds.— We are informed that Mr, A, J. Baker, who is now on a visit to Melbourne, has purchased a pack of hounds. Mr. Baker, we believe, intends returning this week by the Coorong, bringing the harriers with him; so that it is not at aU improbable that there may be a short spin on Saturday next. British-Australian Telegraph Company, Limited.— The numbers of telegrams trans mitted through this Company's cable from Por i Darwin for the week ending Saturday, June 21, were:— Sent from the* Sent to the Colonies. Colonies. South Australia ... ... 11 . . 5 Victoria ... ? 43 50 NTew South Wales ... 32, 25 Queensland ... ... 3 3 rasmania ... ... ... — —'.'. New Zealand ... ... 7 4 Totals... ... ... 96 87 Grand total, 183. Patent Blasting Powder.— In giving an account recently of certain experiments which were made at Moonta Mines with the Victorian safety blasting powder, we mentioned that there was a probability of the manufacture of the article being started here, and now a prospectus of the undertaking appears in the business columns of tho Register. It is stated that tho compound can be made at two-thirds of the selling price of the Imported article, while the colonial combustible is stronger, is safe in transit and use, will pot explode except when confined, does not ignite by friction, is not injured by damp, produces little smoke or smell, and does not scatter fragments in blasting. The expense needed for the purchase of land and erection of the needed buildings is £600, Full particulars regarding the proposed capital and the payments to the patentees of the powder appear in the advertisement, where also are given testimonies as to the value of tha combus tible. Tempebancb. — The Excelsior Temperance Society held their half-yearly festival on June 20\. There were upwards of 400 members present, with about 800 friends. At 2 o'clock the town members met at the Pulteney-street 6choolroom, and marched, under the superin* tendence of the Vice-President, Mr. Bolitho, to meet the Norwood members, who had assembled at the house of Mr. Brown, their President. After having met on Bartols-road the two companies marched to the schoolroom headed by the fife and drum band, which greatly enlivened the proceedings. Nest, going by way of Pulceney-street and North- terrace, they visited the Botanic Garden, and after passing along several of the principal paths the party left the grounds for the East Park Lands, oppo site Prince Alfred College, where foot races, twos and threes, kiss-in-the- ring, &c;, were engaged in, with other games. At the school room tea was provided, and at 7 p.m. the Rev. Mr. Jenkin presided. The Chairman greatlv amused the audience during the evening with addresses. Songs, gleea, and recitations given by members were applauded, especially the soBg, ' Her bright smile haunts me still,' by a lady; a duet by two ladies; and a recitation, ' Pat's Mistake,' by a gentleman. A reading by a friend was much appreciated, as were diraolviDg views shown by Mr. Headdy. ; 