The Week "HERALD" ALMANACK.—We regret that in our Almanack for 1873, the name of Mr. Alfred Hawes Stone, should have been accidently omitted from the list of justices of the peace of the colony. THE G. B. Peake, barque, which was bought at auction in Fremantle some monthd ago by Mr. J. H. Monger, and taken round to Melbourne by Captain Robinson, has been sold by auction in that Port where she fetched £2,400. The puchasers intend her for whaling purposes. . NEW APPOINTMENTS.—Tuesday's Government Gazette contains a notification to the effect that His Honor the Judge of Her Majesty's Vice-Admiralty Court has, with the approval of His Excellency, under the provisions of the "Vice Admiralty Courts Act, 1863," appointed Rowley Cro zier Loftie, Esq., to be Registrar, and Wil liam Henry Knight Esq., to be Marshal of the said Conrt. FATAL ACCIDENT.—A melancholy and fatal accident occurred at the Murray on the last day of the old year. A young girl, about thirteen years of age, named Barbara Bates went down to the river to bathe, and, going out of her depth, was drowned. Her body was discovered shortly afterwards, but life was extinct. This is the first accident of the kind we have yet heard of during the present bathing season, and we trust it may prove a warning to those of our youthful readers who are in the habit of indulging in the luxury of a bathe who have not acquired the act of swimming. OUR COMMON JURIES.—With our contemporary the Inquirer we are of opinion that that palladium of a Briton's liberties, trial by jury, would be none the worse for a little furbishing up. How is it that cases involving life and liberty are tried by persons of the most humble class, and of the lowest degree of intelligence, while the jurors empannelled to try questions involving pro- perty are invariably taken from the special list? We should also like to know why some qualified persons are never summoned, while others make their appearance at the Supreme Court-house regularly twice a year. Perhaps the good luck of some and the ill-luck of others are mere coincidences. AN article, entitled "Western Aus- tralian Justice," and bearing upon the action of the government here in the suspension of Mr. Landor and the entire case of Mr. Bur- ges has appeared in the South Australian Register. This article says bitter things but true; but we will "let the dead past bury its dead." We think that we are best con- sulting the feelings of the gentleman most concerned, of him who lay under unmerited blame and disgrace for the months which intervened between the arbitrary act which suspended him on a futile charge and the time when the decision of the Secretary for the Colonies was known in the matter, by declining to rip open old wounds. For this reason only, have we omitted to reprint the article in question. A PRIVATE telegram from England addressed to Mr. Lochée, informs us that the sentence of five years penal servitude passed upon Mr. L. C. Burges for the manslaughter of an aborigine at Hooley's Well, has been commuted by the Home Authorities to one of imprisonment for one year. This action has been taken by the Secretary for the colonies on the view he has taken of this remarkable case from its as- pect simply in connection with what he had learned of it from Mr. Landor's affair. Here is another instance of the opinion entertained by Lord Kimberly of Governor Weld's system of administration. Probably the numerously signed petition in favor of M. Burges will be presented to His Exceliency without delay and result in a further alleviation of his sentence. MORE CHRISTY MINSTRELSY.—The metropolitan musical company known as the Minstrels of the West, are busily rehearsing for another concert to be given at an early date in the Town Hall, Perth, a con- cert which, we understand, bids fair to be one of the very best entertainments ever given in that building. The first part of the programme will consist of selections from Rossini, Verdi, Billini, and other first-class composers, and in this portion of the enter- tainment the minstrels will be assisted by a number of ladies and gentlemen of well- known musical tastes and talent. In the second part the music will be entirely of that Ethiopian school of which Christy is the high master. The fact that the proceeds of the concert are to be devoted to the augmen- tation of the fund being raised by the min- strels for the purchase of a first-class piano for presentation to the City Council for the use of the Town Hall, is another and very strong reason why there should be a specially good attendance at the approaching concert. BOVINE.—We have all heard of, if we have not all seen, a bull in a china shop, but the opportunity rarely occurs of record- ing the freaks of a cow in a bakery. We hear that one visited a baker's shop in Perth the other day, and, proceeding up to the counter commenced to feed ravenously on the staff of life, to the great delight of a crowd of youngsters on the opposite side of the street, who watched the proceedings. When the proprietor was made acquainted with the impudent intrusion of his bovine visitor, he ran fast and furious to the scene of opera- tions, and there, to his great morbification, saw the quadruped making a sumptuous feast on his bread. How to expel her was the question next conisidered; and this was no easy matter to solve, as the place was narrow, with a lot of perishable goods strewn about. The animal, however, was so satis- fied with the nature and quality of her feed, that she allowed her horn to be taken, and was led out as quietly as if she had been a regular customer at the shop for years. A MOST deplorable occurrence, but one which the lamentable death of Mr. Newman had rendered invitable, has taken place. Simply owing to the perseverance, energy, and industry of the deceased has the firm of Carter & Co., been enabled during several years past to stem the stream of ad- verse circumstances. Heavy losses in trade, failures in foreign speculations, the partial failure of crops for several seasons, combined with large life charges upon the business, had so undermined the large business struc- ture. whose various departments were pre- sided over by Mr. Newman, that it was only his strong hand and cool head that kept it from falling. His support once taken away the building was bound to totter and fall. The beginning of the end has come. Mr. Bartram the present head of the firm has appealed to the Court of Bankruptcy for protection, against the proceedings of some of the creditors. A meeting of the creditors of the firm was held in Fremantle on Tues- day last, when it was decided that "another meeting to take into conside- ration the affairs of the house, is to beheld next Wednesday. The liabilities of the firm of Carter & Co., are at present es- timated at about £24,000,—less considerably than might have been expected. WEATHEROLOGY.—Although our old friend the Clerk of the Weather has been in a more amiable mood during the last day or two than he was when we last chronicled his vagaries, the weather during the week has been hot to a decidedly uncomfortable degree. One or two days were very warm, hot, frightfully hot, roasting, broiling, frizzling hot. The only comfort we Fre- mantleites have in this weather is in the pleasing reflection that hot and uncomfort- able as it is here, it is hotter and.more uncomfortable at Perth, and still hotter and more uncomfortable up the country, where the natural heat of the weather is intensified by the smothering heat of raging bush-fires. An ingenious friend of ours has begun to indicate the heat by the number of times a day that he has to change his collars. Last week, he says, the weather attained a "three-collar heat." The idea may not be a brilliant one, but we give it for what it is worth. For ourselves we are inclined to join in with the poet who sang:— Oh, for a lodge in a garden of cucumbers! Oh, for an iceberg or two to control! Oh, for a vale which at mid-day the dew cumbers! Oh, for a pleasure trip up to the Pole! Oh, for a little one-story thermometer, With nothing but zeros all ranged in a row; Oh. for a big double- barrelled hydrometer To measure the moisture that rolls from my brow! Oh, that 'this cold world' were twenty times colder, (That's irony-red-hot, it seemeth tome); Oh, for a turn of its dreadful cold-shoulder; Oh what a comfort an ague would be! ALBANY SUNDAY SCHOOL TREAT.— On the 8th January, about 80 children at- tached to St. John's Sunday School, as- sembled at the church in the forenoon—and after prayer, and the singing of a hymn, proceeded to the residence of Sir Thomas C. Campbell, Bart. who had kindly lent his grounds for the occasion. The procession however, first marched with flags flying, to the Court house, headed by Mr. Mills kindly playing the music, and accompanied by their clergyman and teachers. Sir Thomas and his visitor Mr. Barlee received the happy band, and the merriment of the day was opened by the former gentleman playing on his organ, and the teachers and children singing the 228 hymn of "Hymns A. and M." A rush to the swings, and a free use of the skipping rope, with various other games then took place. We were pleased to see our worthy Colonial Secretary and several other visitors sharing and aiding in the amusement of the children. The sudden appearance on the grounds of a number of the black natives— ornamented with paint and feathers, and carrying branches of the gum tree (remind- ing us in this respect of the Maroons of Jamaica) created a little diversity. Refresh- ments were freely partaken of by the chil- dren, both at one and 5 o'clock in the after- noon. The ample and varied excellent edibles, tea and ginger beer provided for them, reflected great credit on the caterers, Mr. and Mrs. Harris. The latter part of the day, Mrs. Barlee, Mr. and Mrs. Hare, Mrs. Luke Leake, Lady Campbell and other ladies and several gentlemen graced the lively scene. The arrival of the Melbourne steamer brought the festival to an earlier termination than was desired by some. After tea, Mrs. Barlee kindly distributed the prizes, the clergyman, at her desire, presenting each candidate in a few words descriptive of the child's conduct and character. The National Hymn being sung, Sir Thomas again presiding at the Organ, the venerable Mr. Erimmer, who seemed to have renewed his youth throughout the joyous day, sprightly stepped forward into the centre of the lawn and flung right and left a tin of sugar plums among the scrambling children. There was but one regret on this happy oc- casion, and this was the unavoidable absence of Mr. Gillam, church warden and superin- tendant of the Sunday school. We are very much "surprised to learn" that our local High Priest of the Goddess Cloacina, otherwise and more vulgarly yclept the Inspector of Nuisances, has made a public appearance "after the style of Sir John Coleridge." Exaggerated perhaps as our opinion has hitherto been of his abilities, we did never go to the lengths of ascribing to the High Priest talents so distinguished and of the same genus as those possessed by Britain's most distinguished forensic orator. But waiving or conceding, whichever the High Priest prefers, this point, we will en- deavor to answer categorically his categoric questions. First then, if we had any res- pect for the opinion of the Board of Health at Westminister, particularly when that opinion is twisted to apply to matters West Australian, we should be surprised to learn that that sapient Board "recommended the necessary chemical ingredients to be added in order to give fresh water the properties of fresh." It is an open question, the way our interrogator puts the matter to us, whether or no the water so prepared is used for internal consumption by the unhappy denizens of the purlieus of Westminister. We should not be surprised to hear of any extraordiary eccentricity, in all points at variance with the laws of decency and com- mon sense perpetrated by the Westminister Board of Health or any other local London Board, whose average of stupidity is far in excess of that of even any of our Colonial Town Councils. We are not at all surprised to learn that "Mr. John Thomas is far from being averse to watering the streets;" but we know, of our own knowledge that that gentleman is very much averse to salt instead of fresh water being used for that purpose. He has an idea, which he asserts to be borne out by practical experi- once, that the salt water used in Fremantle for dust-laying "imparts a claminess to the atmosphere" which is transferred to the human eperdermis. We are, we will admit, somewhat surprised to learn that the watering cart, although orignally constructed for, and used as, a soil cart, has not been employed on its wholesome night duty for nine months. Judging from its appearance, and the plea- sant effluvium which, emanating from it, once greeted our nostrils, we should have thought it had been so employed at a more recent date, However, we are liable, though rarely, to err, and we grieve to have imputed to the watering cart an offence of which that humble minister was guiltless. "Finally" we are not at all surprised to hear that our High Priest never reads the Herald without having a bottle of chloride of zinc at his elbow, Considering the miasmatic nature of the locality which his residence graces, and the length of time that its surroundings were pervaded by pools of stagnant water, we should not be surprised to learn that he found it expedient to in inhale an atmosphere of disinfectants. We never in- sinuated, far less asserted, that our High Priest neglected his duties, one of the most important of which is to read the Herald carefully. We may have occasionally, in the cause of the public health, pointed out disagreeable duties which are undischarged, yet which ought to devolve upon somebody ; and if all our hygienic suggestions were car- ried out the High Priest would have no oc- casion to keep his bottle of Chloride of Zinc at his elbow, when he is reading the Herald or any other of his favorite periodicals. We would, in parting, suggest to him that a large choice of disinfectants is to be found, among which chloride of Lime has more powerfully preventive qualities than the deodoriser of his choice, and that the next time he passes certain obloxious corners he should carry a bottle with, for fear lest his valuable life might be shortened by the inhalation of poisonous stenches. 