AGRICULTURAL AND PASTORAL INTELLIGENCE. The weather during the last few days has been cool and showery, but the rainfall has not been heavy enough to do the crops harm or materially to retard harvesting operations. Our Learmonth correspondent writes:—" The hay harvest may be said-to have ter minated, and to . the satisfaction of many who have been agreeably disappointed.. Heaping has com menced, but will not be in full swing until the new year. The hot weather has shrivelled up to some ex tent the light wheat, but still there are some crops which have stood the test; the yields, however, cannot approach the quantity anticipated. Most of the barley has been also cut and escaped injury. Potato and other root crops are suffering from drought. From a letter received from a friend at Natte YaUock. it ap pears that the harvest in that district is far in advance of ours here, as reaping will now be finished and. threshing commenced by the 29th instant. The crops were only cutting off light in that neighborhood, though the ears are well filled and will be a good sample. Men were scarce. Reviewing the past year, with all the changeable weather, the threatened second advent of locusts, concerning Which now there is no talk, and other evils to which the farmer is heir, I think there is not' much reason for grumbling, if such can be avoided.” The Bacchus Marsh Express says:—“ Reaping has been going on all the week in the neighborhood of Bacchus Marsh. The barley is considered a fair crop, and there are some good pieces of wheat, but on the whole the harvest will be a poor one. Great complaints are made of the locusts at tacking the grain, even in the stooks, but they have not swept over the country in clouds as they did last year.” The Geelong Advertiser by its Bellarine cor respondent saysS—“ Harvesting is progressing very rapidly in this district, and if this dry weather con tinues all the crops will be very soon in. Some of the farmers complain that the wheat is ripening too fast, and not filling out properly; others again say that they will have fair crops, and: others that they really have very good—in fact never better—so that, gene rally speaking, we may consider that there will be fair returns. There can be no doubt but that it has been a speudid season for the hay, and if it is not well made this season it never will be. Most -of it is stacked and thatched. The pea crop and late potatoes will be nearly a-complete failure for want of rain. Most of the early potatoes have been taken to market, and the" vendors seem satisfied with the prices they have-realised. Mr B. Lyons has a very fine sample on some land of his, on the Geelong road.” The Daylesford Mercury says:—“A deficiency of moisture- when it was most required to fill out the oats has not only stunted the stalk but arrested the development of the ear, and the intense heat of the week before last’hah' in most instances prematurely ripened the wheat. Moreover, in some places a grub or worm has tapped the roots of the wheat, aud let out the vital juices,, so that while the ear is fair to look at outside, the interior .of the, husk is dry as a Dead Sea apple. At one timo.it seemed as it. the farmers this year would escapejjthe ravages:.of, the locusts, hut the pests are now abroad in millions, and ere long their wings will be sufficiently, matured to enable them to emigrate as they did lasCTummer from one side of the colony to the other. AlrJSVdy many farmers have out their oats to save them L fmm the jaws of the destroyer; and there is a prevalent opinion' that even the wheat crop would-not have been safe had it not been fit to cut earlier.than usual. In- the, meantime all the tender herbage is disappearing before the insatiable insects,, the earth being in some parts swept as bare Tsf gross as if-a-fierce bush-fire had swept over the country-- And although the cereals will escape the innumerable hosts of these creatures, it is to be feared, should' the summer be dry—and there is every appearance: of a long drought—that stock will severely suffer, from want of feed. -The clover whichCour farmers "have, begun 'to: scatter over the areas reserved for pasturage, is'preferred, by .the locusts to 'all other--herbage., -Wherever any of this succulent food ' exists;'all' other kinds are neglected tillit is , 'exhausted. The in sects then fall back upon the next most tender plant, and- when, -everything^green l .is ;devoured they-will.uot disdain the toughest vegetable matter.” The Pleasant Crech News From; aU, parts of the: district we'hear good'aoepunts of :the , wheat crop. Thebats as a rule do-hot-promise well,, but in some places near Avoea,.-the appearances are; very fay ofable. -In. the neighborhood of St. Arnaud, the specie are exceptionally good, as' far as wheat is con* cerned, and the same, may be said of all the.crops near ■ Pleasant Creek.” The Horsham correspondent of the | News writes;—“ On some farms the wheat crops are i ou *‘ aad the hay. is stacked. -1 have heard somejf armers say that the late hot winds-ripened : the crops before , the grain was fairly'filled 'out, but, upon the whole, -they cannot complain.’V Of. the Goulbura Valley bar*; t'eat the Nagdmbic Chronitk says;—" I’ko yields of. the diOerfent fcereajs dre likely; oil the Whole; to bb dp ■~d. the averitgo; O.ur farnieiTi; lieirc'/er; in the idtetval •between expectation and realisation are b'e pween hope and fear as to the exact yield, and are not inclined to give, pny pronounced’opinion, as to the outcome. . So far as we have.Been!able to,ascertain,• Toolamba bids fair to top the tree as to oats; - while there are several, splendid looking crops of grain lead-- iug to andinthiaidisti’ltit.. ” . ! ~ The Pounds Act 1874 ” has Keen passed, ahdco'tribs t f® rd^ on . upon-the Ist dajr of ' jamlary, 1874, ; Tlie Pounds Act oflged *;ui then,. K 0 repealed; ex cepting as to anything which may- haVe beeli ddiri menced under the provisions of the latter act. The Governor in Council mayestablish or abolish any pound, not: within -any.municipality, but those within any municipality will be, under the jurisdiction of the oopncil of that body,, arid the. same authority refers to tUepppoidtirienl or- dismissal of ‘poundkcepersi all pounakeepers iVili; under the new act, be paid by salaries. All fees; received by a poundkeeper : a : municipaUty.wUl ,belong to the ! municipal fund, but if received outside a municipality wilt form? part of the consolidated revenue. ; The sustenance fees and trespass rates vary, of course, according to the desaription of the oattje .trespassing arid the land tres is,,®? Upon; the hiinimuid ohafge appears td be one l .farthing forsheep; and prie.penriy for etery 6ther_head Of cattle.-j -Entire horses and bulls are, .very properly noticed with a five pound flue; ClaiEe 14 is ail ini: .portantunei—i'Bxoept goatsj pigs, entire horses; billU-' Digrams, no cattle.shall be.liable to be impounded by any person for trespass if the owner of the cattle, his: agent or overseer, be resident within five milesofthe place trespassed upon, until forty-eight" hours after notice .to remove the said cattle shall have been given, unless the land trespassed upon be under tillage,' and • enclosed with a-aubstantial fence; ;or, that the cattle •l. v ?,. been f .°und trespassing a second ’time .within trtelve months;” Clause 13 leaves an opening for: “OSe who , have . no" , objection to raise funds in adoubtfuL mariner:—“.The ’ occupier.pf-" any" land trespassed on by cattle- may, whether-such cattle be liable to be impounded or not, restore the same to the owner thereof arid in such case such occupier may demand and In" Case of non-payment may recover in a summary way," &c.;, ( Sic.'. No rates dr damages for trespass are payable to or recoverable by any person ini respect to the trespass of any cattle, but -ho may “ impound or detain such; cattle for upwards of throe dpys.rin any place not 'being; a "pound meaning of.the act.”. , The;occupier of’any landjhnd': a Crown'Lands,bailiff: upon-Crown land, may destroy, .or cause to bo destroyed,- any goats, dr pigs,'or 1 geese 1 trespassing on such land,; arid if, the carcases arejriot' removed by the owner, the occupier can. bury them. Occupiers may impound off; adjoining roads., ; The -penal clauses for,offences committed' by po'undkeepcrs, are of the usual character and not more severe - than' is| necessary, nor are" those : ’which refer 1 to’owners rescuing or interfering with cattle when in’charge of poundkeeper, &c.; . ; .POLICE. " ; ; Sebastojol.—Wednesday,. 24th December, before Mr Gaunt, P.M,,, the Mayor, and Mr Thomas Bray, ■ J-P.—Borough Council; v William Morgan, rates, 10s; same v John Brady, rates; 7s 6d; samo-v Mary Shan uah.m, rates, 18s 9d; same v Patrick O’Keeffe, rates, 11s ,3d; order for,amount and Sscpsts in eaehhoase. Charles Cleaver v David Cpghliiri, fraud summons, 52 12s 8d; order for 5s per week, or fourteen days’im prisonment.- Police v Gregory Spear, jiuiior, thro;v-' ing stones, &o;, on 20th inst;;’ fined 51 and 5s bostsj or fourt'eeri days’ imprisonment: Borough Council v James Qarvan, rates, ,7s 6d; order for amount and 5s costs. ■ ■ Scaksdale.—Wednesday,. 24th December, before Mr J. ‘G; Taylor,-P.M.;'.and Mr Alex. MWitty, ex mayor.—Johnson v Wilson, 5l Ips, goods; 30s had been paid into court; order for the balance, besides the amount paid into court, and 3s coats. Wallis v- Rougiers, for illegal detention of four pairs of scissors,, which had been givento the 'defendant, to grind.' i It; appeared that there had been great. warfare through the non-delivery of the articles. Eventually- the de fendant, returned them by flinging them over the .hedge to the complainant;. case dismissed. A grocer’s license was. granted to Messrs W. and A. Young, Scarsdale. Renewals of- publicans’ licenses -were granted as fpUows:—To Mr J. S. Lilley, North Britain' hotel, Staffordshire Reef; Mr Jamies Taylor, Washing ton ■ hotel,. -Browns; Mrs Anne Dalveen, Scarsdale hotel,’ Scarsdale; Mr Wm. Hamilton, Hamilton’s hotel, - Newtown; Mr Hugh LaVery, Golden' Stream hotel, 'Newtown;,,Mr G. Goodwin, Goodwin's Red Lion -hotel, Scarsdale; Mrs Mary Anne Dinneny, ’ Free mason’s hotel, Scarsdale;' Mr r T. Narrell, Farrell’s Club , hotel, Scarsdale; Mr E. Barrett, Grey Horse hotel; Scarsdale; Mr C. Miller, Royal Exchango.hotel, Scarsdale; Mr Fred. Parkinson,; Black Hill hotel, Black Hill; and Mr. P.; Kane, Brownsvale hotel, Brownsvale. ;: 