HOLIDAY RAMBLES. A TRIP TO CAPE OTWAY. (by our travelling photographer). There are three routes by which tourists may reach Cape Ofcway over land, the first by way of Birregurra, Loutit Bay, and Apollo Bay; the second from. Colac to wards the outlet of the Joanna, both of which are more difficult to tra verse than the third, ?which I selected, by way of Camperdown, Cobden, and the Gellibrand river. In giving the following minute description of the track, I have been promp ted by a desire to assist any tourists in search of the picturesque that they may find their ?way through a rather diffi cult but nevertheless most interesting part of our colony : — Twelve months ago I left Mel bourne by first train for (Joelong, arriving there at half-past eight a.m., I and at nine a.m. started for Camperdown in the so-called little Cobb's coach. The owner and driver of this comfort able and easy convey ance is a most popular man on that road; he is timnallman with .sma/uneans, drives a. wiaWcoach with smrcMhorses at umall profits to himself, and manages to keep up an opposition to the groat Cobb anil Co.'s Company. The morning after my arrival at Camperdown, I took a walk up to Mount TiCtira, a grand old extinct volcano, with a deep sunken crater ; from the top of Lenra is a fine view of the town and surrounding country and lakes. In the afternoon I went to Tandarook station with Dr. Curdie, J.P. The country surrounding Tandarook is also of a volcanic character ; fertile flats coyored by a drift of lava surrounding the high land, basaltic rocks hero and there, and hills with sunken craters. On the high-lying land I found some peculiar little round pebble-like brown stones, which either cover the surface or are one or two inches below it. After some showers of rain the sky cleared up, and I started OUR ATSTTRT. OUR ATSTTRT. with Dr. Curdie ? in his buggy at noon from Tanda rook for the coast, a distance of thir ty-threo miles, arriving at Glen ample at nine o'clock p.m. The track leads through grass tree plains, inter Bected by bolts of timber, mostly of the stringy bark species (Eucalyp tus obliqua). The track or road is only about ten feet broad, and made very good for the greater part over these grass-tree flats by drainage. The belts of timber afford an agree able change, as the track through them is lined on both sides with a dense mass of varied ' shrubs, THE HEltMITAGE, NEAR GLENAMPLE. THE HEltMITAGE, NEAR GLENAMPLE. amongst which the myrtle-leaved acacias are the most prominent (Acacia myrtifolia). Ap proaching the coast the road becomes bad ; nothing has been done to it , the tracks are greatly cut up by dray traffic, and boggy places abound. The coast here is formed by grassy and heathy downs bordered by high limestone cliffs which are much broken and distorted, the sea having made heavy inroads upon the shore and washed large portions away, leaving here and there pillars 01 most iantastiu snapes ana iorms. standing oacK irom the present shore on one place, about 300 yards inland, is a large hole into which the sea-water rushes underground. This is called the blow-hole, and forms our sixth illustration. With every few hundred yards the coast is dotted t,y rocky points reaching far out into the sea in pillars, arches, caves and tunnels. The charaoter of these may be seen in our second to seventh illustrations. . Glenample Station comprises the coast land between the Gellibrand River and Port Campbell. ? Along the banks of a small creek which empties itself into Port Campbell are a few selections made under the present Land Act. I wonder how the selectors will arrange to make a living there, the land being poor and great portions of it very scrubby ; however, some appear to live in hopes that Port Campbell will, ? sooner, or. later, become a shipping ELEPHANT HOOKS, NEAR THE SHEBBROOKE. ELEPHANT HOOKS, NEAR THE SHEBBROOKE. place, about which I feel rather doubtful myself, as there would, at least for the present, be very little inducement for any vessel to call. To an observer from the shore the port appears to have a good channel, but, as it faces the south, any vessel entering it would probably stand the chance of being hlown ashore during a south- westerly gale and never get out again. Near the Gellibrand, on the western side of the river, on rising ground and separated from the sea by cliffs and sand-hummocks, is the township called Princetown, up to the present similar to the town of Eden, in Martin Chuzzlewit, beautifully marked on the Government map, but in reality not in existence. I was driven in a buggy through this town, and when my kind companion informed me that we were actually in Princetown, I saw nothing but very unprincely sheooak trees (Casuarina), through, which the wind blew with 'a mournful sound. About a mile from, the locale of Princetown, between it and the homestead of Glenample, on purchased land, are two nice summer residences belonging to gentlemen from the Camperdown district, pleasant retreats during the summer months from the heat and dust of town, enjoys the luxury of the sea-air and sea-bathing ; and 1 wonder that others have not followed the example of these two gentlemen by occupying allotments of Princetownv for summer residences and villas. We passed through the unoccupied township, which has not even its publichouse, blacksmith's shop and store as yet, and drove over its suburban allotments down a gentle slope' on to the Gellibrand. Reaching a small creek which meanders through the Gellibrand flat, and near its junction with the Gellibrand River, I found an intelligent young man, Mr. James Olliver, waiting for me with his little boat, the Explorer, to take me up the river to tho residence of his parents, wnicn is on the other side of the Gellibrand, about three miles from the mouth of the river along the coast, or about six miles going up tho river. Mr. Olliver's place is tho last residence on tho west sido of Cape Otway, and about thirty five miles from it. I enjoyed tho trip up tho Gellibrand in tho Explorer, a narrow boat IS feet long by 2 feet 0 inches wide, and expressly built for this stream ; the boat was light and so easily managed. The river winds about (and what river is there in Australia which is not winding?) through the open GLBXAJiri.1, CAVES. GLBXAJiri.1, CAVES. flats and past sand hummocks near the coast, as if loth to leave it, ana for about three miles is of considerable width, over 200 feet, and .deep, with the excep tion of its outlet, where it is a very narrow but rapid stream, and a little above this widens largely, forming a very good ford over a solid sand bottom. About three miles ? from its mouth the river narrows very much, and the average width is from 30 to 40 feet. The banks are lined with splendid old and knotty blackwood trees, which are all more or less of a leaning disposition, overhanging the stream and forming, through the branches closing in at tho top, a succession of lovely bowers, but also in many places obstructing tho river. Many of these trees, through the effects of time and floods, have had to succumb, and from fine, lovely, shading trees have turned into nasty and disagreeable snags lodging in tho bed of the stream, and stretching out of the water their skeleton limbs. The sources of the Gellibrand River are at Mount Sabine, a peak of 2000 feet elevation in the great dividing ranges, and fifteen miles from Apollo Bay. At first the river takes its course direct away from the coast north of the dividing ranges ; thence north of the Black ranges, and afterwards west of the Latrobe ranges, entering the sea at Point Ronald ; thus encircling all the rivers which flow south of the dividing ranges between Apollo Bay and Point Ronald. Leaving Mr. O.'s station and the Gellibrand River, I had the pleasure of the company of Mr. O. and son for a part of the way. Both were riding and kindly carried my luggage on their horses ; I preferred to walk, and found that I could go on faster than they could manage with their horses. For the first three miles and a half we had open undulating heath country, remaining in sight of the ocean, and following a dray road leading into the forest. When entering the forest my companions remarked that I was in for it now, as for the next twenty miles I should see nothing but trees and scrub. About a mile and a half we followed still the dray road, which terminated at a saw-pit. Near it, and to the left of the road, the track turns off; blazes on the trees only indicate the direc- tion we have to travel. Tomahawk in hand, I took now the lead through a dense under- growth of scrub from six to eight feet high; chiefly of the Goodenia ovata, which is a very pretty flowering plant when in a single shrub, but here, in such a dense mass, I did not like it. Worse than the Goodenias were the prickly mimosas, or the prickly moses as they are termed by bushmen, the Acacia verticillata. We wore ascending now one of the spurs of the main dividing ranges ; the trees at first were chiefly the stringy bark, or Eucalyptus obliqua, but gradually we came into a mountain forest of blue gums (Eucalyptus globulus), mountain ash (Eucalyptus amygdalina), large silver wattles (Acaciadecurrens), and other trees, such as are generally found in mountain forests. In Victoria it is only in the Cape Otway ranges that the Eucalyptus globulus occurs in large numbers. Many of the trees are ARCHED BLUFF, NEAR THE SHERBROOKE. BLOW HOLE, NEAR THE SHERBOOKE. lofty, but none as tall as they are to be found in other moun- tain parts of Victoria. The track, not at all plain on the ground and winding so much, is rather difficult to follow, especially where the scrub had been burnt by bushfires, where trees, saplings and dry sticks are lying in all directions. Marked with larger and more recent blazes, a track turns off to the right leading to the coast in the direction of Lions Headland. This track was made about two years ago by a man who had taken the most singular notion to plant Chris- tianity in the wild region which had only been frequented formerly by the aborigines, whose spirits still haunt the ranges ! Singular as this no- tion may be, I am told that he began his planting of Christi- anity with the more practical planting of potatoes and tur- nips ; that he lived almost in blackfellow fashion in a little mia-mia, affording from one side only shelter against rain and wind. It is even doubtful whether he ever had or used there any cooking utensils. One day when fishing from the cliffs he was thrown by one of the large breakers off the rocks, and got his leg broken in two places. He managed to reach his camp, but lay there help- less, and for thirty-three days had to live on raw potatoes and turnips ; his sufferings becoming unbearable, he crawled the three miles along this track to the junction of the Cape Otway track, and, fortunately, the same day some people coming from the Cape were able to take him on their horses to Glenample, and from thence he was conveyed to the hospital. From the hospital he returned convalescent once more to his place, and remained only for a short time to eat the rest of his potatoes and turnips, but abandoned his original plan of planting Christianity there. The next place of any note is Froggies' Hole, a hole caused by the uprooting of a large tree and which is full of water and inha- bited by a large family of frogs. Froggies' Hole is about six miles from the place where the forest track commences. The next two miles beyond to the Ferntree Gully were more diffi- cult to traverse ; saplings had to be cleared out of the way, large trees had fallen across the old track, and we had to make fresh tracks to get round them with our horses. At the Fern- tree Gully we found very good water, and rested for half-an-hour, and then I parted from my two companions, who returned home. Tho Ferntree Gully is not so pretty as those of Gippsland and in the Dandenong ranges. With ' some difficulty I crossed, but tho crossing-place must be dangerous for a rider, as the ground is very boggy ; the track beyond is exceedingly muddy, in some places winding through large patches of Lepidospermas. This rush grows in large tufts of six feet in height, and has sharp-edged leavesjwhich inflict cuts on the skin like a knife, of which C'ArE OTWAY CAVE. C'ArE OTWAY CAVE. I received ample proof on this occasion. Du ring a smart shower of rain I took shelter under my little tent ; the rain lasted long enough to make it af terwards disagreeable walking through the scrub ; the ferns and rushes were very libe ral in imparting to me tho late blessings from the sky, and every small tree I could not avoid touching sent mo a showerbath. What a relief when, about four miles beyond the Ferntreo Gully, the path I had followed merged into a broad clear track, wide: enough for a dray to pass along, and affording to , mo sufficient, elbow-room. This trauk, as I learned afterwards, has been cleared' by the geological survoyors about so ven years ago, and leads from Colac to tho coast near tho outlet of the Joanna ; unfortunately the scrub has grown up so much- sinco that only small portions ...havo remained clear. These scrubby portions aro tho worst of any to traverse all the way between tho Gollibrand and Capo Otway.. I followed now in the direction towards tho coast ono of tho spurn of tho divide ; in tho scrubby places the path on tho ground is. only from 12 to 18 inches broad, leading through a dense junglo, 10 feet high, of 'prickly moses ' affectionately grown into eaclu other. The next six miles, though nearly always down hill, took mo about four hours to walk. Within a milo and a half from, the soa I came down tho left-hand side of tho leading range, and for tho first time saw tho Joanna. Many Joannas I havo seen in my timo, but none delighted mo more than tho sight of this one, a beautiful .mountain stream, with wator as cold as ice and elenr as crystal (lowing rapidly over a line gravelly ami bright sandy bed, tho banks studded on both sides with (ino specimens of tho DioitRonin. fern-trees. After walking. for. about half-an-hour. along the banks of the river and underneath tho arches formed by tho. . lovely fronds of the fern- trees, I.reaphoil again open grassy ground: only separated from tho seabenoh by a, chain of hummocks. Away from'sorub and logs, on slightly sloping ground overgrown simply with, short turfy grass and within easy distance from water, . I selectod my camp and .pitched my little triangular tent. Close to my camping placo from .one of tho hummocks, 1 watched tho glorious sunset — such a grand* sight, which I novor like to neglect to- witness whoa at soa or near tho soa-shoro. Night came on soon ; it was. oho of those clear pleasant and still nights wo so frequently might enjoy in our salubrious semi-tropical clime. _ Notwith standing tho fatiguo from tho day's journey 1 had no inclination for sleep, but remained for some hours near my little camp-fire, pondering over tho scenes of the last few days. Gradually the mind would wander further back to recall fresh to memory scenes and moments of former years. At last I felt lonely, oh, so lonely ! Not a sound but that caused by the unceasingly rolling waves. My companions during tho day — the thrushes, who delighted me with their sweet varied notes, along with tho other little feathered songsters — had long sought their nests j tho flowers had closed, and night had thrown its veil over them to hide all from view ; no sign of life anywhero around me. At lost from a distant tree proceeded a sound I had heard so often when camped ? in the bush — it was the night carol of the native bear ; once started he kept it up for a long time. I was pleased, and thanked God for this, for 1 did not feel lonely any longer. As night advanced I noticed other signs of living objects around. From a far distance the mopoke — tho Australian cuckoo of tho night — made himself heard, and little' bandicoots came close up to my tent as if to see who was intruding upon their grounds. Watching the last few dying embers of my camp fire, not caring to keep it up any longer, I took off my coat, which I used in plaoe of a blanket, and retiring to my tent committed myself to tho caro of Him who watches over all. . Many nights I have spent in tho Australian bush camped in different ways and in various places, near tne seashore and in forests, upon mountains or near waterfalls, and on tho banks of creeks or rivers ; alone or in company, I always enjoyed it ; but man's disposition changes, and though ho may havo been fond of raw turnips in his younger days, why should ho not prefer to have them cooked when ho gets old ? So with tho discomforts of camp life : they are no pleasure to mo any longer, and I always prefer a comfortable bed when I can get it. My resting-place on tho turf of , the Joanna was hard, and the air became very chilly towards morning. Not withstanding this, I slept tolerably well until my f eatheredfriends awakened me rather early with their ' Willy, willy, willy, ' and 'what, what,' or their ' ' hik — hak — huk — kuk kuk, hik — kak — huk — kukkuk.' Sufficiently re freshed, I resumed my journey, taking the near est way over the lowest gap between the hum mocks on to a fine sandy beach ; the Joanna runs in two separate branches, about a quarter of a mile apart, into the sea. For a mile and a half I could walk along the beach, when, after having crossed the second or the Juittie Joanna, ana approacning ooiu cliffs, I followed a small track winding up a steep hill on the eastern side of a gully leading through a portion of Eucalypti jungle, over a little grasstree flat, on to a cattle camp on high ground, under a group of drooping sheoak trees (Casuarina quadn valvis). Here I got puzzled ; cattle tracks in all directions, but which one to follow ? As there were no more blazed trees after quitting the forest, near the Joanna, I took the plainest one running parallel with the coast, crossing again another grass tree flat and into a small forest with a dense undergrowth of scrub. After proceeding along a little distance the track branched, and I made direct for the coast. For four hours X worked hard, but in vain, to penetrate the scrub; nearly exhausted, I had to givnit up, and returned to the cattle camp, resting there for several hours. At four o clock in the afternoon, resuming my search, I found that after passing the Casua^na trees I should have turned almost in a right angle towards the sea ; the track, getting plainer and leading down a point near Rotten Point and' around Castle Cove, soon brought me m STALACTITE CAVE, NEAR CAPE OTWAY. STALACTITE CAVE, NEAR CAPE OTWAY. l'ALLS ON THE I'ARKEB. l'ALLS ON THE I'ARKEB. night of open pasture land. From a promi nent point I buhclil a pleasing view : to the right the vase oceau ; to tho lel'b the valley of tho river Aire, with its ilats and lagoons, and between both undulating grass hills with a few Casuarina aud Bauksia trees on the top3. 1 kept to the left of tho hills between the_ high ground and a swampy Hat. Ab a little distance before me 1 noticed a small log hut with a thatehed roof, and, better still, smoke issuing from tho chimney. Approaching the hut a man came out, and my 'Good evening, sir,' was replied to with a 'Halloa, is it you V' Of course it was, though I. tlo uot know that we ever met before. Tho hut is .seldom used, perhaps unly in time of cattle mustering or when fences havo to be repaired, i was thus for tunate to find two men occupying it ; both received me in the true and hearby style of bushmen ; they had jusb Jinishcd their tea, but pannikins, tin plates, and catables_ were atill on the table, and a billy with tea in the lireplace. 1 was invited to make myself at home, partake of wliat they could oiler, and accept of a shake-down. I tried to do ample justice to all. My hosts had then horses x'eady to go a iishing to the Aire, river, which had abundance of fish, and I Boon was left sole possessor of the hut. At what time they returned I do not know, as 1 slept very sound, but awaking the next morning I found a good breakfast of fried iish ready for me. Both men kindly ac companied mo 'with their horses to see mo safe across the Aire, as the river was not closed up, and the crossing dangerous for any one not knowing the place. A boat is kepb on the river, but is generally on the Cape Otway side of the stream. After getting safe through the Aire I had a plain path leading up to high coastland and, near the coast, always in sight of the ocean to Gape Ob way. The first place I came to was the homestead of the Capo Otw.ay cattle station. This place is so hidden by hum mocks that 1 did not sec it until I was almost, close at the door, and I believe the good people in it were taken equally by. sur- prise. A mile further on, past the light house, and the residences of the Government men employed in the lighthouse, I reached my place of destination, the telegraph, sta tion at Capo Obway. The gentleman in ohargo of the Capo Obway telegraph station, a kind and most courteous go vernment officer, had been previously informed of my intended visit, and, in his place I found a most hearty and kind reception, and I must say I soon felt quite at home and past cares were quickly for gotten ; indeed my visit at Capo Otway will form one of the pleasant reminiscences of my life in Australia. The telegraph Btation is built on a prominent point near the Cape Cliff, a little to tho east of it, and is ISO feet above the sea lovel. Tho lighthouse is a round tower (50 feet high, built on tho top of Cape Obway cliffs ; ib exhibits :i revolving light, formed by 22 lamps with large vellcctors, and kepb in motion by a clockwork which requires winding about every four hours. The light house keeper is the oldest resident at the Vay o, having been thereof or twenty-four years. L'ayter's Hill, which has been named in honor of Mr. ,1. Payter, the assistant mana ger of teleqraphs, forms tho trigonometrical .station at the Cape, and from its tojD is a splendid view of tho telegraph station, the lighthouse, and other Government buildings, with tho oceau as a background. The pre cipitous cliffs about Cape Obway and of the Capo are all very picturosquo and afford splendid studies for artisbs. In the Capo llock is a large cave over three hundred yards long, containing large quantities of seals, guano, and a great number of skeletons. Close to the Cape Hock is a fine stalactito cave with the most grotesque forms of crys tals in it. A large double cave represents from the front the appearance of a two storied building minus tho front wall. These caves appear in our sixth and seventh illustrations. ? Three miles and a half east of Cape Obway is the Parker Inlet, the place where once a year tho stores for Cape Otway aro lauded. No vessel could land there, and in bringing the stores in boats on shore they havo frequent losses by the boats getting upset. It is here where the iirst Tasmanian cable was Landed about twelve years ago ;? portions of the cable aro still buried in the sand. Two, splendid waterfalls occur on the Parker, within two miles and a half from the sea. One, 'of them appears'in our last illustra tion. In a few. days. I made a fine collection of a large variety of beautiful marine algre near the cliffs, and many fossils can be obtained from the fossil .rocks. The inhabitants of the Cape all take interest in collecting, aud I wonder at their, patience and porseveranco in collecting such a large number of tho most minute specimens of conchology. When. I was at ..Cape Otway there was a groat wantpf postal accommodation, the in convenience, of which I experienced myself during.^ny stay. The postal town is Cam perdown, a place eighty miles distant from the Cape, .whence and whither letters and papers have to bo conveyed by any private person wjio perchance may happen to travel from one place to, the other — which docs not occur .veryifrequently j the consequence is that the .inhabitants of Civpo Otway are almost shut ;6ff from communication with the rest of ,tho ; /world,' 'and important Govern ment ?corresponde'nce.Ka^^to bo entrusted to comparative strangers, ,'anjd which, with all duo respect to ?their 'honesty, is liable 'to remain forgotten tu .ttieir pockets, lia stead of being much gater in a! mail bftg. Things, havo improved in this, , rpspeot since I 'wrote this,' -mail. , conimu^cition having been opened via ApoUo B^y *to , Capo Obway. 