DISASTROUS BUSH.FIRES." PORT VICTOR, PEdisqj.BB IS. TFrora our. own Correspondent, ] ? ' Anfost disastrous fire' occurred hear heroto«: day, by which a number of farmers are severe, losers. , The" fire started near -to, Mr. N; Joy's - land, on the Yankalilla-road," and" the'liot yrind; which was blowing soon carried it-through his land, burning nearly.all his' crop. : .Ittlien-got-. on to Mr. W. Newland's paddocks, and although a number of men went from here and worked hard, there was no staying its- course. Iii many - places the wind carried the fire GO yards; a-head, lighting the tops G.f the trees.. About two acres of Mr. Kewlahd's wheatj ad his grass (except the:' house paddock); and most of his fencing are destroyed; ' Altogether about dour miles are burnt. The. wheat was only saved by the great exertions -. of those working. The flames rushed along towards Mr. Watson's, and unfortunately went right'through his wheat, burning the whole of a very flue crop. The devouring element then continued ita course past Mr. K llobinson's,rwhose house h id a very narrow escape. The wind still blew furiously, and the fire hurried on, sweeping1 before it fences and pasture, until it reached the beach at Fncounter Bay. I-have not been able to ascertain particulars of all losses; but the chief sufferers are Mr.' N. Joy, who has most of his crop burnt; Mr. Newton,-come of his crop and all his fences destroyed; Mr. Vose, the greater part of crop and fences; Mr. New land, all his grass paddocks and fences,, his house at Glenbrook, with stables, yards, pig styes, &c.;, and also some sheep ;' Mr. Watson; the whole of his wheat,- estimated at 700 bushels; Mr. .Tugwell, fences and grass pad docks, also two horsesinj ured—one very severely, v These are particulars, as far as fI can learn at present. Nearly all the men left the port, and the exertions of some were something amazing. Several were thoroughly exhausted, working. ..from. 9 o'clock till 5. Great sympathy is felt for the sufferers. Mr. Newland's, house, in, which he resides, had a very narrow escape, the fire coming within 20 yards of it. ' 7; , "WELLINGTON, Decembsb 13. [From our own Correspondent.] ; "When I wrote last I-was in; hopes it would be a long time before I should have to, send an account of any more bush fires, but my hope was fallacious. Last Monday a fire broke out about Lake Albert, and continued during Tues-' day and Wednesday through a large portion of Messrs. Bowman's Poltallock Estate, burning, I hear, some 30. miles of grass country, j We at Wellington were visited towards nightfall on Tuesday. with as furious a, storm as. I have known for years. It was accompanied by:very strong forked • lightning. Half the ropf was, blown off: the East Wellington Schoolhouse; several sheets:of'iron were wrenched off the, roof of Mr. Douglas's store and the roof of the Wellington. Inn.: As for. the trees,, they, were scattered about in all directions, some of them; split up like matchwood. Still we were not.at the end of our troubles. About 10 o'clock off Wednesday morning a fire broke out in one of: Mr." Hughts's paddocks,. about six miles from: here. .A party .were soon .at the place; .hut< could not stop a large portion of the grass and. fencing from being consumed,.. About"; ;2joklock in the afternoon the -flames were nearly .got under, when "another fire was seen to break ont in the adjoining paddock,; about "a mile distant, bus by great exertions the two.fires were made to join, and by nightfall were subdued. • Surely" we have" had enough of bush fires-iff this dis trict for this "season. I . The Parkside Literary Association's entertainment'at; Glenelg, on Monday evening, the 15 th" inst.,-was a success as regards the" performances, " but in a money point of view was deficient. Mr. R. Wyman was in the chair.. Misses Uarlton and King were, as visual, loudly^ applauded: in their various, productions;" Messrs.. Leane and Mars ton; wore very-amusing in comic songs, ie. Mr. Gordfln Jameson was voci ferously encored :in "'The—'Water: Fiend," ,an; extravagar-z-vin character. The soiree Was con-: eluded with the farce of:, "D'ye know me now," Mr, GordonJameson, taking the principal character, Nogo .Trumps the others; being filled.by Messrs. MsrstopiOLeaire, and J. Lud low. . " God/Save .the: Queen" concluded the proce«diugs at a few minutes past 10 o'clock; .■:! A Correspondent," who; Tor '..some j years - past has had pinole or les^'kcijhaintanfy: with' mi-iiig/matfers, writesi'as follows respecting reefing-'affaifs- in: .thei"Northern Territory There seems'to be a'tte'ru'>le collapse in share business as far. as relates to Northern Territory stock. ' .But from ;the",best information! I can obtain it' appears' thef'panic is being carriedraa. much to an extreme as ivas the previous 'excite-' ment. 'While there e'an' be no doubt the Ade laide" public" have' been swindled to a consider able extent, if;, is equally certain that there fs a large amount "of exceedingly rich gold-reef country in tEe" Northern Territory, and this must eventually become;very profitable to those who have the- pluck, patience, .and:;means""td h Id on to .their shares. . The reports rfeqt ived within the last few days from some of tlie prin cipal reefs are very' cheering, and some' of the Companies.have a considerable amount of quartz ready for crushing. It is highly probable that I coolie labor".will bo found necessary for the con tinuous working of the reefs, but in the mean time I should not advise those who hold shares in Companies not actually known | to be "swindles" to sacrifice thein on account of-a depression which is likely to prove only tem porary. In .the course of a day or two more detailed information in reference to some of the Northern Territory reefs will probably b'e made public. Oe'r the mountain's dizzy height, ? ; Rushing with resistless might, s.--> In a Bheet of dazzling white—- - Reflect in g rays of quivering light, i Beyond the hues of. rainbow bright, > . ; ; -; In truth a grand and glorious sight « BafHing all description quite— I - ... Dash the falls of Yo-se'-mite. j ;r; Three thousand feet 1—or nearly so, j 0f From oliff above to lake below, ' InJoam. that mocks tho driven snow, ! In three.descents thqao torrents go . j (Tho world has. not the like to show) ; ; . Then the peaceful waters flow, With many abend; meandering slow Wner3 mammoth cedars thickly grow. I A hundred feet! the enormous girth, ; Of these.giant sonB: of mother earth; j ; Their, topmost boughs against the sky, j Four hundred feet go.towering high 1 ■ , Their pyramids of living green, * Add beauty to the impressive scene, '" ; .. ■ From-these falls, and valley .famed, A beauteous fabric has been niined; Like the jfoam qf.the fylis.it is.pazzlihg white, Like brightest, of - satin it. gleams- on the sight,. And more exquisite far than gem set in gold, Is beauty arrayed.in its soft, Bnowy fold.; •In a. climate like piyr^, -so.-yarm and sol bright, What fabric so cool,.so charming-tq sight- - - As the beautifuHablic called " Yo-se-mite : A Or: where can a .larger assortment-be seen Of quality—pattorn, orxh^aper J ween,' Than 13. offered for saie. by'-.Northmore and • Dean- i . .. p.s;.. ; i-jio Som-yfolka l lmow,who claim ®to;be travellers, -(As a matter of course inclinedJto be cavillers,'1 Like those in . the fable—whp swore that the hue, ' / - Of the reptiio ehamelion was black, green, and blue); Yo-semity, Say the people who. live-in that changing. vicinity . ' Frououncc it to rhyme- exaotly with " dimity," This is all very well, but it does not follow hence .— That's "pofck " like I should forego my licence, When a rhymer like Byron (inferior by far) .... Says the waters of ocean impartially mar The Armada'a pride andepoils. of '-Fraf-al-gqr'," Whilst Bibden (f think), says, in a nautical lay, '."Xwaa in QrafaV-gqr's Bay, we saw the Frenchmen lay Which proves beyond the "pqwer fif disputation That poicks," \vrapped in'inapiration, .. Soorh the tsamiuela sf pronunciation, .- .do : 