EVENTS OF THE MONTH. Ok Christmas eie, the Wallaroo Band was stationed in tlie square, and played some li rely music iu very good style. Tlxe square was. promenaded by a good many persons, who i -ere evidently pleased that in the town the strain s of | martial music should be hoard. An important discovery of ore is announced at the Whenljames, weighing 1 cyrt. having bzen taken out of the shaft where mundic lias so 1 >ug been found. Subsequently a fine rock of yellow ore lias been raised at Cowling's shaft. The Challa is also said to present favourable indica tions. A fatal accident occurred on the Moonta Mines, on .Friday, Dec. 19, as a tributor, nan ed R. Roach, was at work at the 85 fm. level, bet wc en Taylor and Waterliouse's shaft, a rock fell fr< im one of the walls, knocked him down, and crushed him severely. He was attended by Drs. Todmi n, and Dickie, who at once prouounced that he h ad received severe internal injury. The suffe] ?r lingered till three o'clock on Monday morning, when he died. Ok Sunday, Dec. 21, anniversary services' in connection with the Primitive Methodist Chun h, Port Wallaroo, took placo, when a sermon was preached in the morning, by the Kev. E. Maatc r man, and in the afternoon, and evening, by t le Her. S. Wellington. There was a large congjje- ' gation on each occasion, and the choir render >d same appropriate music, in a very pleasing manner. Oa Christmas day, the annual t» meeting will take place, to be followed by a pub] ic meeting in the evening. The large-tank that has just been completed >n' the Moonta Mines, is now ready for the recepti »n of water, the first shower that may come. A little was let Into it last week during the rain, a id although it was found not to precolate throui ;h the bottom, a determination was arrived at to put in conorete in order to render assurance doubly Bare. This was done, and now, when the tank Bhall be filled it will hold enough to supply the population' on the mines for many months. It is about eighty yards long by fifty broad, and about five feet in depth. The water is to be let into it in channels of various depths, and as the water rises above these, they will be closed by sluice' gates. j The Directors of the G-reat Britain Mining (to. have contracted with Mr T, E. Heath, of Port Wallaroo, to put up their new engine, and the work will be commenced this week. The engi ne is at the Port, and will be carted straight to f he shaft. IfisW wheat is coming very freely into Eadiha, from Green's Plains and the surrounding agricul tural district. Up to the 13th inst., over 5,(00 bushels had been received at the Steam Hill of Mr Kimber, and on Monday and Tuesday, th :re were a large number of drays in the town. 1 'he reports to hand aro that the crops are turn eg out very well, and the above facts would seem to bo evidonce of this, as they also are of the import ance the agricultural element is attaining to in the district. AH accident happened on Monday to a tjian named W. H. Crouch, in the employ o£ Messrs Dean and Laughton. There was a cattle sale at the yards of Messrs Parnell and Bowman, wh^n a bollock rushed at him, and gored him with horn in the groin. The wound is a nasty one, the man complains of great pain from.a bruisi i on his stomach caused by the bullock's head. W hat injury may result from this cannot yet be sta ;ed. Dr Sholl was at once in attendance upon him has continued to be so. Ma H. Kent Hughes, M.P., has been succ ful in carrying through Parliament a motion £500 to be paid to the Corporation of Moonta, for the purpnse of constructing a main load through the town of Moonta. The Governn ienj suggested the insertion of the words in themoi ion, that the money should be paid to the Corj ora tion. ~W% observe a very neat building recently up by the Superintendent of the Wallaroo Doora Mines, at the township of Pittenween , to fee «?ed as a Church of England, and a sol ool house. The old schoolhouse was becoming small, either for service on Sunday, or for as a school in the day, in consequence of th i in crease of population, so Messrs Bower &, Coi re ceived instructions to put up the new one which I yjU l)e infinitely po^mgdiqug airing the hot weather. The building is entirely of wo<j>d. The Jury in the Woolcock poisoning |c.ase handed to His Ho.nor, Mr Justice Wearipd, on Friday, a document, positively denying tuo (State ment made that they arrived at their verdicp by the process known as" shaking in the hat. 'piey describe the statement as a scandalous apd ane but nd ess for put and too use foul Iil»el on the administration of justice, and prayed that the Kapunda, Herald and the Mirror may bo prosecuted for making it. His Honor pro mised to forward the document to the Attorney General who, he hoped, would take action upon it. The Mirror, in addition to an article posi tively making the statement, had a cartoon, repre . Ben ting the operations in the Jury room. Opening services in connection with the newly erected Wesleyan Churcli, on tne Yelta Mines, were held on Sunday, Dec. 14, .when a sermon • was preached, in the morning by the Her. Mr Kelly, of Kadina, and in the afternoon and even ing by the Rev. Mr Edmeades, of Willuuga, to large and overflowing congregations on cach occasion—in the evening particularly so, an open air service, conducted by Mr Bishop, of the Moonta MineB, being necesssary. The Moon la Mines choir rendered able assistance at «ich service. On Monday, there wsb a tra meeting, followed by a public meeting, presided ovfcr by Mr Jolly, sen., of the Moonta Mines. Interesting and instructive addresses were delivered, and proceedings were brought to a close in the usual manner. Thb question of a water supply on the Penin sula is at present engaging serious attention. At: the mines, as we have intimated, there is at pre- ! sent a (joo;l stock, and no fears are entertained of scarcity. At Kadina there is plenty at the Govern menUanks. At Moonta, where the Government tanks have been allowed to go out of repair there i® a serious, scarcity, and a gentleman who was recently there tolls us that there is a difficulty in getting a bucket full of water for a horse in many places. At Port Wallaroo there is abundance, although at some private houses the supply is exhausted. The Trustees of the Government tanks have, we understand, sold four tanks, and possibly they may have somewhat exceeded their powers by thus doing, but they have still two large tanks in hand at which they can sell water at 3d to 4d per cask. Also there are large private tanks in the town with sufficient water in them for the consumption of the whole town for months. This being the case it appears to us the trustees of the tanks, who have had an unpaid, thankless, and costly task, are justified in doing the best they can with the property placed under their control The receipts from the tanks would not cover the cost of placing persons in charge of them, and whilst they sell water at 3d to 4d per cask there can be no complaint of monopoly. They have to recollect that there are seasons when the revenue from the tanks is but a mere trifleand if there were to be a fall of rain now they would bo able to sell none at all. The idea of selling the tanks is simply that persons may lake charge of J them on the heance of getting a small profit. In the House of Assembly, on .Wednesday, Mr J. J. Duncan moved for a vote of £1,000, to wards supplementing any sum that might be raised by private subscriptions towards building an Institute on the Moonta Mines. The hori. member mention«d that already £800 had been promised, and probably £600 additional would be raised, consequently, he hoped that at some future time he might be iu a position to ask the House to request a still further sum for the same purpose. We scarcely need say that the motion was carried. To us it is in the highest degree gratifying to note the progress that is being made in the numerously populated and important mining townships on the Peninsula, iu assist ing to deVeiope the nient&l; capacities of the people thereon. It has often been our. lot to allude to the excellent Beading Boom on the Wallaroo Mines, containing a roll of subscribers greater than there is to be found in that of the South Australian Institute, in Adelaide, and as well supplied with periodical lillrature. This Institution, it is only right to remark, has not yet received one penny of Government money in any form or way whatever. It represents the munifi cence of the mine owners and the public spirit of the population residing on the miues. The storv of the Moonta Institute is easily told. The Directors gave a cheque for about £800 in the first instance, and nearly that sum will be raised by the Committee. All honor to the Directors, for bo wisely and so well expending a portion of the profits realized from their magnificent pro perty. We very much hope that Air -Duncan may be in a position to ask the House for a fur ther grant, s6 we fully believe will be the case. And in respect to other mutters, .there is a .word to be said for the mining townships. The system of education-wanted, prevailing in the metropolis, is a standing disgrace compared with that on the mines, where every boy before he can obtain employment has to produce his schoolmaster's certificate, and where a capital education is pro vided at a nominal cost. Both the Legislative Couucil and the Assembly might come to the Peninsula, learn what in America, would be termed a " tall" lessor. A G-SNriiESEAir who recently travelled has along the Darling Downs Railway, in Queensland, and who is well qualified to pass an opinion, has given us an opinion respecting the narrow guage, that 'causes us to somewhat modify our views on this question. He says the engines there work- beauti fully, that the carriages are nearly as comfortable as any he ever, sat in, and that the oscillation is scarcely greater than that on the broad guage of the Great Western Line when it was in use. There is a very heayy rise between Ipswich and Warwick, and this has to be overcome by con siderable curves, iu order that the engine wheels may bite upon the rails; but he speaks very highly of the line, and the rolling stock employed upon it. He also added that, the Government, after spending many thousands of pounds on surveys of the line, at last went by the old bul lock dray route, finding that to be the most pre ferable. If this be So, and we are able to speak confidently on the subject, if the Engineer-in Chief manages the business properly, of which we cannot have t'uo slightest doubt, the Kadina and Port Wakefield narrow guage line may be of great utility to the district. A meeting- of members of the Port Wallaroo Institute Committee, was held on Thursday evening, the 18th iuBt., J. Harvey, Esq., J.P., in the chair. Great approval was expressed of the work of the contractors, Messrs Eisfelder and Tyley, and their account was passed for payment. It was then resolved that the building, with the j library, should be insured for £1,500, and that ' the rent of the hall should be 30s per night, to performers using it, with the piano, "15s per night e^tr^. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, brought proceedings to a close. The Rev. J. Lyall, the esteemed pastor of the Flinders Street Presbyterian Church, Adelaide, being about to leave ,for England, on account of his declining health, in order that he might tfy if the voyage there and back would be he.u^ecjial to him, was met op Tuesdt^ by his friends' at a fyrpwfsll gathering, anc| a p^se 8a 6d was presented to hitn. Suitable speeches riiade on. the occasion by various gentlemen, %nd( {q these Mr Lyall appropriately fppljed, ii\ its issyo*of the 4th inst., con grqtulates the Legislative Council upon having in respect to the Kadina and Port Wakefield Rail way "disregarded the bad example of.the Assembly and dealt with this question of railway construc tion in an intelligible and eelf-consistenfe We think it is well the public should know what such bosh and bunkum means. A gentleman on the Peninsula was communicated with, by tele gram, from a person in authority, asking who ho would recommend to be summoned to town to give evidence re the Poit WakeSold and Kiidina Railway, Ho returned the names o£ four gentle men, and, of course, not one of tlieih.. was sum moned. We confess to having been mistaken in our view of the subject. Members of the Council told us one tliii.g, and then, we are bound to pre sume that with the best intent, they did exactly to the contrary. Simply hostile witnesses were summoned to the inquiry, the names of those who were presumed to be favorable were, after official inquiry had been made, purposely omitted, and the result is the recommendation of a scheme that is simply a waste of public money. This is only in accordance with the usual treatment of the Peninsula. On Tuesday, December 2, the children attend ing the school of the Sisters of St. Joseph, Port Wallaroo, were examined by the Rev. Mr Kennedy, and S. Marshall, Esq. The various classes acquitted themselves with great credit, .proving by the ready manner in which they answered questions in geography, grammar, history, &c.;, that no pains had been spared in grounding them in the rudiments of a sound English education. About 150 children are enrolled on the books, and of this number an average of About 120 regularly attend. The following is the order of examination and distri bution of prizes ;—Fourth Class—Beading, writ ing. cyphering, spelling, grammar, geography and English History—Charles Nieholis, Catherine Liddy, »nd Katy Hitchcock, received first prizes; Julia Broderick, 'Margaret Welsh nnd Maggie Willis being awarded second prizes. Third Class—For general proficiency in the branches in which they' were examined. Geo. Gepp got first prize ; J. Fitzgerald, Charlotte Gepp, Ellen Purvis, and Maryanne Goodfellow taking second prizes. Second Class, 2nd division —Ernest Bollmeyer, and Maryanne Bock, first prizes ; Ellen Enright and Matilda O'Shannassy being allotted second prizes. Second Class, let division—James Goodfellow, August Bock, and Martha Purvis carried off first prizes ; and Jas. Pine, Susan Bock, and Theresa Martin second prizes. All the junior classes went through their facings in capital.style, and concluded by singing a few hymns in a yery nice manner. There was also on view some specimens of fancy needle-work executed by the pupils for the forthcoming bazaar that would do credit to girls of maturer years ; and too much eulogy cannot be bestowed upon the ladies, under whose careful and able super vision the school has attained its present satis factory condition. The stranded ■ schooner Adelaide was floated on Thursday morning, at about half past two o'clock, by Mr Lowen, jun., who has had the management of the undertaking. Throughout the day she made but little water; and should the weather be favorable, there can be little or no question of her reaching Port Adelaide in safety. She is to be towed round by the Kangaroo, s.s., which will leave this afternoon. The labor of towing her will, it is expected, give the steamer a longer passage of about twelve hours. A gentleman, who has recently been iu Clare, informs us that the place will be as a de serted village, during the week that the All-Eng land Eleven will be on the Peninsula. A gentleman who has recently been in Melbourne also informs us the Coorong, s.s., by which it is expected the famous Eleven will come round will be crowded, many persons from Ballarat, Sandhnrst and Castlemaine, being not only anxious to visit the famous mining district where the Moonta -and Wallaroo Mines are located, but also to see the plucky little mining, district that has "belled" the metropolitan " cat." On Wednesday. Dec. 3, the annual treat in connection with the Chuich of England School, at Had inn, took place. There are now about seventy-two children on the roll, and of thp°° ■ less than* sixty-two-put m an appearance, as also did many of their relations and friends. In the morning, the children, accompanied by their teachers to the number of aiiout ten, were driven in waggonettes, from the handsome new Parson age, to the site appointed—known as Picnic Gully. A start was effected by midday, and everything that was requisite for refreshing the inner man was on the ground. The Eev. F. Hocter presided at the sports, and suitable and pleasing presents were giyen to the young people who most distinguished themselves. Various prizes were distributed ; aud in the evening, all returned quite safely, after having passed a most enjoyable day," The weather was warm, but not uncomfortably so. ' The Treasurer stated in the Assembly, on Thursday, that it was not his intention to seek fresh borrowing powers for money with which to construct the Northern Railway Lines. He thought that till the House should meet again in April he should be able to manage without. In the House of Assembly, on Wednesday, the Kadina and Port Wakefield Railway Bill, as spoilt by the Council, was agreed to. In. , fact, there was no way for members of the Assembly to do but to agree, at this period of the session, with the vagaries of the members of the other Chamber. Otherwise, the Bill would have beea lost. The weather has been hot on the Peninsula lately, but not worse than elsewhere. The Mel roBe correspondent of the Register wrote in the early part of the week that the thermometer was 102 in the shade and every day bushfires were breaking out, necessitating volunteers to turn out and keep them down. This is bad for the begin ning of summer. At Port Augusta, the ther mometer stood at 108 in the shade and 152 in the sun. The event of the day on Friday, at Port Wal laroo, was the arrival of the Albert William, direct from London, chartered by Messrs Drew Bros of Maouta with an assorted cargo, j, portion of which is on account of Messrs Bower & Co. The Albert William is a yery smart iron barque, and but for having been detained three weeks since passing Cape Leuwin she would have made a fast, passage. As it is she may be called 94 days out as the master let go his anchor ou Thursday night off the Tipara Lightship and then catne up with a fair breeze on Friday morning. When sighted he ran up a signal for a pilot and the Harbor Master, Mr Carson, at once went off to her. As she lias some gunpowder on board she will lay off for a day or two till this is dis charged, and then she will take the berth to be vacated by the liadina this evening or to-mor row. A well attended and interesting meetiy.g of the Committee of the Yorke's Peninsula Aborigi nal Mission, was held in tV\e Baptist Church, Moonta, ou Wednesday, the 10th inst. The Rev. W. J. Kulm wrote regretting his inability to be present §t the meeting. He informed the Com mittee that a large number of natives were camped about the station and weie seeking to entice away eonie of the older boys for the purpose of com pelling them to undergo oertain heathen rites. Undo* thege circumstances Mr Kuhn felt it abso lutely necessary to remain at the station for the protection of his pupils, and the preservation of order generally. The Secretary reported the pro ceeds of the season's wool clip to be £317 18s 5d i In the abeence of Mr Kuhn the matter, of payment of regular wages to the »h\? bjOjJ^d natives at the station was held fOf future consideration. An animate ^yer^tioji took pfcea respecting i tho $p.&r;&,tijons. of the Mission^ aqej measure of w^csj} achieved up to the present. With a view of increasing the ejScjeaey and extending the UBe fulness of Institution it was decided that a Sob-Committee be appointed to visit the station ancVhring up a full report at the next quarterly meeting. " A grand concert, in aid of the (^thioire Church Harmonian Fund, took lii&fi;&sfa; Wombat Hotel, on Wednesday Deo. 10, and the Hall was oro.vx^eri io. suffocation. Mrs Anson kindly presided at the piano,' and accompanied the W»°uys pieces in excellent style. .Mi's Critchely, Laufkotter rendered lift WiSNi* ; - pieces entrusted to them very nicely and gained l wjLl-merited applause. Mr Dounglly was very ■ good and our old friend, Mr W- Ward gave i " dreams of youth " in exquisite taste. Mr Sym- • > pson is a capital comic, and his quack, doctor in i character was loudly encored. .Messrs O'Mealley ■ Carson and Watte, were very good in a eence from Ion. Mr D. Garson gave a recitation, and as wo have before remarked this gentleman has a decided genius for the stage. lather Cleary returned thanks in a few appropriate remarks, and God save the Queen sang by the whole of the company brought a very pleasing concert to a finale. On Sunday, December 7, anniversary services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church, on the Moonta Mines, took place when three eloquent sermons were preached by the Rev; J. S. Williams, of Strathalbyn. On Monday there was a well attended tea meeting, and-subsequently - a capital public meeting, Capt. Hancock in the chair. The Bev. Mr Masterman submitted a •very promising report, which shewed that the proceeds of the anniversary would eiqeed £100. Addresses were delivered by the Revs/ J. Inoyd, J. Graham, and J. 8. Williams ; and the choir which was in attendance rendered some pleasing music. The Bev. Mr Graham announced that ifc was intended to enlarge the Church by|lengtliening it, and putting a gallery around it.- We also understand that a new Primitive Methodist Church will shortly be erected at Moonta and at the Yelta. Also the Church at the Cross Bo&da; is to be enlarged. Proceedings were brought to a close in the usual manner. A magnificent discovery of green and grey ore, carbonates, muriates, etc., has been made on the Wandilta property of the Wallaroo Mining Co. A new lode, east of the o!d one, lias been cul and at a depth of a few feet from the surface the ore found is in considerable quantities. * Such a dis covery considerably -enhances the value of the sections which the Company recently forfeited, and then purchased when offered by auction. At the trial of Elizabeth Woolcock, on Tuesday, ' Dec. St, for murdering her husband, at Moonta, by giving him 6mall doses of an irritant poison, the Crown Solicitor, in opening the case, alluded to the very grave aspect it had assumed. The learned gentleman said it would be proved that deceased, who had not lived happily with his wife, partially on account of her familiarity with a lodger named Paacoe, had been mercurially poisonad. The first witness called was Mr G. Francis, analytical chemist, who swore to a very large amount of mercury being in the portions of I the intestines and liver of deceased, forwarded to him for examination. Dr Charles Gosse, who with Mr Francis made an analysis, gave similar testimony, and then the case was adjourned. On Thursday, Drs Bull, Dickie, and Herbert gave evidence, as also did Sergeant Bentley. The evidence of all the medical men, was that de ceased suffered from salavation, caused by mercury; and that such, effects would be produced by the white precipitate, which, it will bo remembered, the accused surreptitiously purchased. The fur I ther hearing of the case was again adjourned. Dr I Kauffman conducted the defence. At the trial of the prisoner on Thursday, very nearly the same evidence was taken lis at the Coroner's inquest. At the conclusion the Jury retired for 25 miuutes and then brenglit in a vedicfc of guilty, with a re commendation to mercy on account of the prisoner's youth. His Honor, Judgo Wearing delivered sentence as follow:—" Elizabeth. Wool cock, you have been found guilty, after a 1 langthened and most careful enquiry, of the awful crime of murder. It is no pa»t of my duty, and , still less of my inclination, to add to your sorrow ' by any lrngthy observations. Every one must feel satisfied that the verdict is a proper one, and you yourself must have felt that great patience has been shown,||iroughout the proceedings, and every consideration given to you- I must say I entirely concur in th* verdict at which the Juiy have arrived It is now my duty to pass sentence upon you. The Jury have recommended yon ft mcfro nn f"*~ ' ** r ■ unLli- Ulill II, Will Ofi 111 Sf ~3uty to forward that recommendation to His Ex-, cellency the Governor, in whose hands ihe-prero g&tive; of mercy is reposed by our Most Gracious Sovereign the Queen.I have now only the solemn duty to perform of pronouncing the sentence of the Court, which is that you be taken from thet place from whence you were brought, and there hanged by the neck until you are. dead. As the 21 days from the passing of sentence will expire on Christmas Day I have to fix a date for your execution, which will take place on Tuesday, Dec, 30\. I express no opinion as .to the recommenda tion of the Jury. In the event of the sentence of the Court being carried put may the Lord have - mercy on your souL" The' master of the smart barque Albert William reports haTiug left Gravescnd, on the 4th of Sept. and he was in the Downs oij the 5th. He passed the Lizard on the night of the 9th, and experi-" encedjiead winds until he Reached Cape Finis terre, which was on the 18th. From thence he' bad light head winds until 5 degrees north oF the Equator, which waB passed in 22 long.; on Oct.,. 6\. He passed the Cape on Nov. 3, and on Nov,, 26, was away from Cape Leuwin, and since then ~ he has had nothing but north and easterly wind. - „ ^ j Whilst in. lat. 38 south, a heavy gale from the " E.S.E., was experienced. The barque, was theft. ! about 20 west 'long. The barque which is [ first that hafc been laid on for the direct trade be ween Port Wallaroo and London, was char tered by MesBrs Drew. SroB., of Moonta, and they are expecting to hear by the next mail, of another having been despatched with a similar cargo by their London Agents. Of course, to them, the profit will bo considerable in having their large stock constantly replenished without the cost and * vexatious delay that is necessarily entailed, by transhipment at Port Adelaide. The barque. will j be in her berth in the course of a day or two, ami will have her cargo out probably before she would have been moored at the Port of the I colony. Such plucky enterprise, oa the part of a Peninsula firm, is eertain to be fraught witli benefit to the district. The barque is a very hand , some one, an# was built at Sunderland, in 1863. by • Messrs Ling, for the White Star Line then trad ing to New Zealand." " She made two voyages i there, but the return cargo of wool did not "come 1 down quickly enough ami the Captain took her to the West Coast, South America. More recenthr I however he went to the ^Mauritius, thftii to India* ! and so home. Thence he was chartered for the ! Peninsula trade, in wine-h, all being well he will continue. On his passage out he was necom j panied by bis wife and two children, one of whom ! a fine boy at* three years old—Joha Alfred Pacific Wright Walker—we rcgivt to say died on Dec. S. I He had been suffering trota hooping c^ugh, and [ this developed into mftasastion of the chest. The ketch Meteor, which left Port Adelaide, on the evening of the 17 th inst., for Moonta and Wallaroo, put back in consequence of the l.ass of j a seaman. The occurrence was reported as fol I lows:—" While the craft was off Kingsdote, Kan garoo Island, at 1 a.ra. oa Friday, the 19th, | William llobins,aa was reefing the mansail, when* a sudden g<wt striking it he was knocked over boa^ His fellow seamen threw a spar towards jpim, but lie did not roach it. A boat was then lowered; owing however to the roughness of the se& she was rendered useless through being store, i 1»> " 