EIbt Meek. DESTRUCTIO)N OF A TEAM AN~D HORSES IN A BUIH-FIRE ON THE CANNING. The other day a two horse team fully loaded was being driven on The Canning Road. A bush fire raged on either side, and the flames, borne by agust of wind, ignited some hay which was in the cart. In an instant the cart and its freight were in flames. The terrified horses refused to 'move; and their driver, being unable'to unharness them with lutff $jient despatdh,'had to'look to hiB on safety, pjnd leave them tdtheir~ fate. In ai very short time they, the cart and load, were burnt to ashes, 'and tha driver nairoWly escaped meet ingthe'same-end. ' SAN ACCIDENT rather ludicrous than serious occurred the-.other .day .at the Rockingham Jarrah 'imber Company's works on the beach at '?ockingham. Some of Mr. Wanliss' men were.-at work -sinking a well, when an eairtf slip took place to the great 'discomfiture jof the workmeh,'one of whom was completely buried by.the falling sand. His comrades' had absolutely to dig him out. . They succeeded in extricating. him from his sandy grave it a few minutes, and found him more- frightened than hurt. Se was half smothered, but soon recovered, having experien'ed no bodily injury during *his temporary interment. IN last Tuesday's Government Gaz~tte two Assistant Matrons for the Lunatic Asylum at Fremantle are advertised for. Applications to be addressed to the Colonial Surgeon at Peith or Fremantle. What an absurd thing it is that such an advertisement as this should be inserted in the Government Gazette, a paper which certainly there is no earthly probability of-any postulnnt matrons seeing. It is only common reason to-demand that such advertisements as these should be inserted in the local newspapers; as it is, the local press makes these Government announcements public, for public informa tion, at the same time as it protests against the meanness of a Government which is thus enabled to do its advertising on the cheap. MRs. SToNEHAM-It will be seen by an Eadvertisement in another column, that this lady, whose abilities as an accom plished elocutionistt and actress are unques tionable, purposes given a recherclhe entertan ment,in the "Odd Fellows' Hall. Freinantle, on the evening of Tuesday next, the 15th inst. The programme, comprising Dramatic< recitals and 'readingsis siiaTciently amplerifnd varied to satisfy.the mi'st exactingu; embrac ing as it does scenes from L:dy Macbeth, (in impersonation which Mrs. Stonenam has sustained to th-e: M'acbeth of: t"ie e:heiebrated.i Macready and other famous tragedians scenes from the Rivals, and humerous readings from, Uharl'Dilckens and Douglas Jerio!d. IN.FORMATIo, FOR OWNEfiCS OF VESSEL?. ;4 .irculat of illstrutions.has been issued by the Board 'of' Trade' 't" Of)fiers' iii fBritish :possessions abro ;d, calling their attenlion to the MI.rchant· 'Shipping '?Ac't;" l87'-;, 'which' came into operation on the first dity of this year. Under the proivisii'onsof this Act, the General ?,Iegigter of. Sliiil pi Ig-fol the; Uiited ,iiogdom and, Coonies will for the future be. kept by thie 'Registrar 'G'F ii-'.:hf 6.flipping and Seamen,. and the. measuremintCivwill be conducted by the Board of 'lraditd' From and a?fter this date, .therefore; the llreturns hereto fore sent to the -CliegftRi gistra' of Shipping should lie forwarderd t th ie'l. l.gistrar Gene tratl. "of. Shippigl and. Sr'artri, :it.'Aildelaide |Place, Loiidon B ridge ]iLondoii, and ipplica ition-shoulil -be mrade.to thiSti otlicer for -such a lotmeit'todftioffiial~ tutiiBs 4for7 vessels as :m.iy-tye. required.. i, : - . S(I.IrirAM'pIoN BjAY LhAD .MIhi.-" The new tenterlrise. of niiuiig for lead ore at 'Champion Bay, *inr West Australia," says the 4Australasiap, "is at, pr?sentbieing carried un iw.ithiconsiide able:vigbl,,.anilthe'application of Victorian capital in developing at least one of thle natural resources of that -colny has been :attended it ithi'markid success:" - In convey ing men and material, stores 'plant &c.;, &c.;, to the .Company's .iorriT0at Champion Bay, the' cutter Gemr has hitherto performed no unimportant part, but in consequence of her carr) ing capacity being now insufficient tor bringing back ore in quantities for tranship ment, ter owner, Mr. A. J. Johnson,.has purhiased the iron clipper brig Centutar, and this vessel beiing also chartered by' the com pany, will run in conjunction with the Gem to:.hampion Bay. The.vessel will- undergoi a'thorougl"h oorhauliaid have her passenger ac-'inb'olatiaonh :refitted' and niade comineu surate with the requirements of the new trade in which she is to be engaged. 'Oun'V;iLtNITEER AitTILLEIiY .tltriie; out in style1 oil April'Fool's d'ly, and visited F'remian4ite foi the. purpose .ft indulgiig in the innocenht-aimusement of ball practise. A target was:mio?,t.red two thousand:yards 'from.' shore,: and after the. arrival of,,the artill,;ry with'two guns aiid some .thiirt men the work if destructiini commenced' '?ihe'· we speak If thie work of det'st ucti;oniwe do'nibt wish to iimply thirt tlhe, target was destrriyed. By no neans. It escaped scatheless, the fact being t:hi.cduning the whole ofithlid firing ii person night lihae einjoyed a.very ?cmfor.taile iseat uponi the- target,-- and--with a field- glass watched theyTshells explode, as they neared him. 'Some of these shells were fraught with far more danger to the' Artillerists than to the object. of itheir: aim, ' inasmuch as ' they burst within a few yards of the mouth of the :annon, which- were finrd from the gaol hill. Several" shells were .noticed to burst and scitter their, fragisten~ts ;i 'all . directions within the range of tle monkey buoy. How ever, on the whole, and considering that this was .their first day's. practice our. volunteer, artillery men by no means.-disgraced their namues. " The .guns were well. handled, loaded with despatch, arid well laid; and the in tempestuous explosion of the shells is in great part attributable to defective fuses: With more training-;and practicethe Artil lery Volunteers will' b ciine a really effec tive and soldierly little cbrps. . . ... -' -THE ?U1tVEY OrFtIE.-The present system of managemcilt in the Survey De partment can hardly be reckoine'd to be ian improvement upon the old system. We learn upon good authority that the expense of the present 'ofice staff is almost equal to that of the entire st;iff of Surveyors in and out of the office under the old systeni. We have already drawn attention to the embarrass ment experienced by the settlers in the northern districts in .he matter of the annual payment of -rent for their runs. Similar complaints reach us from the south r>here the settlers know not whether they can call their runs there own. The Magistrates are beseiged with queries and k'now not what to do. In the Vasse District especially the settlers complain that they have riot a simple map to refer to, and are lett complctly in the dark as to what lands are, and which are not, taken up. In the mean time the Sur veyor General is enjoying a large salary for holding an office of which he makes a sine cure. - £150 per annum was voted to him last year as, forage allowance, or, as Mr. Carr remarked, .to allow Mr. Fraser and his family to drive a pair of greys about Perth. Now, at a time when.so much work ought to Ibe done in connection with the Survey Department, and the presence of the chief is' urgently required at head-quarters, the Hon. Malcolm Fraser is in the Southern Districts making a tour which is in reality a pleasure excursion, and thus expending in keeping his horses a portion of his forage allowance. The Chief Clerk in the Survey Office is de facto Surveyor General. A history of Mr, Fraser's trips since he Hias been in this colony will show that they, if not absolutely designed as pleasure trips, have been' so con triv',d as to have contained a large in gredient 'of pleasure. Journeyss to the eastern districts to visit agricultural shows have no immediate relation to surveying, and we cannot seehow.the work of the Survey Office was advanced by Mr. Fraser's voyage with His Excellency in the Cossack. We call attention to these matters in the hope that retuins, showing the work performed in and the expense of the Survey . Depart. ment, may be.called for .at the approaching ecssion of the Council.. Such a call coniing from the Hen. member for the Vasse, who is or ought to be conversant with all the de tails and defects of the old and new systems, would prove that that gentleman is not, altogether a blind 'partisan of the Govern ment, and might possibly be the means of bringing about a favopable revolutiou:' 