THE WEEK'S NEWS. Bank Changes. — Mr. W. Hope Ross, the teller at the Bank of South Australia iu Port Victor, is removing to a branch in the North, and Mr. Padman. from Adelaide, mieeeeda him. During the stay of Mr. Ross at Victor Harbour, which has been for nearly five years, he has made many friends, and been highly esteemed. A Fair Recognition.—Several lady visitors who have been staying in the South for some time, upon returning to Adelaide on Monday, presented Mr. Eli Hillman, the driver of the passenger coach on the railway from Victor Harbour to Middleton, with a handsome bugle in recognition of his civility and attention. Mr. Hillman is the oldest driver on the line, and is is highly respected by travellers on the Southern Railway. The Coen Glut.—At the Kapunda Railway Station there are still large piles of wheat ex posed on the platform, and the goods shed is full. The Wants and Progress op Port Pibie.— A meeting was held at Messrs. Brown and Wood's store, Port Pirie, on Thursday evening, March 27, and a deputation was then appointed to wait on the Commissioner of Public Works with reference to the mfllring of the main street of the place. Mr. Hewitt presided, and Messrs. Galloway, Martin, Rickets, and others urged that the work was absolutely necessary. Mr. SimoucLs was chosen from among the members of the intended deputation to draw up address to the Commissioner, and attend with a copy of the resolutions. Other subjects, in cluding _ the dredging of the harbour, were discussed. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. This port seems to be going ahead. Captain Ferguson, the President of the M>n*uc Board, who has been there with the steam launch Margaret and Government schooner Flinders, has begun to beacon the channel. The Hon. P. Santo has lately visited the locality, and the Commissioner of Public Works and the Sur veyor- General are expected there soon. A Customs officer, who also acts as Harbour Master, is stationed, at the place. Wheat is arriving from the areas very fast. Annual Services.—The twenty-first anni versary sermons of the Brompton Wesleyan Sabbath-school were preached by the Rev. W. P. Wells, Mr. J. D. Bone, and W. L. Binks to large congregations. The children sang several hymns very creditably under the direction of Mr. T. W. Lawton. Collections were made in aid of the School funds. Next day the scholars assem bled for their usual treat, after which upwards of 250 persons had tea. The public meeting was numerously attended, and Mr. J. Gfllingham presided. The Committee's report and balance sheet were presented by the Secretary, Mr. R. Langman, jun. In speeches from the Revs. W. L. Binks, W. _ P. Wells, J. McEwin, and T. Lloyd, the claims which the Sunday-school in stitution has upon the prayers, sympathy, and practical support of the Christian public and all parents, also the difficulties which those engaged in carrying on the work have to contend with, were made prominent. This was the most suc cessful anniversary of the sort ever held in the Brompton Chapel, and the total proceeds amounted to over £42. FORGERY.—On Friday Edward Cox, stone cutter, was committed for trial on different charges of forgery, the amounts being respec tively £40, £2810s., £3410s., £2510s., £30 7s. 4d., £23 19s. 4d., £15 10s., £36, £15 17s. 6d., £30, £40. There were other sums to large amounts which prisoner was supposed to have obtained, but no charges were laid. The Adelaide Hospital.—Edward Bell, the young man who a few days since was severely bruised through falling off a load of hay at Cobb and Co.'sfarm, has now recovered so far as to be able to walk. On Wednesday John Sillifant was carting at Mr. T. Martin's slate quarry, Willunga, when the wheel of the dray passed over his foot, cutting off one toe and (severely bruising the others. Dr. Jay, who attended the sufferer, had him sent by the mail coach to the City Hospital. Colonial Wine.—A private letter which has been received in Melbourne from England says: —" Do you remember the Australian wine that you and I bought together in 1867 ? We_ could none of us drink it. I let mine remain in the hamper, and forgot all about it. Last summer a New Zealand gentleman was spending an evening_ in my bouse. He said the wine they drank in New Zealand was principally Austra lian, which was very good. This led to my hunting up a bottle of the old wine. We tried it, and both declared it excellent. I never saw such a change in wine in my life. 1 should have taken it for a very full Rhine wine, with a strong flavour, something like Moselle. I would cer tainly just as soon drink it as the German wine we pay a large price for. If you can produce such wine in any quantity, I think you have a great future before you." Supreme Cgurt.—The Primary Judge will sit in Equity on Tuesday, April 8, to consider any short matters that may be brought forward. The Executive Council. — The Acting Governor held a Council on Friday, at which the Ministers present were—The Chief Secretary, Attorney-General, Treasurer, and Commissioner of Public Works. Adelaide Hospital.—A meeting of the Board of Management was held on April 4. Number of patients admitted since last meeting, 48; dis charged, 54; died, 2 ; now in Hospital, 133; number of out-patients prescribed for, 790. An Hotel at Mount Lofty.—We learn that a Company is in course of formation privately to raise money enough for building a large pro prietary hotel at Mount Lofty. The pleasant climate of the locality in the summer months would no doubt secure for the establishment extensive patronage, and many people will be glad to hear that the prospects of forming the Company are promising. A Severe Fall.—On Friday, April 4, Anthony Northmore, a young man living in Grenfell street east, sustained severe injuries to the back of his head from falling down the stairs of a bouse at the west end of Currie-street. The police, as the wound bled profusely and assumed a serious appearance, removed him to the City Hospital A fatal result is not expected. Shocking Death.—At Schonfeld, about two miles from Freeliag, Mr. August Obst, while cutting part of a stack of hay, slipped, and upon losing his hold, was thrown to the ground, and on to the hay-knife he had been using, but which had fallen from his hand, and reached the earth before him • the knife entered the poor fellow's abdomen, severing the intestines. He was able to get up and move a few steps towards home, but in about five minutes he expired. The deceased, who was much respected, has left a widow and two children. An inquest was held by Mr. J. McNamara, J.P., with Mr. A. H. Kruger as Foreman, and a verdict of acci dental death was returned. The remains of Mr. Obst were buried in the Schonfeld Cemetery. Drowned at Port Wakefield.—Upon the occasion of the late fatal boat trip at Port Wakefield one of the females in the craft was Mrs. Firmin, the wife of a teacher at Moonta, and the Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser has published the following notice of the official enquiry regarding the occurrence :—The inquest on the bodies of Edward John Lane and Thomas Maynard was held on April 1 at the Court House, Port Wakefield, by Mr. J. S. Anthony, J.P., with Mr. Alexander as Foreman. The witnesses examined were George Matson, Mrs. Eliza Firmin, and Mary Louisa Calnan, the survivors, William Corston, who rescued the females, and James Leask and William Spells, who found the bodies of Maynard and Lane. Matson gave lengthy evidence, in which he stated that the two deceased, the two female survivors, and himself, left Rose's Point between 4 and 6 p.m. on Monday in a small boat. Had proceeded but a short distance when he noticed water coming into the topside of boat. Did not anticipate any danger, but suggested pulling to the nearest beacon. Reached the beacon, and the boat almost immediately capsized. Believed this was caused by Maynard and Lane rising together and getting on one side of the boat, endeavouring to fasten her. The boat turned over and over several times. Wm. Corston said he heard cries for help while he and a shipmate were in a boat gathering driftwood. Saw people holding up their hands. Threw the wood over and proceeded at once to the place. Took two women off a swamped boat, and brought them ashore at once, as they appeared exhausted. They said one man had swam ashore and two others were missing — drowned. Could see nothing of them. Knew the swamped boat. She would be safe with five persons if thej.kept still and in smooth water. Captain Leasj de posed—Heard cries, and proceeded to the Point. Saw Matson swimming across a creek. He told me of the accident in a very excited way. I launched a boat, and he and I got in and were proceeding to the scene when we met the boat with two females. We proceeded, but could see nothing of the two missing men, and returned. After the tide receded, about 9.30 p.m., went with others in search for bodies. I found Maynard's near the mangroves on the western side of creek. Verdict—"That the deceased came to their deaths by drowning, caused by acci dental upsetting of a boat in which they were." And added following rider—" While deploring the indiscretion of taking five persons in such a boat, the Jury beg to express their admiration of the conduct'of Mr. Geo. Matson in his en deavours to save the survivors." The Coroner concurred in the verdict, and thought the rider Mishap.—On Wednesday morning' Mr. John Bannister, of Wright-street, was seized with a fit, and fell thus cutting the back of his head. Ee was picked up by a policeman and taken to the Adelaide Hospital. The injuries are not serious. Fine Hotel.—On Tuesday the erection of the Royal Exchange Hotel on a prominent site in TCadina was begun by Mr. T. R. Heath, the successful tenderer for the work, wiwee cw tract price is about £8,000. The building wOl be commodious and striking. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and death registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 29th of March, were:—Births—Males, 22; females, 8; deaths—Males, 5; females, 10. Total—Births. 30; deaths, 15. Excess of births, 15. Death of an Actor.—On Wednesday after noon news reached us that Mr. R. Roberts, ene of the principal performers in the company at Sresent engaged for the Theatre Royal was ead. Upon subsequent enquiry we ascertained that Mr. Roberts had been unwell for some time Erior to leaving Melbourne, and upon bis arrival ere by the steamer Aldinga on Thursday, March 27, was so ill as to require immediate medical attention. He went forthwith to apartments at the Freemasons' Tavern, and _Dr. Phillips, who was called in, was in frequent attendance upon the de ceased up to the time of bis death. The disease under which Mr. Roberts suffered was chronic degeneration of the kidneys, usually called Bright's disease, and it was greatly aggravated by the sea voyage from Melbourne. He was frequently seized with fainting fits, and it was shortly after one of these that he expired. On Tuesday he seemed much better, and the favourable symptoms continued on Wednesday, so that his decease was unexpected, and the blew to his bereaved wife—who retains in public as a member of the same theatrical company her maiden name of Miss Polly Leake—was sadden and overwhelming. Dr. Phillips was sent for directly the appearances became more usually alarming, but as be was not at home the messenger called upon several other medical gentlemen, amongst them on Dr. Peel, who proceeded to the patient's lodgingB; but the dissolution advanced so rapidly that before he arrived Mr. Roberts had breathed his last. Dean Russell and Mr. Tjo.M.r called upon Mrs. Roberts, and the latter been most assiduous in big kind attentions. The deceased was well known in fbia colony ten years ago, since which time he bm» gained distinction, having gradually risen in public favour in Melbourne and Sydney as well as in India. He was a man of good attainments, and of versatile talents. ffi« especial rfile was that of a light comedian, but he was almost equally at home in any ordinary character, whether juvenile, aged, or comic. He was generally looked upon as a very useful and the stage has sustained a heavy loss by his death. By all the members of the profession with whom he came into contact, managers as well as fellow- actors, he was esteemed and respected. His wife accompanied him hither from Melbourne, but their three children were left in that city. On Thursday afternoon his remains were conveyed from the Freemason's Tavern and interred at the West-terrace Cemetery. The funeral procession comprised two mourning coaches and a number of other vehicles. Among the occupants of the conveyances were a considerable number of the deceased's friends and all the members of the Theatre Royal Company. The Rev. James Pollitt, of St. Luke's, conducted the service at the grave. The arrangements were carried out by Messrs. S. Mayfield & Son. Rtjn Over,—Near Mr. Brice's premises in Hindley-street, on Thursday, the child of a woman named Courtney was knocked down and run over the body by a vehicle, but strangely enough was very little hurt. Colonial Wood.—We have been shown half a dozen excellent wallringsticks made of shea oak by Mr. A. O. Chambers. They are beauti fully polished, and have inlaid knobs consisting of as many as five-and-twenty different pieces. The grain of the wood works up well, and presents an elegant and finished appearance, clearly evidencing that much of our native timber is capable of serving other purposes besides that of fueL Adelaide Cot.—The following horses have accepted for the Adelaide Cup:— Mr. T. J. Ryan's br.h. Kingfisher, 5 yrs., 8 st, 8 lbs. Mr. J. J. Swinden's br,g. Darlrie, aged, 8 st. 2 lbs. Mr. Jno. Brewer's b.g. After Dark, 6 yrs., 8 st. Mr. R. Holland's b.c. Newbold, 4 yrs., 8 st. Leo, 7 st. 13 lbs. Mr. W. Gerrard's Picquet, 4 yrs., 7 st 12 lbs. Mr. W. Gerrard's Ace of Trumps, 4 yrs., 7 st. 12 lbs. Mr. J. Crozier's b.h. Prsetor, aged, 7 st. 10 lbs. Mr. P. Lewis's b.c. Blue Peter, 3 yrs., 7 st. 6 lbs. Mr. G. Bennett's b.f. Signet, late Cygnet, 3 yrs., 7 st. 5 lbs. Mr. R. Holland's b.h. Australian Buck, aged, 7 st. Mr. P. McNamara's b.f. Sunbeam, 4 yrs., 7 st. Mr. P. Lewis's b.c. Coxcomb, 3 yrt., 6 st. 12 lbs. Mr. R. Holland's b.c. Blue Gown, 4 yrs., 6 st 7 lbs. Mr. H. Trew's b.c. Dauphin, by Lucifer, 2 yrs., 5 st. 2 lbs. An Exhumed Skeleton.—Out of a sandhill at Somerton numerous skeletons of aboriginals have from time to time been exhumed, and within the past few days a complete one of a native woman has been disinterred. This was found in a sitting posture, and all the bones were in a perfect state of preservation. There was a slight indentation in the skull, as if it had received a blow when it was buried. The number of human remains discovered in the locality has been so great that a residence erected near to the spot has been somewhat appropriately called Golgotha. Wheat Exportation.—The exports of wheat and flour for the week ending Maroh 29 reached an aggregate of about 9,000 tons, so that, according to shippers* measurement of 37 bushels to the ton, we have sent away this year something like 70,000 tons of breadstuffs. Of this quantity about two-thirds has been shipped to Great Britain - A Curious Mistake.—One of the mining captains, who recently arrived here from Victoria to take the management of a Northern Territory Gold Reefing Company, has been made the subject of a queer mistake. He was anxious to finally arrange his affairs in Melbourne before leaving for the new El Derado, and accordingly took his passage intending to go by the Aldinga on Tuesday. He proceeded to Port Adelaide and boarded the steamer, but when he reached the Semaphore a telegram was placed in his hands, saying—" Come to town immediately." Thinking that something important had happened he got into the Shipping Reporter's boat, and made his way back to the city. Judge his surprise, however, when on reaching Adelaide he found that he was not wanted, and on examination of the telegram it was seen that the message was addressed to some one else, but owing to bad caligraphy the name was misread, and hence the inconvenient mistake, which has forced the captain to remain here a week longer than he desired. Supreme Court.—The Acting Chief Justice will start on the South-Eastern Circuit on Tues day, April 8. Before he goes the Full Court will probably sit to hear the arguments in the rule nisi for contempt of Court in re Mr. Ebenezer Ward, M.P. Masonic.—The Quarterly Communication of the Provincial Grand Lodge of Freemasons of South Australia was held on Wednesday evening at the Alfred Masonic Hall, Waymouth-street. The usual balance-sheet and report were received and adopted, but beyond that no business was transacted. The Representation of the South-east. —On April 1 the Mouiit Gambia- *-standard says —" Mr. J. Riddoch, M.P., of Yallum Park, Penola, has just carried out a change which has been contemplated for some time, by removing to Melbourne, with Mrs. Riddoch and family. The party were at Mount Gambier on Friday last, en route for Port MacDonneli, whence they went per steamer Coorong on Saturday evening. Although taking up his residence in the adjoin ing colony Mr. Riddoch's connection with and interest in this district will remain unchanged, and we may hope to see him occasionally amongst us. With reference to his continuing to represent us in Parliament, it is said that Mr. Riddoch has expressed himself as of opinion that it may, for the benefit of the district, be found de sirable to make some change. We believe, however, that our senior member holds himself entirely at the disposal of the electors, and in the absence of any intimation to the contrary we may safely say that the affairs of the South-East, in a Par liamentary sense, are in good hands. His col league, Mr. Derrington, who is understood to be fully engaged in conducting a new and successful printing enterprise at Moonta, has thus far given no sign of any intention to resign his seat. He will no doubt act in concert with Mr. Riddoch in considering the present situation, and he may also, with that gentleman, be relied upon to consult the welfare of the district in the matter. We hope very shortly to be able to satisfy the impatient curiosity of those electors who ' want to know you know.'" A Change.—Trevor, the heir to an Irish estate of £5,500 a year, and long advertised for, has been, it is stated, discovered in New Zealand working as a shearer on a Southland run under an assumed name. "Young Men's Magazine."—We have to acknowledge the receipt of No. 4 of the above monthly serial. Like its predecessors it con tains original articles on political and social questions. There is a second paper on the Voyage from Liverpool to San Francisco," ia Vmt.li interesting and instructive; a further instalment of "Mr. Jack's Story" is given, and a review of Mr. J. C. F. Johnson's two books of Australian Tales finds a place in the number. A short article " About FaceB," which is, we are informed, " slightly altered from an English original," begins " Who are we developed from—one type, or many ?" In the interests of our mother tongue we cannot but regard it as a pity that the editors did net restore that sentence at least to its original English. A couple of poetical extracts and a column of useful notes from various sources go to make up on the whole an excellent number. Captain Quin.—The Harbour-Master of Port Adelaide returned from Newcastle by the Planter on Saturday, evidently restored to perfect health by his month's leave of absence. The Missing Captain. — Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. on Saturday morning received from Captain Hay, of Wallaroo, the following message : — " Troopers returned last night. Found Vickers and man at Bowman's Station." The Wallaroo paper had on Saturday the sub joined paragraph upon the subject:—"P.-T. O'Mahony and P.-C. O'Flyn returned to Port Wallaroo on Friday afternoon from their search for the missing captain of the Brocklesbv. It would appear that they had little difficulty in finding traces of him, and they were able to report that he had safely rejoined his ship. From what we learn it seems that whilst in the boat he mistook a light on shore for a signal, and running in got stuck fast with the boat in the shallows. Getting short of provisions he with one man started inland, ana made one of the Messrs. Bowman's stations. Thence after refreshing they started for Port Pirie, and so reached the ship. The two men that were left in the boat saw the Maid of Australia high and dry, as was their own boat, and waded to her, when they were taken by her to Port Broughton, whence they also made Port Pirie. Immediately on the captain's arrival at his ship he sent another boat to look for the two of his crew he had left and the missing boat, but this latter he has as yet been unable to find any traces of." Postal Extension.—We hear that it is in tended ere long to run a mail twice a week be tween Gladstone and Port Pirie. The want of this postal communication has hitherto caused much inconvenience to farmers and business men. The British-Australian Telegraph Com pany, Limited.—The number of paid telegrams transmitted through this Company's cable from Port Darwin for the week ending Saturday, March 29:— Sent from Sent to the the Colonies. Colonies. South Australia 11 5 Victoria 31 44 Mew South Wales 32 30 Queensland 5 5 Tasmania ... ... ... — 1 New Zealand 7 4 Totals 86 89 Grand total, 175. Wipe-Beating.—On Saturday, at the Port Adelaide Police Court, John Linguist, a carter, was committed for trial at the Supreme Court by Captains Ferguson and Smith on a charge of assaulting his wife. The details appear else where. Accident.—At noon on Saturday, a son, about 10 years old, of Mr. Shierlaw, of Hindley etreet, was thrown from a horse while riding along the east [side of Victoria-square, and re ceived a large cut on the forehead. He was going quietly along when a youth wearing a college cap, who was driving a wagonette, struck Shier law's horse, causing it to bolt, and the rider being unable to control the animal fell. He was token to the Hospital, where his wound was Shanghais Again.—On Saturday evening, shortly before 8 o'clock, a stone was fired through a large pane of glass in the window of the Protestant Advocate office, Hindley-street. The stone passed close over the head of Mr. Lewis, who was sitting writing. Banking Item.—In a portion of Mr. T. Coombe'e store, at Gladstone, the South Austra lian Banking Company has opened a branch lately under the charge of Mr. T. W. Ingram, Captain Cook's Ship.—Attieus, the writer of the " Under the Verandah" papers in the Mel bourne Leader, mentions that) the old Resolu tion, in which Captain Cook discovered the Aus tralian Continent, now lies in the roadstead at Alexandria, where the venerable vessel is used for the purposes of a bulk. The Farthest North Mill.—Messrs. W. Moor house & Co., who have built at Gladstone the mill that is the farthest up-country of any in the province, have now their machinery working 18 hours per day. It supplies what has hitherto been felt as a great want in the new agricultural region of the North. .Prolific Yield op Wheat.—On Mr. John McEwen's farm, Gawler River, a ten-acre block of wheat, reaped by hand, has been found to average 40£ bushels per acre; and a field, machine-reaped, has turned out upwards of 37 bushels to the acre. The ten-acre block has therefore yielded half a pound of wheat to the square yard.—Bunyip. Dear Horse-Feed.—Hay in the Wallaroo district it is difficult for private persons to secure, and the nominal value is £6 10s. per ton. The large stocks held by the Wallaroo and Moonta Mines Railway Company, intended for feeding about 200 horses, are, however, said not to have cost half that rate. Water Wanted.—Upon the Gulnare Agri cultural Area a heavy fall of rain is much desired by many settlers who have no perma nent water supply. Quick Loading.—The Athena, of the Black Diamond Line, has afforded evidence of the expedition which can be shown at Port Ade laide when it is required. On Monday she was , towed to the Port from the anchorage, and on Friday was a full ship, having in the meantime discharged 150 tons of coals and taken in 665 tons of wheat and flour, so that on Saturday she went off to sea. London Missionary Society.—The annual meeting of the South Australian Auxiliary to the London Missionary Society was held at Stow Church Lecture Hall on Monday evening. A report will be found in ether columns. Contempt op Court.—On March 29, in the Supreme Court, before the Judges in Banco, Mr. Boucaut obtained a rule nisi, calling upon Mr. Ebenezer Ward, M.P., to show cause why he should not be adjudged to have been guilty of a contempt of the Supreme Court; and why the Court should not deal with him as in contempt, or why he should not be otherwise dealt with for contempt of Court. The alleged contempt was contained in a leading article in the Guardian of March 22, commenting on the evidence of Mr. Rowland Rees as given at the late hearing of the information laid by him against Mr. E. Ward for libel. A full report of the proceedings appears elsewhere. The Late Captain John Watts.—A notice in our obituary column contains the intelligence of the death of Captain J. Watts, late of Her Majesty's Army, and for over 20 years Post master-General of this colony, who has sur vived his wife—to whom he had been married for more than 50 years—but three weeks. He was a native of Ireland, and the son of a clergyman in that country. At an early age, with several brothers, be entered the military service during the long war with Napoleon. He first Berved in the West Indies, where he was located for some years. He afterwards accompanied Governor Macquarie to Sydney as his Aide-de- camp, and occupied that position for several years. When the Governor retired from his office in New South Wales, Captain Watts returned to England. He then married, resigned his commission in the 73rd Regiment of the T.fon, and remained for some time in private life. He arrived in this province with his family on March 8,1841, per the ship John Cooper, and almost immediately received the appointment of Post master-General, in succession to his brother, who had previously held that post. Captain Watts retained the position for more than 20 years, having relinquished the office on July 10, 1861, when he was succeeded by Mr. J. W. Lewis, the present Collector of Customs. Captain Watts, while in the employ of the South Australian Government, was thoroughly respected, and his subordinates showed the esteem in which they held him by a handsome presentation on his retirement. He died on Friday, afternoon, March 28, at Numey House, the residence of Captain C. H. Bagot, where he had lived for many years. He leaves two sons, Mr. Samuel Watts, _ at present a Crown Lands Ranger, and Mr. William Watts; also two daughters, one of whom was married to a son (now deceased) of Captain Bagot, and the other is the wife of Mr. B. Travers Solly, Assistant Colonial Secre tory of Tasmania. Adelaide Benenolent and Strangers' Friend Society. — The Committee of this Society held its usual monthly meeting on April 1, at the Church Office; Mr. Thos. Neill in the chair. The Treasurer s minute was read, show ing a balance in hand of £33 18s. lid. Several cases of distress were brought forward by diffe rent members of the Committee and relieved. Each member of the Committee was empowered to draw £1 in cases of emergency during' the ensiling month. 1 The Springbok.—Anxiety is felt concerning the safety of the Springbok, which left Port Darwin on January 6, say 85 days ago, and called at the Roper, whence she sailed on the 16th January, intending, we believe, to call at Newcastle on her way here. Nothing has since been heard of the vessel. There were several passengers on board, and naturally enough some concern is now being manifested about them. New Patents.—Any person at all acquainted with the uncertain method of taking soundings formerly adopted on board ship, ana by which many losses have been occasioned, _ will be pleased to know that a thoroughly reliable ap paratus for the work has been invented. It is called Walker's harpoon sounding machine, and is fitted with a fan within guards, also a regu lator up to 150 fathoms. The lead is attached to the bottom part, and when the instrument is thrown overboard the fan revolves owing to the sinking momentum. The instant it stops a catch falls, and the depth is registered upon a dial. The appliance can be easily dropped at what ever rate of speed the ship may be going, and, unlike the ordinary lead, it has not to be cast forward. One of these instruments may be seen at the establishment of Mr. A. E. Sawtell, of Port Adelaide, who has also on view Massey's new frictionless propeller, by which a vessel's speed is recorded to a nicety. . Roving Teachers. — The propensity which many masters under the Board of Education in this colony have for moving from one school to another, and never staying long at any place, was brought under the notice of the Board at its meeting on Monday. From the discussion which took place it seemed that the practice is looked upon with great disfavour, and is likely to be at last checked. The Model School.—The contractors who took in hand the work of building our Model School have progressed well since they com menced operations on the site. It is probable that a large proportion of the task of erection will be carried out before the winter weather sets in. The subject of selecting Principals to take charge of the institution when the building is ready for occupation was mooted at the meeting of the Education Board on Monday, but no decision was recorded. The Government are again to be consulted as to whether a selec tion shall be attempted here and in the other colonies or in England alone. Unconscious Intrusion.—An amusing affair took place at the Town Ball Buildings on Monday, when the meetings of the Great Extended and Telegraph Mining Companies were held one after the other in the same room. At the latter a motion was made f«r the printing of the report and balance sheet, when a person, who had only just then entered, opposed strongly as an unnecessary expense, and the proposition was negatived by his vote. What was his astonish ment to find, after the proceedings had closed, from conversation with another gentleman who had been present, that he had spoken and voted at a meeting of a Company in which he held no shares. Coming in during the progress of the business, he supposed that the meeting was that of the Great Extended Company, and acted accordingly. Telegraph Expedition.—The Government, through Mr. Todd, the Superintendent of Tele graphs, are fitting out an expedition for the purpose of erecting iron poles along the northern portion of the overland line. The party is to consist of about 50 men, who are to be placed under the charge of Mr. Richard Knuckey, whose experience and energy eminently qualify him for the position. Arrangements are being made to charter avessel or steamer, which will call at Melbourne for the poles and other materials, which have recently arrived there from England, and the company will then be conveyed to the Roper, where operations will be commenced forth with. In connection with the work stores for the inland telegraph stations will, we hear, be tal^n by the party. We believe that there are in the Territory 50 teams available for carting the poles. Death op an Old Colonist.—Our obituary records the death, on March 20, at the age of 72, of Mr. John Lo'Vanberyl, who about 30 years ago attracted considerable attention by the publication of certain prophetical letters in the Obsei-ver. The deceased possessed a small free hold property at Little Adelaide, upon which he resided during his entire colonial career. For the last three years he was bedridden, and we understand that his widow, aged 76, is very infirm. He leaves also one daughter. Dinner to Mr. James Adamson.— On Friday, March 28, at the District Hotel, Auburn, 23 employes of Messrs. Adamson Brothers, machinists, entertained Mr. J. Adamson, the resident partner, at a complimentary dinner. The spread was laid out in first-class style by Host Dennis. The guest presided, supported by Dr. Voght and the foreman (Mr. W. Dyer), the vice-chair being filled by Mr. W. F. Loutit, supported by Mr. A. Adamson and Mr. Jno. Castine. Mr. Walter Dyer proposed the toast of the evening, " Our Employer." He stated that his acquaintance with their guest had been of long duration, they having been schoolfellows. Ever since he had esteemed him. As an employs he hoped that Mr. Adamson might live long to enjoy the respect of those whose regard he had won. The Chairman said he felt proud at having been invited, and it only proved that working men are able to respect those who respect them. Mr. Shearer gave "The Health of Mr. Dyer," stating that his fellow-workmen could not wish for a better foreman. Mr. Dyer, in reply, stated that as long as he did his duty to his master and the men he could not help what people outside said, and he hoped those present would long have cause to think as they now thought of him. He proposed " The Visitors," which term included the Vice-Chairman, Dr. Voght, M.D., and Messrs. W. Castine and A. Adamson. Mr. W. F. Loutit gave " The Press," especially the paper with which his right-hand supporter was connected. It was the fourth power in the State, and by it wonderful things were wrought. The Press of South Australia, he considered, was most liberal. The compliments were acknowledged by Mr. Castine for the Register and Observer. Several other toasts, including such as are almost invariably presented upon festive occa sions, were honoured. The comic and senti mental songs, rounds, and glees were creditably sung, and showed that several of the men have considerable talent in that direction. Several recitations were capitally given. The proceed ings passed off most pleasingly, which was due greatly to the unremitting energy of Mr. Dyer, who, as Secretary, made the arrangements. From the Chairman's remarks it was evident that a reciprocity of feeling existed between the employed and employer. Fatal Occurrence. — Elizabeth Prideaux, aged nine years, a daughter of the late Mr. T. Prideaux, on Wednesday morning, while draw ing water, fell into a tank on the Wallaroo Mines, and was drowned. Bushfire.—An inquest was held lately at the Tungutta Police Station, in the Western Dis trict, by Mr. George Agars, J.P., with Mr. Russell as Foreman, to endeavour to ascertain the oause of a fire that occurred near the Pine Hut, one of Mr. P. Maurice's out-stations on the north side of the Lake Hamilton Run, by which some fencing and a good deal of grass were consumed. The flames would have been most disastrous but for a sudden and timely change in the wind from north to south. Six witnesses were examined, and although suspicion rested upon two men who were when the fire broke out inspecting a piece of country they were about to claim, there was not sufficient evidence to enable the Jury to arrive at a defi nite conclusion as to the origin of the affair. A verdict was therefore returned to that effect, with a rider attached, censuring Mclntyre, one of the men mentioned, for not assisting to put out the flames when requested. Anniversary.—In the Congregational Chapel at Milang the anniversary sermons were preached by the Rev. H. Cheetham, the pastor, on Maroh 30. On Tuesday the Blanche, steamer, was generously lent by its owners, Messrs. Swannel & Wallace, for a trip across the lake to Point Sturt. There amusements were arranged, and lunch and tea were liberally pro vided by the united congregations of Milangand Point Sturt. A large company enjoyed the treat, and returned to Milang a little after sunset. A Bolt.—About midday on Wednesday a pair of horses, one of which was young and rather frisky, attached to a licensed wagonette belonging to Mr. Carl Gors, and under the charge of^Charles Smith, bolted from the North terrace Stand, during the driver's temporary absence. The animals rushed at a great pace southwards along King William-street, and when they were opposite the Southern Cross Hotel Mr. Richard George courageously caught their heads, and stopped them at the lamp-post in front of the Imperial Hotel. No great damage was done. Road Mishap.—On Tuesday, April I, as Mr. Edward Bell, who is in the employ of Messrs. Cobb & Co., was seated on the top of a load of hay about to start, the horses attached to the wagon became unmanageable, and attempted to bolt. The man used his utmost endeavours to stop the animals, but the reins being rather short he was eventually pulled from his position on the load and fell to the ground; a wheel then passed over one leg, injuring it above the knee. The accident occurred near the new Lunatic Asylum, and the sufferer was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Tuesday afternoon. Death of Mr. Adolph Schldter. —A fort night ago we published a notice of a farewell entertainment given by employees in the Register office on the occasion of the retirement through ill-health of Mr. Adolph Schliiter, an overseer in the Jobbing Department, and the obituary column to-day records his death from heart disease. Although he has long suffered from this malady V»tk early decease was quite unexpected. He was in the employ of the proprietors of this establishment for nearly twenty-two years. On Tuesday, April 1, _ his remains were conveyed to their last resting place. The funeral procession comprised six mourning coaches and about 20 carriages and other vehicles. Among the occupants of the conveyances, besides the immediate relatives of the deceased, were a considerable number of our German fellow-colonists, including the Mayor of Adelaide, Mr. A. H. F. Bartels, and members of the Liedertafel and German Clubs. The establishment with which he had been long con nected was represented by Mr. W. K. Thomas, the heads of the different departments, and many of the employes in various branches. The burial service was conducted by the Rev. J. C. Woods, B.A., and both at the late residence of deceased and at the grave musical pieces were sung by members of the Liedertafel, under the leadership of Mr. C. Piittmann. The funeral oration prescribed by the Independent Order of Oddfellows was read by P.G.M. F. G. Hales. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. J. Eitzen. Accident.—Frederick Rose, a labourer, was on Friday admitted into the City Hospital suffering from a broken left leg, caused by a fall from a horse at the Burra. Accident.—On March 29 Mr. Fred. Rhodes, a mail-driver, was endeavouring to catch one of his horses in a stockyard near the Burra, when the animal, in leaping over the top panel of the fence, displaced a rail, which fell on the young man's leg, breaking it. The injured limb was set by Dr. Dashwood, who recommended the patient's removal to Adelaide, and he was ad mitted into the Hospital on Monday evening. Accident.—On Tuesday as Johanna Macan, a young woman, was walking beside a horse attached to a load of wood she suddenly tripped over a stone, owing to the tension of the reins, and fell, doubling her leg in such a manner as to break the small bone above the ancle, and she narrowly escaped from being run over. Assis tance was procured, and she was removed to the City Hospital on Tuesday evening. Improvements at Moonta.—Any one who should visit Moonta at present, after a twelve months' absence, would be surprised on seeing the improvements that have been effected in the town. The numerous substantial and elegant places of business which have been erected in the principal streets, the neat cottages which have sprung up in all directions, and the re cently macadamized streets, show that the place has advanced with rapid strides; whilst the shops and dwelling-houses in course of erection, and the municipal works in hand (which are prosecuted with praiseworthy vigour), indicate the progressive prosperity of the town and district. Ellen-street, which a few months ago did not contain a building wdTthy of notice, now possesses handsome structures, among which are the Corporation offices and the office of the Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser. This street is being further improved by the building of four commodious two-storey shops, for Mr. S. Marshall, of Port Wallaroo. In Ryan-street Mr. Major has completed and opened an additional grocery store adjoining his old premises. Two or three other shops have of late been built in the same street, and addi tional stores are to be erected. The appear ance of George-street has been greatly im proved within the past few months by the addi tion of several spacious stores, and other good buildings of various descriptions are in active process of construction. It is reported that in George-street extensive premises are shortly to be erected for the purposes of an hotel. Build ings of every description, whether as places of business or as tenements, are let and occupied immediately on their completiont; in fact, the demand for both dwelling-nouses and shops is much in excess of the supply. Intending occu pants bid over each other's heads; rents are thus raised to an excessive height, making house property at the present time an invest ment of a most profitable character, — Moonta Advertiser. Aloes.—Colonists who have been accustomed to see the prolific growth here of the hardy American aloes can hardly realize the fact that in England this plant is valued and fostered as very rare. Here it might be thrown loosely on the soil to take root, and will thrive; but in the old country the bloom has been looked upon as so great a novelty that in one instance a spiral stair was erected round the lofty trunk, and people were glad to pay fid. a head for a close view. It has been stated that about £80 was thus realized, and the amount was handed over to a chapel fund. It is strange that the fibrous stems of aloes have not been utilized in some way, but perhaps their brittleness when dry is too serious a drawback. The Inspection Tax on the Border.—The Hamilton Spectator gives vent to the feelings of dissatisfaction that prevail on the other side of the Border relative to the inspection-tax, and the Watch remarks:—" This regulation, so far as travellers are concerned, is an awful nuisance; and as far as protection from disease is con cerned is simply a farce. So far as South Aus tralia is concerned, there is no disease among her stock; and if there were the mere fact of taking a horse or a teamj of bullocks to the Inspector would be no guarantee that the animals had not the seeds of disease in them. To make the protection effectual there ought to be a quarantine, and till our neighbours feel themselves justified in enforcing that, they ought to allow travellers to pass and repass without molestation." The Spectator thus writes:—"Commercial travellers and others are loud in their complaints of the vexatious manner in which the regulations under the Diseases in Stock Act are carried out on the Borders, and many of the • commercials' say that, for the future, they will be obliged to forego their trips to Mount Gambier in conse quence. The tax is only a nominal one, viz., one shilling per head for each beast, and there fore it is not the amount of impost which con stitutes the grievance. The real objection is the fact that there is only one officer stationed on the frontier line to collect the tax, and he takes up his quarters at Penola. Therefore any one riding or driving a horse, or in charge of stock, must proceed to Penola to report himself before he can cross the border. This of course is a great hardship, and it is unnecessary to say that the regulation is constantly evaded. The Inspector, deeming it his duty to follow up all parties so setting his law at defiance, is con tinually absent in his search after offenders, and therefore those people who are anxious to observe the law, and who proceed to his office at Penola for that purpose, very frequently find him absent. Now, it unfortunately happens that the diseases in stock that have presented themselves have mostly made themselves manifest in Victoria; and the South Australians, who declare that their country is healthy, are laughing at us for seeking to pluck the mote out of oar neighbour's eye, whilst unmindful of the beam in our own eye." Hop-Growing.—We learn that a farmer at Hindmarsh Valley has this year a good crop of hops, which he is just beginning to pick. The whole of the country along the Valley is spoken of as being very favourable for the cultivation of the hop plant. The River District. — At Wentworth business is very dull, and the river is again fall ing slowly. The following is an extract from a grivate letter :—" Ki Euston, River Murray, [arch 30.—The Murray River is two feet above the navigable height, and falling about one inch per day, mostly Murrumbidgee water." 'Telegraphic Details.—During March nearly 24,000 telegrams were dispatched in this colony, which calculating upon the averages of past years indicates about 200,000 messages for the twelvemonth. This shows an unusually high rate in proportion to the population, being about one telegram yearly to every person in the provinoe. In India during 1869 the internal and international messages numbered only a little over 522,000, in a country where there is a population of over 200 millions of people. During the same year 2,500,000 telegrams were sent in Austria, where the inhabitants number 22 millions, or one telegram to every 11 persons. Swoden, with a population of 4,000,000, transmitted along the wires 539,000 dispatches ; and in Norway, with 1,800,000 people, 400,000 messages were for warded. Belgium comes next to South Australia as regards the average business done, the propor tion being one message for every 134 persons; France sends one telegram for every eight people; Italy one for 14; Russia one for 38; and Spain one for 25£. In South Australia a tele gram is sent for about every nine letters, whereas in England, in 1866, the rate was one for every 121; in Switzerland one for every 69; and in Belgium one for every 37. The Kingston to Narracoorte Railway.— It is affirmed that Mr. Rogers, the Government Resident Engineer in the South- Eastern Dis trict, is to have charge of the work of con structing the Narracoorte Railway. Provincial Gas Company.—At a special general meeting of this Company, hell in their offices, King William-street, on Wednesday, April 2, a resolution passed at a meeting on January 31, empowering the Directors to boirow £10,000 on mortgage or bonds, was unanimously confirmed. i Immigration Certificates.—We leara that of the 71 certificates issued in favour of in tending immigrants during the half-year between July 1 and December 81, 1872, passages for 73 natives of England and Wales, 64 of Ireland, and 5 of Scotland were secured, and the total number was equivalent to 56 adult males and 7'2\ females. Under the provisions of the new Act and regulations, there have been granted 45 passage certificates, providing for the coming to this province of 34 English and Welsh, 37 Irish, and 10 Scotch folk. The grown people and children in this second lot are reckoned as equalling 36J males and 40£ females. The Hop.—The Standard of Mount Gambier remarks:—" The time and trouble involved in a visit to Mr. James Kilsby's hop garden, near Red Camp, on Friday last, were amply compen sated by the novel and interesting sight there presented. The pickers had been busily at work throughout the week, and the larger portion of the ground had therefore been denuded of its crop. But there still remained a fairly representative strip of an acre or two, throughout which around the towering poles clustered a magnificent and luxuriant growth of bines, bearing rich hops of the silver grape variety in the greatest profusion and per fection. Before arriving at this satisfactory result, Mr. Kilsby has been obliged to go to a very large expense; but the prospect before him encourages the hope of an ultimate adequate return. By careful selection of the ground, both as to quality and site, and un ceasing attention to the varied requirements of the plants, a splendid sample has been produced; and by a continuance of the same liberal policy, and watchfulness in the drying operations at the kiln, it is believed the Red Camp hops cannot fail to top the market this season. As showing the value of this new industry as an employer of labour, it is worthy of remark that on Friday there were on the ground 50 pickers at 16 frames or bins, two polemen, one kilnman, and one overseer. The rate paid for picking is 3d. per bushel, at which price many families in the vicinity have been able to make excellent wages —up to I3s. a day for one adult and two or three small children. Mr. Kilsby is extending his plantation considerably." Bank at Palmerston.—We learn that the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank propose sending an officer per the steamer Gothenburg to the Northern Territory to open a Bank there at once should the prospects con tinue as favourable as they are now reported to be. South to North Australia.—We are in formed by Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., that there are now congregated at Alice Springs the following travelling parties:—Mr. Campbell's, consisting of 9 men and 250 horses, going overland; Messrs. Gilbert & Bagot's, comprising 6 men, and having in charge 450 head of cattle, also about 30 horses: Mr. Gosse's Government Ex ploring Expedition, including 8 men, besides the leader, 11 camels, and 27 horses; and Major Warburton's private exploring party, fitted out by the Hon. T. Elder, in which there are 7 men, accompanied by 20 camels and 19 horses. Major Warburton is awaiting the arrival of Mr. A. G. Burt, who is now somewhere near Charlotte Waters with additional stores for the expedition." Astronomical.—We are informed by Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., Postmaster-General and Superin tendent of Telegraphs, that Mr. J. R. Hind, who was mentioned in our recent article on Vulcan, the supposed newly-discovered planet, as the Astronomer Royal of England, does not hold that position, but is Superintendent of the Nautical Almanac. When Mr. Hind was a junior assistant in the Greenwich Observatory he was a colleague of Mr. Todd, and in 1843 he took charge of Mr. Bishop's Observatory. Whilst there he discovered several planets between Mars and Jupiter, for which service he received a pension from the Government, and upon the death of Lieutenant Stratford he received the appointment which he now has. Freights.—Those masters who have sailed or are engaged to take cargo at 80s. per ton and over that rate may well consider that they belong to a favoured few when there are at present in Port Adelaide several fine ships which are offered from 60s. to 70s. per ton. The Vernon, which came here expressly to load wheat, is now ready to start for Newcastle, and another vessel is in process of taking in her ballast to sail on a similar voyage. This state of affairs is pre judicial te the shipping interest, because those captains who have made their way here to load up will be somewhat astonished at the rate offered. In the roads the Bertha, Gallovidian, and Queen of the Age are waiting engagements; but expectations of high freights, formed at a distance, diminish when vessels draw near. Fires.—At 6.45 p.m. on Wednesday a fire originated on the premises ef Mr. James Harkes, a tent and tarpaulin maker in Rundle-street, owing to a coil of rope falling and upsetting the contents of a kerosine lamp which was standing on the counter on to some canvas and tar paulins. Keels Nos. 7 and 1, with the Superin tendent of Fire Brigades, were soon on the spot, but the flames had been then extinguished. The stock, which is uncovered by insurance, was slightly damaged, but the building, which belongs to the South Australiau Company and is insured, was uninjured,—On the same after noon a fire broke out in a stable belonging to Mr. Condon, off Gray-street. Part of the build ing and a quantity of hay were consumed before No. 2 Reel arrived, but that appliance soeedily got the flames out. A Celestial Sportsman.—At the Port Lincoln Races a Chinaman not only competed, but won the Town Plate. He bears the name of Sune, and his horse—which, however, is a mare—no Irish bull here intended—is called Beeswmg. 