HEDGES, SHADE TREES, AJTD FENCES. The-re-reading, at the last meeting of the National Agricultural Society, of Mr. Mit-* chell's paper, -entitled "The Land the Best' Bank for the Farmer," elicited a capital! discussionon tlie vexed questions, " whether j hedges and shade. trees ate beneficial or; not," and V what is the best material for a| farm, fence," The. discussion was wholly, unexpected, Mr. Mitchell having treated hisi subject in a general manner, and havingt apparently omitted matters of detail hpobi which differences of opinion were likely to! arise. Ttoe assemblage was the largest that! has taken place at any of the sotiety's ingB. There was not only Mr. Mitchell's] paper to'disciuss, but Mr. Lyoll was to ad-j dress the members on " The Rise and Pro-I gressof Liong-woolledSheep in Victoria"-ft . subject tipon which, from his lengthened ex-! perienoe of theCotswold and Romney Matsh' breeds, he is regarded asbeingentitledtospeakj with authority. Mr. Lyall, however, before] ^plying hiihiielftoliis special task* reqiuested] {o hear' the c^riences of the members oni the-utility of hedges^-a' debateable point hej had.i|isooYered;lp!"Mr. Mitchell's paper, and] ;<>n w^ich he l#a heard and read widely .dif-j fering opinions. His .appeal elicited a hearty response from a number of gentlemen who are engaged in the business of stock-breed, ing, including the Hon. Robert Simson,'the president (Mr. Samuel Wilson), Mr. Robert M'Dougall, Mr. Jas. Robertson (Aberfeldie), and Mr. R. K. Hammond. These all Bpoke in favour of unshaded and unhedged grazing grounds. Mr. M'Dougall explained that when stock were afforded the opportunity of sheltering themselves they impoverished the pastures by making for the nearest tree or hedge as soon as they tf&d; done feed ing, and the tree was thus fertilised at the expense of the pastures. It was impossible to keep up the con dition of the grasses if the stock were invited to leave their grazing ground for so called shelter. He had a farm which a former proprietor had subdivided with belts of plantation, which elicited the warm approval of visitors and expressions of regret that more belts of a similar description had, not been planted. For his own part he ? wished that none had been planted; his experience had taught him that stock ? throve better in the absence of any such protection. Other speakers referred to the innutritious nature of graBS in timbered ? country, and the improvement which at once took place after " ringingand by the whole ! of the speakers above-named hedges were j condemned as useless. Mr. Robertson would j use stone in the construction of fences, and had done so, as the members were aware. The difficulty of preserving in good order, ; in this1 country, any considerable length of live hedge was cited as an argument against . the use of that kind of fence, even where a fence was indispensable. The cost of hedges was great, and many years were occupied in growing them, whilst they were exceedingly liable to destruction by fire. ; The only members who spoke in opposition : to these views were Mr. Patterson, of St ' Germain's; Mr. J. C. Cochrane, of Glenroy; and Mr. Mitchell, the author of the paper. They considered hedges essential to good farming, and ^beneficial to the stock and crops in affording shelter to both against rough winds and cold weather; but rather inconsistently the use of deciduous hedges was advocated; those, being bare, are void of power to afford shelter in the winter, when shelter would be most required. There can be no question whatever that a meeting composed chiefly of arable farmers would have supported the views of the minority at the late National meeting. They have been used to hedgeB from their infancy, and they have never been accustomed to ques tion their utility. The question now raised, almost for the first time, is - really one of the most important that conld en gage the attention of farmers of every degree. The construction of fences involves the expenditure of millions sterling, even in a colony of such limited extent as Victoria. The work of raising hedges, be it remem bered, cannot be commenced on taking pos session of new country; the land must, in any event, be temporarily fenced with posts and rails, or posts and wires, as hitherto; a hedge needs the protection of a fence during the long serieB of years that must elapse before it can perform duty as a fence against stock. Each season it must be trimmed at considerable cost, and, in spite of good management, gaps are nearly sure to appear at intervals. Then hedges, even upon farms, are very liable to be destroyed by bush fires, and as grazing becomes more general, this liability will be likely to increase. It may be, and indeed it is, urged in favour of hedges and belts of plantation, that the grass upon land thereby partially sheltered grows more freely at all seasons of the year; that grain crops grow higher and stronger, and that cattle thrive on less food during the cool season of year. Before any decision can be arrived at with regard to the alleged augmentation in the growth of grasses, it will be necessary to determine whether the nutriment is increased in proportion to the in crease of bulk, or whetherthe latter consists of mere elongation rather thanof healthy growth. It is asserted by those who advocate the use of live hedges that the stock-carrying capabilities of pastures are thereby much increased, and that no loss, but an absolute profit, arises from occupying a portion of the ground with hedges. The opponents of hedges advance diametrically opposite argu ments, and it is not easy to suggest a method of arriving at sound conclusions. And yet Buch differences can be. settled. in no other way ; mere assertion signifies nothing. The hedge advocates can point to numbers of in telligent land and stock owners in the Western district who have at great cost established belts of plantation across their estates. Would it not be desirable to obtain some account oi their experiences. The question cannot be regarded as settled, it has not even been probed below the surface. In the abstract, stone walls may be considered modelfences for a country that is subject to bush-fires, and were stone everywhere obtainable we would feel no hesi tation in declaring in favour of its applica tion to such purposes. Breaches are easily ?repaired, for the material is always there.; The first cost is greater than of wood, "when tlifc latter is bt hand, but for permanence and! durability stone has no peer; moreover, it. takes nothing from the soil; the grass at, the foot of the wall is as sweet and nutri tipus as that .in any other portion of the! field. The'members of the National Agricul tural Society may with advantage resume the discussion pf this question when they hold: their next meeting for the (reading of: papere. 