SHEEP BREEDING. Mr. Richard Bonnott, of Bolfast (Victoria), has addressed tho following letter to tho Australasian u in my formor letter 1 pointed out tho great ad vantage that would ariso by shenpownors breeding a uniform class of, sheep in certain districts. I will now conflno my romaros to our western coast districts, extending back some forty miles from tho sea. Tho broods of shoop most particularly adapted to tho climate and nasturnEO aro tlio long-woolled. either Leicester, Lincoln, or Cotswold— sheep that unite a largo framo, strong constitution, and heavv flccco of wool. Tho groat object sbecpownors should havo in viow is to kocp as nearly as possiblo tho satuo class of sheep in oaoh district, whion would havo tho follow ing advantages First, fowor diseosce, from tlio adaptability of tho olase of shoop to tlio climate and herbage ; secondly, more uniform returns in weight of carcase and wool, and from each shoopownor having tho samo description of shoop, if any pot astray or intermixed with rams from a neighbouring run, no groat amount of harm is likely to result. It would also foster a great spirit of emulation among shoepownors — each striving to bo foremost in estab lishing a reputation for tho purity aud oxcollonco of 1 ii Bhoop ond wool. Tlio first of these results, lessoning tho chance of discQso, must bo apparout to mostshoopownors. Tho greatest amount of mortality by fluke,, which is tho g.root scourgo of our const pastures, has boon ond is still among tho moruioos. Some owners of tho brood may say the mason of that is that morino boing tlio original brood; and conse quently most numorous, tho largest amount of deaths must necessarily ' liavo boen among them. Thotruo reason iq, tho merino is no moro adapted to our coast posturago thou tho Lincoln or Ootswold would bo to Control Australia, whoro tho heat and dry nature <>f tho climato and herbage would turn tho wool to hair. Tho animal and vegotnblo kingdoms ore governed by tho samo laws. The sugar-cane" "oiid cotton-troo, whioli grow to porfocllon in tho tropics, will notoxist in our wostorn districts, anymore than the morino, which is more of a tropical sheep than any other breed, will thrivo among us on the const. Somo of owr old morino colonists may ask how was it in formor times, particularly during tho lifotimo of my old friond Mr. JohnAitkin— Mount Aitkin,, tho — morino slioop did so well, and for wliioh Mr. Aitkin was ho celebrated ? I will answor this question.,. At tho timo when old Mr. GoHibrand stood on. tho lop of his mountuin, ond, stretching his arms in tho neighbourhood of Lnko Colhu, exclaimed in tho ful- no89 of his heart, "All tills for my son loinmyX Victoria wns but thinly sfookod, and continued to ho so until tho diggings broko out ; consdqijontly, the ownora of sheep— tho tnorino boing tho only brood at that timo — had plenty of room. Thby could run thoir shoop on tho plains in summer, and soleot dry hilly country tor tlio winter. Besides tho froquonoy of bush-fires had no doubt a vory bonefloial oflect, '"iiot only destroying the goruis oi iluko where any oxiatcd on Ihe'postuvo, but the' burnt fowl, from its action on tlio sysloin, must havo kopfc all tho organs in a state of health and activity, particularly from the largo .aniouut of carbon. ..cohuuniod by tlio shcop nibuling tlio'elmrrod tussocks of grass for tho green roots-springing from thoui.i Another rcnion may bo nssignod, and that is, sheep travollod. moro when Bliojihordod limn they do now running in paddocks, thq.oxoroiso up doubt keeping all tho organs of diges tion in greater activity, If wo wish to sue our meat preserving industry ul.taiu to any projiortioiis, ivc must study how to supply tlio greatest amount of meat from the smallest oxtent of ooreago, ami to bo iblo to sell' to the companies at a prieo that will lcavo tho producer and mamtfaoiuror a good profit, nnd at tlio samo timo enable our meat to bo sold in foreign niarkots qt a figure that will causo it to bo inquired after. To do tfiis our (armors and small sheopownors must adopt tho system of arti ficial feeding, that is, growing root crops and taking up a certain number of their best sheep and topping tiji tor market. If a grnzior can got as much for .100 oroBsbred or long-woollcd shoop, that at I wo years old will avcrogo SOlbn., ouch, as ho onu for 109 merinoos ut throo or tour yearn old, averaging 501bs. each, tlio. result is dooidodly in favour of tho long- woollod. . Then again, tlio wool from 100 long- woollcd shoop, averaging Bibs, per (leeeo, equals 800 lbs., whilo tbnt of 100 morinocs, averaging at tho the outside 3ilbs. por flccco, equals 35011)8., leaving a balance in favour of tho long-wool of 4501bs. With these boforo them, ownore of the slieop - in thoso dis tricts should i no longer delay in adopting a more uniform system, and roplaoing any inerlnocs they may havo with -tho moro profitable long wools. 