.BUSH.FIRES IN THE NORTH. On Wednesday forenoon it became generally :known that during the fearful heat of the pre vious day, a very large extent of country.inJshe North had been ravaged by bush fires, Mr. Todd received the following telegram from the Stationmaster at Mount Remarkable : —" Fires out -north of Melrose.—Fires swept Spring Greek, Willowie, Booleroo, Charlton, Laura, Gladstone, Broughton, Crystal Brook, Hum mocks, and Appila." Subsequently the Superin tendent received a message from the Statu n master at Clare, stating ihat he had seen Mr, Smith, who left Laura at 6 a.m. that day, and reported that "there was no .'fire there but that some grass country and two wheat paddocks were burning about Beetaloo, the estimated loss being abont £300. Tmisin formant hsd heard of no other fires. West of Georgetown the grass country was on fire. We understand that in parts of the burning country yesterday evening the- flames were checked by the dense clouds of dust, and that the fain following still further prevented the confl igration from spreading as it otherwise would have done. An enormous amount of damage has been done to pastoral property. At Canowie a tremendous fire was raging on Tuesday, and at Hamley Bridge|_Stockport, and Tarlee, there were smaller fires. Further "north, "though the pro. gress of the devouring element had in some directions been ar.ested, it was not alto gether stopped. We do not know how far the farmers have sufitered by this ter rible visitation, but we trust they are not loBers to the extent many people fear. The origin of most of the numerous fires, great and small, that have been recorded during the past week has not been ascertained, but pro. bably to the .-.careless use of matches, and the negligence of smokers, most of the mischief may be attributed. [On Wednesday we telegraphed to our cor respondent at Clare for particulars of the fins on the areas. In a letter received this (Thu-i day) morning he states that nothing is.known at Clare of, the fires in question, although people from Georgetown had been there. He adds:—. "There was a fire near the'Hill River [cattle station on Monday, but it did not last long, and ° only burned a few acres of feed."] 