BELLABHtE. (IBOU OUS OWN COBBESPONHKNT-I December 22nd. Harvesting is progressing very rapidly in this district, and if this dry weather continues all the crops will be very soon in. Some of the farmers complain that the wheat is ripening too fast, and not filling out properly; others again say that they will have fair crops, and others that they really have very good—in fact never better —40 that, generally speaking, we may con aider that there will be fair retnrns. There can be no doubt but that it has been a splendid Beason for the bay, and if it is not -well made this season it never will be. Host of it is stacked and thatched. The pea crop and late potatoes will be nearly a complete failure for want of rain. Host of the early potatoes have been taken to market, and the vendors seem satisfied with the prices they have realised. Mr E. Lyons has a very fine sample on 3ome land of his on the Geelong road. Peed is rapidly dry ing np, and the waterholes are daily be coming smaller, so that the prospects of the grazier are anything hot bright, and consequently we may anticipate that dairy produce will be dear. A sign that some are doing well is the great amount of building materials that has been brought oat to this district during the past year, is fact more than has been brought for many years before. Great preparations are making for the holidays. Thechurch bazaar will be a great attraction, there being some very valuable prizes to be distributed, amongst them a splendid pieceof needlework. " The descent from the Cross," the gift of J. F. Levien, Esq:; also Bome splendid engravings, silver service, and even five stock. People attend ing should be well supplied with shillings, as the ladies will require an unlimited supply to keep their wheels of Fortune on the move. Then we have the races ; the committee, X believe, are pretty well up in funds, and will make the most of them. One peculiar race will be that for dray horses, in which the competitors will first have to poll a toil, and then gallop a mile. Bushfires are not over yet; while I am writing there is one bnrning on the Geelong road, about two miles from here, which started on Saturday night. Sain is now most anxiously looked for by alL 