Items of News. The English Mail. — The Mooltan was telegraphed off Gleneig on Saturday, and the letters and papers for this district reached Hamilton yesterday. Conveyance of Mails.— The Gazette notifies the acceptance of tenders for the mail service. Messrs. Robertson, Wagner, and Co. are the successful tenderers for a number of routes at a cost of about £75,000, and the Western Stage Company have obtained the lines hitherto ran by tnem, at a total of £22,366. The remainder of the accepted tenders represent only small amounts, for the lesser services on by- roads. Contract Accepted. — Supply of prison rations at Coleraine, from 1st January to 30th June, Wm. Dolman. Yuppeckiar Farmers' Common. — On Tuesday, the 25th, tne Commissioner of Crown lands proposes to decide in the matter of the diminution of the Yuppeckiar Farmers' Common, and will be ready on that day to hear objections to tbe proposed diminution. Tenders Invited. — Works at the Post and Telegraph Office, Portland, before the 27th February. QUARTERLY LlCCENSING MEETINGS will be held as follows :— Heywood, 29th March ; Koroit, 12th March ; Mortlake, 24th March ; Portland, 28th March ; Terang, 17th March ; Warrnambool, 18th March. Hamilton Town Lots. — Particulars of land sales to be held in Hamilton on the 17th and 19th March will be found in another portion of this paper. There are 21 lots of 2 roods each and under, situate in Cox-street and on the Dunkeld road, to be offered at tbe upset price of £25 per acre. Also, 22 lots within the township boundary, south of tbe Grange Burn, varying in extent from 1 acre to 2 acres 2 roods and a few perches each ; upset price £8 per acre. Also 57 suburban allotments within the township boundary, south of the Grange Bum, of about the same extent as the preceding, upset price £8 per acre. This will be a good opportunity for parties looking out for residence sites, the lots being high and dry (with tbe exception of a few portions on the flat, surveyed at the re- quest of intending purchasers). The soil is of good quality, the allotments command fine views of the surrounding conntry, and the probability is that the future railway station will be erected somewhere in the immediate vicinity. Minhamite Shire Election: — Mr. C. H. Macknigbt, of Dunmore, has been elected to fill the seat in the Minhamite Shire Council, vacant by the resignation of Mr. Hick. New Insolvents. — Schedules filed in Belfast : — Henry Richards, of Camperdown, labourer; filed 13th February; liabilities, £84 4s 10d; assets, £5; deficiency, £79 4s 10d. James Duffy, labourer, of Tower Hill ; filed on the 17th inst. ; liabilities, £56 12s 3d ; assets, £2 ; deficiency, £54 12s 3d. Henry Davis, carpenter, of Rosebrook ; liabilities, £95 1s 7d ; assets, £2 ; deficiency, £93 1s 7d. Belfast. — On Monday the Borough Council of Belfast struck a rate of 2s in the pound. — On Saturday a boy named John Scones, aged nine years, was drowned whilst bathing at the Battery Shed, on Goat Island. Verdict, ' accidental death.' — Bush-fires have occurred at Tower Hill Marsh, causing destruction on several of the adjacent hold- ings. COLERAINE CALEDONIAN SOCIETY. — This annual gathering is fixed to take place on the 19th and 20th March. Cheap Fencing for Sheep. — 'In- tending Selector' writes to the Leader to describe a new kind of fence he observed on the Whaparills and Turrumberra stations near Echuca. He says : — 'The posts stand wide apart, and the wires are stiffened and prevented from 'sagging' by means of slats made out of battens. These slats might be five or six feet apart. In connection with this sort of fencing, I may mention that I was a good deal astonished at seeing a gentle- man who was driving in a buggy, when he reached the fence, push back the slats, press down the wires, pass his buggy over, and put the fence all right again in less time than it has taken me to write it. The facility with which a horse and buggy may be driven over this form of fencing is perhaps a questionable advantage to the sheep farmer, although a convenience to the traveller. But in other ways the fence seemed to me in every re- spect very efficient for sheep, and must have been cheaply constructed.' Extensive Sheep Sale. — Messrs. Macgregor and Co. advertise a large lot of sheep for sale at Hexham tomorrow, includ- ing merinos and cross- breds of different ages, in both fat and store condition. Publication Received. — A very handsome little brochure, entitled ' A Glass of Ale,' published by M'Carron, Bird, and Co., of Melbourne, has reached us. Both as a literary production, and a specimen of typography, the work is a credit to its origi- nators. After a historical sketch of the origin and progress of the manufacture of the national beverage, the reader is introduced to the famous Carlton brewery of Mr. E. Latham, the extensive premises and the modus operandi being described in a lively and interesting style. An admirable en- graving, giving a bird's-eye view of the works, forms the frontispiece, and enables the reader to follow the details given in the letter-press. The block of buildings is one of the most extensive in Melbourne, and the ordinary stock in hand is upwards of one hundred hogsheads of draught ale, and four thousand dozen of bottled beer. Such an es- tablishment speaks well for the progress of colonial industry. New Land Regulations. — About a fortnight ago we published the principal portion of the New Land Regulations, under the Act of 1869, and we be- lieve that with the exception of the Warrnambool Standard, ours was the only journal in the colony that contained the in- formation. The Argus stewed down the rules into a paragraph, which was copied into several of the country journals, but our big contemporary now states that the regula- tions were only draft copies sent to the Dis- trict Surveyors for their perusal and sugges- tions. We can only say that of course the regulations were sent up for the perusal of the District Surveyors, but that so far from asking any suggestions, the circular accom- panying them stated point blank that they would come into operation on the 15th Febru- ary. We shall be glad to know that the rea- son these regulations have not been gazetted is that it is found they require to be recon- sidered, for we were not able to express a very favourable opinion on their probable working. Mr. Casey is expected to return from his tour about the 25th, when we sup- pose the intentions of the Government will be made known. Belfast Races are fixed for the 14th March. Nominations for the Port Fairy Handicap must be lodged with the Secretary, Mr. G. W. Osborne, before Thursday next (to-morrow). Cricket.— The match played at Cole- raine on Saturday, between Hamilton and the combined teams of Casterton and Merino, resulted as usual in another victory for Hamilton, making the eleventh, match they have won in succession. Only seven players went from Hamilton, the Club being indebted to Coleraine for the other four players, Nevertheless, the score made by the seven Hamilton men exceeded the winnings of the combined team opposed to them. In their first innings the Hamilton side made 56, and the Casterton and Merino men were put out for 32. In the second innings, Hamilton scored 88, and the other side had made with the loss of five wickets, when time was called. We are obliged to hold over the account of the match, as also the reports the matches played betweek Apsley Penola, won by Apsley— and Mount Gambier v. Apsley, won by Mount Gambier. WARRNAMBOOL RACES.—We are able to get the acceptances for the Warrnam- bool handicaps, the coast lines of telegrams being interrupted. MlSSING FRIEND.—It will be that a reward is offered for the discovery a shepherd named WIlliam Fraser, entitled to an annnity under the will late Mr. John Moffatt, of Hopkins Hill. THE LOCUSTS. — These pests have reached Hamilton, and are to be seem Grange Creek, and outside the town in a numbers, having probably been driven way by the bush fires. They are of the grasshopper variety, and do not appear take a sustained flight, The Education Act — We observe that the Argus has adopted the suggestion contained in our article of January the effect that, to make the edication system complete, private teachers, not wise qualified, should be certificated in same way as the State school teachers, the public inspectors should also visit private schools. This is the logical of the clause specifying the excuses which may be pleaded for attendance at the public schools—as wise there are no means of discovering whether the children failing to attend pnblic schools are receiving efficient educa0 tion elsewhere. Onr contemporary 'at an early date, to see a measure sub- mitted to Parliament providing for inspection of private schools, and the licenses, after examination, to all therein.' The police in the various we find, have received instructions pare lists of children not attending public schools, or being otherwise The circular states that the time has not arrived for enforcing the penal clauses the particulars are wanted for the tion of the Minister of Education. Sergeant of Police at Hamilton, on ? of receiving the circular, had got their of about a dozen children on his we believe that several more have ? added. A Hint for the Friendly Society —On the occasion of the often- fetes and athletic sports, it is no easy to find novelties for varying the program. The ' Nebuchadnezzar race' is the in- novation we have seen at Hamilton, as calculated to produce considerable fun. is another kind of sport that might be matised :— At Canterbury, New Zealand novel event was recently introduced. programme of athletic sports. This egg race ; distance, 70 yards ; entrance prize, 10s ; seven entries. The race skill as well as swiftness. The feat in carrying an egg in a tablespoon competitors mouth ; should the eggs be be touched by the hands, the com? disqualified. It is a very amusing affair it is reported that the various attitude sumed in attempting to preserve the brium of tbe egg would have afforded did subjects for tbe pencil of a Hogan Leech. No Telegrams. — Storms on the last evening prevented the receipt usual message. We are requested to invite tion to Mr. Bree's sale of Watefield and Simpson's town properly on next. 