THE WOOL TRADE OF 1872 The course of the wool market for 1872, erratic as it was, has yet a distinct bearing upon the prospects of the trade for the present year. Brokers writing in January last were able to predict from the experience of the previous twelvemonth that prices would with difficulty be maintained, and our telegrams show that their misgivings were well founded. The result of the sales just closed has been the establishment of a scale of rates 25 per cent, below that for Feb-' ruary- March, 1872, and this in spite of ihe circumstances that the quantity offered was not in excess of the average. The fact is the fluctuations in the market are traceable in many instances to much more remote causes than the actual extent of the arrivals in Great Britain and of the supplies catalogued at the London auctions. The marked revival in prices occurring two or three years ago was not due in any material degree to diminished production or importation. It was a per fectly natural reaction consequent upon an enlarged demand for woollen goods. Out of this demand arose a strong disposition towards investment in manufactures. New establishments were brought into operation, and competition for the raw material, which had fallen into a very languid state, was quickened to an extraordinary extent. Following hard upon this improve ment came the close of the Franco German war, which gave a fresh and healthy impulse to industry. Continental buyers who during the continuance of the struggle had well nigh deserted the sale rooms reappeared m full force, and purchases for foreign account began to compare favourably in quantity with the stocks retained for home use. . The full effect of the impetus given to trade by the restoration of peace in Europe was being felt when the year 1872 opened. Without displaying any tendency towards unhealthy speculation, manufacturers had purchased freely, and were keeping their mills in active operation. February brought an almost unprecedentedly large influx of foreign buyers, who succeeded in obtaining 80,000 out of the 115,000 bales sold, but only by running up prices to a higher standard than they had been known to reach since March, 1866. As compared with the previous November rates; an advance of 3d. per lb. upon fine Austra- lian sorts was realized. At the second series of sales beginning in April home buyers had it more their own way, and the market, weakened day by day until it had resu ned something like its November tone.' Of the 160,000 bales disposed of, only the odd 60,000 were sent out of Great Britain, the United States biddera securing: between six and seven thousand bales. It has been made subject for special comment' that none of the wool offer cl in the Feb ruary'March sales of the present year have found their way into American- hands— a fact probably attributable to theincrease- of the direct produce trade between Aus tralia and the States. The quantity of wool forwarded from these colonies to America and Canada during lab« year was close upon 32,000 bales, to which maybe added 37,500 bales shipped from the Cape.' The third series for 1872 opened on June 20,. and during the first day or two a further fall of Id. a pound had to be sub mitted to. As the sales proceeded prices hardened, chiefly through the competition of American purchasers, and auctioneers were able to report an advance which to a largo extent covered the falling off during April1 and May, and restored the February average. Combing sorts were in particularly good re quest at from ljd. to 2Jd. a lb. in excessof the rate ruling at the previous series, and it is wortny oi note that the demand for tins lescription of wool remained extremely active until the close of the year. This was aot so much due to the enquiry for the nanufactured article as to the necessity -n the' part of millownera of keeping, &eir; expensive machinery a-going. It Of jourse implied confidence in the buoyancy )f the market, but as a matter of fact th» recovery that was so hopefully looked forward: to by the manufacturing class hatf aot been experienced. - ?'?-- The- total quantity of wool sold between the 20th June and the 6th August wa» 204,066 bales, of which nearly one-half, orj EK),O00bales, found its way abroad. The fourth Beries, commencing on September 12, was\ so* faras prices are concerned, characterized by considerable vacillation. Buyers, although' tolerably ready to increase their supply of combing wool, were reluctant to operate in clothing kinds, which, however, maintained an approximation to the standard for June August. The number of bales disposed of was 124,540, of which about one-half waB pur*, chased for export. The last series for the year was entered upon on the 21st No vember, and resulted in the disposal of 69,399 bales, nearly the whole of which wrenfe into consumption in the mother-country. As before, combing varieties were much' Bought -after, realizing rates folly equal to the highest average in February. In cross breds, consisting largely of home-grown pro duce, the advance was also marked. Aus* . tfalian clothing scoured had to give way to the extent of from Id. to 2d.— a decline which has been carried forward in an aggra vated form into 1873. In this sketch of last year's wool trade we have alluded simply to the London sales, ' which now comprise little else besides the produce of Australia, New Zealand, and tha , Cape. The Liverpool sales on the other hand have to do with the produce of the East Indies, Persia, Spain and Portugal, South America, Prussia, the Mediterranean,' and so forth. It is calculated that the total product of wool during 1872 was as nearly as possible the same as in 1871, but the aggregate importations into Europe during: the later period fell below those for the year before last by about 180,000 bales, - the precise figures being for 1872 1,232,423 bales, of which Great Britain received in the first instance 1,002,423, and for 1871 1,315,549 bales, of which 1,079,562 bales were landed at British ports. Towards these totals Australia contributed last year 522, 70^ ,_ bales, and the year previously 567,013, the' discrepancy being accounted for by th& expansion of the direct trade with the= United States. The quantity disposed 6£ ' during the five series of sales in London reached for 1872 680,976 bales, as against 767,880 in 1871. At Liverpool the balance was the other way, 192,860 bales being sold during the six series of 1872, and only 158,944 bales during the six series of 1871. ' So far as we can judge; there 1b no reason for supposing that prices will fall below the level of the sales just completed in London. I Stocks at the beginning of the current year were reported to be not much, if at all, ? heavier than at the opening of 1872, and although the price of yarns and goods has decreased the prospects are encouraging, ? During the last two years, as Bhown by the Board of Trade returns, the exports of; ? woollen yarns and manufactures from the United Kingdom have increased by nearly 40 per cent.,, and that in spite of the limitation of trade con* * sequent upon the decline in rates. No- doubt some of the buoyancy d,ue to tte . cessation of the European war has dis appeared, but the legitimate demands oi consumption are great and increasing. ' The disorganization caused by trade disputes and strikes, the deficiency in the wheat and potato crops at home, the deamess of the necessaries ' of life and of fuel,' and various other matters tend to balk enterprise and disturb the healthy action of trade, but their influence is merely temporary. If the worst comes tc the worst, and the price of wool droops U something like the average of tw- or three years back, the Australian squatter will have a valuable resource in the shipment of preserved meats ; bat we do not anticipate any such decline. The English telegrams speak of an early recovery of rates, and although we hesitate to predict any material advance, we believe the Iowe3l point has been pretty well reached. Th- aheepfarmer will not have much to complair of if he continues to-command the quotation! now current. Tex Elections.— To-day the poll will take place for supplying the vacancies in the ^ Legislative Council, and returning a membei io represent the Burra District in the House of Assembly. So far as the elec^ tion for the Upper House is concerned, the comparative apathy with which the Candida ture of the thirteen gentlemen who have ?offered themselves has Been regarded by the colony generally implies that but little ex citement will be shown on the polling-day. There are some serious considerations, how ever, which it will be well ior the electors of the province to weigh before they finally decide to neglect the duty devolving upon them. No less than seven members have to be returned for the higher branch of the Legislature. As the total number of seats in that House is only eighteen, this proportion is a large one, and in many aittings. of the Council it will be a practical majority. The result of to-day's election may therefore be expected to have an impor tant bearing upon our legislation for several years to come. The weightinesa of this con aideration is augmented by the fact that at the present time many subjects intimately connected with the welfare and future pro gress of the colony are awaiting legislative action. It cannot be long before the ques tion of Parliamentary Reform, especially in the constitution of the Upper Chamber, will require to be dealt with. There ia even a possibility that the point of privilege pending between the two Houses may invest this subject with immediate importance. Again, the country is not likely to allow educational reform which has been so often called for to be much longer delayed. The questions of taxation and road administration are also impera tively demanding consideration, nor is it probable that their settlement will be post poned until the next retirement of members from the Council They will assuredly have to be dealt with by the House as it will be constituted by to-day's voting. In view of these aspects of the question, it is to be hoped that there will be no lethargy on the part of electors in concerning themselves with the present contest. There are plenty of candidates to choose from, and if colonists want their public affairs properly attended to, and the impor tant questions now pending wisely solved, they cannot do less than spare a few hours to record their votes for those they thought* fully conclude are the best men. It ia true that the House of Assembly has the greatest influence in initiating measures, but the power of the Council over final legislation must not on that account be overlooked. Unon it dettends the ultimate form anv 'Rill may lane ana its actually Decommg law after the Assembly has passed it. Past experience has shown that when popular interest leads to a large number of electors exercising their franchise the best men are returned ; but when this colonists are indifferent to the issue of a contest, and are too supine to take the trouble of voting, the less suitable men have often succeeded. These remarks will of course apply in some degree to the election for the Burra; but as the candidature of Messrs. Bean, Lindsay, and Kees has excited a good deal of notice and rivalry in the district there may be less likelihood of the least suitable man getting in through electors not troubling themselves to vote. Elsewhere we publish some particulars of interest as to the past and present elections. The Overland Telegraph.— Our readers are already aware that the Government are dispatching a party of about 50 men under the charge of Mr. Richard Knuckey in order partly to renew the Overland Telegraph line with iron poles, and we are now in a position to give some additional information on the subject. The Government have, through Mr. Charles Todd, C.M.G., Postmaster General and Superintendent of Telegraphs, engaged the steamer Lord Ashley for the conveyance of the party from Sydney, whether they will be accompanied by Mr. Todd, who sails next week in the Rangatira. The Lord Ashley will take with her the steam launch Enterprise, 25 tons register, ?which is intended to take the place of the Young Australian, if that steamer— regard- ing which the last news was that she was on a rock — ia still unserviceable. The party will disembark at the landing-place on the Roper. There have already been sent to this river by the Springbok 1,000 iron poles, and advices have been received that they were delivered there early in January. Soon after his arrival Mr. Knuckey will dispatch the 50 teams now recruiting at the Roper with these thousand poles, and also with the necessary rations. The iron poles now in Melbourne will be conveyed to the Roper as soon as possible, and if the Young Australian is found to be unserviceable, the Enterprise will probably be purchased by the Govern ment for use in towing the larger vessels and unloading cargoes. If the Young Australian should still prove fit for use, the Lord Ashley and Enterprise will be sent back im mediately. On the arrival of the remainder of the poles at Melbourne they will be shipped for the Roper. Mr. Knuckey's party will have to distribute 4,000 iron poles from a short distance north of Elsie Creek down to a point some 30 miles Bouth of Teunant's Creek. Besides this, Mr. little, the Station master at Port Darwin, will organize a party with 10 or 12 horses to plant iron poles alter nately with the existing wooden ones between Southport and the Katherine, and also to convey stores for the Katherine and Yam Creek Stations. Mr. Knuckey, in addition to carrying rations for his own party, will take sufficient stores to Daly Waters and Powell's Creek Stations to last until the end of 1374. From Port Augusta there are now^ being carted inland by contract teams 450 iron poles, and rations sufficient to provision the residents at Charlotte Waters, Alice Springs, Barrow's Creek, and Tennant's Creek, until the conclusion of 1875\. It will thus be seen that no time is being lost in carrying out the pledge given to main^n the Overland Line in so sub stantial a condition that it may alike defy the ravages of insects and the destructive force of storms and floods. Bank at Palmerston.— We learn that the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank propose sending an officer per the steamer Gothenburg to the Northern Territory to open a Bank there at once should the prospects con tinue as favourable as they are now reported to be. ' * The Kingston to Narracoorte Railway.— It is affirmed that Mr, Rogers, the Government JJesident Engineer in the South-Eastem Dis trict, is to have charge of the work of con structing the Narracoorte Railway. South to Nobth Australia.— We are in formed by Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., that there are now eongregated at Alice Springs the following travelling parties:— Mr. Campbell's, consisting of 9 men and 250 horses, going overland ; Messrs. Gilbert & Bagot's, comprising 6 men, and having in charge 450 head 'of cattle, also about 30 horses : Mr. Gosse's Government Ex ploring Expedition, including 8 men, besides the leader, 11 camels, and 27 horses; and Major Warburton's private exploring party, fitted out by the Hon. T. Elder, in which there are 7 men, accompanied by 20 camels and 19 horses Major Warburton is awaiting the arrival of Mr. A. G. Burt, who is now somewhere near Charlotte Waters with additional stores for the expedition. Astronomical. — We are informed by Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., Postmaster-General and Superin tendent of Telegraphs, that Mr. J. R. Hind, who was mentioned in our recent article on Vulcan, the supposed newly-discovered planet, as the Astronomer Royal of England, does not hold that position, but is Superintendent of the Nautical Almanac. When Mr. Hind wa3 a junior assistant in the Greenwich Observatory he was a colleague of Mr. Todd, and in 1843 he took charge of Mr. Bishop's Observatory. Whilst there he discovered several planets between Mars and Jupiter, for which service he received a pension from the Government, and upon the death of Lieutenant Stratford he received the appointment which he now has. Overland Telegraph Work.— The men engaged to accompany Mr. R. Knuckey to the Roper will be mustered in the General Post Office Yard this morning at 11 o'clock. Freights.— Those masters who hare sailed or are engaged to take cargo at 80s. per ton and over that rate may well consider that they belong to a favoured few when there are at present in Port Adelaide several fine ships which are offered from 60a. to 70s. per ton. The Vernon, which cam 8 here expressly to load wheat, is how ready to start for Newcastle, and another vessel is in process of taking in her ballast to sail on a similar voyage. This state of affairs is pre judicial te the shipping interest, because those captains who have made their way here to load up will be somewhat astonished at the rate offered. In the roads the Bertha, Gallovidian, and Queen of the Age are waiting engagements; but expectations of high freights, formed at a distance, diminish when vessels draw near. The Wants and Progress op Port Pirie.— A meeting was held at Messrs. Brown and Wood's store, Port Pirie, on Thursday evening, March 27, and a deputation wa3 then appointed to wait on the Commissioner of Public Works with reference to the making of the main street of the place. Mr. Hewitt presided, and Messrs. Galloway, Martin, Rickets, and others urged that the work was absolutely necessary. Mr. Simonds was chosen from among the members ef the intended deputation to draw up an address to the Commissioner, and attend with a copy of the resolutions. Other subjects, in cluding the dredging of the harbour, were discussed. The meeting closed with a vote . of thanks to the Chairman, This port seems to be going ahead. Captain Ferguson, the President of the Marine Board, who has been there with the steam launch Margaret and Government schooner Flinders, has begun to beacon the channel. The Hon. P. Santo has lately visited the locality, and the Commissioner of Public Works and the Sur veyor-General are expected there soon, A Customs officer, who also acts as Harbour Master, is stationed at the place. Wheat is arriving from the areas very fast. Immigration Certificates.— We learn that of the 71 certificates issued in favour of in tending immigrants during the half-year between July 1 and December 31, 1872, passages for 73 natives of England and Wales, §4 of Ireland, and 5 of Scotland were secured, and the total number was equivalent to 56 adult males and 72£ females. Under the provisions of the new Act and regulations, there have been granted 45 passage certificates, providing for the coming to this province of 34 English and Welsh, 37 Irish, and 10 Scotch folk. The grown people and children in this second lot are reckoned as equalling 36£ males and 40i females. Death of an Actor.— We mentioned on Tues day that Mr. R. Roberts, sne of the principal performers in the company at present engaged for the Theatre Royal was too ifi to appear, and expressed the hope which was entertained by his friends of his speedy recovery; but on Wednes day afternoon the news reached us that he was dead. Upon subsequent enquiry we ascertained that Mr. Roberts had been unwell for some time prior to leaving Melbourne, and upon his arrival here by the steamer Aldinga on Thursday, March 27, was so ill as to require immediate medical attention. He went forthwith to apartments at the Freemasons' Tavern, and Dr. Phillips, who was called in, was in frequent attendance upon the de ceased up to the time of his death. The disease under which Mr. Roberts suffered was inflammation of the kidneys, and it was greatly aggravated by the sea voyage from Melbourne. He was frequently seized with fainting fits, and it was shortly after oho of these that he expired. On Tuesday he seemed much better, and the favourable symptoms continued on Wednesday, so that his decease was unexpected, and the blow to his bereaved wife — who retains in public as a member of the same theatrical company her maiden name of Miss Polly Leake — was sudden and overwhelming. Dr. Phillips was present when the sufferer died. Dr. Peel had also been sent for directly the appearances became alarm ing; but the dissolution advanced so rapidly that before he arrived Mr. Roberts had breathed his last. Dean Kussell and Mr. Lazar called upon Mrs. Roberts, and the latter has been most assiduous in bis kind attentions. The deceased was well known in this colony ten years ago, since which time he has gained distinction, having gradually risen in public favour in Melbourne and Sydney a3 well as in India, He was a man of good attainments, and of versatile talents. His especial r61e was that of a light comedian, but he was almost equally at home in any ordinary character, whether juvenile, aged, or comic. He was generally looked upon as a very useful man, and the stage has sustained a heavy loss by his death. By all the members of the profession with whom ho came into contact, managers as well as fellow-actors, he was esteemed and respected. His wife accompanied him hither from Melbourne, but their three children were left in that city. His remains will be interred to-day at the West -terrace Cemetery, the funeral party starting from the Freemason's Tavern at half -past 2 o'clock. Fires.— At 6.45 p.m. on Wednesday a fire originated on the premises »f Mr. James Harkes, a tent and tarpaulin maker in Run die- street, owing to a coil of rope falling and upsetting the contents of a kerosine lamp which was standing on the counter on to some canvas and tar paulins. Reels Nos. 7 and 1, with the Superin tendent of Fire Brigades, were soon on the spot, but the flames had been then extinguished. The stock, which is uncovered by insurance, was slightly damaged, but the building, which belongs to the South Australian Company and is insured, was uninjured. — On the same after noon a fire broke out in a stable belonging to Mr. Condon, off Gray-street. Part of the build ing and a quantity of hay were consumed before No. 2 Reel arrived, but that appliance speedily got the flames out. Fine Hotel.— On Tuesday the erection of the Royal Exchange Hotel on a prominent site in Kadina was begun by Mr. T. R. Heath, the successful tenderer for the work, whose con tract price is about £3.000. The building will be commodious and striking. An Exchange Incident.— Mr. Jobber met a certain decently- educeted broker who had been unsuccessfully chasing shares and shareholders all morning, and the following conversation ensued : — Jobber— 'Well, a rush on again, I see. How are you doing ?' Broker (sorrow fully)— 'Ah! Ive been running after phan toms.' Jobber (puzzled and scratching his head)— 'Phantoms? Phantoms? I don't hold any. What stock is that ?' The broker is now, of course, very unwelL The Adelaide Cup.— The acceptances for the Adelaide Cup, at the May Races, will be re ceived by the Secretary at the Globe Hotel up to 8 o'cleck this evening. Thb Adblatob to London Telegraph.— At 7.45 p.m. on Wednesday the Superintendent of Telegraphs received the following message:— 'Communication Batavia to Singapore re stored.' v ?..?;.. . ..:.: Telegraphic Details.— During March nearly 24,000 telegrams were dispatched in this colony, which calculating upon the averages of past years indicates about 200,000 messages for the twelvemonth. This shows an unusually high rate in proportion to the population, being about one telegram yearly to every person in the province. In India during 1869 the internal and international messages numbered only a little over 522,000, in a country where there is a population of over 200 millions of people. During the same year 2,500,000 telegrams were sent in Austria, where the inhabitants number 22 millions, or one telegram to every 11 persons. Swoden, with a population of 4,000,000, transmitted along the wires 539,000 dispatches ; and in Norway, with 1,800,000 people, 400,000 messages were for warded. Belgium comes next to South Australia as regards the average business done, the propor tion being one message for every 134 persons; France sends one telegram for every eight people; Italy one for 14; Russia one for 38; and Spain one for 25$. In South Australia a tele gram is sent for about every nine letters, whereas in England, in 1866, the rate was one for every 121; in Switzerland one for every 69, and in Belgium one for every 37. Provincial Gas Company.— At a specia general meeting of this Company, held in their offices, KiBg William-street, on Wednesday, April 2, a resolution passed at a meeting on January 31, empowering the Directors to boirow £10,000 on mortgage or bonds, was unanimously confirmed. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and death registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 29th of March, were:— Births— Males, 22; females, 8; deaths— Males, 5; females, 10. Total— Births, 30; deaths, 15. Excess of births, 15. - Mishap.— On Wednesday morning Mr. John Bannister, of Wright-street, was seized with a fit, andf ell, thus cutting the back of his head. He was picked up by a pokcemanand taken to the Adelaide Hospital. The injuries are not serious^ and the sufferer hopes to be able to go home in the course of to-day. A Celestial Sportsman.— At the Port Lincoln Races a Chinaman not only competed, but won the Town Plate. He bears the name of Sune, and his horse — which, however, is a mare— no Irish bull here intended— is called Beeswing. The Representation op thb Sooth-E —On April 1 the Mount Gambier Standard —'Mr. J. Riddocb, M.P., of Yallum Park, Penola, has just carried out a change which has been contemplated for some time, by removing to Melbourne, with Mrs. Riddoch and family. The party were at Mount Gambier on Friday last, en route for Port MacDonnell, whence they went per steamer Coorong on Saturday evening. Although taking up his residence in the adjoin ing colony Mr. Riddoch's connection with and interest in this district will remain unchanged, and we may hope to see him occasionally amongst us. With reference to his continuing to represent us in Parliament, it is said that Mr. Riddoch has expressed himself as of opinion that it may, for the benefit of the district, be- found de sirable to make some change. We believe, however, that our senior member holds himself eatirely at the disposal of the electors, and in the absence of any intimation to the contrary we may safely say that the affairs of the South-East, in a Par liamentary sense^ are in good hands. His col league, Mr. Dernngton, who is understood to be fully engaged in conducting a cew and successful printing enterprise at Moonta, has thus far given no sign of any intention to resign his. seat. He will no doubt aot in concert with Mr. Riddoch in considering the present situation, aud he may also, with that gentleman, be relied upon to consult the welfare of the district in the matter. We hope very shortly to be able to satisfy the impatient curiosity of those electors who 'want to Know you know.' ' [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] Palmerston Gold Prospecting Company. — The Chairman of the Directors of this Company has received a telegram from Mr. Wilson, the Manager, stating that the extent of the claims he had secured in the Northern Territory was 88 acres at Howley Creek, and that gold was visible along the reef upon them. All the stores hitherto sent had reached the place, and the party were well. The Directors have engaged Mr. Butters, a mining engineer from Sandhurst, to take chaige of the property, and he will reach Adelaide per next steamer to proceed with the machinery, which is all ready, to Port Darwin at an early date. Bushfire. — An inquest was held lately at the Tungutta Police Station, in the Western Dis trict, by Mr. George Agars, J.P., with Mr. Russell as Foreman, to endeavour to ascertain the cause of a fire that occurred near the Pine Hut, one of Mr. P. Maurice's out-stations on the north side of the- Lake Hamilton Run, by which some fencing and a good deal of grass were consumed. The flames would have been most disastrous but for a sudden and timely change in the wind from north to south. Six witnesses were examined, and although suspicion rested upon two men who were when the fire broke out inspecting a piece of country they were about to claim, there was not sufficient evidence to enable the Jury to arrive at a defi nite conclusion as to the origin of the affair. A verdict was therefore returned to that effect, with a rider attached, censuring Mclntyre, one of the men mentioned, for not assisting to put out the names when requested. New Gold Discovert.— Mr. W. Jones has called upon us with a number of auriferous specimens which he has obtained from a reef situated at Moonlight Hill, near the Wheatsheaf Hotel, near Echunga. Gold is plainly visible in every stone, and the samples were obtained at a depth of about 30 feet from the surface. Mr. Jones purposes forming a Company, as ma chinery will be necessary to fully test the discovery. Anniversary.— In the CongreGptional Chapel at Milang the anniversary sermons were preached by the Rev. H. Cheetham, the pastor, on March 30. On Tuesday the Blanche, steamer, was generously lent by its owners, Messrs. Swannel & Wallace, for a trip across the lake to Point Sturt. There amusements were arranged, and lunch and tea were liberally pro vided by the united congregations of Milang and Point Sturt. A large company enjoyed the treat, and returned to Milang a little after Bunset. A Bolt. — About midday on Wednesday a pair of horses, one of which was young and rather frisky, attached to a licensed wagonette belonging to Mr. Carl Gors, and under the charge of Charles Smith, bolted from the North- terrace Stand during the driver's temporary absence. The animals rushed at a great pace southwards along King William-street, and when they were opposite the Southern Cross Hotel Mr. Richard George courageously caught their heads, and stopped them at the lamp- post in front of the Imperial Hotel. No great damage was done, Copper Hill Mine.— Captain John Warren wrote regarding tbe above mine, under date March 31, as follows:—' We have now in course of dressing a pile of ore, containing about six tons, the result of our workings at the 10-f m. I believe those operations have been remunera tive so far, but do not think they will continue to be so, when manual labour is employed in washing it, as at present. I have not been able to procure a whim, either new or second-hand, but have resolved to try and make one our selves.' Cundtjrakgo.— We learn from the English Mechanic that the plant, the extract or decoction of which is said to effect iuch wonderful cures in cases of cancer, has been analysed by Dr. AntiaeU, chemist to the Agricultural Bureau at Washington. The doctor finds the ratio of the wood to the bark to be as 5038 to 4972. The centesimal composition of the bark was as follows : —Moisture expelled at 212' Fahr., 8; aih matters or miceral salt*, 12; vegetable substances, 80. The vegetable matters were separated, and found to be composed as follows:— Fatty matters, soluble in ether and partly in strong alchohol, 07; yellow resin, soluble in alchohol, 27; gum and glucose from Btarch, 05; tannin, yellow and brown colouring matters (extracted), 12*6: cellulose, lymin, Ac , 63 5 ; total, 80. No crystalline alkaloid could be detected, and according to the above results, the therapeutic position of the plant must be among tbe aromatic bitters. As to its being a specific in cancer requires proof— proof which we are afraid will not be forthcoming, |V Mr. W. G. Luxmoore requests the special attention nf parties furnishing to his Sale This Day, at the Mart, of a Very Superior Assort ment of Household Furniture, &c;, being the entire contents of a well- appointed residence. Bale at 11 o'clock. 