WESTERN AUSTRALIA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDBNT.) FHEMANTLE, Fed. 2i Theie would seem to be a fatality con- nected with the Legislative Council in this colony, and intending candidates for that honour had better have their lives insured in tho event of being returned. During the -past three months the colony has lost by death three of ita ablest and most re- spected members of Council. Of the 12 elected members who occupied seats last session, one- fourth are now dead, and as the hon. the Attorney-General and the Chairman 1 of Committees have left the colony, next session will furnish some novelty. I men- tioned in a former letter the accidental death of Mr. Newman, caused by a fall from horse- back, and the death of Mr. Brockman, which followed immediately afterwards. Mr. Mar- mion was elected at Fremantle in the place of Mr. Newman.and Mr. Padbury was returned without opposition as the member for the Swan district, I have novr to report the death of Mr. Drummond, the member for Newcastle, which took place at his country house on the 8th instant. Mr. Drummond was an old settler, having accompanied his father to this colony in 1829, and resided in it e^ er since. He was a sensible, able, and kindly-hearted man, whose loss will be widely felt. The case of L, C, Burges, convicted some months since of manslaughter for shooting a native in the Northern Territory, has been adjudicated on by Lord Kimberley, who, in a despatch dated December 27, 1872, directs that the sentence of five years' imprisonment shall be remitted to one year. At the same time, he expressly states that "he must not be understood as questioning the propriety of the veidict of the jury, still less as passing any censure on the learned judge who pre- sided at the trial." The friends of Mr. llurges aie still agitating to obtain a free paidon for him, and much sympathy is felt« for liiin. We may now be said to have opened over- land communication, after an irregular fashion, with South Australia. The land which Mr. Forrest explored near Eucla during his famous overland trip, has now been stocked with sheep. Messrs. M'Gill and Kennedy arrived safely at Eucla Bay with sheep, after a long and fatiguing jour- ney. Mr. G. Muir has, us yet, been unsuc- cessful in finding water in the back country, but continues to search ; his Bheep are thriving. Two of Iiíb men stole horses, and made their way to South Australia. Mr. Dempster, a settler at Esperance, in the southern part of this colony, has had an encounter with a native, who had lobbed one of his shepherds' huts, taking norn it rations, gun, and ammunition. Mr. Dempster followed him with two native tiackcrs, and the first notice they received of being in his vicinity twns a gunshot, which mortally wounded one of the trackers. The fellow, after a second_shot, which wounded Mr. Dempster on < tho head anti neck, en- deavoured to wrest^a double-barrelled gun from the other tracker, upon which Mr. Dempster shot bim dead. He proved to be a man who had tiavelled some time since to Eucla Bay in Mr. Muir's service. From Champion Bay we hear of the disco- very of another splendid lode of galena. The lode is nom 1ft. to 3ft. Oin. in width, aud ueaily pure lead. The cutter Gem had arrived from Melbourne in 15 days, and .biought with her a manager and seven miners, with machinery and plant for "the smelting works. Frepaiatious for the due representation of West Australia at the approaching Sydney Intercolonial Exhibition are going for- eword, and it was hoped that we should have had an opportunity at a local exhibition of seeing the aiticles before they were forwarded to Sydney, but ,this would have occupied too much timo, and the exhibits must go round without our having the satisfaction of inspecting them. The Bungaree sailed on the 19th inst. with 200 packages for the Exhibition, and it is hoped she will make a safe voyage. One ¡valuable product w11 be shown in diminished quantity, for the vesBel containing samples of copper from the northern mines has un- fortunately gone ashore, and been totally wrecked. This "schooner, the Twinkling Star, left Champion Bay on the 25th January, - and met with very heavy weather and dense fog or smoke, probably the effect of the many, and extensive bush-fires which just then were sweeping the country. The captain found himself unable to make out the coast- line or see the lights ; strong currents swept her to the south, and on a datk night, without a moment's warning, she suddenly struck' on the locks outside Gaiden Island. The pas- sengers and crew were saved, but the vessel Is ti total loss. . i From the small .metiopolis of this large countiy there is little news of general in- terest. The usual "one-horse" races have taken placeman attempt at a horticultural Bhow* has been made and failed, and one or two modelatcly good concerts have been held. ' We aie conscious of a want here. West Aus- tralia is never puinfully lively, but the dul ness now is an awful ana marvellous duluess. The opposition papers are dying of inanition,. and there can be no doubt that the colony ' without its Colonial Secretary somewhat re- sembles a watch without its mainspring. 