Miscellaneous Professor Haselmayer at Me- CHANICS' Institute'. — This celebrated necro mancer is to give two grand farewell enter tainments at tho Mechanics' Institute on Monday and Tuesday evenings. The pro gramme for these will be new, and comprise Professor Haselnmyers performance on a. grand piano. On this he is- to play the Carnival de Venice with ji common clothes : brush, and also new airs on his stylocavfe. The educated birds and white mice arc to go ' through their performances, and the white magic and new illusions are to consist of some really startling feats. Tho tariff for admission has been reduced to million prices — 2s front seats, Is back seats. A Treat for -tile Invalios. — On Wed nesday Professor Maselmayer wrote to Alfred. Jnnes, Esq., Superintendent of the Invalid Depot and of the Pfcnal Establishments, stating that it would give him (Professor ?Maselmaycr) great pleasure to contribute to the enjoyment of the inmates of the Invalid Depot and lie begged to invite them to an icntertainmcnt to be given by him at the jMechanics' Institute on M'inday evening. iMr.Jor.es in -reply, on behalf oE tlie invalids. : thanked Professor Haselmayer and gratefully accepted the kind invitation. This exlubi itionof kindly feeling towards the poor old ,'inmatcs of the- Invalid Depot is highly cre ;ii!Mvuicau j.'1'uiussor jLiikseiiiiaycr an also to Mr Jones, the superintendent of the estab ilishment. Cricket---- Launceston Club. lSXorthern Colts. — This match will take place-on the Launcestemi ground on Saturday (to- din) wickets to be pitclted at O.IiO a.iuv sharp. The following are the teams :— Launces-ton Cricket Club.— W. A. Collins (Captain), T. Hogg, J. A. Ferguson, W. T. Glynn, T. K. Atkinson, li. K. Palmer, C. W. linclier, Dr. Maddox, IL Smith, and F. H. Moore; emer -gency man, G. A. Green ; umpire) Mr James Long. Colts. — G. -Bailey (Captain), J. Rladdox, .P. Taylor, P. Aruher; Vf. Martin, -1X. 8: Hales,. U. Knating.F.Evans.G. Croome. C. Watson, G- Watson, F. Watson, H. Wat son, P: Barnes, L. Harris, Vt. A.. Hirchall, F. Bailey, II. Walker, R. Gatcnby. lrrni)ire, K. E. Lettc, Esq., -M.ll. A: Wc- iiitriso all lovers of cricket to witness this interesting ma tub. CARRICK SUNDAY SCHOOL<. The anniver-ititiCK bux»AY hoiiooii. — X tie aiimvcr sary of this school will take place on Sunday next, at the new public school- room, when the Rev. Joseph White will conduct the ser vices. The usual tea meeting will be held at 3: p.m. on the following day. HERRR CARL SCHMIDT -------It will interest many of our readers, to, know that Herr Carl Schmidt, the celebrated violinist and organist, is about to settle in Tasmnnia. Herr Schmidt has purchased a sheep station in the Avoca district, and intends at once entering upon pastoral pursuits. We have all heard of the fabled lutes of the- primasval shepherds, and we hope that Herr Carl will not altog.cilier lay aside his. favorite instrument, but that; we may sometimes bo favored by his assist ance at our Launceston concerts. Herr Schmidt exedes.upon the violin and organ, and for proficiency in art. was— about two. years ago — created a chevalier of the O icier of)S^. Michael by His Majesty the King of Bavaria. 'Miss Juno and the Sick Actor----Miss Juno having been informed that an actor was in the Launceston Hospital ''a stranger in a strange land.'' te ady seemed to re- ceive the news as something importaint, and after breakfast walked up to, the hospital on Wednesday, and called upon this destitute member of the profession. After the interview Miss Juno, directed that what ever the poor gentleman required of extras should be allowed and charged to her account. Her feeling find thoughtfulness are remark- able. Having heard that n. Scotch lady was suffering from long illness, she requested a friend to present the lady with a. bouquet of flowcrs, and what was far better, with her own heartfelt sympathy. Such traits as these prove that the aecomplishod artiste . feels quite as acutely as lior;audience the{?} scenes she so vividly depicts. More 'News FROM FINGAL.— A letter re- ceived by the legal manager p£ the Golden Gate Quartz .Mining 'Company says that after driving the cross-cut from the tunne1, 41 foot, quartz commenced to inake in the wall, which .was a nice solid. body., '.In (t}iis, gold is. visible 'in various places. ..The.reef 2 feet thick, is enlarging the further 'tho drive goes on/ . .Sudden Death.— On Wednesday mom-, ing Constable Cole brought information to town that a man named John Fitzgerald was found dead in his bed at Corniiston, West Tamar. Itappears that Fitzgerald, who was, about 05 years of age, was working at Mr Thomson's hop grounds, sleeping in an out building during the week and returning home to his family, who reside in Margaret-street, every Saturday night. On Tuesday morning he. started from town to return to his . work, but was seen resting by the road side several times during the day and did not reach Cor miston till five o'clock in the evening.] .The next morning one of the servants on going to call him found that he was dead. He leaves a wife and five children destitute.) As de ceased had been suffering from asthma for many years, an inquest; was not deemed necessary and he was buried y . tert'ay.; . ,; Bidding kou Mortoaoeu PnorEUTY:— Mr Thomas Prosser, i summoning officer of the Court of Requests, iLaunccston1, offered for sale by auction' at' noon ? yesterday;' '? in; the case Yarnell v. 'Dickenson, the defen dant's right, title, and, interest on an allots ment of land, with house, : in Eardlcy ^street as the execution in the matter had not been satisfied; The ?? only bid was that' of £2t- made by the plaintiff and the lot was knocked down to ?? him at that; price. On being in formed there was ; a mortgage on the pro-', perty he said he was. not aware of that when ^he bid and he referred 'Mr Prosser to; his solicitor; Mr Miller, for payment. ??;????' Municipal Election; Evandalr.— The only candidates nominated on Thursday for election . as councillors in, the room of Mr James Cox and Dri Stewart,, were Mr';Ed ward'Ayton, of Railway Cottage, Kirkdale, and WilliamReid, of New River Mills; neav Perth.' ' . The only ?' candidate ' nomina- ted.' at the extraordinary .'election' : of^ a councillor in the room of Mr John Gibson on Wednesday was. Mr Williariv East, of Esk Brewery, Perth. In each in stance the Warden,' W.'Sidebottom, Esq., as' Returning Officer, declared the gentlemen nominated auiy eiecieu. ; The Utility of Bush Fires.— There is it seems a use for everything, even for bush fires, which most ;people look upon as unmiti gated calamities! .The Geelong Advertiser reniarkson,this.subject : — Bush fires ? To the uninitiated this will appearstrangc,but it is no less '-strange than true, It is now so long since some of the stations in the forest country have been visited by a bush fire that the grass is so tall and-rank that neither sheep nor cattle will eat 'at.' A large land owner in the Cressy district also attributes the presence of locusts to the fact' that there have been so few bush'fires lately to destroy their eggs. He states that sometimes a per son .can travel half a mile and see butyery few of these pests, and then come to another half-mile 'so crowded with them. that the herbage is literally hidden' from view. , Northern .Horticultural Society. — Thf- sn'rinir exhibition. of this societv. which was postponed from 27th ult. to 28th jilt, on aecount.of the wet weather, was held on the latter day in the afternoon and evening. The weather again . proved inclement on Friday, the fain beginning to descend in torrents; about' 4 -p.m., and continuing ,for severaV hours subsequently, and the attendance con-' sequently'was very limited. The rifle band marched through the principal streets of the town en ' route. , to ..the ' gardensj performing several airs, at about 7 p.ni.,and arrived at the pavilion the}' went through the programme previously aunouricpd. The few visitors who patronised the exhibition retired soon, after 9 p.m., and the spring show of 1873 was brought' to , a close. Not more than £5 for admission was taken on both days, and the, expenses of 'the show, irrespective of the prize money, will amount to close on £30. The prize money after all is barely sufficient, in most cases, to meet the cost of bringing plants and other exhibits to the show, and some effort should be volunteered by the public to assist the society in such an exceptional case as this to surmount the difficulty of paying prize money out of an empty treasury. It has been suggested by some gentlemen who desire to aid the so ciety that subscription lists should be opened, left at the banks and other public places, and have the town canvassed to raise a suf ficient sum to defray the incidental ex penses in connection with this rather unfor ' tunate first show in the new pavilion. The society has been established and maintained as a valuable andnecessary publicinstitution, for the elevation of publictasteinfloriculture, and much ornamentation and decoration of happy homes has. been the result ot the operations of the Northern Horticultural Society. To aid the committee to meet thc-ir obligations will be a meritorious act, and we hope to see the matter; taken up and carried out with warajth and spirit. :? ' - Tenders for New Buildings, Brisbane; and George-streets.— The tenders for the erection of three shops and dwellings1 for John Fawns, Esq., at the angle of Brisbane and George-streets, were opened at the. office of Mr Peter Mills, architect, on 28th ult., as follows :— Mr Sherlock, £3150 ; Mr Win. Titmus; £2951 ; Mr J. W. Lloyd, £2785 ; Messrs. Galvin and Ellis, £2781 ; Messrs. Gunn and Dean, £2654 ;' Mr David Scott, £2587 ; Mr J. ? Waugh, £2,500. .;? Mr ;F. Lockie, £2474. - The ? tender .of Mr. Lockie was accepted and the work of construction will be proceeded with at once. These buildings being . first-class will greatly im prove George-street, and enhance the value of other property in their vicinity.. Launceston Artillery Challenge Cur. ? The twelfth competition for this cup came off at the butts on Saturday last with the following result:— '??':'' ' ; ? ? 200 300 400' 500 Points Tl. '?' ?''*— ' '? yds. yds. yds. yds. Alld. ?? ? - n Vnather... 16: .8 '. 13 9 ' nil : 46 S. G.Mackay 11 9.' 8 5 10 43 T.Prosser... 15 12' 13 ' 6 10 56 ? J. Gurr ? 15 6 -10 11 'nil ' 42 J. Rfiid ...... 14 9 12 0 5 ? 40 VV. Croft ... 10 8 15 10. 10 53 R. Ferrall ... 18 13 18 6 ni7 55 ' J1. Hely... ... 15 11 9 11 5' 51 K.Easther... 9 7 12 13 nil V 41 A.Blair ? 15 12 6 5 10 48 The weather was fine, clear, with a light ?breeze from the S.E., when the first squad fired,butd.uripethe firingof thesecond squad, dense banks of dark clouds came up from the N.W., the wind blowing fresh and render- . ing steady aim difficult. Sergeant Prosser has become the winner for the first time,_but gunner Ferrall pushed him within one point of a tie, wliije allowing him ten points, lie (jf'errall) having been twice a winner and handicapped five points for each. Vice-Regal. — We ave informedfthat the coach in which His Excellency the Governor, family and suite returned to flobart Town, 'belongs to the Governor and not to Mr Page, ?jvhO nerely provided the horses as usual. ?; ... Odd . Fellows' . , Anniversary — The members of the Loyal Cornwall Lodge M.U.I.O.O.F.,celebrated their anniversary on Tuesday by a tea meeting and concert, held in the Public Gardens. The weather was delightful, and the success which attended this spirited, venture on.the pnrfcof the mem bers of the above lodge should induce other societies to follow their example. The Pub lic Gardens have always been a favorite place with the Launceston sightseers, anil now, that. there is a good pavilion the enter tainments can , be varied and . made to suit nearly all classes. The tea was announced to take place. at 7 o'clock, and by.that time between, four and ' five hundred persons, were, comfortably seated at, the., well, sup- plied table's^ a large portion of the company being ladies., Mr H. J; Dean, of the Corner Cafe, Brisbane and St. John-streets,, was the caterer, and we must compliment him oil the very liberal manner in which, he per formed his contract, the tables being literally covered with pastry and cakes of all descrip tions, biscuits, sandwiches,' &c;, and a very fine display of fruit. To say that he gavo; general satisfaction would hardly express the high eulbgiums, that were passed on him by. 'the greater portion of the company, as when .the, tables were deserted there still remained enough, to supply the same number again., After tea; the St. Joseph's fine brass band promenaded round the gardens to a lively .march', and then took up their stand near the ?fountain, and played. a series of dances, the .lawn being very liberally patronised by the lovers of the light, fantastic toe. At nine o'clock an. .adjournment was made to the 'p'avilioii'rfqr.'.a.tconcert. ; The platform had. heen nicely .arranged with . the 'curtains : and .scenes! belonging to the Catholic : Young. Men's Society, some of the .members, occupy ing .the . platform, and after a short ! musical interlude i'n which some good songs were sung, the performance was concluded by. the musical burlesque of ' The. Hunch- ' back.' Mr T. Sharp, presided at the pianp; to accompany the singers, the St. Joseph's baud occupying the orchestra. The pavilion^ whs f-jisf.hfullv ilnp.nriitpfl wif.li' nvr»r(rpor-ns. the banners of the Order,arid a large display j of bunting. .... ,.''.',. ., ,..' .'.--'.,./ Crickbt.-t-A scratch match was: played on Saturday on the ;L.C.C. Ground 'between members of the club,, the -first eleven playing '. 22 with Hogg and. Bailey. There was not a very good . display , of cricket , on either side. The eleven had to play with only ten men,.and out of. these there,. were but two who managed! to get: into double figures. C. . Rocher- played steadily and made, 22, top score; J. A. Ferguson being next highest with 11 j the total when the ninth wicket fell was 83. G. Collins dis tinguished himself as abowler, seven of the wickets being/credited to him, and the other two to Bailey. The . twenty -two were also reduced in their numbers, only sixteen put ting in an appearance. J. Taylor .made top score, with 10 ; the whole being disposed of for 66.' The bowling was pretty good, W. A. Collins with his slows tiikinir fnnr wickets. J. A. Ferguson, however, made ; the bestayerage, six.wickets being placed to his credit. ...'.. .-'.., -..':.- i The Mount Bisciiorp Tin Mines.— The j latest advices received from the ..cbiripauy's \- works at Mount Bischoff ; state that the, miners have got at the junction of the tin : lode with the slate formation. . The tin dips ; there at an angle of 45 degrees. The Go vernment surveyor, Mr.Sprent, lias been instructed to.' survey the road from the township of the Waratah to the open coun-, try on. the proposed new route. By this route Knole Plain will be left two or three miles to the southward. ? Hit *t.mkh'r TTnttP fhirmnfr R*TiT*ATir school. — The services in connection with the twenty-fifth anniversary of the Chalmer's Free Church Sabbath-school, Princes Square, Launceston, were held on Sunday last. The minister of the church, the Hev. J. Lindsay, preached in the morning, from Psalmlxxviii., v. 7. '.! The report on the state of the school was read, showing that there are 84 girls and 74 boys in attendance in the general classes, 16 attending Bible-class, and teachers 16;. total, 194 engaged in the work. The stand ard of attendance has been higherthan usual during the past year, in many cases being absolutely every Sabbath. The library has received accessions of books, which have been well used by numerous readers. The Rev. ;J. White, Wesleyan minister, preached in the evening from the Second Book of Chronicles, 34th chapter 2nd verse. The subject of each sermon was very appro priate to the occasion, and each was treated in a manner well calculated to impress upon the minds of old as well as young the advantages which must follow the keeping the commandments of the Lord and doing tlifif \t»T»i/»Ti 'i'e **Ji»lif in Viicj oin-Ufr ? ' ? T^Vin nVififrtK ' II11UVII 1JIVI1 A£) il^llU 111 ilLO t^ljjllUi JL. 11\\- VjUUlUl ' was well filled at the morning service, and in the evening it was crowded to overflowing. Many failed to get admission. The hymns selected were very suitable for giving ex pression to the feelings of the children, their relatives, and a large congregation on such' an occasion. They were very sweetly sung by the children, who had been well trained by their leader, Mr Johnston, of the Me chanics' Institute. Mrs McDonald presided, at a Mason and Hamlin organ, and performed the ?accompaniments to the hymns in a manner which enhanced the beauty and 'solemnity of their effect. At the morning service the collectien amounted to £26 3s, in the evening to only £11 17s although the congregation was much larger ; total jE38. The scholars attending the Sabbath School connected with Chalmers Free Church assem bled there at noon onTue3dayand miuntedon thirteen cabs and cars started for tliat favorite locality for alfresco fetes, Glen Dhu. Each vehicle bore a flagstaff: on which fluttered a brilliant standard of the school. The gay cavalcade proceeded from Prince's Square, down John-street, to Brisbane-street, ineiice.into unanes, jMizuoetn, ana wening ton-8treets to Glen Dhu. Some of the happy occupants of the vehicles were singing their anniversary hymns, but others, the boys o£ course, preferred expressing their gratifica tion by cheers, three times three oft repeated and. one cheer more. The weather was deilghtf ully bright and fine.; We understand the children all spent the day very happily at various games, and were sumptuously entertained on all good things in season. Strange if Truk. — In the hospital of the Pehtridge Stockade, says the Daily Telegraph, is a, prisoner ; at the point of death, undergoing a sentence of two years' imprisonment for perjury, who is possessed of property of various descriptions valued at £16,000. Al though this man has five or six children, he made a.will previous to his conviction be queathiiig the entire of his property to his eldest daughter, and not providing for any of the others. Several influential friends who have visited him have made every effort to Induce him to devise his estate in a more equitable nmniior, but without effect. Distribution of Prizes for Literary 'Composition. — Our correspondent at'. Cir-! cular Head favors us with a full account 'of the second annual prize distribution at Cir cular Head, and he has forwarded lis a pamphlet containing verbatim copies of the ' whole of the contributions received upon the occasion of the four prizes being awarded by the committee of the Stanley Reading Room and Public Library, on the evening of Thursday the 20th November. The con tributions ' consist of original, very 'ori-j ginal tales, poetry, riddles, and conuu-' drums. ' The pamphlet is ' illustratecl by a view of Stanley , at the base of : the Circular; : Head ' Niit. : The production— ;' Composed on a love letter from A Maid to iboctielor' desieryed a prize, but like 'other' works of labor and love, it was probably not ; rated at its' true merit. . Dogrell, a Stanley aspirant for ' poetic fame; has immortalised IGriffin's horse in verse cunningly constructed as per sample : — ; ,' It works but ill, this railway biil, '; : Men speaking in langungc plnln, 1 Of rates unpaid, and ill-will made; : From Hobiirt to DDloniino.' Mount Bischoff seems to have inspired some of the Stanleyites with new ideas. One asks why is Mr Philosopher Smith like-Marshal Mahon. The reply is that ' MarshalMahon ? was the hero of Malakoff.and Mr Philo sopher. Smith is the hero of Bischoff.' .The committee rejected three pieces of poetry, one being over'sixty lines, quite an epic.and the other-two under twenty lineseach. These have not beeii printed but they should have ;been-.as literary 'curiosities, -if, they were worse in style or composition than some, of those pi inted. ? ' ?? ? Cressy:— The. anniversary of the Cressy Wcslcyan' Sunday School was celebrated-on Sunday last.,- Two impressive, discourses . were .delivered morning , and evening.by . the Rev.. N.; Bennett, superintendent ; of ; the district. ,;, Suitable hymns were sung, by a,' large number of male: and female Sunday, |scholars,w,hqse well trained voices sounded Imost harmpnidiisly. In the afternoon sur rounded.with the. teachers and the children's numerous ?, , friends, the., rev. .., gentleman .- awarded the prizes, and gave an. address verifying the necessity and encouraging the practice of religious ..teaching in the Sunday School. On Monday the children assem bled at half-past 2 o'clock p.m., and were ;sumptuousl3r. entertained, and while so being :i'bgaled, , and undergoing the process of 'what one of their teachers termed 'filling, up,' it : was. pleasing to witness and-' to - know that such a numerous progeny were so well cared for and religiously taught; and to see them enjoying themselves upon the co-operative principle of Divine truth, loving each other while Supreme love ruled overall. After the children: were satisfied, upwards of 200 teachers, and friends began i their warfare upon strong tea, and its many etceteras, there being a larger number of ? friends with an increased contributio n than at any previous anniversary Damage. to the Submarine Cable.— As if there were not plenty of natural obstacles . in the way of successful submarine telegraph, and that, too, from an altogether unexpected quarter. The commander of some vessel, we ;gather from our Adelaide telegram, having fouled the cable between Singapore and Penang with his anchor, deliberately severed the wire with ? an axe, :in order to save perhaps half .an .hour's trouble. It seems, therefore,. that the Australian'eoloiiies were deprived of their ordinary. channel of tele graphic communication with ^Europe .for some days last week sb-.hat*sqm'e',sea captain might not suffer, temporary inconvenience. It is to be hoped that the reward offered by: the Telegraph Company may make us ac quainted with the name of this public-spirited sailbr.'-..v. « ?' ? '*. ?????.; ?? ..-;.-. ' ? '.??..??', '?-. The Ballarat Courier, of Monday states :— : : 'An interesting ceremony was performed early yesterday, morning at Christ Church, :by the. Rev. G. W. Torrance, who united in the holy bonds of matrimony the celebrated gymnaste ' Lottie- Angell 'and her ' cousin ' Victor. The usual announcement (contain ing the real names of these public favorites) appears as a marriage notice in another co lumn.' The following is the announcement referred to : —'?.??Marriage.'' — Potter— Arm- strong.— On the 30th November, at Christ Chuich,.BaHarat;by the Rev. Geo. Torrance, M.A., „ Richard Swift Potter,,.son of R. F. Potter, inspector G.P.O., .London, to Char lotte Emmeline Armstrong,- daughter of: Tomas Armstrong, C.E., of London.' ; .-.: Mii Ireland's visit to Tasmania.— The patrons of the drama will, regret to know, says the Daily Telegraph;- that Mr Ireland's connection with the Melbourne stage- has been discontinued. This . , will have been perceived ? from an advertisement, and we: understand that his engagement with the managers of the Theatre Royal having ter minated last week, Mr Ireland is likely to ; . New Zealand, and will probably visit Eng land before he renews his acquaintance' with the Melbourne public. The proverb about, a rolling stone does not apply to professional ladies '. and gentlemen of proved capability, arid while Mr Ireland's friends and admirers will be. sorry to lose him from the stage he, has so long rendered attractive, they will, have no fear respecting his success in other spheres of action. ? ; : ? . : i . Thb Tichborne Casej— rThe following jea d'esprit '? has been received ; (says .the Bendiyo Advertiser) by a person in this colony f rom one of the ' intenuinable, array of barristers' engaged in the Tichborne trial:—-; . . ?' ?? ? ', : : ,????? . -..' ;; ??, ?? ' .-? COUNSEL FOB PHOSECnilOH : .... j ? The name of defendant is Orton Who lately a great Bwindlc brought on, And Btrivea to aver That ho is the heir, . : A thing that should never be thought on. ? . COUNSEL. FOR DEFENCE: .. ; The name of my client is Tichborne, ' A party remarkably rich born ; ? So don't heed the stir Of those who aver He's a beggarly butcher, in ditch born. Dr, Bright's Phosphodyne. — Multi tudes of people are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits Delusions, Unfitness for Business or Study, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Power, &c;, whose cases admit of a per manent cure by the new remedy PHOSPHOR DYNE (Ozonic Oyxgen), which at once allays all irritation and excitement, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled consti tution, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. Sold by all chemists and storekeepers throughout the colonies, from whom pamph lets containing testimonials maybe obtained. Caution. — Be particular to ask for Dk. Bright's Phosphodyne, as imitatio ns are abroad ; and avoid purchasing single bottles, the genuine article being sold in cases only. 