ROADS BOARDS. NORTHAM. Monthly meeting, September 6, 1872. Present — Mr. J. Delmage (chairman) Messrs. J. T. Cooke.J. Wilkerson, H. Leeder, J. French, and G. Throssell; absent— Mr. C. Taylor. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The following accounts were presented and passed tor payment : — W. Thompson, for contract and sundry repairs on the Green Hills' Road, £31 14s. 3d.; Ward Swain, for 15 weeks, work of one- home team and two men carting gravel and repairing road on the Northam and Guild- ford line. £8 8s.; C. Carter, for repairs done on the Northam and York road. Pro- posed by Mr. G. Throssell, seconded by Mr. J. French, and carried unanimously, that a letter be addressed to the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, soliciting that an extra sum of £60 may be added to the grant to this district tor the conservancy of roads, &c.;, for the year 1874; this Board having been compelled to take that amount from the last annual grant to pay for repairing the damage done to the Salt River Bridge by the recent flood. Proposed by Mr. J. Wilkerson, seconded by Mr. Cooke, and carried unanimously, that the Chairman be requested to write to tbe Hon. the Colonial Secretary, stating that tbe saplings, branches of trees, &c;, cut down on and alongside the road leading from Northam towards New- castle for telegraphic purposes have been left strewn along said road, thereby doing considerable injury in blocking up trenches, frightening horses, &c;, and if not removed betore summer sets in, may cause much damage, as being ready fuel for bush- fires; requesting at the same time to be informed as to whose duty it is to redress this grievance. An extra sum of £4 was voted for the repairs of certain portions of Katrine Causeway road, which required to be done forthwith; and Messrs J. T. Cooke and J. Wilkerson were requested to employ labour to perform said repairs. THE ROEBUCK BAY ASSOCIATION. — We are requested to state that the meet- ing of the shareholders of this Association advertised to take place on the 20th inst. will be held at 3 o'clock p.m., instead of noon, as previously notified. 