LYNCH LAW AT THE CAFE DIAMOND | FIELDS. I fFrotn Ote Natal Mercuri/J I Sir Henry Bahkly's visit to tbe diamond fields ' will, we hope, result in tbe establishment of a govern ment there. The Lynch riots are a conclusive reason why there should be no further delay. Public opinion has at least been arouBed, and will stand no further trifling. The diggers bave tested their strength and found a footing. Having combined once they can combine again, and eaoh succeeding combination will find tbem better organized for effort —better prepared for resistance. We feel sure that Sir Henry will find a determination throughout the field to suffer no longer tbe dominance of an executive so apathetic and so powerless as the rule of Messrs. Campbell, Barry, and Thompson. A modified form of self-government, under a responsible Lieutenant Governor, is probably what will suit tbe fields best. The district is not only self-supporting, but in the produoer of a large and increasing revenue. If all the moneys aocroing to the Admantine exchequer from local souroes were applied to local purposes, and were other legitimate and unobjectionable souroes appealed to, every want of the community might be supplied. An effeotive administration — a vigilant police— a regular postal system— a com petent judioiary — these and other pressing require ments, such as hospitals, asylums, and roads, might be forthcoming without any undue pressure upon the diggers. A contemporary hopes we like the pioture of the state of society at the fields presented to us by the last week's adviceB. We may not like the details of the pioture ; nor do we like the causes which have led to tbe events depicted ; but we do like the good wrought out by popular exoeeses at New Bush. These exhibitions of popular indignation and popular will have bad the result already of extorting from tbe government concessions found to be necessary to the very vitality of diamond-digging — concessions which ought to have been granted long ago. Moreover, as the question has been raised, we mny as well point a local moral with these Lynch riots. They are entirely the result of a do-nothing polioy on the part of tbe government. As the looal authorities were impotent to obeck diamond stealing, and unless these thefts were put a stop to digging must be a faroe, the people naturally took the law into their own hands. We should be the Ult to justify any each lawless excesses as those indulged in. They are inevitable, however, in any free community of Englishmen, where the law is powerless to proteot either property or life. Sooner or later euoh outbreaks must ooour here if the arm of jastioe fails to reach offenders and to punish offences of a far blacker dye. Oivil authority, in short, throughout South Africa, may take a lesson from the proceedings at Colesberg Kopje. By the orderliness of the diggers during two years of toil, we may he convinced tbat they would never bave resorted to Lynob law except in the last extremity. Consider the position. Iu diamond- digging the natives employed have every opportunity of secreting and stealing diamonds. That immense numbers have thus been purloined there is conclusive evidenoe. Diamonds are to be met with emongBt native tribes living at long distances from the fields. Every energy ought to bave been strained by government in order to cheok these crimes, and above all, to punish tbe real origin of the offences— the criminal diamond-buyer. Is it probable tbat men will bear disoomfort and other concomitant drawbaoks, in order to have their just gains stolen nnder their noses P Though ws may deplore the lengths to which popular anger went, we cannot be surprised that it took form in a violent attempt to stamp out a crying mischief. Suoh will be the final end of judicial apathy in other matters. Is it not better to prevent these outbreaks rather than to bewail tbem after tbey occur f The more we deplore Lynch law, the more ought we to guard against its enforcement. We suppose that even the most thin skinned opponent of tbat system will admit that the oure is not better than tbe disease. Better put down native outrages by summary justice, than enffer these outrages to continue. But better far that suoh outrages be crushed out by regular judicial notion, than that reoourse be had to the rough and ready tribunal of popular justice. , Serious Affbay at the Sbbtentine. — A seri ous affray took place on Wednesday evening at tbe Serpentine, in which Mounted-oonstable MoGnire, Stationed at that plaoe, received a dangerous stab from a knife in the front of the left shoulder while attempting to arrest a man named William Wil liams. The struggle. must have.bsen a . severe one, although the oonitable was assisted by Mr. Lawson, Of the Serpentine, who was himself stabbed between the forefinger and thumb of the right hand. The man Williams is now lying in a critical condition in the Inglewood look-up, suffering from severe contu sions on ihs hill, received during the struggle. From what we have been able to learn respsoting the particulars of the afiray, it appears that Constablo MoGnire had been absent from ths Serpentine polioe station on Wednesday last, visiting a bush fire. Wben near the station on his return, about seven o'clook in the evening, he was aooosted by Williams, who stated that bis boras, saddle, and bridle were missing from the poat-oEoe store, where he had left them. The constable told him to look about for tbem; but Williams rafnssd to do so, alleging that it was the constable's duty, and making nse of some opprobrious epithsts at Us same time. He left ths constable, however, but soms time after wards went to the polios-station, and informed the oonitable that he had found the missing property, at tbe same time demanding lodgings for the night. The oonstable advised him to go to Lswson's hotel, ss hs could not give him lodgings; but Williams stated that fas had been refused, st ths same time abasing the constable. Shortly aftsrwsrds the con stable went with Williams to Lswson's, to see if lodgings oould be obtained; bnt ths inmates would not admit Williams, stating that they were full. This was between ten and eleven o'olook on Wed nesday night. Willisms turned round upon the oon itable and commenced abasing him and the force generally, defying any polieeman in the colony -0 touch him. Be became so noisy thst Oonstable MoGnire determined to arrest him. Williams rushed the constable, who struck him, and et the asms time called upon Mr. Lawson to auist him.- A violent struggle then ensued between the three men, Williams beieg a powerful man, and making I de termined resilience At tbe eommsn cement of the struggle the oonstable saw a knife in Williams's hand, and soon afterwards found that hs was stabbed in ths flsshjr part of the left ehoulder. The out, upon examination afterwards, was fouod to bs about two inobes long, and psoetrating into ths bone. Mr. Lawson was also stabbed betwsen ths forefinger and thumb of the right hand. Aftsr ths constants aud Mr. Liwson had succeeded in hand cuffing ths prisoner, be broke away, daring either of his antagonists to touoh him. They succeeded in securing him, however, and took him to the Serpen tine police ststion, bringing tbeir prisoner into In glewood on Friday morning, about five o'clock^ Tbe oonstable and Williams were examined by Dr. Starke, end were both pronounced to be in a oritical condition. As showing how severe and deadly the struggle between the two must have been, it may be stated that the clothes worn by the constable, as also those worn by Williams, were completely satu rated with blood, while the slit caused by the knife is plainly visible, hsving passed through Mo Quire's coat and two shirts before touching the fleBh. Had tbe knife-wound been given but en inch or two to one eide, there iB very little doubt but that the con stable would have been mortally wounded. The prisoner being unable to leave bis cell or the oon stable to leave bis room, Mr. Orme, policemagis trate, attended et tbe lock- up, informed tbe prisoner of the nature of tbe charge against bim, and re manded hilftfor eight days. Constable Mc Quire was remover to the Inglewood hospital, where he now lies, end it is very doubtful whether he will be able to resume his duties before a month or six weeks at the least. 