THE YEOMAN. HEDGES, SHADE TREES, AND FENCES. (From tha Australasian.) THE re-reading, at the last meeting oi the National Agriculturist Society, of Mr. Mitchell's paper, entitled " The Land the Best Bank for the Farmer," elicited a capital discussion on the vexed questions, " whether hedges and shade trees are beneficial or not," and " what is the best material for a farm fence." The discus sion was wholly unexpected, Mr. Mitchell having treated his subject in a general manner, and having apparently omitted matters of detail upon which differences of opinion were likely to arise. The as semblage was the largest that has taken place at any of the society's readings. There was not only Mr. Mitchell's paper to discuss, but Mr. Lyall was to address the members on " The rise and progress of long-woolled slieep in Victoria"-a sub ject upon which, from liis lengthened ex perience of the Cotswold and Romney Marsh breeds, he is regarded as being entitled to speak with authority. Mr. Lyall, however, before applying himself to his special task, requested to hear the experiences of the members on the utility of hedges-a debateable point he had dis covered. in Mr. Mitchell's paper, and on which he had heard and read widely dif fering opinions. His appeal elicited a hearty response from a number of gentle men who are engaged in the business of stock-breeding, including the Hon. Robt. Simon, the president (Mr. Samuel Wil son), Mr. Robert M'Dougall, Mr. James Robertson (Aberfeldie), and Mr. R. K, Hammond. These all spoke in favour of unshaded and unhedged grazing-grounds. Mr. M'Dougall explained that when stock were afforded the opportunity of shelter ing themselves they impoverished the pas tures, by making for the nearest tree or hedge as soon as they had done feeding, and the tree was thus fertilised at the expense of the pastures. It was im possible to keep up the condition of the grasses if the stock were invited to leave their grazing ground for so- called shelter. He had a farm which a former proprietor had subdivided with belts of plantation, which elicited the warm approval of visitors and expressions of regret that more belts of a similar description had not been planted. For his own part he wished that none had been planted ; his experience had taught him that stock throve better in the absence of any such protection. Other speakers referred to the innutritious nature of grass of tim bered country, and the improvement which at once took place after " ringing and by the whole of the speakers above named hedges were condemned as useless. Mr. Robertson would use stone in the construction of fences, and had done so, as the members were aware. The diffi culty of preserving in good order, in this country, any considerable length of live hedge was cited as an argument against the use of that kind of fence, even where a fence was indispensable. The cost of hedges was great, and many years were occupied in growing them, whilst they were exceedingly liable to destruction by fire. The only members who spoke in opposition to these views were Mr. Patterson, of St. Germain's ; Mr. J. C. Cochrane, of Gl^nroy ; and Mr. Mitchell, the author of the paper. They considered hedges essential to good farming, and beneficial to the stock and crops in afford ing shelter to both against rough winds and cold weather; but rather inconsis tently the use of deciduous hedges was advocated ; those, being bare, are void of power to afford shelter in the winter, when shelter would be most required. There can be no question whatever that a meeting composed chiefly of arable farmers would have supported the views of the minority at the late National meeting. They have been used to hedges from their infancy, and they have never been accustomed to question their utility. The question now raised, almost for the first time, is really one of the most im portant that could engage the attention of farmers of every degree. The construc tion of fences involves the expenditure of millions sterling, even in a colony of such limited extent as Victoria. The work of raising hedges, be it remembered, cannot be commenced on taking posses sion of new country ; the land must, in any event, be temporarily fenced with posts and rails, or posts and wires, as hitherto ; a hedge needs the protection of a fence during the long serieB of years that must elapse before it can perform duty as a fence against stock. Each season it must be trimmed at considerable cost, and, in spite of good management, gaps are nearly sure to appear at intervals. Then hedges, even upon farms, are veiy liable to be destroyed by bush fires, and as grazing becomes more general, this liability will be likely to increase. It may be, and indeed it is, urged in favour of hedges and belts of plantation, that the grass upon land thereby partially sheltered grows more freely at all seasons of the year; that grain crops grow higher and stronger, and that cattle thrive on less food during the cool season of the year. Before any decision can be arrived at with regard to the alleged augmentation in the growth of grasses, it will be necessary to determine whether the nutriment is in creased in proportion to the increase of bulk, or whether the latter consists of more elongation rather than of healthy growth. It is asserted by those who advocate the use of live hedges that the stock-carrying capabilities of pastures are thereby much increased, and that no loss, but an absolute profit, arises from occupy ing a portion of the ground with hedges. The opponents of hedges advance diame trically opposite arguments, and it is not easy to suggest a method of arriving at sound conclusions. And yet each, differ ences can be settled in no other way; mere assertion signifies nothing. The hedge advocates can point to numbers of intelligent land and stock owners in the Western district who have at great cost established belts of plantation across their estates. Would it not be desirable to ob tain some account of their experiences 1 The question cannot be regarded as settled, it has not even been probed below the surface. In the abstract, stone walls may be considered model fences for a country that is subject to bush-fires, and were stone everywhere obtainable we would feel no hesitation in declaring in favour of its application to such pur poses. Breaches are easily repaired, for the material is always there. The first cost is greater than of wood, when the latter is at hand, but for performance and durability stone has no peer ; moreover, it takes nothing from the soil; the grass at the foot of the wall is as aweet and nutritious as that in any other porfcion.of the field. Four of the men charged atParramatta with rape were discharged of the capital offence, but remanded on that of aiding and abetting, as it was stated they were bystanders when the offence was com mitted. 