COUNTRY LETTERS. SALISBURY, Jadmit M. A lugs quantity of wheat is being dispatched from this station, and the energetic agents of the carrying Companies are doing their best te facilitate its delivery. MKADO WS, January 28. After the holidays the lieensed school was opened with a slight increus# in the number of pupils over previous years. Another family has left, and two more will be shortly. By a large bush-fire between this plaee and Paris Creek on Friday and Saturday several fences and a few bushels ef wheat were burnt. Several ether fires wore ragii^ around. The bridge end approaches at MeUarg*s Greek will soon be completed. GULNARE, January 24. Many farmers have finished wheat-cleaning. Steps are being taken to ereet a public school room, there being a bloek ef land reserved by Government for the purpose. The anniversary of the Union Sunday-School in Gulnare North, held at Mr. W. Russell's homestead recently, was well attended. The proceeds of the tea and eolleetioue, about £6, will go towards providing prises and school books. ETRATHALBYN, January 25. On Thursday 'William Freeman, who was working for Mr. R. Hooper, was jerked by the starting of a hens from the top of a wagon-load of hay to the ground. Hs was much shaken, but was removed to his home yesterday. Mr. and Mrs. Hooper had every care and attention paid to him till he left. RIVERTON, January 27. The death of Rev. R. 0. Bandt, Bible Christian Minister of this place, is a loss severely felt by his congregation. The funeral sermon was preached on Sunday evening by Mr. Blatchford to a large congregation. Mr. Bandt was a young man of considerable ability, and made many friends amongst all classes wherever he went. On short notice, and when wheat growers and buyers were as busy as bees, Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Hill gave literary entertainments to moderate audieuces on Wednesday and Thursday evenings. In the selection of pieces for reading or reciting the lady had verge enough for the display of those specialities in which she excels j but as her performances have been before fully reported upon it is needless to repeat the list of her renderings. Her husband also sustained his reputation, evoking roars of laughter by his presentation of Hood's comio correspondence from the "Pug6by Papers," and working up the feelings of the listeners with the sensational poem of the '* Leap for Life." The evening was spent in showing, to use Mr. Hill's own language, that although Bhakspeare had been often banished from the stage and the Institute, yet black faces and bones, breakdowns and inane burlesques, "Tommy Dodd" and the "Blue tailed Fly" will not much longer be master of the situation. Mr. Hill's closing remarks on the influence of cultivated speech and public amuse ments on national character and national taste were replete with common sense, and the pro ceedings closed with a genuine burst of applause that must have convinced the elocutionist that his views and aspirations were understood and appreciated. TRURO, January 29. On Saturday the eldest son of Mr. J. Mor phett, whilst bringing a load of wheat to Pruro, when near Denbies intended jumping off the wagon te fix some bags which had become loose, but got caught by the reins and tumbled. The front wheel passed over his left leg, breaking it in two places. The homes, which are exceedingly quiet, stopped at once, otherwise a more serious result might have happened. The young man was taken on Sunday, via Kapunda, to the Ade laide Hospital. GREEN'S PLAINS, January 27. The desirability of building a schoolhouse and master's residence was discussed the other day at a meeting of ratepayers, but no definite con clusion was reached. ANGASTON, January 30. Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Hill have given a literary entertainment at the Institute to a good audience, and they stated that should 'circum stances permit they would revisit the neigh bourhood before their departure from the colony. Harvest operations are now nearly finished, and most of the farmers for once at least are well satisfied with the returns, except those growers who had fallowed their land. Such com plain that their average will not exceed from four to eight bushels, but some lands that have been constantly cropped during 20 years have averaged from 25 to 30 bushels per acre, the latest sown crops in most cases being the best, KAPUNDA, January 30. At Messrs. Ghilloni & Co.'a Waxwork Exhibi tion in Crase's Room a good number of persons have gratified their curiosity by a view of the collection of figures. Wheat is still coming in freely, and at the Railway'Station there is a considerable quantity of grain awaiting transmission to the Port. On Wednesday a welcome heavy shower afforded pleasure to householders by putting water into their tanks, which in some instances had become empty. GLARE, January 29. On Friday evening Father Kelly gave an interesting lecture in the Town Hall on " Mary Queen of Scots." The attendance was large, and every person present seemed to enjoy the address, Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Hill gave an entertain ment on Monday evening to a fair audience, who appeared to appreciate the talent displayed. It has been raining since Monday morning. PALMER, January 23. Harvest operations are fast drawing to a clo; and the farmers seem satisfied with their retur both in quality and quantity. A frightful bush fire has raged for a fort-nig towards Wellington. It looks 20 miles dista instead of 70. Last Thursday one of those gatherings whi tend to increased union and good- feeli amongst populations in the outlying distri took place, and was a credit to the promote Mr. Giles's large wheat store being finish* the farmers asked for its use to hold it a festival, as harvest was neaj over; and he at once complied. A Co mittee then made preparations, aud the a£ went off with eclat, the place being decora with evergreens and flags. Host Paech lent harmonium, and with the aid of a cor nop* the music supplied by Messrs. W. Schultee ! A. Myers was excellent. The affair was all more successful because it was away from hotels. Dancing waa kept up with spirit i good feeling till morning, and everybody pleased with their night's amusement. Last week a farmer impounded the pigs a butcher, whereupon the latter desired to £L the agriculturist; but the former, not desirin oonteet, ran away pursued by the tradesma both on foot. As the butcher lost ground returned for his horse. The settler then into a section, and with a big stick in his hi dodged his opponent by going ever and throi fenoes where the horseman could nat get quickly. After an hour's chaeo the strur was discontinued, and a Court will next j bably hear the merits of the quarrel. Mr. A. F. Morgan, a resident, had a h< which for a long time suffered tt was suppo from eating grass-seeds, thus preventing poor brute from feeding properly; but curio, led to the beast being lanced, aud a stone size of a pullet's egg was takan from its j which is now getting right again. JiurpOSKD Lxcendiabism.—On Thursday night, January 36th, a large stack, containing about 50 tons of hay, belonging to Mr. W. Bond, con tractor, near Kapunda, was completely destroyed by fire. The flames were first observed between 9 and 10 o'clock, and the fire continued to burn fiercely for several hours until the whole was consumed. It is strongly suspected that the stack was wilfully set alight, as the tracks of a person from the fence leading to the haystack were discovered on Friday morning, and the police are out in search of the supposed in cendiary. It will bo seen by the telegram published elsewhere that a man named Michael Lynch has been arrested charged with the offence. The Hor Choi- is Mount Gahbier.—The bop crop (says the Hocd-ec Watch) we regret to say is not looking by any means so promising as it did this time last year. The extraordinary prevalence of south-easterly winds _ during the past month, varied by the occasional tierce north winds of the past fortnight, have been greatly against them, damaging more particu larly the outside rows. However, it is still hoped, should the weather prove more favour able between this and picking time, that there will be a paying crop. The area in full .bearing ibis year will be about 25 acres, or fully three times the area picked last year. 