FARM HEDGES. No. II. We resume this subject, in fulfilment of our promise to say something about the best kinds of hedges and the modes of raising them. It would occupy little of either time or space to write all that could be profitably penned in reference to eligible hedge plants. They are, indeed, few in number, and, strange to say, the best are not natives of the country, although it is to plants of that class that farmers are most inclined to resort. We will mention, in the first place, the species that are available, and afterwards assign to each its degree of eligibility. Of the gums or eucalypts we have already briefly spoken; to theBO follow-Acacia armata (the prickly acacia of the shops), the kangaroo thorn, Bursaria spinosa, the gorse or furze, the sweet briar, Hakea bracchyrhynca, the bramble, the Cape lycium or box thorn, the almond, the olive, the hawthorn, the Osage orange, and finally two or three of the Bpiny Gleditchias-a long liBt of names, comprising few that are intrinsically good. We will first weed this lot, and then proceed to treat of the others. Of the two acacias the kangaroo thorn is the better; A. armata is too apt to die out, and does not submit to cutting as well as the other species. Bursaria spinosa Bhould answer well where the seed is procurable, but it has the very bad fault of spreading all oyer the land, and of thus fouling the pastures, its spiny branches causing it to injure the fleeces of sheep-a disability which it shares with many other plants which would otherwise make moderately good hedges. The Bursaria is a Blow grower, and would not be proof against cattle for veiy many years. The gorse or furze quickly attains the height and width of a farm fence; it has been much used in certain districts- chiefly in cool ones and it forms a good fence against sheep and goats, nor are pigs apt to push through -a well-established bank of this old British plant. The objections to furze are its lia bility to be spread all over the adjacent land by meanB of its seeds, and the facility with Which it takes fire-that being an important Objection in a* country so subject to bush fires as this. The sweet briar makes a moderately strong hedge-not quite bullock proof-and it is easily raised from seed upon the spot It is, however, a most noxiouB freed wherever it once gains a footing. The bulpy seed envelope called the lip is much Felished by birds, who, in devouring it, carty jmd distribute the seed all over the adjacent fields, so that the grain and all other crops become fouled by this persistent and in (tractable weed. If legislation is required (ox justififtbleKagainst the use of any plant, jt would be so against 8 wee t briar. Although ; the furze, and even the kangaroo thorn, are liable to spread, their increase is confined to the land on either side the hedge; they can therefore, be easily kept within proper httutfl by adopting suitable measures when the hedges receive their annual eliding. Hjakea bracchyrhynca is a dlbtf-growing na wanting in stiffness, but presenting a formidable barrier to small stock in th® spines of which its foliage consists. It is rather irregular in its habit of growth, and Raps are of too frequent occurrence in hedges formed of this plant to permit us to classify it as eligible. The common English bramble, not the Victorian one, makes a broad' dense ifence, and we know of no real objection to the use of this plant except its tendency to occupy a greater width of land than should properly be allowed to fences. Bush cattle would probably tread the bramble down, but there are really few or no live fences that would be impregnable to a mob of wild stock. Of this, however, more anon. The Cape lycium, or box thorn, is, like the hakea above described, too weak and wanting in stiffness to form a real fence against stock ; it is, besides, apt to spread itself from seed, and as its berries are often r carried away by birds, it is open to the objec. tion urged against sweetbriar; we, therefore,* place it on the list of ineligibles. At the Cape of Good Hope the almond was used many years ago as a hedge plant, and some very capital fences were formed of it. The long shoots, instead of being cut off, were bent down and interlaced, so that the fence became in time impregnable. When old, these hedges furnish crops of fruit, but as seedlings only are used in forming the hedge, the produce is apt to vary greatly ; this evil no doubt might be obviated in a great measure by selecting the seed for sow. ing. What we have said of the almond will apply almost equally to the olive. Seedling olives make an excellent hedge; but the olive grows readily from cuttings, which the almond does not, and thus farmers who pos ses a valuable variety may Easily, and with certainty, perpetuate it. Olive hedges, how ever, are not looked to as a source of fruit, but there is really no reason they should not be ;if thebedges would occupy more room than they are usually permitted to do, they would at any rate yield a return in the fruit. The Gleditchias triacanthos and horrida are deciduous acacia-like shrubs from the Cape of Good Hope, bearing most formidable spineB ; not a word can be urged against these plants except that the seed is not pro curable in sufficient quantity, or at a suffi ciently low price. A full-grown fence of either of these shrubs would turn even a mob of wild bullocks. In the same category must be ' placed the Osage orange (Madura aurantiaca), a North American deciduous shrub, which, in the hands of those who will nmnagA it rightly, is capable of being formed into a fence im' penetrable equally by rabbits and bullocks. The seed, which is obtained from the terri toxy of the Osage Indians, is rather costly and there is, besides, much uncertainty regard ing the percentage that will stand. In some seasons the seed has given 80 per cent, of plants, in others not more than 20 per cent. It is very important that the seed be quite fresh, and there is reason to believe that our American cousins have not been over scrupulous in their dealings with Victorian seedsmen, but have sent Osage orange seed largely mixed, old seed forming the bulk. At all events, Victorian growers of plants and importers of the Beed have been discouraged ® questionable whether any more seed will be imported. Some of the older trees in this colony have borne seed for several years and eventually locally grown supplies will no doubt be obtainable. We now come to the last, and to that which is really the most generally useful plant of the whole list for the special purpose of making farm fences. J ne common hawthorn has no rival, no peer as a hedge plant in any district in which English grasses and ordinary English farm crops will succeed. In hotter parts of the continent it must give place to native plants, but wherever it will grow the haw thorn makes at once the most compact, the longest lived, and most useful of farm hedges. In this country it 6oon arrives at the seed-bearing state, and, therefore, plants will be more and more readily procurable every year. During the present season the demand has overtaken the supply, an indi opinion is taking the right direction. This raisers of quicks will do well to note, and -arrange for their future supplies on a proportionately larger 