In our last issue we made allusion to the un formed state of our streets, but we did not feel disposed to say much on a topic the discus sion of which would not lead to the impression on the minds of strangers in a distant land that we, with all our elements of wealth, cared much about such evidences of refinement as the well-kept lawn, the garden, the taste fully laid out flower-beds, and those well twined vines that adorn English homes. There may be some excuse for this indifference of the people about the appearance of their dwellings as they are so migratory in their habits. The nature of their employment, which they do not look upon as permanent, and that unsettled feeling which pervades the minds of people not lone: from the land where they enjoyed warm friendship and the comforts not to be met with all at once in a new country, renders the mind indifferent to the cultivation of those flower-beds which give such an appearance of home comfort. Not only is all that surrounds them strange, but they find considerable diffi culty in adapting themselves to their altered circumstances. Among the many other things that influence the mind to feel discontent with the locality in which they happen to be placed is the complete absence of the appearance of everything around the dwellings of the people that would suggest the presence of domestic happiness and content. It is not in country places only where this is observable, it is even more so in towns and villages. There is a lamentable indifference among all classes about public pleasure grounds and places where a leisure hour on a cool evening or a holiday can be enjoyed, or where children can congregate for the purpose of healthy recrea tion. The beauty and loveliness of the climate invite us out to inhale the refreshing breeze ; and after the confinement and close application to business during the day, there is scarcely anything more refreshing than a walk out to enjoy the pure balmy air. But this pleasure is curtailed while there is scarcely an object to delight the eye. The scenery and natural features around may be grand, and even en chanting in their primitive state, but the wants of man soon despoil them of their pri mitive robes of beauty in order to serve his utilitarian purposes, regardless of the appear ance they may present to the eye. How differ ent the landscape now to what it was wheu the tall cedars graced the banks of the Hunter, and when the creeks and rivulets were adorned with the flowering vines and twining parasites, affording shelter to innumerable birds of the loveliest plumage. The occasional bush-fires the aborigines kindled when in the pursuit of game kept the country tolerably clear of the decaying timber and the prickly scrub that is now so dense everywhere. Those forests, from which we now turn away as wholly uninviting, once presented to the eye of the first settlers the appearance of an English park. Doubt less, it is better that we should fell those towering trees for the timber, clear the land for the growth of cereals and vegetables, and put up the unsightly slab-hut, and parcel out the lovely domain over which the thoughtless aborigine strutted in majestic freedom with posts and rails that so soon present the appearance of delapidation. We console ourselves with the reflection that, if we have denuded the country of its natural beauty, we have turned the soil to more profitable use by raising crops sufficient to maintain a dense population. All this is well so far as it goes, but it is a low state of civilization that is merely content with a supply of the animal wants. These benefits we might have without such a sacrifice of the other demands of our nature did we only attend to replace the native plants and shrubs with the still more beautiful from other lands. The soul thirsts, however unconsciously, with an intensity scarcely less ardent than those of sense. This we believe to be one of the rea sons why there is that feeling of discontent* that restlessness which renders the people so disposed to be migratory. The cheering, satis fying, and elevating influence that the gratifi cation of the eye with pleasing objects produces on the mind is beyond calculation. Any one who takes a walk through the ground in front of the Lunatic Asylum cannot fail to be influ enced in a high degree with the improvements Mr. Cane has made there. Here are to be seen, planted with much taste, young trees, shrubs, and flowers of various kinds — all arranged in such order as to almost lead a person to envy the unfortunates that are de tained there. Beneficial as these improvements undoubtedly are to the imbeciles under that gentleman's care, it would appear as some misapplication of taste to have them there, where the mind is so impaired as to be unable to fully appreciate either their beauty and loveliness or the well-kept lawn on which they gaze day after day. It is not so, however. There are, we are assured, among those patients not a few to whom these flowers and plants are a great solace in their lucid hourg. But why should snch delightful spots, that must yield high gratification and pleasure, be confined to incurable imbeciles 'i Mr. Cane, we know, offers every facility .on all proper occasions to the public to enjoy the pleasure and gratification these grounds are capable of i affording. But still they are too limited. We should be glad to see him enabled by the Government to extend his tasteful improve ments over all the ground from the quarry to Church- street, and, if the regulations admitted of it, over the whole of the reserve. We believe, with a little nid from the Government, he would soon have the whole of that square beautifully laid out and tastefully planted with trees, and in years to come it would prove a great ornament to the city. But speaking of the city, leads |to take a wider range of thought. There is the reserve on the hill, above the Asylum, extending over the Horse shoe, which might be so far improved as to have so many trees planted there as would in time afford a lovely shade to those who walk thereto enjoy the luxury of the refreshing sea breeze and a view of the ocean stretchiDg out before them. With a very little expense this might be made a beautiful promenade. It is immaterial whether it will be used as a reser voir by-and-by, or devoted to the purpose for which it was originally reserved — a botanical garden ; laid out in walks, with trees planted at regular intervals, it would in no way intor fore with the object for which it was set apart. Were it doited all over with young trees, that would in time afford refreshing shads as well as add beauty to the scenery, the walks might be made afterwards, and more seats added, as might be found convenient ; but the trees would be growing, and every year they would be adding to the beauty of the place. Then, there is another place which might, without much expense, be rendered a pleasant spot, to which families might resort as a charming place for picnics on holiday occasions. We em and western sides might, at very little ex pense, be rendered very pretty if planted with shrubs and such vines as would thrive in such a situation. We do not expect much from the Borough Council. The only thing we can suggest is for some of our more influential citizens to apply to the Government to have so much of it handed over to trustees as might not be required for the wants of the lighthouse. One or two labourers for a few weeks, with a few loads of rubbish mixed with the clay on the spot, wonld be amply sufficient to turf and nl.int the whole nlnee. Wi- lmvn nn doubt whatever that, if Newcastle had a little more attention bestowed on it in the way of plant ing the reserves with trees, and a little orna mentation in the way of turfing the parts that are bare, it would become a favourite spot, not merely for invalids, but for the most fashion able in colonial society. The holders of pro perty especially should direct their attention to this great want of the city. Suppose a few more families came here to reside, just as many as would occupy every house to be let at the present time, it would occasion a very great rise in house rent. This improvement would induce capitalists to invest money in more buildings, and, possibly, in tenements of a su perior kind. Here would be an advantage for mechanics and labourers. The effect of a small influx of population is much greater than what is usually supposed, and on the other hand, the departure of a comparatively few families produces a depression to a cones ponding extent. In concluding this subject, we would just say that we know of no invest ment that would repay the citizens to a greater extent, or lead to more beneficial influence on the minds of the people than the ornamentation of the public places about the city. 