REPORT. 1\. Gage's Road off the Town of Fremantle at the entrance of the Swan River, is open to the North- ward, but sheltered to the South and Westward by Islands, Reefs, and Sandbanks. Although during the prevalence of North and North- west winds considerable swell rolls in, yet the holding ground being good, well-found ships have no difficulty in riding safely provided due attention is paid to their anchors and cables, and as these winds seldom last long, but quickly veer to Southwest and South little delay is experienced in discharging and loading cargoes. Immediately the wind ceases the water be- comes smooth and intervals of from 5 to 10 or 14 days' fine weather ensues. 2\. Anchorages.—The usual anchorage for ships drawing over 16 feet water is a little west of the Beagle and Minden Shoals, at about 1½ miles from the Jetty. but at a distance of ¾ of a mile, and inside the shoals last named, good anchorage in 3 to 5 fathoms is found for 6 or 8 ships; this anchorage is always used during the summer, or about 9 months in the year, and is, as well as the outer one, easy of access by day or night, with or without a pilot. 3\. Weather.—During what may be termed the summer months, 1st October to 1st May, the pre- vailing winds are from E.S.E. and S.W., generally blowing fresh from S.W. during the latter part of the day, with easterly or land winds at night till about 10 or 11 a.m. Few westerly or northerly winds of any strength take place until the middle of June, these may be expected until the end of September, and are most prevalent at full and change, but frequently pass off with heavy atmosphere, lightning, thunder and rain, after which the weather clears up and sets in fine for many days. Although fresh winds may be looked for at those periods, in many instances they do not occur, leaving unbroken periods of weeks of the finest weather imaginable, and not to be sur- passed in any climate in the world. The Winter Gales, as they are termed, seldom last more than 3 days, including the day on which they commence, and that on which they clear up; this I note as a rule—of course there are exceptions. 4\. Fogs are unknown with the exception of smoke from bush-fires, prevalent in the months of January and February: the atmosphere may be said to be always clear, and the land may be distinguished at a reasonable distance. 5\. Tides are so insignificant in strength as not to claim any attention in connection with steam naviga- tion; the Port waters are generally still, and the bottom in the anchorages may be seen during 9 months of the year. 6\. Pilots.—A pilot is stationed on the Island of Rottnest, on which stands a revolving light; a con- stant watch is kept day and night, as well for ships as the light, and notice is given to the pilot on the first appearance of signals made by shipping, when the pilot proceeds in the necessary direction. In the case of Mail Steamers arriving in heavy weather, even without a pilot, there would be no difficulty (if provided with a chart of the port, Commander Yule's-Directory, vol. iii., and the assistance of the lights on Rottnest and Arthur's Head) in proceeding to Gage's Road, and anchoring in any part there of. 7\. Coaling and Hulks.—In the inner anchorage before mentioned, Coal Hulks might he moored in safety, and being ships of 500 or 600 tons would feel so little motion during 9 months of the year, that the long Mail Steamers could lie alongside to coal; or at such a short distance from them as would enable the coaling to be performed with very little difficulty, about two 30 or 50 ton schooner-rigged lighters might be attached to the Coal Hulks, and be of assistance in discharging coal from coal-ships into the hulk, when the ships could not lie alongside her. The ground tackle for the hulks should be good and heavy. 8\. Boats.—There is a good supply of decked cargo boats from 10 to 20 tons, there are 3 boats belonging to Water Police Establishments, 3 to Harbor Master's Department, and the pilot at Rottnest, has two boats with a crew of six men. 9\. Remarks.—Although Gage's Road in former years was considered unsafe in winter, it has long sustained a very different character, all well-found ships discharge and load there at all seasons in pre- ference to lying under Garden Island, eight miles from Fremantle. Printed directions are handed to masters of ships for their guidance while in the Roads, a copy of which I attach hereto. I deem it unnecessary to comment on any of the other anchorages in the port, as ample information concerning them may be obtained from the Directory before mentioned, except to note that Port Royal or Careening Bay in Cockburn Sound is well adapted for the repairs of ships, that timber is abundant, and a diving apparatus is always at command. (Signed) J. HARDING. Harbor Master. 20th July, 1864. We publish below with much pleasure as report of operations performed, by the Melbourne and Champion Bay Lead Mining Company, in the Narra Tarra Mine, situated in the Cham- pion Bay District. This Report is addressed to Charles Crowther Esq., the present Agent Agent for the Com- pany in this colony. Up till very lately the affairs of the Company have been in a somewhat languishing state, not from any fault of the mine, but through the carelessness, apathy, or incapacity of the men whom the re- presentatives in Melbourne of the Company have hitherto sent out to superintend its affairs. It has been a repetition of the old story, that what ought to be a flourishing and re- munerative industry is often allowed to droop and pine, for want of proper means being taken or persisted in to render it productive. Our large natu- ral resources are constantly thus treated. In this particular instance, however, Mr. Crowther has effected a marked and decided change for the better, and his name and position in the colony ought to be sufficient guarantee that the interests of the pro- moters of the scheme will be carefully watched and guarded. When he took charge little or nothing had been done; but he has exemplified the cor- rectness of the old saw, "new lords, new laws." Since the commence- ment of his reign upwards of fifty five tons of lead ore have been shipped to Melbourne; and, at present, with only a small number of men, the Mining Captain Harvey is raising from fifty to sixty tons of ore per month. On another section of the property the company is now employed in erect- ing smelting works; and its staff is augmented by a manager and a num- ber of miners, passengers from Mel- bourne in the Gem cutter. This is one of the results to which we pointed as likely to be brought about by the very fact of the bad seasons for agriculturalists in the Northern Districts. "Oftentimes celestial benedictions Assume a dark disguise," and if the inhabitants of the neigh- bourhood of Champion Bay can be in- duced to turn thier attention towards the profitable employment of diving into the bowels of the earth and ran sacking her hidden treasures, instead of unprofitably scratching her face to 'induce her to bear crops which she is incapable to bear, the visitation of red-rust which has wrought, so manch damage, ivill in future years be looked back upon, certainly as a mixed evil, possibly as a positive good. The following is the report re- port referred to :— MELBOURNE AND CHAMPION BAY LEAD MINING COMPANY. Report of the Narra Tarra Mine, East. Since the sailing of the cutter Gem on the 8th December, 1872, with 55 tons of lead ore, mining operations have been confined to this mine. I have opened the west lode about 10 fathoms in length, and sunk:to a depth of 16 or 17 feet, at which depth the lode varys from 12 to 18 inches in width. This lode improves in value every foot, and at present yields about four ton of ore per fathom. About 35 fathoms N.E. on this lode I have sunk about 8 feet deep, which shows a vein of very good lead about 10 inches thick, and will give about 39 tons per fathom. The appearance of the mines throughout this property is most promising, and only requires extended operations to secure vast increase of ore. There are now at Champion Bay 64 ton of ore ready for shipment, 10 tons at the mine ready for carting, and 15 tons requir- ing dressing. JOHN HARVEY, Mining Captain To Charles Crowther, Esq., Agent. 