THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thursday, June 11.. _ I *Qi<iSFBAKE& took the Chair at 8 q'&ock.; ' PJEEIXlON. ,•!» l-nm 1 "ftT7 Mr ^SSrf land^or wricultaral pmposeB to toe xlS^£&t;%SS%nid. as there was no it "was not received. SOPOSED MSIOKNCE AT Mr brat jJfced whether the Governor's new vMii^ehce was proposed to be -erected on the Jffi'Lo at Mount Lofty or on the Government yum!«dB/> what was the extent xfi. the reserve, end A. Blyth)—It waB intended that it should be npon the reserve, ■which contained, he thought, 63 acres. He would pro the hon. member precise information on .anotoesvccasion. PAPER. „ . m ... The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyto) noser nreviously. laid on toe table. . TNTEEOOhONIAL CUSTOMS DUTIES. ■Mr. ■WEST-EB8&INE; asked whether a circular kail been received 'from the Government of K?' Zealand or any other of toe Australasian Cohm1®® JtoTWirin ° Customs Union; and if so whetherfcheiovernment had taken any and what ^etoOBIEF^BETARY (Hon. A. Blyto) aaid that despatches had been received from the New Zealand and Queensland. The Treasurer bad given notice that day for the introduction of a measure on the subject. The despatches from the .Governments he had men ticifhad been considered by toe Ministry, and a report had been obtamed from toe Collector of Customs. THE DOG ACT. , „ Mr. WJS3T-ERSK3NE asked if the Government would enquire whether toe Dog Act waB properly enforced in Adelaide and vicinity. TheXIHIEP SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) would »p«k« enquiries of the CommisBiooer of Crown TjmAn, in whose department the adminis tration of the Act was vested; but as far as the city and ite neighbourhood were concerned, toefees for toe registration of dogs were almost entirely xeceived by the Corporations and District Councils! and he thought that active registration took place because the receipts from the fees swelled their funds very considerably. In that aftenmons Gazette there would be a proclamation denning the various dog districts and appointing m some cases new Registrars. OVERDUE PAYMENTS FOR RE$T OR Mr. BOUCAUT asked "have any overdue pay ments for rent or assessment been re^yedby. the Government since the 1st January, 1871 ,SSs£2i payment of the fine or premium usually required on overdue payments of rents; and, if so* now CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyto) reptol^UPastorsJLeases 1501.1877.1878,1887, and 188810 per cent, penalty was inflicted for non payment of rent when due; but such penalty was ana nio« mere is uv f",Trm*Mw,7 « v except absolute forfeiture. 3. Gold Lease tfo. 9. 4. Ten Years' Lease No. 42, 5. The forfeiture of miners1 occupation licences _(10s. per annum) has in every case been waived without penalty. There were several cases of minor lessees who were not so regular as they .should be; but it would have been hard to have inflicted toe penalty upon them. (Hear, hear.) GOVERNMENT WOBK8 AT PORT PIEIE. Mr. MYLKS asked—" 1. Why toe Government have not taken action to improve Ellen-street, Fort Fine, according to the vote of this . House in December last ! 2. "Why toe Commissioner of Public Works has taken no action, according to the promise made by him to toe deputation which waited upon him in toe earlypart of last month pppiH^ting the Mnhaniring of Ellen-street O^CO^HBSroNER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) replied:—"1. Tenders have been called for this work on two separate occasions, hut theamountof tenders in each case have been so much in excess of the amount voted that the Government did not feel justified in accepting ihemv 2. Action has already been taken in accor dance with the promise madeto the deputehonthat waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works, tenders having been called in last weelrs Gazette for the most urgent portion of the work." UNCLAIMED GOLD. , . a Mr. BTEVENSON asked1' whether toe unclaimed gold brought by toe escort bom Victoria is stall m the Treasury; andif not, has it been sold, or where is it how.'1 The TREASURER (Hon. L. Clyde) replied:— *'On toe dosing of the Bullion Office in 1855 toe unclaimed gold was sold by tender to theBanks, and the net proceeds carried to 'Miscellaneous Receipts.' The last deposit took place on toe 3rd June.1856." TANDSHOKOB MATCHED BILL. In Committee. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) moved— "That it Is expedient to introduce * A Bill for an Act to prohibit toe importation and use of Tand Btickor and certain other lucifer matches.'" On the last day of last session Mr. Angas called \- attention to this matter, and he then gave a half ? promise that he-would bring inaBill upon the * subject. Perhaps he might be permitted to read the words he used then as reported in "Hansard: " - —"The Treasurer (Hon. L. Glyde) Baid that five or ~ six yean ago his attention was called to the ques tion of the importation of Xaudstickor matches, especially by the Hon. T. Hogarth. As a member .••••• of toeGOvemment he introduced a Bush Fires B3! containing a provision putting a prohibitive % duty upon matches, but on two or three consecn ■=' S tore occasions he. was. unfortunately counted out. He was not sore that toe patent matches were not riangetous, but he was surprised to hear of toe spontaneous combustion of toe prepared side of toe boxes; Upon a hot day, however, the patent safety matches were liable to ignite; and he^ re membered that when toe subject was before under consideration lib. Strangways brought a box into toe House and showed how easy it was to have an accident with them. He did not like to promise to introduce another BilL .It was a very difficult matter, but he would assure the hon. mem ber that he would look into the whole matter again, and wtrald perhaps bring in a BUI next session. The Government had thought toe matter over, and although it was a rather difficult question to grapple, toey had decided to ask leave to Introduce a Bill, and leave it in toe hands of. the Parliament to decide whether upon the whole it was advisable to prohibit the introduction of Tandstickormatches. There was no dohbt that many of the bush fires arose through matcheB being dropped about and becoming:ignited either by friction or the suns rays. He had toerefore had a short Act prepared which, when this preliminary resolution was carried, he would lay on the table of the House, and he would -ask that it be read a second time next week. He proposed to prohibit the intro duction' of Tandstickor matches, or any kind, ainlpRB they were so manufactured as to ignite only upon a chemically-prepared surface, or by the application of fire. The penalty for importation was pretty stiff, the maximum being £50, and the xninimnm £5, and the forfeiture and destruction of the -matches. They proposed to go a step ; farther, and impose a penalty for the use of these , matches. They could easily imagine that at the Customs cases of these matches might be smuggled in without detection, and unless toey prohibited the use of them mischief would arise. The Government therefore proposed a penalty of not more than £10,- nor less than £1, to be imposed on anyone who sold or used the prohibited matches. They proposed to authorise any police-constable or Customs officer to search houses and stores on warrant, and to seize and destroy. The date when the Bill would come into operation was of course a rather difficult point. It would hot do for it to come into operation immediately—it would ' not be fair to people Who had stocks in the colony or on the water. He proposed that the date should be January 1,1875. Some might consider that too long a time, and some too short; hut the risk of bush fires up to January was not very great, and if toe Parliament passed toe Bill during the next .two or three weeks people would have six months' clear notice; If any tradesman had ordered_ £50 worth or so of-matches he could countermand the °rMr. WBA§ft!wuKht it would be well to fix two different dates—one up to which matches might be imported, aid another to which they mi&ht; he iiexo, because it would be hardly fair to allow the importation of them, to a certain date and then prevent their use. ■ Mr. WEST-ERSK3NE thought the IaBl speaker must have little idea of the business capacity of SOulii Australian merchants. Did he suppose they would go to toe trouble of. importing matches which they would be unable to sell? Mr.Boothbv Baid last session that he knew of a case in which a safety matchbox ignited owing to the pre pared surface being exposed to solar, heat, and he thought it would be well to obtain toe opinion of some chemist as to the possibility of such a con tingency arising." Mr. ANGAS was very glad to find that the Government were introducing a measure of this kind, as the experience of every hot season showed toe great danger to which the property of the country, especially that of the farmers, was exposed from bosh fires, which generally occurred through the careless use of matches. All the inquests which had been held—except where there Lad been an.attempt at incendiarism—the Juries almost invariably when they assigned the cause of the fire put it down to the careless use of matches or spontaneous combustion. He knew of cases in which bush-fires had been caused by a flock of sheep walking over matches, by a horse treading upon them, by the spontaneous combustion of a box of matches lying in the sun, by matches being blown about with other substances in a whirlwind, and by mice knocking them down in a Store. In the neighbourhood where he resided Abere were no less than eight fires in a very short period last year, and a most disastrous one occurred smhiarunin toe North, through which not only did he lose a large amount, but one farmer was burnt out' entirely while attending to his dnties at the 8uprenie Court, Since then another bush fire bad occurred near Laura, and only the energetic efforts of toe settlers prevented a vast amount of property from being .destroyed. He had spoken to several importers, who saw no objection to such a taw as was now proposed by the Government, who lie believed would desenw the gratitude of the country iffbey removed wh.it was toe most prolific source of fires tbroughout tht1 country. Jlr. TOWNSEND Would no^ oppose toe intro duction of the Bill, but thought tome was a very important principle involved, on which he should Lave something to say on the second reading. The TREASURER (Bon. L. Glyde), in reply to a suggestion that a more distant date should be fixed for prohibiting importation which might emanate from foreign countries independent of the Adelaide merchants, said the Government had considered the question of having two dates, but they felt that it would lead to confusion. Mr. ANGAS mentioned that-he had seen it proved that Tandstickor matches laid on a piece of iron ignited in a very few momenta. . , ■ _ Hie motion was carried and the House resumed. On the motion that the resolution as reported be aJ5tr. W1ST-ERSKINE quoted a remark madeby Mr. Boothby last session as to the frequency with which fires were occasioned by matches. The report was adopted, and the Treasurer ana Attorney-General appointed a Committee, to pre pare and bring in a BilL The Bill was laid on the table, read a first time, and the second reading made an Order for Tuesday next. . LOCAL COURT'S AMENDMENT BILL. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) m"That he have leave to introduce * A Bill for an Act to consolidate and amend the law relating to Local Courts, and to provide for extending the jwisdiction thereof in certain cases.'" He did not intend to go into the matter at any length, and should take it as a personal favour if hon. members stayed their discussion of the measure until the second reading. The Bill was very lengthy, and he was eorryto say was not yet ready to lay. on the table. He would -therefore indicate merely the propositions which the Bill contained without going into any argument. Beside a number of minor amendments which experience had ehown to be necessary, it was pro posed to extend the jurisdiction of the Local Court of Adelaide to £500. and to give it power of dealing with matters hitherto cognizable only by a Court of Equity, so that if persons made a claim, and it was found to be an equitable instead of a legal one, they would not be ousted on that account. (Hear, near.) The Court for the trial of these cases above £100 and not more than £5u0 was to sit once a month, and it was provided that it might be presided over either by the present Stipendiary Magistrate of the Local Court, or by one of the Judges of the Supreme Court. It was felt that it would be impossible for the former, besides his present duties, to preside at the new Court, and he thought it would be found thatthe Supreme Court Judges would have to preside. He had availed himself as much as possible of the many excellent provisions of the recently passed Imperial Act. He should not attempt now to go into the reasons why he had not attempted to amend the Supreme Court Act. hut he would do so when he moved the second reading. - -After remarks from Messrs. Boucaut, Bray, Solomom, Bundey, Townsend, and Lindsay, Leave was granted. SEMAPHOEE BAIL WAT BILL. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright), said, in rising to move the second reading of this Bill, that it would be a com paratively easy task to place the matter before the House, because he thought he would be able to show that the advantage to the colony would be much greater than the outlay for the carrying out of the work. One advantage of having the line continued to the Semaphore would be that persons in the North could come to the seaside without having to move their families and luggage from one train to the'other, as was now the case. Many settlers were prevented from spending a few weeks In the year at the seaside owing to those inconveniences. Jf this railway were made he thought it would increase the traffic very much on the Northern lines.. That was, however; a small matter. He would show that the increased facili ties, more frequent trains, and redaction of fores on the Port line last year had had the effect of largely increasing the traffic. The numbers who had travelled during the three or four months since the change had taken effect were for larger than he had expected, or than had been expected, he thought, by any hon. member. He would now state for tne information of hon. members that from February 16 to the end of last week the number of passengers travelling on the Port line was 190,221, and for the corresponding time during 1873 the number was 117,618, so that there was actually this year an excess of 72,603, and the receipts realized were £1,011 fls. 4d. That was very satisfactory to the country; and how much more, he would ask, would the traffic he increased on that particular line if formers and country resi dents as well as the citizens had the facility of reaching the Semaphore by railway direct 1 Consi dering the very small expenditure necessary the advantage would be very great, and the gain hy the increased receipts to the country very large. The citizens would feel the immense advantage of being able to visit the Semaphore with their families daring the summer months. He would also point out what He considered a very great advantage to the country, viz, that the proposed railway if carried out to the Semaphore could without difficulty be continued on to Light's Passage. He looked forward to the time when light's Passage would be more availed of than at present. With regard to the city, the amount of business would be in creased, and with increased trade the continuation of the railway to light's Passage would be found an advantage, and a very important one. That ex tension was, however, not contemplated hy the present BilL Plans with reference to the scheme had been laid on the table. It was proposed that the rails should be laid down St. Vin cent-street. that the new bridge should be erected on the south side of the present structure, so that while the railway and new bridge were being constructed the present old unsightly structure would be available for traffic until the completion of the new one. A sketch of the pro posed bridge had been lying on the Iibraiy table for some days, and by it some idea could be formed of the proposed erection and its capabilities. The report of the Engmeer-in-Chief was as follows:— "The bridge, over the Port Greek will be an iron balanced swing bridge, opened and closed by hydraulic pressure, fitted with signals to show when the bridge is sate lor transit. The central pier will consist of a .group of seven piles (hollow) connected together with diagonal bracing. These piles will carry the wing on which the bridge will run, as well as the pivot in the centre, which will be adjustable. The abutments will be constructed of masonry on a piled foundation, and will be fitted with suitable Beatings, upon which the bridge will rest when closed. Hie approaches will consist of piles with sheeting,. behind which silt will be placed from the pontoons used to clear the har bour. Suitable steps will be constructed for the convenience of the shipping and boatmen, and a strong iron handrailing will divide the road from the railway." The cost was somewhat enhanced by the necessity of purchasing a portion of the land tnrongh which the proposed line would be taken. One fact was very noticeable, viz., that land which before did not appear to be estimated very highly had greatly increased in value as soon as it was known that a railway was likely to be taken through it by the Govern ment. There had been some trouble experienced m fixing tbe direction of the line, and it did not run exactly straight on account of the exorbitant prices some persons placed Upon their land lying m its way. The Engineer, to avoid paying the excessive charges and thus increasing the expense, had deviated from the direct course. It was con templated in the Bill that locomotive power should be used. Light engines would be used on the line, the 5 feet 3 inch gauge being adopted, and the rails would be 65 lbs. to the yard. The rate of speed in going through the streets would be five miles an hour—(Oh)—and for further safety a con tinuous brake would be provided, so that the engine could be stopped almost instantly. The Engmeer-in-Chief calculated that with the brake alone an engine going 20 miles an hour could be stopped within sixty yards with full steam on. The great advantages of the proposed railway to the Semaphore could not be denied, and doubtless many of the citizens would prefer to go to the Semaphore instead of Glenelg. (Mr. Townsend—"No." Laughter.) The hon. member said "No," but he would find that such a preference would be shown by some of the citizens, and the Glenelg Bailway would not suffer by it. Mr. Townsend was a Director of the Glenelg Railway; and it was gratifying to know that that scheme bad answered so satisfactorily to tbe Directors, and been of so much benefit to the citizens of Adelaide, and he hoped, that such energy, enterprise, and forethought as were dis played by the promoters of the Glenelg Railway would be amply repaid. There would be, he felt sure, traffic sufficient on both railways, and the new one proposed would rather be a benefit than otherwise to the Glenelg line. As to the cost of tbe new line and bridge, the gross amount would be £36,090; the fencing would cost £210; culverts, £520; earthworks, &c.;, £3,500; permanent way and metalling streets, £9.800; surreys, engineer ing, supervision, &c;„ £600; contingencies at 10 per cent, on the above, £1,460: making a total of £16,090. The proportion for the swingbridge would be £12,060; for the land to be purchased, £8,000; and the total £36,090. The cost would not be great for the part of the bridge for the railway alone, hut it was proposed to have an additional width of 24 feet for a roadway. The new bridge was to be 12 feet in width for the railway, and he thought that tbe coBt of the extra width for a roadway should not be charged to the account of the railway. He thought a saving would be made hy having the new bridge for railway purposes as well as for road traffic, and the House would no doubt see the immense advantage that would be to the country. The expenditure, £36,090, for the . proposed undertaking was nothing com pared with the value of the work if carried out. The additional cost for the extra 24 feet for a roadway should not, he repeated, be charged to the railway account. He trusted that hon. members would agree to cany the second reading of the Bill, for the immense advantage that the colony would derive from the speedy carrying out of the work was plain to alL The railway to the Semaphore would not only prove a great boon to country people visiting the seaside, out persons landing at the Semaphore and wishing to go North would greatly feel the benefit of a direct line, such as the one suggested. It had been shown that the traffic on the Fort line had been lately increased to a very great extent, and he had no doubt that it would be in creased tenfold when the Semaphore line was got into working order. It seemed to him a matter of great importance that the Government railways should be connected with the sea-coast. The tune wonld come when it would be necessary to have a network of railways in the North, and the particular line proposed would he benefited immensely. All he could say was that the more the colonial railway system was extended the more benefit would that line derive, and the more repro ^uldit prove. It was very necessary that he passed as soon as possible, as it would take twelve months to get the required bridge out from England. The portion of the bridge required for the railway would cost £12,000, and Senm.of .'he swingbridge wonld be _£36'h00. The plans would be laid on the table thathon, members might judge for them selves. The-passenger traffic on the Port line for the past three or four months had been m'ven The traffic on the North line had also greatly in creased* and jf tne succeeding harvest to had proved as Rood, the traffic re tarns would have been ' much larger. They would, he believed, be greatly i augmented by the passing of the Bill, and he hopea if it was passed no time would be lost in carrying out the scheme proposed. Mr. AN GAS said with regard to the important J question of a scheme for improving the railway system "throughout the colony, he had tabled the following contingent notice of motion:— "That this Bill be not further proceeded-with until the polity of the Government upon the question of railway construction generally ¥»« been. declared and has been considered by the House." He felt that he consulted the best interests of the country in tabling that amendment. - The Commis sioner had endeavour to impress upon the House the necessity of speedily settling the matter of the Semaphore Railway Bill; bathe (Mr. Angas) did not think that a little delay would injure the undertaking, andit would cost the country nothing. It was verv kind oi the Commissioner to think of the and no doubt ! people id were turned oat and crowded upon the-Gawler Railway Station platform, with nothing but dirty benches to put their luggaze upon- He wished the Com missioner, before being so thoughtful for persons who desired to sp to the seaside^ would pay a little more attentcn to those who had to travel by rail to town irom day to day through the Northern districts. He had told the House what the receipts on the Port Railway had been, hut he (Mr. An gas) would like to know what the expenses were, and whether (hey would cover the JSL011 Oa. 4d. He said nothing at all aboutthat. He was quite correct in sayiig that every facility should be afforded the passmgers on the Port line, and there was nothiig to object to in that, but there were other places besides the Semaphore where perhaps % line of railway would be found a great tenefii, and probably : be more useful. The mtiaon tabled might throw some light upon the sxfcject. As regarded the swing bridge, he thoughtvessels might find better berths further down the river if wharfage accommodation was wanted, and the trouble and difficulty of getting them through the bridge would be done away with. It would be far more advantageous for the ships to discharge at berths down the stream, where there would be a good depth of water. It was a dan gerous process getting a large vessel through the bridge in the way proposed—(No, no)—and, more over, thedeepemngoperations required to make the upstream berths capable of accommodating large vessels would be very expensive indeed. The dredging operations which had been carried on in the Port River for the last 30 years would have to be continued, and it was far better that vessels should be in deep water. The Commissioner said that business would be increased by a railway, but that was not the case. To increase business the population of the colony must be increased Whatever the cost was it appeared a very cortly matter, and if the whole expense of the bridge and the railway was covered by £36,090 he should be very much surprised and pleased; but he feared such would not be the case. The estimated cost of a bridge over the Port Cheek was £36.000. He did not know what was to be the style of the bridge which Mr. Hargrave estimated would cost that amount to erect, nor did he know the style adopted by Mr. Mais for this proposed bridge, but public works could be made highly ornamental at a great expense, or very plain- and substantial for a much less expenditure. Seven thousand pounds had been voted for a bridge over the creek, and he knew that amount was considered insufficient; but there was a large difference between £7,009 and £36,000. He was glad the Engineer-in- Chief bad discovered such an effective break as would pull up a train going 20 miles an hour in six yards. Prominence ought to be given to such an appliance, and he hoped the Engineer's report would be printed. The prineipal question was whether or not they were to carry the second reading of this BilL He believed they ought not to do soi—that they ought not to make a piece of railway here and another piece there without having a thorough railway system settled, but they ought to adopt a general scheme in which the wants of the various parts of the country could be fairly taken into con sideration. He was pleased to find the gauge was net to be altered, and he strongly urged that what ever system might be adopted they would preserve a uniform railway gauge throughout the colony. He moved the amendment. Mr. LAKE asked if that amendment was proper. Was it not a simple negative to the motion? The SPEAKER saia the amendment was per fectly in order. Mr. SOLOMON should not have spoken on the motion had it not been for the amount and the reasons by which Mr. Angas sought to support it. He admitted that in ordinary applications for lines of railway which abutted cm other lines of railway, and which might become part of a general system, there might be much force in the non. member's argument; but in a case of this kind, where the terminus must be fixed at the Semaphore, as the line could not be extended, the argument did not apply at all. In connection with this railway there was a work which every one, he thought, would admit was a most necessary work—the bridge across the stream to the Peninsula, Mr. Cavenagh shook his head. (Mr. Gavenagh—"No.") He was flad to hear there was nothing in it. (Laughter.) Ivery hon. member, and, he thought, every resi dent in the colony, admitted that this bridge was absolutely necessary, and that immediate steps should be taken to erect a bridge in place of the present dangerous and delapidated structure over the creek. That structure might go at any hour, and the persons on the Peninsula he deprived of the means of access to their places of residence and their places of business. There was another matter arising out of this question. Would hon. members consider what had been the result of not having a railway direct to the Semaphore? He was staying at the Semaphore with his family at the same time as Mr. Sees, and they often travelled by coach direct to Adelaide rather than shift at the Port and use their free passes on the railway—the convenience of the direct journey being so great, and hundreds of other persons had done the same thing. There had consequently been a serious loss to the railway, mid the line of coaches kept on the Port-road were made to pay the proprietor hand somely. That was another reason why the railway should be constructed. Large townships would spring up on the Peninsula, and they should give the means of access to them. He could not for a moment see that the amend ment had any bearing on tbis subject, see-| ing that the Semaphore must be the terminal j point, and that this fine was not likely to be ex tended in any other direction, although he might be perfectly prepared under some other circum stances to agree with the principle which the hon. member wished to apply. He should support the measure. He believed if the work could be carried out for the amount stated that it would be money well spent, and the amount of convenience whim such a work would afiord was almost incalculable. The railway to Glenelg had been referred to as a great public convenience, and no doubt it was, but personally he very much preferred the Semaphore as a place of residence to Glenelg, and he believed there, were many others of the same opinion. The expenditure proposed was a small one, and would secure an incalculable benefit, and, therefore he had great pleasure in supporting the second reading. Mr. BUNDEY should not object to the second reading, although he was doubtful as to whether this was the most advisable scheme. If, hovever, the fate of the bridge hung upon this Bdl he should abandon the Bill and go for the bridge. He should not care much if the bridge were carried out, for the present bridge was utterly unsafe. It was in a disgracefully-dilapidated state, and the only wonder was that seriouB accidents bad not occurred there. He supported the second reading of the Bill, as he believed this would be a repro ductive public work. He believed the extra traffic would really pay for the extra cost, and, as he had said, he considered the bridge absolutely necessary. (Cheers.) He believed he was speaking the senti ments of people on the Peninsula and at Port Adelaide when he said they cared little for the railway so long as they secured the bridge. He was rather astonished that the Commissioner _ in his remarks had not re ferred to the facilities the railway would afford for loading and unloading vessels at the anchorage which could not come into port. If the railway was taken acroBS barges could take cargo from the jetty to the vessel much more cheaply than they could now he taken down the stream as at present. Before he gave in his adhesion to the scheme he wished the Government to give attention to the question he had ou the Paper for Wednesday next with respect to a canal from the Semaphore to the Port—(Hear, hear)—and he hoped they would obtain a survey from the Engineer- in-Chief in connection with that scheme. He was not an engineer, but a thoroughly competent gentleman had told him a canal could be made for the figures given, and then wharfs could be made on either side of the canal from the Port to the Semaphore, and there would be abundant traffic for a railway. He did not know of a greater waste of money and strength than had been going on for years past by bringing down the silt raised at the inner bar to the Port. That silt might have been thrown up to have formed a railroad from the Port to Light's Passage, on which rails might be easily laid down. Vessels could then have been discharged in light's Passage in 24 or 25 feet of water, and the goods could have been brought by railway to the Port. He believed the whole work might have been con structed at less cost than had been paid to bring the silt pontoons up to the Port. The people at the Port now felt that the House could not neglect the public safety any longer, and must provide them with a safe crossing over the creek. Mr. Angas was very incorrect as to the danger of taking vessels through a small passage, as he would admit if he sawivessels taken into the Company's Basin. As to the shallowness of i the water at the bridge, he said of course as soon as the bridge was erected deepening opera tions would be carried on there, as was being done elsewhere. He congratulated the Commissioner of Public Works on the improved working of the Port Railway. Previously the railway seemed to have been constructed only for the convenience of the officials. Now, however, the convenience of the public was studied, and the result had been, as he had predicted, that tbere had been a large accession to the traffic. Believing this would be a reproductive work, he should vote for the Bill. Mr. ANGAS moved that the report of the i Engineer-in-Chief on this bridge be laid on the table. I The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) said the report was being copied, and he would lay it on the table during the afternoon. Mr. LINDSAY did not like to oppose the second reading, althougbjhe dreaded any extension of the Port Railway, seeing that that line had been such a losing affair all through. He was really puzzled what to say about the enormous amount put down for the purchase of land. The line would be taken down St. Vincent-street, and if there was any difficulty in doing this, 33 feet of that street had been encroached upon by trespassers and might be taken without being paid for. He did not know how it was that the Select Committee who sat on St. Vincent-street did not call on him to give evidence; hut he was the person who laid out the street, and he could have given positive evi dence as to the legal width of it. The proper width of the street was two chains, whereas it had been encroached upon, and was now only a chain and a half wide. - u that was idolised over and com promised he tHnngh't' there-Were strong objections to taking a railway through a street only a chain and a hflf wide. They were informed, and he was glad to hear it, that light engines were to be OBed: hut he did not know what the Commissioner of Public Works or the officers of the Government might mean by light engines. He knew what they were, and recommended the use of engines such as those employed on Kingston and Dublin line. He supposed, however, the heavy carriages were to be taken right through, but he thought .if they were going to have light engines they should have light rolling - stock generally. Then there was the extraordinary statement that the speed on thin line through the streets, and it was all street, was not to exceed five -miles per hour. Why, it was not worth while having steam for a train travelling at snch a velocity' as that. Neither need there be such an expensive rail as 66 lbs. to the yard. Where it was necessary to have heavy engines and rolling-stock a rail approxi mating 65 lbs. ought to be used; bnt where there was'a dead level, and where the lightest engine and the lightest rolling-stock were used, a 65*lb. rail was quite unnecessary. Mr. Brunei, after a groat many years1 experience, came to the conclusion that a 60-lb. mil was the most economical. In Ireland' rails of 92 lbs. weight were hud dawn, bnt from statistics collected by Mr. Brunei he came to the conclusion that it - was economy not to exceed the 60 - lb. rail. Then there was this iron bridge which was to cost £36,000. It was to be 36 feet wide, and there was something very peculiar about it. It was proposed to contract the creek where the bridge, was to be erected by abutments to about 150 feet in breadth. He should like the Commissioner of Public Works to obtain some information as to the effect that would bave on tbe tidal current. He believed there would be snch a considerable rush of water by Die ebb and flow of the tide that it would be likely to produce injurious results. One effect would be that it would carry the silt down and deposit it in the harbour. The Commissioner had told them that this railway would probably be carried to Light's Passage. It appeared to him that they were going blindTy into a serious expense. He apprehended that an exten sion to Light's Passage would rather interfere with Mr. Bondey's canal, and little as hon. members might now think abont that scheme he believed it would be commenced before three years from the present tame had elapsed, it was the only sensible mode of improving Port Adelaide, which could be made capable of receiving ships drawing 25 feet of water at a comparatively trifling cost. When it was completed ne did not suppose it would be desirable that tbe railway should go further than the canal, and it would be desirable that in planning a railway to arrange it so that it should chime in with the wharf. A railway merely down St. Vincent- street and back upon its own course would not give the same advantages as a circular line touching the various townships and the canal and coining back at the rear of Hart's new whaifs. It could be done at a less cost than the extravagant scheme brought forward without anything to show whether it wouid pay or not. It bad been said that a new road-biidge over the creek would cost £30,000. (Mr. Bright—"Hear, hear.") Abridge was a matter of necessity, but it did not follow that it should be an iron bridge. In America some years ago when it was found necessary to construct a viaduct; it was decided by the eDgineerB that it would be more econo mical to use wood than stone or iron, although it would have to be renewed in seven years, and he believed that it would often be found here that such structures were more economical as well as cheaper than stone or iron erections. He had voted for the present bridge, which he acknow ledged was too narrow. There was a feeling against the erection of the bridge, and the amount voted was, as far as he could recollect, very small indeed. (Mr. Blyth—"My impression is that it was £1,000.") That bridge had answered its purpose for the last 18 years, and if it had been double the width it would have continued to answer the pur pose. As to its being ricketty, he believed the piles were as sound as they ever were—(Mr. Lake— " No")—and the only thing that had anything the matter with it was the platform. The only place that was dangerous was where the bridge ought to open. He believed that for £10,000 or £12,090 a bridge could be erected which would answer all purposes for years to come. As to iron being economical, he believed it was a mi&ake.; The Glenelg Jetty, which had cost £10,000, would soon be rusting on the south side; ana the Semaphore Jetty, which cost far less, bad answered tbe object quite as welL He would vote for the amendment of Mr. Angas, believing that there should be further investigation; bnt he was not opposed to a railway going to the Sema phore, nor to the erection of a bridge. He believed instead of having an opening bridge it would be far cheaper for the Government to have purchased a few allotments of land above the bridge, which would render it unnecessary. (A laugh from the Treasurer.) The District Couhcil of Gfanville sold for a mere trifle seven of the allotments. He thought the sale was illegal—(loud laughter)—but it was made. If tbe Government in times past had had a little common sense and foresight they would have reserved land for railway extension ana for a canal. Mr. HUGHES said it would be a serious matter to follow the members who were opposing the measure through all they said. They were groping, as they said, in the dark, and wanted to nave the matter ventilated—not that the House needed the information, but because they had neglected to inform themselves upon the subject. They asked the House and the country to delay the Bill because they, forsooth, were, not acquainted with the matter. He was sorry that Mr. Angas had shown snch a lamentable ignorance of the practice of ship ping when he said that shipsjwould rather not go through'a bridge, and would rather discharge up stream than down. At the Indian Docks London ships went through a swingbridge hour by hour, and the moment they were m they were as safe as they were in the buildeis' yards— (Hear, hear)—and in Port Adelaide vessels would be as safe as in the Indian Docks. When the little trumpery bridge now standing, which cost a few paltry thousands, was erected it no doubt answered its purpose, and nobedy ever anticipated that there would he such a large increase of business. They had now not only to consider the traffic of the present day, bnt to look ahead and see what the increased traffic and business of Jthe next few years was likely to be. The sum of £7,009 had already been voted for a bridge, but it was found to be insufficient, and had very properly been struck out of the accounts of the Government. (No.) Mr. Angas spoke of the insufficiency of this plan of a 150-feet opening, but he would have better described it if he had said it waB a double entrance of 75 feeteach side, because there would he a double swingbridge opening in the centre. It could be worked by machinery without much trouble or labour, and snch arrangements were in almost hourly use in England, Sir. Lindsay did not seem to remember that it would be necessary to have a swingbridge, because persons who had water frontages above the bridge had a right to demand that the navigation of the creek should not be stopped, and would have a good action at law against the Government if the traffic were stopped. The House would agree that there must be a bridge, and the question came whether it should not be so constructed as to cany a railway. Mr. .Angas had laid much stress upon the point that it had not been shown that a railway would pay. But in the case of the Glenelg Railway there was no positive proof that it would pay, and it had answered far beyond expectations. Traffic multiplied itself, and in the case of the Glenelg .Railway the formation of the line had paid the promoters far beyond their utmost hopes, and had given facilities to the popu lation for reaching the seaside which were very conducive to health. Unless hon. members visited the Semaphore they could not imagine the popu lation that was springing up, The shipping busi ness had been largely increased, and it would be still more increased by a railway. There was a constant stream of coaches carrying passengers, and coaches ran all the way from the Semaphore into town. _ There could scarcely be the shadow of a question in the mind of any reasonable nan that the work would be absolutely remunerative, and pay in an indirect way by increasing the traffic on the present line. The amend ment _ Mr. Angas had moved for delay was similar, he believed, to amendments he had made on other occasions. He wished the matter to be put off until a comprehensive scheme that would be suited to the requirements of the country was introduced, and one that would be able to receive —hopeless expectation! — the unanimous consent of the House. The only scheme that he could imagine would satisfy the hon. member was a very comprehensive one centring in Angaston, and perhaps that would not satisfy other bon« members. They authorized the other day the con. structionlof half a millions'' worth of railways in the North in the belief that the development and settlement of the country would make them re munerative. But they could not prove that they would be remunerative, but he believed they would be in a double way—by their own receipts, and by encouraging the development of the resources of the country. The scheme had been long delayed, and had received the most [mature consideration by all the engineering talent this colony could bring to bear, and if Mr. Angas wanted further advice we would have to send to England for engineers on purpose. He thought the House would agree with him that it would be very unwise to place ourselves in the humiliating posi tion of saying we had not engineers who could make a railway of four or five miles in length. Mr. WBST-ERS KI WE said when the Select Committee were examining the drainage works they came to the conclusion that an enormous loss of public property resulted from the spoil being placed on one side or the other and not on one side, so as to form a macadamized road or a basis for a railway. He agreed that wherever we could have water carriage it should be made use of, either by canals or by improving existing streams. Some members said that the present bridge was a •wing-bridge. He had come to the conclusion ihat it was a swing- bridge, and that it would one day swing over. (Laughter.) He believed it was quite rotten between wind and water. He thought it would he very desirable to have stone abutments for the new structure. An iron bridge would pro Dablyfcorrode, as the jetty at Glenelg was doing. In reference to the necessary purchase of land, he thought they had a strong argument in favour of the non-aiienation of land in perpetuity. If the Government adopted the scheme which he had brought under the notice of the House they could construct these works without having to buy land at a large cost, because they could retain the right to resume upon some small amount being paid to the lessee. He had been on the railway from Dublin to Kingston thousands of times, and had been struck by the beautifully-constructed engines. They were very light—much lighter than those on our Burra Railway. On that line a great deal of false economy had been shown by putting_down such light rails as those to FarrelTs Flat. He was aware, however, that no one had the slightest con ception that the traffic would assume the propor tions it had. Great men were seldom appreciated in their lifetime; and he hoped that would he some consolation to Mr. .Lindsay, because no doubt many of the prophesies he made years ago had once Iwfen verified. . He did not think they ■paid enough attention to the Hon. member's forecasts. A bridge would have to be con structed, and if constructed it would .be one of the strongest arguments possible in favour of a railway, because the bridge itself wonld then be a reproductive public work, and tend hot only to make the line to the Semaphore pay, bat to make that from Adelaide to the fort pay more.hand somely than it did ait present. The maxim recog nised in England that where it paid to run one stage coach it would pay to make a railway should be acted upon more in this colony, and the sooner we had some comprehensive scheme, of railway construction the better. He thought it would be unfair to the Fort and the Semaphore to pass the amendment, and He would ask Mr. Angas to with draw it, and allow the work to be proceeded with. He could confidently say that it wonld be not only reproductive, but tend to the enjoyment and health of the people in Adelaide and snburbs. Mr. ££ES said that Mr. Angas argued for delay on the ground that we wanted a system of railways; bnt what system of railways was involved in this SemaphoreExtension t The very basis of a system was a trunk line to the. North, and, the proposed line was an extension from the legitimate terminus of theuea. He was surprised at the statement of Mr. Lindsay, who said.it was doubtful whether the line wonld pay. The American lines had been formed with the idea of creating traffic^ ana at present there were 90,000 miles of railway, which had the effect of attracting population to an extra ordinary extent The Semaphore had been increas ing year by year, notwithstanding the drawback of the unsightly and unsafe bridge which connected the Fort with this rising watering - place. Of all the contemptibfe'structures which could be found in any county of any else this was the most contemptible. The want of shipping ropm which was experienced the year before last was a con vincing argument of the necessity that wharf accommodation should extend up above the bridge, and it was the duty of the Government to provide means of egress and ingress so that it might be done. The Semaphore had been referred to in depreciatory terms by men of the same class as the hon. member for Barossa, who, when the Glenelg Eailway Company was in its infancy, went to one of the meetings, and by his discouraging statements sent the shares down to a lamentable discount. Now those shares were selling at £3 premium on the £5 shares, thanks to the energy of more enterprising people. It was perfectly monstrous that an unsafe structure like tne bridge over the Port Creek should be tolerated on the road to a place like the Semaphore. The iron bridge, plans of which were in the hands of the Government, was a much more fit structure. They ought to build for posterity, and not with a view only to a miserable few years—the policy .which had been hitherto adopted to so lamentable an extent He could corroborate every word Mr. Solomon had said as to having frequently seen the conveyances by the road entirely filled with passengers while the train was comparatively empty, and the Govern ment had suffered in consequence of the stand still policy pursued by former Commissioners. He joined moBt heartily in congratulating Mr. Bright on the arrangements he, had made to facilitate and increase the traffic, which, as he believed, would show a remunerative result on future Estimates. The Semaphore was already a very faRhinnahfe place, and would become populous; therefore it was right they should give facilities to people living there, especially when that could be done with a reasonable prospect of a remunerative result. Mr. LAKE said he might be suspected of in terested motives, as he lived at the Port—(No; no) —but he trusted hon. members would give him credit for stating what he believed to be the facts. (Hear, hear.) His friend and colleague, who was alwayB particularly shrewd—(Hean hear)— except this afternoon—(laughter)—had used argu ments which were not worthy of himself. He admitted the necessity for a bridge, but the course of indefinite postponement which he advocated would certainly defeat his own expressed object. The fact was a bridge was urgently wanted for the population at the Semaphore, which he was in formed numbered about 1,500 or 2,000, and it would be folly to think of erecting another bridge of the same class as that at present there. That, supposing,it to be in good and safe condition, was only sufficiently wide to allow one vehicle to cross at a time, ana they ought not in the present advanced age to compel one vehicle to stop while another was crossing over. The strongest argu ment the hon. member for Encounter Bay could bring against the scheme was that there was not a street two chains wide for the railway to pass through. But he asked whether it would not be perfectly Bafe and practicable for a train to pass along a street a chain and half wide at the rate of fire miles an hour with safety. The amount it was proposed to expend for the bridge was £36,000, and the interest on that at 5 per cent, was £1,800 a year. Would the Government be prepared to lease the bridge to the Fort Corporation or a private Company for £1,800 a year? If so there would be plenty prepared to take it up, and who would think they had made a good bargain. He was not speaking without book. He went into the thing last year, and he asked the Commissioner whether, supposing a private Company was formed to take the railway to the Semaphore, the Government would assist in carrying out such , a Bcheme. Mr. Bright said the Government were considering the matter, and he understood him to intimate that they thought the railway would pay, and therefore preferred to carry it out themselves. He could say most certainly that if they had not come to that conclusion, but had been willing to hand over the use of the bridge " to the Fort Corporation or a private Company, either of those would have felt tney were making a very good thing out of it. He had no doubt future results would bear out that anticipation, and show that the Commissioner had done not only what the Fort people required, but what would reflect credit upon himself and the colony. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BAMSAY, having carefully considered the matter, felt it was his duty to vote for the Bill, as he believed the line would lead to increase of traffic on the present railway and prove remunerative. As regarded the bridge, the only argument brought against it was the extravagant cost. He (admitted a bridge might be built for £10,000 or £12,000, but he did not think it would be wise to construct a bridge which would not permit of the frontages higher up the stream being used for wharfs; and he dia not know that a proper swing iron bridge could be constructed for much less than the amount stated, bearing in mind that the traffic was pretty sure to increase. He was not long in office, bat he was there- long enough to see tnat in purchasing land for the Northern Eailway a great muddle had been made. (Mr. Boucaut—" Hear, hear.") The Govern ment should obtain offers before theBill was passed of land for the railway. By that means they could probably obtain it at a reasonable rate, but as soon as the Billpassed the price was increased ten fold. He, hoped the Commissioner of Public Works with his usual natural caution would take care of that, and if possible get two alternative lines, so that he would be able by that means to make favourable terms with the owners of land. Mr. BOUCAUT bad not many remarks to make. He viewed with considerable suspicion any attempt to expend such a large sum in the neighbourhood of the city when there were so many parts of the country which needed opening up, and was considerably harassed in mind by the two hon. members for Barossa, one of whom knocked down the Commissioner completely, while the other with mucn more powerful arguments set him up again. (A laugh.) On the whole, though, he was opposed to the principle of expend ing such large sums near Adelaide, he thought the balance of argument showed that this was a work that would be considerably remunerative, or that at least would not entail a loss on the couutry; and as it was essentially necessary that a bridge should be built over the stream he would not take the responsibility of voting against the Government. He had no wish to vote against measures for the spending of money on works when he believed that there was a reasonable probability that there would be no loss attending the works. He there fore gave the Government credit for what they had done in this case, but he wonld have liked a little more information than they had yet afforded the House. In Committee he would call attention to some amendments that he had to propose in the clauses giving borrowing powers on the con stitutional question; but ne would give his support to the Bill, while he did not wish to be considered as departing from the principle which he strongly held that money should rather be expended in opening up the interior of the country than in works of this description. Mr. BKAY thought that Mr, Angas must have seen that he could have brought forward his amendment much more properly when some other line of railway was proposed, as this was a line which must necessarily come within any'scheme of the future. All seemed to be agreed on the necessity of having a substantial bridge erected at Fort Adelaide, and it was this alone, he considered, which had led to the demand for the extension of the railway. This was not a direction in which it was necessary that a railway should be made, but inasmuch as the line was considered as sure to be a paying one he did not see that he could have any objection to it. Mr. Hughes had said that the Auditor-General had wiped out the £7,209 that the House had authorized the Government to raise for the bridge by the issue of Treasury bills; but that having passed the House the Auditor-General had no power to wipe it out, and had not done so. From the remark of the Auditor-General in his report in regard to this sum it only appeared that the work was in abeyance, and not that he had taken any particular action with regard to this sum. The work was allowed to lie in abeyance, and, so far as he was concerned, purposely so, in conse quence of the scheme proposed by the Govern ment. He would say that ne had not understood either Mr. AngaB or Mr. Lindsay to say that he was opposed to the construction of a bridge imme diately. (Hear, hear.) If a motion had been brought forward expressing the desirability of con structing a bridge immediately both, he thought, would vote for it. (Hear, hear.) And he should do so himself. As the greater part of the proposed line would be through public streets, and the Commissioner had given them to understand that trains would not be run through the streets at more than five miles an hour, he did not see the necessity altogether for the railway, as people could now travel quicker by the coaches. Travelling by rail was generally con sidered a saving of time, but it would not be so in this case. He was, however, favourable to the Bill, and would vote for the second reading. Mr. MYLES would support the second reading. He had listened attentively to Mr. Boucaut's remarks with regard to the development of the interior of the country before the carrying out of these works. It was well, he granted, to have a scheme of railways; but unless at the metropolis they had the means of easily transferring the produce that was brought down by those lines he spoke of. he did not think the! scheme would be much benefit to the interior. This railway would beef great benefit to the country, because instead of sending down from fhe onfports produce to the Port to be shipped it could he taken by the railway, and with a couple of miles of lighterage placed on board large vessels outside. For the development of the colony we must have a port aide to ship all the produce that was raised— {Hear, hear)—and knowing that to be the fact, neither money hot fime ahould be spared to hn prove and render suitable the port thatwehad. He woffidjtteve^pjeatpleasure in snpportiiigrthe Mr. ■ CAVENAGH could see noforce^n'tiie' argiments of Mr.^Myles. who had raid that with two miles^of fighterage inflteadohco^ngupflie Port Eiver. Our only objection to the Port was that very large vessels could not come up, but as" far as the smaller ones were concerned he did nbt see the value of the lighterage. , As Mr. Boucaut had said, there were many poitions of the colony that required money to be spent upon them before this work was earned out. There were districts that had neither roads nor bridges,, and the Semaphore had a good road leading to it: and why, then, he would ask, ought they to spend £50,000 upon a work that was not required? He did not ; consider it worth while to oppose the Bill, as w»a' work would .be carried nut some time, but he thought many places in the country should have attention shown them first. . Mr. SMITH, while he admitted the importance of works for the development of the interior of the country, thought a good deal was to be said in favour of this being carried out at the present time. . Hie lengthening, of the line would add very much to its self-suppqrtmg character, as omnibuses now carried a considerable numberofpersons who would add considerably to the revenue. Hie outlay was considerable, butwhen they considered that £38,000 was to be expended on anew bridge which could not be done without, and that £14,000 more would give them the railway- as well asa goodhridge, he thought the workshould be.carried out. Heconaaeredthattherailwaywouldhavemore than passenger traffic, as vessels frequently touched at the Semaphore for orders, and for stores and such. things, and these would he put on board by means of the proposed line. He thought^ looking .at the plan, that the ling might, be constructed at a .■ cheaper rate by taking it more to the south.(Hear^ hear.) But as a set-off against that more open route it had been pointed out by the Commiss ioner of Eailways that the proposed railway would go along St. Vincent-street, and thereby the pur chasing of a considerable quantity of land would he saved. This was the port of the colony, and they were bound to do vrhat they could to foster it, ana that being so, he would support the second reading of the Bill. Mr. TOWNSEN D moved that the debate benow adjourned. (The Chief Secretary—"Ho,- no,") His reason for moving in the matter was that the Commissioner of Public. Works., had promised teat it should be adjourned after two or three ■ members bad spoken. The SPEAKER put tee question for the second reading, Mr. DUNCAN, after so much had been said, would only bring forward arguments which had not been put forward by others. There was one that he had not heard noticed, namely, that tee line would very probably be required ior heavy traffic as well as passenger traffic. He bad spoken. to several gentlemen on the matter, and believed that before long wharfage accommodation would be required on tee other side of the river, and that being the case, some means would be required to bring goods across. If a tramway were laid, which would benecessary, a heavy bridge would be found requisite, and if teat were being constructed he thought that they might as well have the line continued to the Semaphore. Another reason was that the extension would tend to make the present line more reproductive thanit was, for an extension to the Semaphore would cause the railway to be more largely used on holidays and on such occa sions. Mr. Angas had moved an amendment with a view of delaying the measure. (Mr, Angas— "No."} He had raid Ids amendment was with a view of gaining information; but all knew his in tention in such motions, and it would be just as well for him to get up and denounce the measure as move his amendment, as hon. mem bers looked upon it as the same. It was desirable that there should be a structure of some sort over the Port river, as influential deputations had moire than once pointed outto the Government; and in view of the facta put forward, which were well known, he did not know how a member of the House could argue for delay in this work. Hie extension of the line would tend to -the settlement of the country lying between Port Adelaide and the Semaphore, and the traffic would thus be largely increased. He had not a doubt that within the next few years teat portion of the countiy would be a populous suburb of Port Adelaide. The Semaphore with this railway would no doubt compete with another important watering-place, Glenelg; and doubtless would become a watering place for the colony generally. He did not think Mr. Gavenagh was limit when he objected that this would be a railway for passenger accommodation alone. It was, he might say, very gratifying to him as one of the members for the district, and he had no doubt it would be to the people of Port Adelaide, to find that it hadso many Mends in the House. It had been placed in a very different position on former occasions, but it was gratifying to find that it was on the other side now. Mr. TOWNSEND moved the adjournment of the debate. The SPEAKER said the hon. member was not in order. Mr. TOWNSEND would then speak upon the question now, but thought that tee Government had not extended to bim the usual courtesy. The Commissioner of Public Works had given bim to understand that he would agree to an adjournment after two or three speakers had spoken. He thought it would be well that some agreement should be entered into as to whether on certain evenings there were to be nightly sittings or not, j for if not many hon. members might go away on such an assurance as he had received, snu be placed in a similar difficulty to his own. He felt strongly upon this question. He had always felt unit Port Adelaide, being the prin cipal port of the colony, should be fairly treated, and wished to consider this matter and speak upon it, but he had been allowed no time for preparation. He had heard the Oommissoner's speech, but as the address contained a good many figures and involved the question of £60,000, he thought some time should be given to hon. members to consider it. Previous to making the application for the interested in this question, and they had . before him a number of questions to be asked of the Commissioner of Public Works, but those questions could not be asked without notice^ and be had not received them in time to give notice of them for that day. Everyone of those' questions was most important to the issue. (An hon. mem ber—"Put them now.") He could not do that, as he had not yet heard all the arguments respecting them. As far as a bridge was concerned ne bad voted for one, and was in favour of its construction; but the question for them to consider was whether they would have a really substantial structure without tee other work, or a railway and a bridge as well, and tee carrying out of an expensive scheme. He considered that the Commissioner of Public Works had violated a promise when he did not accede to his request to have the debate adjourned. If the second reading was carried in a House of that kind he would use all the forms of tee House to bring on the discussion again, and show that no time had been gained by tne action now taken. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright), in reply, said he was very "" ias sorry that Mr. Townsend had so taken to heart the conversation they had had. Of course no indi vidual member could do what was contrary to the wishes of the House, and there had been no ex pression of a wish to adjourn on the part of another member of the House. The hon. member asked bim whether if after two or three speeches he moved the adjourn ment the Government would oppose it. He (the Commissioner) said "No," and if an adjournment had been asked or hinted it would have been granted. He was the more surprised at the hon. member's action because he knew his feelings were in favour of the scheme proposed. He could not but be gratified with the reception the Bill had met with, for the few remarks in oppo sition had been not on the principle of the Bill, but on the desirableness of delay. Hon. members who were opposed to a measure frequently sought to delay it in order to defeat it, and he did not think it worthwhile to take up the time of the House to reply to tee remarks made. Mr. Ramsay had referred to the want of foresight on the part of the Government in not obtaining more land for the purposes of this railway—an oversight for whicn now the Government had to pay something like £14.000, the price required for the land. Amended plans iiad, however, been laid on the table for power to take other land, and the House might rest assured that he should take especial care that proprietors were not paid a fabulous and extravagant price for tee land simply because it was wanted by the Government. He then laid on the table the report of the Engineer-in-Chief and moved that it be printed. Carried. Mr. Angas's amendment was negatived, and the motion was carried, and the Bill read a second time. On the motion that the House go into Committee. Mr. TOWNSEND expressed a hope that the Government would not go on. He admitted the force of the argument that the Government could not listen to one hon. member, but if the Govern ment went on in this way he should be very likely to move that the Bill be referred to a Select Com mittee. He was anxious to have a short session, and get on with the practical business of the countiy, but that was no reason why they should be asked to rush into an expenditure of £60,000, which would most likely be £70,000 or £80,000, for he was sure 20 per cent, was a reasonable estimate of the average excess on estimates made for public works. He hoped the Government would fix the Bill in Committee for next week. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said, putting the Government on one side, every member then in the House had spoken—18 members—and that was a very large number. He knew nothing about asking for an adjournment, and he assured the hon. member that he would have frequent opportunities of bringing forward the matters he had mentioned. When so many members had spoken it was unwise to ask that the debate be adjourned, especially as the Standing Orders required the Speaker to put the question that the House go into Committee. Mr. BOUCAUT said he wiBhed to give the hon. member every opportunity of discussing this question, as he did not think they should rush into a scheme of this magnitude in the dark. Mr. BEAY asked whether, if the motion to go mto Committee were negatived, the Government could bring it on again. The SPEAKER said it could be restored to the Paper again. The House then went into Committee, and the motion was put that the preamble be postponed. Mr, ANGAS said he had been misrepresented or misunderstood. The SPEAKER, in reply to Mr, SOLQHON, said the hon, member „ , adebate In the Honra.-:y- ;.;:' Mr.AHGAS deniedli^ring^eTae^ necessary expenditure at Port Adelai endeavoured to getinfarmationfrom mentaaworild shosr,ihey pendingaomnsffiinaacyin^ -, netr-- bridge. j "He" refused, to . follow the lead of anynOTetiiniteit, and Mari found hon. members <tdvocatin« a canal; fromtae^ Port Jo thefletoai&oi;^ or . he-ma —-pjiat.' ft\£ Committee or CommiMen to collect the. ^ : of those who werenot iepreaented'in ttett iMjiwe— - evidence which wonld?«rexeiit Jtha oeweta«weB<®*-: thine, blunders which had takempiaee. iaooiMp?- , tiohwit&fiO; Ddj&wdm;'Wwmww1' towhether it .Advisable toMwa^HHteg*5' bridgefor Tsdiway.'road, ahcLi andhethonght ftlsoas it wooL to take the line thrtraghthe streete" line could be .taken'aome othero .,. absurd also to apply lpcbmqnve traetin^Jtoaax goingonlyfive milraaaTipitf.an&himse;^ ;, _ Mr. ., Ramsay hariauggegtahthat .nn^eriaM^Sto';; oflanduW'l^.line^wtiBenhanced. It wmibiv - therefore be muclrbeftterto: hare ptovWed-Ior.ab alternative line. - He Wirt perfedtlydiflintereetedittc tbis qirestion^ j^ha^urtheardrtaaid.thaSifdie and r'Coon.") Hewas willing to and not say another wdrdibuthe BhouKlrwttrti doing hie duty if hedifl. He fcadepoken out/and ^ Wonld speak, for he wasnot going toho bouncedor brow-beaten. (flear,hear.) IftaeQovenaenthad - a Select Committee totake evidence ion one-: snbjiHfrth^wonld he doing a , on^wilUnra^toI^pEi^^4^^oV(mEaeirt> told him to do so. He.hopedthe Government would resume; for, if not, it looked very Yeerily,. tor' a r. • 'UK -■ ■•.••-•; /■- -■■-v fi v. »:**>*•..*-*!, <«-> : Mr. TOWJ^SENfl sedd distiQcQy he^wiahiad " near the whole oftheargumente. Every;, oneris; admitted the necessityofthe hndge, but it. waaia ; Mr subject -for discussion aa to ^hetheritjWsa desirable .and.wise to so into lhe entirel scheme,', and he. asked the Chief Secretary . to .state ari-"" instance where a Bill involvingv^ ainotmtioi^ : money of this magnitude had lieen attempted ; be rushed through in this wsy.He wished to r hear fiie wholetmng discussed, andsurely lie wjaa not aBking an: unreasonahln thing in ' further time for consideration.^ !! ; be,tjrrtd tte ' ; questions he had before him tit*. A»nniii«intiw - . .could only give ' beenrequested to ask the length of the proposed' i" ■ railway, the total estimatedcost per mile, and the> -estimated traffic receipts per «nnnm.i yhw- ,• Commissioner had not given them any^ estimate of traffic receipts, and ^before Hiey' were asked to so intoalarge schemelike -r this they ought to have some estimate Of what tho ': traffic was likely to be. He wishedapeciaUy^to^. chaw: attention to the question as to whether it was - c best to expend £24,000and have a eocHi substantial. * bridge over the creek, or wheiher they should faave^ '< a bridge apart from the railway altogether^ ^ addition to the £24,000 for the bridge; there :wahf £16,000 for the railway, mid £8,000 lor - bo that they were asked to gointo avetylarge5 : expenditure. Before they committed tbenrtedves ~ - ■ - to this they hadarightto know if this'work -was - '= one of such puhiic uffiity as would justify the -, . outlay. He congratulated ihe Oemmistimim pf Pubhc "Works upon Hie improved •**''. working of thepaBsengerfflid'goods traffic'On the ^ J Port line, but what goods traffic wouldthete.be on : the Semaphore line? Veiy little indeed. He, believed, noweverr as the Bem^hote was a... . favourite seaademsort,thattherew<Mddbeah«ge' " " amount of passenger traffic; hut they onrirt have some estimate. Above all hethtmght if ^ bridge was put up by the ^Government the' oBictt;. part oftheBcheme 'would be earned hut by private, .: ; enterprise; indeed,'to^e'was a gentlemaa m the v" House who had mven him to understandthattherw -- was already a scheme on foot to cany ^out the; - h railway by private enterprise, % ;-.y Hie beli here rang, ana the House adjourned for v. dinner. .. - - - , - , On the rittingbeing resumed, - r : Mr. TOWNBBlKD continued—Sincehe had been -; ? \- in the House he had spoken to several gentlemen from the Port, and they took prerisely the same view that he did. " (Oh.) The preseaUrbridge was a ~ disgrace; hut it was anice point to discuBBWhether there teiould be a strong Bubstanrial hridge without a railway, or a bridge adapted for carrying a , ndlway. Some persons Baid the preseut bnoga could be patched apand repmred; but hedid not believe it could.^.He-iiad never raised lactious opposition-(3he Chief Secretary—"Hear, hear' i —and never would, and he drew,a linebetwcm« - that and a simple wMi to get mforination. He was not at all antagonistic totne scheme proposed, and • would support the Government if they said it was the best that could be adopted; imt it mnst be - remembered that, although this ""U" had been under the anxious con&iderationof; the Govemmenfr for a long time, hon. members vrere not ih posses-" sionof tne same informationthatthey were. He hoped the Government would consoit to the re sumption of tiie.HouBet. ~ . The preamble was postponed. On toe motion of thB COWMTSfffONEB of PUBLIC WORKS, the House :resumed, and the - Committee obtained leave to sit again cm Tuesday. SUPPLY.—THE ESTEMATKS. The TREASUREK {Hon. L. Glyde) moved thak - this be an Orderofithe Day foX(Tue8day. Then he would be willing to postpeme the Establishments for some time in consequence of the anpointinent ' of a Select Committee upon the Civil JService Bill , . : ,. but he would aBk toe House to go on with Pablic -, Works, which wouid not be affeteed byHie- Civii :; Service K1L - • - The motion was carried, and Supply waa made ; anOrder of theDayforTuesday. . ^ ^ ' The other business' was postponed, titers ATTORHDY-GENERAL stating that he wotild. ' with the Chief Seraetary^s permiMoiv bnng the - Real Property Bill on as the first Order of the Day ; ;■■; en Tuesday. House adjourned at 7.30 o'clock till the following Tuesday at 2 p.m. 