DURINGo the whole of last week and a con= siderable portion ofthe week before bush fires might have been seen in almost every direction, taking a view from Heathcote as a centre, and the atmosphere appeared thickly impregnated with smoke. Each evening of the latter days of last week the sun set and the moon rose like solitary balls of fire, con sequent on the smoky and heated state of the air, forming a striking contrast to what might be expected at this genial season of the year in Australis-a beautiful and bril liant sunset and silvery moonbeams lighting up the hill tops, and making more romantic still the sombre and densely timbered glades by causing each denizen of the forest to cast its own dark shadow. The thermumeter for several azs 'standing at an average of over 110 in the shade and over 130 in the sun. speaks plainly and umnistakably of the heat experienced, and may give a somewhat cor rect idea as to the extent to which vegeta would have thoughlt ignition would have taken place, as it were, on the slightest cause, and people were heated to such an extent themselves that even spontaneous .combus tion and general conflagration would not have appeared to them impossible, although, perhaps, luckily not over probable. But when human nature is subjected to a degree of beat exceeding that of the par-poiling. or semi-roasting point, it should not be won dered at if an idea were entertained phat it would culninate in something direfid. Black Thursday is not a day of fiction, as will be painfully and vividly remembered lb all who were unfortunate enough to be sub jected to its heat. With such an eventful and calamitous day remaining fresh on our memories, it should act as a warning against anything being done that may lead to a repeti tion of it. Although, perhaps, the facilities for such a wide-spread conflagratibn as then took place have been considearbly cut off Ly closer settlement on the land, through the great increase in the population, and the net work of roads formed in consequence, to gether with the fact that the herbage has heen more closely cropped by the sittlers' live stock. still it is now possible to ride in a direct line through miles of bush country intersected here and there only by bush tracks and blind creeks over which a fire, fanned and urged on by a strong .nd sprching hot wind, would cross with 'the greatest of ease. Farms and newly selected and fenced land would in no way impede-a fire-fairly started with wind and wdather farraible, hut would shortly assume a very blackened appearance, with charred posts and rails here and there plong the lines of what were once fencing. Squatters' runs generally, from their more unprotected nature, would be more greedily licked by the flames, and their brush anid chock and log fences, being highly ignitible, easily devoured. Considering tle yast amount of damage that may be done. to bhe property of a very cousiderable portion of the cominnnity by fire, we would deeply impress all those who use it to use it care fully, and divert as far as possible the chances of causing cofilagrations that might prove disastrous in their conueqeges. It is difficult to say what may be tIle result of a camp fire left burning or a liglte4 match thrown down by a smoker, or heedlesq spprtsmen7, popping about ia the bush, using paper in their guns instead of pellets. If the causes pf bush-fires could be traced, their origin wouldin w n the majority of cases, be found to be carelessness. It is, therefore, imperatively necessary that, in the interest of the communityeach member of it should exercise every precatiition to protect the pro. prty of all by jrqventing as far as pgle Az.oh calpmities. Although we can con grthlate ourselves of in the fore part of the week having experienced weather com paratively cool for the time of year, and pleasantly changed from the glaring days of the week previous, thero is no knoying what a day may bring forth, and how soon we may be suabjted to the torrid glow of a?su?- and scorch?iog Iot winds we have already had to lear. W .cpunot but expect that such heat will soon rqturn, and vegetation being still mope parched and inflammable than before, it is to be hoped that it will not be tempted by the careless use of fire. 