BUNGENDORE. (Froe our co;respondent.) Q?uANBEyAn GeNReaL SEssloas.-Satur'ay, Feb ronry 7th.-Before his Honor Judge Mo Farland. The court opened at ton minutes past ten a.m. Mr. Lee prosecuted for the crown. Meosrs. Scar veil and Parr, solicilors, were present. Three jurors were fined £2 each for not being present. The first case tried was 0. A. Mnasny v. - Truss; assault. The evidence being very clear in this case, theo jury found prisoner guilty without leaving their 00010. After the verdict had been given, his Honor anked Sergeant Latimer if he had any previous knowledge of prisoner's character. He replied he had, and read a list of offences, from which it appears he had been previously convicted no less than seven times. Sentenced to twelve months' hard labour in Goua burn gaol. J. Mc Gllinn senr. and J. Mo Glinn junr.; the former for stealing a bullock the property of a man named Carney, a carrier on the road-the latter for receiving, &r.; Mr. Searvell defended the prisoners, and made a very able speech in defence of hbie clients. The jury retired, and in hnlf-an-hour returned to court with a verdict of guilty in each case. Sentenced each to two years in Ooulburn gaol. There was another charge against each of tbhe priuoners for larceny, which will not be tried. The next case called on was one of sheep stealing. The Orown-Peosecutor asked his Honor to poslpone this case until Mouday, as there were a good many witnesses to examine for the crown, and be also understood from his friend MIr. Soarvell, who was defending prisoner, that he had several witnesses to bring forward; that the case could not be finished that day, and that in the interests of justice he should not like to see this case commenced that day, as no doubt the jury would have to be discharged until Monday; and he was informed by a juror that some persons were trying to influence some of the jurors. Mr. Scarvell did not object to the case being post poned. dis Honor said if he could only find out any person or persons who were guilty of such practice as that complained of by the crown-prosecutor, he would punish them to the fullest extent, and under the ciroumstances he would adjourn the court until MIonday morning at ten a.m. The court adjourned at ten minutes past three. Bush-Fires.-The late hot weather has caused the grass to be very much parched about here, and bush-fires are raging in all directions. The weather for the past few days has been intensely hot, and dust blowing, together with the hot winds, makes one feel very uncomfortable. Fishb for the Warri.-Some time ago several of the Braidwood people called for tenders to supply one hundred cod- fiash, to be put in the VWarri River, Mr. J. Donelly of this town being the successful ten derer; but his first trip has been very unlucky, he having caught the requisite number, and after transferring them a few miles on the journey in n zinc-lined case, he found a great number dead; so he has now adopted a method by whibch we hope he will be enabled to bring them in safety to their dee tination. 7th February. 