ILorai Jtimrlligriire Mr. Baylis upon tbe Press and the virtues of champagne. — In referring to Mr Baylis's esti mate of tbe Press at the recent dinner of the M. P. A., the Gundagai Times expresses itself ss fol lows upon bis excepting ' any gtntltnv.n connected with the Wagga Wagga papers' : — ' If Mr Baylis did not say, after Artemus Ward's fashion, ' this is sarkasm' when he emphasiz.d tbe italicised word it may be assumed that he meant it, and en deavoured in this paltry fashion to return a very poor quia pro quo lor some nara nits ne oas receive 1 from one of our Wagga contemporaries anent his eagerness to obtain prizes at the Pastoral Associa tion's show, and the manner in which he succeeded iu doing so on one ocuasiou.' After alluding to Mr Dowliog's disclaimer, as the representative of a Metropolitan journal, to any participation in the sweeping charge levelled against the press by Mr Baylis, our contemporary goes on to say: 'The representatives of tbe local journals seem to bave accepted the ambiguous compliment Mr Baylis paid to them as a deserved acknowledgement of their position, which, under the circumstances, was probably the wisest course they could pursue, if not the only one left open to tbem.' The ut terances of Mr Baylis suggested to us the strong impression that they tvere merely a remarkably c'unisy attempt upon his part in retaliation of some criticism which he has received in this journal. Our local contemporary, with infinite consideration for our feelings, endeavoured by somewhat mang ling what Mr Baylis reaily did say, to dissipate this impression from the public mind ; while tbe S. M. Herald with even greater forethought sup pressed the whole of the 'disagreeable' episode. Ofcoursc we are not either of our brothers' keeper, so that it is no business of ours to surmise what iuduced either distortion or excision of Mr Bsylis's remarks. Our duty ended with an honest report of what he did say. Notwithstanding the unmis takeable position which Mr Baylis's eccentric notions of honour have frequently compelled us to take np, we are not so ill-assured of that position as to dream that we shall be misinterpreted, or our above-named contemporaries commended for their mode of dealing with the difficulty. Even ad mitting that the Advertiser1! perceptions are vague, it is bard to believe tbat it could bave mis taken tbe intention of Mr Baylis's remarks. Legitimate self-esteem, and not pharisaism, com pels us to add that our assertions are quite able to stand without the corroboration of the S. M. Herald or tbe W. W. Advertiser. The Pukmikr AT Gundagai. — Mr Parkes ar rived iu Gundagai last Wednesday, about mid day. He was waited upon by a deputation, who represented to him the claims of the district to rail way communication with Cootainuudra. The absence of any engineering difficulties and the comparative shortness of tbe line — it being only 30 miles— were especially referred to, and it was also shown tbat the line would also meet tbe require ments of the Tumut and Adelong districts. Iu reply, Mr Parkes said that the Government were aware of the productive character of the district, and were disposed to consider favourably any representations for improving internal communica tion, but declined to make any definite promise without consulting bis colleagues. Mr Parkes visited the various public buildings, and left the town after less than two hours' stay. History can say of Mr Parkes, that with the help of King Cobb and subordinates in tbe Eduoation Office he accomplished two great works during his term of office ; made tbe quickest overland trip on record, and carried an Education Bill. The bush-fires at Kiama.— A telegram to the Herald eives us the following particiuars of tbe fires at Kiama : — A day or two ago some farmers were clearing by burning off ; and the great gale which blew on Sunday last has eauBed the tires to spread with great rapidity over tbe Jamberoo and Saddle Back Mountains, Kiama, covering a countrv of ten or twelve miles, thereby destroying iaige quantities of timber and fencing. Five families escaped with tbeir lives ; but their residences and property bave been destroyed. Municipal sale of Leases.— We may remind those interested in tbe leases of the reserve near the Wolluudry lagoon, that they will be submitted to sale by auction to morrow (Thursday), at 11 o'clock a.m. The leases are for five years. Crown Lands Sale. — At the Crown Lands sale held by Mr E. H. TompBon on Saturday last at the Court-house, all the lots offered fell at the upset price to the bid of Messrs Ronald and McBain. New Journal, — We have received the two first numbers of tbe Home Rule Chronicle. Tbe Chronicle is a well printed journal, published bi weekly, and under the same proprietorship as the ' Gulgong Argus. The expenses of .Medical witnesses ? In the case of Manns, who was tried at tbe last Circuit Court for rape, it will be remembered tbat Dr Pratt was subpoenaed as a witness for the Crown, but not called, and that he subsequently gave evi dence for the defence. From a letter addressed by Dr Pratt to the S. M. Herald, it appears tbat tbe expenses of his journey from Forbes, where he was then, and is now, residing, amounted to some £35, irrespectively of inconvenience and possible Iocs of Sactise ; bat that he merely reoeived £9 6s 101. e complains thai be haa been again sabpmsed to atteaa'the ensuing Circuit Court here ; and after expressing his opinion that do benefit may result to either the public or the State by tbe evidence which be baa to tender, he goes on as follow* open tbe vexed subject of inadequate payment of ex penses to professional witnesses : — ' Now, what 1 and other medical men T'-in of is, that we should be subposoaed in oases when oar evidence is not at all material, much lees neoeeeeiy {ss proved in my case), and taken hundreds of rnUes away from o«r homes, to our own great inconveni ence and lose, as well as to the paeeiUe eenoes coBDequenoee to oar netienti (left, as in my cass. witlrao other medical aid within reach). Why shoeld medical pen be thus particularly victimised as tbey constantly are t As « rml^ tha sasmhsn ef tbe medical ptofawfoa -are sIwms wfllist te eacrifioethmnwiees^aoi tfafc oe- pisiailifil^ Whsussia tbe tssJsef jsrtfte nasbesl aDlMalfcr over. In eases where medical evidence is 'natty re quired for tbe ends of justice, the compensation to a medical man, in this colony, is simply abcuid, as von tfill have seen by what I have told yon above. Now,'in England, and even in the adjoining colony of Victoria, thia is not so. It is there understood that, 'although the individual, and particularly tha professional man with special knowledge, is ex. pec ted to sacrifioe his time and private affairs when necessary, for tbe ends of justice, still that at least he must not be obliged to suffer a loss in bis actual living and travelling expenses.' Local winnebs in the Ballarat; Art-Union. — From an extract from the letter of tbe corres pondent of the Argus, which we publish elsewhere, it will be seen tbat tbe lower prizes in the ' Art Union ' bave not given very great satis factionjto the fortunate winners. ^The £1 prizes appear to;be especially contemptible, and as no «iore valuable prize has been wou in this district, we have but little congratulation to offer to the holders of winning tickets. This being the case, in consider, ation for the feelings of tbe winners themselves, we abstain from giving tbeir names. The follow ing are tbe numbers of the tickets, together with tbe numbers of the prizes gained : — Ticket, No. 6963 . . Prize, No. 479 — 8U92 .. — 773 — 8094 .. — 694 — 9903 .. — 663 — 9917 .. — 713 — 9920 .. — 606 The Railway between Cootamundua and WAGGA.— During tbe present week the town has been singularly afflicted with railway contractors, who hate come up on a tour of inspection of the surveyed line between Wagga and Cootamundra. Tenders for this eection will be received np to Tuesday tbe 23rd instant. According to tha specifications, we believe the terminus is to be at Cartwright's hill, and we may naturally suppose that this decision, to which we have more fully referred elsewhere, will meet with an earnest pro test from the residents. Representatives of tbe following well- known contracting firms have been among those who have inspected the line : — Messrs Overend and Robb, Blunt and Williams, Wakeford and Amos, and Mr Musson. River Navigation.— Tbe Cumberoona left Hay on Wednesday last, aud may be expected here some time to-day. The Bridge Approach on the North Sidk. — The Bridge Company are obdurately holding out against repairing that portion of the approach withiu the rails on the north side of the river. It will be remembered that they preferred with the utmost self-posseBsion a request some time ago tbat the Municipal Council should repair tbe pieoe of road in question. The aldermen were almost startled into a smile at the audacity of tbe pro posal, and as soon as they bad recovered breath, promptly informed the Company that they must keep their approach in repair themselves. Nothing, however, has been done to it, and the spot is bl ooming interesting from the probability of some one being killed there before long. Mr Hanson, butcher, of North Wagga, was returning from this side on Saturday morning last, and when driving at a walking-pace over this portion of the ap. poach, wat suddenly thrown out of biB cart owing to the wbeel going into one of the holes which it is now quite impossible to avoid, so disgraceful is the condition of the road. Ail those who nave occasion to croes the bridge express themselves in forcible terms about the conduct of tbe Company. The worthy directors are evidently determined not to forego that privilege of manslaughter which they attempt to put in practice upou every available opportunity. Now tbat there is no necessity to save a pound and risk a few livcB by removing the railB, they allow the approach to get into so dangerous a state tbat the greatest caution has to bo exercised to prevent accideuts. Accidknt. — We regret to report a somewhat serious accident which oocunedto Mr John Rand of Oura, yesterday. Mr Rand was about going out on the run on horseback, and when within only a few yards of tbe house, iu going round the stump of a tree the horse fell, rolling over its rider, and breaking Mr Rai d's leg just above the ankle. Dr Hooper was immediately sent for, and prooeeded to the station, but at a late hour last evening Le had uot returned. The place where the accident occurred is, strange to say, juBt the same as that where Mr Rand's eon Bome time ago met with a similar accident and also broke bis leg. The Dutiks of 'local agents.' — We will give our looal contemporary due credit : if merely impudqpee will meet a difficulty it is never at a loss. In excusing itself in the last issue for being unsuppliad with the results of the Ballarat Art union, it states that it relied upon the ' local agent Mr Hawkins,' for full particulars We bave Mr Hawkin's authority for stating that he certainly was not ' local agent ' in the sense applied by tbe Advertiser. All his responsibility in tbe matter ended with the sale of a few tickets which he promised tbe eecretary, Mr Batteu, to dispose of. Our information as to the results had to be procured in the usual business course, without reference to any looal agent '—a plan which our contemporary wouiu uave done well also to adopt, instead of wasting some time and a little paper in rather silly remarks. Gundagai Land Office.— The subjoined con- ditional purchases were made at tbe Gundagai land office on Thursday, the 3rd inst :— Geo Webb 160, Jindalee ; Oswald J. Webb 40a, do ; Francis W. Horsley 1 40a, Muudarlo ; William Edwards, senr, 200a, Willie Ploma ; Ann H. Bushell 320a, Kimo ; John Fitzgerald 40a, do ; Joalma Bushell 160a, do ; Jacob Bushell 120a, do ; Joseph Bushell 120a, do ; William J. C. Hazlett 80a, Tarrabandra ; Rcbt A. Hazlett 50a, do ; Mary Ryan two lots 40a each, Jindalee ; Thomas Gallogby 40a, Bongongo ; John P. Sullivan 80a. Money Money ; Edward Jamison 60a and 40a, Willie Ploma ; Henry Baker 40a, Jindalee; James Wilson two lots 40a each, Wagsa; Geo Follent 40a, Willie Ploma; Samuel Watt 40a, Bangus ; John Higgerty 320a, Jronbong ; John Fuller 40a, Tenindra; Robert Owen 320a, Darbalara ; John Beaver 40a, Mundarlo. The fol lowing were made on 10th inst : —Thomas Johnson 100a, Jindalee; Wm A. Robinson 100a, Kimo; George Morgan 100a, do ; Thos Davis two lots 40a snd 50a eacn, Euadera ; Edward F. Keane 40a, Money Money ; Jas Bowman 60a, Willie Ploma ; John C. McLean 60a, Tarrabandra ; Joseph Cox 40a, Jindalee ; Roger Carey 50a, North Gundagai ; Octavi us Turner 40a, Euadera ; Geo Turner 40a, ,do ; Margaret Franklin 40a, EUenlie. 