LOCAL NEWS. OMISSIONS.-Our various correspondents asé our subscribers will no doubt pardon our repeated delaya in publishing communications just now. The elec- tion nominations and meetings are of course at this moment of greater consequence to the country and to our readers generally, because of the» political value, than any other news whatever. We therefore' - give them the precedence. Fortunately this pressure will only last another fortnight orso, after whioh our numerous and long columns, and double paper on Saturdays, will enable us, as usual, to give all the news of the day promptly and fully. THE DOMINICAN COUVENT ANNUAL ESTKBTAIK- . MENT.-At this brilliant entertainment, which took place on Thursday evening last, we were unable to have a reporter in attendance, so engrossing were the election demands on our force. A friend has kindly obliged us with a report, and rather than abridge it for our crowded columns of this morning, we will endeavour to give it in full in Thursday's Mercury. THE TKANSIT OF VENUS.-Correspondente at»' kindly sending us notices of the appearances pre- sented at their own localities bj- the transit pi Venus, across the sun on Wednesday Bec. 9. We are obliged to reserve them for publication, with notices, {ram other papers, until our columns are a little lea« crowded with election news. EAST MAITLAND PUBLIC SCHOOL COXCERT.-_à very successful concert was held on Thursday «Han- ing last. The report in our next. FOOT RACK.-A foot race for 10s. a side, distance 150 yards, came off on Saturday evening about «aven o'clock, over the Belmore Bridge, between, two youths named Thomas Harris and Alfred Cobon. The race was won by Harris with ease. THE WEATHER IN THE INTERIOR.-We; are favoured by a mercantile firm in town with the fol- lowing extracts from their correspondence:-"Curra Willlngbi, Dec, 4. I have obtained from tb^ Queensland Government a refund of license fee» te carriers. Licenses since the 1st July are only 2«. 63. per annum, instead of one pound as foimerly, and are now allowed to run twelve months from date of grant, instead of as formerly only to end of year; io that carriers have that bugbear out of the way. Be kind enough to make it generally known. The road U now in good travelling order ; plenty el fnet\ everywhere, except in just this immediate naigbbouB» hood. For the last week the weather baa bee» cloudy, and rain has seemed very near, sometimea a ' slight sprinkle and perhaps a little shower. Wa hope there will be a good steady fall befara ti* clouds disperse. The country up the Balonne and Maranoa is reported as never looking better, and en the Culgoa and Bree, from Gnomonery (Rangal, ford's) downwards, there is abundance of green ried. The slight fresh in the river is subsiding, alter giving us a supply o? fresh water; there will be no scarcity of that blessing during the summer. 11.30 ami. It is now raining lightly, but Bteadily; if it continual I will let you know before closing this. 5th Dec. It only rained very lightly till dark yeitenfcy, cleared off to-day, but I hope not permanently. GUCKET.-Three weeks ago a cricket match waa commenced between the second eleven Albion» and first eleven Nationals. On Saturday week last it was continued, and resulted in the Nationals securing to themselves another easy victory in one inning« and 38 runs. The Albion« in theil first inning« scored 90. The Nationals, following the example set them by their opponents, went in and made 166, of which H. Young made 38, Smith, Jarman, Turner, and Pullen being well up. In the second innings of the Albions, G. Gorriçk played a pretty innings for 25 not out, the others running the acora up to 38. Jarman and Young doing the bowling for the Nationals, the fielding being all that could ne desired. Owing to the pressure of election news and adver- tisements, we have no room for cricket scores, Our friends will therefore excuse our omitting them. NEW POLLING PLACE, HUNTER ELECTORATE. It is notified in the Gazette of Tuesday Dee. 8, that Greta has been appointed a polling place for the electorate of the Hunter. NEW POLLEÎG PLACES.-The following new pol- ling places are named in Gazette notices of Dec. 8th and 11th. The Clarence-Palmer"« Island, Ohatowaili Island, and Brushgrove. The Hasting«-Ennis. Ne». tlnimberland-Wickham. Goldfields ïorth-Arma- dale. DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIBEB.-Our reporter, in re- turning on Thursday night from the Wollombi nomi- nation saw, and afterwards described, an extensiva bush fire raging along the mountain sides. We learn that about Dungog, and also at Lake Macquarie, des- tructive fires have prevailed since the excessive Beat of last Wednesday and Thursday. Near Dungog we are told several houses had a narrow escape, among others Dingadee, the residence of Mr. John Hooke. There was also a large fir« raging between Singletaft and Broke, and one at Muswellbrook. THE TBANSIT OP VENT/S -Wednesday la** «uti fearfully hot about Maitland that only a limited number of persons had courage to observe At «H closely the phenomena of the transit of Venus, tiaro»« the sun's disc, from just before noon to aboutie*» in the afternoon. At Sydney, the Herald npavfet that the Observatory observations, favored tar Ö» fine weather, were Tery complete and successful, and some minute information is already given of the scientific results. And generally the various stations in this colony seem to nave enjoyed flrie^ bijt v«CT hot, weather, for the necessary observations. JJX Melbourne it was very cloudy and raining till th'o transit had commenced, but was afterwards favor- able. At Hobart Town it was cloudy and Oje» ris- ing till half past two o'clock, and afterwards fcie. At Brisbane fine weather was enjoyed, and the gbmr vations were very completely taken. At A&tLuSa; it was cloudy at first, but afterwards very fine. ELECTION OF TBEASUEKR, SCHOOL OP AKTS, W.M.-The meeting on Thursday eve_ning, in Cflnjae quence of the intolerable heat of the weather, foA other external influences, waa not as largely attenjíeá as the occasion called forth ; but those members prp ,sent expressed their satisfaction at so eligibl» 4 cjar didate being nominated for the office as Mr.S.Í!wec¿ and unanimously elected him Treasurer of tho in» stitution foi the ensuing six months, BUSHFIRES.-We have had scorching weather during the last few days, and the heat has been materially augmented by the prevalence of bushfires in various directions. A large fire has been burning during the week on the Sugarloaf mountain, and along the Wollombi road the mountains were on fire for miles. The sight at night was a very grand one, as the fire was not at any place in one body, but went in a tortuous chain up and down the side of the precipices. POLLINO PLACE ABOLISHED.-A notice in the Gazette oí the 11th December states that Hanbury has been cancelled as a polling place in the electo- rate of Northumberland. RESERVES.-Each Gazette that is issued contains the) particulars of reserves which are front time to time proclaimed for various purposes. POLICE BUSINESS. — Two cases were disposed of at the West Maitland police court, on Thursday, the magistrates on the bench being Mr. Jas. Smith, P.M., and Mr. H. S. Badgery, DRUNKENNESS. — On Thursday last, at the West Maitland police court, Ann Bourke, for being drunk on Wednesday evening, in High-street, was discharged with a caution. ILLEGAL DETENTION OF PROPERTY. — John McGuinness v. John Dallas: This case, which had been postponed from last Monday, was again called on, at the West Maitland police court, on Thursday. Mr. Dillon, instructed by Mr. J. A. Gorrick, appeared on behalf of the complainant, and Mr. R. W. Thompson for defendant. Mr. Dillon was about to explain the particulars of the case to the bench, when Mr. Thompson raised an objection — that the case had been heard on a previous occasion by the Police Magistrate, and dismissed. The bench, after hearing arguments from both the legal gentlemen engaged in the case, declined to entertain any further evidence, as the case had been disposed of on a former occasion on its merits. Case dismissed accordingly. 