If the trees in the State Forests would only grow as fast as the difficulties about their management, the country would have a magni ficent supply of timber, and there would be no fear ,Qf climatic .results; from.., the increasing nakedness of the land.' ‘''But)' un happily;- the difficultieaincrease and/multiply, and the trees are “destroyed, whilst Ministers gaze on bewildered, and know not what to do. Mr Casey has recently been on a tour hfdnspectibn, 'dunug-which' he-' appears'to have learned a great deal, and to have imagined somewhat more than he has learned. He has learned so ■imuchy- as-die'sthihks/sthat he has fairly ityjgst; Board, and thereat?,signs. and a’.dead lock, or a retirement in utter and unqualified disgust, on the part • of- the,, local who have not yet got to.the. length.; of havin" their-regulations gazetted. A letter from: the Office of Bands and Survey, dated 12 th Janu- : ary, 1874,’ conveyed the other-day the surpris ing intelligence that “ a departmental error was made in the notice which placed tinder the management of the Ballarat State Forest Board all State Forests ip’the shires of Bungaree'and Ballah, as it was hot intended to that board the control.of auy.part.of .the Bullarook Forest.” We. need say, . just now,': nothing about what was* “intended,”nor aboutthe manner in which “a made to cover a multitude of .mistakes,- beyond this, that if such errors are. often committed it is high time . that : the department;' : was thoroughly reorganised. What the Ballarat State Forest Board is to have control -of is, it appears, this :—Ballarat and Cres wick State - Forest,-- about :5 14,QP&’; acres; Ballarat State Forest, acres; Cardigan and Haddon Stalte iobo acres; Bunin yong Timber ' total, 28,200 acres. Most.persons“know that these timber reserves, for they cannot'properly be called forests, are of little value. .Theyhave been so shamefully neglected,’ that'the timber has been . destroyed, and they are now . not worth having, save in conjunction with more valuable l reserves which might - help , to pay_ for the' improvements: which- must be carried out. : Accordingly, the Ballarat board, at a meeting on r Saturday last, felt its duty to be to decline'tO tb do’with the business, if its functions afe : to 'be restricted to the’ "barren; lands aforesaid! In a, lengthy reply, which we publish elsewhere, tlie board combats the assertion made by the department that inconvenience would arise- from;'having portions of Bullarook Forest, under different managements, since it would be the business of such board to avoid the evils supposed. .’So far, we think, the department,- or Minister, or both, may be. saidto be-answered. But, ’more lies behind, and the real reason why the “ departmental error ” was discovered appears to be this, that the Minister of Bands does not beheye that, any means, can . be . found to prevent the waste of' timber. It Is pointed out that no less'than three bailiffs are actually engaged- in Bullarook Forest, two of whom devote “ the whole of their time” to the detec tion of illegal destroyers of timber, and who, be it recorded for the benefit of all concerned, have not yet succeeded in convicting a single person, although the destruction is . going on still faster and more furiously than ever. Be sides these energetic ..officers, there is,., we are told, occasional assistance from the police, the value of whose services may be represented by the duck’s-egg of the cricket-field, or the unmistakeable nil of government returns. We see that the department avers that evidence can not be'got to -satisfy a bench of magistrates, but no record-is to be found of any attempt to satisfy the magisterial mind, and it is, clearly, taken for granted that nothing can;- be done, simply: because nothing has been done.; Such reasoning is not only illogical, but terribly absorb. To plead neglect and indifference as reasons why there should not be ."bare and vigilance, is- to. .plead the negative against the affirmative, to plead the false against the true, to assert that because’ men have goho/wrong is a proof that they never can go right. The Minister of Bands objects to the regulations sent down’’by:the 7 local- Forest Boardj -on the ground that they; resemble those made - by/the Government which are found to be inoperative, and hints that if a totallynew system of manage ment could be devised, he might not object to extend the jurisdiction of .the board. To this the board replies, in effect, that "there is a wide difference between- local and government and that the former may be able • to do what the latter' cahiiot ’ even-venture to attempt. And, the. reply seems to us to be a sound one. We have no hesitation in saying that if the Government will give the local board territory worth the trouble of looMngafter, ifit -will clothe it with amplepbwersj 'and leave it free from the., meddling, of the Minister! or his department, ’*'the'"board will find! evidence enough to.. satisfy several benches of magistrates. The Minister of Bands is t° believe a day’s duration||Jeara stfie iwhole facts of the case, whereas tkiij tmth/is/' the opinionsjff |gpe interested The local ohphe'' spot, its members know what can be done, Jhev-will Jook. well after their officers, and what” is tnlT^al»^r|r§f" their f revenue. Thus, it is idle to argub fronubailifik are difficulties could and won!d~be met, arid we vehturetb say that the Ballarat Forest Board would not ; he behind other local bodies in energy and in telligence. However, the department stops the way. It has resolved to cut off the only forest worth having, and so we may expect to see the one promising attempt to stop the destruction of timber rendered futile through certain foregone conclusions of a Minister, who ; went and saw and was convinced. We have ■ argued Tmapy g^!^?2fd^he/|iartiqulars to which we _now give_ publicity serve greatly to strengthen' our 'Case, that 5 tHe 'dfaiy :which the forests can,be conserved is, by granting to local bodies large powers, and by givinghhem a ‘ pecuhiaty mtefes'f'-Tn -the con servation and renewal of the timber. They will'find the means tbThe J ehdj ! 'and l \Hll , i6K6- , the problem which has puzzled the department ; and a long successionTdf Ministers. There j forejjWej urge/qn -Jdjj' |oasey to p.'gracefully|go ■ “ bock agen,” to give to the Ballarat board all I the forest lands.'heican; to.give it a large pecu iniary interest in the timber, and let it have a ' free field to meet and overcome the difficulties I which have overcome him. We have little doubt j as to the result, though we do not suppose that ;a satisfactory system of forest management ; will be discovered without much labor and Jong experience. Still, the Government con-, fesses that it can do nothing, and the Minister of Lands only mourns over the loss which he,- [with all his bailiffs, and “the occasional as isistance of several constables,” is powerless to ; prevent. The real difficulties to be overcome I arise, we think, from bushfires, ; the‘.rank under growth, and brbkeii' timber' hot'from' f the utter helplessness! of 'before; a.few reckless . woodcutters when Vl .Jbjas .utteriyjfeUed,; it shou!^atdeast let^.a,local, board jhaye'a’fair field, fdvp'n,^,.''‘ fe ,,”' ,4 ’ WE.^v^Jbeen ; .^ati!y.^^^ l>^.)|! which,has.heen going .on v,ipr„ some. ; :&ievpast;, as tb .whether. protectioncught.'tqibecontinued for the benefit-of.v:the-..Geelong: makers; of woollenjclqths.- .The .Geelong; fplks, aver.that it ought,: -and t ; for;. reasons which, • say the least, are decidedly curious.,d-They.aflfrmvthat they can .make tweeds; better and cheaper/than those!whichcan'.be:':impdrted;V ! 'and;:;!therefore, protection is urgently-required to enable'them to compete with “ the member rightly—an and j we' can hardly,': WC-think, forget—the case of the protectionists was this: a duty should be levied to give the local mauu facturers.a start,-but-whea.the.native .industry. had.reached that it-could pouir, petewith- “ the foreigner,” the' duty-was cease. It -is'wot- worth to search in. musty file's bf papbfs to bring 5 the'*protection ists’ own words in-evidence against themselves, beciiise we ’think/ much’as ' they' change 'front, that they will scarcely deny that this’ was'their case. They never contemplated permanent protective 'duties/ Ye'ar after year/ they said, these duties were to be'removed, until at last the local manufacturer stood proudly defiant, unhelped by a special tax for his benefit. Well, we find one wooden- hull at least to'be. a great success. It pays a handsome it underyaluesits property,, and; is,-altogether, in a flourishing' 1 condition?" Surely, tliatinill dfles; ;Uot- want-pnotMtipn-.-anyTlpnger./-rWe may fairly assume, unless- there' be gross ex aggeration some against all comers, nay, can do more, can,sell' a,better and cheaper article thahVthe impOTter/ Why, then, do its supporters still PlamOr'for protection ? Tf the time has hot arrived when this particular mill , can go alone, will, they obligingly tell us whenthat • happy- time: will arrive? When -will they be prepared to say £! -‘td- -the ‘policy has done its work, and you shall be taxed no more for our benefit.” For, be it remembered that in 1872 from one kind of woollen goods alone no less than £35,881 accrued to the revenue, whilst other kinds of woollens brought in a considerable amount.: Now/, this amount. -plus the increase in trade practice, plus the interest charged* ’by .retailers/ and. plus the interest charged upon extra, capital invested, was paid by the people for the benefit of the local woollen-mills. All we ask is this, when will these mills- be able to say. that taxation is no longer required, since they have collared and passed “the foreigner ?” if they cannot say this now, seeing that they can' make a better and cheaper article 1 and' divide large profits, when may we hope for 'the happy time, and the predicted outcome of a sound-protective policy? 