SUDDEN DEATH.-On Thursday Mr. Marsden, coroner, held an inquest at Bannaby on the body of Mrs Mary McCabe, aged about fifty years, wife of a settler. From the evidence adduced it appears that the deceased had for some time complained of a pain in the chest and of being subject to fits. On Mon- day she went to Taralga and saw Mr. Whiting, who gave her some medicine which afforded some relief. On the following evening she was going home in a cart and was taken suddenly ill and died. The evi- dence of Dr. Morton, who made a post-mortem examination, showed that the deceased died of fatty degeneration of the heart. Verdict accordingly. SEVERE HAILSTORM.-On Thursday afternoon as Dr. Morton was returning from an inquest at Ban- naby he encountered a very severe bhslutorm about two miles on the Goulburn side of Taraula. Tne hailstones were fully as large as eggs and of irrege far shapes, and they fell with such force as to cause the horses to bolt. Tne doctor's hat was smashed in and be got a very severe blow on the head, and his groom, who wore a soft-orouwn bat, was partially stannned, and now has several lumps on his head. With some difficulty the doctor succeeded in steady ing the horses, and the groom then got out ani went to their heads. Tne trees were literally stripped of their leaves. Toe storm lasted but a short time; and on proceeding it was found not to have extended two miles aloog the road. \VWe hve however sele heard that there was at the same time a rather heavry hailstorm at Marulan and at the OClear Hill on the Laggan road. Busu.Frun.-During the week bush-fires, in some cases of m>re than usutl extent, hbve been blezing in various parts of the Goulburn district. WesecTAN MUTrcAL ItHPROVEENcr SOCIETY.-The baesiness for WVedneslay evenring last was the sub mitting frr approval of readings and recitations for the iorthoomiog eotertainment. A good marny members were presenot; Mr. Forxall in the chair. A gentleman wmas electe a member. The various pieces were commented on, and very few mistakes or errors in delivery were allowed to pass without re mark. The following readings were given:--31r. Hiodges, ATraveller'a Tale; and Mr. Leke, the DUn cerlaintyof Fortune. Recitations-Mr. B-er, Bring Back the Chain-a slave's potition; Mr. Pucey, the Poor Man and the Frond; Mr. Konney, the BeIIl; Mr. W. Robhinason, A Churchyard Saoe; and Mr. Yoangman, Sheridao'e Invective on the Conduct of \VWarren Hastings in India. Tfoe same business will be resumed next week. "dse.WcrTeunh o AT GOcULuos.-For the hSat few days we have had very hot and dry weather at (Gotu burn. Tnoere harve been frequent indications of rain, but none has fallen, nod the country now presents a very parched appetrancee. INQUEST. — Yesterday Mr. Betts held an in quest in the gaol upon the body of John Callaghan there lying dead.—Jeremiah Frewin, chief-warder, deposed: Deceased was received into gaol on Janu ary 19th, on a charge of vagrancy; he complained of his head; there was discharge from his left ear; he was very weak, and confined to his bed; he lingered on, and died last night about five minutes to ten o'clock; he was a native of county Cork, arrived in the colony in 1858 by the Mary Ridgway, and was seventy-four years of age.—Selby Mars Morton de posed: I am visiting-surgeon to the gaol at Goul burn; the deceased has been under my care since the 19th ultimo; when admitted he was in a dying con dition, suffering from discharge from and pain in the left ear, rheumatiam in left shoulder, bronchitis, and old standing disease of the lungs, with great debility; be rallied slightly under medical treatment, but be gan again to sink, and gradually got weaker till be died.—Frederick Dowling, hospital wardsman, gave corroborative evidence as to the state of de ceased, and that deceased had everything that was requisite in the shape of food and luxuries.—Ver dict—" Died from old age and decay of nature." Qaatrco Sessro.ve.--COaurts of general and quarter-sessions of the puace will bha held at thbo following placesand dates, vz. :--Cooma, Tnursday, 12th February instant; Albury, Friday, 13th Feb roary instant; Doniliquin, Thursdarry, 26th February instant; Begs, Friday, 27th Febhrary inetant; and Forboes, Friday, 27th February instant. DREADFUL ACCIDENT FROM THE EXPLOSION OF A KEROSENE LAMP.—At dusk on Tuesday evening a very startling accident occurred from the explosion of a kerosene lamp at the bar of Mr. Frank Mc Grath's hotel, Braidwood. Mr. Mc Grath having replenished the lamp with oil, was trimming the wick to the counter, when before he had com pletely finished trimming it a man named Deane, a digger from Fernbank, who was standing by, held out a lighted match as it to light it. The aperture where the oil is put in not having been closed again, the fire must have run down to the oil inside. But however it happened both Deane and Mr. Mc Grath were immediately enveloped in a sheet of flame. The former was caught in the arms of a young man close at hand, and was found to be in a pitiable con dition from the severe burns he had sustained, the flesh of his hands being completely torn off, and his face and breast were a red as blood, whilst Mr. McGrath miraculously escaped being touched with the fire in the slightest degree, and singular to re late the lamp with not a drop of oil in it was found on the floor unbroken. The poor sufferer was in awful agony. Salad oil and flour were immediately applied, and neither of the doctors being at home, Mr. Clapham, the chemist, brought down a bottle of liquis to foment his face and hands with and pre scribed the remedies he thought best. We are afraid the results will be very serious, so severe are the injuries the poor fellow sustained.—Braidwood Dispatch. a t.-..sOr . M3O-". .io0x.q'L-Or'eI - *** ei" btblishment of " homes for bnshmen " has been ad vt?oted at varins times by benevolent peraona in erestei in the welfare of a Ulrge portion of the com mnnitv, who are decidedai of a migratory diepo-i tion. In large cities CSpeislly the eitablishment of cocb a home is an ac!md nec~.sity. In this city, ccpplied bv the " mdel lodging-house " in King stretl, tbhe "number of persans scccmmoatedi from the otening of the institorian. S'?ptember ist, to ih 19ih January, have been 17,225--an average of 122 perron doring 141 nights. The hnilding cnt fJr erection £5173 5e., cut of Ihad £1733 6.. 8 I., in furnishing £1122 0s. 51., while the profits hate been £5) per month. T9e success of this establishment anoold gire an impetus to the building of etmilar in rtntitions in all the colonies, for they give a good, che«p, and clean home to the wanderer, who ia otherwise almost lot in the large cities.-Corres poendnt of Pastoral Times. S a.BLT STAsvEn To Dco.ec.-On Wednesday an old G-rmun was brounh: up at the Albory polic~ eJnrt for his own protection, he haring been foand on the bank of the river near Camberoone, nearly starred to death. It appears that the old man, who has been employed as a firm laborer, bad been takea ill at the bezinning of the month while camped on the spot where he was founl, and where he had gone to indnlge in a day's fishiog. Becoming too weak to trave!, be was f-rced to remain where be we, and was only able to crawl down every day to the river for a drink, and when discovered had been, according to his own account, twenty days without food. Aftlr he had been lying there for ten days, Mr. Be-rt happenld to piss by on horeeback, and askled him if he hod cooght any fish. The oal man repliet in the negatie ; but before he conll enter into any further exp!anation, MSr. B-ait was gone. Ten days aftermordla Mr. Bernt hap ,-ned again to pass the same way, and once more .ecostrd the old man. The latter on this occesion was able to explain his poition, and stated how long he had beon without food. Mr. Beolt fortn nutely bad some prorisions with him, which he avre to the old man, and th-n sent word to the Albury police station. Cnsteahle McLiuoghiln th-n ta.rt-d for the plac-, and with the aseistance of r1.. Beatt brought the suff- rer into town. Toe magis trate directed that be ohoald be remored to the hoe pital for mnelicel treitmer.t -Albury Banner. COs Sccn TIcoGS BE ?-The Sydn-y correapond ont of the Bithurst Tim- esays: -At the police c.urt some interest has been shown-first, in the raid made upon grocers and others, who have beeni clearly breaking the law by selling wines. &c.;, by the battle or laiss, and secondly, by the trial of a lot of union .trike men from the docks, whbo are at issue with their employers. In the first matter, a Sine of £30 hase been impos-d in each proved case; but I see that a charge similarly preferred against the most fashion able grocers in Sydney is postponed for a week, be tiecing some " settlement" will h*ve been made in the meantime (-o says a daily j mrnal). I never in my life heard such a cool at stement, nor did I yet know that because a retail grocer served a governor, or porveyed for a duke, and at the same time took to the glass or bottle trade ag-in6t the law, he con, when fairly caught at it, get his case adjourned by Ibhe bench for s-ttlement in the meantime. But so, we are informed, is the case, to the lasting die-race I of all concerned. It is strange, too, that though the matter is folly mentioned in the Erening Naes of SWednesday, the Herald has omitted noticing it. There's one thing sure-if the " adj turned " parties are not purseyors to more than one certain honorable uentleman in 3ltcquarie- strent, there will be a quesc tion in the house. Half the fine in each cese goeu to the informer. I wonder what he will dispose hi; conscience for in the "settlement" for which so mercful an opportunity has been afforded by an on lightened metropelitan bench. UspARLIAMEN'T&Rs; I-sclRY.-Someboylv askted Mr. Punch the other day wnether our 'oeasy Gavernor and our Raasi-Gooernor were related to each other. S-Sydney Panch. - . Botosaxe. -YVednnsdaoOy.-Tno Luay or ileatae from the Endeavour Riwer passed the steamer L ard Aebhley twenty miles off Percy Islands. She was utinder steam, with her foremast gone by dek, and her msin-topmest, boats, and a portion of her bal warks carried away. The Lord Ashley is now in Cleveland Bay. She was dismasted on the 23rd ultimo; and her bulworks, horses, and deck- ocrgo were washed away. No lives were lost.-Ali the seailors have been placed in custody for refusing to proceed further on the ground that the vessel is un sn.rorthy.-The Tortes Straits R. M. steamship Flintshire has arrive1, and stils at daybreak.-Tole grtm to S. M. Herald. MELro uRoto..--Tueoday.-At the meeting of the Commercial Bank to-day a dividend of eight per cent. per annum was declared.-The Btnk of Victoria de clared a dividend of ton per cnt., besides a bonue of two per cent.-Toe Hohnon'6 Bey Railway Company decltared a dividend of six per cent.--Tol, the U.ion Bank clerk, pleaded gutty to the charge at embhz zling £1200. His paramour was convicted of lelo n?nelv r;ceiving. Sentences deferred.-Telsgramn to S. M. Herald. Passnurrcsa..-A meeting of the congregation of the Presbyterian church of this district was held on WVednesday tst. About twenty members were present. Mr. J. P. Ritchie occupied the chair. A crmmunication was real from the Qlsanbeyan con gregotion sugrceting a union of the two districts for the purpose of jointly supporting a minister. It was resolved not to adopt the auggestion. The chairman then read the following exorrot from the Australian Witneor: -"The Church Extension Committee met on the 20th inst., in St. Stephen's Church, Sydney. The members present were tbn Rev.JmnsaCamernn, I A, convener, the Raees. Dr. Hte Gibbon, Dr. Gilohrist, R S. Paterson, and (i. Macready. The d-potation to the southern districts gave in their reptrt with a statement of their onoenses. The Rev. Mr. Bollantyno from New Z?land weas ap pointed to Brmildwnod for three months, and the I?ev. W'. J. Cuthhert to YTso for a vimiltr period. The Rtv. John Gibhon was apptintel to Dangoer, conditionally on his appointment meeting with the approval of the session of that charge. The meeting weas closed with prayer." A committee was op pointed to co.operate with the Rev. Mr. COthbort during his stay in the district, and to represent the congregation in church mattere. The general foal ing of the meeting appeared to be that the oongro cation was not in a position at present to solicit the Presbvtery to moderate in a oall -- ass OCurier. TheMalbourne Age sasve: --OnSaturdaa news came to hand of the sodlean death of the celobrated race horse Dnn Jutan, who so rcently distinguished him self on the Flemincton course by winning the MVol bonrnra 0iE and other races. He took his customary gallop oa. SOtordey morningearly, after which it wee ohbserved that he muscles of the horee's shoulders were relaxed oand sore. S.ma blood also came from his nostrils. Afitr bei;ng fomented he appeared all right, and took his food as usual. Son afrter, MIr. Wilson left St. Albans for iMthourne, where he wos apprised of the death of the hlorse by a telegr.m. A post-mortem examination was made by MIr Vincent, veterinary sergeon, when it was found that the death of the horse was caused by a rupture of the vena-cava. The lunces were discosed and congested; but the heart was sound, and weighed 11t Ihe. 