NEWS AND NOTES. The, election campaign seems to have been fairly commenced, This evening Mr Serjeant Will address the electors of Ballarat West in the Alfred Hall. Mr W Clarke will also address the electors of Grenville in the Temperance Hall, Buninyohg/. I The weather on Friday, was a briokfieldcr, .though not’ of the most torrid sort. 1 At' sundpwn ;'the wind veered to' tbe and '• at. ! ,niglit'the "sty 1 was clouded, but the temperature not appreciably lb wered. Therewas,the reflection of, a Are in the, direc- > tiou of Buniriydng about three o'clock tins morning. We are informed -that7an" r ,extensive, bushfire was raging 1 all Friday in' the neighborhood of tlie'White Swan hotel, on .the. Dead Horse Badges, and travelling in the direction of the’ Springs’ and Little Bendigo. -There is little purchased property in the immediate; neighborhood of the fire,-but unless its progress has been arrested during the night we fear that some of the farmers and others in the localities mentioned: will have their ; properties endangered. /-The'.smoul dering remaine-of the fire on Messrs Davis and Lewel lyn’s farm, near’Kirk's; Dam, have not yet been extin guished. Mr Lewellyn, his son, and others have been continuously , engaged for.two days past in endeavor ing to keep the fife under, and prevent itf spreading into the lands of the Water Commission. Yesterday afternoon a portion of; Mr Lewellyn’s-paddock sprang suddenly into a blaze, and .it was with the utmost difficulty that the fire could be extinguished. Indeed, but for thedrain out along the boundary-fence it must have inevitably spread into the reserve and hundreds of : .valuable young . trees . been destroyed. Mr Lewellyn and his son deserve great praise for their unremitting attention; and unwearied efforts to keep the fire from spreading off their own ground. A reply to the honorary/justices’ letter about the sentencing of girls on charges.;of vagrancy at the ; Town Police-court has been received from the Crown ■ Law Offices. The correspondence between Mr Gaunt,' P.M., and the* department on the subject, has also' been received, and the matter will be considered at a meeting of honorary justices to be held this morning; after the disposal of business at the Town Court, which opens at half-past nine o’clock.,,. - . ■.. Considerable amusement was caused in the Cres- wick County Court on Thursday last, during the hear- ing of a case in which the Creswick Hospital Com- mittee sued a man named Boyes for medical atten- dance at the hospital. This man is one of the fanatics who broke up a comfortable home, left a well-con- ducted wife and three children, to be one of the fol lowers of John Stephens, the head of the “New Lights,” who reside at Newlyn. During the short time they were in the box on Thursday they did not shine very bright. The wife of Boyes stated the reason her husband deserted her was in consequence of her refusal to accompany him to Stephens’ place and conform to his usages and customs, her husband telling her she would be required to, obey Stephens in all things, and do everything he wished. Stephens admitted in cross-examination that he once went into Mrs Boyes’ bedroom and kissed her, with the consent of Boyes, and the husband acknowledged that he gave Stephens permission to kiss his wife, and seemed proud of the honor. Not so the unfortunate woman, who seemed broken-hearted at the treatment she had undergone from the man who had sworn to protect her and his friend. The bench made an order against the husband for £18 4s and costs. Avery large and handsome locust, of a clear green color, was brought to this office under rather curious circumstances yesterday evening. This enterprising locust perched himself on the ear of a employee in this office, and so gained the notoriety which, perhaps, he sought. He was three inches in length. At the meeting'of the Tobkey Company/on Friday, , the reports, &c.;, .were: received /and: adopted in; one motion, the chairman, Mr Barnard, explaining to the meeting that there : was- no necessity for separate motions for receiving and adopting reports. Of course the chairman'allowed discussion after the motion for the adoption of the reports was seconded. ’ Mr; Bar nard is apparently a believer-in the saying that, to save time is'to prolbpg life, and the new system would be a great saving of time in'many companies., . ' A young woman named Mary Ann White was ar rested by Constable Cox on. Friday, and lodged, in- the Eastern lock-up, on a charge of having stolen eleven £1 notes from the dwelling of Elizabeth Ann Down ing. The alleged theft is said to have been committed on Friday morning. At the Town Police-court bn Friday, four drunkards were dealt with in tbe‘ ordinary way, and a’young man named Benjamin Baird, who, was charged with vagrancy, was remanded till Monday. The mayor at tended at the court-house. A grand fishing party left Ballarat for Burrumbeot on'Friday, and intend to essay great things in the piscatorial line at the lake. Apparatus varied and complete, commissariat comfortable, hopes big with prophecy of luck, and a general resolve to be jolly, made up the outfit of the party. ■i On Friday / evening. an old man named Thomas Thick was given into the custody of Senior-constable Shine, whdTodged him in the City watchhouse on a charge of having, wilfully-broken a window in the house of Mr Jas. Purves. . At; the .Chines Borough Council meeting on Wed nesday a letter was read from the Mining Department stating that the councillors will be gazetted as Water Commissioners as .soon as the requisite papers shall have been passed; no delay will occur in that depart ment. The boy Wm. Bennett, who placed an iron bar on the railway line, between Ballarat and Burrumbect, was not punished at the City Police-court on Friday. Although brought before the court on .remand, Mr Gaunt advised the police to communicate with the boy’s father, and suggest that a good flogging should be administered to the youngster merely to act as a caution to him.-.'.lt did not appear to the bench that the boy knew the nature of the offence which he was committing, in placing an obstruction on the line, and in discharging the’ boy a caution .was given him. An old man named James Garty, without a coat or, in fact, decent clothing, and who should have been charged as a vagrant, was charged at the City Police court, on Friday, -with' having solicited aims''in the street. Carty's style was a peculiar one. Ho carried a paper purporting to be signed by a Dr Trotter, stating that “the bearer was suffering from rheum’atise and not able 'to do; laborious work.” Carty could not account satisfactorily as to how the document got into his but Mr.Gaunt’s house happened to have* been visited'twice by Carty, who was unconscious of the risk ho was'riinning, and hismodus operandi was known, to . Mr .Gaunt. : At,, the, house, of, the latter, Carty’handed'. inlns paper which , was afterwards returned by the servant girl, who refused to give him any money.; Not content with* the-*refusal, Carty pulled out of his-pocket, a small necktie of many colors,-and offered it to the girl, if she would give him one of her master’s shirts. Of course this modest request was refused; . On the following Jay, Oafty called at the same pl-ibe, and aedßrtaifiirigftfial ohjy .the girl was at lldtfie.he etideavdilfqtl to fdrfieihis way in»p ihe holise. As he was becoiflirie a- visitor, tdjdk afitioh ani hen'ee tlid feharge ( . bdl lie Wal let off by ike tJen'dll wiltea dautfqn. i X . A geherai of the Fetef -commfrtee: in .'cohneetiqn'rwith theiHiberniah Society; 'jjras held bn Friday' evening;, jThomp’Sqh in the; :bhair. \ was: a :]a^.,n(fonfUn^ The ing, dgveemg to patronise the fete on St. Patrick’s day:—Ballaratshire Council, Ballarat Lodge of tho Order of St.'Andrew,-S:C.f ’BallamTjbdge, I.OA);F.';' Alliaiic'e Society, Ballaraf Fire: Brigade,’' 'and City GoUDciU ''A leltbr waralso- rcad-’fromrthe lattetj.eotliplyiljg 'rfith -ttiO iioliiifllttaß's request that the 17th Mafch~ghbuld Be a public holi day. Votes .of J,liahks were passed to too ideal bodies and the societies for their cordial promises of co operation in making' the fete a successful- oae. A draft programme of the sports was presented by the secretary, which the meeting adopted with a few slight alterations. The programme furnished twenty six events. It was resolved that the oommittee-men and those placed on the honorary list should be pre sented With badges Oh the, day Of thb fetb; The fheeting adjourfied till next Friday eVehing. .. ; . fiwhM'lJenfy ftarrisqn, aged 13 years, oild Frederick Lovelock, aged 12 years, were arrested by Constable Mansfield on Friday night in Main street. The boys rah away .from their parents iti Mel bourne on Tuesday night and UaVe Walked to Ballarat. When bricsted they, appeared footsore and tired, and expressed themselves anxious to get'baek to their homes.; Harrison’s father keeps a fancy goods shop in the Melbourne Arcade, and Lovelock’s father is an auc tioneer in Bburke street.' The boys stated that they were tired of school and Melbourne life, and were going to Lahdsborough, where Lovelock’s uncle re sides-. The youngsters appeared tlldfdiighly worn Out with theif travelling and bush life between Melbourne and Ballarat. . Each pf -them had a pipe with a good supply of tobacco; and they carried between them a moderate sized swag containing bread, cheese, tea,.; and sugar, and a change of raiment. Theywere a_r-: 'rested bn a description- sent 'up from tile Melbdurfid police, and the ‘Charge entered Id the bdokd against them at the Eastern, ippk;up, is that of being neglected i children. We have received the “.Half-yearly Report of the .Model Sabbath-school Institute, Buninyong.” Besides : showing, the method and the teaching: adopted,;-the (report. qdeatidh,; passes strictures on some ddiidttiiDatioiial inddlgeiioes, ■ and Concludes that;—“The chief practical good to be: done by the visitor to the’ day-school would bo to as-; certain in.the school .all those who attend a Sabbath- 1 school and'-thosewhoMo hot, urging (m the latter both personally and by their parents to attend their own: Sabbath-school, let that .be '.Catholic or Protestant, or choose one or other within their reach (avoiding, touting).-/Indeed, the j person-foij be : selected by the'Boafd’of Advice,-arid report to them ' every visit. -It is now plain to all the churches that the Sabbath-school must;.take its position as a fixed! institution to meet the great want of the age, the religious training.of. the rising generation, gnd that as effectivelyas it 6* possible c 'witlF'tlie t 't jacking power now available.” ? It will be seen by reference to onr advertising columns that a public meeting is to be held next - Tuesday evening, in St. Andrew’s Church, in connec tion with the mission of the Presbyterian Church to the Chinese and Aborigipesjqf the coiofiy. The meet ing is to be addressed by the Rev. Mr Hamilton, of Melbourne, who is convener of the mission commit tee, and by the Revs. W. Young and F. A. Hagenauer! The former is superintendent of the Chinese branch of the mission; the latter is resident at Ramah Yuck, the aboriginal mission station in Gippslanti, which was recently visited by his Excellency the Governor in his tour through the Highlands-,of Victoria; ah'd which has been so frequently referred'tb in terms' of high commendation by those who have paid a visit to the settlement. Other local' -ministers 1 are also to take part in the meeting. The evening’s proceedings are to be rendered still jmore interesting by the aid- -,of a choir selected from the choirs 'of the'several' Presby terian congregations in Ballarat^ and which,.under the leadership' of Mr P. Cazaly, will fender a 1 number of choice selections of sacred" music—solos and anthems. Tho services of Mr A.-T.-, Turner have also been secured as organist. In addition to playing the' accompani ments he will also. give oue.or two solos during .the evening. . . j! -X; 1 ., . v.s } ; j !/'_ Our Lai Lai correspondent writes: —“ A few days ago a daughter of .the .schoolmaster. here was rather startled at accidentally handling a shake. Gathering ; bits of firewood from among a heap.of dead branches: and leaves, she mistook the reptile for a stick of white gum, -the bark,of •which, in a certain >stage,-qf-decay, asßumes’someyvhat the colbf'of snake. --The • only warning she got of her dangerous contact with; the venomous. enemy, was .in feeling it,move under' the pressure of her grasp. As may be imagined, she j speedily relinquished her hold and placed herself at a ‘ safe distance'from It. She rim home ffor assistance, 1 and the snake, one about three feet long, was killed.” l On Thursday night, about'eleven'o’clock, the police : arrested, at jtjebastopol, Win. North for a savage assault on IJiwarii Howlands (son jof - Mr J; C. 'jR- ow lands, the well-known owner 'of the Sebastopol! hounds). The offender beat the child—nine years oldi —with a heavy stick, inflicting a severe scalp wound' over .two'inches:' long,* and also ; beat him severely on tho body and arms. He stands remanded to appear on the 4th March at the court here. From the evidence of Mr English at the inquest on the late Mr Maxwell Reynolds, it appears that the lid of the box/containing thej combustible * material by which he lost his life was made to turn oh a nail at the end of the box, whereby the explosion was caused. A sombwhat similar'arrangement, although not pre cisely the same, appears'(says'the Argus) to have been made with regard to a box sent to the New York Custom-house in De’eembef -Jast/ of which we have the; following account in the New York Tribune of the 3rd! December:—“Controller Green received a box through the mail last-week, L and from the suspicious appear anee'of the package it was judged td'be an infernal machine. It was thoroughly soaked in water previous to examination, and was found to contain half a pound of gunpowder and eighteen metallic cartridges. l Fastened on tho bottom of the sliding lid was a piece of emery paper, and this rested on the heads of a number of lucifer matches.” We hear of no matches in connection with Mr Maxwell Reynolds’box, but ignition by fribtioa may have been provided for in that case just as in the New York one. “ Another of those remarkable cases that to verify the truth of the old saying that ‘ murder will out,’ came before the. Hobart Town Police-court on the 18th February,” says the Mercury, “ when Patrick Nolan was charged with the murder of John Wright, at Bird Island, on the 26th February, 1871. In bur issue of the 22nd ; ult. we gave - particulars 'of the finding of a skeleton at. Bird Island by the crew of the brig Wolverine, while digging in the sand in order to deposit their boats. The skeleton was sub sequently brought to Hobart Town in the brig, and placed in the hands of Superintendent Propstipg and District-cobstable M’Guiie, and every credit is due those officers for the able manner in which they' have furthered the ends of justice in bringing the case to its present stage. Tho evidence was of an entirely circumstantial nature. The skull, hair, and portions of the clothing and belt belonging to deceased were produced. The ’ first witness examined' was Mr Thomas Clark, who 1 was formerly in - the service of the Anglo-Australian Guano Company, and'was em ployed at Bird Island. In :Do'cember.'lß7_o,'Mr Chirk left tho island, taking with him all the men employed there, with tho exception of Patrick Nolan and John Wright. The latter was left in charge of the island, and Nolan was intended to bo his companion, and also to act in • the capacity of- ! 'cook';' Mr Clark re turned to Bird Island early in May 1871, and found Nolan alone.:, In answer tp his enquiries fornWright Nolan said that he had gone out on the. reefs in order to procure coral and shell, and he had not seen him since. The other evidence was principally as to the identity of the skull and the portions of dress found with the skeleton.:: The police-magistrate informed the prisoner that under any circumstances he would be committed for trial on the evidence already ad duced.” ' -,-i : J-'; ■ Mr, W. H. Barnard, logiatrar pro im..for ; tha School -of Mines,. acknowledges the reception of unsolicited .donations in aid of, the school of, £2 from the Clunus Borough' Council,' and £1 Is from Mr' W. Nixon, sharebroker. < : ■ . ---e The M. A. Afhif says—j“There;-wjU-rbe:'many who. will be pleased to learn that our old friend Mr J. C. . Rainer, so, well known, as a caterer .for amusements,, is making, a ‘ good, thing ’ of t his. Panorama of ' thq American War at tfie 'Diamond'Fielda at' tho Capo of Good Hope. It is travelling there under the control of his manager, Mr Harry Stanley, and the ‘ business’ is so good that his profits are, so far, at the' rate of £BOOO per annum.” ' • A correspondent writes from-Fiji to tho Aryns in reference to tho movements of the commissioners who have been recently.aent.by the,lmperial Government:' —“ The Pearl has - been to Ban, where the commis sioners interviewed .King Cakobau, and the. result was (most satisfactory ff oih f an annexationist View. IVhilst they were down there, Maafu, the viceroy, ar rived in Levuka, and at once proceeded after the man of-war, which he found at Ban. On 27th January the King and Maafu had an interview with the commis sioners, and that also was very satisfactory. A good deal of concern was felt by annexationists on Maafn’s account, - lest- he rmght.oppqse -the cession of Fiji to Britain, but these fears appear to‘have- been, or to be, groundless. Tui Cakau, the next chief in importance to the, two abo venamed, has openly • expressed himself la favor of annexation) While Bitova, the famous Macuata f* 3 favor, other chiefsiand geopihjiifß nidstly ih.fafor d£ the time the pros -ijeeta of Fiji- appcarl dupU brighter than they Have ever -yet duuo."v The Tiji TiidrA fepofes an iuopest, on the body of Mr; Brewer,, of Brewer afid-Jcsbej:- Suva,, Deceased was under arrest for some undis-* closed offehcej-:and the.itianner of his death showed -.sieos-qf PoiSdil by stfybhmde., A post mortem exaini natißnhad yetto'lidffldaei v -, The annual conference of the Bible Christian con nexion commenced its sittings on Thursday at 'The'several" circuits’of' the denomination irtre repfe-’ sented. In ;the the district sermon was pfea6hed* in : Fraser street Church by the Rev. J. E. 'Ke'rt.- ; The-sittings --will--be--oontinued,to-..Tuesday., next. Various 'services and: meetings -are announced to take place in-the meantime, : - - - ' A man named Joseph Smith was infested by Senior constable Moran on Friday afternoon, on a charge of having stolen a piJCC 9 f carpeting from the shop door of Mr Malcolm M'N'ee, draper, Mair street. ,he pn- j soner was lodged in the City watohhouse. The concert committee of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society asked Sir Charles Qavan D ufly -to deliver a lecture iti the Mechanics 1 Institute :op th6[ey|nitig r ß£ (?t. Patrick’s-dayin .aid; funds for presenting the raenibets df the' Hibernian bdhd with anew uniform, &c.; Owing to previous arrange ments and press of business, Sir Charles regretted being Unable to comply with the request; A woman named ktary Leonard,' daughter, of the 1 landlord .of the,Prince of Wales hotel at Gobblers, was' admiCted.intoithe Hospital on Friday? She was paralysed slightly on one side, and whilst crossing the yard at the hotel-named on Saturday last, she tripped and fell heavily to the ground. For' some days she was laid up, and it was thought that she had sprained one of her legs, but it turned out that the fall had fractured the bone; and on Friday she .was brought to the. Hospital. r • - 5 •’ •* 1 : -A Miss Resina Carandini’s farewell concert atthe Mecha nics’ Institute on Friday night was in every way a very pleasant success. The hall was filled, and parti cularly well in the best, seats, so that we presume the .pecuniary side df the business wiia Satisfactory. Of .the musical side we ihay say that it jras ri genuine treat all through. With .the valuable- aid of Miss ■.Ghristun,-ltra;W-Xittle,-.Mr.T.-,Eing, arid, Messrs, P. Cazaly? J. UfenV and S. Wrigiejf, the beneflciaire'Had with her so strong A a suppoit.thatthe concert was an agreeable feast - of sweet'sdiinds; * Miss' Carandini, who sings as well as ever she did; was warmly welcomed to the scene of many previous successes 'of herself and her gifted relatives; and Miss Christian’s melodious and well educated voice'was odd of the rare delights which the musical ear cannot fail to'appreciate. We cannot dwell in detail upon the things in the pro gramme, .every T i,tem of { w,hicji,was good;!and the at tractions, of Which/were supplemented* byi several addi tions given in response to fervent applause that was rightly interpreted to mean encores.. All the gentle men vocalists were in good voice, and we thought Mr djreu'had. improved; in- his articulation as wellas in stylAAJflr. .l£mg’sYcl3rr6rieb.tspio ? was from?- “ Res Huguenots,” and was equal to his established fame in connection with the instrument which he has so tho roughly mastered, for it was one of the best of his efforts in a 15iSa T whefe hechisJ.few: equals.'in Victoria. We must compliment Mrs'Little on her pianoforte accompaniments during the evening; they w.ere ele gantly subdued for the most part, and instead of 'drowning the : voices;-were a pleasantly , murmuring echo of the melodies whose beauty they enhanced. The following telegram from P.ort Darwin, dated Thursday, 26th Feb., has been forwarded by the editor of the Northern Territory is impossible to send reinforcements to Barrow’s Creek, as'the country is flooded. Proposals have .been made to form a com pany for trepang fishing'at Port Essington. •Mr Rey nolds complains j strongly | in. the . Press , that- the Qortfnment'refuse -to 'put" up 1 for sale certain wharf frontages wanted by him. The government boat jetty is being made,by t a few.laborers.atj-lOsperday. About a dozen men'belonging to’the'companies are suing for wages.” A Government Gazette extraordinary was issued on Thursday night, announcing that the Parliament of Victoria had been further prorogued until Tuesday, the 10th.day;qf:March,-nexL;rrx vr' The' latest reports from Bream Creek go to show (says ntheii .Advertiser,.); that: the.-river, is, uo.w : ..well. stocked with fine bream, and it has been suggested that an angling'match : should be arranged, r This,- it is thought, could be easily accomplished, as there are many 'expert anglersihVQeelobg l who" would'willingly subscribe sufficient for prizes valuable enough to at tract competition from Melbourne and Ballarat. " Referring to the sailing -of the R.M.S.S. Bangalore, the Argus says:—JiThis appearance of the Bangalore here for some time, as she goes right through, to, Southampton r ,by.,the {Suez CanaL ..From Southampton she* goes round to the Clyde td have ■new enginescon: the,.compound;,principle fitted,into her. It is also said that while at Dumbarton she will have a poop put. on her, so'as to give l more, cargo space. Captain Bnrne goes, with the Bangalore, and, it is but simple justice to give publicity to a generally : expressed- wrshHhat'both'.'comihahder ahdtvfessel may, at no distant date, be again placed on the Australian station. ‘Mr Rennie, chief engineer,remains behind to take charge of the Ellora, his position in the Ban galore being taken- 1 lip" by Mr-' Pitt; who leaves the Ellora to. go to .England. The purser,Mr P. Lever-, sage, 'whb 'Has 'long'been‘‘popular with passengers, also goes onjn the,Bangalore .to Southampton.” ~ The Age understands that a writ for £SOOO damages has been served upon Mr James Ford Born, by .Mr Jamieson, of the P. and S. Bank, Fitzroy, for slan derous expressions, alleged to have been used at the adjourned meetingofsharehqlders, on Wednesday, the, 17th February; ■■■ ■ • - i-.- The only feature of any interest (says the Argus) hr the betting on the V. R. C. Autumn Meeting was the sudden advance of Protos -for the Australian Cup. From being very little noticed in the betting, he was suddenly run up to i to 1, leaving off at 3 -tb’ T offered.- The' reason - for Protos coming to such short odds was the fact of a commis sion . being in the market to back the horse for the stable. The absence of ; Villiers among the list of ac ceptors caused a good deal of surprise, as the horse haS'been very fairly backed. ~lt is supposedithat , his non-acceptance is owing to some mistake. The entries appear in another column. The Mail reports that Daniel Horne fell down a cutting on the Maryborough line on broke his neck. The following members of the City C.C. are selected to play against, the first eleven of the B.C.C. on, the Eastern Oval to-day. Play to’ commence punctually at two p.m.:—Pamphilon, Cleverley, Coulsell, William son, Ditchburn, Walker, Cooper, Morey, Williams; -Goldsworthy, l -'Herman.' 1 Emergency— Uren, * Reid, Thompson. At St. Johh’s Presbyterian'Church', "Peel street, to morrow evening, the Rev. J. W. Inglis will preach on the death of the Rev. P. S. Menzies.—The Rev. Mr Websteriirill'preach tq-moprow morning: and eyeping in the Welsh Church', Armstrong' street. * 1 A meeting of subscribers to the Glover testimonial fund wilLtake place on Monday evening, , when., the presentation will be made. ‘- The:State-might school in Eureka street will rd-open on Monday next. - The autumn show of- the Geelong ’ andI’Western 1 ’Western District Agricultural Society will take place on Thurs day, 26 th March. Tickets for, the Dawson street Congregational Church excursion bn Tuesday can bo obtained to-night. 