YORK, March 7. We are anxiously looking out for a change in the weather, whidi, if our baro meters speak truth, is coming. What with bush-fires iu all directions and ' brick uv.u*.. ciuu.iij m luus, uiLy .iiici uay lur lira past three weeks, ithaKbecoiueinorcandmore unbearably warm....' Labur, labor, Lbor !' is stil! tbe eiy. Hot on'/ are farming hands r quired, but general knock-about men, of who n, though bad at tbe bisl, we bad any number at any one time; but they have all disappeared ; — and it it- said that these ioalers nud it moiv uouguuial to their health U- go into Mount Eliza depot, or ' drou,' aud eo inside, in other words to commit crime aud get back to Fremautle Pdson. Tiiisi*a pretty state of tbiu^s; and will our Legislative Cimnci! come to our rescue nest sussiuu and devise means lor introducing -uud agricultural lai.nr into the colouy ? Speaking of our legislators remind* me that I hear one of our oldest aud most respected, ii uut tbe most palitically-lionest settlers, is to be asked by the Williams- Murray electors tu be tiieir member in the Leguslatiro Council. I believe Mr. Taylor confuted to contest our last election bf re, but «i- hilreiv in consequence of a prcssuie oi private business at the time; but he was, is, and always has Veen very popular with tbe electors, aud I have no doubt lie would make a very good member fur any district in tbe colony, lie knows the coIodv and its re quirements thoroughly; neither lias lie travelled beyond it with bis eyes closed. His knowledge of practical agriculture and pastoral pursuits and his large interest at stake, it may be said in tbe midst of those who are about to ask him to step to the frout, are, apart from bis own liberal views, qualifications which eiuineully fit him for the honourable position; and if the electors down soulh should succeed in securing Mr, Taylor to represent them, they may fairly be congratulated upon tiieir choice and good fortune ? A public meeting is to be held nest Wednesday, (or tbe pur pose of memorialising (lie Government to cou'iuue our convict depot Complaints about tbe condition of our roads are loud enough already. What we are to do when all the prisou labor L- withdrawn, I know not. 