IH-RSE-IKEPING FOR HARD WORK. One of the most remarkable instances of how people run in one gronve, generation after generation, is the universality of the useofoats and beans as food for horses. It is almost as much the effects of old lhabits and prijudicen as the system of periodically physicking, which is so common ; or, perhaps the latter is al most a necessity of the former. In some parts of the north oatmeal is extensively 'iled in pig-feeding, and forms still a staple food with many of our Scotch neighbours; but gener ally speaking, throughout the kingdom 6ats and beans ,sueget a horsey taste; whereas half a dozn other kinds of suitable food :re never thought of for horee-keeping purposes. One of the most valtIab'e, and generally one of the cheapest foond, in Indian corn. Some years ago, when we had to do with' horse keeningr we used two lags of maize to one bag of beans with good 'results, and found nothing kept them in better condition for hard work and general health. We should men tion that the corn was always spiced-2 lbs. of spice to each ba g; but some of o'ir friends will perbaps think it better unspiced. From the evidence of the manager of the London Omnibus Company given before the select com mittee on horses, we learn that the company feed their horses on critshed maize and chopped hay, and have done so for six years or more, using about 17 Ibs. of corn and 11 Ibs. or -19 Ibt. of chaff per day for nePo horse. ' We pre. fer a mixture of maize and bran as above and think an eqnol quantity of corn and .chaff total, from 25 Ibh. to 80 lb,. per day-will be generally enough. 'Ihe preparation of the food, as swell as the component parts, is a matter of importance, for the more easy it is made for the animals to properly dispose ofit, tlo greateri the economv of food; and thius a horse will do ihitter on 15 Ito.. of well crushed ints tihan he will- on 11 or 12 Ih,. tint crished. VWe think aolo, a fiurtiier madnviaote is t ai ."el by any proc ad tl~ii t:stif'eis the food ad.d re storese in abinme tntieiire, ':the m;noisture takeno from:the htly-i:i'tln "?innchairy 'proces of dry-'' ingor, inmaki.:ng or preidervnntini; lTlhii ita ? n? point inn whIo chitii ny if,n tit, -'uricultirl rnid' li traoe e riie p t' il i vill diff tolfltoi tii, bit it i _e tint ftll iv tiot owr e.'.wrono a It to i:v ves.labo tdr aid.prnper ttinein ;'' hint'me shall lie gIn?l if any itt ' Ia illI jrie to is thatt barse? will 'nribll litter fll ilie ian ter they Itake doily win l bai'bt?5rdl into fotd, in soakin?g, steaming, or softening -the hardi dry sub. stances, and. prepiriitig them fir easy mastica tion, instead of hleinggineoi fiomr the pail.- Siulpson ' ".COtitle Breeder and Feeder. -, IMPUDeNT' RonenaY..- Brieily-hill, ra smnll' village on the ouiekirts of the black country, has recently beeni the scene of a rob bery which for its impudence and ingenuity wotild do credit to the most accomplished of Wbitechnapel thieves. A lad entered the shop of a provision-dealer in the place and pur chased a penny roll. Having done so, he be soughilt the storekeeper (who was alone in the premises) to stuff it down for him behind his " smock," alleging that he wanted to hide it from his mate who was loitering outside and who would be sure to take it from him if he saw it in his possession. The complainant tradesman did as requiested with reiterated and urgent requests from the lad to stuff it down as far as he could that it might not be seen. While the roll was being stowed away in this anomalous hiding place the purchaser mannaged to steal the trudesmnan'' watch. A minlte or two after the former had left another lad entered and said, "do you know what that chap bas just done? HIe's prigged your watch." The shopkeeper looked in horror,-lhis watch-chain was dangling, the watch gone. "There he goes," said the last coiner, pointing to a figure just disappearing round a corner. Off started the shopkeeper in pursuit, leaving the shop unguarded. When lie reached the corner the presumed thief was out of sight. By the time that he reufrned from the fruitless chobse his kindly informant had also disappeared, and the till wea emptied to its last copper. No trace of either thief has as yet been disoovered. How TReI SERVE UNREGISTERED Dons IN SAN FUnAtCIaco.-I'Le dog-pound is an institution of the city of San Francisco, and is always a scene of bustle and excitement. The pnondkeeper does not take a hand in capturing dogs. He has three hired men, who traverse the city every day and night with a borse and -waggon. They are con stantly attended by a police-officer, whose business it is to see that the men do not ex ceed their authority, and that they are not in terfered with. 'The method at catching the animals is by a lasso, with which the men are expert. Two of the men, armed with this contrivance, ride on horseback. Every dog found in the streets or on public squares with. out the proper tag on is pursued, and in nine cases out of ten, before he is aware of his danger, the rope is tight around his body; he is seized, thrown into the waggon, and carted off for destruction. When the waggon-load of dogs arrives at the pound, they are lodged in the dog-house, and a collar, to which a chain is attached, is placed around the neck of each. They are not turned out loose in a yard, sur rounded by a high enclosure, as many imagine. Such a practice would occasion constant fight ing, besides making it troublesome, and a waste of tinme to single out each animal re deemed, and to catch the whole lot whenever they were to be destroyed. The house is a plain wooden one, fifty feet long by twenty wide, and contains seventy-two stalls, arranged around the sides and centre of the r tom, just like the stalls in a livery stable. A trough of water runs along the front of each row of the stalls, and the dogs are allowed just enough chain to permit of reaching the water. 'he captured dogs are kept for two days before they are destroyed, in order that they may be claimed. Each dog has hts rations allowed. At the end of the forty-eight hours' grace, tt:e fine dogs are picked out, and the cars drowned in a cage forty at a time. The bodies are removed free of charge, by a man who disposes of them to a factory in South San Francisco, which utilises their skins and bodies. The formor are ,ued for kid.glovea. During the year 1873, 3036 dogs were im pounded. Of these 100 were redeemed. The dog.tax yielded 6536 dollars. The canine population of the city is estimated at 6000. PUBLICATIONS RItCEIVED.-We have to acknowledge rece pt of a pamphlet descriptive of Symes' Patent Gas Apparatus, a machine by which it is alleged gas for both cooking and illuminating purposes can be made at a cost of less than a third of that charged by the companies in towns where gas it laid on. It is also stated to hbe in eovery way suitable for use in private families, being simple in construction nod not easily put out of order. r'he materials from which the gas may be generated are coal, lignite, shale, wool, leather, bones, &o.; These machines are manufactured of different size.s, according to the requirements of the building for which they are intended. A machine to sunnly twenty burners costs, in Melbourne, £65; one to supply thirty-five burners costs £95, while a machine for seventy burners costs £195. The machine consists of a retort, in which is burnt the material employed for the generation of the nas, and from its construc tion 'can easily be fitted to an drdinary cohk. ink range. The retort is connected by a pipe to a hydraulic main. This main is partly filled with water, below the surface of which the pipe from the retort extends. In the main a safety-valve is provided, which at a certain pressure opens, permitting the gas to escape into a pipe prepared to receive it. When the valea is closed, the gas passes into the water, and flows out of the main by a pipe at the top into the condenser. Leaving the condenser, it is received in a purifying vessel, in which are sieves containing lime, and other sieves, containing snew.dust or sand. The gas, passing 'through these is deprived of its sulpbhr, and then flows into the gasholder-a cylindrical vesseal made of sheet.iron. This also is partly filled with water, into which descends a kind of dome that rises or falls as the quantity of gias contained is greater or less. From esperi ments'made, it appears that gas made by this machine is of asuperior brilliancy to that sup plied by the ordinary gas companies. SDESTRUOTcIVE lBot-FIREs IN VIOTORIA. On Friday last (the Portland Guardian re ports) about eleven a.m., a fire broke out on Mr. Francis oenty's Merino Down estate, and we learn that nearly half the grass on the run is consimeil, ivith 600 sheen, and thatt iOvwas o:I. by the hel-t of g Iad fi rtune that flock or fllcks of 7000 .hesp ware got over the a.erino C-eek in time to save them from total,destruition, aind that tih exertions mtidlA; to save the sheep bhadl the effect of knocking up no lees .than Aix horses and probably as many men:' Wit thle gras aind .slinpl lestiryed ae learn' ota'd a ig'reat length F cilons-fencing is btirned; ard. the I0y .up!on the whilenwill b!:viryigreat;. - Butiwe'regret to learn that Mr. H?ntv is not .tile only sufferer by this disa'itros fire. The Germuan fariners, selectors on nhe run, and others have bad their crops destroyed, but by great exertions .iheii hotnes' w?ie .preserved. 'PTo fire' tonitinud tlhe ii ole of ;Fridi iy:and was only ishlly extinguishied at half- past six s.m. on Saturday, and there 'were more than fifty men ati work beating down the flames. The .beat at about eleven o'clock till two or three ii the afternoon of Friday was so intense that all labour in the fields, such as sheaving or binding, had to be suspended, and those having great experience state that Friday, and January, in the current year, showed greater heat than any day in the last yoear, or for some preceding years. We also learn from the gentleman who supplied the news of the Merino fire, that a carrier called Foster had his dray laden with wool consumed near Digby; but it is by no means certain in this case how the fire originated. The report is that Foster camped at the one-mile water hole, was searching for his bullocks when the wool ignited, and when he returned both the wool and the wood-work of his dray were consumed, and all that remained was the'iron. The wool, we learn, was consigned to Meussrs. Croaker, Scott, and Co., Portland, but our informant was unable to say to whom the wool belonged originally. What adds to the strangeness of the wool and dray catastrophe is that no bush-fire was in the direciion of Foster's, and unless the theory of spontaneous combustion will account for the destruction of the dray and wool, there is no apparent present explanation. SraurLan RonaBBER Y A PAGE.-The counity magistrates of the home division, sitting in petty sessions at Oantorbury, con eluded an inquiry into a remarkable robbery, committed by a boy named George Henry Lippingwell, who was in the service, as page, of the R1ev. P. B. Collings, vicar of Sturry, near Canterbury. The following facts were deposed to :-On Sunday, the 2nd inst., the vicar, his family, and some female domestics, quitted the house for afternoon service in the parish church, about half a mile distant, leaving Lippingwell in sole charge. On their return the servants found the page lying on the hearth in front of the kitchen fire apparently insensible. A silver teapot be longing to the house, very much battered in on one side, was upon the floor, and the apron worn by the lad had many spots of blood upon it. Attempts to arouse the boy having proved ineffectual, Mr. Collings was apprised of the state of things, and believing that his house had been robbed, and his servant injured, instituted a search. It was found that a sideboard in the drawing-room had been broken open, and the silver teapot and the contents of the wine decanter ab stracted. Four money-boxes kept for mis sionary and other charitable objects had each been removed from their accustomed places, broken open, and their holdings likewise taken away. Upstairs a scene of almost indescribable confusion prevailed. The contents of a jewel-case, drawers, and wardrobes were scattered upon the floors, affording evidence that the object was plunder. Meanwhile the boy had been aroused, and in answer to questions stated that during the afternoon a tramping man called for a mendicity society ticket, which he gave him, and he took his departure. Shortly afterwards, however, he -returned, thrust himself into the house. and struck him (Lippingwell) senseless by a blow from the silver teapot. The local constable was called in, to whom the youth repeated his story, and both journeyed to Canterbury in search of a man whom he described as having been guilty of the robbery and outrage. They, however, did not succeed in meeting with any one whom the page would recognise, although it is understood that the Canterbury city police apprehended a man the same night answering the description. On the following day the superintendent of the division (Mr. Walker), paid a visit to the vicarage, and made certain inquiries and an investigation, which led him to direct the apprehension of the page. The super intendent found that the indentation in the teapot was such as could not reasonably have been produced by coming in contact with a person's face ; and, moreover, that the money boxes had been opened by great force, as though from repeated kicks. Indentations of the heel of a very small boot appeared upon them, which were found to correspond exactly with the size of boots worn by the prisoner. Shortly after the boy was locked up he asked to see his master, to whom he admitted the whole of his statement was a fabrication; that he committed the robbery, and in order to attribute it to a stranger made his nose bleed, battered in the teapot, and feigned insensibility. The contents of the money- boxes were found concealed in a place he described. To perfect, if possible, the artful proceeding, the boy had actually taken a mendicity ticket from its repository, tore it into pieces, and threw them outside the door of his master's house. The magistrates sentenced the prisoner to six months' impri sonment with hard labour, and regretted that his age (just over 16 years) prevented them ordering him to undergo a sound thrashing. A NOVEL CoMPAcY.-Under the title of the Tichborne Grand National Historical Picture Company (Limited), a new joint stock company has just been registered, with a capital of £20,000, ins 400,000 shares of ts. each. The declared object of the pro moters of this association, including Mr. Whalley, M.P., is to cause to be painted by some eminent artist, on a very large scale, a picture of the court of Queen's bench as it appears now every day, which shall embrace of course portraits of all the most prominent personages connected with this marvellous case, and by engraving or photography to multiply copies of the original for sale; and further, with a view to render the painting and copies of it permanently valuable (as the promoters express it), power is taken to de vote a portion of the company's funds to the purpose of the present trial, by taking steps to prevent its coming to a premature end before all the persons whose evidence is of essential importance shall have appeared be fore the court. AN ARCHDEACON IN TROUBLE.-The princi pal case at the Goelong county court on Tuesday, 3rd instant, which was heard before his Honor Judge Skinner and a jury of four, was that of Clanchy v. Slattery, in which the defendant sought to recover £250 damages from the Venerable Archdeacon Slattery, for assaulting him at and forcibly ejecting him from a meeting of the Geelong and Western District St. Patrick's Society, on the 2nd December. The court was crowded to excess by members of the Roman Catholic church. Dr. DAbsou appeared for plaintiff; and Mr. Molesworth for the defendant. Michael Clauchy stated that he had become a member of the society referred to at its formatio t in 1868, his annual pay ment to the funds of which amounted to £2 12s. The meeting cdlled on the 2nd December was principally for the nomination of officers, and there were between thirty and forty members present. Plaintiff saw the archdeacon come in just as the chairman, Vice-president Ryan, was giving his ruling about members voting. Plaintiff objected to the ruling, and the chairman overruled his objection. Plaintiff was referring to a ruling previously given by a president on a similar question, when the defendant got up, and told him in a violent manner to sit down, and not browbeat the chairman. Plaintiff then, after hesitating a little, took up his hat to leave the room, when the arch deacon said he hoped he would not see him there again, as he only came to breed a disturbance. The plaintiff thei turned back to sit down, when the defendant took him by the arm, and told him he had been a common disturber for the past two years. Plaintiff said he would not leave the room, when the defendant forced him down four or five paces, and plaintiff endeavoured to stay in the room without using any active resistance. The archdeacon said, "you must leave; don't provoke me to harsher means." This took place in the presence of all assembled, and the plaintiff has since resigned his position in consequence thereof. He also communicated with his solicitor, who wrote asking for an apology. The plaintiff was cross-examined at considerable length. The judge summed up in favour of the plaintiff, stating that no matter what the plaintiff's conduct was, no one but the chair. man had a right to call him to order. The jury retired for half-an-hour, when they gave a verdict for the plaintiff for £10, with costs £8 8s. The verdict was received quietly inside the court, but outside there was considerable excitement, Clanchy being hooted by some as he left the court. The jury was composed of two members of the Presbyterian body, one Church of England, and one of the Jewish persuasion.-Auetrala. sian. A CITY ON TIIE LEFT-HAND ROAD.-At a religious gathering in Chicago a few days since one of the speakers was the venerable Dr. Goodall. Broken in mind and body, but animated by the occasion, the aged clergyman said: "Friends, I am far upon my journey towards the Celestial City; but I could not help stopping on my way to attend this meeting in Chicago." Here a voice from the multitude was heard by all: " Chicago is not on that road." The effect was electrical, especially upon the poor old gentleman, who was so confused that he could say no more, and was obliged to sit down. We (A.ustralaian) are accustomed to con sider that as residents under English laws we posrses full guarantees for our political rights and liberties, and pro-eminently amongst them the libel ty of the press and the right of free discunsion. But it is not so long ago since a New South Wales judge brought the admin istration of the law into contempt by a wan tonly unjust and despotic seatence on Mr. Lorando Jones on a foolish charre of blas phemy, and now a case has occurred in Queens Iand, which, had it taken place in Rutsia or in France under a reactionary government, we should have looked upon as a proof of the excessively arbitrary character of the govern ment and the abject servility of the people. The affair we allude to took place at Mount Perry. A solicitor's clerk laid an information against the proprietors of the Mount Alexan der Mail, alleging that the paper was not daly registered. Upon this, according to the Brisbane Courier, " the police magistrate im mediately sent all the available police to take possession of the office and prevent the further. publication of the paper. Next day the offien was demolished by the police, who carried away everything." It is added that nothi.ng of a blasphemous or seditious nature had appeared in the journal to war rant these proceedings, if, indeed, they could have been warranted by anything of the kind. We have not the full particulars of the affair, or we should probably see in it an exhition of official vindictiveness, resenting in a most dis creditable way some previous stricrures of tihe journal in question. The most serious part of the matter is that, however improper may he this exercise of the law, the action of the offi cials appears to be legal according to the. law as it stands. The Courier explains that the laws regarding the press are based on an old despotic act of the colony of New South Wale-, passed in the reign of George IV. Those who are aware of the nature of the regime then in force will not be surprised at finding the law investing the officers of the govern ment with an almost autocratic power. . Ac cordingly we see that the absence of registra tion is visited by a penalty of £100, and it is provided that on information made it shall be lawful for any justice to send the police to the premises to take away the plant and type. It is evident that by this monstrous provision the publication of any paper in the colony might at any muoment, upon the statement of a single informer, ie suspended, and great loss and inconvenience occasioned to its pro prietors. As another sample of the.nhture of this barbarous law, it may he mentioned that it is, under it, a seditious libel to publish any thing " tending to bring into hatred or con tempt the colony of New South Wales as by law established, or to excite Her Majesty's subjects to attempt the alteration of any mat ters in church or state as by law established." Thus the publication of an article advocating electoral reform or abolition of state aid to re ligion would render the publisher subject to criminal pains and penalties, and his paper and plant to confiscation. The inconvenience of these obsolete and disused laws is that some time or other, eithler by iigoted fatuity,:as in the case of Lorando Jonse, or by personal malignity, as appears to be at work in the present case, the forgotten law is revived and applied in some very unjust and tyrranioal manner. During the shunting of a train of laden waggons which had come down from the collieries to West Hartlepool for shipment, a singular accident occurred. A pair. of switches leading to the new loading-jetty of the coal-dock were left open by some mistake, and a laden train of thirty waggons, being pushed along by an engine, was thus diverted on to the siding, and coming into contact with several other empty ones, eight of the latter were hurled into the tidal basin. It was fortunately low-water at the time, so that no shipping was in the way, hence the injury was confined to the rolling-stock, no harm having been done to the permanent way. The broken waggons were lifted by means of cranes during the course of the day. A melancholy and sad occurrence has taken place at Leven, Fifeshire. Mr. and Mrs. Carstairsof Govan, a young and newly married couple, who were on a visit to the gentleman's brother at his residence in Levan, were, after repeated calls at their bedroom door, discovered lying on the floor, the husband quite dead and the wife in sensible. Both had returned the night pre vious quite well. Hopes are ent,,rtained of the wife's recovery. Many conjeclures are afloat as to the cause of the mysterious affair. At two o'clock the other morning, a police man on duty at Ohester noticed a light in the commercial room of the Grosvenor Hotel, and looking through a hole in the shutters saw Mr. Forster, the manager of the hotel, and two other gentlemen playing at a game known as sudden death. He called another constable, and they watchod the game for some time. Yesterday Mr. Forster was summoned before the magis trates for gaming, and, though it was alleged for. the defence that what the constable saw wae merely an attempt to imitate some of Horr Dohler's sleight-of hand tricks, he was fined £10 and costs. A lunatic writes to ask whether, when a door is not a door, but a-jar, the door-jam is kept in the said jar. "Mr. Brown, I owe you a grudge, re member that." "I shall not be frightened then; I never knew you pay anything that you owed." 