BUNGENDORE. (Froma our correspondent.) TorE LAre ELecrON.-Exactly at nine o'clock on last Wednesday Mr. J. B. Burke, returning-officer, eccompanied by the eorutineers for Mesere. Wright and Foroter, and poll-clerk, took up their respeotive positions at the court-house; and for two or three hours were kept busily engaged. From then until the close of the poll only an odd one came now and again. When the pull closed there must have been about one hundred and twenty persons in front of the court-house waiting to bear the result I and at half-palt lour the poll-clerk, Mr. Ford, gave the numbers polled, showing a mujority of thirty.lour in favour of Forster, which was received with hearty cheers by the Forteorians. During the day several bets were made, and, if anything, Forster was the favourite ; and that gontleman'e supporters were in great hopes that he would be returne. ; but when news reached Bungendore that in Quoenbeyan alone Wright had a maj.rity of one hundred and eighteen, the tables were turned, as it was expected to have been a closer contest. Exactly at eleveu'p.m. the news arrived that Wright had been returned by a majority of one hundred and one. During the day there were a great number of fights; but the police soon interfered and put a stop to their little game, and the only damage we hear of being done was to a noisy old man, who got his lower lip split in a general fight, and had to get a lfew stitohes put in. There were a good number of old residents who came to vote, but found that their names were not on the electoral roll, and it must be gross negligence on the part of the police who took it last your; and taken altogether it was about as bud as could be done, both in regard to leaving out names of old residents, wrongly spelled sur names, and wrong Ohriotion names. Wbt have no doubt but the police we have stationed here now, will do it correootly, as since their arrival we notice a' groat improvement in many things. In reading Mr. O'Neill's speech after the declaration of the poll at Quaunbhyuo, we find he desires trying to induce any person to vote for Mr. Forator. How will he reoon cile that etatement with a circular he sent from Queenbeyan by one of his supporters to show his Oatholio frionde at Bungendore the eubstence of whioh wans is follows :--" find I have no nhtano of being returned; vote for Foreter, and keep Wright out." It is evident from that there te something rotten in the etiat of Denmark. Bush.Fires.-Very heavy fires have been raging for the lest week in the direction of hlolonglo, and in one place a large cropof hay was just drawn off when the fl mes reached the paddock, and it was with difficulty the last load of hay was saved from the devouring fury of the foames. The homestead was also in great danger. No signe of any hobange in the weather. The days are very hot and the hills covered with smoke. 28th Decemboer. 