Pastoral The hews from the pastoral districts continues of. a cheer ful character, and hopes ere entertained tkat the eumiher will pass away without stock having been eubjeeted to such privations as the drought of former years occasioned, On the Murrumbidgee and in the north-west the weather waB fine during last week. Water is plentiful, and there is abundance of feed ; the old grass is dry, but the late rains have brought up the young herbage, which will soon afford better sustenance. All kinds of stock are reported to be in excellent condition. In the country liable to- inunda tion from the Talbragar River great obsos of sheep and fencing have been sustained. At present, however, the waters having receded, there is a prospect of fine pasturage on the lands recently flooded. It is reported from Wagga by the Express of Saturday that the weather has been unaltered during the past week. The heat iB still very great, and although upon one o itw o occasions there have been indications of a change, no rai n has fallen. Bush-fires have been prevalent, but if we ex cept one at Mangoplah (Mr. John Cox's) by which some fencing was destroyed, they have been unattended with dis astrous results. Feed is plentiful, but dry, and water is still abundant. Down the river the rains have effected & most beneficial change. The grass is springing beautifully, and stock are in capital order. This fine change has been experienced as far down as Eastern. Hot and dry weather has again set in on the plains. Heavy rains have continued intermittently over most parts of 'Western Queensland. The weather upon the Darling continues unsettled. Rain throughout the district has been general, and the most favourable indications of the season are everywhere observable. ^ The news from Dubbo by the Dispatch of the 6th iB to the effect that since last report the weather has been fine. The days have been warm, and the nights very agreeable. The country looks magnificent. Grass and water are everywhere around Dubbo plentiful, and stock are in excel lent condition. There are no fears now expressed about the season. Instead of droughts, people are now talking of floods. Considerable damage has been done throughout the Castleroagh and Talbragar district by the flood waters, and in addition to the losses which were mentioned in onr last, many more have 6ince been chronicled. We believe that the country for miles around along the course of the Talbragar, near Cobbora, was one sea of water ; and the destruction done was something pitiable to behold. It is said that in some places a great number of sheep have been drowned. Since the subsidence of the waters the localities which were submerged look first-rate. The grass is growing luxuriantly, and, except for the slippery nature of the ground, and the debris here and there cast around, one would, hardly believe that one of the highest floods ever known in the district had just passed over. Our Mundooran correspondent says that one of the greatest floods that ever visited the district passed over there on the 26th ultimo. The waters commenced to rise on the 24th, and continued to come up until the 26th, One person lost 700 sheep, tbe general devastation has been something frightful. On the Bogan, though there has been no floods, the river has been high and running strongly. The country around looks well, the recent rains have caused a wonderful spring in the grass, and now feed, which a few weeks back was very scarce and yellow looking, appears plentiful and in - vitibg. On the Macquarie, the state of things existing i very cheering. Sheep and cattle are in first-rate health ana condition. Grass and water are abundant, fling summer and winter can now be passed through safely. All fears of a drought — with its concomitants of sheep travelling, cattle dying, &c.; — are happily dispelled. There has been a good fresh in the river, but no flood. About Dnck Creek eveiy station is well supplied with feed and water. Stock are in fine order, and a clean bill of health is the order iof the day. On the Darling, matters could not possibly ba better. Plenty of feed and water; stock in fine condition. From Hay it is reported by the Riverine Grazier of the 4th that the weather has been warm and close. Yesterday morning bush fires were observed some distance below Hay, but no news of the precise locality has reached us. Considerable quantities of wool keep pouring into Hay, so the present rise in the river is opportune. We hear of a great rise in the River Darling, and settlers there expect another such flood as that of 1864. From Deniliquin it is reported by the Pastoral Tunes of Saturday that the late heavy rains, whieh extended so far into the northern districts of New South Wales and southern parts of Queensland, have roused the drooping spirits of the station owners there, and largo numbers of stock, cattle and sheep, are moving to the metro Eolitan markets. About five inches of rain is reported to ave fallen at Bourke in twentv-fonr hours, deluging' the town and district, filling waterholes, tanks, &c.;, that had become dry, and stock begun to -look poor and depressed from want of the necessary moisture to sustain them. The threatened drought seems to have lost its terrors at Bourke. We do not wish to create any unnecessary alarm, but we remark that droughts or dry seasons arc generally preceded by a dry winter, and to the next winter we look with some anxiety for a solution of the problem. 