THE FORESTS AND THE MINERS: THE Lands Department is at present embarrassed by a two-fold trouble, which Mr. Casey appears at a loss to set to rights. The, forest-lands in the neighbourhood of the gold-fields have been to a large extent, and still are being, wholly denuded of growing timber. The destruction of trees has been so great that there is the utmost danger of the forests being altogether obliterated. Regulations have been issued from time to time by the Department, with the view of arresting, or, at all events, of lessening, the destruction of timber that is going on ; but these regulations seem to, have failed of producing the desired effect. It could hardly have been otherwise ; for the licenses to cut timber issued to saw-mill ownere, : splitters, and others, have permitted these persons to pursue the work of timber-getting without being subjected to any Restrictions whatever as to their mode of proceeding. They have, consequently, adopted a most wasteful method of supplying their wants. They everywhere cut down the best trees they can meet with, .and use only tbe choice parts for their requirements. They leave the tops and the branches scattered all over the ground, and these, when they become withered by the summer's heat, supply fuel to the frequently- occurring bush-tires which devastate the forests. These fires not only consume the trees which are still left standing, but they also destroy the young saplings, which, if preserved, would in the course of a few years replace the trees which had been cut down, and would thus restore the forests to their original wooded condition. Even where fires do not take place, the ground being littered with the refuse, branches and brushwood, the young saplings are choked in their growth, and all restitution of the forest is clothing. thus put a stop to as completely as if a bush-fire had [passed over the locality.. If more .stringent regulations were adopted, the timber-getters who supply the miners iwith props and slabs.for mining shafts and driVes would find their operations so circumscribed that : they, icouid , oot y aid* quately meet the wants of -. th? itniBera. ilt is felt .»«.-. flU hands; result. 3Jbe -iftimng '.industry « far too important jtp admit of . its -being W ^Js arrangement; whi$h would/render the supply, of -timber. fc injiiing purposes either Bo scarce.or fip de^r. «|»< to impede mining prqgress. jlh^ problem fpr solution', therefore, jjs how^to give.free scope for the,supply of,,timber to the mines, and at ,the same time to prevent, the reckless waste which- at present characterises the operations of sawyers and splitterg. These , people, it is^seen, cannot , he trusted to use economically and carefully ; .the privileges which are conceded to them by the Government. What is required to be brought about is.[that they should not commit unnece^sary havoc in the forest when supplying .themselves with timber, that they should not cut down two ^r more trees where one would suffice, that they should clear ihe ground .-pf all deqaying branches and brushwood, that they should carefully preserve the young saplings, and that they should replant the denuded ground with young trees or seed. But the ifficulty is to get the sawyers and splitters to adopt such a system of conservation as this is. No regulations which may be issued by the Government can effect this object, because there are no special officers charged with the duty of compelling. the foresters to carry out such a system. • It would require a numerous body of bailiffs or , forest-rangers to be always on the spot and compel, under ,severe penalties, the woodmen to abstain from all. reckless waste ?of the timber, and. to renovate each locality with young plantations. Mr. Casey has recently made a personal inspection of the Bullarook Forest and some other proclaimed timber reserves ; and he has found the progress of destruction everywhere to;b€ something frightful. Within the limits of the proclaimed reserves he has found areas of several miles in extent without a tree or a sapling left standing. In some places he found the forest on fire, and the conflagration extending far and wide in every direction amongst some of the best remaining portions of the reserves. He h»s thus convinced himself that something decisive must be done, and, with as little delay as possible, to arrest further ravages, and to renovate the forest where at has become utterly bare of trees. Some time ago he appears to have thought that giving up the control and management of the timber reserves .to to local boards would suffice to insure a more economical use of the timber, and also the establishment of a system of replanting. But there; is nothing to show that this expectation has been realised. The old practices of reckless waste have not been put a stop to, nor have any young plantations been established; Under the circumstances here described, it is not to be wondered, at that the Minister of Lands should bethink himself of introducing new arrangements for the better management of the forests. But from what we learn of the nature of the proposed new arrangements, it is very doubtful if they will produce any marked lmpfovemerit on the existing state, of things. The intention of the Minister is stated to be to issue licenses only for certain limited areas of the forests. Each licensee could then cut down trees only within his own specified licensed area. A condition of the license, it is understood, would be that the licensee should conserve the young trees, should make new plantations, aiid should be responsible for the prevention of fires within his area. But Here again we are met with the necessity of having established a numerous corpt of forest-dangers who would enforce the strict performance of the conditions 'of the license in every case; and the expense of maintaining such a corps . would probably.'^ be such as to deter Mr. Casey from its formation. Besides, if this pew f&rangepient; were ^lgoroqsly carried out; its itnmediate effff?^ ^wpjild he to cause the liceiiSaes^to lessen very niuch the supply of t|?nber for the use f^^^ ri&VJ; mat scarce and' dear? It wouldlbfe un-i doubedlyto put a stop to riaariy: Of thosesp&sulativ;^ ventures called*' progressive mints,'' Where no gold hflfe yet b6en obtained^ and where the miners'work ; is sariied on foiriyears at a large outlay'of cA^ital in the expectation' that ; ultithately they will i strike -gold and repay themselves for years Of unremitting toil, expense, and patient though sanguine hope of success at last. There are many mining claims which now : , after years of enterprising labour and expenditurp, are yielding large returns of gold. But it is very dtiubtful if these undertakings would have been persevered in if the Cofet :) of'that primaiy mining requisite—ati Abundant: supply 6f' titrtber, were excessive. Tn all thosa enterprises ecotiomy in working the mine is a ; main element of future success; and this economy is ensured, first by letting.out the work ontribute, thereby reducing the cost of labour, and next by having the materials for timbering the shafts and drives furnished, as is now the case, at a very moderate expense. This state of things would be deranged if slabs, props, cap-pieces, timber-lengths for tramways, and firewood were suddenly to become scarce -; and dear; instead of cheap and plentiful as at present. We are inclined to think, therefore, that the plan of a limi • ted licensed area for timber-getters will scarcely be found to answer. We are rather disposed to concur in the view that has been put forward in more than one quarter, that the remedy for existing difficulties will be best found in the Government taking the entire management of the forests directly into its own hands. By means of a body of forest- rangers all waste could be prevented ; the ground, as fast as it became bare of trees, could be replanted, and the supply of timber could be just as abundant and as cheap as at present. Timber-getters or mining companies would apply direct to the chief ranger for the supplies they required; they would have to cut and remove the timber themselves under the raDger's supervision, and the supply could be earned on as at present, with the exception of the existing reckless waste and uncontrolled liberty of action of the licensees. The profits on the sale of the timber would more than pay the salaries or wages of the rangers. This is the system which has been found to work so well in conserving the forests of Germany. It is, if we mistake not, the system which prevails in India, and, if adopted here, we have no doubt it would save the forests from destruction, and would admit of as large and cheap a supply of timber for the miners as at present. 