THE SKETCHER. -tiroras OF A VI8IT TO OIPPS / • LAHD> / i No. I. The probability that in the course of two or thjee years Sale, the chief township of Gipps Land, will be connected with Melbourne by; a railway, of light and inexpen sive bat strong construction, has had thp effect of drawing attention to this district, which at present is one of the mpst difficult of access and least known to —^ders of any large section of the'country, line will, no doabt, make Gipps Land a nrite summer resort for Melbournites, as it Will bring the Lakes within p day's journey of( Melbourne, ,and it is to speak of the country from an excursionist's point of view rather thanfrom a buiness standpoint that tins sketch is intended. Afew day-1 * -*-J - enatfted tbewriler to pay ffiapldtti Port Albert, the Lakes, and Stockyard Creek iags, and itis proposedhere to ijffe the ier who may wishtopayniike viatfsome , of the country, the different routes, tbekind of accommodation to be hsd,. d for the sportsman a. description. the game he is likely to meet. ie route adopted was by sea from Mel urne to .Port Albert and thence by epoch j Sale, BO miles; but if a dayortwouoot an o|ject,apd8easicknass is not feared, it it] more comfortable to go on from Port Albert up the Ninety-rnile beach by—^ -—" totheLakefe/anddownthe, dkleorSale. Tfee ~ n rtabtefofrOIlttu » eltoumc to GmC _ H eAVon,a smaller 1 T le two exchange <h rning to Melboui It bw^iw' , tl ePort, Sale, the '«Ld. |he rAyon going, AS ie of the two miniature Albert, ocas it i "aliopUesalit -fheTam 'to- Addfroin „ ■JO eelc. Thus the Tpyager^ on a£owleaat 0 e Fort, cad Wth^giKaofttoi « f-y ^ ft HBnSa. Awn IMIiiMMia/?-. tO.pSk' kta was gpreraMv fWutominr tus work in « n»e a i-/rSwn ptmmeeed by the proyriet WMBptprtewb tbe pnbmsr c* ■ 4bto4« oreriinden who first eipiand. Wj SXltia tmntiv obtained vast afioes.of territory for a nominal yearly rent on ^pecul «n>i after they ^ picked out the Pitogefc Utile settlements nychcre S3ES3SKSci mrnfnt importance, potteongalong very S^attatu^tiScrodBi Biver.the gS wck2"8 Point, M other rashes broke out,kSLS"? tod ^centre. have t^ssrit^rtsnnssR and when they mean to . go to the SKship they say they art " going, down to Sdreek." A tot rongh B«wh road.was made from PortAlbm*&■** £? toe one a notion of what itonce was. .1 no mm mro. for one of the earliest squatters, Snow firing in indepe^entci^mstonoes at Stratford, 10 miles teyond &de.; Rrom this time for a number of years PortAjbert nmoKMi in importance. A fine trade m cattle and the produce of cattle arose between the Port and Tasmania and New Zealand,, schooners and larger vessels were con PUIWIHUS •w*Dv- 7 . place farther sooth, and bringing back farm produce and other necessaries from Tas " Oi..i_ MH)#. nvid nrhfhno.nAnfL m«nia. Stock-yards and drafting-pens, and private houses, wharfs, jetties, hotels, — r . were erected, and .the place was constantly pervaded by an air of active business, ana filled with stock - drivers, station hands, oaiiiim, and new chums- The Government built a gaol and. an Immigrants Home, the latter being designed for the ac commodation' of servant girls who were imported from the • old country and tran shipped in Port Phillip for Port Albert The Home will soon be converted into a. police station. This prosperity, however, did not last Cattle were no longer required as im portations in Tasmania and New Zealand, and the trade abruptly came to a stop. Then the stock-yard* and drafting-pens, the wharfa and warehouses, were left to rot, or were gradually removed, and the mam street, hieing the beach, is nowa melancholy shadow of its former self. People appear to have lost heart and not tried to save anything; cables, anchors, and parts of vessels are lying about rusting when they might have been made use of, and one large shed, which I had the curiosity to enter still contained boiling down and curing vats, a track on a tram way, bags of saltpetre, a tallow press, lifting apparatuses, ana other things, which ap peared to have lain and rusted just as they were left the day work was knocked off. Nevertheless, many of the residents will teU yon that there's a good time coming, and that at present there is more solid prosperity in the place, with its small but regular trade in farm and dairy produce mid fish, than there was when the large and showy trade in cattle was in full swing. A visitor will find if hard to credit this. At present the Dost and telegraph office and the Bank of Victoria, both stone or stuccoed erections, axe the most respectable buildings in the town. > I stopped at M'Kenzie's Ship Inn, from which 'the coach starts, and found it a comfortable house, with clean beds, a good table, and moderate charges. In front there is a narrow bay, which is, in fact, only the mouth of the Tarra River, and which is surrounded' by low, tea-tree-fringed sand hill* At low tide half the bay is above water, and even small steamers cannot get over the "bar," or first sandbank. There are plenty of fish to be caught, but it is difficult to get a boat just when you want one. One can have a limited swim in a fenced bathing-place about 60ft. square. The* only other amusements are playing billiards and killing snakes. A fellow traveller and I cut sticks and went snake hunting. We fonnd and killed one band somely-m&iked; follow about 100 yards behind the hotel, and as this was an event, every male stranger in the hotel made it his busi ness to go mid look at the reptile. There is A fine life-boat, -but it has no crew, and is stowed away on shore, but there was talk of removing it to the jetty: The coacfcroad to $ale is not a bad bush toad, but to one from towh It Is very trying, though there are some compensating sights for a towns man on the way. In dry weather one becomes grimed from head to foot with dost, and bruised and "almost shaken to pieces by the occasional lengths of corduroy road, composed of rough logs placed -close together across the track where the bottom b: rotten. Twenty-four milefe from the Port, mid 26 from Sale, is theHalf-way House—a ropmv bark dwelling, occupied by, a civil and deabiy German family, who, for a reasonable charge, ftunish travellers with dinner. The scenity is by no meatiB Striking, though in many spots -the variety of colonr in the under ' 1 i 111' MmtiMotait ilia klenlvonAil s4ntna lllQirj .myil r VUU vnaavsj Vl WtviM hi vuw wuMwa growth, contrasted With the blackened stems of bush-fire marked timber, has « pretty effect, fflie are no high hills or steep valleys. The amount of burnt and dead timber observ able is remarkable. The wood is of the common kinds, stringy bank, lightwood, box, tajstard 'white gam, a little blaokwood, muakwood (the leaves of which give an eaves of wide lour like musk), honeysuckle, * . Stuntedblue gum,and towaidsfilie1 red gum. None of tne timber reachetfmy it of the laJ&u; wn«' much gods even for there ia JOHUrallygood ioms,amdthe eppefcfod'-in r4oa6h<-'goe«:4l<' '' , «nd iglfc' •tfo' look gawdo br 40 e iof WUUaf l Wretytime IWent tdsorignanasfrom wfldriklohs. iSSSSy .to the , sinicinu . wtohctosses rrimari's Greek,' lin4r Between Nbrfh 