H O L I D A Y RAMBLES. A TRIP TO CAPE OTWAY. (BY OUR TRAVELLING PHOTOGRAFIIER). There are three routes by which tourists may reach Cape Otway overland, the first by way of Birregurra, Loutit Bay, and Apollo Bay; the second from Colac towards the outlet of the Joanna, both of which are more difficult to traverse than the third, which I selected, by way of Camperdown, Cobden, and the Gellibrand river. In giving the following minute description of the track, Ihave been prompted by a desire to assist any tourists in search of the picturesque that they may find their way through a rather difficult but nevertheless most interesting part of our colony :—Twelve months ago I left Melbourne by first train for Geelong, arriving there at half-past eight a.m., and at nine a.m. started for Camperdown in the so-called little Cobb's coach. The owner and driver of this comfortable and easy convey- ance is a most popular man on that road; he is a -una U man with small means, drives a small coach with small horses at small profits to himself, and manages to keep up an opposition to the great Cobb and Co.'s Company. The morning after my arrival at Camperdown, I took a walk up to Mount Leura, a grand old extinct volcano, Math a deep sunken crater; from the top of Leura is a fine view of the town and surrounding country and lakes. In the afternoon I went to Tandarook station with Dr. Curdie, J.P. The country surrounding Tandarook is also of a volcanic character;, fertile fiats covered by a drift of lava surrounding the high land, basaltic rocks here and there, and hills with sunken craters. On the high-lying land I found some peculiar little round pebble-like brown stones, which either cover the surface or are one or two inches below it. After some showers of rain the sky cleared up, and I started with Dr. Curdie in his buggy at noon from Tandarook for the coast, a distance of thirty-three miles, arriving at Glenample at nine o'clock p.m. The track leads through grasstree plains, intersected by belts of timber, mostly of the stringy bark species (Eucalyptusoblit|ua). The track or road is only about ten feet broad, and made very good for the greater part over these grass-tree flats by drainage. The belts of timber afford an agreeable change, as the track through them is lined on both sides with a dense mass of varied shrubs, amongst which the myrtle-leaved acacias are the most prominent (Acacia myrtifolia). Approaching the coast the road becomes bad ; nothing lias been done to it, the tracks are greatly cut up by dray traffic, and boggy places abound. The coast here is formed by grassy and heathy downs bordered by high limestone cliifs which are much broken and distorted, the sea having made heavy inroads upon the shore and washed large portions away, leaving here and there pillars of most fantastic shapes and forms. Standing back from the present shore on one place, about 300 yards inland, is a large hole into which the sea-water rushes underground. This is called the blow-hole, and forms our sixth illustration. With every few hundred yards the coast is dotted by rocky points reaching far out into the sea in pillars, arches, caves and tunnels. The character of these may be seen in our second to seventh illustrations. Glenample Station comprises the coast land between the Gellibrand River and Fort Campbell. Along the banks of a small -creek which empties itself into Port Campbell are a few selections made under the present Land Act. I wonder how the selectors will arrange to make a living there, the land being poor and great portions of it very scrubby; however some appear to live in hopes that Port Campbell will, sooner or later, become a shipping place, about which I feel rather doubtful myself, as there would, at least for the present, be very Utile inducement for any vessel to call. To an observer from the shore the port appears to have a good channel, but, as it faces the south, any vessel entering it would probably stand the chance of being blown ashore during a south-westerly gale and never get out again. Near the Gellibrand, on the western side of the river, on rising ground and separated from the sea by cliffs and sand-hummocks, is the township called Princctown, up to the present similar to the town of Eden, in Martin Chuzzlewit, beautifully marked on the Government map, but in reality not in existence. I was driven in a buggy through this town, and when my kind companion informed me that we were actually in Princetown, I s^w nothing but very unprincely sheooak trees (Casuarina), through which the wind blew with a mournful sound. About a mile from the loeak of Princetown, between it and the homestead of Glenample, on purchased land, are two nice summer residences belonging to gentlemen from the Camperdown district, pleasant retreats during the summer months from the heat and dust of town, enjoys the luxury of the sea-air and sea-bathing; and 1 wonder that others have not followed the example of these two gentlemen by occupying allotments of Princetown for summer residences and villas. We passed through the unoccupied township, which has not even its publichouse, blacksmith's shop and store as yet, and drove over its suburban allotments down a gentle slope on to the Gellibrand. Beaching a small creek which meanders through the Gellibrand flat, and near its junction •with the Gellibrand River, I found an intelligent young man, Mr. James Olliver, waiting for me with his little boat, the Explorer, to take me up the river to the residence of his parents, which is on the other side of the Gellibrand, about three miles from the mouth of the river along the coast, orabout six miles going up the river. Mr. Olliver's place is the last residence on the west side of Cape Otway, and about thirtyfive miles from it. I enjoyed the trip up the Gellibrand in the Explorer, a narrow boat 18 feet long by 2 feet G inches wide, and expressly built for this stream ; the boat was light and so easily managed. The river winds about (and what river is there in Australia which is not winding?) through the open Hats and past sand hummocks near the coast, as if loth to leave it, and for about three miles is of considerable width, over 200 feet, and deep, with the exception of its outlet, where it is a very narrow but rapid stream, and a little above this widens largely, forming a very good ford over a solid sand bottom. About three miles from its mouth the river narrows very much, and the average width is from 30 to 40 feet. The banks are lined with splendid old and knotty blackwood trees, which are all more or less of a leaning disposition, overhanging the stream and forming, through the branches closing in at the top, a succession of lovely bowers, but also in many places obstructing the river. Many of these trees, through the effects of time and floods, have had to succumb, and from fine, lovely, shading trees have turned into nasty and disagreeable snags lodging in the bed of the stream, and stretching out of the water their skeleton limbs. The sources of the Gellibrand llvvcr are at Mount Sabine, a peak of 2000 feet elevation in the great dividing ranges, and fifteen miles from Apollo Bay. At first the river takes its course direct away from the coast north of the dividing ranges ; thence north of the Black ranges, and afterwards west of the Latrobe ranges, entering the sua at Point Ronald; thus encircling all the rivers which flow south of the dividing ranges between Apollo Bay and Point lvonald. Leaving Mr. O. 's station and the Gellibrand ] fiver, I had the pleasure of the company of Mr. O. and son for a part of the Way. Both were riding and kindly carried my luggage on their horses ; I preferred to walk, and found that I could go on faster than they could manage with their horses. For the first-three miles and a half we had open undulating heath country, remaining in sight of the ocean, and following a dray road leading into the forest. When entering the forest my companions remarked that I was in for it now, as for the next twenty miles I should see nothing but trees and scrub. About a mile and a half we followed still the dray road, which terminated at a saw-pit. Near it, and to the left of the road, tho„track turns oil"; blazes on the trees only indicate the direction we have to travel. Tomafiawk in hand, 1 took now the lead through a dense undergrowth of scrub from six to eight feet high, chiefly of the Goodcnia ovata, which is a very pretty flowering plant when in a single shrub, but here, iu such a dense mass, I did not like it. Worse than the Goodenias were the prickly mimosas, or the prickly rnoses as they are termed by buslimcn, the Acacia verticillata. We were ascending now one of the spurs of the main dividing ranges ; the trees at first were chiefly the stringy bark, or Eucalyptus obliqua, but gradually we came into a mountain forest of blue gums (Eucalyptus globulus), mountain ash (Eucalyptus amygdalina), large silver wattles (Acaciadecurrcns), and other trees, such as are generally found in mountain forests. In Victoria it is only in the Cape Otway ranges that the Eucalyptus globulus occurs in large numbers. Many of the trees are OUR ARTIST. T1IE HERMITAGE, NEAR GLEN AMPLE. ELEPHANTROCKS, NEAK TEE SHEEBBOOKZ, GLENAMl'LE CAVES. ARCHED BLUFF, NEAR THE SHERBROOKE. lofty, but Hon* as tall as they are to be found in other mountain parts of Victoria. The track, not at all plain on the ground and winding so much, is rather difficult to follow, especially where the scrub had been burnt by bushfires, where trees, saplings and dry sticks are lying in all directions. Marked with larger and more recent blazes, a track turns off to the right leading to the coast in the direction of Lions Headland. This track was made about two years ago by a man who had taken the most singular notion to plant Christianity in the wild region which bad only been frequented formerly by the aborigines, whose spirits still haunt the rangeB ! Singular as this notion may be, I am told that he began his planting of Christianity with the more practical planting of potatoes and turnips ; that he lived almost in blackfellow fashion in a little mia-mia, affording from one side only shelter against rain and wind. It is even doubtful whether he '.ever had or used there any cooking utensils. One day when fishing from the cliffs he was thrown by one of the large breakers off the rocks, and got his leg broken in two places. He managed to reach his camp, but lay there helpless, and for thirty-three days had to live ©n raw potatoes and turnips; his sufferings becoming unbearable, he crawled the three miles along this track to the junction of the Cape Otway track, and, fortunately, the same day some people coming from the (Jape were able to take him on their horses to Gleuample, aud from thence he was conveyed to the hospital. From the hospital he returned convalescent once more to his place, and remained only for a short time to eat the rest of his potatoes and turnips, but abandoned his original plan of planting Christianity there. The next place of any note is Froggies' Hole, a hole caused by the uprooting of a large tree and which is full of water and inhabited by a large family of frogs. Froggies' Hole is about six miles from the place where the forest track commences. The next two miles beyond to the Ferntree Gully were more difficult to traverse ; saplings had to be cleared out of the way, large treeB had fallen across the old track, and we had to make fresh tracks to get round them with our horses. At the Ferntree Gully we found very good water, and rested for half-an-hour, and then I parted from my two companions, who returned home. The Ferntree Gully is not so pretty as those of Gippsland and in the Dandenong ranges. With some difficulty I crossed, but the crossing-place must be dangerous for a rider, as the ground is very boggy; the track beyond is exceedingly muddy, in some places winding through large patches of Lepidospermas. This rush grows in large tufts of six feet in height, and has sharp-edged leaves,which inflict cuts on the skin like a knife, of which I received ample proof on this occasion. During a smart shower of rain I took shelter under my little tent; the rain lasted long enough to make it afterwards disagreeable walking through the scrub; the ferns and rushes were very liberal in imparting to me the late blessings from the sky, and every small tree I could not avoid touching sent me a showerbath. What a relief when, about four miles beyond the Ferntree Gully, the patli I had followed merged into a broad clear track, wide enough for a dray to pass along, and affording to me sufficient elbow-room. This track, as I learned afterwards, has been cleared by the geological surveyors about seven years ago, and leads from Colac to the coast near the outlet of the Joanna ; unfortunately the scrub has grown up so much since that only small portions have remained clear. These scrubby portions are the worst of any to traverse all the way between the Gellibrand and Cape Otway. I followed now in the direction towards the coast one of the spurs of the divide ; in the scrubby places the path on the ground is only from 12 to IS inches broad, leading through a dense jungle, 10 feet high, of "prickly nioses " affectionately grown into each other. The next six miles, though nearly always down hill, took me about four hours to walk. Within a mile and a half from the sea I came down the left-hand side of the leading range, and for the first time saw the Joanna. Many Joannas I have seen in my time, but none delighted me more than the sight of this one, a beautiful mountain stream, with water as cold as ice and clear as crystal (lowing rapidly over a fine gravelly and bright sandy bed, the banks studded on both sides with fine specimens of thp Uicksonia fern-trees. After walking for about half-an-hour aloflg the banks of the river and upderiicnth the arches formed by tjie lovely fronds of the fern-trees, I reached again open grassy ground only separated from the scabeacli by a chain of hummocks. Away from scrub and logs, on slightly sloping ground overgrown simply with short turfy grass and within easy distance from water, I selected my camp and pitched my little triangular tent. Close to my camping place from'one of the hummocks, 1 watched the glorious sunset—supli a grand' sight, which I never like to neglect to witness when at sea or noar the sea-shore. Night oame on soon ; t was one of thoBo olear pleasant and still nights we so frequently aight enjoy in our salubrious semi-tropioal clime. NotwitU" Ending tbg fatigue imi the day's journey 1 tad no inoluuttion for sleep, but remained for some hours near my little camp-fire, pondering over the scenes of the hot few days. Gradually the mind would wander further back to recall fresh to memory scenes and moments of former years. At last I felt lonely, oh, so lonely! Not a sound but that caused by the unceasingly rolling waves. My companions during the day—the thrushes, who delighted me with their sweet varied notes, along with the other little feathered songsters—had long sought their nests ; the flowers had closed, and night had thrown its veil over them to hide all from view ; no sign of life anywhere around me. At laBt from a distant tree proceeded a sound I had heard so often when camped in the bush—it was the night carol of the native bear ; once started he kept it up for a long time. I was pleased, and thanked God for this, for 1 did not feel lonely any longer. As night advanced I noticed other signs of living objects around. From a far distance the mopoke—the Australian cuckoo of the night—made himself heard, and little bandicoots came close up to my tent as if to see who was intruding upon their grounds. Watching the last few dying embers of my camp fire, not caring to keep it up any longer, I took off my coat, which I used in place of a blanket, and retiring to my tent committed myself to the care of Him who watches over all. •Many nights I have spent in the Australian bush camped in different ways and in various places, near the seashore and in forests, upon mountains or near waterfalls, and on the banks of creeks or rivers; alone or in company, I always enjoyed it; but man's disposition changes, and though he may have been fond of raw turnips in his younger days, why should he not prefer to have them cooked when he gets old ? So with the discomforts of camp life : they are no pleasure to me any longer, and I always prefer a comfortable bed when I can get it. My resting-place on the turf of the Joanna was hard, and the air became very chilly towards morning. Notwithstanding this, I slept tolerably well until my featheredfriends awakened me rather early with their " Willy, willy, willy," and " what, what," or their " hik—hak — huk — kukkuk, hik — kak — huk— kukkuk," Sufficiently re. freshed, I resumed my journey, taking the nearest way over the lowest gap between the hummocks on to a fine sandy beach; the Joanna runs in two separate branches, about a quarter of a mile apart, into the sea. For a mile and a half I could walk along the beach, when, after having crossed the second or the Little Joanna, and approaching bold cliffs, I followed a small track winding up a steep hill on the eastern side of a gully leading through a portion of Eucalypti jungle, over a little grasstree flat, on to a cattle camp on high ground, under a group of drooping sheoak trees (Casuarina quadrivalvis). Here I got puzzled; cattle tracks in all directions, but which one to follow ? As there were no more blazed trees after quitting the forest, near the Joanna, I took the plainest one running parallel with the coast, crossing again another grass tree flat and into a small forest with a dense undergrowth of scrub. After proceeding along a little distance the track branched, and I made direct for the coast. For four hours I worked hard, but in vain, to penetrate the scrub ; nearly exhausted, I had to givo it up, and returned to the cattle camp, resting there for Beveral hours. At four o'clock in the afternoon, resuming my search, I found that after passing the Casua^na trees I should have turned almost in a right angle towards the sea; the track, getting plainer and leading down a point near Kotten Point and around Castle Cove, soon brought me in J1LOW HOLE, NEATi TIIE SIIEnHTlOOIvE. CAfE OTWAY CAVE. STALACTITE CAVE, NEAR CAPE OTWAY. rAttS ON TUH FAfiKIR, sight of open pasture land. From a prominent point I beheld a pleasing view : to the right the vast ocean ; to the left the valley of the liver Aire, with its fiats and lagoons, and between both undulating grass hills with a few Casuarina and Banksia trees on the tops. I kept to the left of the hills between the high ground and a swampy flat. At a little distance before me I noticed a small log hut with a thatched roof, and, better still, smoke issuing from the chimney. Approaching the hut a man came out, and my "Good evening, sir," was replied to with a " Halloa, is it youOf course it was, though I do not know that we ever met before. The hut is seldom used, perhaps only in time of cattle mustering or when fences have to be repaired. I was thus fortunate to find two men occupying it; both received me in the true and hearty style of bushnieii; they had just finished their tea, but pannikins, tin plates, and eatables were still on the table, and a billy with tea in the ii replace. 1 was invited to make myself at home, partake of what they could oiler, and accept of a shake-down. I tried to do ample justice to all. My hosts had their horses ready to go a lishing to the Aire liver, which had abundance of fish, and I soon was left sole possessor of the hut. At what time they returned I do not know, as 1 slept very sound, but awaking the next morning I found a good breakfast of fried fell ready for me. Both men kindly accompanied mc with their horses to sec me safe across the Aire, as the river was not closed up, and the crossing dangerous for any one not knowing the place. A boat is kept on the river, but is generally on the Cape Otway side of the stream. After getting safe through the Aire I had a plain path leading up to high coastlaud and, near the coast, always in sight of the ocean to Cape Otway. The first place I came to was the homestead of the Cape Otway cattle station. This place is so hidden by hummocks that I did not see it until I was almost close at the door, and I believe the good people in it were taken equally by surprise. A mile further on, past the lighthouse, and the residences of the Government men employed in the lighthouse, I reached my plane of destination, tin-: telegraph station at O.ipe Otway. The gentleman in charge ol the Capo <11 way telegraph station, a kind anil most courteous government oliieer, had been previously informed of my intended visit, and, in his place I found a most hearty and kind reception, and I must say I soon felt quite at home and past cares were quickly forgotten ; indeed my visit at Cape Otway will form one of the pleasant reminiscences of my life in Australia. The telegraph station is built on a prominent point near the Cape Cliff, a little to the east of it, and is ISO feet above the sea level. The lighthouse is a round tower 60 feet high, built on the top of Cape Otway cliffs ; it exhibits a revolving light, formed by 22 lamps with large reflectors, and kept in motion by a clockwork which requires winding about every four hours. The lighthouse keeper is the oldest resident at the Cape, havingbeen there for twenty-fouryears. Payter's Hill, which has bem named in honor of Mr. J. Payter, the assistant manager of telegraphs, forms the trigonometrical station at the Cape, and from its top is a splendid view of the telegrapli station, the lighthouse, and other Government buildings, with the ocean as a background. The precipitous cliffs about Cape Otway Mid of. the Cape are all very picturesque and afford splendid studies for artists. Ii. the Cape Rock is a large cave over three hundred yards long, containing large quantities of seals, guano, and a great number of skeletons. Close to the Cape Hock is a fine stalactite cave with the most grotesque forms of crystals in it. A large double cave represents from the front the appearance of a twostoried building minus the front wall. These caves appear in our sixth and seventh illustrations. Three miles and a half east of Cape Otway is the Parker Inlet, the place where once a year the stores ior Cape Otway are landed. No vessel could laud there, and in bringing the stores in boats on shore they have frequent losses by the boats getting upset. It is here where the first Tasmanian cable was landed about twelve years ago ; portions of the cable are still buried in the sand. Two splendid waterfalls occur on the Parker, within two miles and a half from the eea. One of them appears in our last illustration. In a few days I made a fine collection of a large variety of beautiful marine alga; near the cliffs, and many fossils can be obtained from the fossil rocks. The inhabitants of the Cape all take interest in collecting, and I wonder at their patience and perseverance in collecting such a large number of the most minute specimens of concliology. When I was at Cape Otway there was a great want of postal accommodation, the inconvenience of which I experienced myself during my stay. The postal town is Camperdown, a place eighty miles distant from the Cape, whence and whither letters and papers have to be conveyed by any private person who perchance may happen to travel from one place to the other—which does not occur very frequently ; the consequence is that the inhabitants of Cape Otway are almost shut off from communication with the rest of the world, and important Government correRpondence has to be entrusted to comparative strangers, and whieli, with aU due respect to their honesty, is liable to remain forgotten iu their pockets, instead of being much safer in a mail bag. Things have improved in this respect since I wrote this, mail communication having been opened via A-pollo Bay to Cape Otway, 