MANNING RIVER. (From the News Nov. 28) In consequence of the bush-fires on Sunday last (which was one of the hottest days we ever remem- ber) considerable damage was done to fencing in nearly every part of the district. Mr McPherson, of Dingo Creek, is a great loser. Along the Bight road nearly all the fencing is more or less burned. Near Taree, Mr. Thomson had twenty tons of firewood, besides other timber, burned. The new fence be- longing to the Cundle Company, extending from Cundle to the Lansdowne, has also suffered from the flames, a considerable quantity having been entirely consumed. Fencing stuff for more than a mile in length, the property of Mr. Robson, has also been nearly all destroyed from the same cause. We have heard of several others who are great losers. It becomes my painful duty, writes the Jones' Island correspondent of the News, to record this week a very melancholy accident, by which a respectable man in the prime of life, came to an untimely end. Mr. James Cowan, the eldest son of Mr. David Cowan, of Scot's Creek, was riding a young horse on Friday last, from which he was unfortu- nately thrown against the post of a fence, whereby he received such injuries to his head as must have caused instant death, for when found by a little boy he was quite dead. He was buried at the Cundle- town cemetery last Sunday — Mr. W. Cross officiating at the grave. The building of a school at Kelvin Grove will shortly be commenced. Mr. George Murray has generously given an acre of land, on which the edifice will be erected. The parents of children in this neighbourhood have been put to great incon- venience for a considerable time past, owing to no school being near them to which they could send their little ones for duly instruction. Farmers on Jones' Island, whose crops of wheat escaped destruction from the ravages of the catter- pillars and rust, are now busily engaged reaping, and some of the wheat appears to be very good, but very few are so favoured. — Cor. The Jones' Island correspondent of the News writes :— Never before was rain more anxiously ex- pected, and never was it received with more grati- tude than that which fell all last night, and continues to descend at intervals while I am penning these lines. The maize crops have suffered greatly in con- sequence of the continued dry and excessive hot weather. The early crops chiefly which are show- ing the tassel now, and which, as is well known, need rain when arrived at this stage, look greatly benefitted. 