PUBLISHED DAILY. ' I am m tho place whcro I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore, tho truth I speak, _, "in_>_ vu- _ -mi, nuu, impugn it whoso list" TUESDAY, JANUARY(i, 1871. The fortnight's mail news, which we received yesterday, contains nothing of a sensational character, but there are somo items of interest, especially in connexion with the sociaLproblems of the day. The weakness of the Imperial Edu- cation Act of 1870 is betraying itself more manifestly as the time approaches for the re-election of the various school boards. It is apparent that the conces- sion made to the Denominationalists by the 25th clause has operated most mis- chievously. The Church of England and the Roman Catholic sections of the community are striving to secure for their own schools as large a share of the public money as possible; and the Nonconformists, as a general rule, are strenuously averse to the appro- priation of rates to the maintenance of schools, one of the avowed objects of which is to teach the special theological creeds of their managers. In the meantime, while the denomination- alists are squabbling over the spoils, a large percentage of the population be- tween the school ages is growing up in ignorance; and we think this colony has cause for congratulation that it has established a system of public instruc- tion that is thoroughly secular, and lias thus taken the lead of the mother country. Mr. Aech is on his way back to England from Canada, after having, as he says, " made himself thoroughly " acquainted with the working man of " the Dominion, his home, his labours, " his pay, and his prospects." He ap- pears to have been thoroughly well satisfied that the most advantageous openings present themselves for indus- trious and persevering immigrants in British America and the United States. He intends to return to Canada iu tho spring with 500 picked men-the van- guard, as he believes, of thousands who will follow ; and he states that if the state Governments of the Union will offer the same inducements which the Dominion is doing, there will bo, inlcss than two years, 100,000 English emi- grants making homes in America. There can be littlo doubt that every facility will be supplied, for they know tho value of immigration in the United States. It is only in the colony of Victoria that the people havo arrived at the sage conclusion that an increase of the able-bodied population is an evil ; that stagnation is health ; that a policy of quiescence is one of progress; and that none of the laws by obedience to which states attain to wealth and great- ness aro applicable to the circumstances of this community, which has a political economy and a social science of its own. From Canada also conie3 the news of the downfall of the Macdonald Ad- ministration, the head of which had, been compromised by what was known as tho " Pacific Railway Scandal." It had mot tho new Parliament, and re- sisted a vote of censure moved by Mr. ' Mackenzie, the loader of the Opposi- ' tion. The debate had lasted for eight days, and then, before a division was taken, Sir John Macdonald startled the. Lower House by announcing the resignation of the Ministry. Mr. Mackenzie was sent for, and constituted a Cabinet, after which Parliament was prorogued, and is not likely to re- assemble until February. The suc- cessors of the Macdonald Administra- tion are liberal, and in favour of free trade. , The French papers just received haye put us in possession of the circumstances which led up to Marshal MacMahon's acceptance of the presidency for seven years. The Committee of Fifteen adopted a proposition of M. Casimer Perier, to combine as closely as possible the prolongation of the Marshal's powers with the voting of the projected Constitutional Laws. " The first article provides that, whatever be the form which these laws shall prescribe for the election of the President of the Re- public, Marshal MacMahon shall retain from the date of their coming into operation the powers of President, such as they shall be defined in the said laws, jusqu'à la pitts pro- chaine Législature. This article shall bo an nexed to the organic laws, and shall havo equal authority with them. The second article stipulates that until the Constitu- tional Laws be voted the marshal shall con- tinue to exercise his present powers. The third article provides that within three days after the voting of the present bill a commis- sion of 30 members shall be nominated with the ordinary fonns to proceed to the examination of the Constitutional Laws, and this commission shall make its report to the Assembly before the 15th of January next." The committee waited upon the Pre- sident, who expressed his gratitude to the members of it for the confidence they had shown in prolonging his powers, and declared with respect to the Constitutional Laws that their discus- sion belonged solely to the Assembly, and that he sliould always submit or re- tire from power if he thought he could not continue to be the instrument of its sovereign decisions. But Marshal MacMahon subsequently, as we have leamt by telegraph, demanded and ob- tained seven years' unconditional pro- longation of power. The intelligence from Germany is highly satisfactory, as showing what a beneficial effect was produced upon the public mind by the publication of the Emperor's correspondence with the Pope ; and how strong is the determi- nation of the Prussian people to resist priestly tyranny. In the election for the new Prussian Diet, the Clerico Conservative party has gained three and ost 24 seats, and its ccLiplcxic" i; thoroughly liberal and anti-sacerdotal. Not the least ßxtrarirclinal'y result of tile glow of patriotic feeling excited by recent events, is that the very party which, formerly refused to vote the Army Estimates, has now rallied round the King and his Prime Minister, and is "ready, not only to vote as much "money for the military budget as "Kamecke chooses to ask for, but to " remodel the Constitution itself after "any pattern that may be recom " mended to them by Prinz von " Bismarck." He and it are bent upon crushing TJltramontanism in the Prus- sian state, and they havo got the country at their back. With a majority of 311 in a House of 432 members, " the " Liberals," as the Berlin correspondent of a London daily observes, " are in a " position to override any combination, " whether of Ultramontanes and Old " Conservatives, or of Ultramontanes " and Social Democrats, that may be " desperately entered into for the pur " pose of staying them in their course." One of the most significant and gratifying incidents connected with the late general elections in Prussia is this-that there is hardly a Catholic town of any im- portance in that kingdom in which the ecclesiastical nominees have not been defeated by overwhelming majorities It is manifest that the great mass of the people regard the attitude of the Boman Church as a menace to the greatness and the freedom of their country, and have the utmost faith in their political Colossus, combined with an utter con- tempt for " the little stone" which was to be hurled at him at some indefinite time, and from some indescribable hand. Our telegrams have already apprised us that the bill relating to civU marriages had passed through the Diet, It seems, from the papers which have just come to hand, that this measure had been rendered necessary by the fact that several hundred parishes in Prussia were unprovided with priests legally qualified to baptize, marry, and bury. Marriage is now declared a purely civil act, and a_ demand for un- denominational cemeteries is expected shortly to arise, owing to the refusal of the priests to bury persons who havo lived iu what they consider to bo uncon secrated wedlock. According to the Berlin correspondent of The Times, " cemeteries are even now losing their " denominational character, old Catho " lies being constantly buried, with the " assistance of the police, in Catholic " churchyards, despite the protests of " the priests. Baptism, therefore, which " is enforced by law, will shortly be the " only obligatory connexion between the " Christian churches and those pro " fessiug to belong to them in this " country." Mr. Langdon called attention in our issue of yesterday to the good service which is being done in England by the training ship Worcester in turning out a supply of properly-trained officers for tho mercantile marino. Ho stated that this vessel was placed by H.M. Govern- ment at the disposal of a committee, consisting of merchants and masters, who were impressed with the necessity of providing competent officers for the meichanl service, and that their opera- tions have been attondod by complete success. Our correspondent pointed out that often nowadays parents are puzzled to know what to do with their boys. Many cannot afford to spend much over their instruction, and yet they are anxious to give them that amount of educational training which will fit them to follow some reputable calling. A largo number of youths of British origin have a natural taste for a nautical career, and parents would be glad to indulge thoir inclination if there was any recognised channel of launching them in life with a fair prospect of suc- cess. Such an institution as the Wor- cester training-ship offers the very' facilities they require, For 40 guineas. por cannum, with 10 guineas extra/for uniform,- ¿se.,-boys of, 12 to löycars of age are'taken, and retained under tuition-and technical training for twe> or three years. " Besides .the , usual "branches of a good sound English "education, algebra^ geometry;* trigo "nonietry, mechanics, steam, marine " surveying, ' drawing, and French aro " all taught." " The education," says our correspondent, " is first-rate." But in addition to the vory respect- able amount of knowledge thus im- parted- and it will be seen that the subjects selected aro such, as to -J > eminently useful in the subsequent^ career of the students-a very valuable privilege is attached to the membership of this educational and industrial insti- tution. The Board of Trado allows two years spent on board the Worcester to count one year's sea service, thereby shortening the period of proba- tion, which, under ordinary circum- stances, must be passed at sea before a young man can present himself to tho examiners as a candidate for a mate's certificate. There is another advantage, however, that is even moro valuable, which the young gentlemen trained in the Worcester enjoy, viz., the certainty of obtaining employment. Masters and owners of vessels, we aro informed, have shown their appreciation of the way in which boys are trained for their work, by readily accepting their ser- vices, and when the lads once get a good start in a seafaring life, their future is tolerably well assured. This certainty of a start would no doubt have great weight with many parents. It is by no means easy to find an opening for youths on shore, no matter what their capabilities or at- tainments. But concerning those who have an inclination for the sea, they need be under no apprehension whenever they can command for them similar advantages to those enjoyed by the lad3 who graduate on board the Worcester. The mercantile marine of England is increasing every day, and the demand for properly qualified officers must in- crease with it. The youth, therefore, who, being adequately furnished with useful knowledge and set afloat under ordinarily favourable auspices, fails to make his way to a moderate competence, has only himself to blame. The tendency of the age is to do everything on a colossal scale. Instead " - .. - - 11 rt-Tiyprci lVfll oi a multitude ot smau _,,_ _", sessing a few ships each, and di- viding the traffic of the world between them, we find large companies almost monopolising certain portions of the carrying trade. We have but to look around to assure ourselves that this tendency is on the increase. The re- sult, so far as the officers employed aro concerned, is evident. WTien once they have joined a particular service they may look to permanent employment and sure promotion according to their professional merits and personal fitness. The leaning of these companies is, as a rule, in the direction of an extension of their operations, so that no good officer need fear that sudden dismissal which they are liable to at the hands of pri- vate employers. We think, then, that the mercantile marine presents as many attractions to our enterprising youth aa ever it did. And not only does it offer inducements to the juvenile members of the class which has hitherto in a great measure furnished the officers of the merchant service, but it is by no means beneath the consideration of those in want of a career who occupy a highor position in the social scale. The enormous passenger traffic which has sprung up of late years renders it de- sirable that captains and officers should not only be thorough sailors, but also educated gentlemen. Far be it from us to deny that there have been many men who have worked their way from the forecastle to the cabin who have adorned the position they have won, but as far as our experience goes their number is not legion. In future, we may depend upon it, men who combine with good seamanlike qualities that refinement which springs from education and cul- ture, will have an immense advantage over the old "sea dogs " whose courage and skill are somewhat tarnished by their ignorance and coarseness. Mr. Langdon is anxious that the ad- vantages offered to English boys in connexion with the training - ship Worcester and other institutions of a kindred character, should be placed within the reach of our Victorian youth. He would like to see a trainingship of a similar character in Hobson's Bay, and thinks that if application were made to the Im- perial Government, an old frigate would be gladly placed at the disposal of any committee that might be formed, to superintend the matter. Probably thero would not be much difficulty in obtain- ing a vessel if it could be shown that we could turn it to good account, but it appears to us that a ship of the descrip- tion referred to would be altogether beyond our wants. The numbers taking advantage of the opportunity thus afforded of qualifying themselves as officers for the merchant service would not be large-at all events for some years to come. If, therefore, a small vessel of a similar description to the old training brigs could be secured, it would pro- bably answer all immediate require- ments. A beginning might be made in this way, and then the only expense which need be incurred to commence with would bo an instructor in seaman- ship and the one or two masters neces- sary to give lessons in those branches of knowledge which aro comprised in the Worcester curriculum. It remains for parents who are interested in the matter to take steps to give practical effect to the suggestion. Tho principal organ of tho protc-'"e "»list party in Victoria has thought proper to make merry ovor the amount subscribed in this colony towards tho fund now boing raised to commomorate in some befitting way the groat services rendered by tiie late John Stuart Mill, as an ablo expounder of economic science, to his country and the world at large. Our contemporary has stated that the result of our appeal to those who profeBS to hold the memory of this groat man in rovoronco was £3 ?s., which we report having remitted to . ,ondon, without, we may add, on our own part, having de- ranged the money market, or seriously ?-interfered with the course "of exchanger . 'This we admit does not seem a vory.largo .-sum for1 a wealthy colony like Viotoria to -'contribute, but had'our cynical censor only exhibited its< usual painstaking ,, accuracy in connexion with this matter, it would have dianovored that a further sum of £12 2s. had beon received and acknowledged, and that in the , very paragraph on which its remarks were founded, we announced its remittance also. After mentioning the receipt of ' the £3 3s. referred to, wo wont on to say that "the amount had been forwarded " with the sums vihicli we liad previously i " received ;" making the total amount of tho draft £15 5s. It will bo seen by every person capable of appreciating liberality that this entirely alters the aspect of the case. Three guineas, as we havo said before, may not aeem a vory largo sum, but who will presume to , «ay that £15 5s. is not a noble contribution to a groat patriotio effort, and one in every way worthy of the rich and onlightonsd portion of tliis groat community 1 Wo deprecate these coarse reflections on the generosity of the mer- cantile body. It is perfeotly true that during a long and arduous struggle with the powers of darkness, our free traders, whom we may reckon by thousands, swore by the groat economist, and on every occasion invoked Ids assistance against the common enemy. They, we are sure, would be the first to admit the obligations ho has put them under, and to confess that they owe a debt of gratitude to his memory. But, then, have they not subscribed £15 5s.-five pounds of which, by the by, was contributed by a so- ciety moro famous for its earnestness and sincerity than its wealth-and shall thoy bo deprived of the credit rightly due to such a sublime effort of self-sacrifice and liberality, simply because a hostile critic seeks an opportunity of detracting from their fair fame ? We aro obliged to our contemporaiy for the hint he has given us concerning our own duty in'the matter, but probably had the list of sub- scribers in London been consulted before the advice was penned, it would havo been found that the suggestion was alto- gether superfluous. An abstract of the agricultural statistics Of Great Britain for 1873, lately pub- lished by the Board of Trade, exhibits some very singular results, when com- pared with a similar abstract of those for Victoria for the same period. Hero aro a few of the more important lines in the two abstracts placed side by side : 1873. Great Britain. Victoria. Cultivation. Acres, Acres. Wheat. 3,400,392 -"26,504 Barley. 2,330,020 125,505 Oats ... ' ... 2,670,234 Number. 21,251 Live Stock. Number. Cattle. 5,004,549 812,380 .»neep .<> ...i «?,4¿(, 'Pigs .I 2,500,250 I 193,722 Now, the first'thing to strike the careful observer in the foregoing is the great disparity in the acreage of the different Muds of cereals grown in the two coun- tries. Our growth of oats, for instance, is utterly insignificant as compared with our growth of wheat, whilst tho growth of oats in Great Britain is moro than two thirds its growth of wheat. Again, our growth of barley is little more than one third of our growth of wheat, whilst the growth of barley in Great Britain is within a small fraction of two-thirds of its growth of wheat. But another thing to strike the careful observer in the fore- going is the great disparity in the acreage of wheat grown in the two countries to their respective populations whon the difference in tho population of each is .taken into account. Oui' population, for instance, only amounted to 790,000 per- sons in 1873, whilst that of Groat Britain amounted in round numbers to 20,500,000 persons. Now, 320,504 acres of wheat in Victoria to a population of 700,000 per- sons is equal to 2'i persons to each acre, or, popularly speaking, to nearly half au aero to eacli person, which is about our consumption, reckoning 10 to l8 bushels to the aero. But 3,490,392 acres of wheat in Great Britain to a population of 26,500,000 persons gives a return of 7'5 persons to every acre, or, popularly speaking, only about half a rood to each| person, which sufficiently accounts for the largo demand in England for the wheat of other countries. The same train of thought might bo pursued with regard to the live- stock statistics of the two countries, with similar results, or even with more surprising ones as regards sheopjWhichamounttolossthanSOjOOOjOOO1 in Great Britain, whilst ours amount to moro than 10,000,000 with all the difference of population. But that would be foreign to our present purpose, which1 is simply to show what strides Victoria is making in agricultural production as com- pared with the mother country. I The P. and 0. Company's R.M.S.S. Ellora,l in command of Captain W. Curling, and 'bringing an extra mail from England, ar-1 lived in the bay at half-past 9 o'clock yester day morning. The Ellora has come direct from Southampton, through the Suez Canal, and, after calling at Aden, she went to' Colombo, where a large consignment of! coffee for this port was taken on board. She ¡ then proceeded to Galle, where mails from' India and China were received, and, after a ! ehort detention, she left on the 8th ult., for! King George's Sound and Adelaide, It was ¡ ?expected that the Ellora would have been here some five or six days ago, but on her ' voyage from Galle she had to steam against continuous heavy head gales, and a very LigU sea, almost all the way from the ' equator to the Sound, and after leaving Glenelg the passage was further delayed by extremely thick foggy weather, which neces- sitated the engines being slowed consider- ably. Capo Otway was passed about 10 o'clock on Sunday night, but as the usual Might signals were not made by the Steamer, and as tho weather was very thick »ff the Cape at that hour, it is scarcely matter Df surprise that no intimation was received of her having been seen there, and that she Should have been first heard off yesterday Morning at Port Phillip Heads. On arrival in the bay she went alongside the railway pier, Sandridge, to land passengers and dis charge cargo-the first instance in which a steamer of the company's fleet has ever been berthed at a pier in this Iioi t. Some seven years have elapsed since the last appearance of the Ellora in these waters, and during her ab- sence the flush dock has been oncroached on by a full poop, and the new and spacious Baloon is a vaBt improvement on the old passenger accommodation. On the early portion of the voyage she encountered very trying and tempestuous weather in the Bay cf Biscay, but on that occasion, and also during the heavy weather between Galle and Cape Louwin, she acquitted herself admirably, and was declared by tho passengers to bo a Most comfortable sea boat in rough weather. Coming on a direct voyage from England, Sind having had very little leisure time in any of the ports at which she called, the Ellora is not exactly in holiday trim, but when opportunity has been found to clean and paint her, sho will doubtless present a Smarter appearance. After completing dis charge of the Melbourne portion of her «argo, in all about 250 tons, Bhe was to leave the bay this morning with mails, passengers, and cargo for Sydney. The 32Hora is to be retained in this port for a «me at least for the conveyance of pas« sengers transhipped from the-company's steamers for Sydney, and also in brin_ing_ passengers'from Sydney proceeding by" the; company's steamers to England. Of áU'tlj.e.¡ officers on board, Mr. S. Beere, the second officer, is the only one who has been'here before. > i ' From the late telegrams published in the Ceylon papers wo select the following items of news ¡-Major Testing surprised the Ashantees near Dnnquab on 27th October, and, after three hours' bush fighting, de- stroyed the camp, five officers and 52 natives being wounded. Colonel M'Neil, V.C., the chief of the staff, was severely wounded, and Colonel Archibald is about to proceed to Capo Coast to replaco him. The Himalaya took out 1,100 troops, and the -2nd Highlanders wero under orders. The Imperial Parliament is summoned to meet for the despatch of business on 2nd February. A fine of 2,200,000 roubles is imposed on Khiva for,war expenses, pay- ablo in instalments extending to 1893. Colonel Baker and Lieutenant Gill ar- rived at Teheran, having discovered the source of the Attrek. Comte de Chambord has recently visited France, and his official organ publishes an,article which is inter- preted as an intimation of the Comte's in. tention to abdicate and waive his claims to the Throne. The German Government has summoned the Archbishop of Posen to resign. General Ducrot has resigned his seat in the French Assembly. The Minister of Lands had a supplement to the Government Gazette all to himself last night. It notifies that certain lands situate at Elaine alienated under the 19th section of the Land Act, 1869, havo been resumed for mining purposes by the Governor in Council, under the 99th section of the same act, full compensation having been paid tp the selectors for the improvements made by them. The Bendigo Advertiser says that Mr. Robert Clark, J.P., on Saturday forwarded to his Stawell requisitionists a definite reply, consenting to become a candidate at the forthcoming election. In consequence of an infringement of the staff system regulations in force on the North-Eastern line, a gate over the railway at Essendon was recently smashed by a goods train. After an inquiry into the matter, the Commissioner of Railways has resolved not to enforce the penalty of dis- missal against the driver of tho train, Thos. Purves, which penalty the latter has made himself liable to ; but inasmueh as Purves's conduct, as shown by the conduct book, is anything but satisfactory, Mr. Gillies has deemed it necessary to inflict upon him such a punishment as is likely to deter others from any repetition of the offence. Purves, therefore, has been reduced to the bottom of the fourth class of engine-drivers, and has also been required to pay the cost of the broken gate. ! A meeting of gentlemen interested in the tvtpoo>-i'o>i mont mipRtion will take place at Scott's Hotel to-day at 2 p.m. Samples o¡f (cooked) meat preserved by Leoni's process will be shown, and reports upon the turn- out of sample shipments to India and else- where will be read to the meeting. The samples of meat preserved with bone iii original form, which will be submitted to day, have all the appearance of meat hung for some time in a pure and cold atmos- phere, and date their preservation from the 19th of July, 1873. The patentees of the process issue a general invitation to all who are likely to take a practical interest in the question of meat-preserving. ' The adjourned special meeting of the Legal and General Lifa Assurance Society, called to consider a revision and alteration of the articles of association, took place yes- terday at the society's office, Queen-street, The Hon, Robert Walsh, chairman of direc- tors, was in the chair. The alterations pro. posed by the directors wore unanimously adopted by the shareholders present, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. At the meeting of the Emerald-hill Town Council last night it transpired that the' council had made an offer of a piece of land adjoining the council- chambers, in Dorcas street, as a Bite for a state school, at a price to be fixed by valuation-this to be in lieu of the Clarendon-street site. In reply to this offer, a letter has been received from the Minister of Education informing the council that the offer would receive the earliest con-, sideration of the department. ! The two challenge matches of hand-ball announced in our columns came off yester-, day. The first, between Messrs. Dundon and, Shanaghan and Messrs. Treacy and Ahearn, i was won iby the former gentlemen. The second, a single game, was ' won by Mr. Dundon, beating Mr. Treacy. The following gentlemen, at the meeting at Cavanagh's Hotel last evening, were appointed to repre- sent Victoria in the Intercolonial match, viz. :-Messrs. Jas. Doyle, John Doyle, i M'Namara, Leahy, P. Maher, 1). Maher, I Bowes, Dundon, and Langham. The Maryborough Advertiser is "informed' that it is definitely decided the All-England 1 Eleven will visit Maryborough immediately! on their return from Sydney, to play against ' a twenty-two selected from the cricketers of I the surrounding district." i A case was heard before the magistrates j in the City Court yesterday, by which it would appear, if the ruling of the Bench is correct, that the police officers areinvosted] with much greater powers than the public] are aware of. A very respectable-looking ¡ man named John Futtel, alias Monaghan, who has been employed on the Government ' railways for the last 14 years, was' charged with assaulting a man named j George House, who is also employed at the ' Spencer-stieet station. Some difference of opinion occurred between the two men ' during working hours on Saturday last. In ' the evening House was sitting at bis door, ' when Monaghan carno by, and according to I the statement of the complainant, took him ' by the beard and shook his fist in his face. The complainant also stated that the defen- dant walked up and down in front of his house for a considerable time, using very ' violent and threatening language. House went out the back way, and brought up Constable Reardon. He pointed out Monaghan in the street, and said, " That is the man I want to give in charge for an assault and threatening language." Tho constable, though he had heard no threaten ing language used, nor seen any assault com- mitted, at once arrested Monaghan, who suggested that if nouse had anything against him he could summons him ; the constable, however, persisted in arresting him. Mona- ghan then asked to be allowed to go to his house, a few yards off, to get Bomo money to bail himself out, but this the constable refused to permit. Monaghan declined to go to the I lock-up, and a struggle enBued, in which the constable got his clothes torn and was bitten in the face. Constable Fitzpatrick happened to pass, and naturally enough ho vent to the assistance of Constable Reardon, He also got his uniform considerably da- maged. Mrs. Monaghan created a diversion in favour of her husband by pulling the ' constable's hair during tho scufllo. A third constable came by, and to him Monaghan surrendered. The Bench con sideied the assault on House proved, and for it Monaghan was fined 20s. A socond charge, for assaulting the constables and tearing their uniform, was considered much more serious, and for this offence Monaghan was adjudged to pay a fine of £5, with -0s. damages, to Reardon, and 45s. damages to Fitzpatrick, with _2s, costs. Mr. Sturt, P.M., read the prisoner a lecture on the im- propriety of resisting the police, and stated, in reply to an application for a modification of the fme,'that had itrnot boen for the long service of the defondant in Government em i Poy the fine would have been double. Mrs. Monaghan was charged with assaulting the constables in the execution of their duty, but the case was not gone into, and she was discharged. A man named William Robshaw was arrested yesterday evening by Detective Christie, on a charge of uttering a forged order to Messrs. B. and M. Keogh, whole- sale druggists, Latrobe-street. The order purported to be signed by a chemist in Sandhurst, and was very well made up, only suspicion was aroused by the fact that all the articles ordered were such as could be cosily disposed of. A hint was given to the detectives, and the prisoner was arrested. Ho was formerly dispensing sergeant to the 40th Regiment, and has convictions recorded against him in Victoria and New South Wales. Chinese gambling-houses are not, it ap- pears, to be limited to the savoury purlieus of Little Bourke-street, but are to extend into the suburbs. Very recently, we are in- formed, one of these establishments has been opened in Victoria-street, Hotham, in the vicinity of a respectable hotel, and already its baneful presence has been felt in the neighbourhood. A visit from the police might be attended with beneficial results by nipping in the bud these hotbeds of larrikinism. Five youths, named John W. Hammond, James M'Gowan, Joseph M'Hugh, Martin Pash, and Thomas Hannan, whose ages varied from about 16 to 20 years, were brought up at the Sandridge Police Court yesterday for insulting behaviour. The offence which the boys were alleged to have committed was assaulting two French sailors by throwing stones at them on the evening of Christmas Day. The two sailors had left the colony in the ship to which they were attached, and their evidence could not be taken yesterday, but from the testimony of other witnesses it appeared that the defendants had used insulting lan- guage to the sailors, and then pelted them with stones, until assistance was obtained and some of the youths were arrested. The defence was that the sailors had at- tacked tho youths in the first in- stance by throwing stones at them. There was, however, only their own statements in support of such an improbable story. The Bench, consisting of Messrs. Mollison and Leigh, said that as the Legislature had provided a special section to punish persons throwing stones they thought the defendants ought to have been charged with that offence. They therefore dismissed the case without expressing any opinion as to its merits, and left it to the police to decide whether they would go on with it again in another form. A case baring reference to the question of whether a railway is a public place was de- cided yesterday in the Sandridge Police Court, James Law, a cabman, had been summoned In the previous week for leaving his horse and vehicle unprotected in the yard or reserve of the Sandridge station, and Mr, Harcourt, who appeared for him, urged that the place was not a public one within the meaning of the act. Mr. Mollison, P.M., adjourned the case to consider the point raised, and he yesterday decided that the reserve was such a public place as came within the meaning of the act ; he therefore imposed a fine of 10s., and 2s. 6d. costs, on Law. Another old colonist has passed away from our midst—Mr. Algernon B. Lindsey, who died at Williamstown on the 1st inst., at the advanced age of 63 years. Mr. Lindsey, who was a native of London, came to Wil- liamstown in the year 1840, where he con tinued to live until his death. His urbane and kindly disposition made him beloved by all with whom he came into contact. His remains were interred in the local cemetery on Sunday last, and were followed to the grave by one of the largest and most in- fluential private processions that has ever been seen in Williamstown. The Rev. G. Wilkinson, of Trinity Church, officiated. Some very ugly rumours, says the Mary- borough Advertiser, have been in circulation during the last few days concerning the private monetary transactions of a deceased gentleman who held a high position in this town. Matters are said to have come to light of a very painful character. An inves- tigation into the affair for the satisfaction of the parties interested will probably take place. "Not for the last 10 years," writes the Smythesdale correspondent of the Ballarat Star, "has the atmosphere in this locality been so stilling from the smoke of bush fires as it has been sinco,Now Year's Day. Several places in this district have narrowly escaped being burned down. On Friday night Ser- geant Wigmore, assisted by the other police and many of the local residents, had to use the most strenuous exertions in order to prevent the bush fire from burning down the local powder-magazine. During the time the sergeant was thus engaged he fell down one of the numerous shallow holes in the vici- nity, and was very severely hurt, The same night, and also on Saturday, Mrs. Wilson's cottage, in the bush, near Smythesdale, was1 only saved by the exertions of 30 or 40 people, assisted by the police. The flames, which were described as terrific, were within a tew yards of the building. Mr. Jas.Wrigley's place was also saved by great exertions on the part of many people ; and the premises of several others were stated to have been in great danger. The bush fires have been making fearful devastation during the past few days on the western ranges between Smythesdale and Carngham, extending from Haddon southwards for four or five miles. On Friday the residence of Mr. R. H. Lock, at Nintingbool, had a very narrow escape from destruction, as the wind setting sud- denly in the direction of his house, brought the wall of fire down with a rush and a roar quite terrific. Owing to the promptitude of his neighbours, who kindly rushed to the rescue, the house was saved, but only by the most vigorous efforts, after the stables and outbuildings had repeatedly become ignited. The insatiate element has made considerable havoc with the timber in Darlot's paddock. A goodly number of Chinese came to lend a helping hand." The Albury Banner of Saturday says :-" A most extraoidinary charge was preferred on Wednesday last, at the Albury Police Court, against three children, a boy and two girls, aged respectively 13, 12, and 10 years. Ac cording to the prosecutor's testimony, ho called at the house of James Clarke, of Sandy Creek, on the morning of the 26th ult., and asked for a glass of wine. After being sei ved with the wine, ho alleges that ho remained for some hours, and then pro. posed to resume his journey, with this view asking for his swag. Being told that his swag wob down on the bank of the creek, he states that he went to get it, and on the road was set upon by the three children, lassoed with a rope, throwu down, robbed, and then severely kicked by the boy. The decision of the Bench in this case having been postponed, we forbear further comment for the present." A correspondent sends us the following hint for street tree-planting, taken from au English paper :-" The experiment made in planting Berkeley-square with plane trees, which look delightfully fresh and green, has succeeded so well that it might bo repeated in other squares and streets. The plane tree, it is generally allowed, is bettor adapted for city ornamentation than tho beech, the oak, or the elm, as it possesses an amount of hardy vitality which enables it to retain its greenness amid conditions that are somewhat unfavourable to the full development of vegetable life. If rows of plane trees were planted in the new Queen Victoria-street, along the whole length of which from the Mansion-house to Blackfriars splendid buildings &iO; being erected, it would soon become one of the most popular and im- posing thoroughfares in the metropolis," The ffonolulu Commercial Advertiser of November 8 says :-" The following is an extract of a letter co the Rev. J. F. Pogue of this city from the Rev. S. J. Whitmco, Mis- sionary of the London Mission Society at Samoa, dated October 4, 1873 :-' Colonel Steinberger, the U.S. Commissioner, kindly undertakes to convey letters for me to Hono- lulu and San Francisco, and by him I shall send this. I have seen a good deal of him during his stay at Samoa, and feel rather pleased at the view he takes of matters affecting these islands. His visit has done much good to the natives. The request for a United States Protectorate has beon unanimously renewed, and in the hope of getting it a Provisional Government has been formed by the natives, and Jaws estab- lished. We look with very great interest on tliis movement. It meets with our hearty assent. We shall welcome a United States Protectorate over the islands as, under the Divine blessing, the means of the conserva- tion of the Samoan people, and of their future progress. The islands have nover been in so hopeful a condition, socially and politically. May God grant that the outward prosperity may be the forerunner of real spiritual prosperity. We are hard at work repairing the breaches made during the war, but our number is too small for what we have to do. Should the Protectorate bo established, as we believe it will be, wo may hope for more frequent communication be- tween the Sandwich Islands and Samoa." In an article on the past year's telegra- phic business of South Australia, the Register observes-"The results on the International line do not afford much room for comparison, as the through traffic did not begin until 21st October, 1872. From that date until the end of the year the number of messages was 1,785, and South Australia's share of the earnings amounted to £2.274 3s. It is manifestly unfair to contrast the results of a whole year of steady busiuess with those attending the sensational period of the first opening of .telegraphic communication with Eu- rope, and it is therefore satisfactory to find that the year's returns do not suffer by such a comparison. From October 21st to December 31st, both days inclusive, is exactly one-fifth of a year. Assuming, then, that the rates of that exceptional period had been maintained for a whole twelvemonth, we should have had a total of 8,925 messages to contrast with the 9,061 messages that passed in 1873, and South Australia's earn- ings would have been £11,370 to contrast with £12.039. This does not show any very marked improvement, but for reasons already stated we look upon it as giving decided pro- mise of future progress." 'A "French Claimant" is thus written about by the Pall Mau Gazette:-" The troubles of the French nation are mainfold the war with Germany, tho Commune, dis- cord in the Assembly, the Bazaine court martial, and other evils to which it is unne- cessary here to allude. Wo learn with feel- ings of the deepest sympathy for the suffer- ings yet in store for them, that they are upon the eve of what the Paris Figaro terms ' Our Tichborne Case.' Such intelligence cannot fail to have an alarming effect upon their highly-wrought sensibilities. That journal asserts that a lawsuit has been com- menced by a young man claiming to be the representative of one of the oldest French families, who was at one time an ornament of Paris society. The only son of a widowed mother, he volun- teered to servo during the war ¡ this is ad- mitted on both sides. He was, however, among the missing at one of the battles round Orleans, and as no news could be obtained of his having beon made prisoner, his mother, after making every inquiry and awaiting the return of all the captives, gave him up for dead. Last year she received a communication from Germany to the effect that her son had beon taken prisoner, but that he had lost his reason and was in a lunatic asylum near Minden. It was added that he was gradually recovering, upon which the mother begged that he might be brought to Paris, that she might have him under her care. Upon his arrival she found herself in the presence of a man in whose scarred and mutilated visage she could recog- nise no feature of her son. In fact, she repu- diated him altogether, and acted in concert with her nephews and nieces to resist his claim. Soon after tho case had been entered for trial, the supposed mother was induced, consequent upon facts which 'the claimant' had revealed to her, to change her mind altogether, and she has clasped to her breast the long-lost son. But the other relations will not give way, and hence a law-suit." Regarding the rice prospects in Bengal, the Times of India of November 24 says : "The latest crop reports from Bengal state that generally there is no change for the better. In Patna they are getting worse. In the chief districts of Orissa the general prospects are good. The Bengal Govern ment has issued a circular to all commis- sioners, magistrates, and collectors, stating that the extreme failure of the crops will probably be confined to the Patna and Bhaugulpore divisions, excepting Son thai pergunnahs, also districts in Dinage pore, Rungporc, Bogra, and parts of Raj sbaye, Maldab, and Moorshedabad in the Rajshaye division. In the above districts the whole yield of the crops will probably be below six annas. In some other districts1 relief works will probably bo required later. In the distressed districts where relief works have already commenced, Government has directed district officers to despatch weekly a narrative statement from the district giving particulars respecting relief works; and other matters connected with scarcity' and relief." 'Australia Felix" continues to draw large1 numbers to the Opera-houBe every night. The umbrella song, "Rain, rain, go away," is very popular. This pantomime is over in good time. There was not a very large attendance at1 the Princess's Theatre last night, hut the athletic performances of Lottie and her troupe wore fully appreciated by those who were present. Lottie will take her benefit on Thursday night. There is no sign of any abatement of the popularity of the Theatre Royal pantomime. Last night the house was again crowded, and the audience, as usual, was delighted with the entertainment. We have received 10s. from Mr. W. H, Giesbam for the Mill Testimonial Fund. The first number of the Kilmore Standard. a journal which appears to merit the support of the district, has reached us. Wo have received from Messrs. Mayall and Sons, of the Eastern Arcade, photographs of Captain Warren, R.E., lately in chargo of the oxcavations at Jerusalem on behalf of the Palestine Exploration Society. The photographs were taken by the Messrs. Mayall, of Brighton, England, and appear to bo vory good ones. A pic-nic was held at Mordialloc on Satur- day last by the employés of Mr. G. J. Bar thold, clothing manufacturer. The catering was entrusted to Mr. Bloxsidgo, audit is need- less to say everything was provided in that gentleman's best stylo. At dinner, amongst other toasts, tho health of Mr. T. Simcoe, tbe promoter of the picnic, was proposed and heartily responded to. Amusemontsofevory description were provided, and a most plea- sant day was spent. 