TOWN TALK. The electoral registrars for Ballarat are giving timely notice of the compilation of the supplementary rolls. We trust the same class of officers will be equally prompt in this district. The near approach of a general election will give unusual interest to the present supplementary rolls. Those whose names are omitted from the rate payers' roll, and who hitherto have not taken out electoral rights, will now have an opportunity of rectifying the omission. We learn that a numerously signed re quisition will be presented to Mr Peters in the course oe a few days requesting him to stand for Geelong West when, should he consent, it is intended by the committee not to coalesce with or oppose any other candidate, but let Mr Peters stand or fall on his own merits. Election matters were well discussed on Saturday, and there was quite a diversity of opinion abont what would be the result of the contest for South Grant. Some thought the three old members would be returned, others that at least two of them would go to the wall, many that Mr Levien would be at the top of the poll, and others again that Mr Cunningham would occupy that coveted position. It was evident that one of the new candidates, Mr A. C. Macdonald, was not allowing the graBB to grow under bis feet, and that be and Mr Levien would stand very well at that political centre, Ceres, Mr Levien being very strong there as well aB in other of the agricultural portions of the country. Mr Lalor is said to be hard at work. Mi Hole, the livery stable-keeper, had, it wa Baid, been sending out circulars to tb electors, asking them to support Mr J. I. Hopkins; and the Orangemen, to a mat, would, it wa*\averred, go for Mr Cunninl- ] ham, who his/also been doing businessin his own peculiar quiet manner. Mr Ar. Stirling has not yet commenced the fi;ht, j and his address, the issue of which, if he really intends to stand, should not bede layed, islooked forward to with some anxety. Coming nearer home,much surprise hasaeen expressed that the requisition so nuner ously signed requesting Mr Belchr to come forward for Geelong East ha not been presented, or if it has, that that gentleman has vouchsafed no reply. This is not fair to the burgesses who signtd the requisition, and the sooner the mitter is settled one way or the other the hater will they be pleased. If Mr Belcher ioes not come forward Mr Burr >w is sureto do so, and Messrs Laughome, Kernot, aid Con nor are also mentioned as probabe candi dates, although it is more likely the last named will again woo the elector) of Pol warth and Grenville. j The probability of the AIL England Eleven visiting Geelong induce; an excel lent attendance on the Cora Cricket Ground on Saturday, when sides were chosen by Messrs J. Highett aid E. Wills. The wicket, however, was 10 execrable that good battiog was positively not to be thought of; the ground at Stawell could hardly have been worse, and the want of rain caused the whole of the oval to pre sent a bare and parched appearmce. The result of the match was that Mr Wills's side made 34, and Mr Highett's33, Yeitch making 9, the top score odtfilr Villa's side, and Jos. Highett 13, the top score in his own. L. Whyte made 8 before he waseaught off Cullin, he also displayed some grod field ing, bnt in this department of the game Dwyer made himself most conspbuous by his excellent loDgstopping. E. Mills, Cul lin, and Joseph Highett bowled well, and were much favored by the groind. On Saturday next the first eleven will have to play against fifteen from Bellarim for the Western District Challenge Cu;, when, if the wicket is as bumpy as that in Satur day, they will have a poor show with bo many in the field. The representatives of Corio will be Chater, Cullen, Dickenson, Dwyer, Francis, M'Auley, Osborne, Rip pon, Rose, Yeitch, and Wills; eaereency, E. Lennon, Rushbrook, Blair, L. Whyte. It will be seen that the match committee have been much crippled in their selection by the absence of the promising young players belonging to the Gramtnai School and College, and as the absence of the veteran Wills is to be feared, owing to his engagements to play against the English eleven, the Corio team will have to strain every nerve to avert a defeat. Good prac tice wickets will be prepared for every evening this week, and it is hoped that the membera of the team, and more espe cially the emergency men, will avail them selves of these, as the bowling of Willey and his companions will require their greatest skill and patience to play it effec tually. On Saturday afternoon there were various evidences of a change in the weather. The tides were about six inches lower than usual, aud in consequence some of the works on the beach, which had to be suspended for a considerable time past, were able to be resumed. Shortly after mid-day the indications of an impending storm became plainly discernible. The mercury in the barometer fell several degrees, and a thick haze, so dense that many persons ascribed it to bush-fires, ascended from every point of the horizon. During the afternoon the wind blew in gusts, but the temperature was oppressive. Towards evening it calmed down, and appeared more settled. Yesterday morn ing the sun shone out, and the forenoon was close and warm. As the afternoon advanced, however, the sky became omin ously overcast, and by and bye a steady downpour of rain ensued. Showers fell at frequent intervals during the rest of the evening, and the change has been welcomed by everyone, particularly as the want of water was fa?t becoming a subject of general complaint in town and country. The late fire at Drysdale has induced some of the insurance agents of Geelong to visit the locality with the view of in ducing the inhabitants to insure, and in some two or three cases they have succeeded, and more are talking of doing so. It is to be hoped they will not delay it too long. The conduct of some of the members of congregation at St. Paul's Church yester day morning, was such as to elicit a stern rebuke from the reverend incumbent, who said if he again saw them misbehaving themselves he would call them by name from the pulpit, as both verbally ;and by writing he had begged of them to show a greater decorum. The parties who elicited these remarks are said to have been sitting very near indeed to the choir, and are not of the genu9 larrikin, but old enough to know a great deal better. This is the second occasion within the last month that the officiating clergyman has been obliged to stop in the midst of his official duties to speak to thpra, they not knowing how to behave themselves, even when a stranger, the Rev. H. B. Macartney, was the offi ciating minister. _ OwnerB of dogs are reminded that as the time for registering these animals expires on the 17th inst., the inspector will enforce the law against all who may be fonnd in fringing its provisions after that date. About ten o'clock on Saturday evening the residents of Corio-street were treated to what is fortunately in this part of the colony a rare kind of entertainment. A quarrel arose between two well-known dis reputable females named Stewart and Sul liyao, and a crowd upeedily collected wowd tie two disputants, who indulged in lan giage of a most obscene and offensive des ciption. As is usual in such cases, from vorda the conflict developed into blows, aid in a short time rf ring was cleared and apugilistic encounter took place between tb two amazons. To the dismay, however, olthose who were enjoying the spectacle, Onstable Rahilly eventually appeared on tb scene, and the curtain suddenly fell as tb principal offender, Janet Stewart, was injoriously marched to the watchhouse, frm whence she will emerge this morning togive an account of her conduct before tb bench. The advent of a formidable army of lousts at the Duck Ponds some few weekB a?) gave rise to some moat ludicrous inci dats. A farmer—whose name we will wihhold—had his crops still standing when thy made their appearance. Fortunately tbi locusts were young and could not rise suficiently to damage his grain, but they maie a most disastrous impressioD on his graing paddocks. Our friend, being a cool calculating Scotchman, watched the progess of the invaders with the eye of an old jeneral, aDd speedily began revolving in hs mind what agent would be the like liest ;o effect their destruction. With dis may, te perceived that they were cutting broid tracks across his meadows, leaving the suface as bare of vegetetion as the top of an dd macadamised road, and if any thing res to be done no time had to be lost. 1 Jean," said he, addressing his better-hlf in a most peremptory manner, " get tbi big boiler on the fire filled with water, aid let me have it scalding as quickly as possibe." His wishes were quickly com plied win, and with a watering-can full,of boiling vater the farmer started to deal destructcm to his puny adversaries. But bis endavors were useless, and he found that mthing less than a caldron as large as the Brwon River would be sufficient to cope ritb the evil. The boiler and water ing-cm were abandoned, and next the fieidroller was called into requisition, but afte- an hour's rolling with an excellent tfam of horses it was found that the locusts vere far too active, and defied ail endeavors ti crush them. Exhausted aud fatigued rith his efforts, the farmer had to return lomewards, leaving his pastures to inevi able and unavoidable destruction. This evening that well-known opera " Mose in Egitto," which has created such a furore in musical circles throughout the [ world, will be produced by the Royal Italian Opera Company, at the Mechanics' Institute, in a style never .before seen in Geelong, as the whole of the members of the chorus are to accompany the principals, and the requisite scenery has been brought down from Melbourne and Ballarat. The plan of the hall is on view at Mr H. Franks', and judging by the manner\n which seats were being reserved on Siturday, the dress^ circle will t£is eVening present a sight "Worth" Beeing, and those who wish to secure ad mittance to it should certainly make early application, or they will probably be dis appointed. Another wonderful day's fishing is re ported as having been obtained at Bream Creek, where, in one day, four rods being used, six hundred bream were brought to land. Many of these were so small that they were returned to the stream; some of the fish, however, were of good size. It ib said that netting is still carried on in several of our most favorite fishing streams. We do not know whether this be (rue, but it is a pity sport that draws so many visitors to Geelong should be allowed to be destroyed wholesale. Boys who use those mischievious and dangerous toys, shanghais, would appear to be no respectors of places, having broken no fewer than nine panes of glass in the windows of St. Paul's Church within the last few days. It is a pity a few of the youngsters who thus amuse themselves cannot be caught and made an example of. The examination that candidates for cer tificates of competency as engineers and surveyors under Shire and Borough Sta tutes have to undergo must either be a very difficult one, or else some of'tbem 'must be ignorant. In Friday's Gazette the ex aminers "regret having to intimate to the candidates who were present at the exami nation held on the 5th, 6th, and 7th of August last, that none of the papers sent in are considered of sufficient merit to war rant the issue of a certificate." A large bush fire was again burning on Friday evening between Drysdale and Queenscliffe. Surely all the feed round that part of the country must be pretty well all burnt by this time, as an illumina tion has been visible from Drysdale nearly every evening for the last two or three weeks. A downcast and dirty looking man named George Palmer, aged 28, was brought before the bench on Saturday, charged with indecently exposing himself in the presence of families on the Eastern Beach. The evidence was of a most con clusive 'character. For several weeks past complaints had been made by ladies fre quenting the beach and visiting the Eastern baths of Jhe annoyance to which tbey had been subjected by the beastly conduct of a person who kept prowling abont the neighborhood. About a month ago Mr Searle, the superintendent of the East ern baths, observed the prisoner hang ing about the entrance to the baths, and shortly afterwards heard that some women and children had been annoyed by the disgusting conduct of a man in the vicinity. Mr Searle communicated the facts to the police, and gave a description of the prisoner, but although a vigilant watch was kept, and the offence in the meantime bad been repeated on different occasions, all efforts to detect him in flagrante delicto failed till Friday last. On that morning about 8 o'clock Mr Searle recognised the man on whom his suspicions had originally fallen following a group of children who were gathering shells and amusing them selves wading in the surf. Shortly after wards the prisoner ascended the cliffs1 and remained lounging about the slopes. With the aid of a t lescope Mr Searle kept a watch on his movements, and about ten o'clock, just as some females were passing, be had his suspicions confirmed by the man's obscene conduct. Constable Band, who was on the Yarra-street wharf at the time, was hailed and at once started in pursuit. Palmer took to bis heels, and oniy after an exciting chase of two miles and having been fairly run down, was he captured. The Mayor, who together with Mr Panton, P.M, Major Heath, and Mr Adcock, presided on the bench, personally thanked Mr Searle for his conduct, and re marked that the thanks of the community were due to him for having brought such a scoundrel to justice. The prisoner was then informed that the bench were deter mined to make a severe example of him, and that he was sentenced to six months imprisonment with hard labor, with the addition of 25 lashes to be administered during the first week. On hearing the latter portion of his sentence the pri soner, who had been cool and collected throughout, appeared to be horror struck. His legs bent under him, and he had to he assisted by several constables into the ad joining cell, when he struggled, moaned and whined, and eventually stretched' himself on his back as in a fit. Water was called for, but before the cooling applica tion had reached him, he had sufficiently recovered to reach his seat, where he con tinned to sod and whine, evidently over come with the severity of his punishment. He was subsequently conveyed to the gaol where ri is believed the infliction ot the » a°n ,a ,dose of tard labor with light diet will help to produce a beneficial change in his moral as well as physical constitu tion. ' borne statistics of an interesting charac ter concerning the Geelong Hospital have been furnished. These shew that during the past year the sum of £1045 Is has been expended in new buildings, and £637 14s 6d in general repairs to the main buildings, drainage, See. The number of •°®ates '0 1872 showed on average of 170 9-10, and in 1873 167. The cost per head for the two years respectively was as follows, viz Maintenance, J.872, £25 5s 2d ; 1873, £25 8s Id. Salaries and wages, i 1872, £7 lis 5d; 1873, £8 13s 4d. Ex tras, 1872, £2 17a 5d; 1873, £2 Oa 7d. » Medisiaes, 1872, £12g 8d ? 1873, lis id, Prom this it -will be seen that while there has been a Blight increase in the expendi ture, in proportion to the number of patients, for salaries, wages, and mainte nance, the cost for extras has been reduced nearly one-third, and for medicines to about one-half of the preceding year., The concluding meeting in connection with the week of prayer throughout the world was held at the Mechanics Institute last evening, notwithstanding theunfavour able state of the weather, there was a.very numerous attendance. The Rev. P. C. Ussher presided, and read several passages of Scripture. The Revs. A. J. Campbell, W. C- Banning, J. D. Robertson, and Moss were likewise on the platform, and offered up prayers during the evening. An elo quent address was delivered by tbe Rev. T- E- Ick on the subject chosen for the evening's services, viz:—"Prayer for the revival of the Faith and Spiritual Life of all Australian Christians, and for the Coming of Christ's Universal and Everlast ing Kingdom." He remarked that although the last, the meeting was not the least im portant of those placed on the programme. The church in Victoria was not as it might and should be, there was ample room for improvement. He alluded to the immi grant's experiences—the absence of oppor tunity for religious improvement and the many temptations to which he was exposed, all calculated to weaken the Christian b >nds fostered in the old country under more favorable circumstances. He then proceeded to refer to the great amount of sin which pervaded the Church, and the various demoralising influences that had tt» be constantly contended against, all anta gonistic to the growth and spread of spiri tual life. Not oply did the unconverted heathen of foreign lands abound, but there i existed almost within the pale of the church the home heathen—the infidel and the edu cated sceptic. To meet these destructive powers it was necessary that the church should be fully alive to its interests, and he trusted that each Chris tian would go energetically to work, striving to bring about a glorious re vival such as would leave behind it & lasting impression throughout the length and breadth of the land. _ Appropriate ! hymns were sung, a collection was made, and the proceedings terminated. Smith's English and Continental Star Artists are announced to appear shortly at the Mechanics'InstitiA. The performers have had an excellent reception in Mel bourne, where their entertainment appear* | to have given the highest satisfaction. The tradespeople of Warrnambool cer , fainly mean to do all they can to render the All England cricket match there * great financial success, as they announce they will close their places of business at oneo'clock every day during the continuance of the match. The people of the district hare also subscribed £200 towards the expense* of the match, so that it is no longer a wonder the cricketers of Warrnambool j should have been able to go in for a visit trom Mr Grace and his merrie men. On Saturday evening the meeting in I connection with tha week of prayer wa» | held at. the Chilweil Wesleyan Church, i There was a good attendance, and an effective address on the better observance of the Lord's day was given by the Rev. F.P.Strickland. Appropriate hymns were j sung daring the evening. Members of the Mechanics' Institute are • reminded tbat the annual meeting take* place on Wednesday evening. The outgoing mail via Sydney and Saa Francisco has been postponed until Wed nesday next, when it will be made up for the City of Adelaide. A cricket match is to be played at Diya-1 dale on Saturday next between the Drya dale and tbe Portarlington clubs, and oil the same day a match will be played be tween tbe Rellarine and the Queenscliffs * clubs. The following agricultural and pastoral information has been supplied by our In 1 verleigh correspondent:—"Our farmers are all busy threshing out their corn, and the results so far have been very favorable. Mr Wishart had 8 bags of barley, 20 bushels of wheat, and 18 of oats to tha acre, whilst Mr Firth, who farms a portion of the Ellingerin Estate, secured an aver age of about 40 bushels of English bariey to the acre; aud Messrs Read, Wilcambe, and Firth will have fully 23 bushels of wheat to the aore, the purple straw variety being the most prolific. On the War rarabine Creek, Mr Fyfe threshed out on Monday. He had 73 bags of white Tuscan and Adelaide wheat as the produce of seventeen acres of land that hsd been' lallowed the year before, he also obtained thirty bags of Canadian bats from five acres, and seventeen bags of Cape bar ley from a similar acreage. Mr Love, for Mr A. M. Campbell, reports having threshed fifteen bushels of wheat and six teen bushels of oats per acre, and by every farmer the wheat is reported to be of first rate quality. Oats are said to be fair, barley good, but middling, peas but a poor crop, and mangolds, for want of rain, almost a failure. The grass is as dry a* 'tinier, and care must be taken against the ■ careless use of fire, or the consequences will be terrible. On Monday last the grass oa the Hon. It. C. Hope's estate was set fir* to. About an hour after it started fifty people were there trying to put it out, bat before they could do so 1200 acres of splen did pasture had been burned. The locnst* are not quite so bad as they were a week or so ago ; some are yet to be seen hopping about, but hopes are entertained that they are going atvay for good. Some days ago I saw 500 crows enjoying a feed of locust*, and that they destroy a great many of these pests is certain." The Chilweil State School will be re | opened this morning, and not next Mon j day, as advertised on Saturday. We have received the first number of * now journal, styled the Fitzroy and Col Iingwood Independent. It is creditably got up, and indicates judicious manage ment. We are in receipt of No. 6 of the 'Poi sum. There is still plenty of room for improvement in the essential feature of such a publication. It has been arranged that the second cricket match of the All-England Eleven v Victoria shall be played on the M.C.O. ground on Monday, Tuesday, and Wed nesday, 19th, 20tb, and 21st February. As an instance of tbe manner in which the Victorian revenue suffers at present from the difference in the duties of New South Wales and those of Victoria, we (Age) may mention that yesterday Messr* Bergboff and Touzell received five cases of Sydney-made cigars,"sent from New South Wales across the Murray. The duty now paid on these, as they were made from im ported manufactured tobacco, was Is per pound, which vent into the coffers of the New South Wales Government. Had they been imported here by sea from Sydney the Customs duty upon them would have been 5s per pound. As they have been im ported across the border the Victorian revenue is not enriched by them one farthing. The Telegraph says:—" The Mayor of Clunes is understood to have forwarded to the Crown law officers his defence from the charge of inciting to a breach of the peace in his own district. It is reported that the document is not altogether of a satisfactory character. Some of the allegations are de nied, but the main ones appear to be avaded rather than met." A correspondent to the Collingwood Advertiser supplies'the following notice of two of the victims by the late boat acci dent:—"One of the most touching of tbe incidents arising out of the late Corio Bay calamity wa3 the drowning of the brotber» Jackson. They had been true brothers to each other. From infancy they had been inseparable. They came out in the same ship to this colony, worked, together a* mates at the diggings, retired into private life together, and always went pleasuring in each other's company. And thus, un divided in life, tbey were nqt sundered in death, for they were drowned and buried together; and no funereal train which passed my dqor, of the many that wend their way daily to the General Cemetery, ever evoked .in my breast feelings of jaw? mingled nature: Pleasure in thinking of brothers - being so attached—Pain at the ■ thought of the melancholy surroundings of their simultaneous exit from off this mortal stage." The good lnck met with by the Stawell cricketers has given other villagers the idea that, with the aid of a bad ground, they will be able to hold their own. The Ben digo Advertiser has received a communica tion from a correspondent at Kangaroo Flat, who states that a few cricketers in that lively, locality held a meeting the other night, and determined to write to Mr Bid die, to try and make arrangements for a match with the All-England Eleven. After this the model borough must make a move to tty the fortunes of war on their ground with " the Englishers" With the assistance of Conway, Cosstick, Wills, and a few others, they would make it as hot for Grace and bis team as did the Stawellites; in fact, judging from the per formances of the All England Eleven at Pleasant Creek, there is no reason why every Itttle village club in the colony should not challenge them, aDd have as good a chance of winning, as it all depends on the. ground. The Kyneton Guardian thus calls atten tion to the destruction made by the locusts. The locale is a garden at Fairview, near Kyneton:—" The locusts commenced with the potatoes, from which they stripped every green leaf, leaving the stems abso lutely bare. They next tackled the carrots, which were eaten bare to the ground, and j then proceeded to the turnips and other J vegetables, which they served in like man ner. The lower leaves of the gooseberry bushes and hedge trees were also destroyed. It might have been thonght that onions would have been too strong for their stomachs, bnt such was not the case, the green tcps of a whole bed having been I consumed. It is believed that the locusts | which did this damage must have been bred In the garden, and that their ravages I were committed before they had obtained the use of their wings. According to the Pleasant Creek News, "it is reported that 8 gratuitous insult was \ offered to Mr Grace, or some of his col leagues yesterday, at the grand stand. One of the eleven imagining that here, as | elsewhere, proper courtesy would be shown, was about to seat himself there, while his colleagues were at the wickets, and was j rebuffed by the doorkeeper. We hear that a very ungentlemanly remark was made by the latter individual on the occasion. At all events the spectators showed their I distaste for such ill-breeding and ignorance of the amenities of life by keeping aloof from the stand all day." The Lannceston correspondent of the , Hob&rt; Town Mercury writes:—There were various rumors current to-day as to a I collapse of the hitherto supposed profitable j IIfracombe Iron Company. It was with much regret that I heard these, as we had always been led to expect great things I from this company, whose management has always been cited as a model of | careful and painstaking prudence, and the reports up till quite recently have been of a uniformly favorable character. I am happy to state, however, that the reports as to a collapse are altogether i unfounded, although the fact that opera- ! tions have been temporarily suspended have served to give 6ome colouring of truth to adverse rmnonis. The temporary stoppage of the works seems to have arisen from a cause similar to that which has been the bete' n'oir of others of onr new mineral discoveries—the inexperience in manage ment, and consequent fruitless dissipa tion of; money. It may be recollected that in_ the case of other companies, I sometime ago pointed out the danger which might arise of failure at the out set^ by the harried employment of unex perienced labour, and the expenditure of j money in works which might ultimately prove failures, and suggested that an original ontlay in procuring the aid of experienced men from the iron districts I of England and the continent, might in the end prove the surest econony. One, company, whose operations have now been snspended for some time, have I already adopted this course, and propose ' commencing again on a larger and more I efficient basis of operations. I believe the I original promoters of the Bfracombe Com pany intend adopting a somewhat similar course, and that arrangements are now in process of completion by which the opera tions of the company will be shortly re commenced on a more satisfactory basis. 