PORT CURTIS DISTRICT. August 21. The weather during the last week has been dry, and the roads in general are firm. Water is still abundant, but green feed is becoming scarce. Everything in the shape of pasture looks dry and brown, frequently black. The grass along a considerable portion of the Northern-road has been burnt, and is not again springing up. Patches of cultivation, chiefly crops of oats, are looking well. During the week the temperature has changed, and most probably the cold nights are gone. On Wednesday last a thick miat came off the sea about midday, spreading along the flats and east side of the coast range, a thing aomewhat un usual, and by the weather-wise ia said to indicate broken weather. The feeling of chilliness pro duced was particularly disagreeable, although the indications of the thermometer varied very little ; in fact, in the shade, were scarcely per ceptible. Since then, thunderstorms have been hovering about No stock, so far aa I can hear, is on the road, from or through tim district Occasional im ports of " blood" continue, which no doubt, as they happen, you Bee noticed, but which it is unnecessary for me to refer to unless I have had a chance of personal inspection. In conse quence of an expected revival of mining interests throughout the district, small lots of dairy cattle are in local demand, and these have changed hands at satisfactory prices ; and small holdings and selections are also in request, most of these being preferred in the neighborhood of some of the old diggings, in and around which mineral leases have been either granted or applied for. Most of the parties taking up these selections are supported by foreign capital Cattle are generally very healthy, and for this time of the season are in excellent condition. We have here little or no spring in the ground until about the beginning of the year, but at present there is no prospect of any want of pas ture being felt The large flats are very rough with strong grasses, which, though brown and dry looking, still continue to throw out occasional green shoots half way up the stalk. A remarkable phosphorescent light on the edges of one of these flats was witneeaed a few nights ago. Thia singular appearance is not uncom mon, but is apt to mislead anyone travelling at night who has not before seen it Here and again one sees through the bush, on the edge of the plain, strong lights shining through the trees sufficient to suggest the idea of a reflec tion of a bush-fire, though no light ia reflected on the atmosphere above. At other times, the light looks like that of a camping-ground, some times so confined aa to appear to proceed from a humpy. The steins of the trees are visible from an under light, where no light from the sky could produce that effect, and the light is not constant but flashing, with various degrees of intensity. These localities, examined by day light, disclose many kinds of cryptogamic plants and numerous fungi, adhering to decaying trees. The light is sometimes bothersome to a stranger. August 29. During the last week the weather has been dry, clear, and very cold—equal, indeed, to any thing we have had during the winter. The par tial drying of the country has been followed by what has been observable all thia season at least, viz., deaths amongst cattle from the effects of poison plants. In the particular instance to which I refer, no sporia could be seen upon the ground, but there was plenty of the vine I for merly described. Many cases occurred, though most yielded to a dose of croton oil and epsom salts—l2 drops oil and 4oz. salts took effect The closing of the Central Queensland Meat Preserving Company at Lake Creek (at the end of Last season) haa had little or no influence on prices. Some months ago the establishment at Laurel Bank refused to purchase unless at a re duction of la. per lOOlba. Sellers could not see this, and the premises, in as far as meat- preserv ing ia concerned, were closed about three weeks ago. The boiling down business will, however, be carried on as formerly. Meat-preserving here at the present time is not remunerative. I hear of a good deal more cultivation than usual, and people are beginning to believe in it I have seen potatoes in various parts of the dis trict, the produce of this year's crop, of a quality which could not be excelled. Oats look welL and there is promise of a most abundant fruit crop. 