WATER COMMISSION. The adjourned meeting was held on Wednesday evening, present, Crs Scott (chairman), Russell, Josephs, Lewis, Dodds, Doane, Eastwood, M'Dowall, Ivey, Williams, Brophy, Claxton, Long, and Evering- ham. Correspondence.—From the Local Board of Health, forwarding a recommendation of the city-engineer re defective drainage of the right-of-way on the west side of tlm commission’s office.—Referred to the works committee with power to act. From the Town Council, requesting that water be laid on to the pre mises of the Don Extended Quartz Company.—Com plied with. From the Ballarat Fish Acclimatisation Society, forwarding list of members for the season, also tickets of membership for the commissioners'and secretary. From Dugald Cameron, Bungaree, asking for permission to graze his cattle on the reserve till the grass grew in his paddock, a recent fire having destroyed the old grass.—Refused. From Patrick Lenane, referring to the same fire, stating that the grass in the reserve had communicated the fire to his fences, and did damage to the extent of £lO, for which he wanted compensation.—The writer to be in formed that the commission ignored all liability, and could not comply with the request. From Win. Adamson, Bungaree. claiming £l4O as • compensation for the loss of firewood,' timber, fences, and injury to crop, in consequence of a fire originating in the reserve, where Clark’s saw-mill was, on the loth December.— Similar decision to that in the previous communica tion.- From John Mungovan, Leigh Greek, asking' for permission to use for grazing purposes a portion of tlm reserve, commencing at the south side of the Main North road to the head of the Leigh Greek, and offering to keep the place in order, and paying a small rental.—On the motion of Cr Ivey it was decided to refer the matter to a’sub-committee, consisting of Crs Scott, Lewis, Brophy, Everingham, Ivey, and hPDowall, to consider the advisability of letting the reserves, or portions thereof, for grazing purposes. FromJas. R. Shaw, surveyor, askingif there was any objection to the land adjoining that held by J. Pullin, at Fellmongers’, being taken up under’ the 49th section of Land Act 1869, .reserving a margin along the creek.—Referred to the works committee. From B. W. Walsh, C.E., asking for permission to take out the quantities of the various works ’of the new reservoir for the use of the contractors.—Left in the hands of the chairman. From twenty ratepayers in Bridge street, Sebastopol; and two ratepayers in Howard street, between Havelock and Ligar streets, applying for the water to bo laid on to their premises. —Referred to the' works committee. From Moses Shields, Sebastopol, asking for the remission of rates on certain property.—Referred to the chairman. From Wm. Thomson, secretary, asking for one month’s leave of absence on account of ill- health.—Complied with. Deputation.—Messrs Henry and William Brown were introduced by Cr Eastwood as a deputation on behalf of themselves and residents at the Devil’s Creek and Moorabool. The deputation requested in- | formation as to the steps taken re their claims for compensation, and the intention of the commission respecting their land. The chairman stated that the Government had not replied to the queries of the commission. The commission did not require the land, and they had not the control over it. The depu tation pointed out that the commission had served the residents with notice to discontinue improvements to the land in 1866-7. Cr Everingham spoke at some length in favor of the land being given up wholly to the residents, and that a sub-committee, consisting of himself, and Crs Ivey, Russell, and Eastwood, be ap pointed to confer with the residents and the Commis sioner of Lands, call for papers bearing upon the sub ject, and bring up a report as to the course to be adopted, as to the compensation, &c.;, and to the mode of putting the residents in occupation of the laud. He moved a resolution to that effect. Cr Eastwood seconded the motion, which was carried, it being un derstood that the sub-committee should bring up a report to bo submitted to the commission. Finance Committee’s Report.—l. Recommending the payment of the following accounts:—Board of Land and Works, interest, £3000; do, interest, £l5OO, on two amounts of £50,000 and £25,000 respectively; Robt. M'Robinson, £275; labor in laying pipes, £lO4 14s Id; standpipe-men’s wages, £3; detectives’ wages, £11; labor on reserves, £3l ISs; survey party, Upper Gong Gong, £l9; John Stevenson, £30125; Fishburn and Morton, £S3 10s 4d; Jas. H. Fyfe, £27 12s; Mann and Gosden, £22 13s; A. H. King, £l5 19s 3d; Pawsey, Menzies, and Cos., £1 9s; W. C. Mumby, £2 14s 9d; F. W. Niven, £2 3s 6d; H. Hancock, £2 2s 6d; A. H. Bartlett, £1 ss; deputation expenses. £7; J. Brudnall, los.—Adopted. 2. Recommending that Mr Theophilus Smith’s salary be increased to £lOO per annum.—Adopted. 3. Jic application of the Sebasto pol Borough Council for rebate for water-supply to the Cricket Reserve, recommending that the request bo complied with so as to reduce the charge for the past two years and in future to the rate of £1 per year, and that a meter be kept on to check the con sumption.—-Adopted. . Pishing in the Lake.—The report of the sub committee respecting fishing in Lake Wendouree and the charge for licenses was- merely received. Cr Everingham dissented from- the half-crown charge, and Cr Doane stigmatised it as illegal. WorksCommittee’sßeport.—l. Recommending that mains be laid in Bumbank and Leith streets. 2. Stating that steps would be taken to prevent a short supply of water to the Industrial School in future. 3\. Stating that Mr R. M’Robinson’s offer of £1 per week for three years for the rental of a site at present occupied by him at Fellmongers had been accepted, and recommending that he be paid the balance of his compensation money. 4. Itc valuation of reserves in Bungaree, recommending an appeal, on the grounds that the same was incorrect, unfair, and excessive.— The report was adopted. Chairman’s Report.—The chairman reported that, accompanied by Mr Bagge, the engineer, he had gone to Melbourne and presented the plans of the new reservoir to the Engineer-in-Chief, and on Friday last Mr Gordon stated that he intended to have his report ready on the next day, but it would have to be placed before the Minister of Mines, directly the Minister had seen it a copy of the same would be for warded to the commission. He (the chairman) would be very much disappointed if any material alteration was made in the plans, that was from what he had heard Mr Gordon say. As soon as the report was received a special meeting of the commission would be held. The detectives appointed to stop the wasting of water had done good, the pressure had increased to 20 lb to the square inch. Engineer’s Report.—l. Referring to the various works earned on at the Upper Gong Gong Reservoir, 2\. Stating that the amount of firewood in the re serves on the 7th instant was 1253 tons 29 feet; the quantity removed and sold was 544 tons 49 feet. 3. Stating that the contractors were busy destroying thistles. 4. Stating that the shed in the yard had been completed. 5. Detailing the various works carried on at the reserves. 6. Referring to the bush fires at the reserves, stating that all except one com menced upon farms in the district, and the exception commenced on a road near the Border Saw- mills. No fires had been lit on the reserves with authority. 7. ife depth of water in the reserves, viz.:—Beales’, 11 feet 10 inches; Pincotl’s, 16 feet 2 inches; Kirk’s, 38T0 feet. 8. Referring to the progress made in pipe- laying.—The report was adopted. Collector’s Report,—The report stated the receipts for the month ending Bth January amounted to £949 5s 3d; the amount received during the same period last year was £1157 3s 6d. The revenue for the six months ending 31st ult. was £4958 Is 6d, which in cluded valuation accounts. Ballarat West, £2510 19s 4d; Ballarat East, £1199 2s sd; Sebastopol, £l2B 9s; meters, £899 13s Id; sundries, £219 17s Bd. The consumption of water by mining companies during December was only 2,667,000 gals. Wasting Water,—The detectives employed to stop the practice of wasting water presented a progress report, in which it was stated that those persons on whose premises water was allowed to run to waste were cautioned. It was decided that the reports of the detectives should be referred to the works com mittee. General Business.—ln reply to Cr Lewis, the chair man stated that the swamp- ranger’sduties were to water the young trees, keep the weeds down, and to keep the fence in repair. Cr Eastwood suggested that the commissioners should visit the various government water-works, with the view of obtaining ideas as to the necessary works required. The chairman and several members thought that the matter should be post poned for a fortnight or so. In reply to Cr Josephs, it was stated that eighty-five fish licenses had been issued. Tender.—The tender of Messrs Sims Bros, for the supply of hard and soft wood for twelve months was accepted, the amounts being for hard wood 4s BAd per 100 feet, deal 33s per 100 feet. Motion on Notice.—The motion of Cr Smith, “ That in all cases where the valuation of any property does not exceed £lO, the charge for water- supply shall not exceed 10s per annum,” lapsed in consequence of Cr Smith’s absence. Notice of Motion.—Cr Ivey gave notice that he would move at next meeting that clauses 1,2, 3, and 4 of the report referring to fishing regulations at Lake Wendouree, bearing upon the imposition of a license fee for fishing, and a penalty for non-compli ance, be rescinded. The commission then adjourned. 