RAILWAY EXCURSION. On Saturday last (Boxing-day) the usual annual railway excursion under the auspices of the oddfel- lows of this district took place. The excursion was very successful, between seven and eight hundred persons availing themselves of this mode of passing the holiday. For an hour before the time announced for starting crowds of persons were to be seen wending their way towards the railway-station, and shortly after nine o'clock fifteen carriages (all that were available) were filled to crowding; and with this living freight of people who appeared bent on enjoyment, the train, under the able superintendence of Mr. Craw- ford, the traffic manager, reached its destination, Glenrock, without any mishap. The number of the excursionists wa materially increased at Moorowollen, where tickets had been issued at a third of the ordinary charge. Arrived at Glenrock, the main body of the excur- sionists made their way to a large and convenient shed situated in a paddock on the opposite side of the railway line from Glenrock house, which had been kindly placed at the disposal of the committee by Mr. John Morrice, the proprietor of the estate. The services of the Goulburn volunteer band, which were engaged for the day, were speedily brought into requisition, and for several hours dancing was carried on in the shed with unabated vigour. The dancing arrangements were in the care of Mr J. M. Munoz, and were perfect, nothing but the greatest harmony and good will prevailing throughout. Others of the visitors had their own dancing and luncheon parties under the shelter of the trees; and the votaries of kiss-in-the-ring could also be found enjoying their favourite pastime. In fact throughout the grounds the people generally were to be seen amusing themselves in the way which they thought most agreeable. The weather, though warm was not oppressive, the heat of the sun being somewhat modified by smoke from numerous bush-fires which appeared to be raging further down the line towards Sydney, and a nice breeze blowing from that direction during the day. At one o'clock the committee who had the man- agement of the excursion invited Mr. Teece M.P., Mr. Morrice, and Mr. Crawford to a first-class dinner provided for the occasion by Mr. R. Chapman. The chair was occupied by Mr. W. H Macgowan, secre- tary to the oddfellows' building committee, who had on his right hand Mr Teece M P. and Mr. Craw- ford, and on his left Mr. Morrice. The vice chair was filled by Mr. G Gray, who was supported by prominent members of the order. At the onnelueion of the repeit, the usual loyal tonets of the Q nion, the Prince of Wales, and the rest of the Royal family were proposed by the chairman and drunk with the usual honors. The chairman proposed the Governor and Parliament of Now South Wales, which having beoun duly honoured, Mr. Teoce M.P., as the only member of parliam-nt present on the ncoesin, rieplied. Twelvo months aoo he had replied to a similar tonst under similar ciroitmetances, and he was glad to again moeet the olldfrllowe. At the presetit time i geoeral oleetion was going on throughout the colony, and he hoped the new parliament would he ti better one than its predecseeor. Ho then spoke in flattering terms of the arrangements for the day's pleaeurt, and said they refleoted credit upon the committee of manage ment and on the railway department. Heo thanltod them for the manner in which they received the toast. Tho Ohairman propoeod the Indopendent Order of O-dlellows, WMnchester Unity. The toast having beeoon well received, 1Mr. Goorgo Riohards responded. Their order eloimned to be one of the oldoet, and he wos thanhlul for the way in whioh the tnoat had boon receivoed ie uop ko of the ,groat honetl' goiven by the order to which he belonged ; and conolulod by thunking MLr. T'ete 1 P. for the effort he alwys mdoe to eoocure the the uso of the railway for their excursions, and olne for hin prmsenco there?t. Mr. J. M. Munoz aolo responded, dwelling upon the bunefits to be derived from memberohip of the order. 'Theo next toast proposed by thb ohairman woo Our Guests, with special reference to Messrs. Teece M P., Morrice, and Crawford. Mr. Morrice had always done his best for the oddfollews and was entitled to their gratitude. Thi, tenst having boon onthusinstically received, air. Mnorrioo respond.l. It wua a long time since he had honrd any spoeechmaking, and he had very hille to ?ay. Thy had thanked him for the use of his grounds. They worn welcome to the ueo of thern; and ho way ridyat iall timoes to do all hbe eould for any hbn ilt society. Mr. Crawford also responded, and thanked those prnosnt for the honour they hod done him. 'Th healtht of the visitors was then duly honoured, and Mr. R. Teece in ta nngthy and eloquent spench roeponded. He would likt, tp be consider I rather more thaln u visitor. [tie childhood had heon opent amongst them, and his eorlilnt recollections wore of thetn and their surroundings, lie spoke of the value of bonll it oocietioo and said that in tbe ex'rcios of his prtonuion hi knew of the good done by thbm. The Itholth of till) ladies was proposed by the tch ir. man, nbthnuinolically received, and responded to by M1r. John 'l'rono in eloquent tnrme. DMr. R. T'oero propised the PIres, and spoko in high terms of th pr of the pron of ti, colony genoerlly. Mr. Peard Goulburn Herald), Mr. Mc Gowan (Argus), and Mr. Gray (Evening Post) briefly thanked the audience. Mir. John Teeco proposed the hoolth of Mr. J. Mi. Mlunoz. After the toaet had boon duly honored, Mr. Munoz replied in fooling terms. For twenty- oight yearn that he had been in Goulhurn bu had always done his hbest for the youth of the city. The hoalth of the Host and Hostess was proposed by the chairman, drunkl with onlhusiaem, and duly responded to by Mr. Ohapman. The health of the Ohoirman was then proposed and suitably responded to, nod Ihis portion of the tntertuinmont wlo brought to a close. The band played appropriate airs after ooch toast. A good lint of athletic sports had boon prepared, but very few of the athletes present seemed inclined to take part in thoem, only the followinig haing boon dimponed oft Maiden Plate; 150 yards: first prize, £1; second, 5\. FP.r this there were four entrances, and the event wao won by 11. Cleary, who beat J. Cole by about a dog-n aards. 150 Y1rts' Heledicep; open to all comer; flerst prize, £1: second, 5. Six entered for thi" race, which was a good one, the handicappers (3Mesrs. Jackson, Hockey, and Gray) having succeeded in tringing the competitors well together at the finish, there being arcely a yard between them. King t:on, who r.ceived a handicap of 10 yards, was victo riooe, beating J Cole (8 yards) by ebout a yard. T. Kenann (5 yards) a very good third. Handicep for youths under sixteen; distance 100 yar s; first priz- 12i. 6d.; e-cond so Only four yoethes gae in their names for thi" event, which proved to be a very good contest. W. .Mc Frland (2 yards) proved to be the winner by about sir yards, T. Porsehoune (8 yards), beating J. Loe (scratch) by abeot a couple of yards. We king match, open to ail comers, distance one mile; firs- prize £1; second a.. Nine competitors entered, and the following distances wero allowed them:-J. Black (scratch). J. Noble (15 yards), Lake Chapman (20 yards), J. Chapman (30 yards) J. Percival (30 yard.), W. c or Frlone (60 yor.le), J. Belgrove (70 yards), J. Lee (100 yards), and T. Kenane (140) yards). This was the most interesting -vent of the day and was won by L. Chapman by about twenty yards, Lee second, and T. Kananoe third. Shortly after four o'clock the train arrived on the graund to bring book the excursionirte, and about fre o'clock started for Gooulburn where it arrived safely about an hour afterwards. 