GUSDARBOO. (Fenc o-r peeda) YennmnrT was cron day, end the larrikins were to hare given an aount of their doings, or rather (if they ould) hare defended their condnuct; but at the tim.e for opening the court only one magistrate (tr. A?c?) wars on the booch. and as it required two, he adjoarned the cort till 2.32 p.m. for the purpose of having a second magistrate. }r. Donnelly haring been cmaoned by the C.P.S. to attend; hot at the time, 220 p-m., MIr. A.%k again only took his ant on the heach, and adjourned the o?mrt til the nits hbonr next Wedneday, and anuthorled the C.PS. to ummon the police- magistrate from Qtenbeyan for that day so that the cane might be no longer de tary. Mr. Styles is in Sydney, and of course that is a nfcient eczane'for his ?oun-ttendtne;'amd previous to the latie a-p?oitment tome cases had to be pne.poned if dMr. Style or Mr. A?ck happened to be from home; but when we had a third magirs trate appointed it woo thought there would be no eneeity for pottpoce=ente cv p:utting the country to the texpcoa of getting Lthe P..L frtm Qaeanbeyan; tot it appeers from yerterdey'e pro.dings we are as badly o as ever ; and thooe introe.od were kept dancing in atoeceonDe frm the boor eo~mtnod for np till coon, when the core wes tdjtnraot till 230, when the aome rest:t w-s a:tined at that oo, viz.r , a.:jocrcntnt. There ore o greet many planes be tide, Gcnndroo tit tol er at the b-do of those gentle=o. who zctt tle ho--or of haoing a ben!dle a:ett d to their camee; but the go?rrnment ought to mote it coodi'i:nal before the appointment tiat those who are epn.oted eoold do a certain amnoct of berth doties in their reepe'tive dietrcet, elt they ehoold drop the a?_x on ==mah coveted by a great many. A report his joct been received that a man haa been fonod lying deed in the bt hh between here and Notims. Las:t week word w?s brought tothe poline tiat three poreocewsere caLmpd at the Back Croek on a certain night, and next dy they started for Yms, but were meot on the road minus the tick man. The police then went in cearch, bhot did not find either the one dead or two alive. Tney have gone again to ee atbout it. TY?terday the trustees of the common met and made by-laws for the tame, which are to be duly enforced ss coon as they are written cat. In accordance with law, a meeting of the onm mooers e?ra held on Saturday to appoint truetree. MeFret. T. Both, Cheniman, Stesy., A. Af:ek, W. Affteck, G. Elliott, and J. Booth were nominated ; an'd t"r resuet of the ballot was in favor of the fol lowing:--W. Aleck, Chtecoman, G. Elliott, T. Booth, and A. Af3eck. Our annual jockey club meeting wan held on Tuesday lact; but as the meeting was small, the only bneiness done was the reading of the secretary's and traeurrr'e reports, which chowed a balance from last year of £3 2t. 10t. The day was fixed for the forttcomiog races, viz, 10th March; and the meet ing aijooroed until Siturdoy, 31st, at 5 p.m., whin the election of olhce-bearere and the firing of the programme will takeh plae. Toe contractor for the repairs of the causeway over the ricer is now bury at work, to that we hope ston to again have a good crossing. The alteration of the mail time-table to come in force on Sabbath next will cause os to receive our cormunications three and a-half bhours later tram G(ulourn and Sydney than we do at present, anl also taee away the privilege of replying by return mail on Welnesday as we can do at present, for after toe alteration the up and down mails will moot at the township office. A considerable number of bush.fires are raging all round. The weather it pretty warm. Thrashing Sis the order of the day. 29th January, 1874. 