SOME people can never realise the tact that Government is for the good of all and not for a section. Hencn it is that nt e®«ry turn of e»ents, in every election, we fitd bbis of principles held by various sets of people which are thrust forward upon tbe comma' nitv, as the only tru« remedy lor the diseases of the bodv politic.. Some of these are tbe merest quackeries of political doctors; Mor» rison's pills that can only delay the progress of the patient to a sound state ot health, ft seems to be the idiosyncrasy of a certain set of minds to imagine that the prevailing idea with them, if once brought. from the realm of theory or fancy into that of practice will regenerate the" world. Teetotallers are .much inclined this way, end are content if but their principles can secure a majority to see all other measures of public good shelved. They can take no broad grasp of the question of public good as a whole, but are content to potter around one branch of the whole measure of public good, instead of looking at the whole question and the end of Government in a comprehensive way. Their outlook is' narrowed by a partial reverence for views which, however worthy in themselves, are not the whole, nor by auy means the most considerable proportion of the sum of public policy. Thus pledges are exacted. At the present rime we have as a result of ihe system to which we refer, a.number of sections land parties prepared in every way to sasrifice the common weal. in order to secure tbe prepin derance of their own views—views that they vainly imagine to be superior in every way to all others^ and in no way; to toe conceded Concession Is no word, in their vocabularies. Whilst we have some respect for the eagerness of the teetotallers to securo the Permissive Bill, for thiy have great reason u believe that permissivelegislation-will- morally regenerate:society—we .have none for other bodies wlio . «eek to esaot pledges in order" to ' jjain their ends. 1 One party, indeed, ie deserving of cenBoiW "ifer ^^d^vbnng ' ^o'^iveit the attentiuLof the.ejectors from abroad questions of policy to a narrow., aud, by ooropariBon, inconsiderable fatter. We ,«llude to ihe demand of the -body sitting periodicaiiy in coDfereribeln Mfelboume oin iitatieViW local and «Be tbvir influenoe^fmly io favor of candi-r dates prepared w'support, their views on' tnunioipal govemaifent. : - • While we agree with them in the main point, that endowments and subsidies, shall, as thBy ask, lie we wbolly deprecate Jthe idea ihs this shonld be tsade the test point in the «li iloo. ""' '"'— petty and narrows the event <of a genera? election down to a squabble over municipal grantBf Sorely an election was meant.tr achieve great«r ends than this ? It is witL satisfaction we note ihe broad minded actioi <,F tljelóiflTCjuiioii in refusing 1 to tolerate tht demand. Sincerely do we hope everj othe-, iocalbodyin the colony will administer u similar rebuke to the persons making ib< request. On Thursday, tlie 12th inBtant,the annual pic-nic oftheseholarsof St. Mary's Sunday School, Woodend, was held in a paddock at the, rear of the brewery, kindly lent for the occasion by Mrs Sermon. It was in every way a success—the number of children being larger than usual, the quality and quantity of the refreshments unexceptionable, and the site of the day s enjoyment one than which a better could not have been found. The little folks, atteiided by their teachers, mustered at the church about ten o'clock, and thence proceeded direct to the picground, where they enjoyed themselves mightily till dinner was aunounced, which was done fuli justice to. After this, visitors accumulated fast, who entered heartily into the many games which were started, and the scene during the afternoon was a very pretty one. . ea was partaken of about half-past five, and as the shades of night crept on, the party broke up,having spent a most pleasant day, for which too much praise cannot be accorded to those who promoted and assisted the affair. The All-England Match at Castlemaine.was commenced yesterday. The Castiemaane team went lirst to the wickets and scored 6S, after which the Englishmenwenttothe wickets,andonlyputtogether caughł-on a BAAL LIY Tom xiynn (Kyneton) %Iter scoring 30. It is creditable to Flynn mat he made a score of 8, and succeeded in taking four wickets, thus doing his share in tbe match on. behalf of the local team. The Castlemainians went in for a se cond innings, and two wickets had fallen for 15 when the play closed. The match will be resumed to-day. At ihe Kyneton Police Court on Saturday the prisoner Catherine Mary Britton was charged with the larceny of four pieces of silk, and one chemise, the property of a woman with whom she had been lod ' * It appears the piisonerhad access to the bjx°3 t h e p,i5eoutor and took the things from ^ w a them in her own bag. She was sent w j {or three months. The prisoner .ilatthew - Britton, was placed - • 011 his trial for vagrancy, but remanded until Monday. On the latter day the evidence of Mrs M'Pherson and Mr Cashman were taken, although the accaused was shown to be, great vagabond the Bench could not convict on the charge before the court and discharged him. Messrs Thomson and Weigall were on the Bench. At St. Paul's Church on Sunday sermons were preached morning and evening by his Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne, to crowded congregations. In the afternoon the ordinance of coniirmation was administered to about eighty candidates. Constables Sbanahau and Prior, who were sucessful recently in preventing a very serious beruvua duu and de- , stractive lire occurring on the premises of Mr Geo. I Laver, desire to express their thanks to Mr Laver | and the insurance company interested in the safety of the premises for snms of £3 3s each awarded to them in acknowledgment of the services rendered by J them on the occasion. ( . j ^ . ... . , - r, i At the meeting of the Kynetonshire Council on Saturday a varied amount of business ^srransacted. A resolution was earned that no turfher newly-annexed por ion of Glenlyonshire, the money Raised in which is to be expended within that territory. We call the attention of our contemporary, the Casdemaine Representative, to the unacknowledged paragraphs from the Observer in recent issues. Courtesy demands the usual acknowledgment of extract matter. ( Mr Langton, says a correspondent, is introducing reforms of quite a novel character into the Treasury Department. Under the Civil Service Act, I believe, it is provided that new clerks shall enter at' about £S0 per annum—little enough, it will be admitted, for young gentlemen who have to maintain i s respectable appearance, and whose -characters for integrity must be maintained. Mr Xangton, however, is above the Civil Service Act, and fixes L40 — their remuneration. The same gentleman^ head of the Telegraph Department, and under his rej the wages of messengers have been reduced Unm 15s to 10s <id per week, for about ten hours work per day. Mauy of the lads employed at this service in Melbourne have no parents; and have to live and clothe themselves ńpou their -wages. The conse j quence is that the department is being filled with iads who, to put it ill the mildest language, ought to come -under the compulsory clauses of Mr- Stephen's Education Act. All new men to Ministerial departments play this card, I am informed; • u and if the secret history of the various branches of the public service were written, it would be found p that many Ministers have built up a reputation for economy upon the ineliicienoy of the service that they have been the means of bringing about for their self-glorification. The Age corrrspondent, writing from Gisborne, says:—"The continued drought here is making itself felt upon the country, the feed everywhere and the water in places becoming very scarce. A large bushfire has been raging in the ranges to the north-west for the last day or two. The unexpected calling together of the creditors of Mr Miller, whose mill at BiddeU's Creek jyas lately burnt,; will be attended with considerable hardship upon, the farmers who had wheat "burnt. Mr David Junor, of Burnside, stands, to lose upwards .of £200. In election matters Messrs Kiddell and King are considered safe; and it will lie between'Dr. Madden and Mr Jqlrn Thomas Smith for third place. The chances of Mr Smith, who is presently engaged in feeling the poises of the electors, have been damaged considerably by the appearance of Dr. Madden in the field. Dr. Madden will is all probability be returned, The gold return at Sandhurst for the week is an exceedingly good one, amounting to 9,500 ozs. The calls are not very heavy, £3,015, while the total amount of dividends is magnificent, £29,848 5s 6d, overtopping the calls by £21,833 5s 6d. The Mercury is informed on pretty good authority that most extensive beds of Tripoli, and infusosorial earth, are to be found in the neighborhood of Daylesford. One of the deposits is said to be 100 feet in depth, and it was discovered some years ago while boring for alluvial gold- Tripoli, we presume, is the "infusorial earth " which the unfortunate Mr Reynolds was seeking to manufacture dynamite with. Rumor, observes tbe Age, has been-bnsy for some time past with the names of gentlemen who. arf likely to succeed as Mr T. Higinbotham's locum teiiens during s&at; gentleman's o^cial' visit to Europe. Itwas atone tóme contemplated that ilr Doyne .should have the post, but the choice really lies between Mr Wdls nnd Mr Watson. Mr Wells has always acted as permanent head of the department. ;in die absence of Mr Higinbothain, and he has been in the service longer than Mr -Watson. The'latter -gentleman, however, as engineer of the North-Eastern'line, isin receiptof the as the line under his .direction is in active course of construction. There can hardly be a doubt that Mr Wells, owing to seniority and -the position he has always held, will be appointed as Mr Higinbo tliam's locum tavern. Aprivate teLegram'from Brisbane says that some of Hume's statements are known to be untrue, while others are improbable. Hie has refused to produce tbe journal alleged to be Leichardt's. Daxlkford .Mercury.xegwfet tohear,there is The new halfpenny stamp has 'now been issued, to takethe plaie oT &e; disSgared penny •ones which have been in use for some time past. It is of the same colorastiie'fonręenny etamp, ;aii4 of aneat Sterol "from lie editor -of the Northern DETECTIVE Mjackay returned -from IPIJI -without O'FerraL He says he knows where he can find any any moment ; the, difficulty to be surmounted was that Cacabdu's . government harbours JaU thieves and vagabonds,-;- Q'F&ral; was left under surveillance, and the Seteetive will probably return at once. There seems now- to be no doubt but that the line will be opened to Ararat within the year. The fanners in this vicinity, writes the Ararat Advertiser, think very highly of Chinese labor, as compared with that description of European labor, which Is available for harvesting purposes. The Chinese hands, if not so quick, are thoroughly to be depended upon ; they are not so difficult to please, nor do they require the attendance which the English harvester regards as biB right, and demands ui all cases. Farmers begin to see that it will not pay to keep the men supplied with drink and engage cooks, as many of them have been compelled to do; and in face of the bad yields and the difficulties of obtaining labor, it is the intention of most of them, to enter upon sheep- farming. Many would have taken this course before but for the knowledge that they could obtain the assistance of the Asiatics. It is the intention of the Governor of New South Wales, Sir Hercules Robinson, with Mr Partes aud several hon. igentlemen, to visit Hay and the vast district of Riverina at the opening of the bridge. A farewell luncheon was given to Mr J. C. li. Ogier, who was recently appointed police magistrate at Wood's Point, on Saturday afternoon, by the members of the Yorick Club, of which Mr Ogier has been for many years a prominent member. Judge Cope presided, and proposed in complimentary terms the health of the guest. In the course c Ł t j of his remarks he humorously observed that it was necessary, for the sake of law and order, that the •Yorick Club should keep np the number of its members, as no less than four police magistrates had been chosen from its ranks. Mr Ogier respon- A convict named Henry Francis Morton Desmond escapediromthe penal establishment, WilliamStown, on Sunday morning. The Sydney correspondent of the Argus writes : " We are waiting somewhat impatiently for ^he appearance of Hume in Sydney to determine the truth of his statements about Leichardt. The story is not intrinsically improbable, but yet Hume's statements, even before he was sent- away, always had a very doubtful tone about them, but it is considered certain that Leichardt's- writing coold be identified by persons in Sydney who knew it. Mr Parkes, who was interrogated on the subject, gave the substance of a telegram he had received from Brisbane, which, however, gave no additional information, and said that he would authorise Hume's passage to be paid down to Sydney." telegraphic communication from Adelaide tends to increase the feeling of doubt in reference to Hume's statements. Phillip Gotlieb William Schaefer, grocer, of Bridge road, Richmond, was drowned in the Yarra on Sunday. A fatal accident occurred at the Victorian Railway Station, Spencer-street, on Saturday. A man named John Cotter, a porter, living at Sunbury, while engaged at the Melbourne termMus on Saturday in coupling some carriages, got jammed between . • 7— the , buffers, » and . sustained . - such severe in- . jmes as to necessitate his immediate removal to the Melbourne Hospital. The unfortunate man, i after suffering intense pain, died in about an hour ' after his admission. Mr Patterson, M.L.A., the Mount Alexander Mail states, met with an accident on Friday whilst returning from Tarilta on horseback, near Mr Ker- Campbells Creek. The horse feU and ; ^rformed ^ ^ someIsault. M r patterson , ^ sol£cwliat hur'tj b u t the injuries are of a nature to require only a few day's resi " A most wonderful fish was caught in the Hopkins reports 1.Warmamf/ool Examiner, ou Wednesday, last, by Mr M'Gennan, the boat proprietor, while trawling for shrimps. The fish is about Gin. in length, is of a light brown colour, and has beautiful eyes, with an appearance like pearls below. On the back of the fish is a kind of trellis work, and on his head something like a comb. He has a mouth and several feet similar to a lizard, and on being moved in the shrimp net the fish walked out. i Looking at a work on fishes, we find the j question is as much like the butterfly fish or glennie as anything else, with the exception of the feetj Tlie gajj^ ghire Council, the Bacchus Marsh states, has obtained from the Chief Secrej Gary's Department an official interpretation of the Impounding Act, so far as the fees chargeable for | trespass on other than tillage land are concerned. j According to that interpretation, the maximum fees mentioned in the 11th schedule apply to fenced grass land ; and also, according to the interpretation of the Footscray bench in the case of Derham v Blair, to all fenced or unfenced land not tilled for grain, hay, or grass-seed growing. Consequently the Act appears to stand thus:—Only one penny per head can be charged for the trespass of cattle (including pigs) and one farthing for sheep, upon any land, whether fenced or not, which is not nder " triage." and in the case of animals other than goats, pigs, bulls, -I.' entire horses, the right to impound, even to obtain those paltry tresass fees, only arises after the animals have trespassed forty-eight hours. Consequently a man may wilfully turn his cows or sheep into a neighbour's garden for forty-seven hours, and the latter can obtain absolutely no relief from the Impounding Act, his only remedy being an action to recover damages ; and it can readily be imagined as quite possible that the owner of the cattle may not be worth suing, his very cattle, for instance, being under a bill of sale. And, according to the interrelation of the Act by the Melbourne poundeeper, it is unworkable in respect to his district, as all the expenses of sustenance and advertising are thrown on the poundkeeper, who cannot expect to recoup himself from the sale of the worthless animals usually finding their way to his pound. For this and other reasons the Melbourne pound is to be abolished. The Act may work better than is expected, because extreme cases, such as we instance, will be the exception, and not the role, but at the present it seems to be a sad bungle. 