THE TBMLiST. ; SP| " 1 STRUCTURES Off INSECTS. . Any lover of entomology who has his eyes open ; —and what entomologist' has not — while taking . a ramble through the bush at almost any season of the year, must notice in what a variety of fonns and situations tho habitations of insects in the egg, larva, pupa or image forms, appear. -In i giving an account of some of my observations in ; this direction, I do not purpose making it of. too scientific a nature, but to adapt it generally, so that all who read may understand it. It is dot ; my intentioa to treat of the structures of insects solely, but also of the habits of some in connection I with them, and in some instances to give the con- | elusions I have arrived at, after close observation, as to the reasons for some of their strango proceed ings. The nests of ants are generally of two forms— conical or in the shape of an inverted saucer. The former kind is the smallest and most common, and may bo met with from half an inch to two feet in height. The more numerous species of ants adopt 'tho latter form for their nests, probably because it gives them more sur face room, and admits of a greater number of entrances. The nest of a species of the genus Fonni<5a, common hero, is covered with small brown stones, ranging in size from. that, of the largest shot to a pea. In places where these stones are vory plentiful, the nests aro covered with them to a depth of six inohes or mere ; and where not plentiful, sticks from a. quarter to an inch long are substituted, though not to such a large degree.. One might accountfor the presence of the stones by averringdhat they were obtained whilst excavating their holes ; but what of the sticks, which are not roots? Tnisleads me to the conclusion that they were collected by the ants. and deposited on the snrface of the bed, to make it look as natural as possible. From the above factB-may also bo drawn proofs of tho amazing strength of insects. M. Plateau, ascertained by ; experience that the cockchafer pessesses a power of traction equal ' to fourteen times its own weight, and Donacia nymphte, a beetle, forty- two times. The average weight of one of the : stones carried by the ants, is twenty times that of the insect; so that compared with this the strength of man shrinks into insignificance. An ordinary -sized man instead of drawing 1211b., should draw 2340 lb. Another species, rare here, instead of depositing the earth, Ac., excavated near the mouth of the hole, carries it away to a distance of from six to twelve inches. As the nest of these ants is only found in open situations, such as a road or path, their reason for so doing appears to me to be twofold namely, to avoid de tection, as the dirt wben thrown up in a heap is easily discovered, especially in open places, and so that the stud will not be thrown down the bote again by wind or traffic, being unsheltered. Too white ants, which, build in trees, logs and stumps, form a tunnel of earth, when they requite to pass from one log or tree to another ; as in the case of a tree which was felled , containing numbers of these ants in the hollow. Al-g was cub off the tree, leaving a distance of a few feet between two logs. " This they crossed by constructing a small tunnel or rather archway; undernoath which;lhey passed in safety, free from the raids of other in sects and birds, which are vory fond of them for the purpose of satisfying, the cravings of hunger. Going through the Whipstick, where the late ex tensive. bushfires occurred, on. all sides may bo seen numbers of conical structures from' one to two feet in height, the work , of the above white ants; Some of theso structures are so compact and strongly built' that my efforts, accompanied by a stout stick, were unavailing to lay one low. On open ing the nest it is found to be full of galleries and storehouses, During the fire a great many were de-' vastated, the heat in some cases killing the ants, in others burning the. cones down and. leaving a hole in the ground from one to two feet deep, and again burning the inside entirely out and leaving the outside chtire, like a dome, to the- thickness of an inch. Ho w the fire could get inside of these to burn the. inside cut I could not ascertain, but more strange, the holes were filled with loaves and other debm. These ants also build around stumps,- in time reducing them to one of these conical massed ; but in the Whipstick where these are found there, are no stumps, and the masses must ' be formed ' of material' made by the insects. Another circumstance worth mentioning in connection with ants and their habitations is, that those species which live' under logs, Ac., are generally more timid than those whieh build their nests in the open ground. There are about'twenty species . of ant here, and this applies to nine- tenths of them. But perhaps the most interesting of insect- structures are the cocoons. In some of them the insect undergoes its three 'first stages, egg) larva and chrysalis,, while in others the cocoon is simply made for the latter. Of course everyone kDows about the silkworm, from- the cocoon of which the most costly fabrics are manufactured ; but theraareothers, the productions of insects, which I will notice. No. 1 is .composed of straight sticks an inch or more in length, with two or three longer ones. These are built in the form of a cylinder, m the inside of which is the cocoon, formed of a substance resembling chamois leather, the sticks beinjg glued to this so firmly that to detach one you have often to break open the cocoon, and it is not. very slender. The chamois leather substance terminates at either end in a point, and is hung from a twig by a cord of the same material. . No. 2 is found hanging on bushes and low., shrubs. Like No. 1 it is com- E03ed of an extremely tough substance ; and I ave one so viscous that even after the end was cut the efforts of a strong man were unavailing to open it. : It is sometimes covered with -leaves and sticks and sometimes bare. I have opened a number of these cocoons and have found some empty, some contouning a single blood-red egg, and others a whitish grub with a black bead. The inside i3 filled with a silky, downy white sub stance, which forms a soft lair for tho inhabi tant. No. 3 is an egg-shaped cocoon, which one may often see attached to trees, bark, Ac. It is furnished with a lid, like an acorn, ' which when tho chrysalis arrives at maturity, opens by the pressure of the insect from the inside. - Tho Cynips (Gall-insects) pierce the leaves and branches of bushes, at the same time depositing an egg. The part pierced, in time swells and grows over the egg, which hatches, and the excrescence forms food for the grub until it makes its way out. These galls may be found of all shapes and sizes, soinfi round, some oval, from one-eighth of an inch in diameter to two inches. A species of caterpillar covers itself with a glutinous sub stance and then rolls about on the ground, when the sand, bark, leaves, Ac., adhering to it make it look like a piece of living bark or leaf. Another tunnels a hole in a piece of wood about an inch long. "When it wants to walk it protrndes its head and fore-feet, but on the approach of danger draws them in. again, and. then who would think that a future butterfly had its abode there ? .The mason wasps build mud celts in which they de posit their eggs. Somo time ago I found benealh a piece of wood, which had a cavity facing the earth, one of these nests. It was bail t of'clav, red and white, and as the nearest pipeclay to' the ne'st was at an abandoned shaft fully tbreo hun dred yards away, the wasp or wasps building it must have carried the clay, morsel by momd, that distance. It was attached to the log so firmly (maao'nlike) that. I pould hardly detach it, and in ; doing so disclosed no less than twelve cells, con- I taining larvae, which were enclosed in a reddish semi-transparent substance, so brittle that on the least touch it breaks. What forethought 1 Were the larvae, of the wasp enclosed in a tough caso like the young of the tarantula and spider, they would never bo able to get out. As it is, how ever, the growth of -tho insect seta it free " through city and desert to rovo and roam." The whole nest contained over thirty cells, only two or three of which were vacant. Another species of wasp— a.miner— digs shallow holes in the. sand, .in hot weather, depositing its egg3 and covering them over, while the heat of the sun hatches them. While digging these holes they are very industrious, digging out and throwing away the earth with their hind legs with great dexterity. From the above brief sketch of the habits and structures of insects wa>are led to con template tho wiseness of that Being,, who, whilst He created the insects, also endowed them with instincts of sclf-presorvation, and taught them how to provide for themselves a dwelling, Huntly, . , A. Don. 