NARRABRI. (Froto the Narrabri Herald, Dec.31) About noon on Tuesday, the 22nd instant, one of those violent whirlwinds, which the knowing ones say presage dry weather, came up on the hot northerly wind, at the time blowing, and swept along Maitland-street. Gathering strength as it passed the office of this paper, it took in to the westward, rattled the few odd gums in Dewhirst-street in lively style, passed over the Greyhound garden and yard- in the latter sending up a column of dust with leaves, sticks, old fiats, etc., etc., that, intensifying as it returned to the road, rose by the time it had reached Mr. Goldman's store some hundreds of feet in the air. It broke off at the court-house, when a heavy cloud of dust floated off to the eastward, and there an end. As luck would have it, not a living thing or any easily damageable article stood in the course of this whirler, so that no harm ensued. Old residents say that they never saw a finer example of this phenomenon. On Wednesday, nomination day, the wind blew a perfect hurricane, as in fact it seems to have done pretty well in all places that lay in the track of the storm. At Edgeroi we hear that the force of the wind was so great as to half unroof the woolshed, tearing the sheets of corrugated iron from the battens to which they were bolted, and scattering them far and near ; one sheet being driven over 300 yards hy the gale; and a batten sent whirling aloft, falling end on, drove clean through the sound por- tion of the roof, and fell to the floor. We hear also of other damage having been done, but the particu- lars are not yet to hand. An awkward and painful accident happened here qne dBy hut week to the youngest daughter of Mr. David Carver, a little girl about eight years of age. It appears she was riding on horseback, her father walking by her side, and wishing to go a little faster she started into a canter, when the horse, proving restive, increased its pace. The little sufferer be- came frightened, and eventually fell off. Two deep incisions, one over each temple, are the results On Thursday last, about one p m, Mr Dangar left Narrabri in a four horse trap, driven by Mr James Moore, of Bucklebone On the road to Clay's, when about three and a half to four miles out, Mr Mooie, looking back and observing Mr. Fletcher with a pair of grey's in a light buggy rapidly overhauling him, let out his thong and started bis team off at a ripping pace. All went well till the near wheeler stumbled and fell. It was impossible to pull up, though the break was at once applied, until the poor brute was fairly run over, and the trap all but capsized. On coming to a stop, the fallen horse was extricated from his harness and the wheels, and lot being much the worse for his mishap was put to again, and the journey was resumed The nights' horizon has been lit up during the past week with the reflection of bush-fires in many quarters. Baan Baa run has been burning, the Gundemaine bullock paddock has had the file run over a goodly portion of it, and it took all hands all they knew to get it under; and on Saturday night last there was a bright light in the heavens up Eulah Creek way. The grass is, goodness knows, short enough in supply without its being burned up. Travellers cannot be too careful with their pipe lights, these times ; many a most destructive con- flagration has been caused by the thoughtless dropping of a lighted match, and hundreds on hundreds of acres of valuable feed, the squatters' and selectors' last hope against a season of drought, such as now seems impending, have been thus swept away and lost to them. It is true the earth has been lately so parched, the herbage so dry, and the heat so intense, that spontaneous combustion has not im- possibly started these fires A navy whose only known name was "Scandalous Lanky," died at Narrabri, suddenly, on the 23rd December. 