The Dutch in the East, aud the ruler of j Egypt, have each a small war on hand, but; at the; present ja$ptneut ihp£e--i%r onirNBal; peace with the exceptions named. Still we: can never tell what aday.anay bring forth.; Tee next trans-continental telegram may; announce that war, .has been proclaimed; between some powerful nations. The only, security >rp have against <sugb -a ,-qpDtin-; gency lies in this, that m the northern! hemisphere the season is unfavorable to the' undertaking . . pf . yvariikopgrations. Wei are not to "forget! howevfer' that in the; Franco- German war military operations' were not much affected by the winter, far-j ther than that it added to their difficulty and danger. Turn we our attention to whatever portion of the globe we may, there seems to be trouble ahead. Nations are plotting and counter-plotting against each other, and tbey seem to refrain from open hostilities; not through lack; of desire to have each other by the throats, but from other causes; War now-a-days, is short, sharp; and dociv sive, compared .with what it was at the commencement of; tbe: ceiitiuy. v It cannot be spread over a$ many jngptlisqw .as it fbiroeriy "occupied years." Indeed, m'some cases the dmwtipa of & war, fraught with serious consequenoesj 'hAs been limited to a few days. Of course, itis costly in propor- -tioo, rut only as iards tbe expaiditure of money, but of —war material, ""miff of human life." No.dhdal'th that the most warlike nations' are somewhat afraid to. commence hostile- enterprises of whidr Calculate as niody as they, may, they Can'- not dearly w. fdly count, 'the ; cost. ' The mere inoiiey cost erf "the jjarmedjjeace,50ow so universal, is -dreadful to contemplate. Some 'of tire adhal or avMlaWe armies in Europe are to be countedt only hydhpn- sands or tens of thousands, but by mfHions1; and oven thougfrthe nominal' pay of these srfdiers taay be small; the'mnbecfi" to wbom it must be given makes the outlay large. Over and above ah this, and. tbe oust of clothing, food, and monitions -of year, we have to reckon the ' loss which nations undergo: in withdrawing so many of -"their citizens, in the : prime of life, from indnstrial- jpnrsmts, and convert- mg "them 'rhto' Unimaied'" tnadune6 for motnal slaughter. Spain may possibly hawe a season of qnietness.'and grace," now that Bhe has accepted a new kipg. In any case. Spain is not likely to take any Very promi nent "part in great national: wars for some years, until, at Least, she has recovered from the wasting dvfl -conflict from which she .has juSt emerged. It-is ppBable, however, that though she may not heredf enge in war, she rbay, -te Ptlife1- Franco-Germain" case, be the cause of Abtbers doing so. Erahce is torn in Jedes'byiritenial poli tical parties, -.-bat..- they -- appear to be gradually coming to a better understand ing; and nothing would be so condddve to the obliteration of local feud boundaries as the declaration of war,; especially if against €«many.; Certainly, it would be : sbeer -tnkdness Iot her to - attempt to cope, mngfe-hasded,' with Germany, with the facts of- the late contest before her; but then,; on the mother - hand,- tiiere is no foretelfihg .what -'interaationa! complications may arise, which would . not leave her, as Formerly, without avowed and active allies. Germany is like the strong man armed, keeping ready ; for all contingencies;- stod Lapparently by no means unwilling to .-acort the nge of . national battle.; There are few, jhow- ever, .. who wiRV be ' anxious to - throw it down to the- Emperor-' of -Germany while - he has . tlat asttite diplomatist Bis-; StAfiCK, generals . whoihave proved their -worth in many a hard-fought'field, a nume- ibns and wdl-a4Kunted army, and the avails able resources, derived from the French in demnity, to fall back on to supply the means. Austria-has - somewhat f alien from her high ' estate, but shells Still /possessed of con siderable -power should a fitting oppQrtaDi&f; present "itself," Bhe would only he too ready, it may be. weR imagine, to run a-risk to 'recover' her lost positiob and influence 'iri European potttics. Italy is gradually beamnng - consolidated, and — though sbe.has hot yet had an opportanity <rf proving.her.stfqrigth, reuriited, against a forgn enemy — it is pretty evident that her power is fhlly recognised, from the manner -'wMdi-pcbiecmHbatamts-scrlidtrher influenceand' watghhio he/thrown on their ' side; - How.i.f»r:)fche death-A>f thepresent Popo may affect Ttsdyao one can foretdl ; f or, while the policy of Ms jb accessor sroill d not be likely to do'fmuch" ' harm, no Shatter what direction, it . itook,' it ifi .by no means improbahLe that the posmble dissatisfaction as to &aht;®rson, >r K marmer Of his elec- tion,toay-have &gdba.-aeMho;,doin,feacing her into allianoe with or antagonism bLitome-' of theettoEBrppepBonwa, jpd so t&mng; nations- take tad.-;,There .ia jio.denymg or igaOring tte fact tiiat tbeqnestioo of rer Kgi.absmi3" ia.hhe5jetieme as it is, will underlie inncfenf; the'fuAnrh. " The Sick Jan- is in worse bealth Than ht ever was before. His having fallen into "ftie hands of bis Czarrah Aneffian3kiiai| who h£a now his confidence, will; -not -tend' "to improve his enns'titutipn i 'and ',1ns ' estate is ' so iixi (to to meet the -oarreiit fixpeuses of bis establishment. Ttfalonly a question of tine 'bow lonjg soch ooureesfca® be foUowfed with out a lingering national existence, for. some time ; but with advises, few !f any) real friends, aai neagbbore who look on her territory, in Europe; at least, with longing eyes; ihe end,tahn9t ,be far dislant. Not. indeed, ihatlhere .'is -npy very, great peca- sonr grj tiie TBar-advent of jtbe jSay .J.whi vresosm; jgnXp cease to ffoat tnyBr" ivill ySy materianyloanONn Europe' 1 what will ;eome after-7-what coinplicatirms ari4 :re-- adjrmtntof; , boundaries are, jtp'.be" the ontoorne <rfi ,4'nrteyls:. .extincticm -as a poww in Eurppe. "; Prthably -the insatiate Russia wiO hive tife lion's share Of ihe Turkish territory north of the Dardanelles, and Bhe may permit the remainder of It to be added, temporarily, to Austria, of wbom she is evidehtiy ninlring a catspaw in fos tering disaffcetiogx among some of the Ifanubisn seg-jqgpsadent states. Russia by Jmr hanSifi, plotting and scheming dlalohg heriwobdary, from the mouth of "the Dannbefrj the mouth of the Amoor. Her progress is as irresistible as fate. In -oneqJaoe a -friend, professedly, and in an other an open enemy, she keeps Turkey, and Persia, and Ebiva, and Eashgar, and". China working out. her destiny. Peter the Great's wBl may be, and probablyis, a forgery, but- it is -wonderfot-bow closely Russian diplomatists are carrymgout the policy . it enunoated. The death of the young Emperor of China will open up a splendid field for Russian intrigue. With, so far as is known, no heir to the throne, and the inevitable rivalty for authority between the uncles of the late Emperor, we need not be surprised to learn that Russia has improved the occasion, being well paid by whatever side she takes in the quarrel. Portugal, Greece, Belgium, Holland, and the minor northern states need not be taken into account in our estimate. Whatever influence they may pos sess will bq paralysed by their more powerful nearest neigkbhra. /How far Great Britain may be dragged into warlike movements who can say ? She .has hitherto done her part in 6uch things, and we doubt cot could j well do so again; but in the industrial, development which has taken place of late' years, it is her interest, commercially,' speaking,- togkqep aloof -from war-as -inuGh as possible. But, then, everything is not to be measured by money. That consideration, -: and iWpeace-at-any-priee sequent, have soj powerfully prevailed of late years that- Great Britain has. lost much of her influence; as a nation. It is said and thought that: she is not only unwilling, but unable to fight, and that she-may be insulted with impunity. Were it but to disillusionise other nations of this notion, she may have to' take part In ""the approaching struggle, and hit her .hardest — and that is a pretty heavy blow. The present Foreign Secre-, tary of State, is, patient, but he comes of a pugnacious stock ; and should the national honor" require it, he is by no means unlikely to show, with the cordial approval both of his colleagues and the' nation, that Great Britain-, has both the will and the way to maintain her place. Of course, if Great Britain should get - mixed ..up in any- Euro pean- war, we would be involved with her. She "would defend as to .the utmost, we have no doubt, but- she would -not be un- thankful that we did our best to help our selves. This we owe to ourselves even more than to the mother-conntry. It would be td oar lastiog disgrace should we be un able to offer a tolerable, and -we hope, a ' successful resistance against any hostile force' which might be' sent to tbeee shores. That .we would, soon, have aid sent is certain; but what might and w'odd happen, Bhopld -we be . taken unprepared or ill-pre- pared? Our local defences should there- ' fore receive' 'far more attention than they do, in justice to ourselves. We are not much concerned "with the fm- iroyh'ff itself which has sprung np between the Queen Gold Mining Company, at Mary borough, and one of its tribute parties. The country may be regardfid as perfectly safe, whether the shareholders" win this battle for possession of the ground in question, or victory shonld fall to the lot of the working miners. At the same time the decision of the Minister of Mines will be an " impor- "tant" one, and therein it will vastly differ from most of the verdicts which have been given during the last year or so at Sand hurst, and about which we are periodically- favored with so much big type and ter rifying leading articles. It will serve as a basis for capital to know how far it is tafe to go in «otering- into what may be regarded as co-operative contracts with working men, or where the line is to be drawn between the conditions of leases issued by. .the, department, and private ar rangements made by lessees for working their ground. Mr Mackay has surrounded the case with a great deal of mystification, by telling the registered company that he is holding his band until the Law Officers of the Crown have. cleared up some legal difficulties ; but, as we presume he kndws What he" is talking about, we need not stop to discuss this aspect of the controversy now". The more interesting feature of .this -case lies in the whole body of lessees ascertaining whether the depart- nreuit will permit arrangements to be made by them with men to work their ground upon a percentage, and if so whether the depart ment will hold tbe former responsible for the . complete fulfil ment of the leasing conditioned or spread this responsibility a>ver both ; and, still further, whether the. company, or the tributors, are to be their own judges as to the method by which the ground should be drained of its water and denuded of its golil.- If Mr -Mackat should decide In favorof the company, then he .will practically affirm that lessees may make their own terms for the manneroin which the ground ehould be worked irrespective of the propositions set forth in their original applications, and that the surface appliances necessary for this purpose rest, or are optional, with the leaseholders! On ' the" other "hand if - - he should decide against the company, then the general inference will be that do depar ture by the lessees from the strict terms pf the preliminary applications, or from the covenants of a lease, will be permitted in future, and that the evidence of one party to a compact of the kind will be -admissible with him, where an application for forfeiture is made, or where a desire is evinced jto ,-ouatri-the Iegsees,pn. tlwgipun thgt they have hot liteIy lulfilled "their "paft of the agreement with the Government. The de cision which Mr MACKAY will give will therefore have an important effect upon companies holding mining leases, and ias sncfa; this case between the Queen.Ciompatiy aud its tributors very naturally excites a great deal oflfitefest ail'ovorthegbldfields. The" :ri(ffhtpf lessees to employ the tribute system is imparted by law, and therefore tbe hdqp- -tionofthtapriDciple admitB <of; bo dispute ip connection with this case. The question m i " siny' WhetEe'r whSfe letting the ground on < ttijmttt. |ke rIaseoldei have ,violated . the conditions of the lease in other diifections, "and whether there violations are of a sufficiently -serious character to justify- the Minister of Mines declaring the ground for- - felled as against the present possessors. Now, when referring to tins dispute be fore, we studiously avoided leaning towards one side or the other, as all respectable journals always avoid where judicial pro ceedings are involved, and we shall not depart from tins role to-day. But there are one or two elements mixed np with tins question, which seem to us to de serve attention at this moment, and which Mr Ma(AYx is Jmynd -to tijhik carefifliy overfiefore fie gives his decision. Thfere ehould be no difference of opinion that where . ; ground is not being advantageously worked!;' «m|:wheire the.,c£>venant8 with, tips pbj«i£: : in view are" being d&iberafely; nt&t;!d, tiret lease should be forfeited. Not to take this' step in Each , cases , would be to offer a' ' premium for 'shepherding ; to vexatioufily retard the development of our resources, and to commit a very wrong act towards the industrious working miner. Nevertheless, "S.!- V itJMbald be a mistake to too rigidly Jyater-j. tivihe oovenahte of leases and tiie doings of.y»mps&des;, ..where a-desiris shown to wp ground, but wherqjere arehenorary compliance with the tenure of possession. To act in this manner in such cases would lie t dishemtenifai; '"ahdlio'Sree" up ' opatipns- without the least phjtppq of their being resumed by others' tiiah the 'dis-'' possessed lessees!' " "Take; for example, Lmr Hand and. Band nSdlCSty <Sali&rat; claims, wEchhsveheen in "work fur-years and upon which an enormous amount of capital has been expended without any return. These claims are heavily in debt, and it might so , .happen to- .save .them- seK-es from ruin, " ' these companies might find it absolutely necessary to close up a part of their"works, and sell off some of JheiC'j'machifaeiyg to stave off for the time beiug rapacious or disaffected creditors. Would it not be a very stupid S£t afar the department to step. % after those arrangemeuts had been effected, and declare the lease forfeited, on the ground that the strict conditions,'1 we will say, of the lease had not been complied with by this step being taken ? Much as we object to shep herding: rhiuing. tenements, we reailyfthiuk so, because such a policy could dono possible good, while; onthe contrary, a great deal of harm would accrue from it! The proba bility is. that miumg, operatiofas 'would not be. resumed in such cases, and in view of the risks entailed by departmental interference. ; Again, there are claims "held under lease,, which can only be "Effectively and profitably ; work® by flie ""fclddlemsflj'bystem, and : which would have 'to be abandoned if the' departmeut were toxact an arbitrary, in-! 'Stead of a genial, compliance with . the con- j ditions of that right. For want of the necessary funds or credit, the miners could; not obtain the 'requisite macbibery and ap-j pliances, and therefore, oniess zcaphal, came to tbeir aid, they -would be prac-! tically denied eutraoee-upon such ground. In) these cases it often -happens .that ..capital receives a very poor return — not perhaps interest on the money invested, and to allow :for wear and . tear--and ; that the. groandris held .on. to . -with -a .view to better results being' obtained in the future."" ' For the de partment to suddenly "ru6h in, in such cases as these, and eject the lessees because they had slightly departed from the. strict cove nants of their leases, would therefore be fraught with great danger, because such act tion would not lead to the ground being better occupied, even were it re- occupied at all — - which is very problematical — but also because the tendency of a policy of "this -sort would he . fe- frighten capitM out of mining — and such a sequence cannot cer tainly he defended -with my shory of reason. No donbt there, are plentyof cases in , the . colony., where, the, " middleman? system is a nuisance, and has becomd an in cubus upon I mining. But a line' must be drawn between lessees fighting manfully1, though slowly, against physical, and finan-- dal difficulties, and lsees .simply dingthg to ground after tiie . style, of SHTLOCK with his bond, and wilhoht running any portion of the risk of Urn ventre .themsd ves. The view we take of Sis lease ' queetion therefore is, : . that while it is clearly the. duty of. the Minister. , of . Mines to eject lessees where the ground is being shepherded, or where sufficieht effort is hat put < forth by the lessees to develop ife wealth, it., would be very .inexpedient to pursue the same rigid course "whpre reason able efforts are employed to" work the ground, either direct by the enmpany, or ih connection with tributors, though the work may not be going, on as rajfldly-as sonm persons may think it. shonld,.. or: as the covenants of the lease require; .What is really wanted is a reasonable and active -policy upon" this lease question ; and Mr Mackay would do well to recognise this discriminating fact in all his future dealings with it. Hitherto nothing at all has Leen done in this direction, and this is as grave an error on the one side, as too arbitrary conduct towards lessees in difficulties would now be to adopt on the other. . We understand that Mr Hamilton, of the iV at Rochester, has been appointed manager of the' Commercial Bank; Ballwat. At the meeting of die: Water Commission tins evening a new chairman will be elected, and we understand that the choice of the Eastern council lors has fallen upon Councillor Ivey. It will .he seen by pnr Melboume carrespoodeoce this morning that O'Ferrali, the Landa Office -de- - fanlter, has Teached Melbourne. He is to be brougbt before the CSty Police Cotut -today, in order to be officially remanded for the prepsiation of the proeecntion. " : \- - - Hieimnfrillnf "Wednesday," as registered RtAhe Ballaral Survey Office, was lfil rrxAes. It would be imagined from this that a considerable quantity. of water most have been added to the supply in the reseryoirs, but it-appears that nearly the whole of Ihe rainfall in the ; reaervte ' has'heen absorbed io-. the soil, and.there1s .no perceptible differenee in the depth of Water in ritlterd the dan«, idihat strict economy should AfiU be exerased by con sumers. The commissioners have instituted legal proceedings against .several parties who have guffiy" of waste, summonses having been issued against them. In mure flagrant cases tbe water has been cot off altogether ; but it is believed that tbe pub-, iicity of police court proceedings. and the penaliies " attached thereto, will have a deterrent .and gene rally aalutary effect. The Railway Reform Committee met in the City Hall on" Wednesday evening; but owing to tbe severity of the weather, there was but a sparse attendance, although fee business transacted wrs pf an important, thongb preiiminary charscter. It was resolved to obtain ill possible infonnsition coDceruing railway freights, as a&cting; tbe va rious branthes of bade. The election of a- chair man, &E;, was held over till "next meeting. ' ' About one o'clock on Wednesday tntaiung Mrs - William Wilson, of the Bmeaton Park hotel, was called away about a .mffe lo attend on a wmnaii" who was dying; some of her own frimily J Dot being well at toe same time, and "Mr . Wilson crossied toe paddocks as a bear cat to bring his wife home.. . On his arrival at the Princeton hotl, he ascertained that Hrs Hunter wasriead, and that hi6 w ife had gone home by the road. He remained "about one hour, and itben.etarted for borne, but before he reached his- riestoiatian hesaw. that his house was on fire. He ran to toe spbt, burst open, -the door, arid found tna wife and thfldren asleep. . He threw, toe cluldrrii out" of 'toe' window, and awakened his vrife, Bp ffiat She escaped also, but wiihuut evenvingthe' rioilKe eiie had been wearing. A strong. wind., was bjowing,, and in fifteen minutes. tbe wreck wRs cotripleie. The caueeuf the fire ia unknowiL = The property was insured in toe London and Lancashire office for £270. . ..... . '! '"'i On Tuesdaj' afteraoMi, R -fieree fire fagfid m the filengower and Deep Creek ranges' Mnongst ilie timber. - At obe time toe grass lands at the north' .end of Smeatou .were threatened, |nit the creek fortunately arrested toe process oL tfae flames. About 3000-odrda' of .firetgood/cut lor toe Clunes mines, and principally .toe.work tof two teotoers during toe past winter, was cooipletcly tie- , atroyed; - : -- ,n": . The ordinary monthly .meeting .of jffeJctimmitteR, of- tire Baltairat- Agricultural and Pwtoiral Society .will.be hdd ou Saturdsy, at Cridg'a lRitel, at rieveb -o'tiock -«ja . Business— The jprbpos&'amal- gatnation of toe Baliarat, Smeatonyaud Gknda- ruel Agtmidtund 6odetiea;mod otoa- matters. We learn from a corrmpoudent flat the dams in the neighborhood of TaIbot," wlutoyfere as " dry_ as a crnder" a day-or twu -ago, are trow fuil fo toe brim by tbe dtnriourrif 'niaithich occurred on "Wedbtoday. " ' ; At ijertotq dti Wednsy triortdng, the loug- cbniinued hot weather arid toe couatant alraam > ' required for" battery putposeiB, hadi -reducda toe ijnaritity of watEr lri the Egertori Company's dam to teds than a weekVBUBpty. ariaA stoppage of tlis >orks aeeined.lneritiidE.totoeh how-; «ve a wdcmne change . took plade, ana tbe rain fell m one criotfriaoaa apriiipour:toHff past iuid-' ' nighty by -which tifrieAipwartte gl mx weeks" supply of water was conserved in toe oompariy'e dam. Tiie heavy rain had likewise the effect of extin guishing the alarming bush-fires which had been raging so fierdy in toe Mount Doraa neighbor- 1 -Mb— — i— — — — — — ' hood and the fears of the selectors rn that dis trict, that their cropsitrid fences would fall a prey to toe devouring dement, are now entirely re moved. . . , , A special kseetihg of ttoe committee ot toe Smytoesdale Mechanics' Institute was ; held on "WcSbmaday. ylt was -calied'for toe purpose of electirig a "sMtetarywice MrC.-W. Winston, re signed. The members present .were — The presi dent, Messrs Keith. Liston. HoTleshn. Christie, Teirord, SfTntyre, 'MKchell, C.'Ten Brink, Rev. . s. Vfjilker,. ?ind Dr Jordan. Four applications fcere-' received for toe office of secretary, and Mr Hv- De Voss was elected by a considerable ma- onty. '" " - - r A miner uainedTTiomas Golding was admitted te toe -Hospital yeslerday forenoon, suffering from ; the fracture of several ribs, contusions to toe jhead, and other injuries. Golding waste toe act : of stepping into the cage to ascend toe No. 3 shaft : of the Prince of Wales mine at Sebastopol, when ' the cage suddenly jerked upwards, and he was ; thrown out and fell on to an iron platform. — Geo. WoodS,'whjp ft employed at Donaghy's rijewtoks, caml'tolhe Hospilai yesterday with his right arm broken and toe hand badly lorn. While feeding a njachinebis StrUi >ras drawn te between toeqrheels. His injuria having been attended to. Woods left the iostructioa for his .own- home. — A child three years of -age, named James Mackay, was brujight from"' Sevastopol to1 the Hospital on Wednesday evening, -vitfia ffacttliel leg. Tbe broken limb havteg been set, the little patient was removed to his parents' residence. . \- A picnic of the Victorian Licensed Victuallers' Association is to be held on . toe lfito instant, at Sorrento and Queensciiff- Hie publicans of Bal iarat and.district have been invited To partake of the day's proceedings and toe trip up the hay te the new steamer Golden Crown ; but it is feared they, wiil.be .unable to do so. unless tbe steamer pan put into Geeldng! or pick up their party at some point rf)f .the bay. With toe view of effecting tojs, arrangement, Mr ..Gilbert Dnnpao fuis pro- >03 an Amalgamation with the publieansat Gee- long; and.-toe matter, will lie discussed at the monthly meeting of toe-Ballarat branch, at tbe Edinburgh Gastie, to-day. The return match between the second eleven of the.dJnninyong 'United C.C. and the secrmd eleven of the City C.C. will fre.pbtyed on the ground of the former on Saturday next. .The City team is requested to meet at toe Buck's Head hotel riot j later than & quarter past one o'clock. Tbe follow- < ing niyithe teams :—Buninyong United C.C. : T.! Goode. P. M'Cartby! J. Parker, J'. Moloney, J. ; Milner. UDHisaOct' R. Kill mis tert' T. Pa tterson, E. Russell, M. D. Williams, D. & Watson ; emer gency. C. M-Cartoy. City C.C. : D. Madden, C. Pamphilon, J. Slorey. C. Philp, J. J. Cahir, H.; Pobjoy. R. BelL C. XettelL J. II. Walker, Sher- rard, Thos. Lynn ; emergency, R. Gray and Taylor., A"tC3nnes, on Wednesday after noon,- while a fierce north wind was blowing, a fire broke out itt a four-roomed house on Camp Hilk at lower end of 'Traser street. The house was entirely -con-: sum33%rifofe the brigade could get water on to it, some delay occurring in consequence of toe water Jtavinf been turned off for toe reticulation vroric- There was no furniture in the house, and it was: insnred in toe Adelaide office for £50. Some suspicious circumstances having come to the .knowledge of Smgeant. Caxden, he arrested toe owner af the house, a man named Gilholme, "tjsbd .was brought before, the bench yesterday and remanded to Wednesday, bail being" allowed to £200 and two sure ties -of £100each. . At the monthly meeting of the "trustees of toe Ciunes Cemetery, toe financial statement for toe past year ' showed' toe, receipts for burial fees amounted to £1 73 15s', which with former balance in "hand made a total on toe debtor ride of £175 12s 9d, , The expenditure was— Secretary 'a salary, fc, for fifteen months, £50 ; stationery, postage; Ac- £lcldsF6d; repattatorxextODlB house, £12 176 fid ; grave digging, £100 15s fid :. insurance, £1 15t fid; tools, £2 7s 9d auditor, £1 Is ; fees remitted to the poor, £5 ; balance at the bank. Is. - Total, £1 75 12s 9i The income for toe month was stated to have been £12 5s, and the present bank balance £2 18a 7d- . The interments for the month were eleven, against eighteen for toe same month last year.' . Another brothel robbery has been reported to toe police. Yesterday a woman named Margaret Tinby was -arrested and " lodged , in toe Eastern lock-up, charged witoira vingetalen seven £l-notes, 16s in silver, a penknife, find a handkerchief, the property of Andrew Holt. She will be brought up at-tbe Town Police Court this morning. A conference took" place last night between tbe house committee of the Orphan Asylum and the Baliarat Tire Brigade, in regard to toe proposed moonlight concert. There were present— Meesrs Gray (in the chair), Long,. Levinson, Baker, Chamberlain, Wrefonl, and Macaw, for the Orphan . Asylum ; aud Messrs Ailerding (captain), Welti, Moires, Laidlaw, and "Wise, for toe brigade. On the motion of Sir Chamberlain, seconded by Mr Baker, it wat decided to confirm the principle cif holding the concert, and that toe honse committee pledge themselves to strongly recommend the same. to the general committee of.toe Asylum. It was also "agreed "that each -'body should be -requested to' give a guarantee against loss not to exceed £29 each. A resolution was then carried — Tfiat to consequence of toe benefit to tbe City brigade taking place en toe 19A in stant, this meeting is of opinion that toe date of holding the concert shonld be changed from toe 17 to instant, in order that all parties interested should be enabled to render assistance." .On toe motion of Mr. Long, it was agreed-tiud toe concert should take place on St. Patrick's Sight, at the B««»m Oval ; application to be made to'the Town Council "for the use of toe same. Messrs Davies and Welch were appointed joint secretaries ; and the following .gentlemen were appointed 'a committee, viz. : — Messrs Baker, Wreford, and Chamberlain! and Messrs Miller, Moires, and Wise. The con ference then ended. A vacancy has been caused in toe Sebastopol Borough Council by the resignation of CouncHJor Martin! whichwas "received last night with regret by the other councillors. I The Sebastopol Council are te favor of abolish ing wood-carters' licenses, hut not the licenses of other vehicles. ; During the past year there have been at Sebas- topob according to Dr Barnett's returns, 234. births arid £4 deaths. As te Baliarat, the measles claimed a large number of victims amongst young children. : It wiff be cheering news to our readers that' toe rate of Wednesday ' seems to have been pretty general throughout the colony. That it did not cornea moment too soon will be gathered from toe following telegrams, whirit appeared te yesterday's Telegraph : — -'Kflmore, Wednesday. " Kilmore . was surrounded to-day on all rides by toe largest fires yet, To the north it was fearful, and "great- fears are expressed for all the formers in Glenarua and Marauding districts. Tbe .town has been in darkness since two o'clock. The fire came within "a qiiarter ut a mile of Sydney street. A most desirable change set in from the sonto at fire oklock, with run, which will stop toe spread of fires. It is reported that several of the farmers have suffered great loss." " Alexandra, Wednesday. Bush fires are raging all around. Every business place is 'dosed. The fire brigade and townspeople turned oat. Great destruction of fencing and pas ture has taken place. Opportune' rain took place for half an hoar at sundown. Much anxiety is yet -felt, '.arid there are many reports of disasters at a distance." ' . " diis-sotieed toat.the Southern Cross— thelHreE- byterian organ published te Melbourne — does- not utrgr one, word : with reference to . tire recent and -mournful death, of toe Rev. A. Robertson." How very Chritiatlike is this reticence. r . " The Police Xlazette of Tuesday contains what bf officers of the -V&torien.; police force, in the.' order of their rank and seniority, on 1st February, 1875, te whkdiwe Sod in the listof teapectors the names of Isaac H. IL Storiey, Bairn8dale (under transfer to MribMirne); and Edward B, RyaU, Bails rrital- larat districL Jt would appear from this thai the, authorities have cancelled Mr By-all's transfer to M dbourue, iucousideration of his presait illness, apd tbe fact that he wa&originaliy; appointed to iffis dis- om te timaequteioe ot ifl-health to4he fnetrqfis. It is to be hoped that our surmise is correct, and that Inspector Ryali will be allowed .to tomato in a locality where he is so much respected, and that he will not be nemored to a place where, as we have seen, his "health ' must staffer,- and serious conse quences ihevitably "follow. - - ATe arei requested re draw attention ' to an ad vertisement which appcars iin another column, to; toe effect that the.iiucert in aid of the funds of the City Gkicfcgt and Bowling<!lab isroostponedito toe 2Gth February. . , y >r The half-yearly meeting of the BallarafvOnb will. he itrid at toe dub-rooms, this alternoan, at five o'clock. "-The Sebaktoppl Fire Brigade is' Vtfll nUfibkhcial ffiffi'rulties. Last night the captain aud treasnrer- appealed to the borough council for assistance, the brigade being £70 in debt,-and a Irill of £40 to the hank f ailing due very ebortiy. Tbecobnd! pro mised to consider the matter, but held out only "ilhthopes ofassiitaure. The ITiii hri. States Minstiicls-— Inclnd'irig several membcrf of -tbe late Emerson's Rod Weston arid llnreey V tronpes, and . Mr, A, Reiner— sre an- nouopedio -appear next, week at toe MeAanics' Institute. They jrill jgire ajx performances in ail " At ri eummbned meeting of Court Freedom, Ancient Order of Forestas,held at toe Tdegrepb hotel Clunes, oo Tuesday evening, for toe pur pose of considering toe tidvisabffity pr otherwise of vYteoyBnhridiaty.H-Court, the foBowmg resolution was carried "by an ovter- wheluung majority — « That, in toe opinion of this meeting, the application to the High Court OF the Order fertile establishment of a Victorian Subsidiary High Court was for personal not for toe general welfare tX the Order ; and tit®1 this court respectfully declines to take My -part in toe establishing of the said Victonau Subsidiary High Court, believing that it will impovensh the teridental funds of all eourts.cooneeted therewith by its costly and enmberaqme manageme, tor , which te our opinion no equivalent is Mnvrded.v We noticed toeotherViay that a dquitadton from toe Early Closing Association, accompanied by Mr Joseph -Jones arid Mr G. Smith, waited. "upon the drapers, clothiers, and hatters, with a yjew to secu- ring tbe uniform boos of <4o5dng«doptea-!-iaineIjj six o'clock during toe week, and ten o clock on Saturdays throughout toe year." We now see hy jfln advertisement te another column that the labors of this deputation have "been guecessfuL and there- _ fore the whole pf too ittades . represented will, ip future, dose at six- during -the week ana at ten o'clock on Saturdays. - She deputation found not objectors te the . hour of six diuteg toe weeki -but - two or three cmployers.in Bridge street tliought iten rm -Saturdays rather early. However,- these : few objections will no doubt disappear as the scheme :is worked, and costoiners adapt their arrangemeD te : to that hour ofcJorihg."-" :: ' A cricket match was played yesterflav between elevens chosen from Mr Menses High School and ; Mr Cox's Solffieri'-HffKState- School which re sulted to a victory for the latter by 17 runs. At a meeting of the Australian Srlires" Asso ciation, held'last evening, it was decided to. hold a debate at the next meeting, and. speakers "on each ride were appointed. All members are requested to attend. The receipts on the Victorian Railways- for the week ending -28th January were £16,328 ISi 4d. For the 'same week in 1874 they amounted .to £18,481 9s lOd. How people benefit in this colony by. rail way extension .is riiown by toe -following paragraph, which w'e take from yretcrdsSr's , Aftirgborovgh Standard " Previous to the opening of the Bal iarat and Maryborough Railway, the mail at Majorca for Baliarat' closed at 10.45 a.m., aud reached its-destination tiie same evening; ' Now it closes at 2(30 pjn- and reaches BaRaratat 2.35 p.m. the following day. Ii is notified m the "Mel bourne papers that " the. mails' now dosing for Maryborough and Dunolly at 5 AO p.m. will be discontinued. If we con tinue to progress at this rate, we .may shortly eipect to be troubled with only one mail per week." - Rather a good joke' (says the ilaryborovgh Standard) isLuld..iq connection ..with. the. opening "of tfie reiliday liae'on TuesSay.' When ihc train started from Talbot it carried te the guard s-van several members of the Baliarat press, toe'eon- tractqrs, and others-— amongst the party a very un assuming gentleman, who entered generally into j conversation.' with bis fellow travellers. JTfie train proceeded.snd Crefwjck another passen ger entered" the van. a "respected member of: the writers guild. Naturally irate, as evety; journalist from Baliarat to Dunolly was. on that day with the time-table arrangemenU.the new comer, seizing ripon the unassuming gentle-: man aforesrid, began . to vent his indignation In no measured terms, and to berate toe de-: partment for its stupidity and imbecility. Tbe. denotement came at Hatyborongli! when the Cres wick journalist, enquiring to' which paper the gen tleman: lie : had been speaking to helSnged, Was answered — " Oh, .that's Mr Msxtheson, toe traffic manager." Now as Mr Matflieson happens to be toe framer of the time-table, it is to be presumed he gaineti some, rteefnl.knovrledge during that in terview. In reference to the expsrtatten of batter, toe secretary of the Smeatoii, Spriqg Hill, and Bol- larookT Agricultural Society informs the Crestcid fZdeatiierlhnde has recently-received iafjraia- tion that toe trial toipmeut of butter, consisting of dght 50 lbJtega-rfour.of whirih wjere jnacrpulated by Mr Siriiiyan' wkh his secret processyand the other foorfrom the weH-known"f dairies o" Messrs Malone, Longmire, SeweH, and : O'Donchoe, as usually potted by those butter-makers — were re cently shipped for a voyage' home and oat again. The result (adds our contemporary) will-be arijaoody looked for. J . Dealing with the secresy of toe Werieyan .Conference, the Age says: — "It is paying a poor compliment to the sagacity of tbe heads pf the Wesleyan Church te Victoria' to sup pose that toey can be really alive to "the serious feeling of discontent 'and disaffection which has been engendered among the laity by their persistent refusal to open toe doors of the conference to the public. Yet it is.difficnlt of be lief that they are not sensible 'of the extreme un popularity .of ibeir practice. .That w uiigious body which' -aflectsito "carry the extrernest prin ciples of republicanism in to the administration of its afiajra should adopt the tactics of asacadcXal despotism Eke toe Roman Catholic Church, is a paradox that could iirfly be jaStifiedtoy exceptional rircnmstences. Both te point of numbers and'of social status, no church among ua is so wrii able to court- toe freesttebmment ubpn' ita proeeedsngs. :And why shpuld toose proceedingt, then, be trans acted te secret, in defiance of a strong feeling to the contrary? This year toe secrecy is, if possible, more jealously main fumed than ever, for no reports of the scantiest kind have as yet found their way into circulation. It may be too late to remedy the mistake on the present occasion ; bat the Wesleyan dergy may rest assured that they wfll have to give way ' to the clamor which the sight of toe closed doors of toe conference has excited, and let toe public te to share te their deEberations. It cannot have come to that pass with Wefleyanism te Victoria that it should prefer d»vtny»ss rather than light." The early train from Cannes and Creswick seems to be a great hit on the part of the department. The Cresu-ict Advertiser writes: — "The -train leaving Creswick for Baliarat at 5.42'on Tuesday- morning only took three passengers, fwo' of whohi would have preferred the 9.30. train for that town (receipts 5s fid), and one passenger.'for Geelong." " The JX. A. Hail says that, a few days since, tbe ; company sluicing on Montgomery's Hill came on a treat for breakfast, te toe Ehape of a fine fish about 2 lb weight, which- shot out ' through the nozzle of the hpsa.'r-The fish must have come from , toe Erpedilifm £hss. reservoir. The unlooked-for prize jvas a vCry acceptable relish for the morn ings mesL " ' Since toe Commissioner of Public Works re turned to'the duties of his department." after his visit .to Tasmania, he has folly investigated the cases of persons from whose premises the water supply has been cut off for non- compliance with . the conditibna imposed Jby the; depart ment daring tbe late hot weather, and he: has determined (says the Telegraphy that none ' of them shall be . supplied wiih water for the future except through mneter.- J It has been found that the people'who, by their , edubatiou and pod- i tion. should have been toe first to set an example te the economic use of water duriog the -recent drought, have been guilty of the most wautoowaste. Two Judges who wear ermine are amongst those 'whose supply has been stopped ; and toCfeupplv to the -University, grounds -has also been stopped,, because, notwithstanding the strictest injunction that toe Yan Yean was not to be ined for irriga tion purposes, It was allowed to run freely over all parte of- the reseryg.. The aaipp wctioAhas' been taken in connection with toe Civil Service Cricket Club, who have been watering their ground by ' means of the hose, " contrary to . the regulations. Mr Anderson has also decided to frame a code of regulations by .which no hdusetoavingS garden of nay large dimensions shall be suppiied with, water except through a meter? Mr Gordon ta.k charge at _toe department on Wednesday, ami is Dowen gaged'm the prejuration oTaYeport as'to'toe" best means to be adopted to prevent a repetition of the c,0. ; ai. The trinnerof toe President's Cup at tbe coming "regatta is destined (says the Gedmg Advertiser ) to he-toe fortunate: possessor of 'one of r tiie -prettiest trophies that Victorian art has vet produced. On Wednesday! .evnCnipg ..our tssiteqiorary had the 14 inches: in height, Weiw 25. or of .pnreteRrcr. and is valued at twenty: guteeas? - : X? ' Rrierritig to toe question of a fond bring raised to relreve the sufferers hy toe recent bush-fires, toe 2efairup4 says " The men, .women, and children who suffer miy be swayifrbm Mhdnrcta -but though thej are not clttzeos they are"coIonlsts. and distance shtjuUUriot lend apathy to charity. The question has been mooted, aud io all likelihood it only requires that tbe expressions of sympathy :#|we p&atint.; u, ff® rity. be' diverted I from duconimeled'.talk into concehttafed aetion. m orelet 'that a .fund "may be imtaited that wiU' prove alike beneficial to toe Bufferers and worth; T>-:TiXU"» JUXVSi ' : We_ pity the- Warrcnunbool people. The local Exaatmer writes : — Just -jnow Warrnamboul i- unfortunately under, a doud, "about toe most "bus v bten In it brit the offidal asiguee." , Wrhe Cbc- by- fhWt maii ined John Robenf, deprived : of , Efe7r The Usifortreiate man was splttting brewood hy Richard son's Junction " pad- — ' ?ut.2wn good-sized- tree, - a limb of which, m folhog, struct the deceased knocking him to" toe earth, and coahing toe hfe eat of him. Such was the size of toe limb that death must have been instantaneous. Roberta lived -fey himself in a small teat near theRichard- son s Junereiurina. and bringrefased on Monday mornii sesgfa was . instituted, and the body dis- broach; wi t. his left leg doubfod up over his left shoolder, aud his «d fretfojiy injured, Tiie branrit had' to he dioppedoff-to rrieaBefhe bodf. !"'. " . the- J'3' 5185 lieen received at ml t.UrfLFmITS"y froai P«f®sor Adams, to Whom had been delegated the power to select a , professor of mathematics for this fessor Adann states that his seleeiion'i,! , . ' OQ & Mr Mhxisoon, who was second Cambridge in 2B7S; and he adds that ih1 67 nun cka lease Cooper's Hill earl v in It is very evident, however, tbM remem&. beai made te toe transmission bv a toWnX s name -of the gentleman select, such person named in the " Cauibrid-e p ! 110 dar, 1873," as second wrangler. The name 07t J . .-Sanson appears m the mathematical , E- and this is confirmed by the foot-note whirl, that Mr Sanson is the professor of appiied Asta'a matics at' the Civil Engineering Collwre p '" HilL The name -has probably beeD X''' jrben passing through toe Indian telegraph ! -The detlong Advertiser regrets to stale „ Henry Phillips,; toe owner of, tire wtliu thoroughbred sirt Panic, lost two valusH- 1" laetweriuhi totekB by over -feeding. Ws a -fiily. from Flying Doe ly l'aUjC- o,, .was a full sister to Prodigious. Rsein-- m.. rsily will be sorry to hear of ihe loss uf valuable youngs ters 6tt The Argest&fs; that hares. lave bey,rae - merous withiu jhe BaRiang dlsiric;. ia th- ? of Curio, that if is expected in a short' will "displace rabbits altogether. 7 Tbe Age points out that, under the new j, tore Act,. Camperdown has been taken uotof « Belfast-xsd. placed in the Geeionz in- olvencr r' : trieL Ail matters relating to i:is»lvencv binwi; t Will mluture, -therefore, coaie under the etemu. ' of the official assignee at Geeior.g. '< The following instance of heroism on .he a child is told by toe Milliwni corre-mnSo i'. toe Border Watch On Tuesday a i: out close to the township which threstesed » "i sweep toe flats,- and was nearly attended with (,,! i. consequenees.- It-appears that the fire orieimw & in "Webber's section from a Haekfelows'firt (V F a few women observed it, and were unable to <: - iu progress. A lighted branch from a tm.fi i>: upon the tent of a Mrs Gilmore. an i in«tamiv I the teat te ablaze. Mrs Gilmore was i.usju;!!1 $ out toe fire, and had left her little children feS I for safety one a baby in jhe.crxlte, the ofe I tittle boy. of hardly four years of aze. Whes th S fitejeaveloperi toe tent, the brave little ftilovH-i p the baby' and -brought it out safeiv. Thtcra- ¥ was burnt, and-erery stick at furniture ar,d ei-J fF of clothing." r The Gedtmg Advertiser says that over C30 », f of liine were fqrwaraed from the Do:t P0J4 ii; station in January for' Melbourne. Thecoeaf. $ would have been greater but for the ceisr.ioti s' the demand te the metropolis', owing.it u ea..r to ihe want of water. - ' i Harvest operations are now complete hi th Duck Ponds and. Little River districts 7k i 'average ia not large (say# the Gai.jng -idreW but the farmers, generally are sati,fiei uj average per acre has been ss follows Whest Ii bushels; oats and bailey, about i'O bushels. Tb , . bay crops kf Oowie's Creek have been psrriculsht heavy, and of good quality. A oorrcsjfondait of the ABmrg Maimer senlstiE .following as a good method of getting throats ii bazaar without having to pay most exoiiiiao£t ft- for the privilege " Before going to the bemi / beg, borrow, or steal a huge vase or diimHj e. ' nament; toe larger and uglier it is. tbe benei : ' will answer toe purpose. Armed with ibis insm. i ment, boldly enter the bazaar, ami at once rat met.ee asking people te take Ehilling tickrohi / raffle for toe monstrosity. Make this apjssh , v stall-holders as well as to the general public, ut : - you will soon find everybody give \os a'sii berth.' You will be free to wander round ; he ran ffi unquestioned and BDsriicited to bnv anything, h ft- fact, so far from having to make injudicious p. fe chases, you may perhaps have an >jpportuniwX Jii quietly earning a few shillings by iionest indosij, I V! as if you select your vase with judgment, s v- human bring after giving you the shilling vrfflej . return to see the result of the raffle. le« he or a i>' g should chance, to vriu.toe horrid thing, and hret m carry It home. SI 