Agriculture, Pastoral. The Weather and Crops. Ahothbr week of dry, hot weather has passed, and after an interval, during whioh there was a comparatively cool temperature, the days have again become sultry and op prewive. In tbe metropolitan district, although the effeots of the drought are plainly observable in the aspect of vege tation generally, there is not as yet any fear that the crops will suffer to any material degree should rain hold off for a week or two longer. Little oan be done in the way of pre paring the soil for fresh crops exoept in favoured localities. The fruit coming in to market ehows that the orchards are giving a good yield, the quality being fine and the supply abundant. The vines are now being looked to with care ; altogether the plants and fruit at present appear promising and healthy. From Albury it is reported by the Banner ot Saturday that the lobg-coutiuued drought ia now beginning to tell ?erionely npon the feed in all parts ef the district. To the northward the grass is generally burned np, and even up the river the heat and absence of moisture is destroying pastures whioh oan usually be depended npon even in the qaoet severe summers. About Jindera oomplainta of scarcity of water are beginning to be heard, and it is to be feared that in the back oountry the want will soon beoome ?erious. To add to the ill effects of the drought, bush fires are raging in all directions, and during the past week the ana has wen partly obscured by the dense clouds of smoke reused in this way. The crops, as we anticipated, are turning out very indifferently, though in some oases the fcltmg off has not been quite so marked as was feared a month ago. Take-all, however, has played sad havoo with a huge acreage of wheat, ana in many places the crops have been ont for hay before attaining maturity. The appearance of the vineyards and orchards is more satisfactory. In one or two places slight symptoms of oidhun have been noticed, but the sulphur treatment having been promptly applied, will no doubt prove effectual, and, judging from appearances, we should nave an abun dant yield of fruit and grapes. So far, the immediate neighbourhood of Albury has escaped the visitation of locusts, which has proved so destructive iu various parts of the colony. Most of the wool has now been sent down to Melbourne, and the prices realised for the dip have been satisfactory. The complaint of scarcity of labour is heard on all and were it not for the enterprise of our local fanners in securing a eupply of improved agricultural machinery, the lose end inconvenience from thie cause would be heavy. The oat stop in this district has been an entire failure. By Hie Western Examiner (Orange) of Saturday, it is stated that the weather for some tune past has been un usually warm and enltry for this part, the ruling features being a nebulous Ay, with unrefreshing breezes. On Tuesday evening last there was a change, a violent storm yf— i«g over tbe town. Although no great downfall of raiu aooompanied the storm, the atmosphere has dnoe more elastic and bearable ; but, even now, the weather ia for Orange. Bosh fires have broken oof indifferent quarters, but we have not yet heard of aay serious effeots. The wheat crops this year are not ee good as it was expected they would be, though some are pro- ' growing throwing well, especially those around 8-rae Although rain is muoh required for the vegetation, it would do no good to the whaat orops at this stage. In the Hunter distriot, according to the Mailland Merou-y ' of Saturday, a nioe shower of rain fell on the previous day in West Maitland. There was rain nearly all night at Vacy, en the Upper Peterson ; it was much wanted, as ths crops were languishing. The maize looks fairly well, we heaiy and the tobacco promises to be a suooess this year. A few showers fell at Newoastle during the night. By the Goulburn Herald of Saturday it is reported that the dry weather, thongh favourable for harvesting operations, is burning up the grass in all directions. The thunderstorm which visited us on Tuesday evening appears to have been pretty general in there districts. FromWheeo and Gundi roo we learn that some rain fell, but not in sufficient quantity to interfere with harvesting operations. At the latter place, operations will be over in a week or so, and the wheat crop will be better than was at first anticipated. . Bush-fires have been vary pre ' valent during the past two or three weeks, and reports are continually reaching us of the damage caused by them. Grass and fenoing are being destroyed in all directions. Fires have been dose to town, but no serious damage beyond the destruction' of feed has been experienced as yet. At Carooar (says the Chronicle of t the 2nd) the weather has been anything bat agreeable daring the last two or three weeks. The grass is almost burnt up whilst vegetation in general is being very muoh affected. Bush, fires have been raging fieroely in many parts of the dis triot, causing damage and inoonvenienoe to the settlers,' and materially aiding to increase the intense heat whioh we bave experienced. On Tuesday evening, however, a break ooourred in the weather, but the quantity of rain whioh fell had the effect of only temporarily laying the dust. In the country round Yass (according to the Courier of the let instant), the weather continues sultry and dry. On Tuesday there was a thunderstorm, accompanied by a very meagre downpour of rain; but beyond a temporary oooliug of the atmosphere the benefits resulting from it were very slight. Bush fires are still raging in the neighbourhood. The Wagga 'Advertiser of Saturday states that the weather has continued to he dry, the heat being at timesunbe arable ; and the want of rain is now severely felt in all parts of the distriot. This prolonged deprivation of rain is beginning to excite much apprehension. To-day, Borne indications have set in, a few drops otrain falling in the evening, and a high oold wind prevails. Some drifting clouds give the hope that we will have a little rain ; but chanoes of a fall of any importanoe seem to foe slight. The reports of our exchan res generally complain of the parched appearance of the country, but are yet without any complaints of incon venience to stock of any magnitude. The Broughton Creek correspondent of the Shcalhavet i News, 2nd instant, writes that the weather etill continues very dry, and considerable anxiety is felt owing to the want of rain and' the threatened drought. Occasional hot winds are also experienced; but it iB hoped tbat a change for the better will soon take place. Intelligence from Tomworth to the let instant states that for the past fortnight unbroken dry and intensely hot weather has prevailed, and future p ospedtsof feed and general vegetation look extremely gloomy. The country in all directions is entirely denuded of grass, through the continued torrid heat, unrelieved by a partiole of moisture, and on the Plains the grasshoppers had previously done what the lack of rain has resulted in elsewhere. On the Peel, mining, whether reefing or sluicing, is at a complete standstill for want of water. Pastorahets and agricul turists. from the same oause, are alike becoming anxious about their respective avocations, and their anticipations are the reverse of reassuring. So far as the wheat season has been concerned everything was favourable, and the harvest was a very plenteous one. The maize and potato crops will, however, be destroyed unless rain fells speedily. Speaking of bush fires, the Narrabri Herald of Deoember 31 remarks that the nights' horizon has been lit up daring tbe past week with the refleotion of bosh fires in many quarters. Boon Baa run has been burning; the Gande lrmin bullock paddock has had the fire run over ft goodly por tion of it, and it took all hands all they knew to get it under, and on Saturday night last there was a bright light in the heavens up Eulah Creek way. The grass is, good ness knows, short enough in supply without its being burned up. Traveller* cannot be too careful with their pipe lights these times; many a most destructive confla gration has been caused by the thoughtless dropping of a lighted match, and hundreds on hundreds of aores of valu able feed— the squatters and selectors last hope against a season or drought, such as now seems impending— have been thus swept away and lost to them. It it true, the earth has been lately a o parched, the herbage to dry, and the heat so intense, that spontaneous combustion has not impossibly started these fires. We onre saw a bush fire originate -through the concentration of the son's rave through the bottom of a broken white glass bottle; that fire did not spread, bnt many others may have arisen from just such simple cause. Still to all we would say : Be careful with fire^ in any form,, just now. Let all observe the golden rale : 'Ho unto raters as you would be done by.'7 The report from Hay by the Standard of Deoember 3Qth states that het dry weather has been the rule in this distriot since our feet report, and the accounts from all quarters vary very little in this respeot. The eppearaaoes of a probable change have been frequent ; bat the dark . ominous clouds have all blown over without any perceptible result. At Glen Innes (says the Examiner ot Deoember { 30) there have been moat extraordinary changes, iu tbe ! temperature during the past week ; from heat at midday to cold at night ana morning, rendering fires a very agree able adj'unct to comfort. The showers whioh have fallen during the past few weeks have had the effect of clothing the district with a thick sward of grass ; and the grass hopper, the terror and destroyer of other districts, is here : unknown. The Gund«reo correspondent of the Yass Courier , 6th instant, writes that the harvest ooming iu so soon, owing to the ary weather, no doubt aooonnts for it ; all ate busy reaping, and don't like to leave their work. The weather is now very dry and warm, and it is likely there will be a large quantity of pinched wheat, owing to the di yness of the season. The Crookwell correspondent of the Goulburn Herald, 6th instant, reports that the season has been very unfavourable for grass. Certainly we are favoured above many other localities, and the stock in the district ia now looking well. If, however, rain does not soon, visit us there will be a great falling-off, and the end of the season will show a very scanty supply of feed. The crops are Bomewhat better than might nave been expected —proving the adaptability of the soil in this distriot to yield a fair crop in almost any condition of the season. Fruits of the gooseberry, raspberry, blaok currant, and suoh kinds are in abundance. We have seen gooseberries and blaok ouTTants which could not be produced in greater perfection in any part of the world. Unfortunately, no means are at hand to conserve these valuable fruits. We predict that in a few years time it will be found expedient to have an Argyle Presferving Company, so that our money shall not go to Hobart Town for this commodity. The Maitland Mercury of Tuesday states that some very fine samples of fruit are arriving in town, and the shops of the fruiterers in town display many tempting varieties, inoluding peaches, nectarines, plunu, apricots, cherries, pears, apples, bananas, and even grapes. We have seen some ohoice peaches and nectarines in some of the windows, but it is perhaps a little too early to expect muoh in the way of grapes yet. However, the season all through the distriot is a prosperous one, more so than vignerous have been favoured with for many years past, and we may therefore expect, ere long, to see a good show of grapes in the market. Peaches and nectarines are not expeoted to be plentiful this season, but if we are to judge by the samples now on view, they promise to make up in quality, what they are deficient in quantity. Pears are also scarce ; but there are some splendid apples to be had, and they will be moderately plentiful. 