BULLI. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. ) On Thursday afternoon last, the wire rope on the "incline" broke, the result being the smashing of two waggons. Just as the brakeman and the guide-rope man were letting go a loaded waggon at the top of the incline the rope snapped asunder, near the shackle at the lower end, at which place it appears to have been very much worn. It may be imagined with what fearful velocity the waggon darted off under such circumstances. It kept on the rails all the way down, however, and fortu- nately the points were open, otherwise it would have run into a number of full waggons that were standing near hand. One waggon that was in its way, however, was smashed to fragments, as was the runaway itself, fragments of both waggons flying in all directions for a distance around. A bridge about half way down the line being on fire at the time, a number of men were endeavoring to extinguish it, and it was most fortunate that they escaped being served by the desperado as was the waggon at the bottom. Whilst referring to fire, I may state that this locality has been enveloped in a dense cloud of smoke for several days from bush-fires, by which means the bridge to which I have alluded was set alight. I have not heard of any serious damage being done by those fires yet, but it is to be feared that it will not end so, if this hot and windy weather continues. The Coal Company's new steamer Woonona has j made one trip from here to Melbourne. It is stated that on her return from that, port, however, it was found necessary to overhaul some parts of her machinery, which required some rearrange- ment. It is satisfactory to learn that the Woonona can be loaded with as much ease and dispatch as can the Bulli, though the carrying capacity of the former is nearly double that of the latter. \----------------------------------------------- Methopohtan and Ii.lawap.ra Railway. — This grand project, so full of vital consequences to the future progress and prosperity of the South Coast districts, as well as to the port ox Sydney and the colony generally, has reached a most important stage of its advancement. As will bo noticed else where in this issue, and as many of our readers are already aware, the; Government havo placed the sum of £7-10.000 011 tho Estimates for the con struction of the line from Sydney to 'Wollongong. This amount is probably intended to cover not only tho cost of constructing the lino, but also that of compensation and tho extra plant that will bo required to carry on the works. The item has only to pass one more stage to make the commence ment or cue ;ue„ropomau auu .Liiimumi j.x,u,:m .iy an accomplished fact. This means the voting of the amount by Parliament, a matter about which there need be little fear, if the members of tho House will only view the great importance of the project in its true light, and study the best inte rests of the colony, us they are in diity bound to do. Jury List. — A full Bonch of Magistrates is summoned for Thursday next, to revise the Jury List, at which time any persons having reasons to 1 urge against their names being retained 011 the list should make their appearance and application in Court. Concert at Bulli. — The Choir of the Congre gational Church, which has recently gained woll deserved celebrity as regards the rendering of vocal music, is announced to giva a concert of sacred songs and solos in the \Vesle3'au Church, Bulli, on Thursday ovening next. All Saints' Ciiuhch. — Tho now Church of England at Macquarie River will be opened to morrow, by tho Bishop of Sydney; who arrived per steamer on Friday last, and was driven to Iviama by the Rev. J. H. Rcwsell. We under stand the Bishop preached at Kiama on Sunday/ The arrangements for tho services to-morrow, at All Saints' Church, will be noticed by the adver tisement announcing tho same. Fires. — During the whole of yesterday and Sunday the district throughout, from tho sea shore to beyond the mountain ranges, was thickly interspersed with blazing fires, in all directions. A great deal of fencing has been destroyed in that way already, in different parte of the district, and : it is to be feared that still more', serious conse quences' will result from fires, should tho present -blasting winds and burning weather continue for any length of time, ? Borough Council. — A meeting of tho Wollon gong Borough Council was held on Friday last, Aldermen Laliitf, Clarke, Anstoy, Collins, ancl 'Palmer being present. Iri the absonce of tho Mayor, Alderman Lahiff was voted to the chair-. | The correspondence outwards comprised communi cations to the Councils of Central and North Illawarra, inviting them to a conference to con sider- the new Municipalities Act prepared by Mr. Pigott, and to the Colonial Treasurer, giving cer-: tain information relative toPoundfees. The only -correspondence . inwards- was from Mrs. T. W. Garlick, - to the effect that she had a number of books suitable for a public library, which- she was prepared to dispose of to tho Council. This com munication was received and ' referred to tho Library Committee. Tho; copy of a lottor written by the Mayor to tho Minister for Works, directing the attention of that Officer to the deplorable state of the Wharf Road, and the absolute necessity of its repair being effected .'without further delay, was read, together with a reply thoreto, to the effect that, prior to tho receipt of tho communication, instructions had been given to have tho road put in thorough repair forthwith. A report from tho | Finance Committee, recommending payment of accounts amounting to £35 lis., was read, tho sum being made up of rent of chamber, Clerk's salary, and laborer's wages. Aldermen Lahiff and Anstey expressed their disappointment at the account for the books purchased for tho Free Library not being upon the pay-sheet. _ As the purchase of the books was a cash transaction, the account for tho same should have been paid at once. By this oversight the Council would be liable to tho loss of some £11. They did hot know how it was that tho Mayor had not put the sum upon the pay-sheet. The report wa3 then adopted, and the meeting terminated. Concert at Macquarie Rivkr. — A concert of vocal and instrumental was hold in the C. E. schoolroom, at Macquarie River, 011 the evening of chu 3rd instant. The attendance numbered about 100 persons, tho chair being occupied by Mr. S. Marks. After a very choice programme had been gone through in a most pleasing and success ful maimer by a nuiuber of lady and gentlemen amateurs, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to tho performer::, and was responded to by Air. Oawdell, who hoariily thanked those present for their attendance and sympathy. He stated that flio j W.'W.. -.,..? !q r,f 111,. rnlH'nl-f, would tie devoted to purchasing prize books for tho children attending the school, theat ho had ordered between six and seven pounds worth of books for this purpose, which books the children woidd receive before being dismissed for the Christmas holidays; Tho Chairman complimented tho performers upon the success which attended their efforts. Ho said that though he iiad frequently attended concerts in tho metropolis, . tho performance upon the present occasion would compare favorably with any ho ever had tho pleasure of attending. Ho raid the way ill which Ml', and Airs. Oawdell had brought out the juvenile portion of the performers reflected the highest cradit upon them, and- showed the beneficial effects of careful and judicious training. After some remiu'ka fvor.i Mr. Hall iu a similar strain, a vote of thanks to the Chairman and the singing of the Nat ional Anthem brought the pro ceedings to a close, — Cori'iapMidcat, 