MELBOURNE. . Friday. . Atiormopyioo, s.a., from London, has arrived, after a passago of 65 days. Hcnnossy's pale brandy is in dainand for ox- port at 7s. lOJd ; and Martoll's, dark, at 8s Hd. Ophohoimor, oimrgod with iinporiingindecont photographs, has had his goods forfeited. A coafcrenoo of Astronomers is to bo held in unroo wooks. David AVliite, who recently arrived hero from iaramatta, has boon arrested tinder the Influx Criminal Act, and ordered to 'leavo the colony witlun sovon days. Tlio Age strongly condemns Mr. Robertson's conduct in asking a nomihoe member to form a ministry. Tho Argus counsole conciliatory moasuros, and considors tho position ono of considerable (lifliaulty. The Treasury gives £100 to tho fund for tho relief of tho sufferers by tho into bush-fires. (FROM It CORRESPONDENT.) CHARTERS TOAYERS. Friday. Tlio body of a liowly-bom foinalo child was found suffocated, last night, in a watoi'-olosct, a string being tied round its uoclc and a stono attaohed.' Tlio iucdloal evidence proved tlint tlio child was woll uouriHiicd, and tlmt suffocation had caused death. Tlio mother,.. Margaret AVortli, is under arrest. (From the Brisbane nancrs.) Georoetown; Fobruary 1. Yesterday morning tho blacks oliasod two sawyora— Germans— into tho township from tlioir cam), four miles out; and afterwards robbed then- hut of ovorything movcahlo. A party of voluntcora started without delay for tlio purposo of dispersing tliom, and aftor meeting witii somo rcsistauco Bticcccdcd in driving tlio blades for a distanoo of ton miles down tlio Etlioridgo Rivor. Tlio blneks proved vory determined, anil used their spoars freely. Great indignation is oxprossod by tlio towns people tliat tlio dotaoliment of native police is stationed so far away from Georgetown. Four valitablo draught lioracs havo lately been speared witlliu two miles of tho township. Mails. — Tlio outward mails closo at tlio post- office at sevon tills morning, for Mnekny anil Nobo, por tlio s.s. Blaok Swan. The European, Hotel. — Hotel proporty in Rockhampton scorns to bo ono of tho fow things that return n fair interest for tho capi tal invested. A few months sinco the abovo hotel was purchased by Messrs. Flynn and Laioty ; and, though doing mainly a bar trado, tlio formor lias already bought out tho latter at a liandsomo figure. Mr. Flynn is well known iu Gympic and on tlio Nortliorn diggings, and no doubt will ho Bought aftor by his old friends when Minv lrii/titr iifliAVA fft fitirl liitn Larmkinism. — Some of tlioso gantry — and a nico crop is growing up amongst lis — hnvo began their pranks on tlio opposite sido of tlio rivor, and mado Mr. Pcnc's Gordons tho nbjoct of their particular attentions. For somo timo past,' Mr. Pono obsorvoil a rapid dccreaso in tho ponohos, his pumpkins nnd molons disnp- ficarcd as if by magio— his grapes vanisliing, and lis garden was ovidently being nightly stripped of a portion of its fruit and vogotnblos. Tlio peaches and grapes might havo boon dostroyod by tho flying foxes, but tho disappcnranco of tlio pumpkins nnd melons pointeil to a fox of anothor brood. Hence, Mr. Pono kopt wntcli and captured tho tliiof, who was tlio leador of tho gang thnt htui boon systematically dispos ing liim, nnd vory properly summoned tlio dofendor, whom, liowovor, ho ultimately par doned at tho intercession of tho boys' fathor — a picoo of mistaken leniency in our opinion — and whioli, wo shrewdly siispeot, lio will regret. In condoning such an offonoo, Mr. Fcuo should remember tliat lio owes n duty to his neighbors as woll ns to himself. Tiib Capricorn Lighthouse.— Tho Mary Queen, with tlio mntorials of n lighthouso for Cnpo Capricorn, arrived in Kcppol Bay a day or two ago from Brisbimo ; and tho Ala bama, which lias been ongagad to lighten tbo vossol, loft ou Thursday for Cnpo Capricorn, with tlio first load of materials, which avo nil proporly fitted, aud ready for erection. AVo undorstniid tlint it will tnko the lighter five trips. Tho boon will bo appreciated, ns a lighthouso nt tliis point of Iho coast is imtoh needed. ' 1 Death of a Horse. — A vnluabio draught horse, worth over £30, belonging to tbo estate of Mr. A, AV. S. Smith, died n night or two ago, from wounds rocoivcd last Sunday after noon. As already reported, tlio animal was staked wliilo trying to leap tho fonoo ; and from tho first it was thought doubtful whethor ho would recover. 3i\iCrv«n'1Htay'Vtorof(iH tho lioat of tho weatlier at inst told on him, and succumbed to his fate, aftor a short sti-ugo-lo worn out, apparently, with suffering and fatigue, ns ho could not lio down ,, lblK Pi'F-snYTEiiLVN CnuiiOH—To-moirow tho Rev. Dr. Nolson, of .Toowoomba, is announ- ceil to preach in tlio Presbyterian Church, Derby-street, morning nnd evening. This placo of worship hns boen closed for a fow Sundnvs but wo undorstniid tliat tlicro will now bo rei/n- iar a,al constant supply until n successor to Mr. Coraon lias boon obtained. The adherents of tho Presbyterian body in Rockhampton nro numerous and influential, anil nn earnest energotio, and popular minister is all that is necessary, wo bohovo, to tho re-formation of a largo aiul flounnlung congregation. ivrM?T ,f0si'ui Hall.— AVo undorstniid thnt Hall was arrested on his arrival in Sydnov per Boomerang. Tho warrant will bo for- warded by tlio Bnlolutha. Tlio result is prob- lomutienl. Should Mr. Hull remain in gaol, or cvonin Sydnoy, till tlio arrival of tlio warrant, nnd tlio vnlidity of tho mstruinont bo provod to the satisfaction of tlio authorities there, he will most likely bo scut back to Rookliampton, aud maynmvo by tho Bnlolutlia on hor next Nortliorn trip. Sulphur Curb.— Wo extract from tho Sydney Morning Herald of tlio 28tli ultimo tlio follow ing paragraph, which will bo rend with somo interest, as tlio gontlomnn roforred to (Mr. Huirli ffinaain nni la 1. > ' .. o ZE i , ' , "iIUW" m many .Northern peoplo, for a long timo engaged m mining and pnstornl pursuits in Northern Queensland Unilor tho hood of 'Another Livko Cure, tho Ray of Plenty Times vouches tor the i accuracy of tho following particulars.— Our attention lins boon directed to another re- innrkablo ouro offccootcd by tlio wonderful pro perties of our sidpliur springs. Tho particulars nro briefly as follows :-A Mr. Mossman, of Queensland, a gontlomnn of largo means, had been suffering for tho pnst three years from sovero spinal rheumatism, brought on bv a liorso falling on him, and injuring tho spinal region. After trying to quoto his own words, ' ovorything over heard or thought of, suoli ns Turkish baths, Russian baths (steam bnth), packing, wot bliuikota, homoeo pathy, nUopatliy, &o.;, &e.;, lio sUll folt no better, and as a dernier ressort was induced to como over to Now Zonlnnd to try tho offoct of tho waters of tlio Rotoiu-a distriot. Mr. Mossman, attended by n servant, built and lived in d wharo for two months, bathing tliroo times a day in tllQ wnlrrft nf Tit/itnuA nn t . i i — T i»«zv »r uiiKjuowarown. for which prmloo ho paid tlio natives tho sum of nhnnfT®f' ,1'kitci'oisn splendid waterfall of about lo foot, tlio water of which is a whitish yoUow, causing tho skin after a littlo whilo to becomo quite dark. Ho states thnt lio daily and porooptibljr grow strongor, nnd tliat instead of, as hithorto, fooling disinolinod for sooietv. ana mopisl), -ho rathor courted it aftor two or tlii-eo wooks .bathing. At tho end of two months Mr. Mossman loft tho springs porfeotlv restored, and again, to quoto his own languago, as strong and hearty as over.' Mr. Mossman r'm JTTa 11 Fli',ay la8t Pcr Southern Cross for Auoklntid, en route for Sydney owl Queensland. This euro speaks for itself, anil Air. Alossmnn is living testimony to tho li»..l...r proportios of tho Tauranga sulphur springs." Iho abovo aoconnt is verified inn letter wo reeoi veil from Sydney, in which tho writer states, "I havo seon Mossman, who is tliorouglilv ' restored, and attributes his ouro to iho Tauranga j? uench and txerhan AVar.— The general opinion that Louis Napoleon was forced into tho late war has boon fully endorsed by Princo Ronton5 t» .d,lril,8 a donate in tho Reichstag, on Docomber 5th " I am in nos- . session of oonclnsivo evidenco that tho (Luiinemcal Oomisol was cut short on ncooiint of tho Frdiioo-Prussinn wnr. It would hnvo boon vory difforont had tho French boon th«t Ci W fr'oul ">o vory bost sources that Napoleon was dragged into tlio war very ffi't m6"''18' i Is wil1. by Je8»iMonl infiuoncc. He strove hard to resist this inflnonco. At tlio oloventh honr he dotormined on peaco, and kept his resolution half an honr. Ultimately uPaSP""'0r0d by P0rBon8 ropreEt;nU"K A TnE Northern Territory. — From a copY of tlio Times , published at Palinorstont w soloot tlio following items, merely premising that tho paper lias been nearly tliroo months on tlio way down : — Mr. JoluiHton, who arrived in town from tlio Shackloon Tuesday last, brought down 200 ounooH of alluvial golil from Sandy Crcok. — Mr. Knuokoy and party, with Mr. J ai-vis, second in command, liavo lately ill-rived from Daly AVators Station, mid nro now iu Pnlmerstoii, awaiting tlioir return to-Tort Ade laide. Tlioy liavo boon employed for more than oightcon months orooting iron poles on tlio overland lino ; and it wns (luring tho progress of thnt work thnt Mr. KnurJcoy was called upon to go in scarcil of Mr. Nation— an undertaking for whieli, wo heliove, ho was rewarded by tho Adelaide Government. — Tlio Flying Cloud ar rived from Port Essington, bringing Mr. Lewis nnd party. Nothing wns known of Formnm and Bon-odailo, and, therefore, tlio fato of' tlioso two missing mon remain in obsourity. Lewis' party, who wont tlirengh from Yam Creek to Port Essington in twenty days, fotuid tlio natives a littlo troublesome on tho East Alli gator, but tho journoy on tlio wholo was a vory smooth ono. Man tub Fell Destroyer.— Tn tlio stato of Kansas, U.S', thoro nro sovornl hundreds of mon ongugod in tlio slaughter of tlio buffnloos which graze over tlio vast plains of tho AArost. Tlioso animals in many places nro butchorod for tho snko of tlioir skin and bones Only. Tlio latter fatoh about a pound a ten, doltvoreil at tho nearest railway station, and somo idea may ho formed of tho awful destruction which is going on whon wo state that in littlo more than tlirco months, ovor 60,000 hides wore sont to tho stations in tlio western divisions of tlio At chison, Copoku, and Santa Fo railroad. The utter extermination of tlio nnimnl is inoroly a question of timo, liko thnt of tho seal and tlio wlialo. Mr. Blnokmoro, an English travclior in tho neighboring region of Colorado ostimatcs tho yearly destruction of buffaloes on tlio plains tlicro at from l,000,0r0 to 1,600 000. And tliis nbominnblo work of maBsnoro is ac tually roforred to by somo of tho Amorionu journals ns ono of tlio triumphs of civilisation ! Can suoli a stato of tilings onduro P 