LOCAL NEWS. The Second Sheet of the "Mercury.''-Our second sheet contains advertisements ; poetry " the origin of the fan ;" the continuation of the new tale, " Colonel CaDyngton's Daughter ;" report of the openirg of S. Alban's Church School, Muswell- brook ; an abridged report of the meeting of the labouring men in Sydney in connection with the current dispute ; a summary of tbe new Queensland Education Act; notice of Keely's new American motor; beer-brewing in West Maitland, an article describing the process of beer-making at Messrs. Williams and Cohen's new brewery ; articles-" the marble floor at the University in Sydney," and "Eangaroos in Riverina;" district news; Maitland price current ; and several news paragraphs. Spelling-bee at Woodville.-A very suc- cessful spelling-bee was held at Woodville on Wed- nesday evening, under the direction of the Woodville Mutual Improvement Society. There was a large attendance at the bee, which was held in the school- room, and there were seventeen competitors. After an interesting contest, the prizes were awarded to Miss Susan Swan, first, this competitor not having made a mistake in a single word ; Master Willy Wynn, second : and Mr. Benjamin Long, third. The bee was productive of great amusement, and another is already talked of. NEW MUSIC .- Mr. J. R. Clarke, of Sydney, has forwarded us copies of two pieces of music, now very popular in Sydney. One of them, the song " Please give me a Penny," made first popular by the singing of a well-known artiste, in Sydney, is described to us by musical persons as hardly equal to its fame, when sung by ordinary persons, although it is a simple pleasing song. The other song, "The Flower Show, or the Rose, Shamrock, and Thistle," is stated to be more worthy of lasting favour in families. The air of the song itself is a modification of an old favourite, "The Spider and the Fly"-and the symphonies played between the verses are 8t. Patrick's Day in the Morning, Auld Langsyne, and God Save the Queen. The whole well sung and played, our musical readers will find well deserwng of inVoduction into their collection. The pieces are excellently engraved and printed, with ornamental titles. The Rev. Charles Clark.-Thiseloquentlecturer is about to visifMaitland in the course of his journey overland from Brisbane to Sydney, after paying a lecturing visit to the former place. Mr. Clark's aub jects are " The Tower of London" and " Charles Dickens," and crowded assemblies in Victoria and South Australia have listened with undisguised plea- sure to bis discourses on these topics. The lecture on Dickens is said to be a means not be surpassed for becoming thoroughly acquainted with our great humourist Mr. Clark passed through Sydney on Tuesday on his way to Brisbane. Major's Inspection.-On Wednesday lust, the Msjor Commanding the Northern Battalion held his Quarterly Inspection of No. 2 Company, but owing to its being so near the end of the quarter many members were unable tq,attend, and in conse- quence there were not enoughtto count for a mark. The Major expressed himaelf very well pleased with the appearance of those that did attend, and especi- ally wifh the marked improvement in marching. The rifles also, with the exception of one, were in their usual good order. Volunteer Inspection. - On Wednesday the Sauchie House Cadets were inspected by Major Bolton. There were on the ground-1 officer, 4 non- commissioned officers, and 32 rank and file. The Maim- firor nimiioi) the. arm. .n/1 onT,,*.T.,..».. major nrsr. examinea toe arms ana accoutrements, and had the company proved by its color-sergeant. The cadets then showed their knowledge of com- pany and light infantry drill, under" the charge of drill- instructor Beaumon. At the close, the Major expressed his satisfaction with the appearance of the corps, and urged the importance to boys of culti- vating a correct military bearing. A .Local Journalist.-Many of our readers will be glad to learn that Mr. Chas. Lyne, (son of the gentleman of that name in the Newcastle railway department) has recently received such an offer as to induce him to leave the Evening News for theliterary staff of the S. M. Herald, where he will have more extensive scope for the exercise of abilities not often belonging to colonial writers. Mr. Lyne commenced writing for the press in Newcastle, and has for the last twelve months been sub-editor of the Evening News, and tbat paper has been much benefitted by the bias of his mind, which has pervaded every column during his regime.-He is but a young man, and we prophesy a brilliant career before him as a journalist-Miner's Advocate. To Destroy Insect Pests.-A correspondent of the Ceyltm Observer recommends spirits of turpentine for the destruction of ants and other noxious insects. A little spirits of turpentine dropped into nests will destroy them. A spoonful (be Bays) mixed in a measure of dry earth, shaken round the roots of a tree, and covered over, will either kill or drive away grubs, earth-worms, and other injurious insects. It must be covered over or it evaporates quickly, and before it has-its-desired- effect I tried limer lime and salt, tobacco, and -Several »other remedies, hut found none so cheap and so efficient as turpentine. I believe it is not injurious to the tree, for I tried very strong doses of it to several plants without any apparent bad result. I wish others would try it where the grub is bad, and on a larger scale than I have been able, and I am sure they will find it an ex- cellent remedy. Kerosene^il ia also worina trial, but it takes longer to act . I believe either Kerosene oil or turpsntine will rta the trees of bog, Tin Ore from the Northern District.-Re-? turn of tia ore received at the -Newcastle and Mor- peth railway stations for the week ending 24th September, 1876:- From Murrurundi)to. Newcastle," 16 tons 6 cwt 2 qrs. 4 lbs. ; Murrurundi to Morpeth; 20 tons 15. cwL-Q qrs. 14 lbs.; Murrurundi to^riew- . castle (omitted last week), 3 qrs. 23 lbs. Total, 36 ' tons 2 cwt. 2 qrs, 13 lbs.-& M. Herald. Gum Trees in California.-While we are l destroying trees as fast as we can, other countries ! are cultivating them. The following observations j ure worth notice as an example and inducement : According to a Los Angelos paper, one of the most j successful new industries in California is that of the j Irrest Glove Company, which was organised last December for the purpose of planting 200 acres with eucalyptus or blue gum trees. Some 40,000 trees have been.Aat.out, and are.making rapid.growths The seed was planted in small boxes, and the plants nrowu until about three inches high. They are then transplanted into boxes 20 x.24 inches, in rows two leet apart, and left until the young trees are six to eightinches-high, at which time they are ready to be transplanted into the field. The ground is well broken and put in good condition. The trees are set eight feet apart in the rows. In setting out the trees in the fields a " transplanter" is used. This trans Uauter was invented especially for this business hy- the managing aident of the Company, and is ona of the most successful instruments ever used for trans- planting a-ees. It consists of an inside and outside cylinder. On the outside cylinder is a, handle for pressing the outside cylinder down into the ground, cutting out a plug of earth. The inside cylinder has a rim shoulder on the lower end, by which the plug of dirt' is pressed out. After cutting a bole in the ground where the tree is to be set, the transplanter is Bet over one of the plants io the box, and a plug of earth containing the roots of the small tree is cut out and set down in the hole first cut to receive it. About a pint of water is then poured around each plant, and it requires no more water. Some 40,000 trees, set out in this way when about 10 inches, are now, with less than two months' growth, nearly two feet high, and are making a most vigorous growth. At the present rate the trees~ will be four to ten feet high by next December. The company have some 80,000 plants on hand, with which the remaining part of tua land will be set out. The scarcity of umber will,' it is stated, render these forests first-class pecuniary in- vestments. Sale of Pure-bred Cattle.-Yesterday Mr. J. C. Irving, of Tomki, Richmond River, sold to the Honorable .E. D. Ogilvie, of . Yulgilbar, on the' Clarence, the imported bull "Knightley King," 5 years old, by Karl ot Rosedale (26072), dam Clarice (ot Sir Charles Knightley blood), by Mameluke (13289), A.c., &c; aud 4tb Duke of Cambridge,bred ut-ïomki, 5 years old, got by Young Labluche (318), dam, the celebrated imported cow (bred by Jonas Webb) Drawing-room Rose, by Count de Gancy (K632), from ihe Beauty,-by Puritan (9523), 4c, 4c.;for400 guineas. These bulls have been successfully used in I the'tomki herd for the last three years.-Herald of Wednesday. How do Rocxs Grow?-This is a question that is oftea asked, partly os a jest, when people are talking about gold and otbe,r mineral discoveries. An unexpected answer to the query has been fur- nished, und is being furnished, by the deep-sea dredging operations that have' been proeecuted of late years., A late number of the Scientific American summarises the information thus ob- tained. It appears that deposits of rock-making material are going on all over the various oceans at ;. the present time. The menus employed by the' Creator in this grand reproductive work, is by the sinking of the remains of-dead animálculo: to the bottom of the sea. Myriads on myriads of animal- cule inhabit the waters of the ocean, and as the successive generations of these die, their remains their shells, or frames- sink to the bottom. There, by some agency not yet quite clear, these remains become gradually converted into greensand mud in the shallow seas, into silicious or calcareous mud in the deeper waters, and into a red clay (composed of red oxide of iion, and alumina) in the deepest water. How the remains ara so changed in results, accord- ing to the depth of the water that lays above them, is not yet positively ascertained, but* it is believed from experiments to be due to the presence of acids at one depth which are not existent at* another. While the occurrence, ut corresponding depths, of either un. extent ,of silicious mud, or of calcareous; mud, appears to be co-existent with the cold orí warmth ot the climate, which influences apparently the particular species of animalcule which can live I in the water. of the polar or the tropical seas. These various classes of mud, by certain traceable metamorphic agencies, are believed to eventuate in layers of nearly all the varieties of rock known to us, including many which were previously supposed to have had no connection, with organic life, Grant- ing all this to be correct, or approximately correct, we bave another illustration on the grand scale ot the perpetual- motion agencies employed by the Creator,-the one set in constantly re-forming rocks, the other set in constantly grinding rocks down into stones, into pebbles, into dust. The Weather and Grass Phospects in Riv- erina.-The Pastoral Tim's of Sept 25 says:-The heat of Sunday and Monday last al Deniliquin was succeeded by genial rain on Tuesday, which ought to give us a good supply of grass and herbage for the summer. A wet September, or a moderate fall of raiu in that mouth, betokt ns good prospects for the following summer. We regret to perceive that the grasshopper pest has again made its appearance here. Notwithstanding the heavy rains that fell since the invaders took their departure from Riverna South, it is believed that the ova of the grasshop- pers'have-not been all destroyed, excepting where bush-fires bave put an end to them, and we much fear that tbey will again spring up here. In the early days of settlement on the Edward they were seen, but in such small quantities as not to excite much attention and no anxiety, but they have evidently of late years gone on increas- ing in quantity and in their power to destroy, and it is feared that they have become acclimatised here, and that they ought to be accepted as one of the drawbacks« pastoral enterprise. .We are assured that the ova are incased in a cretaceous cr-vering, render- ing them lmr/ervious to water. Let us, however, hope that we may not for many years be troubled" with the winged host that did so much damage dur- ing the past summer. So plentiful are grasses and herbage at Deniliquin, that during the week a man employed by the Town Council has been mowing the Bides of the streets not used for; traffic purposes. But though food for cattle and sheep is abundant, it is not possessed of those nutritive properties gene- rally conceded to the saltbush country, where mode- rate seasons pay best Cost of Wheat-growing in South Australia. The Adelaide Observer of Sept l8 says:-It appears that the Railw.iy Commissioners forwarded circulars to several faraiei's with a view to ascertaining the usual price paid for all the labour involved in grow- ing a crop of wheat, and getting it ready for market. The results of their enquiries are recorded in a tabu- lated statement which contains the -particulars furnished by thirteen farmers. Upon examining in detail the information thus brought together, respect- ing each operation necessary to the cultivation of a crop, it appears that the greatest variation occurs in the rates paid for preparing the ground for the seed. Thus the cost per acre oi ploughing newland ranges from 7s. at Rochester to 18s. at Maitland, the average being a little over 11s. For ploughing stubble land from 5s. to 12s. 6d. is paid, or an average of 8s. 3d. In most instances the cost of pickling, sowing, and harrowing is put down at 2s. or 2s. 6d. per acre,; but one farmer at Smithfield pays as much as 6s. for these operations, and another on the Broughton pays only a shilling less. The rates for reaping vary from 3s per acre-^which. must be for a poor crop-to 11s. for a crop averaging from IO to 12 bushels per acre; but the general price is about 6s. Winnowing and bagging cost twopence or twopence-half-penny per bushel,excepting at Mait- land, where threepence is the ruling rate. We turn now to the figures respecting the total cost per acre, exclusive of- seed-wheat, from which an ordinary crop can be grown. Taking the crops on new land first, the lowest price given is 14s, and the highest £1 12s 6d, the average being £1 4s. Upon stubble land, one farmer is able to produce a crop at 12s. per acre, but in contrast to this another pays X1 6s. 9d., while the average cost is £1 Os. 4d. As these figures apparently represent the rates actually paid by prac- tical farmers in districts nortb, east, and westof Ade- laide, it is probable that they furnish au approximate idea of the average cost of wheat-producing through- out the colony. The Herzegovina.-A correspondent at Ragusa of the Pester Lloyd gives some information as to tbe seat of the insurrection in the Herzegovina. "The whole province," he says, "is not more than 200 square miles in extent, about 30 of which are fields, 40 woods, 25 meadows, and 95 are totally barren. Barely a third, therefore, of the soil affords any pro- vision for man or beast; and even in favourable years the Herzegovina does not produce suffi- cient corn and maize for the wants of its inhabitants. Aa to manufactories, there are none whatever, except in the town of Focsa, on the right bank- of tile Drina}, which produces woollen, leather, and iron', goods, and keeps up a busy traffic with RaguA. ' Tbe population of the province is a little over 200,000, one-half of whom belong- to the Greek1 Church, the rest being either Mahomedans or Roman Catholics, As religion is, lp. Turkey, a much more powerful element thas nationality, the Mahomedans, I Roman Catholics, and Greek Catholics look upon each other as^strangdrs, though they all belong to the same race/ The Romin Catholics, indeed, are,so hostile to the ipembers of the Greek Church that they rather sympathise with the Mahomedans. In all the Herzegovinianinsurrections the Greek Catho- lics have taken the le|d, while the Roman Catholics huTTO moinroinort ot < rmnuvntanr Tii-iitTalif^ tn. have maintained a' ' benevolent neutrality" to- wards the Turks. The head- quarters of the present rising is the table-land qf lieveainye, where there is a village of the same- name with some 1,200 inhabi- tants. The total population 4f this district is not not more than 3,700, and the Correspondent thinks that if the Turkish Government would send adequate reinforcements to its weak garrisons at Mostar, Tre binye) and Bilek, it would have no difficulty in sup- pressing tile insurrection." __ - TreaíÍent in Case .tie Burns.-A correspon- dent. writéB,to a provincial paper:-?' It is with phin that from day to day I see accounts in your paperWf people' being burnt and scalded, even to death, wittf out either medical relief or their friends ïf or want of ' knowledge) being able to relieve them or their'suffer- ings; and seeing in this morning's paper Dr. McCrea's suggestion for burns, I beg to submit the following, which I copied from the Lancet whilst staying with a medical friend in London some years ago. Take chalk, and linseed or common oil, and mix them in such proportions as will produce a com- pound as thick as boney, then add vinegar so as to reduce it to tlieUbickness of treacle ; apply with a feather or BoftWOsh, and renew the application from time to Hme, each renewal brings fresh relief anft^a most grateful coolness. If the injury is severe, e& pecially if it involves the chest, give ten drops of laudanum to an adult, and Tepeat it'an bôur/anà again a third time. To a-child of ten years give in like manner, only three drops, and beware(9f giving any to. an infant. This plan, with, an iBternaljjtuná lant according to age, aÁJbrandy or salvolatile, or both, should be at once adopted, and there need be no impatience for the arrival of the often distant doctor/1 The Strike at the Wharfs in Sydney.-The Herald ot Thursday sayjLtr-WA understand that at the wharfs and other places pKacted by the recent strike of the Labour Union men, the employers have found no difficulty in obtaining all thd hands that they required at the rates of wages current before the late disagreement, -._JÍ-_-. / Sacred Heart College.-As will be seen from J our advertising columusf the Sacred Heart College vill be solemnly opened to-morrow, Sunday. The ceremonies (will take:place in the College grounds, mid commence at'eleven o'clock. His Grace the Coadjutor-Archbishop of Sydney, and their Lordships the Bishops of Maitland, Brisbane, Hobart Town, Goulburn, Armidale, Ballarat, and Sandhurst will be present. Archbishop Vaughan will preach, and after I lie sermon there will be a collection in aid of paying >-ff the debt incurred by the purchase of the house .uid ground. '1 he Bishop of Maitland, when pur- chasing this property, intended it for a residence for himself and clergy, and as such it has been used ; but so anxious is bis Lordship to place within reach pf the Catholics'ot the district the means of obtáua ng a first-class education, that he bas given np his home, and that too before be has been able to obtain, > "ne in its stead. Such a sacrifice ahows how zealous' i>is Lordship is in, the cause of superior education, ?tnd it is to be hoped that his noble exertions will be well supported by generous offerings on Sunday next Infancy .with .a college, as with everything, i lse, is a time of weakness ; and if the new college is hampered witb a heavy debt? the moneys which would be devoted to enlarging and otherwise con- tributing to the efficiency of the institution will be -wallowed up in-paying interese. That the college, might be initiated under favourable monetary' clr-, runistances, the Catholics at Singleton, Merriwa, Cassilis, Murrurundi, &c;, bave already subscribed very generously, and there is no doubt that the Catholics of Maitland, who will benefit more directly hy the college, will not be behind in their contribu- tions. We notice that for the convenience of per- sons attending the ceremony Walter Taylor's 'buses will run from near the Cathedral to the College grounds at quarter-past ten and at a quarter to eleven, -Cor. Grand United Circus Company.-Messrs. Bur- ton and Taylor, ot this renowed company, have sent', torward word that they will perform in West Mail- " land on October 11th and 12th as will be seen else- ' where. Senior-constable Mackay.-This faithful sèr-' rant of the public, who has at last retired upon a .tension of £65 a year, has well-earned his repose. He served seven years and seven months in the Lon Jon Metropolitan Police force, and has been twenty two years and three months in tbe police force of this colony. He has been a senior-couBtable for twelve years and a half, and was stationed for seven years at Maitland. For the past three years he has jean acting gaoler at Narrabri. A Vice-Regal Snub.-Is there " a divinity that .loth hedge" an Acting-Governor P Sir William Stawell, who occupies that position in Victoria, does things that a real live Governor, for so, acting, .vould be hauled over the coals, and insulted by noisy democrats at public meetings. He would be told that the Constitution was in danger, and that' Im had ipnnnrdispri it Fnnr*v Sit- Wat-niiloa Rnhin .io uuu jcupuiu.acu lb. X tkUK.y 011 UClUUlCo JfcUUUl son presuming to tell the Sovereign Assembly that* dissolutions were not granted as penal measures, dud ought not to be asked-for on-BUch grounds; and f.incy the added audacity of telling Her Majesty's Opposition, in the tone of a provokingly well-in- formed lecturer, that they had duties to per- form, equally well understood as the func- tions of the Government? Sir William Stawell has dared to do all that. He has done more. He has Invaded the sacred right of petition. He has snubbed a body of petitioners.. When i the Kerferd Government asked for a dissolution, be declined on the ground, among others, that there had been no indication of a popular desire, so far as. public meetings might show it, for an appeal to the country. The Berry Administration, wise in their generation, have endeavoured to manufacture public' opinion, so the Opposition journals allege. Public meetings have been held, inspired by the Government, and from these public meetings petitions,bave' emanated, asking the Acting-Governor to dissolve the Assembly, in case the Berry Government should meet with an-adverse vote in the Assembly.- -Andv j&" this is how Sir William Stawell treats free-bom pe- titioners:-"I am directed by His Excellency to. <i inform you that should circumstances render if, ne- cessary, the petition for a dissolution of Parliament will be carefully and attentively considered ; but I - am to observe that its presentation before those cir- pL cumstances have arisen, and while the subject referretl? to,in the petition is being debated, appears open to misapprehensions calculated to interfere with free discussion in the Senate." Biloela,-The Evening News, speaking of Biloela Bays :-One must travel to be disillusioned, end a visit to this supposed home of the furies will dispel any idea that the scenes which, not many years ago, ' disgraced even the once dread abode of convictism, are enacted now. Instead of unmanageable viragoes and female fiends, there are between fifty and .sixty, little girls all well disposed, tractable and contested The place is scrupulously'clean, and in capital order. The only cause for complaint the matron has is,th»f v as there are no committals to the place, ehe cannot comply with a tithe of the demands for girls required as general servants. There are at present thirty ap- plications in excess of the number ready to ..leave the establishment, in accordance with the rule that they must have been 12 months in it. At tile re- formatory quite as satisfactory a state of things rules. There are nine inmates all tractable, and with no desire but to outvie each other in good behaviour. These " outcasts" bave reclaimed a portion of the -Jf barren rock on which the place stands, and made a series of miniature gardens for themselves and the lady officers. The great want of this institution is the substitution of suitable buildings for the tumble down old rattle-trap now standing. Ammonia and Chloroform.-Professor Halford, in a letter which appeared in the Arous of the' 24th inst, draws attention to the desirableness of medical men being prepared to inject ammonia into the veins, whenever, in administering chloroform, there is an indication of the auosathetic acting as a poison. He recommends that cblorof ormista should have the syringe ready at a moment's notice, for .it is only by its immediate use that any good can be donei Life or death is «question of seconds, and if the ammonia is to be used at all in this way, it must be used promptly. On the question of whether ammonia is of value in chloroform - poisoning, he entertains no doubt and he is' right; for however much con- troversy there may have been, and probably still will be, as to its efficacy in snake poisoning, there can be- bone whatever that it is tbe most efficient restorative in impending death from chloroform. Experiments upon dogs bave shown that an animal ~ may be virtually killed-that is to say, that chloro- form may be administered to a point at which the heart ceases to pulsate-and yet that the intro- duction of amhionia into the veins will restore the circulation and effect recovery. Examples of its use on the -bwpari Bubject are corroborative of it* . value in this respecfl It is not reassuring to (those? , who may have occasion to have chloroform ad- ministered to them, tojknow that fatal results.have, , happened during its ^employment-.even with the greatest care in its adminisTtation ; and when there has been, moreover, a perfectly sound condition of every vital organ in the body., It is not possible eVen for those most skilled in its us^ and having a fa- miliar acquaintance with the^tsWiuscope, to say always beforehand if a patient De çvit subject or not to inhale it. For while it hap been taken with perfect impunity by persons steering from organic disease of the heart and lunga, 4t has killed, even wben administered in small quantities, those who have been perfectly sound as to those organs. This being the case, it seems to be something more than expedient to have ready, whenever chloroform is administered, such means of resuscitation as may be employed on the insÇant of dangerous symptoms .showing themselves., Thsr advice is well timed, and we (Argus) hope it may be acted upon. Pickling Cucumbers.-A correspondent of \tha Massachusetts Ploughman Bends a recipe for pickling cucumbers, which be says he has used for.many ',. years. He says :-There are manj simpler methods, but none, I am sure, that can be followed with happier results. Pickles made this way will keep hard and good the year through, and are always,of a -' beautiful «creen colour. Some say that, cucumbers for pickling ought never to be washed or rubbed, as it removes an outside coating and impairs the quality of the pickles. How'true this may be, I have never determined by experiment; but, to be on the safe side we never wash them (unless very dirty) the snccesV . sive scalding» cleauing them sufficiently. ?. Place the cucumbers in an earthen jar and pour over tbem a weak brine, scalding hot, and let them stand in it 24 hours, when it must be turned off, scalded, skimmed, and turned on again to remain another day and scalded again. Now they must be freshened by pouring over them hot vinegar, and let them stand a few days, when they must be put into cold cider vinegar, add- ing horseradish root and any kind of whole spices that one prefers. Btir them occasionally to prevent" scum from rising. Many housekeepers labour with the mistaken idea that pickled vinegar must be scalded every time a white scum rises. It does no good whatever,' only weakens the vinegar, and eventually kills it outright. And just bera let me ask a question,-Why does the scalding of vinegar lessen its strength ? Is not the killing of those minute creatures to which good cider vinegar owes its vitality the cause ? Cu- cumbers should always be picaed early in the morn- ing, wben the dew is on them. Gathered later in the * daj', under a broiling sun, they are wholly unfit to eat This is, no doubt one reason, why they are con- sidered unwholesome by many persons. The Sculling Championship.-Trickett the sculler, who beat Laycock on the Parramatta River on the 10th instant, has challenged all cornera to contest for the championship of New South Wales. Michael Rush, of Grafton, is at present the holder of the belt ; and jesterday some of his friends tele* > graphed the challenge to him. Rush's reply ii | anxiously expected, as, in case of his declining.to pull,,Trickett will probably be sent home by sub- scription, to represent Australia in England.-Evetf , ing Nhes. " Frequently Sober."-The London correspon- dent of toe Argus tells this good story :-A gentle- man waa Bending away his Irish butler for no exemplary conduct, but who, like.most masters, was willing to make the best of him, when be was going to plague somebody else, made this parting speech* - -" I have said you are bonest, John, with a goodj conscience ; but I haye stretched a point in saying you are sober." " Sure» your honour, could you not stretch another pdint then, and say, lam frequently sober." , , A Royally Luxurious Voyage.-Referring f» the Prince of Wales' visit to India, the Army ana Navy Gazette of July 24 says:-"The Serapia and the Royal yacht Osborne will leave Portsmouth on or about October. 6, taking in coal at Malta, and ! reaching Brindisi, where his Royal Higbnesá and suite will embark, on October 16 or 17. A guard of honour of 100 marines, and a capj tain, will be sent ont in tbe Serapia, , So,far,,88 at present arranged, the number of persona On bbaM the Serapis will not exceed 400, and as she has 8j£ commodatbn for 1000, it will be possible to reader the ship thoroughly roomy, and with this object ill * unnecessary cabins and fittings, are beiótr removía A general clearance has been made on?' tiff '? main deck, with the exception of His Royal High neas'n cabin, reception, and dining-rooms, on tile port side, thus making an excellent promenade andloungi ing place, extending 150ft by 30ft. wide. An entry for the sole use of "the Prince will bemade>oa¿hg -, promenade, and from this a handsome stautaia ' will lead up to the saloon deck. The juit&vi;ñjie provided with cabins chiefly on. the*s|arboard side The usual cabins here nave alreafiy been augmented by 19 new one», all of which ara to SSSrdped WBt . eninta,, and furnished with handsome ..bedsteads! ' '# baths', and every appliance calculated to make them 1 comfortable." -, N 