I Sydney Town Talk, j Mr, M'Elhon», M.L.a.., ia his new element, ia evi dently enjoying himself. With the freshnesB of a young volt for tho first time in harness, he combines (be dogged determination of a seasoned old working bul look, and, familiar with farm produce, knows that there is nothing like making hay while tho sun shines. How long tho political sun may continue to aMno upon tho bouse of. ÍM'Elhono \mobscured by tho envious oloud of the rival house of Hungerford there is no knowing, so tho hon. gentleman has a doable reason for giving his constituents such prompt pioofofhis very superior material-first, to justify their late choice, and next, if the ocoasion should arise, toiuduoe them to repeat it. Otherwise, we cannot j. nay that Mr. M'Elhone's oarly rushing to the front of tho fray is likely to do much good either for himself or any one else. Ono may Bmile a' the young enthusiasm that proposes to sot the crooked I «ld world straight at a blow, and even admire the j dashing courage that eeleots the very thickest and J toug ¡eat posts of the great edifice of human humbug to V run its hoad against. But We know what tho end will bo to that unequal combat, and we can guess prettj well what tho end of Mr. M'Elhono will be when, hit "tint wind" exhausted, ho finds that the wall of par liamentary projudico and self interest is harder ever than his skull. Wo Bhould bo sorry to repress th< '«al of any hon. gentleman intent upon iinmolatinf j himself M a forlorn hope against public abuses of an: kind ; bat zeal without discretion is worse than use . loss, and of tho latter quality Mr. M'Elhone seems ti j he as destitute as tho other hon. gentleman who give &ahis; private addroEs "tho Legislative Assembly,' would appear to be of a respectable private residence Whether Mr, Davie J, in moving tho other night for gratuity to tho widow of Sir Charles Cowper, spoke b authority or not, tho manner of tho reception of hi motion did little credit to tho House. Mr. S.O. Brow: w&» potty and petulant, taxing- the lamente I fieatlemau's claim to consideration very muo I 38 if ho were taxing an opponent's bill c i '°äts; Mr. Parkes, grandiosely mean and patric weaily ponurious; and Mr. Piddington-wei £ ill-naturedly logical ns Mr. Piddington at hi «it usaally i8 The most reasonable objeotlon take w the proponed vote was that it would be eBtablishiu *wd precedent, tending to sap tho independence < ^'Public lifo, if tho sorvioos of a distinguished publ: »a were to be recognised by a paltry pension to h *'dow. There might bo something in thiB, if distil ^«hod public men ol' Slr Charles Cowper's sttun a» aa plontiful amongst UH as potty politicians < Bntrtamp °f MeaBr3- Piddington and S. 0. Browi m Rt present thew noemi to ho Utt fear of the Estimates being overcrowded with claims of this character, and possib'y it would not be the worst thing possible for the country if that danger were a little more imminent than it is In any case, which is the more likely to lead to that robu t citizen lifo and spirit of patriotism of whioh Mr. Parkes vapoured so vigorously, the grateful recognition of the services of our distinguished publio men, or the un generous repudiation of their claim to any b.-tter gratitude than that of empty words ? Sweots to the sweet, or, as the Latin has i*, l< similkc similibns," so ono is not surprised that tho much abused sydney water has atlast found a champion in Mr. David Buchanan. He ha« drunk, he trays, of tho water of Botany for years past, at the rate of ten good sized tumblers full a day, and he ought, ho Considéra, if th"s -water was in thé moot inHmtedirrial d gree unwholesome, to have gone dead iong ago. But as we all know ho hasn't, but on tho contrary, through all those water-swilling years has enjoyed tho most robust health, so what, ho asks, triumphantly, " becomes of all tho statements that have been made against the Sydney water?" Well, it will soaroaly, perhaps, ba held that Sydney watet is necessarily pur* and sweet because Mr. Buchanan liappens to iike it. iodeëd the in ference may oven be tho other way, since thö Sydnoy water bei g proved by scientific anv ly «s and the simple test of taste, neither pure nor sweet, it may bs hold that Mr. Buchanan likes it for that very reason. In the matter of beverages thore are curious tastos recordad. The Esquimaux drinks train oil and likes it, and tho voraoious historian Swift, has left record of another rado who drank of a stronger stream even than Sydney's tank, and throve on it robustly. Aa for the fact that the learned water-drinker's ten tumblers a day of sublimated filth have not yet poisoned bini, that is natural enough, " One man's meat is another man's poison," and the same rule will no doubt apply to a man's drink-or at least did, in the days of the Yahoos, Town Talk out of town-Town Talk in the c ^untry, babbling of green fields and rural felioUv generally, dS if the big city and its sins and sorrows were not, and there were no Parliament but of the birds that warble in the day in these sylvan solitudes, and go bo bed with the other primitive inhabitants, with the > un. To be sure it is but a few hours' journey from tho high change and ohatter of George-street, the olat er of whose busy trafilo is still in our car«, mingled with stranger sounds-the soughing of the night-wind through melancholy boughs and the oatarrhal croaking of hollow-voiced frogs, for ever catching cold lu dismal swamps. But it might ba ten thousand miles away (we rather wish it were), ao utterly changed is the soene and all its surroundings, with the one exception cf the inevitable pen and ink. But lot us have the scene laid a little more particularly. A mountain peak amid a tumbled sea of mountains, broad brown billows on every side, lit up with the lurid light of a furious bush-fire, like a blazing city, to the westward, aDd overhead a flashing, crashing thunder storm. At half-past ton at night-this pre sent time of writing-there is a sight to be seen in these high latitudes to which M. Blondín and all his fire-works could not hold a farthing rushlight Nature is at her pyroteohnioB in her most brilliant mood, and with heaven and earth both blazing it will be hard if from our well illuminated eyrie we cannot throw a little light even brighter than usual upon the doings of the dwellers in the paopled plains beneath. But first as to our own doings. It will be admitted that it is not much use ooming forth into tho wilderness to see strango sights without taking the trouble to look for them-; so this morning a merry party of four, two ladies »nd two gentlemen, might have been seen jogging along tho Groat Western Hoad in a spring cwt, bouad for. that famous sight, the Weatherboard Waterfall. If the conveyance was Borne what primitive so was the road, more like the bsd of a mountain torrent than anything that could ever have been o dlsd the Q loea's highway, aad ia its tortures to ths traveller amply avenging the miseries of the poor wretches who made it. Still, hotwitbs rand ing the vigorous bumps and thumps, the hairbreadth escapes from the imminent deadly siump, and tho rooking of our frail craft in stony watercourses like a boat in a ssa way, tho drive was a delightful ono. T he crisp, cool mountain air acting like a charm, making bright eye» the brighter, and appetites, novar of the dullest, keon as hunters' for tho imug breakfast await ing ui at the hospitable Wilson's. | A short halt here, and then a jolt or aeries of jolts over tho "Prince's road " (made for ono Prince, and the sooner the better re-made for auothor) to tba Weatherboard hut, rioh in princely memories, and the ubiquitous British snobs' scribbled and scrawled initials. Here were all our tolls rewarded and forgotten, as they would have been had they beon ten-fold. Seen ns we saw it, tho far dis tance somewhat dim with the smoko of heavy bush ares, but the great bluffs standing out boldly like hugo headlands fi om the h ;zy sea. th* soene was one of won drous grandeur, and long did ^/o look at what in its lurid majesty might havo boen a dream of Do «5 of tho grim portals of tho "Valloy of the Shadow," bbfore essaying the doscont to tho lowor platform of the Palls What these may be when the waters are out wo could judge ; but aa for some time past the waters havo persistently kept in, tho effect was disappointing. Still, looking down into thoso far dopths, with their dark, silent poo'.B and fringe of vivid green, whose solitudo no human foot nor voioo has ovor profanod, and whore, probably, nothing live* worth calling lifo, the souaation is a Bufflo'enfcly curious ono. How would ii be to live down there ia Nature's own.seorot.'place, on roots, und herbs, and water from the spring, a hermit life, with "onefair Bpirit," &o; ; but tho "fair spirit" would probably fail to seo it, and certainly it ia pleasanter after an icy draugho from tho Prince's spring higher up to scalo once more the dizzy height, and with one last look at the best posdble presentment in natur" of the in fernal regions, hie merrily homo to a better dinnet than hermit ever had, or deserved to have; 