PASSING EVENTS. On Tuesday evening, a complimentary banquet was given to Mr. S. Meyer, at Carcoar. At a general meeting of the Philadelphia Exhibition Commission, on the 28th October, a report was read from Mr. Carron on the present and future supply of cedar in New South Wales. Several gentlemen, who intend to supply milk to Sydney, met at Moss Vale on the 23rd October, when a code of regulations was agreed upon. At Timbarra, near Tenterfield, a child was lost in the bush, and afterwards recovered, after having been eighty hours without food. A testimonial has been presented to Mr. W. D. Moires, Police Magistrate of Mudgee. On the 23rd October, a son of Mr. D. Wotton, of Moss Vale, 2 years' old was drowned in a well. The anniversary tea and public meeting of the William street Sabbath school was hold on Wednesday evening. The Redfern Congregational Sabbath school had on Wed nesday their annual excursion down the harbour. Grass is reported to be so abundant in South Riverina, that on many of the stations it could be profitably mown and stacked. At tbe Bathuist rifle butts on Thursday, sergeant Tids vrcll narrowly escaped being shot, a bullet passing between his legs while he stood before the target, and the fragments of lead cutting his finger and cheek. A Tiafalgar veteran, named Aymer Bray, died lately at the YonEg Hospital. It has been determined by the members of the Royal Society to have a portrait painted of the Rev. W. B. Clarke, M.A,, F.G.S. The 'third meeting of the Grammar School Athletic Club was held on the Albert Ground on Friday, October 29, ?when various sports took place. The annual picnic in connection with the Railway Lo comotive Department was held on Wednesday at Laps tone On Saturday morning, a boy named John Grace, em ployed' on board the steamer Yarra Yarra, fell into the water, and was drowned. On Saturday afternoon the children attending the various Presbyterian Sabbath- schools of Sydney and suburbs met, under the auspices of the General Assembly, in St. Stephen's Church. The members of the Linnean Society gave, on Saturday, a pic-iiic ut Pearl Bay, in honour of the return to Sydney of Mr. William Maeleay. The teachers of Fort-street Model School have presented a testimonial and an address to Mr. F. Bridges, the head master. The Melbourne School for Cookery proves to be a greater success than was hoped for by the promoter. The blacks of the Northern Territory have attacked a gold- prospecting expedition, killing one man, and wounding others. The country journals state that there is a great demand for artisans in the country. A mining explosion has occurred at Bendigo, by which Thomas Staunton met his death. Two young boys, brothers, have been drowned in Victoria while bathing. Intelligence has been received at Glen Innes of the murder of a man named John Baker by the blacks. Richard Egan Lee, printer and publisher of the Mel bourne Police News, has been committed for trial at Mel bourne for publishing subjects having an immoral tendency. From Melbourne roports are received that sparrows are committing great havoc amongst fruit trees. The Melbourne Microscopical Society held their annual conversazione on the 28th ultimo, when the President (Mr. T. S. Ralph) delivered an address. Watercress is reported to be growing luxuriantly in the main street of Yass. A singular malformation has appeared in Grafton in the form of a chicken with four legs, four wings, two beaks, three eyes, and two tails. A woman namfed Anne Grunnard has been drowned in the Yarra by falling from the wharf. Mr. E. Murphy, a selector, has been drowned in a water hole near Balranald. Mrs. Dellow, on old resident in Grafton, has been burned io death through her clotheB catching fire. A correspondent in a South Australian paper suggests the forming of a water communication with the interior of Aus ralia. Herman Schultze has met with his death, in Brisbane, through taking strychnine accidentally for glauber salts. A violent hailstorm at West Maitland, on Monday, caused much damage to vineyards and crops. Serious outrages are reported to have been committed by the blacks of North Queensland. An interesting narrative on tin-prospoeting in the wilds of Tasmania, appeared in a Hobart Town journal. Tin is stated to have been discovered within thirty miles of Bathurst. One of the fiercest storms known on the east coast of New Zealand has passed over Gisborne. Near Dunedin, about 100 passengers had to get out to push the train up an incline. On Monday afternoon the dead body of a woman was found on thebeach at Bondi. A young man named William Graham lost his life at Broughton Creek, oh the 27th ultimo, by falling from his horse. The Anglican Church at Bourke was opened for divine eervice on the 19th September, by the Bishop of Bathurst. Mr. J. Tate, shipping and commission agent, at William stown, Victoria, committed suicide on the 29th ultimo, by taking prussic acid. A successful recovery from snake-bite is recorded to have taken place at Moruya, by administering brandy and ammonia internally, and by tying a ligature. At the Clifton Colliery, Queensland, an interesting dis covery has been made of nuts in a well- preserved state at a depth of 70 feet below the surface. At the fire which occurred in Oxford-street on Tues day, Joseph Carr, a bricklayer, lost his life by falling from the parapet, whilst endeavouring to extinguish the flames. Extensive bush-fires have been devastating the North Shore for some days, and have also prevailed at Fairfield and Forrest Lodge. Mr. H. P. Stevenson, was, on Tuesday night, severely burnt, at hi6 house in Sussex- street, by the explosion of a kerosene lamp. A lecture on 'Modern Objections to Christianity,' 'was, on Tuesday night, delivered by the Rev. W. Cur now, at the Masonic Hall: Professor Smith in the chair. On Tuesday afternoon there was a meeting of gentlemen interested in funeral reform. _ A meeting of the New South Wales Cricket Associa tion was held at Tattersall's Hotel, on Monday evening. _A valedictory banquet was, on Wednesday evening, given to Messrs. John and James Marks, at Jamberoo. A man has been killed at Nasebv, Otago, by a slip of enow and ice, while driving a tunnel through the snow. The monthly meeting of the Royal Society of New South Wales was held in the society s rooms on Wednes day evening. The annual picnic of the members of No. 1 Prince Alfred Volunteer Fire Company took place at Botany on Wednesday. A man named James Clark has died at Yass through excessive drinking. The anniversary tea- meeting of the Newtown Baptist Sunday-school was held on Tuesday evening. A beautiful pleasure-ground is being* formed at Rock liampton in connection with the Botanic Gardens. A man named Moatt was, on the 28th instant, drowned in the Murray River. .A complimentary dinner was, on Wednesday evening, given to Alderman Pye at Parramatta. On Wednesday night, fires teoke ont in Bligh- street, l«ower Fort-street, and in Balmain, but were soon extin guished. The Horticultural Society of New South Wales held its monthly meeting on Wednesday night in the Oddfellows' Hall. The monthly meeting of the Council of the Agricultural Jsociety took place on Wednesday night. A hailstorm of unusual violence swept over the Hunter uutnet en the 31st ultimo, creating much damage* Valuable antimony mines are reported to exist near the head of the Mary River, Queensland. A man named John Lambert has murdered a man and his wife at Launceeton, and then hanged himself. 