QUEENSLAND "We, (Advertiser), have received the following communication from Mr John Fortey, who a few months since left Sandhurst for Queens- land : — " Before leaving Sandhurst I promised you what little information I could give in refer- ence to my change of colonies being now in Brisbane, Queensland. Having to tranship in Sydney, I had a short time to look round, and was astonished, to see the crowded state of busi ness premises. Every nook and corner in George- street was taken up as an offfice or small shop ; but Sydney is destitute of the fine warehouses seen so plentifully in Melbourne, but the trees in Hyde Park and the domain are wonderfully grown; the Botanical Gardens are a perfect paradise, and not to be equalled in any of the colonies. It took us a week to arrive in Bris bane from Melbourne, the sea beautifully calm all the way. Now for Brisbane. It lays about 25 or 30 miles from the ocean. Morton Island lays north and south, and forms a protection td the large bay, which extends -north and south about 50 or 60 miles, leaying an entranco at each end of the island. After crossing 'the bay we arrive at the entrance of Brisbane River, with innumerable small islands, St Helena (the convict island) being included, and in about two and a half hours arrive at Brisbane, which is something like a large inland town, with a population of say about 15,000. Its situation is really beautiful after living about Sandhurst for 17 years. "We have a magnificent river, not far short of quarter of a mile wide, curving like the letter S; with rocks standing 100 foot high, overlooking the city, and extensive Botanical Gardens, on a good fertile spot joining the town. The rivor is spanned by a well built iron bridge, which cost about L160,000, and the exact length of London Bridge. Brisbane is mainly supported by the sugar - plantations, tin mines, squatting and innumerable small farms. A sugar planter told me on Tuesday that he made 160 tons of sugar this season. The seasons here are very different to what they are in Vic toria ; tho winter is very dry and bushfires are seen in all directions ; the summer months are very rainy, and vegetation grows rapidly ; in fact everything seems forced with the wet and warm temperature ; 90 to 100 degrees in the shade is our usual heat in the middle of the day and after four o'clook without fail it is sure to be cool. We have a railway spanning nearly 200 miles inland over the Darling Downs, with the zig-zag process to mount the range. Wheat cannot be grown on the lower country, but it grows abundantly on the Downs and higher situations. The soil generally is far richer than in Victoria, the wheat average is about 40 bushels per acre; ploughing about eight inches deep, 100 Acres is a very large farm here. Bananas grow almost wild here and to great perfection ; some are grown not for the fruit, but for cutting down and chopping up for Cattle. Oranges also grow to great perfection; delicious pine apples growing almost wild) in thick beds like a lot of rushes ; passion fruit, figs, loquats, and guavas also grow in abundance ; but peaches, apricots, apples, & etc are sent down the railway from the cooler climate. Gold digging here is thought very little of, and seldom mentioned. Occasionally a digger presents 10 or 15 dwt for sale, but few offer less, although it is well known a digger from the Palmer has enough to last him some time; — They are always a sickly-looking men, and, I believe, take their gold to the Sydney Mint and take a spell for a month or two, but still these sickly fellows say they will return to the Palmer when they recover. Gympie is doing something in reefing, but I hear the runs of stone are very thin, but rich, through a great extent of country. I don't like to advise, but I have greater faith in it than any other industry in the colony. Situations in commercial houses are difficult to obtain and pay very low to start with. The largest firms here are mostly agencies or branches of Sydney iarid Melbourne houses. I have the pleasure of being in a highly respectable Sydney jeweller's branch. We have had a little excitement during the past week through the arrival of our new Governor, Mr Cairns, in H.M.S. Barra- couta, which came up the river. 