W II . CO. (Front oar corrupondeent.) ON Saturday la?t a pleascnt day wies spont at Our. run's Croek-the ocoesion being the distribution of prizes to the scholars attending the Ourr,'n o Oreek and L?st River tialf-timens ohonli. A good deot of interoet was tlaken in the matter, as was evident by the large number of visitors that were present. Prior to the distribtution of prize several pieces'were sung end several reciettions and readings given in a maonner refleoting groat credit upon both teacher and pupils. The prizes were then dietributed by Mr. J. Ohrietie, with a fow remarks to otoh recipient. A dramatic piece from Shakepooro's Love's Labor Lost, in which the characters weore well ustalined by Mr. Welsh and several" of his pupile, odded considerobly to the musemeont, and was loudly applauded by the speolators. The scholars wore then treated with tee, cake, and fruit, which was supplied abundantly by aevernl ladies residing near Olrran's Oreole. The visitors were also supplied with tea and cake ; and although the number was large, there was abundance for all and e t good deal to epero. The lteornoon wo? spent inl crickeling, dancing, annd other amusements, until about sin o'clockl, when the party brokel up, everyone being highly pleased with the day's amueo mont. Woother.--Yestoervening a thunderstorm passed over this locality; there was a nice shower, which will do some good, espeoially by extinguishing the bush- fires that have been raging in every direction, and by which thousands of neres of aluable toed has been destroyed. A good downfall of rain is, how ever, much wacotoed. Reaping will soon he general. The dry weather hue told very unfavorably upon the crops. Political. - S we have Mr. Filz as our represento live once more; and referring to his speech in Yoesc I nse he coneoles himnfel for hin small meajority by thee refletion that it " would be hard for poor eanu to leave their harvesting, &rt.;, to vote for him." I beg torelmind the hon. ge etlomen that at Grabben Galloen and Wheoo, wheroe only twenty-nine out of alont' two hundred voted, there was no harvesting going on. What, than, wals the caouse of such oapthy on the part of the electors P I ooiuld toll, but I won't at present. Pierhaps Ar. Fitzpatrick can guess. 29th Decemnber. 