THURSDAY, JANUARY 2S, 1675, TuiERE is reason to fear that the loase caused by bush fires this season are a greater than have been known for manr a years past. The spread of s;ttlemed? Sand cultivation in the interior has n,, diminished but rather increased tho' S danger and intensified the infliction when it unfortunateoly occurs. The lr sent season has been an unusually favourable one for grass and all kinai g of other crops, and the grassy plainl watered by the recent ramis furnisbhe abundant fuel for the spoiler when it appeared in its blind and deatrovin, \- fury, The prevalence of cold weather ,t for so many days before the heat was it calculated to throw the country popula tion oil' their, guard, and land tlhem to imagine that because danger was not apparent it was not near, anl hence the sense-of security felt'by great numbera at the moment when their safety stool4 C. on the most treacherous footing. In??a olden times, when there was little to btun but the prairie and the forest the i destruotion, although disastrous enough, g was not to be compared with what now ot:curs, when fencing, buildings, cattle stored crops, and other products of eonl. tivation are swept away by the terib le agency which has recently desolatel many prosperous districts. Such a state of things ought to cause reflection as to what 'extent human power can averte such serious cidamities, uulnd whether gross negligence and carelessness are not:.partly responsible for this peris dical. destruction of national wlth. '' It is evideat that in exceptionally hot 8 seasons the whole country population \- ought to be trained to prevent, if is sible, the occurrence of bush fires, end to reduce their calamitous cffbectntn minimum when they actually oce. Where they are caused by analice, te severest penalties ought to be inflicted on the heartless rutflanr wh'lo sets the e country in a blaze, and where they are likely to be caused by negligence, the population ought to be forewarned and admonished to avoid the danger that awaits them. The recordls of the country papenr where bush fires have been most pre valent, prove that in numerous instante' the fires cannot be said to have been n kindled by uncontrollable accident, but by a recklessness of conduct as criminal as that of the incendiary, who cares not how much property and life lie destro? so that he wreaks his vengeance on lia neighbour. A fire at Loutit Bay woa caused by the blunder of. a settler in attempting to burn off some gniss and scrub with a hot wind blowing. A serious fire in the Geelong district was caused by diggers in the ranges arn gullies in the She-oaks, lighting fires at Snight when prospecting, and neglecting to put them out when le-hvig. Near SBuninyong a fire which swept over 20 miles of country, originated in the carp lessness of some charcoal burners, who left their fires burning. Another great fire in the Ballarat district was caused by a selector, vho imprudently set fire to a heap of thistles, and was unable to keep the mastery of the flames. In the Hamilton district, where a great numa ber of selectors were burnt out, the fire wais traced to the negligenc- if not incendiary' proclivities-of certain par ties, for whose discovery. a rewalrd has bede offered by a local associatione At Mansfield the fire originated on a lere tion where the pdirched grass igitob from a spark that flew from a fie where domestic washing was being car ried on. To the carelessness of pros pecting parties at Gianta is attributed the fire which destroyed the wood-work of the Western Company's crushing plant. If in a few cases the cause of these fires cannot be discovered, it is manifest 'that in the great majority of instances they were within the province of human control. It must be conceded ,from this brief statemeint of unanliswerable .facts, that if the, increasing tendency. to destruc tive bush fires is to be diminished, it must be by the adoption of precautihn ary and preventive -measures on scale wlich does not now exist. So' vere punishment should follow the act of the hleaftless incendiary whose malice runs aiot at thIe sight of his nieighbour's diftering., As cultivatiins a.a?e multi plied.tlroaighout the country the rural population must oxereise. a greater amount of vigilance, in' the avoidince of fire, by the isolation of':their home steads and- fields bjy keeping strips of lhand free from grass and weeds, and by leaving~'vacancies between the preserved ground and their crops... In every dis trict subject to bush fires an associition should exist . for. mutual protectione which should be ready to co-operate with the" local governuing bodies for the devising of efficient means of preven. tion. Much good. mn?ay be efioeted if firm yards are kept free from inflam mable matter in hot weather, and iron fencing were substituted for wood in 'thie neighbourhood of farm houses and buildings of every kind, Whatever tends to deprive the fire of fuel is . point gained in the direction of preven tion. Hay and corn stacks need not be placed so close together as to neces sitate the burning of all, should one unfortunately become ignited. Leogis lative enactmnents from the local and central govenuncent may assist in the prevention of fires, but no preventivo measures will be of equal efficacy with those which spring Spontaneously friom the people, and which are carried out under their immediate superintendence' Bush fires may be expected to be of amxual occurience, and to be more de s'tructive than heretofore, becausie of the property, created bIy the osettlers which gives fuel to the flames. Hence the necessity of' a unore eflicient train" ing of the young to avoid the causes of the calamity, and of a system of upervision, based on the co-opera tion of the people of the country dis tricts, to reduce the danger to a mini mum when it unfortunately occurs. We have received from a trustworthy source the following information with reference to a newly discovered gold-field at Dargo Flat:-- A rush has taken place to Swamp Creek, which is situated about nine miles from the Dargo Flat police station. Alluvial gold was discovered about a week since in payable quantities by three brothers named Jorgensen, residents of Stratford, who have been in the 'district prospecting for some considerable time. The place was visited by our informant a day or two since, who found 50 men at work, the whole of whom were making more than .wages, some of the men indeed realising as much as £1 per day; the gold was -coarse, pieces from 5 to 18 dwts having been found. The stripping averaged from six inches to four feet, and there is a sufficient supply of water for cradling pur- poses only, but the shallowness of the ground does not necessitate a larger supply of water than what is obtainable. The creek is about 14 miles in length, of which upwards of three miles have been pegged off from the top end. Many years ago gold was discovered in payable quantities at the bottom of the creek, and it is antici pated that the lead will be traced its entire length, in which case a large and, it is to be hoped, profitable, field will be available for a considerable number of miners. The creek is described as being very narrow and rock bound on both sides. The dis coverers, who are Danes, have patriotically named the little village that has sprung up, Copenhagen. a The lliMrray left Port Albert for Sale yesterday evening at 6.45.' She will pro bably arrive at the Lttrobe bridge this afternoon about 3. The Avon arrived at Port Albert froln the Lakes yesterday at 7 a.m., and sailed again for lvelbourne at 11 a.m. Two mobs of horses passed through Rosedale for the Melbourne market on Tuesday. The largest, a nice lot of use- ful stock, numbering 'nearly 30, belonged to Mr Lett; the other mob was composed of 12 or 14 head, mostly draught. The adjourned general meeting of the -Mcehanics' Institute was held last even .ing. A filll report will ,appear in our mnext. A meeting of magistrates was held at fStratford yesterday to appoint two gentle men as a Bench of Licensiung Magistrates for the ensuinlg year, and M[essrs. Little and Fenton were elected. The annual meeting of contributors to the Gippsland Hospital was called for last evening, lint owing to no quornum being present, an adijouirment for a week' vas?iecessary. The mieeting will there fore be held on Tuesday, 2nd prox., in the Comncil Chambers at 8 p.m. MIr Kabat proceeded to Garden Point yesterday for the purpose of taking the necessary steps to secure a site, and arrange generally for police acconuuodation, as it 'is proposed to phliee a man there during -the construneton of the ritilway 'works. Accounts for the undermentioned per ons have been received ait the Pay office, ':ale:-G. Ellis, W. Kennedy, 11. Max Ield, jun., W. 1'Willia:ms, J. Wright, ,\\. -epper, C. GCld, J. M'l'nnes, and .T. Wil iamson. A Crown grant for Thomas Williams, Toiongabbic, has also been re ceived. Mr and Mrs George Case's entertain ment again drew a crowded house on 'nuesday evening, and the talented and Sersatile' per?ilrmances of Mrs 'Case were eceived with great apprc.bation. A. tire yell performance will be given in. Sale is evening, and the introduction of several novelties is promised. AIMr Carter, secretary to the Railway Oelebration Committee, has received' in answer to his circular a reply from the Rev. Mr IInagenaner, to the effect that lie ill bring all the natives from the Mission *ation to take 'part in the proposed de nonstration. The appearance of the aboriginals will certainly impart a some what unique feature to the proceedings. A fine lot of fresh young horses are now en route for Sale for the use of the olice, to replace a number -which are to e removed to belbourne. We - under tand they have been bred in the western istrict, and are described-as sonmething cry superior. It seems strange that hough' Gippsland is such a horse-breeding istrict, so much difficulty should be cx erienced in obtaining suitable local re mounts for police purposes. The south side of Fosteir' street had a arrow escape from a severe flre'on Situr ay evening. A lamp'over'Mr Cornell's noor inside had by some meaus or other 'psized, and lay on some wood work with ?the kerosene floating about. .'.Fortunately, ja gentleman passing observed it,. and ob 'taining a blanket covered the lamnp and 'stand, thus obviating all danger.' One ex citable indivildual had, in theo mneantime, brought a bucket of water to throw 'over the lamp, the consequence of 'which would most probably have been disastrous. A son of M[r J. Law received severe anjuris yesterday afternoon through being bitten by a dog. The little fellow was ith some comnpanions playing at' the Thomson, nhear the railway wSors, when the dog,. from some .unexplaned .cause, auddenly seized the boy anti. bit him severely- about the head and arms; Ilis ut-cries attracted the attention of some men working-near, and they rescued him, or he would probably have been bitten to death. 'Later in the evening the dog was shot, and we are glad to say the boy is pro gressing favouriably. ' , We have, received from MIessrs. Letis, Soa and Co., of 'London, the celebrated Diary publishers, a map purporting to be 'one of Victoria, the only drawback to the value of which- being its inaccuracy. Gippsland is represented as being divided Sinto counties that as yet have no exist ence, while the only towns in' the district are Lucknow and Alberton, and the dis tance according to the scale is 12 miles from the Lakes entrance to Port Albert. Other parts of the colony are similarly treated, and we would recommend the Scompilers befobre issuing another, to start on a little more reliable information, or abstain from sending them to the colony. The annual district meeting of the officers of the G.U.O.O.P. was held yes terday. After the business had been dis patched the officers, to the nmber of about 20, sat down to an excellent dinncr at the Prince of W'ales hotel. It was rerved in excellent style by host Carter. Congratulations wvere exchanged on the great progress made in the district by the Order, in members and in fimds. The approaching railway demonstration was referred to, and it is understood to be the intention of thie Order to render their valuable aid in making it a success. The necessity of police protection at Newry has been rather unpleasantly sug gested to the inhabitants of that rising township by the increased number of petty thefts that have lately occurred there, in addition to which crimes of a graver nature, such as cattle duffing, are not altogether unknown. Mr WV. M'Cole had his shed broken open a short time since, and three pigs, which had been killed the previous day, abstracted, the thief evi dently preferring that the bacon should be quite ready for pickling before he took the trouble of carrying it away. Other similar depredations have been reported to us, which the presence of a gentleman in blue would doubtless check. Probably were the residents to represent the case to Air Kabat, and a memorial forwarded to Melbourne, steps would be taken to give Upper Mlatffra its much needed policeman. The genial weather of the past three or four days has been very much more to the taste of the railway hands than the scorching temperature of last week, and visible signs of hard and steady work are apparent as far as Loyang. The clearing parties have pushed their work on as far as the Sheepwash Creek, and the work hba been performed to the entire satisftc tion of the contractors. Everything is now ready for a start at the temporary bridge over the Thomson; the pile drivers have been erected, and a boat built. It is expected that the bridge will be finished in a very short time, when the earthwork will he commenced from the Government paddock. Advantage has been taken of the fine weather to supply the gangs all alon" the line with suitable tanks,' so that for the future no want of water will be experienced by the men, as was the case on one or two occasions last week. We find the following paragraph in the columns of a home journal. - -It may not be ncew to some of our .readers, but it is the first time we have met with such an explanation of the immediate cause of Gardiner's release. If it is true, there is no further occasion for surprise at Sir Iler cules Robinson's insistance on all unpopu lar measure, but what shall be said of Mr Parkes? " W\hen the Duke of Edinburgh iwas in New South Wales, he visited Syd ney Gaol, over which he was shown by a very civil foreman convict. Afterwards he asked the name of his cicerone, and learned it was Gardiner, the celebrated Australian bushranger; who had never theless escaped hanging, and had been awarded 30 years' imprisonment instead, because he never shot at anybody. The Duke remarked it was hard to see a man in his prime with the prospect of such a lifetime before him, and asked as a favour of Mr Parkes, the Chief Secretary, that he would do all in his power towards Gar diner's release. 3Mr Parkes is' now in office again, and remembering his promise to the D)uke, has taken steps for Gardi ner's liberation, .and, sending him to an other country." The value of lhand at lBairnsdale has not yet assumed excessive proportions. At the-sale on the 18th town lots were.offlred with the following results:-Up.et price, £8 per acre. jots 1 to 8, no offer. Lots 9 and 10, allotments 9 and 10,' sec. 35, Tlhoumans Vheclan, upset. Lots 11 to 18, no ofler. L:ts 19 and 20, allotments 9 and 10, see. 3G, 2r, 'I'homas Wleelan, uip set. Convict' Weechiurch still continues troublesome. Ice has been once more sentenced to fiurteen days' solitary con finement. The unfortunate warder Cogh lan, who was recently assaulted by, this ,prisoner, is still unable to resume duty. On account of the continued dry weather aigricultural produce (says the correspon dent of the Bairnsdale Courier) is likely to be very clear at Oneco this season, a good many of the crops being worthl very little. Potatoes are 18s per cwt. already, and it is hard to say how much they will be-altogether, it will be a very trying season for the new free selectors. 'When the T'ommy orton' (says the Courier) 'was passing Flannigau's Island on the Lakes en route for Bairnsdale, on Friday last, the attention of Captain MI'Alpine was drawn to a woman who was calling loudly from the island. Mr Vava sour, who was on board, was sent, over to ascertain.the cause, of the woman's cries for assistance, 'aid' foiind on landing tliit a very large carpet snakehnad taken posses sion of the woman's bed. There being no one else on the island but her children at the time, her husband, Mr lWarren, being away at work, Mrs Warren called to the steamer as it passed, or the fainily 'would have been bedless until their father's re turn. Mr Vavasour procured a gun, from the steamer and shot the intruding lazy monster, which measured some five feet six inches. The Bairnsdale Courier of Satiaday says:-Bairnsdale has been completely enveloped in smoke from bushfires, mak ing the sun by day and the moon by night appear as gloomy balls of fire, the whole of the country surrounding being alight. A gentleman who was travelling from the Crooked River to Bairnsdale on Wednes day informs us that he had passed through burning forest nearly the entire distance, and that it was quite a common thing to eace monkey bears, opossums, and kangaroos trying to escape from thle fire, with backs siniged, and all more or less severely burnt. Such a continuaice of heat and smoke was never before witnessed by any of the oldes?t inhabitants. It sas rumoured that Mr Desailly's house at EmuV"ale Station, and Mr Jas. Boyd's at Wy Yung, had been entirely demolished by the flames: but fortunately, so far, we have no reason to believe it, as we have not received con firmatory evidence of the disasters. The case against the' prisoner Magnire, charged with stealing gold from the Long Tunnel Company's batteries, depends very much on the testimony' of the Govern ment analytical chemist, Mr Johnson. Maguire was watchman in the company's employ, had charge of the batteries and thcr contents, and was allowed free access to any part of the premises. The gold found upon him is said by Mr Johnson to be "absolutely identical"' with that in the company's battery, and in his opinion the parcel taken from the prisoner came from the same place as the samples submitted to him for examination from the battery. When'apprehended at the Tangil, prisoner said he had received the gold, 230 ounces, found upon him, fromn his son, who died some months; ago at Port Diarwin, where he had been in the habit of buying gold. The prisoner, on being committed, aisked that he might be tried iin Melbourne, a request which the bench explained they could not entertain.. A painful contrast, illustrative of colonial'life, comes under the notice of the Pastoral Timess. A gentleman from Mel bourne thus appeals to one of its staff:- "I called to-day, with Mr W. Owen (of Collier, Barry, and Co.), to see Mr J. Jones Thomas, who is, I am sorry to say, lkid up with cancer on the tongue. I must say Inever saw such poverty in my life. I doh't think his childreu get enough to eat. I have come to the conclusion to col lect somue money for them,"&c.;, &c.; Mr Thomnas is a B.A. or M.A. of Cambridge, is a teacher of languages, and is brother to the Bishop of Goulburu, New South Wale., now in England. A letter received from the Bishop recently, stated that he and his wife were stopping with the Earl of Belmore, in Ireland. The Bishop's poor unfortunate sick brother is in the condition stated, in one of the suburbs in Melbourne. Dr. Wilkie, Mr W1. T. Jones, Mr Collier, and others are raising motley for the sufferer; but why does the Bishop (who has no children) not do his part? Surely out of his idcomne he could spare £100 a year to allay the sufferings of his poor brother, and his wife, and poverty= stricken children. The Bishop, before he left for England, knew of his brother's poverty. Mir Ireland, Q.C., the Age understands,. has been retained by the Governient to conduct the prosecution of O'Ferrall, the defaulting clerk of the Lands office. The Star states that there are some spurious sovereigns in circulation in Bal larat, also sonime unsigned Bank of Victoria notes. 