Alarming Fires in and Around: : Sydney. THE "pa** week has baan the busiesS ever known with th* Sydney fireman. Since Tuesday .lust im mense buah fires have been raging to the northan'! wd't of Sydney, and there has been some destruc tion, to hou^e property within the cit- . From Tu-^day to 'Inuredny -he iiremea were out almost constantly. We regret to have to record that one 0f the fires was attended with loss of lifo by an accident. Tho Pelican Hotel, Oxford-street, caught lira on Tuesday by » gpark from au adjoining building falling! on th« roof. Before the arrival of the fire engine.*, efforts were nude to ex:iuguish the fire by the aid of buckets of water, and while engaged in th i work a youngman named Joseph Cur, a brick lay«!', fall from tho parapet of tue building on to tilo stone fl i2fti b*low, and wis killed almost in stantly, his skull being. Fractured. Tiie roof aucl a good dual of the walls and interior of the hotel wera destroyed ; also some of the furniture. The hou«e,. which waa occupied by Michael Enright, and i3 the property of a Miss O'Neill, is- insui'dd in the United Insurance Office, but tho furniture was uninsured.- Two stables, sitUited in Lower Fort-street, Miller's Point, were destroyed eirly on Thursday morning, together with aoout forty ions of fodder. The damage done is estimated at £150, and is not covered by insur ance. The buildings were tho property of the Toigood Estate, and were occupied by James Kod eers, a drayman, who loses about £-10 nr £50. The lMof of ft shad in ßligh-ätreet, owned by Mr Hinton, caiuht fire about noon on Wednesday, and was virtu dly destroyed, seven large holes being burned in it. On Tuesday night a kerosene lamp exploded in the house, No. 331, Sus3ex-street, occupied by J. P. Stephenson, who was poveroly burned about the hand and arm. Property amounting to about £10 wa3 destroyed. A great bushfire raged from Tuesday till Tnuraday rnorn .iag at the North Shore, causing considerable alarm to the inhabitants of the North Shore, St. Leo-: . narda, and Neutral J3ny. The lire covered an area of several miles around, and the air with a deuse smoke. A stone house in Neutral! B'iy'; , unoccupied, the property of Mr. ? -Younger, waa destroyed, and several others were placed in imminent danger. The aid of the Sydney firemen and their engine was obtained to quell the fl.imes Two other bush fires could b« Been raging to the westwnrd of North Shore. At Fairfield, in a direction westerly from Sydney, a most destructive bush fire occurred, which at ono time threatened the destruction of the railway station at that place, together with stacks of fire wood. Many miles of bush country were covered by the fkuies, and destruction to fences was very considerable. House property was placed in jeopardy ia several place?. Another bush fire was burning some miles to the westward of Balmain on Thursday. At one o'clock the same day the fire engines were called out to a grass fire in Govern* ment House grounds, which caused'some alarnvto the inmates of the vice-regal residence. . The fire which burned about an acre of grass, was quelled ' before it spread to the premises. 