ITEMS OF MEWS. \- . . The Borough Council have been notified that the sum of L500 applied for the creek channel work? is allowed. _ The information mu3t be gratifying both the Council and ratepayers who are thus saved a 6d rate. The bush-fire which prevailed in the neigh bourhood of Newstead have been very destruci tive. In Green Gully, and from thence to Sandon, the farmers have lost several mile's of fencing. Ploughing operations have commenced in the neighbourhood of Newstead ; the ground 13 ex ceedingly hard, but the opportunity for early Operations before the rain sets in is too fine to b8 lost. : In another week or so ploughing will become general. An election for two members of the Mining Board for the mining division of Castlemaine will take place on the 27th inst. It is necessary for candidates to announce themselves by adver tisement 21 days beforehand, and to forward to the retuming-officer their nomination papers within 16 days after the 27th January. " A boy, ten years of age, named Mogue,.and residing' at Winter's Flat, was yesterday playing with some other children near his parents' resi dence, when He' tripped oh a round Stone and fell heavily to the ground. He was brought to the Hospital,- where it', was found one of his arms waS broken. The lifnb was Set, and the Sufferer taken home. A cricket match was played on Saturday be tween the Chapel Hill : united, and the Spring Flat Cricket Clubs, on the ground Of the latter, which resulted in an easy victory for the former by one innings, with 31 runs to spare. .The scores were as follows : — Chapel Hill; lit in nings, 85; Spring Flat, 1st innings, 23 ; 2nd do., 31 ; total, 54. The bowling of J. Walsh and A. M'Clean for the Chapel Hill was very good. \- Mr Paton, of the Post-office, met with an un pleasant accident while crossing in a steamer to Tasmania. When leaning back upon the bridge the chain against which he rested snapped, and he was immediately precipitated to the deck. His hip bone was severely injured by the fall ; for a time it gave him excruciating pain, and now compels him to hobble about on crutches. For tunately there was on board of the steamer when the accident occurred a medical gentleman, who attended the sufferer, and who succeeded in some degree in alleviating his pain. The great complaint made by the Castlemaine Fire Brigade was the want of good and efficient hose and other appliances. . . With the view of remedying this defect the Mayor proceeded to Melbourne a. day or two since, returning yester day, .having made the. necessary purchases on behalf Of the Council ; amongst other things there are 600 feet of new hose of the best kind procurable. He has also made inquiries into theworking of the various metropolitan brigades, from each of whbtn he procured a copy of its rules and regulations. The subject will no dohbt be dealt with at the ordinary meeting of the Council on Thursday. In reference to our remarks of yesterday, as to the opening of the new State school, it has been stated elsewhere that a letter was received from the department before the resolution Of the Board of Advice was passed, which letter stated the school would be ready for opening on February 1st. The reply was not received before the resolution wa3 passed. ' The Board proceeded on hearsay alone. If the reply was received by the board before the special meeting, why was it not read at it? A letter was re ceived after the meeting stating that the school would be opened soma time. in February, it may have been the 28th. : : We understand that it is the intention bf the Board of Advice to meet during this week and determine what to do in the matter of inviting the Minister of Education to Castlemaine on the occasion' of the opening of the Associated Training School. To pur. mind the duty of the Board of Advice is narrowed to a small com pass. They should bring the matter under the notice of the Borough Council, officially inform ing them of the opening of the school, and ex press an opinion that the Council should do as was done by the Councils of Malmsbury, Mary borough, and Echuea,at the times of new school openings at those places. Clearly the Borough Council's duty is to invite the Minister on the representations of the Board of Advice. The ratepayers as a body will, we are sure, not ob ject to the expenditure of the paltry L50, which would be ample to cover all the ezpense which need be incurred. The' case of the Castlemaine school u an exceptional one, the institution being a training school. At the annual meeting of the Mechanics' In stitute, Ararat, on. Friday evening, a motion was brought forward, pursuant to notice, to the effect that the institute be opened on Sunday afternoons. A long discussion ensued. On a diyison the motion was lost by a majority of nearly one-third. A man named John Fortune, who has for many years resided at Old Inglewood in the occupation of some land, committed 'suicide on Saturday. _ He went under the Hope Greek bridge and with a razor made a gash in each arm dividing the main arteries. He: died from loss of blood before he could be got to the hos pital. . He had been drinking much lately. Some human remains were found inthe bush at the head of Kangaroo Creek, Beechworth, three miles from Stanley, on Friday afternoon. There was nothing but bones, which were much scattered about. One shin bone was quite fleshlcss, and in the left boot a piece of cotton drawers was attached near the knee. A hat and fragments of clothing, apparently Chinese, were also found. . They seemed to have been exposed for several years. Some of the. bones were somewhat charred by recent bush fires. There- mains were taken to the Stanley police office by Senior-constable Lynch. No clue has been ob tained to the identity of the remains. A public meeting was held in the Town- hall, Heathcote, on Friday night to urge the Govern- ment to include the extension of a railway to Heathcote in the next batch. Tho following resolution amongst others was passed : — "That the Railway Committee immediately put them selves in communication withKilmore, Pyalong, Tooborae, and the districts of Mount Pleasant, Wild Duck, Costerfield, Redcastle, and all places interested in obtaining tho most direct railway communication with Melbourne, and ar range ' with those place? for an. influential depu tation to the railway department, to urge the placing of the railway in tho first batch." No fewer than two fatal instances of the dan- goi' attendant oh bathing in the Murray occur red on Friday. The first is that' of a man un known, who was drowned at Moaraa, and on whom a magisterial inquiry was held, and the second that of the" death of a little boy named Clancy, the son of Mrs Clancy, dressmaker, in Haygarth street. During the Afternoon Mrs Clancy's eldest girl, about twelve years of age, and the boy, who is about six yoars old, were bathing in tho river. Both the girl and the boy, it seems, were able to swim, and tho girl had taken her young sister — a mere infant — in her arms into the water also. Attention was first directed to the children by some persons on tho bank hearing the girl screaming. Captain Toomer of the steamer Waradeery, heard tlio screaming, and seeing the dangerous position of the girl, immediately jumped into the river, and swimming to the spot, was just in time to save ! the girl' and the infant, whom the girl was still ' holding in her arms as she "struggled in the 1 water. Having brought the two children to land Captain Toomer dived four or five times in r the endeavour to find the boy but without Suc ceeding, and at last llad to give up" his coura geous efforts iii despair. — Riverine Herald, 30th January. At the half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Woollen Company, held on Friday evening, Jt was stated that there had been a profit bf L7o0 on the operations of the half-year. The Kennedy Family are announced to ap pear in" the Masonic- Hall, Sandhurst, on Febru ary the 8th and 9th in their well-known enter tainment entitled " Twa Honrs at Hame." The Riverine Herald "state? that A. W. Cru- den was arrested at Rochester on Friday, on a second charge of embezzlement, alleged to have been committed while manager of the Union Bank at that place. On Friday night last (says the Cornwall Chronicle, of the 27th inst.), Mrs Wilson, the wife of a carrier residing at Evandale, arose in the middle of the night to take a dose of salts. By some fatality she mistook a packet of poison, strychnine or arsenic, for Epsom salts, and mixing it with water, drank it off. The Suf ferings of the poor woman were terrible, Mrs Wilson lingered until the afternoon of Satur day, and then died. The Government astronomer reports as fol lows : — " The weather during the past week was generally fine and pleasant, with cool southerly breezes, except on the 28th, _ when it was hot and sultry, and very oppressive, with a heavy smoky atmosphere from bush fire3. The highest temperature in the shade, 98deg., was recorded on the afternoon of the 28th ; the lowest, 49'0deg., on the early morning of the 27th. In addition tb thelosses experienced from the fires, last week we (Border Watch) learn that on the Glencoe Station 2000 fat sheep were lost. Every effort was made to get the sheep out of the burning country, and several hair breadth esoapes by the station hands were ex-, periericed in doing so. Two thousand fat sheep, however, got cornered in a paddock, and had to be abandoned to their fate. They were all burned. Tho Argus has had submitted to it a sample tin of sarilines prepared by the patent process of the American Sardine Company, Port Mon mouth, New Jersey, U.S. The specialty of these sardines is, that the bones are in a great measure removed, by a patent mechanical pro cess, before they are tinned. The fish used is called the menhaden, or moss-bunker, and is caught in large numbers off the coast of North America. It is spotted like a trout, is much larger than the real Bardine, and, though very palateable, without the delicate flavour of the Italian fish. We believe there is a very large consumption of these sardine? in the United States. Mr W. Prowse, of Brunswick, had a narrow escape from a dreadful death on Sunday morn-, ing, says the Argus. While walking in his paddock he was suddenly attacked by a bull which is his property. He endeavoured to clear the fence, but unsuccessfully, and the bull gored him in the fleshy part of the thigh, and tossed him on the ground. ; While Mr Prowse lay there the bull renewed his attack with great violence, and though he failed to again pierce his victim with his horns, he pressed the upper part of his body severely with his head. Mr Prowse retaining sufficient presence of mind to feign death, the bull retired towards the cows, and Mr Prowse escrflied through an opening in the fence before the animal could return. The wound in Mr Prowse's thigh is of a very alarm ing nature, and the bruised state of his body makes his condition a source of great anxiety to his friends. News came into town (says the Narrabri Herald of Thursday) on Monday morning that a man named John Harris, a boundary rider in .the employ of Mr J. C. Lloyd, of Coolah, had committed suicide, whilst suffering from the effects of excessive drinking. From what we ban gather it would appear that deceased, having drawn a big cheque from his employer, passed over to Barraba, and there knocked it down in a drinking bout. On -Friday last he was dis covered in his hut on the ranges, dead, his gun, discharged, lying by lii3 side, and a wound as of a compact mass of shot entering at his throat and passing out the back of his head, clearly showing the manner of his death. The fatal deed is presumed to have been done on the Wednesday previous. The remains of the un fortunate man, enclosed, so we are informed, in a bark shroud, were committed to the earth by some of the station hands, but no inquiry of aiiy kind appears to have been held relative to the tragic occurrence. Concerning the lepers at Ballarat, the Cour ier writes : — " After the meeting oi the town council was concluded last evening, the mayor stated that, in company with the health officer, he had paid a visit to the lepers' quarters at Clayton's Hill. Two additions, he found, had been made to the number of unfortunates- who were previously lingering out their miserable existence there. These two new- comers, the mayor stated, were in a most desparate condi tion—part of their hands, and even their noses, actually rotting off. The Government, some two years ago, had agreed to provide for future cases of leprosy, on the understanding that the premises used for the accommodation of those lepers then under care would on their demise be burnt ; but, instead, two additional rooms were put up. To show the inconvenience suffered by the neighbouring residents, and the necessity of" speedily removing tho lepers' depot from its present site, we may state that an enterprising butcher recently opened a shop in its vicinity, but no customers were willing to purchase his meat, being afiaid that the flies from the lepers' camp had lodged on and tainted his meat. Consequently he had to shut up shop." A New Zealand paper relates the following : — " Transplanting teeth i3 not as simple an operation as the transplanting of rose-trees and cauliflowers ; nevertheless, it may be done by a really clever dentist. Mr Wilson who is now on a visit to Gisborne, lately performed an operation of this, nature on a child which was attended With the most, signal, success. The patient, a boy of about 13 years of age, possessed a left , lateral incisor, which', was evidently a superfluous tooth, whilst the corresponding tooth on the right-hand side was decayed and useless. Mr Wilson, thinking that it would be a most favourable case for transplantation, re moved the decayed tooth, extracted the extra lateral incisor, and inserted it in the space lately occupied by its decayed fellow. The tooth, which was duly pressed into position, at first caused some slight inflammation, but in about a week after the operation all pain subsided, and it was as firmly rooted in the jaw as if it had grown there from the commencement. The name of the child is Johnny Brunskill, and his parents live a short distance from Napier." His Honour Sir Redmond Barry appears to have had a very narrow" escape from, being killed, owing to an accident which occurred near Catnbooya, Queensland, on the night . of the 25th ult. Tho following telegram was pub lished in the Sydney Evening News of the 26th, and is substantially corroborated by the ac-., counts which appear in the Herald of the 27th January : — "A terrific hurricane raged here (Twoowoomba) last night, and did iramenso da- mago. A train from here to Warwick, when within three miles of Cambooya, was blown off the line, and the whole train was turned over three times, becoming a perfect wreck. Mar vellous to relate, nothing serious' happened to the passenger?. Sir Redmond Barry, from Vic toria, was in one of the carriage?, and he es caped unhurt. When the force of tho wind abated somewhat, and the wrecked train lay still, the passengers got out, or were assisted out of the carriages through the windows. As soon as information of the occurrence was re- ceived'at Twoowoomba a special, train was . de spatched to bring the' passengers in ; tho train leaving Twoowoomba at 5 a.m. Iinmediately afterwards a body of men was convoyed to tho scene of the disaster to. clear the railway line, which was strewn with trees and timber," 1 The dividends for the past week, says the Advertiser, amount to L3S00, against L4014 b3 tails made. The gold returns for the week are up to tho usual weekly average viz., 3000oz. The "VVilson's-hill Tribute Company, St. Arnkud, washed up on Saturday, and got iSOoz of smelted gold from 160 tons of quartz. This is a fortnight's crushing with a 10-head battery. The reef is 5 feet thick. The result 13 considered splendid. There h23 been another splendid crushing at the City of Hobart Company's claim, Tasmania, during the past fortnight. A telegram from the mining manager intimates that 317tons of stone had been crushed, which yielded 768oz of, amalgam, and 277ozi0dwfc of retortod gold, or an average of 17dwt 12gr to the ton. A small paddock of wheat at Tower Hill, near Warrnambool, has yielded o4 bushels to the acre. Another farm at Koroit, which lias been under cultivation for the last 18 or 20 years, has yielded 50 bushels to the acre. From 40 to 50 bushels of peas to the acre has been a frequent yield in that district. The Ballarat Evening Post learns, and on very good authority, that it is the intention of the Education Department not to permit Mr Higinbotham's motion re teacher's salaries to affect the incomes of teachers in receipt of L300 per-.- annum, and upwards, but to divide the surplUS of those whose incomes Ore below L300, whioh it is calculated "will benefit such teachers by au addition to their salaries . of at least 20 percent. Moorabbin and Brighton, following the ex ample of other districts, have established clubs for the destruction -of sparrows. Each club; say3 the Argus, has been subsidised by the local council to tho extent of L20. The Moorabbin club has been in existence hut little ' oyer two moiitls, during which time it has caused the destruction of 20,000 bivds and eggs. The Brighton Club commenced operations about three , weeks ago, and has .already, .purchased 3,000 egg3 and upwards: of 700 birds. The price paid for them is Is per dozen for birds and "6d per dozen for eggs. This is how our land system is working and denuding the country of its population. The Kiora correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes J see three, or four of our farmers have made up their minds to try a new field for their labour, and have just sold out to a large holder, whose property adjoins their several holdings. The traveller passing by, and scanning over the extensive area of Kiora alone, would almost regret to see so many traces of once com fortable homes dotted here and there, and in every other paddock large straw Btacki left to rot, as marks of extensive cultivation having been carried on." A few minutes before 8 o'clock on Sunday evening, says the Argus, a. fire broke out in a two-storey wooden building, No 37 Bduverie- street, occupied by Jacob Hyams, a dealer in second hand clothes. The fire spread rapidly, and soon caught the four adjoining houses occu pied by John Horrocks, Alfred Walker, private dwellinghouses, A. H. Isaacs, a dealer in second hand clothing, .and Patrick Murphy, dwelling- house. Hyain'B and Horrock's houses were completely gutted. Walker's house is very much injured by the fire. The upper portion oi Isaac's house is damaged greatly by fire, and the stock in the lower part of the house is in jured by water. Murphy's house was only slightly injured. The fire originated in Hyam's shop, where one of the children was playing at the time, Mrs Hyams having left the houso for a few minutes. Tho flames spread with great ranidity, and Mrs Hyams had some difiiculy in gettingherchildrenontof thehouse. The Carlton Brewery reel was first on the ground, quicklyfol- lowed by theMetropolitanand Hotham brigades. There was a strong pressure on - the Yan Yean, and four streams of water were kept constantly, playing on the burning houses. In about a quarter of an hour all danger of the tire spread ing was at an end, and in an hour's time, the fire was extinguished, with the exception of a few smoking embers. Hyam's stock and furni ture were insured for L100 in the "Victoria In surance office. Horrocks and Walker are unin sured. Isaacs' stock is insured for L100, and his furniture for L50, in the Victoria Insurance office. ; . ' 