GOULBURN POLICE COURT. WEDNESDAY, JULY 21. BEFORE the police-magistrate and Mr. Sheppard. John Lewis, an elderly man, apparently suffering from a tumor on the face, confessing no means of support, was sent to the gaol hospital for one month. Roger Horan was charged with being drunk and disorderly, and also with using obscene language. Defendant was drunk in Auburn-street on Sun day evening, and when the police appeared used the language complained of. Defendant was fined 20s. with 2s. 6d costs, with the alternative of seven days in gaol in each case. John Jobson, on remand, charged with stealing certain cattle, the property of T. Shanahan of Mo longlo, was again brought up. Mr. Gannon for defendant. James Richards, stockman for Mr. Shanahan, de posed: About the 21st of May I missed ten head of my employer's cattle off their run at Long Swamp; I subsequently saw three of them at prisoner's place at Shoalhaven; they were about a mile and a half from prisoner's house; the brands of two of them were disfigured, and there was the mark of the yoke on their necks; I took the cattle to Boro, and left them in William's paddock in charge of a man named Samuel Marsden; the cattle are outside the court; the brand on one is perceptible, but not on the others, the brand is T6, and on two of them has been blotched out; I reported the loss of the cattle to my employer, and afterwards got a warrant for the prisoner. To Mr. Gannon: The cattle were not in a pad dock, but in a place nearly surrounded by a creek, to which the only entrance is by a single track. Thomas Shanahan deposed: I have a station at Long Swamp, near Boro, at which Richards is stock keeper, he reported the loss of some cattle to me; the three outside the court are my property; I never sold or disposed of them to any one; my son, Sydney James, could do so; he has an equal interest in the cattle with me. Prisoner was remanded till Friday. A second case against the same prisoner of stealing certain cattle the property of Patrick Doyle was then gone into. Senior- constable Gall deposed: I arrested prisoner at his own house, on the 13th June, under the war rant produced, charging him with stealing certain cattle the property of Thomas Shanahan, and also certain cattle the property of Patrick Doyle; he only laughed and said he was not answerable for all cattle that came to his place, at it was all government land -that there were sometimes thirty or forty head there, and he had no land of his own ; I asked him about the bullocks of Mr. Shanahan's that were there; he said some bullocks had been amongst his cattle for some days, but he knew nothing about them; I asked him whose cow and calf was outside, and he said his own; he said he did not breed the cow, but that he bought her; he said he had a re ceipt for her; I asked him to show me the receipt, and he went to look for it; while looking for it his wife mentioned some name-I forget what--and prisoner said, "yes, that', the man I bought her from ;" he then brought a paper to me, which was a receipt for his registered brand; he then said, "O, of course, I forgot; the bush-fires burned the house down last year, and the receipt was burnt;" I said, "I suppose you can find the man you bought it off," and he said, "O, yes --he told me he lived up one of the gullies, but I never found his house and I have never seen him since;" Doyle was with me, and said the cow was his; I then charged prisoner with stealing the cow on the 12th of November twelve months; he seemed frightened and asked to go out side; I went about twenty yards with him, and he at once ran off; I followed him and fired several shots after him, but he gut away, and I never saw him again till to-day; just before I left the house I told him to wait till the rest of the men came down with cattle from the Bald Hill, about two miles from his house. To Mr. Gannon: I have seen Doyle this morning; we talked over the case; the cow was not mentioned in the warrant; Doyle said she was about eighteen months old when she was taken away, and unbranded; I should take her to be between three and four years old now; Doyle lives at Fairy Meadow; he told me the other cattle he lost were branded; the hide of the cow is here ; I don't know who killed her; I did not see the hide taken off her; I have not seen it since it was taken off the beast. To Senior-sergeant Fenton: I produce a hide I got from Doyle; it is the same description and brand, and I believe it to be the hide of the cow I saw at prisoner's; the brand is RJ very small; I got hurt going after prisoner, and Doyle took possess ion of the cow and calf. Patrick Doyle deposed: I live near Bungendore; I missed six head of cattle from my place in August last-four cows and two calves; I also missed a heifer an November, 1873; she was red and white, unbranded, and about sixteen months old ; she always ran about the house, and was a milker's calf; I next saw the heifer about the 13th June, at prisoner's place, about forty-five miles from my place; she then had a calf; I recognised her at once; I found it had been branded on the rump, but I could not tell what the brand was; after prisoner was arrested I asked him if the cow was his property and he said it was, and that he bought it; (witness corroborated this part of Constable Gall's, evidence); I took possession of the cow and subsequently killed it; the hide produced is the one I took off her; I did not sell or dispose of the cow to anyone. To Mr. Gannon,: I saw Constable Gall yesterday ; we had a conversation about the evidence in this case; all except two calves of the cattle I lost were branded. James Richards deposed; I know Mr. Doyle and the brand on his cattle; I saw three cows of that brand near Jobson's place in June last; I afterwards saw Mr. Doyle; I afterwards went with him to a magistrate; I was at prisoner's place with Constable Gall. The further hearing of the case was postponed till Friday. 