THE WEATHER AND BUSH-FIRES. The heat yesterday was most intense, and from all quarters, as will be seen from what follows, we receive accounts of disasters that have been caused by bush fires. The city was throughout the day enveloped in dense clouds of smoke. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph at Co.'s, Pall Mall, as follows: 9 a.m., 90°; noon, 101 ° ; 3 p.m., 102° ; 6 p.m., 99°; maximum, 101° ; minimum, 78 ° . Barometer - 9 a.m., 29.140; 6 p.m., 29.020. At night there was no prospect of any change. The large and extensive bush fires reported in yesterday's issue had abated their fury some what considerably yesterday with one or two exceptions. The fire which on Wednesday evening placed Thomas's Half-way House and other adjacent properties on the Inglewood road in imminent danger, was stopped during the early part of the day through the fire having reached one of the roads in the neighbor- hood. Fortunately there was a lull in the wind at the time, the flames being rendered thereby not sufficiently strong to carry them to the opposite side of the road. All that remained of what was thought the most dangerous of the fires surrounding the district yesterday after- noon were a few smouldering stumps. The most disastrous news, however, came from the Whip- stick. A gentleman who yesterday visited that locality informs us that, the ravages being committed by the destructive element were something appalling, As is the usual case the small selectors are the greatest sufferers. Some of these have been burnt, out completely, no vestige whatever being left, of what only the day previous were the scenes of happiness and contentment, and the only, and that very hard earned, means of existence, of several large families. Our informant states that there is not a fence in the whole locality but what was either destroyed, or in the act of being destroyed at the lime of his leaving. The fire was still raging furiously, and the excite- ment amongst the residents was great. Some idea of the extraordinary strength of the fire may be gathered from the fact that the same gentleman heard the crackling of the burning timber fully three miles away from the fire. Early yesterday morning another fire broke out in a south- westerly direction from Marong, at the back of the Memsie Reef. Large volumes of smoke were to be observed rising from the ranges all day, and the heat round about was intense. The greatest losers by this fire are the woodcurters, who, in some instances, have had stacks of wood destroyed which had been accumulating for some months. This mis- fortune must, have proved very trying to the men who have worked hard and devoted all their energies in putting by a store for a rainy day. The fire had not been extinguished late last night, notwithstanding the exertions of a large force, of able and willing men who mustered on the secue. In the direction of Bridgewater-on the- Loddon, there were signs of an extensive conflagration, and it is to be feared that should it turn out to be so fierce, as reported that, an incalculable amount, of damage will be done, considering that the place is one mass of farms. In close proximity to the township of Marong a fire was taking everything before it in a re- markably furious manner. Further particulars respecting this fire are furnished by our Marong correspondent. To the careless use of fire is generally attri- buted the cause of these conflagrations. An Italian woodcarter, who happened to be working in the vicinity, saw on Tuesday some young men set fire to the bottom of an uprooted tree for the purpose of smoking out some rabbits, which had been observed to take up their quar- ters there. Their object having been accom - plished they left the log in a blaze. Only a short time elapsed before the fire was commu- nicated to the surrounding grass, and the wood carter had to work exceedingly hard before, he could succeed in subduing the flames. With a view to prevent as far as possible carelessness in the use of fire, notices are supposed to be posted in the bush warning persons, but this does not seem to have been carried out in the Marong shire, judging from a remark which fell from Cr. Langdon at the meeting of the Council yes- terday. He said that he had travelled through out the shire, but he failed to see any such notices posted up. On his suggestion the secre- tary of the shire was instructed to report the matter to the superintendent of police. Keports from Woodend anil .Macedon state that the tires of yesterday are slill raging, and witli every sign of spreading. On each side of the, line for miles tire and smoke is to be. seeir; and the beat is terrible. Along the railway line iu the direction of lUmuymede the tires were, visible last evening, and it was stated that con siderable damage had already been done to houses and property, and l'rom appearances more damage was anticipated. On Wednesday, at Marong, .Mr. Dwyer the well known local surveyor, along with his stall', had a rather narrow escape from being burnt, alive. The party being in a hurry to com plete Ihe survey on which they were engaged, had not noticeu any danger, until the llames from a lire iu the neighborhood were spreading and closing in around them. Anxious to scoure the survey ing instruments, Mr. Dwyer seized hold of the theodolite, and made a safe retreat. One of the party, however, was not. so successful. When j gathering together the poles, chains, &c.;, the tire made a fresh rush, and the inau had to run for his life. After the tire, had passed over, the party returned and found the chains and other iron instruments, but the poles, &e.;, had been completely burned. Our correspondent at Huntly writes:—Since Wednesday evening the. bush-tires in the above | vicinity arc approaching the township us fast as a. strong northerly wind can force them along. ! One tire has crossed the Bendigo Creek near the Bullocky bridge, and was fust approaching the i farms ot Mr. Stanley and Mr. Tootell; in fact some of the people iu the township of Huntly are. looking with anxious eyes, expecting it to come right amongst, them about three o'clock this (Thursday) afternoon. The whole of the miners from t he Bendigo and Bal larat and Annabulla claims, started for the scene of the tire to lend their aid to fry and extinguish it, as it was travelling so fast towards the above farms. They were suc cessful together with other willing hands, iu saving the, saw mills and farm of -Mr. William Clay on Wednesday night. Our Marong correspondent writes:—Up to the time of the closing of the mail yesterday evening, 1 had not heard of any serious results accruing from the large bush tires alluded to in niv last. .During the night, however, I am sorry to say that, I received information to the effect that some of the farmers at Nerring and Mvcr's l'lat have been considerable losers by the destructive element. Mr. Kuright has had a new fence and his homestead almost, if not entirely, consumed, and the loss will be severely felt by him. Mr Oaton and Mr. Dedrick have also had a deal of lately erected fencing de stroyed; and it is feared that- Mr. Densley's name may be added to the list of the sufferers; indeed, it the advance of the dreaded enemy is not, speedily ehcckcil an enormous amount of valuable property may be sacrificed. At the time of my writing this (ten o'clock on Wedue. dav niglu) the sk}- to the north and cast of Marong is all aglow with ascending llames. From the neighborhood of Duke's Flat, the lire appears to be rapidly spreading iu the direction of Kaglehawk, and the horizon is illumined for many miles. The lire is supposed to have origi nated on a farm belonging to Mr. Kobinson, situate at Myer's Flat, and to have been caused by some boys who were shooting over the ground, and from whose guns it is conjectured That burning wadding had fallen on the ground, and set the stubble or grass on tire. lit my last letter 1 stated that Mr. Livingstone's fence had been burnt; such, however, was not the case, al though it was generally reported to be so. Mr. Duncan Livingstone now informs me that by great exertions and the kind assistance of neigh bors, they managed to stay the advance of the flames when close to the fence, and just saved it and the building in the nick of time. On Tuesday the thermometer registered in the shade at Mr. Dods' store 101 °, and to-day it has mounted two degrees higher. Since writing the foregoing I have, through the courtesy of Mr. Gould, been made acquainted with the fol lowing particulars :—My informant states that he and a small and willing band of men were engaged during nearly the whole afternoon in removing furniture anil other valuables out of the places contiguous to, and iu a line with, the lire. Fallettie's and Gasper's residences were endangered, but the contingent of ready volun i tcers succeeded, by almost superhduian efforts, iu beating the enemy iu that direction j just before it approached the main Sandhurst road which, had it once crossed, there is no | telling what amount of damage might have ensued. Had it got into Mr. Gould's paddock, i great devastation must have followed, as the 'jaddoek is nearly covered with the tops of fallen ' trees. I have just returned from Mr. Glover's . and am happy to say that he has not suffered any injury. Our lnglewood correspondent writes:—A most profound and painful sensation was created in the town on Wednesday, when it became known that Mrs. David Ellis, of Bulabul Creek, had met her death in the shocking manner de- scribed to you in my telegram. Messrs. Pollock and Ellis, the former being a brother of the de- ceased lady, are old and respected residents of the district, and the sympathy felt for them in their trouble is truly heartfelt. I learn that the fire which caused the death of Mrs. Ellis was not the large one which caused came down from the north, that being about a mile away from where the accident- occured, but one that broke out in the grass paddock near the homestead, while Messrs. Pollock and Ellis, and all the men were working at the big fire,. How the grass pad- dock got fired is a mystery to every one, but it appears that Mrs. Ellis saw the flames start up in the grass, and in company with some other women she went to beat it out, as a large hay stack was in danger. While doing so their clothes, which were of light summer wear, caught alight, and burnt her so that she die in two hours time, her brother and husband having been sent for when the accident happened. Strange, to say, just before the grass paddock took fire Mrs. Ellis had warned the other females to put on woollen dresses, but unfortunately neglected to do so her- self, otherwise she might have been saved. A very plucky and determined effort to save the deceased was made by a woman who was near her. This woman got her hands and arms very badly burned in her attempt, to help Mrs. Ellis, and had her dress burnt, through in several places. The deceased had the flesh burnt com- pletely off her fingers, her wedding ring being burnt right into the bone, and her earrings were burnt out of her ears. The inquest cannot be held until to-morrow (Friday) in consequence of the inability of Mr. Rinder, the coroner, (who lives at Wedderbnrn) to get here before that time. The country all round us is blazing away, the thermometer as I write standing at, 105 ° in the shade. The fire which came down from the north appears to have either expended its fury or has got so far away in the direction of Sandhurst that, the smoke from it does not show very much to-day, but, all the other fires burn with increased fury, especially the one in the Kingower Ranges, which last night blocked up the Kingower road, crossed it, and then went careering away in the direction of Dunolly. This lire has run through about l."> miles of country. Yesterday afternoon great excite ment. existed here, as mounted messengers came galloping in bruising news of some fresh disaster. One invariable reply was given as to the state of all'airs, when the question was aske.l as farmers came in, no matter from what di rection—north, south, cast, or west, and that reply was—" The country is all on lire." The thermometer stood at Ul.S ° in the shade at ;i p.m. yesterday. Last, evening two narrow escapes from conflagrations in (he town oc curred through tlie sudden flaring up of kero sene lamps. Our Melbourne correspondent, under yester day's dale, writes:—The change in the weather, so anxiously loo'<cd for last night, has not even yet. arrived) and although the thermometer has not reached a figure quite so high as that attained yesterday, the heat, has been almost equally severe. At the Melbourne Observatory, lo-dav, at Itooti, the thermometer registered lOlli in the shade, ami l in the sun; and about the .same readings were noticed in various parts of the city. I'rofessor Kllery st:ile< that there has been 110 such a continuance of hot weather as that now experienced since December, ISSa, when those then in Melbourne had to en dure a ivhole week of 1111 even hotter tempera ture, the thermometer upon one occasion during that period going up as high as i:ii) in the shade. Two or three persons sull'cring from sun stroke have been received at the Melbourne Hospital to-day, but it seems that in none of the cases was the attack likely to prove fatal. A ' gentleman waiting for a train at the llobsou's Hay Kailway .Station, was seen to fall down, ap I pareutly from the same cause, lie was con veyed into the refrcshmcnl-rooni and promptly brought round again without much trouble. 1 have also heard of two cases 111 which horses attached to the company's omnibuses have dropped down ill tile street to-day; while seve ral instances have also occurred of workmen who have been compelled to desist from their labors in the open air, in consequence of the intense heat. 