Pastoral. Affairs in-fbe squatting districts, owing 'to the oontinued drought, are sow assuming a very serious aspeot. With the exception ef a few favoured localities, the land in all parts is parched by the heat, and the herbage is extremely eoant In the north-east there have been thunderstorms, but very little rain; feed is fast disappearing, and the water stores giving way. Down sonththere has been some rain, but in quantity -joite inadequate to the requirements of the arid soil, although the appearance of the pastures has been a little improved. The Lachlan oountry has been without rain, and grass and water are -fast failing. The came kind of intelligence oomes from Hay. To add to the calamity, bush fires have in many places been very destructive to the vegetation. From Bourke the news by the Central Australian of the S(h represents that the weather has bees very soltiv daring the week. There has been very large .fires on the Tootale run, goiiug away to Pilora Lake. The prevalence of bosh fires, ana the continued draught, have occasioned a great amount of hardship throughout the outlying dis tricts. To-day a hot wind has been adding to the discom fort of «- very body, and one could find but slight relief in the shade where the thermometer reached 109*. While we write there is every -sppearanoe of a storm. A speedy downfall ef rain would be hailed with ~ thankfulness aU through tbe neighbourhood. &ain; fell plentifully round Cannonbar and Wanes on Wednesday. In the district ronnd Dubbo, says the Dispatch of the l&tb;, the weather daring the past week has been on the whole fine. On Friday, we bad a very heavy thunder «k»m. It was aooompanied by rain showers, but very little water fell- The small quantity with whioh we were favoured was however very weloome. It put down the di»st somewhat, and freshened everything up Kain . threatened on Sunday, but none fell. We want rain badly i.Mw. The country is showing the effects of this continued ? dfjCMt. F«d is jfsst disappearing, and' water on many of tk» back btecks, where tanks afe not constructed, is fast : giving htmy. TUito mtist sooti 'ootne, or we will Wfaee to tNee WHh a drought Onthe Marthaguy and Merti Merri, mm. Bosh firee and want of rain have rendered - jpagj Iwoatttiei »» Uw cf gam at a yablio road, and rttx% are looking very miserable. On the Talbrsgar, though bus-li fires have done a deal of damage, there is plenty of grass and water; and stock of all kinds are looking as well as can be expected. Ou the Lower Macquarie, the country which was unler water during the win-er is now looking well, and grass we hear is plentiful. Stock thera are in good health and condition. On the Castlereagh the country ie looking very dry, and stock are beginning to fall off. There is water still on the frontages, but the back country is very dry. On the Cannonbar end West Bogan districts, the bush fires have done a great deal of damage to the feed. People who have not taken the precaution to conserve water by means of daniB and tanks are now suffering for their heedlessness. From Brewarrina we hear that on the 6th a tremendous heavy thunderstorm occurred. It was aooompanied by ex ceeding heavy rain, which lasted for three hours. It caused quite a sheet of water in the main street Bosh fires have been very prevalent in that part, and in some instances much damn ge has been done, and it iB thought the destruc tion of grass by these fires will cause the travelling of many sheep. On the Darling affaire pastoral are not look ing so favourable as could be wished. The continued dry weather does not tend to make things look more comfort able. On the Upper Bogan feed is giving way, and, ex cept on those -stations where dams have been patronised water is also exhausting fast. There are hopes, however, that the supply ef the latter 'will be renewed by those thunderstorms so prevalent in the north-weet during the summer months. By the Express of Saturday it is reported from Wagga that on the previous Sunday there was a nearly continuous fall of light rain until late in the afternoon, but the aotual Amount was comparatively small, being only 0.39 inches. Since then the weather has been pleasantly oool. Heavier rain fell in the neighbourhood, bat in no case was it sufficient for the requiiements of the district. In a few instances it has caused a slight spring of feed, but gener rally the appearances are hardly better than they were a fortnight ago. From down the river we learn that the heat has been very great — over 100 degrees in the shade, — and though there have been changes of wind occasionally, no rain has come. It is stated that sheep are dying from want of water on some runs. On the Barwon our Walgett correspondent informs us, hot and windy weather has pre vailed, and the pastoral prospects are not improving. On the Darling the weather has been sultry, bat pleasantly relieved by occasional breezes. The river has been falling. Bush-fires have been raging in the distriot. On the Lachlan, according to the Forbes Timc\, of Satnr dey, tbe hot weather still continues, and although we have several indications of rain none has fallen. Complaints are prevalent everywhere of the scarcity of both grass and water, and tbe present dry weather following the raid of the grasshoppers has made matters still worse. Bosh fires are burning in several directions, and about the Bland country we hear that they have been very destructive. Fortunately the loss so far has been oonfined to the grass, and tbe fenoes generally are uninjured. We learn from Hay by tbe Grazier of the 13th instantj the weather during the preceding week hae been varied with a change from 113 degrees in the shade daring the previous part of the week to 85 degrees in the shade during the latter. On Saturday we had threatening clouds ana diBtand thunder was heard; and on Sunday morning a shower of rain fell which served to lay the dust for a few hours, but soon was not perceptible. The weather is at present pleasant and oool, out there are no signs of the desired rain. Matters continue to wear a gloomy aspect for stockowners, and great anxiety is felt for the future. By the Pastoral Times of Saturday it is reported from Dexuliquin that the weather sinoe cur last has been plea sant, although hot some honrs of the day, still it has been relieved by a ceol wind, the mornings and evenings being delightful for this time of the year, yet the absence of all likelihood of rain is causing very serious fears to both large and email settlera, as the water is rapidly disappearing, and the grass is already quite dried up. The Fa6tokal Chamber of Riverina. — The annual geneial meeting of members of the Pastoral Chamber of Xtiverina was held at the offices of the associa tion, 44, Queen-street, on Wednesday, Mr. W. A. Brod ribb being in the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting having been confirmed (says the Daily Telegraph ) the following report was read by the secretary, and adopted : — ' The Chamber has continued its proceedings throughout the year, and has been in aotive correspondence with the president during his sojourn in Europe, where he was prosecuting the most careful inquiry into all matters connected with the wool-growing interests of Australia. The subjeots to which promi nence was given in the correspondence were— the question of draft on wool, the necessity of increased super vision in regard to the weighing of wool in London, and the question of dumping. As regards the latter, the Chamber had received important advioes, drawing attention to the great loss that was sustained by over dumping. At a meeting of the Chamber held at Jerilderie en the 22nd July last, the matter was fully gone into, and further followed up by subsequent meetings of woolgrowers in Melbourne, the result being that the practice of double dumping has been discontinued. The President had visited the markets of the Continent during his travels in Europe, for the purpose of collecting the necessary data on whioh to form an opinion as regards the advantages such markets held out, more particularly those of Antwerp, Havre, and Berlin, for direct shipments. These were of a sufficiently pro nounoed character to justify further inquiry and corres pondence. In none of the wool markets of Europe is draft allowed, and at Antwerp and Berlin the charge for ware housing for three months is Is. lOd. per bale, whereas in London the charge varies from 4s. to 6s. per bale for the name period. Full prices are allowed for samples. The facts submitted by Mr. Brodribb on his return confirmed the view that direct shipments to these markets would be benefioial to the woolgrowers. A recent conference of chief inspectors of stock of tbe various eolonies held at Sydney relative to the establishment of quarantinestatioas at Afoama and Albury has been the subject of correspondence with the chief inspector of stook, Mr. Brace. The clumber has taken action to represent how undesirable it would be to form these quarantine stations, and that the result could only be adverse to the stock owners of Biverina, as scab could not.be effectually kept out. In view of. the propused quaratine being established, the sub-oommittee had pre pared a letter of remonstrance, addressed to the Hon. the Minister for Lands, etrongly objecting to any change in the present system, which would be duly forwarded, and a copy bIfo sent to the chief inspector of stock.' The only other business for transaction was the election of office-bearers for the new year, but this was postponed until the 29th instant, for a larger attendance ef members. 