FIRES IN AND ABOUT SYDNEY. Fire in Oxford-street. — A fire broke out on the roof of the Pelican Hotel, corner of Oxford and Edward streets, at noon on Tuesday last, and was unfor tunately attended with loss of life. The chimney of the shop occupied by Clarke, the tobacconist, took fire first, and tho sparks falling upon the roof of the hotel tbe shingles were almost instantly in a blaze; the strong gale tnac was mowing at the time fanning the flames furiously, and causing them to rapidly extend over the whole roof. A hydrant man was watering the street close by, and seeing the flames he directed his hose towards them, but the hose not being of sufficient length the man was not able to render much service. In a very few moments the whole of the top of the building was a mass of fire. People quickly gathered around the hotel, and efforts were made to prevent the fire from spreading. A man named Joseph Carr, a bricklayer, mounted to the roof to pour water on the flames by means of a bucket, and, sad to say, from some cause he lost his balance while stand ing near the edge of the roof, and he fell to the ground head foremost. He was picked jip and taken iu a cab to the Infirmary, but he died before he was admitted into the institution, having fractured his skull. Meantime messengers were dispatched to the fire-engine stations. Mr. Bown was very soon in at tendance with an engine, and he was speedily followed by an engine from the No. 3 Company's station. The No. 2 Company followed, and then came the No. 1 engines eight engines in all arriving at the fire. They were rapidly got into position, and some good streams of water pouted '' upon ihe flames extinguished them, but not before^ much damage had been done. The hotel is the property of a svkt«;ii or.^ ic {nd.T-oii tv»- TTniwi ohw fm- -Cinnn mieo u tutu id iu-ui cu lu i.uc uuiicu vuiw iui «ivvui It was occupied by Michael Enright, whose loss is not covered by any insurance. The roof of the building is en tirely destroyed. Neither the stock nor the household effects are insured. Between £50 and £60 would cover tha damage sustained by fire and water. Fire in Lower Fort-street.— Shortly before 2 o'clock on Thursday morning a fire was discovered in some stables at the rear ef Grimes' -buildings, in Lower Fort-street, tenanted by Mr. Rogers, drayman. At the time of the fire there were several horses in the stables which were extricated with some difficulty by persons attracted to the spot. Previous to the arrival of a fire-engine efforts were made to extinguish the flames by several people with buckets of water, but without avail, and the stables were gutted. A dense volume of smoke arose from the burning hay and straw, which gave it the appearance of a more serious conflagration than actually occurred. The harness in the stables and several drays in the vicinity were speedily removed to a place of safety. The origin of the fire is at present unknown. Fire in Bligii- street. — At abont a quarter to 12 o'clock on Wednesday a fire' was discovered to be burning upon the roof of a shed belonging to Mr. Hinton, in Bligh street. In a short space of time the strong wind that was blowing fanned the names to such an extent that there was fear of the -fire spreading. But by the assistance of some men who happened to be near at the time, the 'flames were extinguished. . There were' no less than seven holes burnt in different parts of the ehingles, and some of -them were large enoilgn to admit of a man's .body passing through thc-m. The damage fortunately waa confined to tho roof, i and no serious consequences resulted. . The fire is said to : have originated by some sparks from a neighbouring cbimney 'alighting upon ihe shingles. ' This is another in stance in which serious results might have occurred through not keeping chimneys cl$fta. Firb^n Subsex-stbeet.— An acwdentof ^vety seriou, ? through the cxploding of a kerosene lamp. .The occapanfc ot the house, a Mr. James P. Stevenson, a t«ilor, jr raa.t . t v sitting at his work, when the kerosene lainppn.the tabls-. - near him suddenly exploded, and the flaming oiL.pouraig u * over his arms, burned thera. severely. ? Some bedding anl ?, , , - weaiing apparel in the room were destroyed.. The firewas , . extinguished by the Inmates of the bouse. L IFire engines . ? - v were at the place — three of the Insurance Brigade and two ' of tho Volunteers. , ^ ? Bcsn Fire at North Shore.— The inhabitants. e£ ' Noith Shore were greatly alarmed on Tuesday night t)/ tha ! . laige bush fire which was burning there the whale- ? -* . of that day. The scrub burnt fiercely, and people were. 'il- employed until after midnight beating -out. the flames. . . Ye6teiday afternoon, at 6 minutes jpast 2 o'clock, Supecin* ? . ; tendent Bown received the following telegram from, Mr. . s .»* Murray, ' Bush-fire down in Neutral Bay, houses in great. ; danger.' Twenty minutes after another telegram from the ^ station-master at North Shore was sent, 'Reported by constable lteilly, bush- fire raging in Neutral Bay, ..-t unoccupied houses on fire, three or. four, others yery J close in great danger ; plenty of water ; assistance required.' Immediately on the latter telegram being received Mr. Bown stalled with one of his engines and pn- ceedfid.to, ? : , North Shore. On his arrival he found that an unoccupied house, the property of Mr. Younger, had been burnt . .-.it ? down. Itwiisastone building, with a shingle roof, and . ; ? - was uninsured. The house occupied by Mrs. Thompson caught fire, but was not seriously damaged ; and several ? - properties, among them being those of Captain Myhill and . Mr. Arnold, were placed in jeopardy. The danger was f caused through the falling fire, which was blown down the . . » hill, all the houses mentioned being on an incline. Had the ' - wind continued there is no knowing where (he - , dan. age would have ended, as all the properties mentioned . . must inevitably have been destroyed. The wind set ia . from the west shortly after 4 o'clock, and for the time being . r all immediate danger was at an end so far as the properties : close to the town of St. Leonards were concerned. Tha , westerly wind, however, increased in violence about (3 o'clock, and ihe flames were thrown back in . an easterly direction, producing an intense heat cn the ' heights over Mossman's Bay. At ana time it was feared that the residences of Mr. Bennett and ; , Mr. Moriarty would be destroyed. The inmates, were nearly suffocated by the smoke and heat, and the shrubs ana plants in the garden were withered. Beyond this there ., was no injury done. Up to the time we write, the fire was still burning in that direction. Constable Riilly rcndeicd very valuable assistance, and deserves the greatest praise. Mr. Tunks, and in fact all the neighbours, exerted themselves to the utmost. Aoout an hour after Mr. Bown's arrival with tho Insurance Companies' engine, the Nos. 2 and 3 Volunteer Companies reachcd the scene of the fire. The engines were brought back about half-past 5 o'clock, after everything had baen seen to be all safe. Duiing Wednesday night there was a breeze blowing, which fanned up the fire, and it gave out a . : great reflection. It is reported that a house in Middle Hai tour was burnt down on Wednesday morning. It is believed to be the property of a Mr. Hip wood. A large fire was also raging last night, apparently at the back of Ryde, the Seme being distinctly visible from Sydney. Fire at Fairfield. — Great fears were entertained - by the railway officials at Fairfield on Tuesday, that an enormous stack of wood standing neor the railway station, would take fire from the burn ing bush that was near to it, and a telegram was sent to * Sydney asking for the assistance of the fire- engines. Ot^. receipt of tlie intelligence an engine from the Insurance^ Brigade station, and one from No. 1, station at the Hay market, were immediately dispatched by special train to - Fairfield. On arriving there it was found that the danger in regard to the wood stack had been n» 4lx -vli ^VtA Am ii4 nnn nil fltA nrnrtd ?(- nra « -JVUI vULUc, lur, muugu vuc uic uiu xvauu wyuu, iv wiw» promptly extinguished by railway employes , a number of whom had been sbnt on from the Parramatta Junction for the purpose of working the fire-engines when'they should arrive. Owing to the near proximity of the bush fire, many dwellings were placed in imminent danger, and the inhabitants had as much as they could do in looking after the safety of their property. Ashed caught fire, and was destroyed, and a railway truck, loaded with wood, also caught fire, but any serious damage to it was prevented. The engines were employed in protecting the house property that stood in danger. They left for Sydney soon after 4 o'clock, when all appearancos of danger had dis appeared. It was fortunate that the stack of wood, which' is of enormous size, did not take fire, for had it done so the station-house must have been destroyed. Fire at Balmain. — At about ten minutes past 8 o'clock last Wednesday night the fire bells at Balmain rang out an alarm, and the engine was quickly sent out. Some fencing belonging to Mr. Elyard was on fire,; and tho bush around Captain M'Donald's property was also burning. The brigade by means of their buckets succeeded in extinguishing the flames. Alarm of Fibe at Forest Lodge. — An alarm of fire at Forest Lodge was made in Sydney on Tuesday, but it proved to be false. It probably arose in consequence of the dense smoke in the neighbourhood, which was produced by the bush fires round about. 