INTERCOLONIAL. It is amusing to read the Ultramon tane newspapers published in Frauce at tbe present time, when they discourse of the recent floods. The chief of these journals is U Univers, edited by M. Veuillot ; of whom it has b,een said that 'he^ doubts nothing, because he knows nothing.' This man, equally celebrated for his ignorance and his presumption, declares that the inundations were a judgment sent from God, in order to punish the people who do not pay their church tithes as they did in the last century. But he adds, for the comfort of the priesthood, that after God has occasioned a few more disasters of this kind, has drowned some additional hun dreds of human beings, and destroyed tbe harvests of wine, and corn, and oil, which are produced by His beneficence, people will be only too glad to return to the payment of the ecclesiastical dime. It will be extorted from them by their terror. But other pious journals take a different view of the calamity. One of these, the Gazette de Nimes, says : — ' It is probable the inundation is a terrible punishment sent from Heaven aftey the scandalous affair of the statue of Ger maine ; every one knows of tbe shame ful conduct of the municipality of Tou louse on that occasion. If the council had voted the sum demanded for the said purpose, Divine Providence would not have treated with such severity the capital of Longuedoc.' The Germaine referred to is a shepherdess of Paberac who pretended to have celestial visions like Marie Alacoque, of a bleeding sheep's heart, which she called the Sacre-Cceur ; and the Municipal Council of Toulouse was hard-hearted enough to refuse to vote funds for the erection of a statue to her. In revenge for which, God ruined hundreds of industrious people living fifty or sixty miles away from the city, and in no wise implicated in the act of the Council ! Other country journals attribute the inundation to some special sin of another kind, just as the Jesuits of Belgium attributed the burning of a college to the wrath of God because a light-hearted schoolboy had taken a consecrated wafer, and had eaten it before breakfast. All this goes on in the countries which claim to stand at the head of European civilization, a.d. 1875 ! What about our ' pro gress ?' — Maryborough and Dunolly Ad vertiser. Bush Fire at Noeth Shore. — The inhabitants of North Shore were greatly alarmed on Tuesday night by the large busb-iire which was burning there the whole of that day. The scrub burnt fiercely, and people were employed until after midnight beating out the flames. Yesterday afternoon, at 6 minutes past 2 o'clock, Superintendent Brown re ceived the following telegram from Mr. Murray, ' Bush-fire down in Neutral Bay, houses in great Hanger.' ' Twenty minutes after, another telegram from the station-master at North Shore was sent, 'Reported by constable Reilly, bush-fire raging in Neutral Bay, un occupied houses on fire, three or four others very . close in great., danger * plenty of water; assistance required.' Immediately ou. the latW telegram being received Mr. Brown started with one of his engines -and proceeded to North Shore. On his arrival he found that an unoccupied house, the property of Mr. Younger, had been btfrnt down. It was a stone building, with a shingle roof, and was uninsured. The follow ing houses were in imminent danger at one time, viz., those of Captain Pockley, Captain Wyles, Mr. Arnold, Mrs. Murray, and Mrs. Thompson, besides several other properties. The , danger was caused through the falling fire, which was blown down tbe bill, all the houses ; mentioned beitig on the incline. Had the wind continued there is ,no knowing where the damage would have ended, as all the properties men tioned must inevitably been destroyed. The wind set in from the west shortly after 4 o'clock, for the time being all immediate danger was at an end. Con stable Reilly rendered very valuable assistance, and deserves the greatest praise. Mr. Tunks, and in fact all the neighbors exerted themselves to tbe utmost. About an hour after Mr. Brown's arrival with the Insurance Companies' engine, the Nos. 2 and 3 Volunteer Companies reached the scene of the fire. The- engines were brought back about half-past 5 o'clock, after everything had been seen to- be all safe. Daring Isst night there Was a breeze blowing, which fanned up the fire, and gave it a great reflection. It is reported tbat a house in Middle Harbor was burnt down yesterday morning. , It is believed to be the property of a Mr. Hipwood. A large fire was also raging last night, apparently at the back of Ryde, the flame being distinctly visible from Sydney. — 8. M. Herald. Gold in a Strange Place. — A resi dent at Stawell was a good deal surprised, writes the ' Pleasant Creek News,' at unexpectedly striking gold while engaged in the consumption of his dinner a few days since. While disposing of some veiy good sausages, his teeth encoun tered something .very hard. Hastily taking it from his mouth, he found it- to be a piece of quartz, and a closer inspec tion showed gold plainly. How the little specimen got into the chopping machine is a mystery, and although, the finder at once went and purchased the entire stock of sausages — causing quite a rise in the price of that article — he has found no more. A Strange Suicide. — It was reported on Saturday last, that, at half-past 12 o'clock on that day, a woman, named Sarah King, 94 years of age, residing at the house of Thomas Austin, at 'F.nflpl^ hanged herself in her bedroom- Mrs. Bridget Austin saw the deceased at 9 o'clock on the morning mentioned, and no person saw her alive after that time. Airs. Elizabeth Austin, on going into the deceased's bedroom, to see if she was in bed, found her hanging at the foot of the bed by a rope attached to one of the beams of the house. The deceased was taken down at once by Mr. Austin, dead. Dr. Morgan was called in, and found life was extinct. — Sydney Morning Herald. Fatal Occurrence. — Great excite ment was caused in Kent-street last night, (says the Sydney Morning Herald ,) through a report having been spread that a woman, named Flora Evans, had been murdered. Tje circumstances connected with the matter are as follows :— About 9 o'clock the woman was in company with two other women, named Annie Chapmau and Elizabeth Eldridge, at Ryan's Star of Peace Hotel, corner of King and Kent streets. Evans went into the house about the time mentioned, and called for a glass of ale, which was served to her in a little room off the bar. Before she had drunk the ale, a petty officer of A. M. S. Pearl, named William A. D. Levette, came into the room where Evans was ; Evans who knew Levette, rushed towards him with open arms, and he pushed her back ; she fell and became insensible. There were a great many people in the house at the time, amongst them were several men belonging to the Pearl and Sandfly. When Evans fell, the publican Ry«n got some water, and endeavoured to make her driok it, but finding she could not swallow, had h^er placed in a cab, and at once removed to the Infirmary. Annie Chapman accom panied Evans to the institution, where on her admission she died. Detectives Tindal, and Willmott on hearing of the occurrence, went in search of. Levette, and after about an hour's search they discovered him, and took him in charge1 on suspicion of having caused the death of the woman. The matter has been re ported to the Coronfr, who will hold an inquest during the- day. Charge of Murder. — At the New castle Police Court on Thursday (says the '? Pilot') Thomas Hyde, a half-caste, was charged with wilfully and maliciously killing and slaying William Sincox, at Redhead, on October 23. It will be re membered tbat on Sunday, 23 rd October, the deceased, with prisoner, William Hyde, and another, proceeded from New Lambton to Redhead to. bathe. This was between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning, and at 12 o'clock prisoner Hyde's brother returned and told Sincox, sen., that his son had been killed. The words nsed by young Hyde were, ' He (deceased) was stooping to catch a star fish for bait, and a wave struck him, and knocked him np against a rock and killed him.' At the inquest held on the fol lowing day the jury returned a verdict of accidental death.' Something tran spired subsequently j however, which led to the belief that there had been foul play, and on Tuesday, Dr. Hill,J.P., granted a warrant for the appreheusion of Thomas Hyde on the charge of murder. The prisoner was brought up, and, after being formally charged, was remanded to | Waratah, where the case is to be heard. The Miners' Advocate gives the following particulars in reference to this mysterious case:— Early on Sunday morning the constable, the witnesses at the inquest, Mr. Sincox, and a party of gentlemen proceeded to the beach, and were con ducted to where the accident was said to have taken place j all the witnesses \- agreeing to foe spot, but differing as to I where the clothes were laid when they were in the water bathing. Tom Hyde was then, conducted along tlie beach to where the deceased was lying, and not withstanding the heavy showers of rain which had fallen during the week the traces of blood were still plainly visible, and- several large clots of blood were picked up by the constable and preserved in a handkerchief. Hyde was questioned about the blood, and at first said he knew nothing about it, but on being confronted by Sincox he is reported to have said, ' Yes, that is your boy's blood, .and this is where he met bis death,' (pointing to the log), and after wards said that if Sincox said nothing about the matter, he would bear all the expenses of the funeral. The boy Fletcher was then brought up and questioned abont the log and the blood, but denied all knowledge of them, until told that Tom Hyde had confessed, and acknowledged that the boy met his death there. Blood was easily traced for about thirty yards towards the bnsh, where there seemed to have been a large pool, and tbere was found a piece of round iron which had been used as a ' sinker' for a fishing line, and a few yards away was found a fishing rod. Hyde acknowledged tbat both tbe rod and sinker were his. The log in ques tion is about twenty-three feet long and two feet through, and was then, at nearly high tide, lying about forty yards from the waters edge. [A telegram ^states that Hyde has been committed for trial on the capital charge. — Ed. S. M. H.] Child-desertion — Tlie following com ment on a painful case appears in the Melbourne Spectator : — On the 6th instant Emma Byrnes, who is said to be the daughter of very respectable people, was convicted at the Melbourne Criminal Sessions of exposing her infant child, about two months old, in Studley Park. The prisoner after endeavouring to get rid of her son by inducing a poor woman to nurse it, and then giving a false name and address, deliberately left the poor little creature to die by abandoning it over night. The life of the infant, how ever, was saved when it was half dead f.om lying till early morning in the cold, by two men who hesrd the plaintive cries of the sufferer. Mr. W. A. C. A'Beckett volunteered to say on behalf of the unnatural mothtr that she was under the infli;en-ce of mania , caused by shame at the disgrace she had brought upon herself ano her family. But if snch plea were admitted it would palliate the actual murder of an illegiiima'e child. It seems to us, on the contrary, that there can be no possible defence for a woman who was a murderess in intent, if not in act. A mother not dead to every maternal feel ing would rather sacrifice heir own ex istence than make way with her offspring, even though she might be ashamed to acknowledge it before the world. Mr. Justice Fellows, who saet on the Bench, evidently wished to punish the wretched creature as severely as she deserved ; but as the jury recommended her to mercy on account of her youth, ' he sentenced her only to one year's imprisonment, with hard labour. Double the time would not have been too heavy a penalty for so heartless and wicked an offence. Aborigines and Chinamen. — Tbe freedom and ease of the poor aboriginal of Australia is Well known to those who reside in the interior. The Pastoral Times say6 tbat when blacks come about a' station or township they are at ease, and call their white friends, no matter how high their social standing, by their surnames, and never use the word ' Mr.' They think themselves, or seem to by their acts, on a par with the whit s. Bnt they will have nothing to do with the Chinamen, whom the blacks despise and look down upon. The other evening, at Cobran station, there was a lectnre and concert given. There were abont 150 men present, including shearers, washers, draymen, Chinese cooks, and blacks. After the majority had got standing room, two blacks went and took their stand before some Chinamen, disturbing their view of the performance ; so one of the Chinamen expostulated with one of the aboriginals. The blacks stood their ground, and thinking, like whites; that they must draw the line somewhere, said, ' Bale yon whitefellow ; blackfellow better than Chinaman ; what for you pigtail fellows sit down here.' The poor snubbed Chinese stood meekly the asser tion of the black's superiority. A few years since a destitute demented China man drifted. into a blacks camp on the Murray, where he Was made the general slave of the tribe. One of the blacks was asked if he was fattening up John for a meal. The former replied, ' Bale, bale,' (no, no); 'by-him-bye he (China man) all the same as blackfellow ' meaning that the Celestial would, if he behaved himself, be promoted to all the rights and privileges enjoyed by the blacks). The end of John was, how ever, never known. 