NEWS OF THE DAT. Hot, dry weather has shown the nnpre- paredness and inability of public servants to cope with an emergency in more depart ments than one. The failure of the water suunlv officials is patent to all, but it ap- pears that the large increase in the mortality during the past week has overtaxed the managers of the General Cemetery and some other places of interment, and they have not beea equal to the task of provid ing the extra number of graves re quired. The unprecedented heat that was experienced during live days of last week must have caused a rate of mortality greater than has been experienced in Melbourne and the suburbs previously. The deaths regis tered during' the week ending 17th January, 1S74, were 1 12, and the corresponding week this year they had increased to 153. For the week ending 24th January, 1S74, they were 113, but what they have been last week can only be surmised from tlienumbors that have been interred in the Melbourne and suburban cemeteries. In the General Cemetery, Sydney-road, the interments since Sunday, the 17th inst., have been as follows : Mon day, 19 ; Tuesday; 37 ; Wednesday, 3G ; Thursday, 43 ; Friday, GG ; Saturdny, 50 ; Sunday (yesterday), 21, making a total for one week of 27S burials. This is exclusive of the interments in suburban cemeteries, which must greatly swell the numbers, ns there were eleven persons buried in the Boroondara Cemetery at Kew on Saturday only. At theMelbournecemetery the ordinary stall of men employed is twenty-three, but while the work had so greatly increased, the managers neglected to add to the number of grave-diggers, although the urgent necessity For doing so was pointed out. At length on Friday, at midday, the sexton was em--' powered to take on twenty extra hands, but as he could not obtain them at a short notice, and there were sixty-six funerals on that day, the result was that only fifty-four were really interred, and twelve coffins had to remain above ground until Saturday. For the same reason a number of men had to re main at work yesterday digging graves. It may be hoped that the death rate will have fallen with the tlieimoineter, and that it will be long before the energies of the cemetery managers will be again so severely tried. The refreshing change in the temperature that occurred on Friday has continued, and yesterday especially the weather was very enjoyable, as with a bright sun and clear atmosphere there was a fresh cool breeze from the S.W. The following is the oiiicial record of temperature during the past week, supplied from the Melbourne Observatory : "The weather at the beginning of last week was very fine and pleasant, with a cool gentle breeze from S. W., but on the ISth it became hot and sultry, and each succeeding day, with a cloudless skv, tlie heat became more intense and with the thick Jjazo and smoke from bush-fires more oppressive, until at eleven a.m. on the 22nd the wind went round from north to S.W., which reduced the temperature in tea miuutes from 1IU.S to 7G.0, and was followed during tire evening by light rainshowers, The live days from Monday, the 18th, to Friday, the 22nd, is the period of greatest heat recorded in Melbourne, the average temperature for the twenty-four hours on the lStli having been 76.2; 19th, 83.4; 20th, 94.0 ; 21st, 93.7 ; 22nd, S4.0 ; giving an average for the five days of SG.3 ; wliilo the highest five-day average on record only reaches S0.9, from Gth to 10th January, 1872\. The daily averages on tbo 20th and 21st wore also tho highest qji record, viz., '.U.Oand 93.7 respectively ; 91 .3 being the .maximum-oii 14th January, 1802, on which day tho absolute maximum recorded siuco 1S5S occurred, viz., 111.2. The loweBt tem perature, 50.1, was recorded on the early mntning of the 17th. The highest reading of tho barometer, 29.9S8, occurred on tbe evening of tbe 23rd, with light S.W. breeze; the lowest, 29.584, on the afternoon of the 21st, with a strong hot north wind. Kain fell to the amount of 0.17 inches, making the total rainfall since tho beginning of the year 057 inches. At no other time has there been a finer class of ships in Hobson's Bay than at tho present. At tho Saudridge Railway Pier there are tho steamships St. Osytli and Somersetshire, and among the sailing ships ! the Ben Voiriich, Sobraon, Allanshaxv, Yorkshire, Norfolk and others, all well worth visiting. At tho Williamstown Rail way Pier is tho new Aberdeen clipper ship Romanoff, which will bear favorable com parison with any ship atloat, also several other very fine and powerful ships. At the outer anchorage is the Loch Maree, which arrived on Saturday from Glasgow. The Saudridge Town Pier has its full quota of vessels, amongst them tho clipper ship Ape'les, which is making ready to take another freight of horses to India. Mr. Ireland, Q.C., we understand, has been retained by tho Government to con duct the prosecution of O'Fcrrall, tho de faulting clerk of tbe Lands office. The contractors for fitting up and erecting the CO-ton steam eranc, Messrs. D. Forman and Co., of the Yarra Boiler Works, have shown that the skill and appliances at their disposal are amply sufficient to enable them to completo their task most satisfactorily. Tho steam-engine and machinery in the body of the crane being found to work smoothly, nnd the shear legs having been placed in posi tion and rigged, it was resolved to raise the ponderous jib into its place _ on Saturday forenoon. The tubes nnd fittings of tho jib weigh 34 tons. The butt of each tube was lifted by a derridk, worked by manual power, and a very strong rope with blocks from tho shear legs was attached to near the centre of the jib, the lifting power being the machinery in the crane. All worked so admirably that in half an hour the mass was lifted in a horizontal position to the height of 1G feet from the roadway, and in about an hour afterwards the butts of the jib were placed securely in tho cups fitted to receive them, which are bolted securely on to the main body of the machine. As it was necessary to move the shear legs nearer in towards the foundation before raising the jib further, tlio tressto Biipports that had been provided for the purpose were placed, nd further operations suspended until to day. The death of a miserly old woman at North Fitzroy, who was known by tbe namo of Connor, was recently ' reported in our columns. After her death her premises were searched, and a man's hand was fpund beneath the hearthstone. This gave rise to several rumors, and it was stated that a hitman body had been discovered. There was no truth, however, in this, and what was supposed to be portions of a body lias turned out to be meat that the woman had Jma/I in +li xx nViSmttmr A hflQ l)OOix was discovered, and this shows that the real name of the woman was Fornn, and not Connor. It lias transpired that she arrived in the colony from Tasmania in 1S70, and it is supposed that Blie superstitiously kept the hand, which was well preserved, as a charm. Tho voyages of the ships Loch Maree and Cashmere, which arrived on Saturday, have not passed over without incident. The former is from Greenock, nnd had two deaths on board; one, that of Mr. M 'Mil- Ion, on the 13tli November, a second cabin passenger, who died from consumption ; and the other, that of an apprentice, on tho 5th inst., named Philip de Quetville, who fell from tho mizen top, and was killed instan taneously. The deceased lad was highly esteemed by all on board. On the Cashmere also a fntal accident occurred to an appren tice named Davenport, who was washed overboard by a heavy sea during n severe gale encountered off Holyhead just after the steam tug warps, had parted. No attempt to rescue the uiifortunate youth could be mado, as the galo was too severe, and all the energy available bad to be used for the safety of the ship. The Cashmere, when off Tristan d'Acunlia, passed very close, and the weather being fine she hove to, and was boarded by several boats which brought oil a quantity of fresh provisions. Tho death of Mr, James Bent, father of Mr. Thomas Bent, M.L.A., Mayor of Brighton, is reported. The deceased, who was in his 71st year, was apparently in bis usual health on Fridiy morning, but com plained of illness during the day, and died early on Sunday morning. . The funeral took place yesterday afternoon, and was very largely attended. Mr. Bent had been a re sident of Brighton for thirty years. The convict Weachurch, after recently completing a sentence of ten days' solitary confinement, received a lenient one of two days for insubordinate conduct, and on Mr. Call, visiting justice, going to Pcntridge last weekj Weachurch was again brought before liim for using insolent and abusive language to some of the officials, and was again sen tenced to fourteen days' solitary confinement The unfortunate warder Coghlan, who was recently assaulted by this prisoner, is still utinblc to resume dnty. The prisoner Howe, who had the bolt of his cell door cut nearly through, with the intention of endeavoring fy make bis escape from Pentridge, was sen tenced to three months' hard labor for the offence, and seven days' solitary confinement for insolence. Captain Moonlight, alias Scott, the notorious Ballarnt gnol breaker, who is also a source of great trouble to the authorities, was remanded for a week on a charge of bringing false elinrgcs against Mr. Overseer Balis. On Tuesday last, Warder Busteed, at the Pentridge Stockade, had a very narrow escape from eonp de sohil. He was posted on one of the high towers overlooking the new labor yardB, but was so overcome with tho intenso heat _ that he could scarcely get home. When lie did so ue was seized with vomiting and pains in the head and stomach. Dr. llced, mi being sent for, injected morphia into his arm, and lie is now better. Some Bix months ago a requisition, we arc informed, was put in to nave these towers covered, but as yet nothing has been done to them, and the warders intend bringing tho matter under official notice. Henry Ingray, living at Hotham-hill, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital on Saturday, having sustained n fracture of the leg, caused by his being thrown off a horse which lie was riding on Saturday last. The Rev. James Greenwood, M.A., of New South Wales, preached two sermon's in the Albert-street Baptist Church yesterday. In -the morning the church was numerously attended, when the rev. gentleman chose for his text the Gth chapter of Matthew, 10th verse. The subject was The Duty, Signifi cance and Value of Prayer. He set forth that prayer recognised God's absolute sove reignty ; it avowed God's perfect goodness ; it involved perfect submission to tho Divine will and an oarnest purpose of self consecration to Divine ends. Mr. Greenwood in the course of his remarks illustrated enforced argu ments respecting the personal responsibility of man, and concluded by saying that prayer was useless unless it was followed by man's action in working for the things desired. It was no use, ho said, for a man to pray to God to give liim a good crop of wheat unless lie had sown the seeds and tilled the ground. In the evening Mr. Greenwood delivered a special sermon to young men. The church was on this oc casion crowded, and Mr. Greenwood took for his text from, the 19th to the 21st verse of the 22nd chapter of Proverbs, the subject being Excellent Things ! He introduced his remarks by a reference to a ship on a long voyage. Men, in entering upon their career, were embarking upon a troubled sea. Tlie voyage of life was one fraught with many trials before tho other shore was reached in Bafety. He had considered this chart of life, and wished to point the way across the trackless deep, and also to illus trate the duty of man to himself, his fellow creatures and his God. He urged Belf- cutture and the development of faculty, and traced man back to his infancy, showing that of all creatures he was undoubtedly the most deficient and helpless. He urged upon parents tho duty of cul tivating tlie minds of their children, as when the child had finished his edu cational course, it was not dt the school, but at the home the development of inind ana faculty must be attended to. Mr. Green wood then enumerated the various follies and vices that the youth of each sex have to contend against) and gave tbem some very sound advice. Both sermons were listened to throughout with great attention. The Sydney Morning Herald has published an analysis of the voting at the recent gene ral election in New South "Wales. Out of 03,564 votes on tbo roll, only 18,817 were recorded. Not one member has been returned by half tbo electors on the roll for the district ho represents. A num ber of members have been returned by less than one-third, and that some of them have been returned by less than a fourth. The total result leaves 44,747 votes which cannot bo said to have any electoral in. llucuce. A paper, which is only noticeable by the fact of its being printed on Sun day, contained in its issue of yesterday ouc of the most infamous and mendacious sensational accounts of an imaginary catas. trophe tlmt has ever appeared in a colonial journal. We allude to the fact simplv be. eause it occasioned considerable uneasiness in the minds of those whom the rumored calamity only reached second-hand. It purported to give full particulars of tbe caving in of the streets of Ballarat, and the swallowing up of numberless houses with all their occupants ; the agony-piling culmin ating in a report of an explosion of the gas works, and the destruction of GOO lives ana property to a fabulous extent. On Thursday, during tho intense heat, a horse, the property of Mr. Colo, a market gardener at Coburg, was killed by sun stroke. An ironmonger in Elizabeth- street, named Thompson Bates, was found lying dead be. bind his shop counter on Saturday evening. An inquest will be held to-day. A great portion of Studley Park was a mass of Haines on Saturday last, and Mr, Halfpenny, the park ranger, believes that it was wilfully sot on fire by the Collingwood larrikins, who have frequently threatened tliey would burn liim out. An infant, about live months old, died on Friday last nt Richmond, under rather strange circumstances. The child had been handed over to nnrse to a woman named Flynn, who gave it to a Mrs. Radford, living in l'unt road, Richmond. Next morn- ing, Mrs. Radford, in dressing tho child, found that one of its arms was broken, and she took it to a modical man, on whose advice she brought it to the Melbourne Hospital, when the arm was sot. Tbe child was taken to tho hospital for treatment again on Wednesday last, but it was soon after wards seized with a lit and died. An in quest into the circumstances attending the death will be held to-day. On Saturday afternoon, a young man named John Lcaan, while bathing in the Emerald-liill sea baths, was suddenly seized with cramp, and but for the assistance of another young man named Henry Mathews would no doubt have been drowned. Mathews kept liim afloat above five minutes, at the same time crying for help, when the keeper of the hatlis threw out a buoy and' pulled both men to the steps. The Pleasant Creel News states that " in stances are continually cropping up showing tiie injustice inflicted on selectors in this locality by the Lands department oompelling them to travel to St. Arnaud or Horsham to pay their rents. Surely tbe selectors on the Wimmoraand in neighboring localities are heavily enough handicapped with the fear- fill season they are experiencing, without being put to needless expeuse in paying tlicir hard-cariicd money to the Govern- ment. To provide for a want greatly felt the Now Provident Medical institution, No. 1 Gertrude-street, has been established. Its objects, as set out in tlie ail. vertisement, are : — To afford to persons of limited or uncertain means, who from various causes are unable to become mom. bers of friendly societies, the same advan tages so far as medical attendance nt their own homes when required ; and to supply raediciueswithout special charge, thesameas the members of friendly societies enjoy. The Provident Medical Institute only requires the payment of one-third the amount or con tribution paid by members of friendly so cieties, without entrance fee, and for this sum, namely, £1 Is. per annum, payable quarterly if desired, the member can obtain medical attendance nud medicine for liunself and children, under rules nnd regulations which, having been registered, possess the same legal force as the rule.w of friendly so cieties. The medical officers in Melbourne-are Surgeon Crooke and Dr. Twcedale, who for many years have enjoyed very extensive medi cal practice in thencigliboriiood of Fitzroyaud Uolhngwood. Mr. David Blair gave a lecturo on Friday evening in the Mechanics' Hall, Brunswick, au lubcucu iiuiu tuc iiuii, -i> J. Sumner, who had consented to preside, but who was prevented from indisposition, and in his absence Mr. W. J. Lobb was called upon to take the olinir. The subject of the lecture was Science and the Uni- verse, which was handled in nn able manner by the lecturer, who was awarded a hearty vote of thanks by a very appreciative audience. The Cornwall Chronicle reports that the heat on the 21st inst. was more oppressive at Launceston than it lias been since Black Thursday. On Wednesday, tlio 2()th, an accident occurred on the Main Line Railway, at Tea Tree, near Richmond. Tlie train not having sufficient break power acquired a great velocity, and only stopped when it isa off tbe line. Several men wcro hurt, ami one severely. West Geeloug has been visited by a shower of insects. Tho Advertiser says that on Wednesday, as the men employed at the gas works were pursuing their usual avocations, they were surprised when they found the/ wero being covered with insects, very much resembling those found on poultry, which stung and annoyed them so mini that nt last they wore glad to beat a rotrcai into the works, which in the course of hall an hour were covered with the minute but unwelcome visitors. The shower lasted fully half an hour. A point materially affecting the interests of vineyard proprietors was raised, states the Kyneton Guardian , in the Taradale Police Court on Wednesday last, when Albert G rosso, the owner of a place of public resort known as the Italian's Gardens, was charged with selling colonial wine without being duly licensed. The sale was admitted, as was also the fact that tho defendant had no licence, but Mr. H.J. Armstrong, who con ducted tho defence, contended that as the wine was tho product of grapes grown by defendant himself, he did not require a licence to sell. Tho police magistrate was of opinion that tlie only exemption was where the quantity sold was not less than two gallons, and was not consumed on the premises, but Mr. Armstrong quoted the following words from the interpretation clause : — "Nothing in this act shall apply to any person . . . who may sell or give wine or beer made from grapes or grain of his own growth," and the bench decided npon taking a week to consider the point. The case was therefore adjourned. The young woman who was severely in jured through the fire that took place on Thursday morning, at Mr. Noseda's Cherry Tree Hotel, Ralmain-street, Richmond, « progressing very favorably, considering that she was burnt all over tlie body, but it will bo some weeks before she will be sufficiently recovered to leave her bed. The little girl, Mr. Noseda's daughter, who was not bo eeverely injured, is considered out ot danger. The steamers "Williams and Golden Crown were crowded again yesterday with excur sionists down the Bay. All appeared to enjoy themselves ; but it might be as well if the providore of the Golden Grown were to bestow more attention to the catering for the passengers. At present the Williams is far ahead of the Golden Crown in this respect. The Star states that there are some spurious sovereigns in circulation in Bal larat, also some unsigned Bonk of Victoria notes. The Deniliquin Chronicle lins the following respecting the electioneering expenses of the candidates for the Mnrray. The cost of re turning Mr. William Hay will roach close on, if not over, £2000. Some squatters tell us that their quota is £150, and as there was abont forty engaged to put him in, it is just possible that their individual cheques may carry less value. As votes were bought here for the small figure of £1 paid in " silver" at North Deniliquin on Monday lost, a wide margin has been left. Of Mr. Barbour's expenses we have not yet any detail, but £200 wonln, wo think, cover all ; and for that a sub scription has been already initiated. This evening Mr. Thomas Campbell has a benefit entertainment at the Temperance Hall. Harry Kelly, Hudson, Cowan and Rockefeller, with several other well knows negro melodists and dancers, will take pert in the performance. The Kennedy Family, having finished a very successful season in Tasmania, are ebons to return to "Victoria, Next week they frill give entertainments in Beechwortli, and dhortly afterwards at Sandhurst. Tho University Bcliating Club will on Tuesday overling discuss the question-" Is man a deve loiiracut of tho lower animals V . Tho Australasian Struu Navigation Company s time tabic for tho mail lino from Australia to California will ho found in our advertising columns. , , . The valualdo monthly reports of Observations on Meteorology, tec.. taken at the Melbourne Obscrvatorv, bv Mr. Ellery, for 1S72, h-ivn been published in a" volume. In this form tho lopoi ts will ho Tory handy for reference. From Mr. Tyerman wo liavo received a pamphlet entitled Spiritualism Vindicated, being a reply to the strictures of the Revs. J. Graham, A. W. Webb, and D. Allen, of Sydney, on Mr. Tverman's lectures recently delivered in that P Ti,e committco of the Society for the Preven tion of Cruelty to Animals wish to direct tho attention of owners of horses, cab drivers, dray men, and others, to tho necessity for placing soino protective cover over the beads of horses who are exposed to the rays of tho sun for several hours together. m The People's Concert at the Temperance Hall, Rnssoll-strcet, was largely patronised on Satur day evening, and tho entertainment passed off very successfully. The most successful item on the" programme was Mr. Thomas Campbell's song. The Death uf Net-on, for which he re ceived an enthusiastic encore. Mr. Scott was the chairman, Mr. T. Kinpson conductor, and Miss Dwight the pianiste. A concert and assembly takes place this even ing at Hockin's room's," opposite St. Francis' Church. The entertainment is under the aus pices of the Catholic Total Abstinence Society, and tho funds will be for the liquidation of a debt. There lias been a very good programme prepared, with Madame Pett as pianiste, and Mr. Hoffcrnan as conductor. For thoso who are inclined to dnnco a full brass band Las been pro- .vulcil, 