THE SQUATTER'S DREAM. By ROLF BOLDREWOOD " A dream which was not all a dream."-Byron The season had not been a good one for grass. It was a very good one for wool. Save a little dust, no exception could be taken to anything. The clip was well grown; the washing simply perfection. The lambing had boen a fortunate one. Counting those aspirants for tho trials and tri umphs to which the merino proper is foredoomed, the count stood well over sixty thousand sheep, of all ages. But a few months .-.ince, what a com fortable sum of money did they represent; whereas now-but it would not bear thinking of ! The shearers evon, seemed to be unnaturally good and easy to niannge, now that no particular benefit could accrue from their conduct. Everything was right but the one'important fact, which lay at the root-the price of stock. Even if that had im proved, the season was going to turn and evilly entreat them; the "stars in their courses fought ' against Sisera;" and Jack began to consider him self as his modern examplar-the prey of the gods! He sent off his wool, hut this year he determined not to go to town himself ; with the present prices, and a fast-coming drought staring him in the face, what could aman do in tho Club or inCollins-Btreet, but advertise "himself as an incipient insolvent? Better stick to his work, save a little money, now that it was too late, and spend the summer plea santly in staving off bush fires, following in the dusty wake of endless hordes of starving travel ling sheep, and watching the desolation of the grass famine, already sore in the land, deepen from scarcity into starvation, A pleasant programme' truly, and considerably altered from that one droaniily sketched out for himself and Maud, so short a year agone-ah, me ! He wrote to his agents, desiring them to sell or ship tho clip at their discretion, and to pour the proceeds into the lap of the Bank of New Holland, so to speak, by the hands of Mr. Mildmay Shrood. Frons that gentleman he, by-and-by, received a missive, very soothing and satisfactory, as times went-" The wool had been sold very well, and had maintained the high reputation of Gondoree, both for quality and condition. Mr. Redgate was empowered to continue to draw upon the Dank for expenses, though (ha might, perhaps, be pardoned for suggesting, in the present severe financial pressure) the bank trusted that their constituents would use every effort to keep down expenses to the lowest limit consistent with efficient working. It was thought by gentlemen of experience that the present untoward season would soon break up. In the meanwhile, however, the utmost care and caution were necessary to prevent loss and depre ciation of valuable securities." " All this isveryreas8uring,"saidJack, grimly to himself, as he marked the allusion to the securities -doubtless, now, regarded as the property of the hank¿ or something nearly akin. "However,we are not quite sold up yet, and if the season would change, and a little rally come to pass in the mar ket, we might snap our fingers at the men of mortgage yet. There is a chance still, I believe. The wool fetched the best price on the river; every thing will depend upon the season, and how we get through this summer." "When poor Tom Hood once wrote that the "sum mer had set in with its usual severity," little thought the great humourist that he was describ ing the sad simple earnest of, the far land, to him a terra incognita. All places have their " hard season"-that por tion of the year when the ordinary operation of the weather has power to inflict the greatest amount of damage upon dwellers or producers. In one country it ia winter which is the foe of man with unkind frosts, cruel snow storms, hurtling blasts, or dark and dreary days. In another land, it is the hurricane season, when every vessel goes down at anchor, or is lilted high and dry over bar and beach, when the town totters above the shrink ing inhabitants, and when, perchance, the more awful earthquake gapes for the wretches whom the great tempest has spared.. But in Australia, more especially in that great interior system of sea-like plains, when for hundreds of miles the level is unbroken, and where, doubtless, at no very distant period, the surges of ocean resounded, the hard season there is the summer, more particularly the periodically recurring oppression of a dry summer, following a dry winter. In that land, where the brief spring is a joy and a luxury only too tran sient, where the winter is a time of rejoicing mild, fair, verdant-where autumn is the crown and utter perfection of sublunary weather, the sole terror is.of the.slow, unnatural, gradual desiccation which-as in the olden, Pharaoh days-eats up every [green herb, and, if protracted, metamor phoses plain and forest and watercourse, into similitudes of the " valley of dry bones." Such has happened aforetime in the history of Australia. Such may, at the expiration of any aqueous cycle, happen again. A term of dread was apparently settling down upon tho land, when John Redgate resolved to stay at homo the summer time through. Such were the prospects whicli confronted him, as he rode from paddock to paddock, among the tens of thousands of sheep.andwatched fromday to day thepasturage shrivel up and disappear; the water retire into the bosom of the sun-baked earth. The days were long, even dreary, and ns the summer wore on they seemed longer and more dreary still. Hot, glaring, breezeless-there was no change, no relief-apparently no hope. There was no sign of distress among the Gond area flocks, In that well-watered, well-pastured, well-fenced and subdivided station, the stock scarcely felt the pressure of the death-like season which was deci mating the flocks in less-favoured localities. But everything that was heard, Baid, or thought of, in that melancholy time, tended to depression and despair. " This man had lost ten thousand sheep having made too late a start for the back country, had boen unable to reach water from the interven ing desert. They-fine, strong, half fat wethers had gone mad with thirst- obstinately refused tc stir-as in the manner of sheep in their extremity and had perished to the last one. Then some one hac sold three thousand weaners for ninepence a head a well-grown lot, too " IAs the panic and the season acted and reacted upon one another, by the time the summer had passed, and the autumn, with cold nights, but still dry, stern, merciless as the summer, had come, the value of stock and stations had come to be nomi nal. People of imaginative temperaments began to ask themselves whether they could have been sane when they, in cool blood, set down 20 OOO sheep and a station as value for £20,000 or £25,000, Had such prices been actually paid ? Yes-actually paid ! Not in golden sovereigns, perhapsB, but in good cheques upon perfectly sol vent bank accounts, and in bills of exchange, which were legally strong enough to extract the lastpenny of their value from him whose name was written under the talismanic word "accepted." The money had been there, doubtless ; and now it seemed as if it had turned into withered leaves, like the fairy gold in the old legends. So mused Jack on bis daily rounds, as wearily he rode day after day, often on a weak and tired horse for grass was none, and hay and corn were consi derably dearer than loaf sugar; or when he lighted his pipe at night, and sat staring nt the stars, while M'Nab wrote up his accounts, and generally bore himself as if droughts were merely passing obstacles to the prosperity which must eventually attend the proprietor of well-classed cheep and a fenced-in run. Had John Redgate done what was wise, he would have gone down tolerably often to Luandah, and have refreshed his spirits by communing with the gentle and trustful mind of Maud Stangrove, who would havo led'him by degrees to accept the Pro vidence which he could not control. But a sullen feeling of resentment lind taken possession of him. He saw himself by the accidents of foreign finan cial action, and of an apparently capricious season, deprived of tho reward of years of struggle and forethought. He saw himself reduced, if'not to poverty, to an unwelcome and humiliating con dition, whence he could only look forward to extrication after years of toil and privation. Day after day the burden of anxiety and annoyance pressed more sorely upon a mental organisation, perhaps never robust. At times the cumulative effects of doubt, dread, and despair, resulted in a condition of agonised unrest which only the wine cup had power to allay. Duririg this ill-fated 1 season, it must be here confessed that John Redgate had gradually accus tomed himself to the use of stimulants in larger quantities, and with greater regularity than at any previous period of his life. With a sound conßti tution.'and unbroken health, he had shared, with perfect impunity, in the occasional indulgences of the festival time of a young man's life. In their turn be had joined in and borne them In turn he had abandoned them without a thought, and lived for months without wine or spirits. Now, his feelings, and daily recurring needs, were widely different. It is not considered " good form," even in the barbarous Australian bush, to drink before 12 a.m. The " sun over the fore-yard'' is both on sea and shore, held to constitute a natural, legal, and convenient signal for alcoholic or vinous refreshment. But I am afraid that our Jack, in these latter days, he who so heartily of yore despised the Blave of liquor, had become very keenly alive to the exact meridian altitude, and as keenly impatient for the midday draught. Ho would have stoutly resented the imputation that he was becoming too fond of grog, an inference whieh M'Nab had, with great trouble of mind, drawn for himself. But if it were not BO, he had reached a very dangerous and critical stnge on the hither side cf the Great Vice. He was unable io do without it. The famine year dragged on. Long will that season be remembered throughout the length and breadth of tbe great island-continent. ItB history was written in the hearts of ruined men-in tho dangerously tasked minds of many a proprietor whom " luck and pluck" carried through the ordeal. Still the drought, grasped with unrelent ing gripe the'enfeebled flocks-the thirst mad dened and desperate herds. The great merchants of the land were beginning to grow accustomed to the sound of the terrible word " bankruptcy." All bank shares had fallen, and were falling, to prices which showed the usual cowardly distrust of the public in tils time of trial. Rumour commenced to be busy with the names of more than one bank, including the Bank of New Holland, which had, it was asserted, made stupimdous advances to the squatters. "Hadn't they lent old Capt. Block strop a quarter of a million, and even that wouldn't cío ? Every day tho directors met, old Billy used to talk to the manager in much the same tone of voice that he liad benn accustomed to use to bia fiu- mate, and denuind ten, twenty, or thirty thousand pounds, as the caso might be. I must have it, Mr. Shrood, the old man would roar out, if I'm to carry on, or else, sir, by - the house of William Blockstrop and Co. will have the shutters up to-morrow morning." And he got the money of course. " And suppose he didn't get it ?" might remark an inquiring bystander, innocent of the mighty system of involuted financial machinery. "Not get it! would Croker, or Downemouth, fla neurs well-informed in all the monetary diplomacy of the day-do you suppose that bank can afford to let Old Blockstrop drop ? No, sir ; rotten as the commercial and pastoral interests are, they know better than to cut their: own throats, just yet. Other fellows may have to fell their sheep for half-a-crown a head, and take to billiard marking, or ' pies all hot,' for all tho bank cares ; but once you're in like Old Blockstrop, they can't let you go." Autumn passed over, winter commenced-that is the month of June arrived. The rain seemed as far off a6,ever. One day Jack smiled grimly ns he observed the anachronism of a tolerably smart bush-fire, which was burning away merrily, not tho grass, good wot, but the dried forest loaves which lay inches doep on the bare bosom of the tranced ahd death-like earth. Up to this time, hope had prevailed among the sore disheartened stookowners, that the weather must change. It would be unnatural, impoBsibh», that such a season could last over the next three months. There would be some rain, and even a little rain in that Btrange country, where most of the trees and shrubs are edible and even fattening for stock, counts for much. Were it to last for three months more millions of sheep, and hundreds o£ thousands of cattle, would te lying dead on the hare, dusty, wind-swept wastes, which had formerly been considered to be pastures. Gould this thing be P The old colonists shook their heads. They remembered 1837-38-39 during which memorable years tout little rain fell, when flour was £100 per ton, when rice even was too expensive for consumption, when more than half of the handful of stock then in New South Wales perished for lack of food. With the pre sent heavily stocked runs, what manner of desolation might be expected now P In the midst of this " horror of a great tempest -when men's hearts were failing them for fear-'' John Redgate received this letter, lying innocently "anguis in vir ida herba," among the ordinary contents of his Monday morning's mail-bag : "Bank of New Holland, " June.30th, 1808. " John Redgate, Esq., " Gondaree, Warroo. " My dear sir,-I have been instructed by the Board of Directors to draw your attention to the amount of your overdraft, amounting at date, with interest, to £30,114 12s 9d, which I am to request that you will reduce at your earliest convenience. " I remain, "Yours faithfully, "MlLDMAY SHBOOD." Jack's^ face turned nearly as white aa when he fell fainting at the Luandah gate. He set his teeth hard, as he crushed the fateful missive in his hand ; and, leaning back, growled out a savage oath, such as seldom passed his lips, " This was to be the end, then, of all his hopes, and plans, and work, exile and anxiety. To be sold up now, in the very vortex of the unabated panic, in the worst month of the year, in the m ost depressing period of the worst drought that had been known for thirty years. No warning, no hint, of such an impending stroke. The sword of Damocles had been suspended, financially, above his head, in his ' daily musings, in his nightly dreams, for many a month. But strong in sanguine anticipation of a change in the season, in a rise of the market, he had become accustomed to its presence, lt had come to be as harmless as a punkah ; and now-it had fallen, keen, deadly, inevitable, full upon his defenceless head." For he knew his position to be utterly hopeless. " Reduce his account !" What a world of irony lay in the request ! Even could he sell, without the consent of the bank-to which abstraction every sheep, lamb, and ileeco was mortgaged-how was he to realise, when best fat sheep were selling under five shillings, and ewes, as well-bred and elassed as his own, were offering in any number at half-a-crown a head, and unsaleable at that? God in heaven ! he was a ruined man-not in the sense of those whom he had known in mercantile life, who seemed in some wonderful fashion to fail, and come forth again with personal belongings hardly curtailed to ordinary observation, but really, utterly, tangibly ruined-left without home, or household goods, or opportunity to commence afresh. A bôggar and a byword, for rashness, extravagance, utter want of discretion, purpose, energy, what not. Who has not heard the chorus of cant which swells and surges round a fallen man P M'Nab was away ; he would tell him the news next day. Meanwhile, he must go to town, and see what could ks done. Matters might be arranged, somehow, though of what the " some how" was to be composed he had not the faintest conception, even after a nightcap wherein the proportion of " battle-axe" was not very closely calculated-"To bed, to bed, to bed!" Banquo, his ghost, did not more effectually murder sleep, than in Jack's case, did the delicate, deadly cali grapby of Mildmay Shrood. On the morrow he told M'Nab what had hap pened, and betook himself on horseback to the stage, which the mail could reach on the following day, choosing the distraction of a long ride rather than the slow torture of a whole day's waiting. (TO BB CONTINTJBD.) Complaints are being made of the reckless way in which poison is laid down on runs. A man named Cuell, while helping to lift a trolley at Wakeford's Camp, near Murrurundi, on Wednesday last, cried out to his mate that something had broken in his log. The calf of the right leg im mediately began to swell, and to cause him acute pain. Re was conveyed to Murrurundi, and placed under the caro of Dr. Gordon, when it was found that a rupturo of a large artery in the calf had been sustained, which will require a considerable time to heal. We are starving (writes a Walgett correspon dent), and unless some one 'comes to the rescue we shall be out down like a flower. ' The whole district is uour-less, and it is no figure of speech to add-power less. There are no drays within 100 miles of Walgett, of any kind, and the roads will not carry 4vehicles of of any sort whatever-not even the mail coaches. The following paragraph from the Melbourne TELEGBAPH throws some light upon the announce ment in our cable message of to-day respecting an offer made by tho Eastern Telegraph Extension Com pany to transmit messages between England and Port Darwin, at a cost of £3 for ton words :-An announce ment appears in the EoBorKAW MAUI that Sir Julius Vogel has obtained a reduction of £3 on the minimum charge for telegrams from England to Port Darwin. The statement has its oomio side. From letters received from tho Hon. J. G. Franois, it appears Sir Julius Vogel made this arrangement conditional on the payment of an annual subsidy of £20,000 to the company, and the New Zealand Premier was kind enough to allot the payment as follows : Victoria, JE7Ö00J New South Walos, £7500; and South Aus tralia, £5000. He desired Mr. Franois to telegraph this arrangement to Melbourne with his recommendation, but Mr. Franois deolined, and he remarks in Ms letter, " Julius is not Julius Caesar." Western Australia papers to hand by the Suez mail have little news of interest. Somo people thero are advocating the removal of a tax on flour, and the papers aro at variance on the question of free trade. Tho principal journal, the FREEMANTLE HERALD, is strongly adverse to the repeal of a flour duty as a groat proportion of tho settlers are farmers. Tho same paper is demanding officient inspection of the black's prison on EottnoBt Island. There, on a lonely island, about twolvo miles off the mouth of Swan River, a number of aboriginals aro detained without any unofficial communication with the outer world, so that any cruelty can bo committed by tho gaolers with impunity. The strictures of the HERALD are cauaed by revelations made at the trial of two prisoners for the murder of an old native named Tim, whom it is alleged they cruelly choked for BO known reason. Mr. Parker, a rising young barrister, defended the priflonors and secured their acquittal. 