TUE WEATHER AND BUSH FIRES IN AND AROUND MELBOURNE. FROM Thursday's Melbourne papers, which came to hand, last night, we extract the fellowing respecting the terribly hot weather and the con- sequent suffering which havo been experienced in Victoria during tho past week : ' The anticipations of Tuesday respecting the weather (writes the Telegraph) were warmly and fully realised yesterday in Melbourne, The naorn I ing indicated, wliat the day would be, tim first rays or the sun throwing a sidelong heat equal to a reasonable result of its perpendicular effect at I noon day. The early I reeze also assisted to i determine what would be the condition of things in a few hours. At half-past 5 a.m. it blew I warmly, and long before noon there was a stilling hotwind, Occasional clouds interfered withthef ul! and uninterrupted effect of the sun, or probably another degree or two would have been registered. The maximum heat as recordedat the Observatory was 110-4 ia the shade, and 148'2 in the sun, so that yesterday came within one degree of being the hottest day experienced in Melbourne for seven- teen years. 'In Bourke-street, at Mr. Earle's, tho glass reached 108 and 1Ü3, showing a difference of 5 degrees in tho shade, a.id 15 in tho sun, n cir- cumstance which is certainly somowhat peculiar. ' The heat iras not altogether the rdsult of the sun and a hot wind, for it may be said that the colony was nearly all on Aro on Tuesday, and the reports of yesterday to hand tell of a continuation of bush conflagrations of the most deplorable kind. Our telegraphic news tells of one unhappy woman being burned to death near Inglewood, and at Kilmore more than one farmer has had all his worldly goods destroyed. It appears that,the heat of Tuesday in Melbourne was exceeded at Echuca, but not reached in anv other part of the provinces, the nearest approach being at Stawell and Sandhurst, where the glass rose to 104, in, the shade. At Castlemaine the .highest was 102, and at Ballarat 07. From Echuca tho report is that at tho post-office the thermome- ter . registered' in the shade under tho verandah Ul, and 114 under a verandah at the rear of the building. From all these places, and all other parts ot the colony, , our oxchanges contain ac- counts of bush Ares. Tho water supply department (says the Age) have managed to make a complete muddle of the matters undor their charge. The maledictions poured out upon the devoted heads of the officials yesterday by those who suffered from their blundering were very severe. In the first place the notifications that the Yan Yean supply would be cut off during certain periods of tho day were not published in time for householders to bo pvo Ímred for the emergency, and yesterday many amilics wore without water, owing to the want of early publicity being given as to tho intention of the department. In the second place, grievous disappointment wan felt because the terms of tho notification were not adhered to. in several places the water was to bo turned off ' from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m., and to bo turned on from ö p.m. to 7 a.m. lt will bo hardly crodited that up to ll o'clook last night tho water was not forth- coming in Borne localities, Emorald-hill, for in- stance, and that many dwelling houses were abso- lutely without water from the Yan Yean for nearly twenty hour's. Although thero have been aoveral hot day» this season, yesterday, as tho culminating paint of heat so far, nt least, was tho only day on which any case of sunstroke occurred ; no fewer than three persons being struck down from this cause, ono caso of coup da toidi unfortu- nately proving fatal. Tho first case was that of Mrs. Kate Kenny, aged 30, residing In Queon Btreet, who was walking through ono of the streets, when lier hat was blown off, and before Ishu could recover it she fell down, when runnin in ii faint. Daniel M'Mahon, aged 40 .reara, r (.¡ding at Sandridge, was working on the dry due on the South Yarra bank, when he suddenly ft insensible, and it was quickly perceived tint li had suffered sunstroke. Both were conveyed t the Mel bourn o Hospital in the afternoon, nn shortly after 8 o'clock another case of pup posed sunstroke waa admitted, being tim of a labourer from Coburg, name unknown, \vh was insensible when brought into the institution Although the usual remedies were at once applied tli« man never recovered his senses, and diei tliurtly nf ter his admission. From WiHiamstowi two cases of sunstroke are reported. The first i: that of a man employed as boatman in the sorvici of the Pilot Companies, named Willie, who becamt insensible, and was taken home, but got bette: towards evening. The second case was that oj John Patterson-an employer of the Dredging department, who, after his removal to his residence was attended by Mr. Maclean, surgeon. He wa« suffering severely up to a late hour. A frightful accident happened at Inglewood to- day, Mrs. Ellis, wife of Mr. David Ellis, sheep dealer and farmer, of Bulabul Creek, being burned to death in a bush fire. The unfortunate woman was with some other women in a paddock when the fire came running through the grass, threaten- ing one of the stacks. They all went forward to beat the fire back, and while so doing the flames [ caught Mrs. Eilis's clothes, and immediately on I veloped her. Tho injuries she sustained were so serious tiiat she lived only two hours, being beyond all human aid from the first. Her husband and all the men were working in putting out the fire in another paddock at the time, but he was with her when she died. Busk fires are burning all round, rendering roads impassable. Fires have approached to within half a mile of Wedderburn, destroying a large nmount of property. The last two days the thermometer stood nt 100 in the Bimde. The greatest consternation and excitement prevails in this town ns news arrives of tho numerous disasters. Smoke from fires rises all round in dense black volumes. The Kingower ranges are all on fire, and the Loddon farms aro in extreme danger from a fire that has run through nearly twenty miles of country. Bush fires are raging all round Kilmore, and several farmers have been burnt out. One, named John Cronin, lins been burnt out of house and home, and left penniless, with a wife and six children. The fire crossed over to the Lancefield road, burning out Messrs. Brooks, Welch, and Joiner. To-day Mr. Goodman's pince was also burnt ont. Word has just been brought in of another larmer, Thomas Kelly, baring lost every- thing. The fires nre fast approachinc; the town on nil sides. The ¿rand stand on the racecourse was saved with difficulty. The police and all tho spare mon that could bo got are sent up to try and prevent the entry of the fire into the police pad- dock and hospital grounds. The Sandhurst correspondent of the Agc, under date the 20tb January, writes : A frightful bush- fire is destroying miles of country between Myers' Flat and Marong. .Numerous farms are now in flames, nnd another large fire ie raging at Kama- rooka," - ? Yesterday bush-fires were raging nil around Mount Macedon. Nearly the whole of Mr. Robert- son's run nt New Gisburne has been burned, nnd fires were burning fiercely last evening in several places in Upper Macedon, and adjoining the State forest near the top of tho Mount. . The Ballarat Couriir remarks that Tuesday was ono of those days which live long in human re- membrance. : Tho heat was simply intense, and but for tho elasticity of the atmosphere, the sky being free from cloud?, would have beon unbearable. In what hare hitherto been regarded as cool rooms the Fahrenheit thermometer registered 07 degrees, while in apartments more exposed the quick- silver, exceeded the 100 degrees. Tho whole country around seemed to be be in a blaze of fire. 