LATEST INTELLIGENCE. TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. CRESWICK, 22nd September. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) A political meeting was held this evening in the Town-hall for the purpose of sympathising with the present Ministry when the following resolutions were passed:-"That this meeting desires to express its approval of 'the' policy of tbe ■.» thinks them entitled to Brit 4 fn> v ni „ atr y. "“a against the Government being victoriaT «” w raisc <l respectfully calls'upon his Exceß™ mcetin g Governor to dissolve . a ' Parliament wl m. 0 .Actbg ■' A meeting of inliabiUhlg l^c?n^ oSeptemlicr •Wednesday: evening in' the Town-hall't* 8 1161,1011 the factious spirit in which the Berrv M! bemg treated in. the Legislative AssembW « wore about three hundred persons nr»7‘b Thero meeting.'/ The; mayor, Mr lowing resolution was, proposed bv w?'n,. X , ! ' A seconded by .Mr Chalmers” and cmried "J^ 3 - -*' That this meeting, whilst highly Ch £ etlrB: policy of ■ the Ministry, and giving ? it tho honesty, of purpose and ability in L L mote the best interests of the people viewsSi P 1 * - mgs of deep indignation the fLiLs opposit^ l *’ ested by a certain portion of the Ass'S the Government; -and fully believing that the sS parties in the present Assembly is such is in , o! almost impossible for any popular Ministry to holl office with advantage to the people, is ofopiLn . petition should be immediately prepared n J bU sented to his Excellency the Acting. Governoronri 8 ' him to dissolve the: Assembly in the eveS of S,! Pns sent Ministry being, defeated on ita policv absence of the principal leading men of the toivnC the platform was remarked upon. The resolution Z supported by several speakers, after which the meet mg closed with cheers for the Ministry. A comini.t was appointed to draw up the petition, the same S taw '““ * . SAXDnunsT , 22nd September A public meetmg wan held this evening i a t), n Town-hall, and. was attended by about six* hundred persons. There was some interruption at fiitt bi t tho meeting was generally orderly. The .mayor in the.chair,, The following resolutions were a"recd to with few dissents:—“ The meeting demands 2 tint the present Ministry ' shall have a fair trial and k solves to support it -againat all unjust opposition The second /resolution was as follows;—“That in the event of the present Ministry being defeated this meeting respectfully requests his Excellency to grant a dissolution of the Assembly.” Messrs Jef freys, J.’Qray, J. Z. Walsh, H. Nixon, Snoots, fl" M'Coll, and Jas. Mirams, were the speakers, (AUSTRALIAN ASSOSIArED PRESS lELEGEAJI3.). Sidney, 22nd Sepiembcr. Tho brig Drover, from Newcastle to New Zealand put in hero yesterday, having lost her topmast, topi gallant-masts, sails, and everything on deck on the 19th instant during a gale. A waterspout rose close alongside, and the vessel was caught in a heavy whirlwind, turning her round like a top. ■ Bush'fires wore burning in nearly every suburb yesterday. Heavy rain fell during the night, and tho weather is now cold and threatening. A girl named Helen Kennedy, aged 16, was burnt to death this- morning through an explosion of kerosene while lighting a fire. ' A fire broke out on board the steamer Edina but was got under without any material damage bein'' done. Arrived—Queen of the Fleet, from New York. BaTIIDHST KaoeS.— These races took place yesterday, The weather was fine and there was a good attendance. In the Trial Stakes Mendacious was first, Arbitrator second, and Budelight third, Only three started, Mendacious winning easily. Time, 2 min. 21 scc. Rous Handicap.—Miss Phccbe won easily from Bock wood, who. was second, only the two horses starting. Time, 2 iniu. 18 sec. . .. V . .., - , . . Adelaide, 22nd September.. The Assembly has adjourned over to-morrow on account of the Spring Races. A telegram.has been received from London, slating that Mr Horace Lamb, M.A., Fellow and Assistant tutor and Mathematical Lecturer at Trinity College, Cambridge, has been appointed Professor of Mathe matics at the Adelaide University; and Mr Tate, wbo was strongly recommended by Professor Huxley, has been appointed Professor of Natural. Philosophy. Tho newly-appointed professors may be expected to arrive here by April next year. Wheat is inactive, and there is nothing doing. 