OUR HOBART TOWN LETTER (From our own, Correspondent.) The reception of his Excellency, F. A Weld, Esq., has been the general topic .of conversation lately, the arrangements made by the Government on the occasion .being the especial theme of admiration. Whether the grandness of the procession is considered, the simple but elegant display ofj parti-colored flags (rather the worse for wear), or the chaste design of Boiled flags and gum leaves surmounting the porch of the Supreme Court—all are alike admired as much as they deserve, and that is a saying a good deal. The proceedings of the day have been already reported by you, so that repetition is unnecessary ; but when I say that the whole programme was a thorough absurdity, that no more incongruous display was ever seen on any similar occasion, and that the chances are our Governor formed conclusions not very flattering to our resources or good taste, I do not think I am stating far wrong; and it is only to be hoped he believed well of the display, and so took the will for the deed. The reception by the people, however, was something quite refreshing, and the heartiness and goodwill with which business was suspended, and a general turn-out of welcome made, notwithstanding the somewhat stormy state of the weather, must have been gratifying to his Excellency amidst the cha,os of confusion and horrid din of a bad band in ill-assorted garments, accompanied with rabble shouts. The citizens generally seemed determined to make up for the shortcomings of the Government arrangements, and so gave his Excellency a hearty welcome. He and his Private Secretary, however, were allowed to return to Government House solus, which fact, considering the attempted pomp of entry, was tojsay the least of it a fitting conclusion to a wretched programme, and a want of common courtesy on the part of the principal actors in the gay and festive scene. I had lately an opportunity of going over the hat factory of Mr Joseph Bidencope, now in course of fitting up at the. Hampden Road, and was much pleased with my visit. The premises are very spacious, and well adapted for the purpose intended. As to the machinery the amount necessary to make a hat would astonish the natives ; at all events it did me, and Mr Bidencope is. deserving of all praise for the energetic and business-like manner he has commenced'his arduous undertaking, .which.is well worthy of every success. When the factory is. fully competed (which will be in. about three months), it is not .too much to say it jail. bejsnperior to anything of the kind in the colonies; I will then take an opportunity of describing it in detail. We had lately a lecture given at the Town Hall by the hon. Mr Townsend, at which his Excellency the Governor presided—his first appearance, as actors would say. There was, of course, a very large audience composed of the elite of the city, who appeared much pleased. The lecture, a very amusing and at the same time instructive one,' giving an excellent idea of London life -was listened to with marked attention, and the way Mr Townsend portrayed London life and scenes was simply inimitable. His Excellency addressed the large assemblage, and the .impression he made was evidently very favourable. The weather until within the last day or two lias been particularly stormy, which resulted in a boat accident. It wss observedjhowever, from the ehore,and the occupants rescued without further injury than a severe ducking. The All-comers Champion Boat Race lias come to grief, no entries from the other colonies being probable. A meeting of the subscribers was convened by their committee |last evening to take into consideration the matter, of disposing of the funds (£135) collected. After considerable discussion, it was determined to put the moiiey into the bank until next year, exertions to be made in the meantime to supplement it so that a reallylarge prize could be-then offered, it being considered unfair to allow it to be pulled'for by local crews, who would not improbably divide the money. The Opera Company are busy inaugurating their new season, and seem determined to offer good programmes, -several new operas'being announced. Mr Hoskins is also to give two entertainments at the Theatre this week, when no doubt from; his well-known talent, "a good audience will. grace the performance, more especially as his Excellency is to patro'bise T that' given on Friday night. Mr lJwHriby, our latest addition as, a barrister, made his debut -to-day; He displayed talent of no mean order, and is likely to be-a great addition to the bar of Tasmania. January lk -- - ......... PBrigham Tonngta health is reported to be very.infirm, and .he is not J expected at Salt Lake:to live.much longer. Node-, cision has yet been given in idle alimony case of Ana THE WEATHER has been very hot during the week, and many persons have found it exceedingly oppressive. At 1 o'clock yesterday the thermometer read 100 in the shade at the Brisbane Hotel. Another reading at 4 30 outside a house m Patterson-street, was 94° in the shade, while in the house itself, where precautions had been taken to keep the windows dark, and the doora closed, it was only 74, or 20 degrees less. The whole of the day the atmosphere was very dense, and not the less so from the bush-fires which appeared to be prevalent near the suburbs, lie mist was greatly apparent down the river. Towards evening electric clouds were gathering, and about ten o'clock it rained, for a short time, with thunder and lightning, which was expected to increase during the night, the effect of which might be anticipated to cool the ain Wednesday's Mercury says :—" The thermometer did not register so high yesterday as on the 5th inst., though it was much more sultry, and the heat was very oppressive. Between 3 and 4 o'clock the thermometer registered 93° in the shade, and 123° in the sun, several degrees lower than the hottest day we have had this summer. At night, instead of . the usual cool breeze that generally springs up, there was scarcely a breath of air. In every direction there was every appearanceof bush fires, for the smoke was exceedingly dense, and the atmosphere altogether was more like that to be found in the Continental colonies than we remember to have seen it for some years in Tasmania," • LEGAL. —At the half-yearly examination under the Barristers and Attorneys' Admission Act, recently held at Hobart Town, Mr William Martin, articled to Messrs Ritchie and Parker, the only candidate, passed in general literature. MISCELLANEA.—The Committee of the Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Association will meet at Messrs Bell and Westbrook's office on Monday next.— The Deloraine Revision Court is fixed for Feb. 2.—The Appeal Sessions for the Longford assessment roll will take place on the 2nd Feb.—The cab fares for the Longford Municipal Council are advertised. SOUTHERN ITEMS.—A farewell Concert was given at the Town Hall,Hobart Town, on Monday evening to Miss Oldham, one of the leading amateurs, Mrs CottereH assisted in the vocalism, and Mr Landergan and Signor Zelman, of the Italian Opera Company divided the duties of accompanyist on the piano-forte.—At.the General Sessions "on Monday, Messrs. Macfarlane appealed against the assessment of the^BondedStpres.of whjph they are lessees. The mayor and alderinen had fixed the assessment at. £600, and the appellants contended that £350 was sufficient. Mr J. A. Jackson supported the appeal, and Mr Russell Young, Cily Solicitor appeared for the Corporation The Bench, by the casting vote of .the Chairman, (Mr R. L. Castray) reduced the assessment to £350.—A meeting of subscribers to the Open Champion Race at the Anniversary Regatta, took place on Monday evening, in consequence of a letter having been received from the Secretaries to the Regatta Committee that •entries being forthcoming for the race, the Committee were desirous of ascertaining the views of the subscribers on the subject. It was stated that the conditions of the race provided that the prize of £100 should only be given if more than taro boats entered, one of them front an adjacent colony. Mr F. J. Foot moved a resolution to request the Regatta Committee to withdraw, the race from this year's programme, to withhold £100 for a future intercolonial race, and devote £35, a balance on the fqnd to prizes for general amateurs' race. Mr J. A Jackson moved, and Mr Weaver seconded an amendment that the whole amount be held over till-next year, which was carried, and a further resolution was passed requesting the Treasurer to refund the £135 less expences. THE SYDNEY ILLUSTRATED NEWS" for the cuiTent month has a capital selection of views and sketches, as .well as much reading matter : of an interesting character. Amongst,the engravings are .portraits of. the New South. Wales , team of cricketers who, recently beat the Victorians, a spirited sketch , of .the late destructive.: fire at Windsor, N.S.W. ; views of the Hanging. Rock, Mount Macedon ; Sydney Government House and grounds ; Manly, Port Jackson, &c.; Accompanying the present number .is a. double page supplement, entitled "A Bush Post Office" .representing, two fair equestrians withdrawing letters from a hollow in a large tree. . VISIT OP VICTOBIAN MINISTERS TO TASMANIA.?—The Argus of Monday says: r-" The members of the Ministry, with the exception.of Mr,Service andMr Ramsay, accepted the invitation of .the Commissioner,, of Customs to join.him in a cruise in the. Victoria, and that, vessel left the: bay oearly yesterday morning, and passed Queenscliff at .9 o'clock. They will be .absent «bout a week, and will probably visit Tasmania." THE NEW GOVERNOR'S RECEPTION AT HOBABTTOWN.—The arrangementsfor.the • public entry of the new Governor into the capital seem to have been conceived in bad taste, and carried out in a very indifferent style. The Tribune Btates that the equipage in which his Excellency arrived •was drawn by four horses, under the ^guidance of the well-known colonial <•<• whip," Mr Sam Barrett, who was more aduiired on the occasion for his style of handling the ribbons than for his taste in dress, his costume being hardly in keeping with that of those to whom he was acting Jehu. On entering the triumphal arch erected at the city boundary a procession -was formed. The number of carriages which joined the procession was not so great as might have been anticipated, but it was afterwards discovered that a number had been ranged along the opposite side of Macquarie-street to where the principal ceremony was performed, a line of policy which, if universally adopted, is not likely to increase the reputation of Tasmania for that ultrarloyalty which her previous conduct has earned for her. Several accidents occurred to the carriages, and some had to fall out, considerably damaged. Patsey's donkey, too, who contrived to get the third place from the Governor, and who was arrayed in all the paraphernalia demanded by the occasion, turned rusty as he was passing under the triumphal arch, and reared up on his hind legs, under what kind of inspiration we are unable to say, but certainly in a manner to occasion the undue stoppage of all the carriages under his level. As our leaders are aware the new Governor was sworn in in front of the Supreme Court, which was the terminus of the procession ; and according to the Tribune the place was rigged out in the following fashion :—" A banner had been placed across the two ends of the flight of steps that lead up to the Court-house door, so that the balcony—if such a term may be given to the flat between the top of the steps and the Court-house door might be kept clear, and a strip of colored carpet, about a yard wide, was laid down from the kerb-stone to the nearer of the two doors in the verandah of the Court-house buildings. Carpets, consisting of pieces of different size, age, and pattern, were laid down in the vestibule of the Courthouse, and the Queen's coat of arms prepared for the reception of the Duke of Edinburgh was placed against the right hand •wall of the vestibule." A canopy of dirty Hags, &c.;, had also been erected. A correspondent of one Southern journal describes it as a " Jack in the Green" affair, constructed of old tarpaulin and rough timber, and rude in design. A writer in another local print ^describes the whole affair as resembling a Punch and Judy ebon- of dirty bunting and gum boughs, •which would disgrace the front of one of the lowest "Richardson's shows" at a third rate town fair in England. It seems to us that the whole tiling was mismanaged. TAMAR HEMATITE IRON COMPANY.— The manager of this Company seems to have fairly solved the problem of how to smelt the rich ores that occur in vast quantities on the west bank of the Tamar in the vicinity of Ilfracombe. Many difficulties were encountered, but energy, ingenuity, and perseverance have triumphed,and Mr Swiftelias now the satisfaction of knowing that he can reduce . the ore at pleasure. We have mentioned how at different times specimens varying from two or three hundred-weight to as jnany tons have been sent to Launceston and Melbourne; we have now to announce the safe arrival yesterday morning of the Flora Macdonaldwith the first entire load, ten tons, from these works. At the time she left the furnaces were going on well, and there was anothtr load ready on her return. PRESENTATION.—Mr George A. Lilly being about to leave Launceston for Port Fairy, a handsome gold chain was presented to him on Monday evening by the officers and men of the Gas Company with which institution he has been connected for several years. The presentation was made by Mr R. Smith, foreman of the works, at the Salmon and Ball Hotel. Mr Lilly has won the esteem and goodwill of all by his courteous demeanor and attention to duty, and the kindest wishes for his future welfare were expressed by all of his late fellow-employes, and which we are satisfied will be concurred in by all who have enjoyed his acquaintance. Mr Lilly left by the steamer on Tuesday. DEATH OF DE WILMOT.—We find the following in the Colonies of November 13: —"The death, at the age of 70, of Dr William B. Wilmot, an early and respected colonist, took place on the 8th. Dr Wilmot was for some time coroner of Melbourne." MASON AND HAMLIN ORGANS.—We have received from Mr G. Hubbard the illustrated catalogue issued by the Co., showing the different styles in which these popular instruments are made, with the corresponding prices. Also a " Testimony Circular,", being a collection of : highly laudatory opinions from musicians nd others in aU parts of the world. HEAVY FINE FOB,SMUGGLING TOBACOO. —Captain Muggeridge, a Portsmouth man, whose vessel was captured in the Arun, some time ago, with a large quantity of tobacco onboard, has been brought before the Arundel magistrate. He was taken into custody at Gravesend, the duty and value of the tobacco being fixed at £1999, and Muggeridge pleading guilty, lie was fined treble that amount, £6997. He was committed to gaol in default (says the Sussex Daily A T cw>s).until the fine should be paid.—Field. MUNICIPAL.—Mr Richard Shoobridge was last month elected a councillor for Glenorchy in his absence at Sydney. The proper form of declaration was sent to him, and it was subscribed in the presence of a commission at New South Wales. The validity of the declaration was referred to the Attorney-General who gave his opinion that taking a declaration out of the colony is not a compliance with' the Rural Municipalities Act, and there will have to be a new election. A FIBE.—A fire occurred at Mr Bartley's, Kinburn, on 34th inst., which resulted in the destruction of an acre of wheat. It was caused through smoking. Fortunately the wind was blowing in the opposite direction to the flames, and this with the active exertions of a number of men who were on the spot succeeded in extinguishing the flames before any further damage could be done. PARLIAMENTARY LIBKAEY.—The Governor has appointed Mr James G. Lindley, a native of Tasmania, to be the Assistant Librarian to the Parliament, from iBt inst. DECIPHERING BURNT DOCUMENTS,—M. Rathelot, an officer of the Paris law courts has succeeded in an ingenious manner in transcribing a number of the registers which were burnt during the Commune. The registers had remained so long in the fire that each of them seemed to have become a homogeneous block, more like a slab of charcoal than any thing else, and when an attempt was made to detach a leaf it fell away into powder. Many scientific men had examined these unpromising black blocks, when M. Rathelot hit upon the following method of operation :—In the first place he cut off the back of the book so as to leave nothing but the mass of leaves which the fire had caused to adhere to each other. He then steeped the book in water, and afterwards exposed it, all wet as it was, to the heat at the mouth of a calorifere ; the water as it evaporated raised the leaves one by one, and they could be separated, but with extraordinary precautions. Each sheet was tlien deciphered and transcribed, and the copy certified by a legal officer. In this way the records of nearly 70,000 official acts have been saved. The appearance of the pages was very curious—the writing appeared of a dull black, while the paper was of a lustrous black, something like velvet decorations on a black satin ground, so that the entries were not difficult to read. SWANPOET DISTRICT.—There have been extensive bush fires in the Swanport district within the past week. One settler had four miles of fencing on his runs totally destroyed ; and two industrious men, named Maxley and Little, living on the east side of the Apsley river, were burnt out of house and home, nothing having been saved of their property except a pair of blankets and a horse. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH.—The adjourned annual meeting of the congregation of this church was held in the schoolroom on eveningof 15tli, the incumbent, Rev M. B. Brownrigg, in the chair. Mr F. Lakin was elected a churchwarden, and Messrs W. H. Dodery and I. Morris auditors for the year. A NUISANCE.—Within the last ten days or so several tons of rotten potatoes have been carted out into the paddock adjoining the Market, where the process of decay proceeds with all the vigor that a hot sun and occasional showers can impart. The effluvium is abominable, and as fowls and geese are always most industriously rooting about amongst] the potatoes it is wafted by the wind to a distance of many hundred yards. We should like to know who was thoughless enough to cause these potatoes to be placed there, and how it comes to pass that the Inspector of Nuisances is oblivious to the fact. INQUEST.—An inquest -was held on Monday at the O'Connell Inn before Thos. Mason, Esq., coroner, and a jury of seven (Mr Henry Vallentine being foreman) on the body of a child named Alexander James Austin, aged 10 weeks, who died suddenly in the house of one Hannah Browne yesterday morning. After hearing the evidence of Emma Austin (the mother) Hannah Browne, and Dr. Miller,, whose evidence went to show that death resulted from want of proper nutrition, the jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes. OVERLAND MAIL.—The P. and O. Steam Navigation Company's ship Pcra is advertised to leave Melbourne for Point de Galle on the 28th inst. Dalgety Moore and Co., St. John-street, are the agents for Launceston. -A TUMBLE.—On afternoon of 14thinst. as ' a car was turning St. Johnstreet into Patterson - street en route for the Railway Station, the horse trod upon a looBe stone and tripped. The horse in righting itself threw the driver who was not much hurt. The horse then proceeded quietly home. TIN.—About twelve tons of tin, smelted at the works of the Mount Bischoff Company, in this town, were shipped on board the Araunah, Monday, for London. The value of this tin is over £1000. The parcel will be a respectable quantity to introduce Tasmanian tin to the home market. LAND LAW AND LABOB NEWS AND EXCHANGE MABT.—We have received No. 2 of this small gratis newspaper published in Melbourne. It is chiefly devoted to advertising the Land Law and Labor Institute in Lonsdal-street, but a number of other business advertisements are admitted. There is an article attacking the proposal to establish a Government Labor Bureau, and reports on the state of the labor market. Under the head of "Legal" abstracts of cases and advice are given for which it would seem some fee, the amount of which is not stated, has to be paid, but which is to be returned in every instance where the advice is decided to be wrong in any court of competent jurisdiction. Under the heading " Exchange and Mart" are short announcements from individuals who wish to do a little barter. Thus one " R.M." who has a preference for light reading, expresses his willingness to exchange Gibbons's Decline and Fall, 6 vols., for Dickens's complete works. "J.L." is willing to part with a sewing machine for two orthreehivesofbees. "Pressman" will exchange some gold and cornelian sleeve links for a suit of light tweed, or for a light silk dress piece.. "Medical" is also willing to exchange some shirt pins, &c.;, for a light silk dress piece, which, perhaps, the poor fellow wishes to present to his inamorata. " Student" evidently wishes to start on his travels ; he wants to exchange some rare illustrated medical works for a buggy and harness ; but if these are not forthcoming, he will be content with a good tweed suit, and do his rounds, we suppose, on shanks's pony. The paper is well printed. EXHIBITION or WORKS OF ART.—We learn from the Melbourne papers that at a meeting of Council of the Victorian Academy of Arts held on the 13th inst., " a letter was read by the secretary from Mr Birchall, of Launceston, Tasmania, announcing an exhibition of works of art to be held in that city in February next, and inviting Victorian artists to send pictures ; the expense of transit either way to be borne by the Exhibition Committee of Launceston. The secretary was instructed to write to Mr Birchall for further information." MEASLES IN VICTORIA.—The Age of the 15th says :—" Melbourne and its neighborhood are now suffering from a severe epidemic of measles. The mortality has gradually increased until it has risen to about double the ordinary rate. A malady which is generally amenable to treatment, and only requires careful nursing, lias developed such peculiar and abnormal features that measles lias come to be only less dreaded than scarlet fever or diphtheria. The number of cases has up to the present shown no signs of diminution ; the disease has broken out in localities far distant from the capital, has extended to all the places frequented by its inhabitants, and there seems to be every reason to suppose that it will only die out when nearly all the children and a fair proportion of adults have been attacked." The writer goes on to say that there are those, however, who consider the present epidemic a most fortunate occurrence, as it may lead to Bome improvement in the drainage, &c.;, of the city ; and he predicts that unless prompt and. energetic measures are taken, Melbourne may, before many weeks are over, be visited with an epidemic of scarlet or typhoid fever, which will decimate the population. A SUDDEN HOIST.—A rather peculiar explosion took place the other afternoon on the premises of a wine and spirit merchant near Scott's Hotel, Collins-street west, Melbourne, which might have been attended with more serious consequences, but fortunately resulted in nothing worse than a storeman being frightened. A quarter-cask that had contained brandy was in process of being sweetened by the usual practice, namely, the insertion through the bunghole of lighted brown paper well chained with sulphur, and the bung being driven well home. This being accomplished, the storeman perched himself upon the head of the cask to wait the usual time required for sweetening, but the process was quicker, and the gas' inside the cask more energetic, than he had reckoned,, for the cask was burst up and the storeman cut a caper in the air, his hat was rent in ribbons, and the head of the cask into chipB. The report, which was very loud, alarmed the immediate neighbors, who rushed out in affright to discover the cause of such an unusual Bound.—Age. THE CBOPS.—We regret to learn that in many localities the late high winds have damaged the : good prospects of the crops. The grain has been shaken out before ripe to such an extent as to lessen the anticipated yield by several bushels to the acre. AN ABSCONDER. — James Kilpatrick, who was arrested,at Ross last weet for absconding from the House of Correction, at Hobart Town, on 30th October, last, made his escape from Ross on Sunday, 17th inst. The AUSTRALIAN SKETCHES is as uBual full of well-executed engravingB and interesting reading matter. Amongst the former are representations of the new steamer St. Qsyih, which recently accomplished the outward voyage to Hobson's Bay in the short space of 47£ days ; of Quail Shooting in Victoria; of the Falls at North Shore, Port Jackson ; the Brisbane Regatta-, a Moonlight Concert in the Botanic Gardens ; a Sunday Excursion down . the Bay ; Wilton Bluff, South Australia, &c.; There is also a portrait of Mr Wm. W. Cairns, C.M.G., the new Governor of Queensland, and a small sketch of the New Grand Stand on the Hobart Town Race-course STEALING MONEY FROM A GAOL.—At the Hobart Town Police Court on 14th inst, Charles John Garforth, under-gaoler and clerk at the gaol for females at the Cascades, was found guilty of embezzling £10, moneys belonging to the Queen, which it was his duty to pay into the Treasury. Sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labor. Prisoner admitted having received a sentence of four years' penal servitude, in 1805, for a similar offence. REVISION COURTS for North Esk and Selby will be held at the Recorder's Chambers on 29th instant. The Revision Court for Oatlands sits on the 25th instant. MISCELLANEA. —An entertainment in connection with the LO.G.T. is to come off at Longford next Monday in aid of the Organ Fund.—Revision Courts are advertised as follow:—Fingal, Feb, 1; New Norfolk, Jan. 29 ; North Esk and Selby, at Recorder's Chambers, Launceston, Jan. 29.—The promoters of the bridge at Latrobe invite fresh tenders for the construction of the bridge, to be sent in _by noon on Feb. 1.—The autumn exhibition of the Western Agricultural Association will take place at Westbury on Easter Monday.—The dividends payable to proprietors of the Union Bank of Australia, are payable on application —The Director of Public Works invites tenders for repair of telegraph station, Low Head; for works on roads to Castra; and for erecting poles and constructing telegraph from Willis's Corners to St. Mary's. CUMBERLAND ELECTION.—The Mercury announces positively that Mr Nicholas J. Brown has consented to stand for the representation of Cumberland in the House of Assembly, vice] Mr John Swan, and that his address will appear at an early date. 