1 " '"r "" THE RAIN. How gratefully it o imo down last night: Wo wanted tho thunderstorm to burst over us, but Nature kcew better, and sent the gentle rain, whioh "tho olouda distil upon man abundantly," and there was no (lashing and roaring tempest with its dash of water. A stoady genial downfall put out the bush- fire, revived the thirety land, siakod the dust, made the flowers to bloom again, filled the reservoir, gavo spring and pressure to the o main, and sent tho reviving stream through 1 every tiunk and artery, . into evory vein. Tho inhabitants of tho land eDjoyed a sound and good right out sleep all round. The townsman, opening his window early in the mbining, sniffs the freshuess with powerful dolight, and tho silver rain on the houso- roofs is to him purely bnnutiful. The country- 1 man enjoys a delight— akin as he y watohos it dripping from tho tr«es. Pater- | familias tubs himself, and is thankful the I voios of the children is no longer hoard with the ntrnnge ory to bo washed. Our dumb friends and poor relations. share in tho relief. Tbo horses can lay aside their oaps, tho faith fill does, who resist cvorv temDtation to no mad, pant no longer. 2 he hens' craws aro wetted again. How the poor ducks must have suffered 1 The very froha lesp for joy, and resume their hearty "clunk, clank," and the orickots in tho datnp grass are once more attuned in full throated hum. Is it true that goats never wont to drink ? If so, who would not bo a goat! At any rate, tho other ani mals would envy them. Watch the poor horse in the dog dayB. Instead of kissing the water, he pinnges his nose and face into | the wtlcome buoket. I am half ieolined to Q think that some of the raportod equine deaths fl from sunstroke havo resulted from incautious | liquoring up, whilo the poor brutes' fisnks wore streaked ovor with tho plastered white hoot. Many oitizsns of Melbourne suburbs woro last night able to appreciate tho feelings of travellers on the sands of the parched Sa hara, when they onoounter an oasis with oool fresh water; A taste of the horrors of want even visited many people with plenty of money I May it open their hearts. Lot us not grumble at a wet day again. Welcome, mud ! Let ns reflect, too, on the bountiful in finity of Nature, our groat mother. With a mere drop from her bucket, she rights the drcu >ht and failure of our gigautio Bcheme. The losson is to be more prompt in measures of foresight. Another lesson, Dot so palpable, but not tho less true, is tho fragility of all our artificial divisions in sooiety. Travellers write that tho earthquake causes animals whioh proy upon each other to mix together I in common tori or. Thus dors a shipwreek, or any general affliction, level humanity. Poople who had stored water for themselves in tanks found tbe ohristianliko impulao irresistible to share it with others. But we read that churlish squatters have refused to do likewise in admitting the thirsty aattle of solectora to their dams. What kind of war fare, nay of manliness is this ? Even on a battlefield the wounded enemy is succored. 