Tee prevailing period of quiet, in the absence of politics, is now and then painfully interrupted by the occurrence of a shipwreck attended with severe loss of life,-or a suicide committed under circumstances of no ordinary character. To whatever remote causes these startling incidents o£ social life are due it has been noted by careful observers that they take place at certain fixed times, audso regularly has the phenomena made their appearance that they are looked forward to in some parte of the world as a matter oE course. The "suicide season." has, indeed, almost found a recognised place in the calendar; but it bias fair to be outdone by fatal disasters at sea. These seem tp be occurring simultaneously at both ends of the •world, and frequently the facts connected with them are of the most appalling description. It is not the least curious that when n shipwreck occurs it is almost immediately followed by another even more startling in its details and severe in its consequences. Persons of a physchological turn are occasionally found setting up fanciful theories to fnrnish the why and the wherefore, but the general public are little if any the wiser for their ratiocinations, which for the most part are slippe-.-y and vague, and " fearfully and wonder&jjly; made." It is, however, nevertheless true that these lingular occurrences hap pen at intervals so .regular as to attract spe cial notice, and to lead enquiring minds to furnish theories more or less delusive and untenable. Ship^wrecks have been painfully frequent both at home and abroad, and acts of barbarouB cruelty and indecency toward s defenceless women and children-in " Chri siaan England'.' have set men thinking —sadly and sorrowfully—on the utter degeneracy of the times. "What can bfe the cause , of all this •? ' We pause fcr a reply- But it would seem, indeed, as if certain cla £aes of men were lapsing .into a condition o .£ barbarity even more fierce and revolting than that of the savage races,.. ' "We look in vain to increased seręrily in the criminal code as an effectual deterrent to this kind of horrible crime. Thesubject, however, arrests attention, : and we fear that unless a marked chauge comes over. the^.fiocial mind before long, and potent humanizing agents are set to work, the peculiarity -we allude to will have tp beihoroughlyreviewedand dealt,with by the master spirits of the age. As it nów stands, it is a sad blot on our boasted civilization, and one which almost compels us to disclaim kindred wiłŁ cur iEello w men. There is no doubt much dne to łŁe vice oif driiiitóaneeE," wMcŁ€ver"w^'ańd will ever be the prolific patent iof vice, ruffianism, arid barharity- 3t is hoped, that a more liberal and diffusive •system of education will get rid of the eviL TPe hope it may, for it is veiy evident that if we are to live with decorum iand dece'acy, and to be affectionate soną, husbands, and fathers, that wę must practice frith a littie more sincerity the doctóue-- that jbestofcoinmandmente which enjoinsus iwk tpłjatepiiit: to lóve ; óńe ,aaptą?r" ąfiection, unsullied by unworthy jnotiyet or promptings arieing fromfeat ^wyie^M^igMtyio ieaą only ihópe, VS^jfe ^l^pimg'^' j •fullview, thattiieday M|ioi'£M«istMt^hen an jagj^'JM^'Sa-^&'iAi^^^^^v: daily lives, in the conduct aui fcharacter of 'men bi.. Jaices M'Leaj; lias been once more returned to Parliament, this time in the interests o£ Gippsland. HLs retirement froni publifc life was hailed wiili satisfaction, whicŁ was pretty generally shared in at the time, and there does Dot appear to be very'timcV joy manifested now over his return. . probably, however, Mr M'Keau has by this time seeii the f olly of parfcicipaticg iii thosc joi sy and furious scenes, which upon investigation turned- out to be- eignificant-t)f nothias^saxe a love for aoisy notoriety and/a' xiesiie t-o retard the business o£ the country fer the gratification of some peculiar whim. Ht was once a land reformer, and for a tine he shone brightly in that character; but hi", love of verbal pugnacity got the better of Ihim, and ultimately led to hiB discomfiture K' Mr. M'Eean would earn the goodwill d his own electorate, and the respect of thetommunily, he will comport himself in- the Hou.ee with a little more decorum, for lfter all he is by no means a useless manias a representative. We shall, however, buce more see for ourselves how the newly-elieted member -śrill sustain his pet character of legislator. The resolve of the ILynetonshire Council to xet apart a sum of money for the purpise of providing itself with a set of offices fcr the transaction of the . ratepayers' busines has been pretty generally discussed Bin e the special meeting of Saturday last.' The general opinion, so far as we -can jui ge, is not that the Council are not deserring a some proper place of its own, but surprised pat it should have so long been content to Jiift as a lodger, with a revenue quite ample o meet all legitimate requirements. But lose is second nature, and the fact probahlj is that the difficulty until grappled with, appeared insurmountable, fiepeated postiicnements of the consideration of the queston have only served to aggravate the apparent inability. to erect suitable offices; butjnowjthat the first step has been accomplished, 1 and there is some tangible prospect d the . consummation of this long-conciHval prfjectj the wonder is that the question djould have been , so long delayed- One thiag is certain, that the Council cannot renain ii the leading strings of another institution much longer, and if an. alteration be not soon made, it will be discovered tint, tc say nothing of the inconvenience, as nuch noncv will have been paid merely for reit as vaiild have goue a considerable way tovards supplying the desideratum. The action ,oF the Council, therefore, is not premature, ait the urgency of the want is not denied, tut it will be well to prevent further dela r , and proceed with the structure as soon 8 possible. The time will- no doubt booi come when a creditable building in a centrt position will be included amongst our bes^ublic buildings ; but the members of the Council in the meantime must persevere in thiaction already initiated. The approachoLthe.bije£hplidaxseaąl.Thjch viii commence on Good Friday andt^i with. Easter Monday, has already forme^a pleasant theine for conversational gossip anlprivate chat. umbers of people will avail tanselves of the cheap excursion, fares, which ae advertised in another column, and pay a visjto Melbourne and the sea-side, while otiie; having friends at a distance will avail tliemselis of the opportunity" to pay them a social vit." The Woodend Sports demonstration,, the Łdesdale races, and the Volunteer Rewiew at Callemame respectively possess atteactions wliich ai sure to secure the attendance of many Kynion folk, who will be'glad to enjoy a day's outig, and ą tempoiary respite from, their ordinarjbiisiness avocations. Moderate enjoyment and icreation are at times necessaiy to the' permanes welfare of thebody as well as the head, and ths kind of amusement which "doeth good like nidicine," and "ruaketh the heart glad" is the riht thing when participated in and enjoyed at til proper season. The customary relgioug service will be held as usual on Good Friday; j The Eyneton Choral Society purposeiving a concert on an early date—in, we belS'e, their own behalf. The members are.$edolasly preparing and rehearsing for the entertimment, which will comprise vocal .'md instrumenU music and bring out some latent local talent fir public appreciation and support j .. There were some two hundred pbple assembled at Newhani Presbyterian Clurch on Tuesday night to celebrate the ammjreary of that institution. When, the social mealras over, the church • was cleared and the chairtaken by the Hev. AV. Munro, minister' of the diu'cli. A programme of choice {readings, Ac., jras then very pleasantly got'through- Tket&airman; gave a brief introductory address ; MiT. Storie p read the Cotter's Saturday night, an unerican poem, and the Newsboy's Debt: thsfjev. A. Hardie gave an address on the Sustention Fund ot the Presbyterian Church m "Victoria jaad sang itwo of llr Sankey's hyńins; Mr MiŁ Armstrong read " The.Deacou'a Sermon,'' ad " Mrs p Thomson's White Wareand somerood congregational singing was given, led if Messrs Brown, Ganiiinghani, Adams," <te. yotes of thanks proposed by Messrs Stammer^ Purvis, Gibbs, and Charles Bitchie to the varies parties concerned in "the .entertainment wera cordially passed, and the meeting broke :up witLjtUe bene, (diction at 11 o'clock! I , -j&Ir; jarlów peiforaięd.at Woę tó a'laige „ au£eńce, . who afforded ... • gentleman a very hearty reception.' . i ! ;'. The usual entertaułment on Easier Monday at the jffanging Koćk proniiieirto ire very sucicessfnl this yeer, Sir Adams having'pipvided an CECfeUśnt programmo - tor ihe amusłnient ^' of ; Mr H. de Sauty has been appointe) resident agent " in the Kynetoń district Isr the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Company, aid is prepared to accept proposals and afford e^ery information to intending insurers. / ..<,1 "Melbourne Punch" forthowecVis a good and an amusing number. The readi^g matter is racy and entertaining,' iand deals jjumorously enough with the Icirfeumstaiiees of a tecent trial concerning the propnetajyofa Melboanne weekly paper. About the óippsland electijn and Mr M'Kean there is the following:—Loye me little, love me long, was vdiat the (JiiusLauders remarked, -ahd the 4ong"anałhe shótf of ft, Mr SPKean was the one that they did long for!" We beg y xuc xet^ye^Bujpportvt^^ubUo-,: Ttiesale . place on Tuesday, Af»ril 6th,«t óne ddoek. t quire lnto the Toliintearfon®..,; • ' •:•'-•. W.,. Tke Gothenbftrg fund in ilelbourne bas reached .the sniUiof^l^JJIS.lTs AMiin^st <»tlier ifpei^oltts ^hoae 'estates the • Curator has obtained leafr-ę ifó administer ;is that pf JohiBiion, Spniigfield.Kynetion^ the amount behigiSEtóCa., V- ; -" Four ftore of survivors of Ac Gothenburg, have arrived in Victoria. Their names are JAs. ' Campbell, Thomas Cockrum, John Kruger, and David.Wylie. . . . • -- -- -' Mrj "Jauieś Ktjrr who has beconifetlie landlord of tlie Kent Hotel Lauriston, announces his intentjonto-give afree+iallsnd supperteldstffehds' and patrons in thatlocality." • It is notified in the " Gazette" that after the expiration of one month from March 19, it is intended to grant the following lease:—Malmsbur}' Reservoir Reserve,' io F. W. Bristow, for the Glengonner Gold Mining Company. It is reported (says the " Age") that the barque Colina, bound from London to Sydney, was totally wrecked on the south end of King's Island on 4th March. The crew got safely ashore. The nqvs is brought by one William Martin, who alleges that he was steward, got separated from his companions, and was brought on to Circular Head by thebrigantine Elizabeth. His story, however, is doubted. There is some talk of arranging a novelty in cricket matches in aid of tho sufferers by the Gothenburg disaster. The proposition is to play a match in which the captains of all the vesseis in port will take part, and devote the takings at the ground to the fund already instituted. . Our (''Telegraph") Geelong correspondent, writing on Tuesday, says:-—" This afternoon the body, of a man was found floating inCorioBay and was taken to the Lord Kelson hotel for identification aad an inquest. The' deceased is unknown at present, but is. described as about forty-fire years óf age, inclining grey. He had on a blue frock-coat, white moleskin trousers and blucher boots, and appears to have been some days in the water. The Volunteer review to be held at Castlemaine on Easter Monday' is likely to be very numerously attended, and io be the largest which has taken place for the last six years. The " SL A. Mail" estimates that about 1200 men, composed of two battalions of red rifles, St Kilda and Melbourne rifles the whole force of the ^Northern district, from Maryborough, Maldon, Ivyneton ;xnd Sandhurst will join the Casileł - mainę troops at the butts, the place of assemblage The programme is. not yet determined upon but it will probably consist of a few preliminary mqvements, then there will be a force told off to invade Castlemaine, which will''be-met by a defending force. • The skirmishing and bushfiring will be over rough ground, which will be advantageous practice to the the metropolitan troops, whose manoeuvres consist of cloBe movements on even ground. It is intendsd to assemble the troops at 10 o'clock, and to let them return atIT in the evening. As there should be a great many visitors pouring in from different quarters, it wiil be a great public convenience if special trains are laid on for their accommodation. The Kyneton division are making due preparation to participate in the mo vemeut. The Sandhurst correspondent of the " Argus" writing last night, says:—Sometime between Saturday night and Sunday morning, a quantity of golden specimens were stolen from the mine of the York and Durham Company, at Eaglehawk. It appears that, on knocking off work on Saturday night, the manager secreted the specimens in the stopes, and when he went down to the mine on Monday morning, he found they had been stolen. He estimated that the specimens would contain about 4Woz. of gold. The thief must have have been well acquainted with the workings, and must also have known of the existence of the specimens. The case is in the hands of the Eagle hawk police. A sad and fatal accident happened on Monday at St Kilda . A boy named William Irwell Bennett, aged six years, the son of a wood and coal, merchant, at the midday interval left school and went to the beach with mś elder brother, and ran along the jetty to see a fish which had been caught at the end. His brother following him saw him struggling in the water near the jetty. Though there were several people on the pier, the child sank before assistance could be given, and was drowned.. A constable subsequently recovered the body, with the drags. At an inquest held on Tuesday the jury found that the deceased was drowned, but that there was no evidence to show how he got into the water. Judging from the records of the City watchhouse charge-sheet, lunacy (says the " Ballarat Star") seems to be frightfully on the increase. From 1st January, 1874, to 22nd March, in the same year there were 10 lunatics received at the City watehhouse; while for the corresponding period this year no fewer than 19 have been received, being nearly double the number of those received in the like term last year. " The danger of placing combustible materials within the reach of juveniles," the " Daylesford Mercury" writes, " was very nearly receiving a serious if not a fatal exemplification on Tuesday. Between two and three o'clock in the afternoonj some boys living in the vicinity of the łf ew Fear Not claim, while amusing themselves in an old blacksmith's shop, obtained possession of some blasting powder, and putting it in a canister, placed the tin on the fire. The eftect may easily be imagined. The contents exploded, blowing the canister in all directions, and setting fire to the clothes of one of the lads in several places. Fortunately some men who heard the noise ran to the assistance of the* -boys, and succeeded, in preventing any worse result than that stated. The wonder is .that the lads escaped serious injury, as we are'informed that they had at least a ound of powder in the canister." In the last number of the " Printers Register" three is made an-announcement at once startling and gratifying to newspaper proprietors. It is ut in these words :—"The combination of the Type Founding Company's patent type-casting and finishing machine, with the type- composing machine, whereby the fused metal is within two minutes converted into perfect tpye, and whilst yet -warn conveyed 'through the' two machines into the stick of the compositor, indicates' the dawn of a new era in daily newspaper printing, it being an ascertained fact that the manufacture, •of new type daily for the compositor is attended with less cost than the distribution and resetting, into lines for the machine. We ; therefore, confidently look id the timeT--not.t^ aaiy means distant—when one at least .fit. our leading . daily journals will evety moriiińgippear with entirely new founts, the Patent Type Founding Company having already .delivered the first instalment of the machinery, and being bnsily engaged in cutting hew panches of minion and bouigeous to the order of the enterprising firm which inaugerate this most startling of tĘade innovations." The . following, is from the "Herald:"—Tha district coroner held an inquiiy at Boorondaia, on Monday evening on the body, of ia inąn naiiied Henry Anderson, who shot himself on Friday night last From the evidence it appeared that on Friday night about ,-tńne o'clock': the ^fłfe ajid istepdaughter of the deceased called at the local police office, and etatedłhaUhe lia4 J attempted to commit a rape, on the girl, whose name is Maiy Sophia KleińfelŁ The girl stated • she escaped ft^ii him, and then went to her mother, who h*res at South' Yarra. "The wife returned toaSSeeased's hotóseand upbtaiaedhim, and then both the gitlxaid^- ^evl^t, -saying, they wouli inform the póliobr A constable, on receiving ^g^jmpSnftiretó; SiHitlSe infprmąnfajathe deceased'shouse^whichiheyiouiid. locked Entrance to the premises was procured by means »r'|he back -and- Ji^htfbeing ami, the butt '^e "weapbn resting upon he floor, aud the fumade of the:pięęe being close to the side of his head. The right boot was off, add apiece>pf ,twine was pasąedroundthehig toe ofihe,fo0L,,£hfl end jof ttełtringabeJititaEflatened fc? thijiteiggeii aDefieased «8s tętywM] " The Meib&łirne CiickA Club have decided to send to England for ^ professional bowler at a salS^Nif £160 ayep:- / A! woman named Davis, a midwife,"has, states a recent telegraSn. from 'Sydney, been committed : for manslaughter for killing a settler's wife by vioIenceduring-cdnliiieDient, ' The Malmsbuiy correspondent of the "Dajdesford Mercury" writes:—" Our farmers seem on he whóle-tÓTse^atisSed with the yields of ."gphł this year, although they could dd. .with. better prices, for wheat at all events."' I ati'liappy to say'"that --many of them are able to hold'on," which prevents a glut, and will liave the effect of strengthening tlis market. I remember the time —when "Tanuers grew nothing but grain and potatoes— : tSiaćt' a-rush -to sell invariably took place immediately after harvest, which had the effect of sending prices down to a ridiculously low price. ISow, however, thanks to the help obtained from other sources, such as the dairy and a few fat cattle and sheep, sundry bales of wool, &c.;, the farmer can quietly wait till prices are more remunerative before selling his grain. If all would adopt the same system, we should hear m more about farming being tiuremunerative. Stock is improving in value in this district, although I have heard of some very low prices in the neighbouring districts lately- At a sale at Mr John Glen's, at Tylden, on Friday, working bullocks realised up to £23 10s per pair, and other stock in proportion. I. expect excellent prices to rule at our nest monthly fair, as buyers come from all directions to it, and stock is being required for the newly-settled districts. Mining is still dull, although several new ventures arc starting which it is hoped will improve matters by and bye. The Energetic Lauriston, is reorganising, and wEl start shortly. I hear that the General Wyndham will also shortfy make another start, in consequence of a discovery made in the adjoining paddock. The Lord Maliasbury, is still troubled with water and sand which retards the work very much. The Ironstone Hill have had a difference with their men in consequence of an attempt to reduce the wngeB to £2 per week. The miners have accepted £2 2s in the meantime. The Central Company has resumed work again. 