LATEST INTELLIGENOE. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) STOCKYARD CREEK. Monday evening. Two splendid cakes of gold were re torted from the crushing in No. 1 South claim on Saturday. The quantity of quartz crushed was 140 tons, which yielded 1,395 ozs. amalgam, and gave retorted gold 701 ozs. At the end of July last these claimholders obtained 551 ozs. 5 dwts. from 80 tons of stone. It is a great pity there is not more capital available for working the quartz in this district. (ASSOCIATEOD PR1'S TrLEGRAMS.) MELBOURNE. Monday evening. The Ministerial arrangements are still incomplete. Dr. Madden has accepted the Solicitor-Generalship, and King threa tens to oppose him in West Bourke. The Mines, Customs, and Railways are yet un filled, but rumour points to Burrowes, Jones, and Anderson in the Upper House, to fill these vacancies, but it will probably he Wednesday before the list is finally completed. Mir Murray Smith has posi tively declined to join the Ministry. The Hospital Sunday collections up to last night amounted to £3185, of which the Church of England had collected £773, Presbyterian £643, and Roman Ca tholic £451. These are the three largest amounts, but when the whole collections for the city and suburbs come to be made up the total is expected to reach about £5000. The largest collection was made at the Scots Church in Collins-street, £143. Services were held in the Town Hall and theatres. In the afternoon heavy rain fell which was totally against a large attendance. H.M.S. Pearl left on Saturday for Sydney. r SMr Richard Morton's herd of short horns have been sold in one lot to Messrs Robertson Bros., of Colac, for £27,000. A fire aboard the smiall lime craft Ro setta burned a portion of the hold, be sides doing other damage. The Swan Hill coach was robbed on Saturday night between Sandhurst and Campbell's forest, and a number of letters stolen. The Rev. G. Wilkinson, Incumbent of Williamstown, died yesterday. Sales of £12,500 worth 1Iobson's Bay Railway five per cent. debentures have been made at 98. Wheat sold to-day at 6s to 6s Id. SYDNEY. Mr Henry Lee, a ivell-known squatter, of Bathurst, was burnt to death yesterday. A large fire has occurred at (Cooktown. The damage is estimated at £8000. During a storm at Brisbane yesterday, a house was struck by lightning, which damaged the contents. The inmates were fortunately absent. The weather on Sunday was very hot, and bushfires are raging all around. A cable is to be laid between Queens. land and New Caledonia, and one is also contemplated between New Caledonia and Fiji. ADELAIDE. A meeting has been held at Tea Tree Gully to discuss the Government policy; it decided against inlcreased taxation. The Cable Company intend to charge as two words all words over ten letters from the beginning of next year. 