PASTORAL NOTES Tbe Wtlcannta limes of the zoth ult. reports i be weather good. 8 took pasted as follows: — 4 000 wethers from Messrs. H. and N. Wile on' , (Par oo) for Melbourne; S23 fat bullookt (Tyson's) from Tinioboro, Mr. Donnelly in charge, for Melbourne, Our Walgett corres- pondent reports s— 1 The country begin to present i a parched up appeaanoe on all our frontages, although there is sufficient grass to lsst us for a considerable time in tbe back country. Our squattages are beiDg inspected daily by the Riverioe speculators, but up to the. present no ! definite sale ; whether tbe cause tnay originate from what is considered high prices or fear of drought I cannot say. Ti>o river is now in a state calculated to impm unfavourable ideas of uavigation : it is both low and stationary. Weather fine, bglness brisk. The Central Aus tralian sayt 360 head fat cattle from Cox and station, Evereham, passed the Bulloo for Melbourne on the .2nd inst. We copy the follswing from the " Pastoral Times " nf 29th ult. : — " lhere is considerable anxiety in the north respecting tbe weather ; there is ne very im mediate danger, but fee i and water for stock, are fast disappearing. Xb spite of the -dry weather which prevailed at Bourke for s© long a time, several lots of sheep had arrived in tbe district from Queenslacd. 13.003 sheep, the property of Mr; Beh and ano her. have changed hands, to Mr. Richardson, the owner u t venturing to take tberh further on accoutt of s:arcity cf feed; another lot of about 11,' G00, from Enthella station, Queensland, are in the neighbour hood ; the intention is to have thsm shorn at Bourke, and they proceed to tbe southern market, unless sold previously. The country between the War re go and Darling, coming Eouth from Queensland, is perfectly dry for fifty or sixty miles, and travelling sheep must suffer much if rain does not soon fall in that direction. 350 head of cattle from Cox and Bloemfield's station, Eversham, passed the Bulloo for Melbourne. Mr. R. M. Hughes, of Bourke, reports excessive dulness in sto.-ik transactions, neither are matters likely to im- pr ve till rain falls. Runs are now kept eo heavily t-to ked up, that in seasons like the present! holders w,.« in favourable seasons are large purchasers are a f id to operate. The rains of the 19th and 20th ki.- . were partial at Hay, half an inch being the he vidst reported. The only mob of fat sheep not previously reported by us, for the Victorian markets, is 4 530 tat ewes, to leave Keewong station (J, E. nviri ih.a Mnlvl PiM Ml Alh A flBAH' ' X. I itlLv cvliVa v V U I 11110 tt W V WvUl Mw VW.B in. 6 at Hay during the week — 2,€O0;fat sbeep irom Ik-cauck; 8000 fat she-p, Learmonth ; 5,400 f-st sheep frcrjx Mosegiel ; 6.300 Willsridra sheep— ali fer \ ietori, 6,500 store sheep from Clare station to Wiilrah, Eergus in charge.'7 , We quote as follows froui the ' Wagga Wagga Exp: ess " of 33th October : — " The weather has con- v tinued very fine during the past week, and the nights 7Tc. much cooler than is usual at this timsof the year. . Feed in the districts is plentiful, as well as water, and ft ck are beginning to show all the benefits t f the charge. Large quantities of wool are passing th oogh vhe town continually on the way to market or port of shipment. From down the river, we learn that the recent change in the weather, though brief in duration, exercised a salutary effect on tire herbage ; ar d those who are beginning to fear a dry; season hq v e again taken heart. Towards the Plains 'the country looks splendid, grass, herbs, and water being in abundance in that district. Our advices from Maiiaro are reassuring. The recent seasonable fails of rain have improved the appearance of the c umry wonderfully, and grasiers are quite satisfied with the prospects before them. The country looks fresh and green. Grass is growing in all directions.; The c it ie have been suffering severely from the drought, many having died. Lambing is pro gressing favourably— 80 per cent, will be considered good in this vicinity. Two causes are assigned for th-3 low percentage, viz., too many sheep in one flock, and runt being overstocked. Ia the Queanbey&n; die "ricfc, there has been a beautiful growth ©f feed since tbe Tain, and stock are looking well. From the East Mcreten district, of Queensland, we lean that th reason is one of the iniidest ever experienced in thst district. The grass is springing where rain has fallen. Most of the sheds on. the Downs are now busily engaged shearing, and it is said the clip is heavier than usual. Lambing is progressing favour- \- bly, and to judge frem appearances, the increase will be large. Grass is plentiful, but on tome parts of the : 'ow s r -in is much Wonted. From Daiby, we learn Iamb-fig is neatly ever, snd generally with goed . i.--u!':3 Shetricg i-s in lull swiBg, and wool coming i.. 'r v;i the sheds Rain is badly waited in tbe iirdy ground p.rtcularly about Cha- leville . and . ff i , though down the Wat re go and out on Pat wo and dulloo, the country is looking much -r--r. Tbe e were ten hours rain on the Paroo about t it ee weeks back, and a light ehower or two to the west- w ird. The Warrego has stopped running at fiurenda, Co rleviile, and Cunnamulla, but all the holes are full. S.ock everywhere m' fine condition. Shearing is n.-iayed on all stations for want ef supplies, which is £ ..-win ? to. the bad state of the roads from Daly. Oa tU i Lower Darling, ra'n is much wai ted, as tec-ms can- not travel now. Nearly all the wateiholes are dry, end toe weather is very hot during; the. day, though c 'ol &f;, night. On ibe Barwon; cummer appears , ; o hive fairly set in. The frontages are iomiwhat bare, I ut there is no scarcity of feed a little w&y; hkck searing is finished at the large sheds in this neighs 1) mrLood. Towards Brew&rrina; shearing is progress- isg favourably, and the present clip is expected to surpass all previous ones. Several laYge ' sheds have fiuirhed, and come have been fortunate enough - to ship it away, by the steamer for Adelaide and Mel- . bourne. On the Namoi the drought has been broken up by a long-desired thunderstorm, followed by a 1 steady rain which was most refresh -ng. Two or thr«9 such (remarks the 'Natrabri Herald') will do all the go d in the world, and give the dietrict a fair start for the summer. -Shearing i going ah«&d; but slow'y, owing to the scarcity of hands, and fcli int-Xi er»ence of many of the hands t&kiag; eusp'oy. | meBt. The tff>ct of tbi has t een b'Td iu wavs than GEO, as, for instance, in some few whr- o t e enntpqunoe of raising the figure per eoora iroru is bd to is has been the ataeniisg themselves gf ©mal of th mm Uqol their hind wrriw, Xrt irt ore told that the introduction of mor© labour to the colony must end in disaster. The number of stock forward is small, but must soon increase with the growth of the young grasses, ae stores arc in very fair order aod will soon fatten up. ' From Wollombi we learn that the country ii beginning to ahoW the effeot of the continued dry weather \ the earth is weariag a brown mantle, in consequence of lack of menriure and the glsre of the sua day after i4ay. Bush fires are very frequent, and unless rain comes shortly, there is little doubt but they will cause a rear City of feed wherever they hhVeoocurred. At Bingleton rain has fallen, Us Well as at Lochinvar, in both of winch districts it has been very welcome. The M&cqu;&rie; country looks tolerably well. There is plenty of grass both on the frontages and back, and water, if not too abundaht, Is at aU events plentiful for aU purposes. Further down the river the feed is very bad in some places, and" rain is much wanted. On the Mara the country is dry, but by dams and other means stationholders have stored water enough to last thtbugh the sutnmer. At Cannonbar the country is dry, and the want of rain is bring felt. On the Bogan it is still dry-, and there is a cry out tor rain. On- the Oastlete&£h- matters are looking very bright, though ol Course the necessity for rain is spoken of tbere. The shearing is progress ing well on the tipper river. Lower down1 it is pretty well finished. On- the Lothian they have had rain, and the country looks first-class, with no scarcity of feed, and an abundance of water for spme time to come. The ' Forbes Times states that tne clip is nearly all oft, and another week or two "Will see this season's shearing -fairly oVer. -The total market has been exceptionally dull tkie Week. Fat cattle can be readily disposed of at good prices, but few are offer ing. As may bp anticipated, there are large numbers of shorn sheep for sale, but few buyers. Store cattle are brisker of sale than they have been lately, but ne transactions of importance hare taken place. Store sheep are in fair demand, and oae or two transactions have been concluded." The wool trade on the Murray appears to be drift- in; towards South Australia. The " ftiverina Herald " quotes the following from the "Southern' Ar»us," which is published at Port Goolwa : — "Wool is now coming down freely. Daring the week end ing 16th October nearly 2 800 bales were lauded at the wharf. The Rapier arrived on the 10th with 462, and the Wentworth on the 12th with 1,054, and oa the 13th the Jupiter arrived with the largest load brought to Goolwa this season, vis., 1,02 bales. : About 600 bales of the above wool being for Mel bourne, were shipped per steamer Tararua at Port Victor on Friday, the 16th, and arrived in Hobson's Bay on Sunday, 17th, thus occupy in g only four days from arrival at Goolwa to delivery in Melbourne. We believe this wool was delivered nearly a week sooner than it could be done had it been forwarded Via Echuca." The " Herald" remarks that the matter deserves the attention of the commercial gentlemen of this torn, who are interested in the river traffic, as during the psreeent season, large quantities of wool, that in former years could have . come through Echuca, has passed through Port Goolwa, while by judicious management and foresight on the part of Victorian people it might have continued to come through Echuca. From all parts of the district,7' says the " Albury Banner," of the 30th ult., " we continue to receive highly satisfactory reports of the state of the grass, which is said to be more promising than it has been at the same time of year for seme seasons past. Nor is this state of things confined to the immediate neighbourhood- A Deniliquiu contemporary says — The grass is so thick and high throughout. South Biverina that it is no exaggeration to Say that on a number of the stations it could be mown and stacked advantageously. In fact, on . Woorooma run (Mr M1 Bean's), Lower Edward, a large quantity of bush hay has thus been preserved. It will require unusual precaution during this wonderful season to escape bush-fires of a most dangerous kind, or thousands ef pounds' worth ef fencing, as well as of sheep, will be destroyed. This cannot be too strongly enforced on all those whe travel in these parte. A lighted match carelessly thrown to the ground might prove ruinous to some squatters and selectors.' " 