MELBOURNE. (PBOU OCB OT5 COBBESPOXDENT). . Wednesday Evening. Some rather curious complications appear to have arisen with regard to a portion of the fend reserved for tbe purpose- of the Ballarat Water Commission. It appears that some years ago, and prior to the re serves being made, Messrs Brown and Biddle took np 400 acres of land at Devil's Creek for saw-mill purposes, and spent a considerable sum of money in erecting buildings and machinery upon it they subsequently applied for land in another place, but the application was refused on the ground that they had a preferable claim to the land which they had already selected Thus matters stood until the land , in! question was included in that reserved for tbo Water Commission; and it seems that. the occupants were thenceforward anxious to be relieved from their dnomalons position, either by obtaining the fend in fee simple 'or by obtaining compensation for the improvements made upon it. In November. 1873, a deputation waited upon the head of the Lands Department on the Subject, but failed to obtain a satis factory settlement of the affair. The present occupants, Messrs James Henry Brown and William Brown, waited upon tbe hon- .the Minister of Lands to-day, ato bring the matteronoe more under the notice of tbe department, the Ballarat Water C- -mmistion being also represented at the interview by Mr W. Thom son, its secretary, and Mr Jfimes, M.L.A., one of its memb r& Tbe lasi -named geotleman laid the whole of the facts before the Minister, and stated that Messrs Brown de-'ired either to ob tain a title to the land/or to give it up on obtai-jng a proper amonnt of compensation. Mr Casey then re ferred to papers relative to the subject, when be found the present application was precisely similar to the one made in November, 1973. He added that he could really do n-tliiug in the matter, the land baring been mortgaged to tbe Goverptnant, together with the rest of the reserves of the commission, as security for loans. He was, " in feet, quite powerless: the laud had beer reserved.- hot not by him, and he could not now inter fere with the reservation; nor, on the -other hand, could he-meddle' with property mortgaged to the Go vernment. After some further conversation. Mr Casey premised to refer the nutter to the Minx-ter of Mines, to see if anything could be done to meed the -wishes of MTClarke, M.L.A., waited upon the' hem. the . Minister of Lands to-day, to Jay before him some dis tressing cases in which certain free selectors in Bal- lyrogan, Lai Lai, Ballan, and the neighboring distrirtB bad been more or less sufferers from the late bush- fires. and to ask on their behalf that the time for the completion of the improvements prescribed by. the land Aet might be extended. Mr Caeey, in reply, promised to give the request his favorable considera tion. A gross case of ingratitude caxrebefbre the Emerald Bill magistrates this morning. The- defendant, a woman named Fanny Kelly, was charged with stealing wearing apparel Last month Kelly went to the house of Mrs Cumberland, wha-lfves in this citv. She was then in great destitution, and asked for assistance. Instead of tuning the wreteh away, as is too often the eastern in such cases; thelady played the part of "a Coed Samaritan to her, givmg her. clothes, food, and lodging. After enjoying lie. lady's hospitality for some time, Kelly disappeared wfrb some clothing belonging to her. which efie- afterwards pawned. Tbe bench sentenced the prisoner to three months' im prisonment with bard labor.. . Tbe sittings of the Central Criminal Court were continued to- day. before bis Honor Mr Justice Fel lows. A yonng man, named Henry Hardy, was tried for breaking into the house of a carpenter residing at Ascot Vale, and steeling a suit of clothes and «"»» articles of jewdhay. therefrom. The piisonw was foona guilty, andas there were no less than seven pre- viohs oonrictSons recorded againstiam, he was sen tenced to ten years' hhrd labor. The remainder of the tilting was occupied with tbe trial of a respectably- dressed woman, named Amelia Catherine Barrow, the j wife oi a biker, who was charged with setting fire to I the house lately occupied by her. at SandridgL The 1 case .was tiiU jwoooeng; .when 'gjr ;)p»wel elqsed. A man named George ShortuTliti was killed tills morning. oa-ioe tr, » i g 81 a brick dray which he was driviV' i i- overhim. fc' Captain Chandler, cf the United 6uu """ , stoop Swatara, at present in this r, I his officers, were entertained at lnV'iQ?s"'f»i mayor of Melbourne in tbe town h.; VT6 It £ H" were also present the Premier, the 8,1" -r' Til j'' . the aldermen and councillors of th» a<7? " Gf- membere of Parliament, anf some feif ricancitizens. After the c .mpany li . tamed by some muse from the erra, .j811 tt- - iS John Hill, they adjourned to the It y W an excellent repast had been preiond wM V"0' vt-i iffi experience! no difficulty in doing amP;7;';!EH gl A caseof some interest to printeri!"1''- £ generally was heard at the Cuuntv Coanl , Wit HI T. Masona prmter residing iu i action, in which the damages were laid J J , F. A. Masterman, who is also a primer t ' i''?'! fir® contract. It appeared that about ei 'hyi/' rir- J ft® Mason purchased from Mast-nnan '"'t" IS for the sum of £450. At the lia,-/.- -!''- gts agreement was entered into between tt effect that Uastermaa should not es-cot- e' : ':e 33 work to Fftzroy or for any perrea fetidiaTl® fS municzp boaudan&a;, for tbe ?p;tce i f tw fttg a penalty of £100 for every breach of This vrafi set forth iu a ifced d u!v siirned a«,f |J> It was proved, fcowererTt1iatab»ut 8s the saleof .the business, Mastcrnia:: Pi obtained tbe contract for the prions reoci1 local town eouncil for the preaeut y.-ir . audi "T fiff he had executed other printing wrk fur Fiixroy, iu defiance of the- arrte ueLt u cu" S wright appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr G P c s ! for defendant. ELs Honor Sir Justice Cone t?® judgment. fcjr The two most Important charge? on ike gW police court this morning were of Wrr a ® gery. Tha defendant to the first uaaid a fp German, named George Krugur. Seme niSt"' lj| ilp rohbery took place at the re-id.-nce of a, u. ¥ 1 jli barrister, some £120 worth of jew,-ltrT lip Detective Christie deposed that eoni- if property had been found iu prisoner's msja 11 portion of which, including a va'.u .Lie n-itr', i'.7, ' Hi broken up. The defendanl»was remanded fiz"8 Sk evidence. In the forgery case. Julius Hi- orr t-e Pfa was charged with passing seven forged bills' st HI change upon the Collingwood branch uf the r„. IfiS cial Bank, and was remanded uuti! Tuesday 19 Madame Anna Bishop's first p-and farewell li at ' million prices," is announced to take nh» » 7 B9 Melbourne Town Hail to-morrow evtninp talented cant&tzice; will be asti-ted by sevarlrL' H artist s. with Mr Geo. ' Peake as organist' SB entertainment will, bo doubt, prove a bri'lW 8 cess. 5Ja 