An important paper was given to the public yesterday from 'the Lands Department in the shape of a report on' tlie forests and local forest boards by Mr Ivey. Jt treat? of three subjects— the conditio of- the trees ; how they are to be dealt with, and what' the'boards have done towards dealing witlr them. Very little is told us under the first head that we do not know already. Unfortunately, it is only necessary to reside a styort timein the neighbourhood of a populous goldfield to dis cern for oneself that a reckless desti'uction of timber is the order , of the day. >: Mr Ivey says this destruction differs, only in degi-ee iri the several district?, and that the coiiditipn of the forests is better or wpise . iri direct ratio to the distance frojn tlie centre of de mand. - A whole pietui-e of desolation is pro duced for -us in the short and : graphic 7 an-: nounceinent that clpsty atyout the mining cpntre? jio stick -ttyree inches 111, diameter ejtists. - The t saplings sprout strong - arid vigorously, but down they go for ' firewood and fencing, The bushfire is another enemy tp fpi-erit grpvytty, and in some respects it is more fatal than the axe of the miner. Thou sands of promising trees are swept away in a night or a day, and what "is tlie most mis chievous part of the thipg is that after a con flagration; of this kind, the' natural succession of seedlings tyaving: been destroyed - by the devouring element, the next 'crop. ;'inqst tye sown.pr.p)«Atedv);-<<-!Wtyere.:9%B;'rft crop has been destroyed" is the language of the report, " the ground is covered with suckers only. Such land it is useless to enclose and con serve foi" timber purposes." The important question for the future therefore, is what is to be done ity the_ way of repairing the waste? And whq.is.'t'do itl.-i'SYith -ting question is intimately:ne4ip\'ttye/ further "considera tion of the"cotystitution. and powers, of the local ;fpve'sty::typMfis) - ' Ttye lpcal boards cannot be expeoted) ,'indipate "tiie' sources' from which the;mpney tyat is to be expended on the work o'r:restpration is to be derived. All that is required of ttyem is - to see that the public carry- put the laws which are provided' for the- conservation and protection of the Statp tiniber. : They are mere boards - of ad- : vice, and, as Mr ' Ivejr put? it, tlieiy ' cannot ; exist . without .a revenue./ ; Where - is - the, reveriue to come from ? Should, they receive! aid from the Government, or from -thelocal; bodies? Mr Trey's ; opinion" :is one that is; piactically a,n argument for abolj?hiqg them altogether. - He objects, as we have''; often: objected, to .their constitution to begin / .with. ! What does the chairman of a mining .board,: the mayor of - a city/or even the presidept of; a shire, know of/forestry ! No qualification! is required of them, and they bring . - npne..- Individuals wtyo1are e'x)pfficip' mpmbe.i'is tbr a1 short timp hot likely to take niuqty interest ; in the subject. Iri. orily one case wbqld Mr, Ivey give them , any' styaro- in -the -manage- ment, of the local timber/and that is. wheni they raise a portion of the paoney they, pro-: pose to expend from the local bodies which) they represent; ;;The'Uceffm"'fees' 'can "be col-) lected without the aid of a' board, and from: the fact that it' knows nothing of "the duties which its officers .avo supposed to discharge, it is obvious that its control over those officers; can only.he'nomihal. on tfiff other tyatyd/if money for the maintenance- of forests and-- for1 acts of forestry be obtained' direct from Go vernment in ttye shape of a Parliamentary giunt pr' annqai suh?idy,:the boards would' .then pease to; be anything but consulting bodies, or in; words, boards "of -ad vice to the Lands Ilepartm.ent. ' ' Tfi6/' upshot of the whole enquiry v is flute summarised by Mr Iyey, and wg would especially call .the atten tion of those of our -readers who - are. per sonally interested iri' the subject to his "deci sion:— "I beg to suggest that the local boards bp at opce asked if the lpcai " bpdips ' which their- jnembers reprepent yidU subsidise the Forest Board for 'the : purpose of improving the forests, and if sb, to what amount? If the answer be ity ttye' iiegatiye the local forest bparfis should cease to exist, or act as boards pf advice.' If the local boards continue to exist, their constitution should :be altered. A certain number, say three) of the most u?pfiil local jneri.. should be appointed," foi", say, , three years, and be eligible for re-appoint- meut, the other members of the board being appointed as at present." By the present mail ttye report of the Com- \ mission appointed in India to onquire into; the elficacy of Professor Halford's antidote ' for snake poison by the injection of ammonia, has been conveyed to the Govemmerit. and as was anticipated from tho first, the finding; is entirely unfavourable to the Melbourne' professor's claims. The sub-cutaneous in-1 jection of ammonia is pronounced to have 110- antidotal or remedial power whatever, but, on the contrary! it expedites .rftther .ttyap re- i tftytys .the tendency to death. This is a ?tartl-i ing announcement, and wo venture to, think: that it will not be received in this country at '! 1 '( 11 "( ' 1 » "' ' any rate without question. The facts are too pumeroua 4he> other way. Seeing is believing, and considering the conjectural condition of medical science, the non-medical world may be excused for crediting tho evidence of its own senses in preference to the dicta of a clique of experimentalists, who eonduct their experiments under different conditions. It seems to us that the controversy is founded on misapprehension 011 both sides, Both sides are right, and both sides are wrong. People are undoubtedly recovered from the jaws of death by Professor Halford's treat ment; whatever the commissioners may say to the contrary. But it does not follow that Professor Halford is scientifically correct iri saying that ammonia is chemically antidotal to the virus of the snuke, or that the Com missioners are scientifically wrong in con tradicting him. Ammonia is a powerful stimulant to tlje nerve centres in almost i all stages of collapse. The other day a case '-was reported from 'the -pountry'of a ''brilliant re covery from cholera through the sqb-putaripous injection .of ammonia. Yet we have riot heard that PYofesso'r Halford claims ammonia to be specifically antidotal, to. the cholera virus. The truth "probably is that the cholera patient and;the . victim of snake-bite are . both re duced to that condition of constitutional paralysis over which the stimulating powers of the' drug have most control, and that both are restored by the. same vitai process, what ever it may be. This is obviously a very different -thing), nevertheless, tp saying that ammonia is the true porrigent of snake virus. - / Dr Halford has done nothing to place this proposition upon scientific grounds, foi" the experiments that he has conducted show nothing more than, the experiment tried on the oholera- patient referred to, namely, that ammonia is a powerful exoi tor to the exhausted nerve centres. . 