LATEST NEWS. w- WEEKLY TIMES OFFICE, Saturday Morning. THE WiaATHER AND BUSH FIRES. THE SANDHURST DISTRICT. Tbe " Bendigo Advertiser" of yes.erday says " 'Ihe large and extensiye bush fires reported in yesterday's issue had abated their fury somewhat con siderably yesterday, with one or two exceptions. The fire which on Wednesday evening placed Thomas's Halfway house and other adjacent pro- perties on the Ing ie wood road in imminent danger was stopped during the early part of the day through the fire having reached one ot the roads in the neighbourhood. Fortunately there was a lull in the wiud at the time, toe flames being rendered thereby not suffic ently strong to carry them to the opposite side of the road. All thst remained of what was thought the most dangerous of the fires surrounding the district yesterday afternoon were a few smouldering stumps. The most disa Irons news, however, cone from Whipstick. A gentleman who yesterday visited that ioca'ity informs us thst the ravages being committed by the destructive e emert were something appalling. As is the usual case the small ae'ec ors are tbe greatest sufferers. Some of these have been burnt out completely, no vestige whatever being left of what only the day previous were the scenes of happiness and content ment. and the only, and that very hard earned, means of existence of several large families. Our informant states that tbere is not a fence in the whole locality but what was either destroyed, or in the act of being destroyed at the time of his leavi g. The fire was still raging furiously, and the excitement amongst the residents was great. Some idea ot the extraordinary strength of th fire may be gathered from the fact that the same gentleman heard the crackling of ihe burning timber fully three miles away from the tire Early yesterday morning another fire broke out in a south-westerly direction from Marong, at the back of tbe Meuisie Reef. Large volumes of smoke were to be observed rising from the rangeB all day, and the heat round about was intense. The greatest losers by this fire are the woodcarters, who in some instances have had stacks of wood destroyed which had been accumulating for some months. This mi fifnttll T« A vnnaf laavra 4 i<ii m m 4a iL- mam MMW&WIWWV; AAW>V OTC piUTVU T Dt j VAJTAUg Iff? biiO "IM"| wno have worked hard and devoted ail their energies in putiag bj a store for a rainy day The fire < not been extinguished late bast night, notwith standing the exertions of a large force of able and willing men who music- ed on the scene. In the direction of Bridgew&ter-on-the-Loddoa; there were signs of an extensive conflagration, and it is to re feared that should it turn out to be so fierce as re ported that an incalculable amount of damage will be done, considering that the place is one mass of farms. In close prox'mity to the township of Maron g a fire was taking everything before it in a remarkably furious manner. " Reports from Woodend and Macedon state that the fires of Tester day are still raging, and with every sign <- of spreading. On each side of the line tor miles fire and smoke is to be seen, and the heat is terrible. Along the railway line in the direction of Ruany- mede the fires were visible last evening, and it was stated that considerable da nage had already bsen done to houses and property, and irom appearances more damage «as anticipated. "Our correspondent at B untly writes : — ' Sinoe Wednesday evening the bush-fires in the above vicinity are arproacning the townshio as fast as a strong northerly wmd can force them along. One fire has crossed the Bendigo Greek near the Bullocky bridge, and ws fast approaching the of Mr. btanlev and Mr. Tbiteil; ia fact, some of the people in the township of H untly are looking with anxious eyes, expecting it to come right amongat them about 3 o'clock thi> (Thursday) afterno m. The whole of the miners from tbe Bendigo and Ballarat and Annabella claimB started f r the scene of the fire to lend their aid to try and extinguish it, as it was travel ing so last towards the above farms. They were successful, fc g ther with other willing hands. saving the saw mi ls nd farm of Mr. William Clay on Wednesday night/ " 