PORTLAND. IxtroV DUE OWK CORRESPONDENT.) — April 12. At the last meeting ®wgb Council, held on the 5th fast., Councillor D«>mb brought forward his motion--®! which he had "given previous notice— for the adoption . - » trf orders by the Council, and re- that "hitherto the mode at proee. dure lad not been in accordance with that ' Adopted "by other pnhlic bodies. That here tofore there has existed no necessity for tha introduction of standing orders is mainly attributable to the fact '.that a®ctawa- atitution, and opto a recent date, the Conn- 1 oil was mainly conmoeedjnf j irere neither altogether ignorant oftheralrel of debate nor unwilling to allow their fellow- | councillors a patient hearing. Generally, too, the Council was presided over by one who had the confidence and respect of the remainder ; but wben such was not the case, there was to be found sufficient of the leaven » ing influence to keep the head within proper bounds. Since then, circumstances have somewhat changed, and although not of fre quent occurrence, scenes have occurred, -and language has been used which would have been considered highly improper to report in extenso, tbe chairman on these occasions being unable, from whatever cause, to com mand more suitable conduct. From these and.other circumstances, it seemed necessary to have a code of "orders" to define each councillor's position and conduct in the future, and the better to enable the chairman properly to conduct the business under con sideration. There is notbiog in the report of that meeting that suggests tbe reason of tbe rejection of what would have proved a wholesome innovation, beyond the opinion expressed by one councillor; that " as the old method of conducting business had hitherto proved satisfactory, he saw no reason for altering it." In this the Mayor ac quiesced, and after voting against the motion, to equalise members, gave bis casting vote in the same direction. I refer to this matter principally to suggest that, according to thiB ruling, we are nowise in agitating for railway extension, increased postal accommodation, aud all the other etceteras of comfort, con venience, and expedience. Truly, becoming a councillor does not warrant the belief that be is thereby qualified to give "counsel." When a certain person in America was " running " for justice of tbe peace, his wife, iu anticipation of honoure in store for her, said — " My dear, when you get to be justice of the peace, what will I be?" "You," said hap VitisVtan<3 wViv vnn'll hf> same old fool you always was !" Does thiB in any way apply to mayors, &c.; ? One of our suburban selectors yesterday, while engaged in extinguiBhiug a bush-fire which was threatening his homestead and crops, bad, in tbe excitement, nearly all bis clothes burnt from his back. He was not extricated from his dangerous position until he was rather expensively burned, but no im mediate danger is apprehended. A downpour of rain yesterday — very much similar to what is experienced in the month of July — accompanied by thunder and light ning, had the effect of causing our varioUB ministers to preach to small audiences ; aud the force of the wind suggested the idea that the clerk of the weather is responsible for a mistake in tbe time for the appearance of tbe equinoctial gales. The sky presents all tbe indications that the rain io this district is general. 