SYDNEY SUMMAtRY. (Fron Ithe S. M. lHerald./ A Fann broke out on the roof of the Pelican Hotel, oorner of Oxford and Edward streets, at noon on Tuesday, and was unfortunately attended with loss of life. The chimney of the shop occupied by Clarke, the tobacconist, took fire first, and the sparks falting upon the roof of tbo hotel the shingles were almost instantly in a blaze; the strong gala that was blowing at the time fanning the flames furiously, and causing them to rapidly extend over the whole roof. A hydrant-man was watering the street close by, and seeing the flames he directed his hose towards them, but the hbose not being of suffiiont length tbo man was not able to ronder much sorvion. tn a very few moments the whole of the top of the building was a mass of fire. People quickly gathered around the hotel, and efforts were made to provent the fire from spreading. A man named Joseph Carr, a bricklayer, mounted to the roof to pour water on the flames by moeans of a bucket, and sad to say, trom some cause he lost his balance while standing near the edge of the roof, and fell to the ground bead foremost. He was picked up and taken in a cab to the infirmary, but he died before he was admitted lnto the institution, having fractured his skull. Meantime messengers were dispatched to the fire angine stations. Mr. Bdwn was very soon in attend ncne with an engine, and hbe was speedily followed by an engino from the No. 3 company's station. The No. 2 company followed, and then came the No. 1 enginee-eight engines in all arriving at the fire. They were rapidly got into position, and some good etreams of water poured upon the flames eortinguished them, but not before much damage had been done. rho hotel is the property of a Miss O'Neill, and is insured in the United office for £1000. It was ocon pied by Michael Enright, whose loss is not covered by any insurance. The roof of the building is en tirely destroyed, and the interior of the house consi derably damaged by water. Great fears were entertained by the railway ofli ilale at Fairfield on Tuesday, than an enormous etack of wood standing near the railway-station, would take fire from the burning bush that was near to it, and a telegram was sent to Sydney asking for the assistance of the fire-engines. On receipt of the intelligence an engine from the insurance brigade station, and one from No. 1 station at the Hay market, were immediately despatched by special train to Fairfield. On arriving there it was found that the danger in regard to the wood-stack had boon overcome, for though the fire did reach the wood, it was promptly extinguished by railway em ployee, a number of whom had boon sent on from the Parramatta Junction for the purpose of working the fire-engines when they should arrive Owing to the near proximity of. the bush-fire, many dwellings were placed in imminent danger, and the inhabitants had as much as they could do in looking after the safety of their property. A shed caught fire, and was destroyed, and a railway truck, loaded with wood, also caught fire, but any serious damage to it was prevented. The engines were employed in protecting the house property that stood in danger. They left for Sydney soon after four o'clock, when all appearances of danger had disappeared. It was fortunate that the stack of wood, which is of enor mous size, did not take fire, for had it done no the etation-house must have boon destroyed. At about ton minutes past eight on Wednesday night the fire-bolls at Balmain rang out an alarm, and the engine was quickly soot out. Some fencing belonging to Mr. Elyard was on fire, and the bush around Captain Me Donald's property was also burn ing. The brigade by means of their buckets euo oeeded in extinguishing the flames. At about a quarter to twelve o'clock on Wednes day, a fire was discoved to be burning upon the roof of a shed belonging to Mr. Hinton, in Bligh-street. In a short space of time the strong wind that was blowing fanned the flames to such an extent that there was fear of the fire spreading. But by the assistance of some man who happened to be near at the time, the flames were extinguished. There were no less than seven holes burnt in different parts of the shingles, and soma of them were largo enough to admit of a man's body passing through them. The damage fortunately was confined to the roof, and no serious consequencoes resulted. The fire is said to have originated by some sparks from a neighbouring chimney alighting upon the shingles. This is another instance in which serious results might have occurred through not keeping chimneys clean. Shortly before two o'clock on Thursday morning a fire was discovered in some stables at the rear of Grimes' buildings, in lower Fort-street, tenanted by Mr. Rogers, drayman. At the time of the fire there were several horses in the stables which were oextri cated with some diffioulty by persons attracted to the epot. Previous to the arrival of a fire-engine efforts wore made to extinguish the flames by several people with buckets of water, but without avail, and the stables were gutted. A doense volume of smoke arose from the burning hay and straw, which gave it the appearance of a more Eorious conflagration than actually occurred.. The harness in the stables and several drays in the vicinity were speedily removed to a place of safety. The origin of the fire is at present unknown. About half-past one, on Wednesday the following telegram from the North Shore was received at the insurance brigade station:--"Dangerous bush-fire, driving towards house property, at burial- ground." At 3.33 p.m., the following was received: " Police report cemetery house on fire ; fire advancing to other house property; wind driving towards St. Leonard's." It appearing from this last communica tion that the bush-fire, which had been raging to the north of St. Leonarde all the day, was assuming a dangerous aspect, a fire-engine was immediately sent over by the transit boat. It turned out, however, that the house in the cemetery was not on fire, though it stood in imminent danger of being so, as the outer fence was burning, the fire from the bush having renehed it. A number of willing hands speedily set- to work and beat down the fire suticion tly to prevent its doing any damage either to the cemetery-house or other property in the vicinity. The wind, which had been blowing west-south-west, changed to the southward as the afternoon wore on, and consequently turned thbo fire in another direction During the night it moderated considerably. An accident of a very serious nature happened in a house in Sussoxeslraot on Tuesday night, through the oxploding of a kerosene lamp. The occupant of the house, a Mr. James P. Stevenson, a tailor, was sitting at his work, when the koeroseneo lamp on the table near him suddenly exploded, and the flames pouring over his arms, burned them severely. Some bedding and wearing apparel in the room were dee troyed. The fire was extinguished by the inmates of thoehoose. Fire engines were at the placo-three of the insurance brigade and two of the volunteers.. Great excitement was caused in Kent-street on Thursday night through a report that a woman named Flora Evans had been murdered. The cir cumstances connected with the matter are as follows: —About nine o'clock the woman was in company with two other women named Ann Chapman and Elizabeth Eldridge at Ryan's Star of Peace Hotel, corner of King and Kent streets. Evans went to the public-house about the time mentioned and called for a glass of ale which was served to her in a little room off the bar. Before she had drunk the ale, a petty officer of H.M.S. Pearl named William A. D. Levette came into the room where Evans was. Evans, who knew Levette, rushed towards him with open arms, and he pushed her back; she fell, and became insensible. There were a great number of people in the house at the time, and amongst them were several men belonging to the Pearl and Sandfly When Evans fell, the publican Ryan got some water and endeavoured to make her drink it, but finding she could not swallow had her placed in a cab and at once removed to the infirmary. Annie Chapman accompanied Evans to the institution, where, on her admission she died. Detectives Tindale and Wilmot, on hearing of the occurrence, went in search of Levette, and after about an hour's search they dis- covered him and took him in charge on suspicion of having caused the death of the woman. (From the Evening News.) On Monday afternoon the city coroner hold an in quest on the body of an aged woman named Sarah King. The witnesses examined were Elizabeth Austin, Thomas Austin, James A. Read, and Dr. A. B. Morgan. The evidence given was to the effect that the deceased was ninety-three years of age, a native of Kent, England, and resided at the house of Mr. Austin, at Enfield. She was seen last alive at nine o'clock on Saturday morning, sitting on a chair in her room, the door of which was open. Nothing strange was observed in connection with her except that she did not say her prayers that morning, which was her custom to do loudly. In one part of the week she complained of head-pains, and stated she felt confused. Some time back she was in the act of going to a well to drown herself, when she was dis covered, and prevented from carrying out her inten tion. She did not appear in any way mentally affected or disturbed on Saturday. At about twelve o'clock on that day, Elizabeth Austin, daughter of Mr. Austin, at whose place deceased was staying, went into her room to inform her that a Miss Wil kinson, a lady who customarily read to her, was coming, and thereupon she saw her hanging from a beam above her bed by means of a roap fastened around her neck. Alarm was given and she was quickly cut down, but was found to be dead. The medical testimony showed that death resulted from suffocation by hanging, and the jury returned a ver diet in accordance with their evidence. Telegrams have been received advising the do parture of the now mail steamer Vasco di Gama from San Francisco on 9th October. On Monday the bench of magistrates at the water police court, investigated eight charges of forgery against Josiah Richard Treeve. The prisoner was committed to take his trial on the whole of the eight charges at the next sittings of the central criminal court. In the supreme court on Wednesday, before Mr. Justice Hargravo, in the suit, M. MoElbhone versus Kelly (proprietor of the Stockwhip) Mr. Butler in formed hie Honor that the case was one of libel-the i.bol containing certain imputations, such as the plaintiff was " a man of little conscience and little virtue"-imputations which the plaintiff and he (Mr. futler) thought might be fairly considered as reflect ing on his private character. He (Mr. Buter) under stood that the defendant was willing to withdraw the remarks referred to, in so far as they reflected upon Mr. Mo Elhone's private character, and if they were done he (Mr. BIutler) would, on behalf of his client, withdraw the record-each party to pay his own costs. Mr. Darley, for the defendants, therefore with drew the remarks referred to, so far as they reflected on the plaintiff's private character, and stated that the defendant had no intention of doing so. The record was accordingly withdrawn. 