The losses which have occurred by fires dur ing the past fpw weeks have been of greater extent than usual, even at this season when- they are expected in the bush. The flames have not been restricted to the mere burning of grass and scrub, but' they have raged with appalling frequency in towns in various parts of the colony. Scarcely a day passes with out bringing forth some" record of devastation with some . uncertain "or unsatisfactory ac count bf the _cajise of the accident. Our oivn district has not been exempt, for it is only about a week ago since the Chinese Camp, on Campbell's Creek, was laid in utter ruins without any property being saved ; and it was esteemed as a fortunate circumstance that the wind did not blow towards other buildings which thpre; could be little hope of saving from the material of which they are built." No better account could be furnished for the origin of this fire than a lamp had been left burning in one of tbeChinese shops, and it may have overturned, or a curtain may nave mown into it. J.n tni3 simple way a fire originated that strips men and- families of their entire property. In referring to it at all, it is by way of illustration bo see what may result from a single act of carelessness when inflammable matter be about so 'abund antly, especially in wooden and calico struc tures. Perhaps no better account can be supplied for one-half the bush fires that have spread over many portions of the colony dur ing the past week than the tin-owing away of a lighted lucifer, or leaving fires un'quenched from which sparks have blown. For nearly a week a bush-fire has been burning among the ranges at the back of Fryerstown ; ana taking yesterday the direction of Mouiit Franklin, whicli might be seen enveloped in smoke. No one attempts to explain how this has originated, but- merely regard it as ah occurence to be looked for from r which there is no escape. But surely there should fce some better order of self-protection among residents' in the bush than there "at present exists among them, and some greater vigilance on their part to trace oat the author of the mischief As settlement advances tiie danger increases from the multiplication of fences, the farmyards and the stacks. No doubt this season has been "one in which bush-fires have had more long grass and scrub to feed upon than customary, and it is owing to this plethora of fuel that they have for days spread out their smoky canopy. If they were simply confined to 'uncultivated I ami ocuupiea lanas uiere woum not De so much to regret in their recurrence for they are useful- destroying agents of noxious reptiles ; but when they extend among crops, buildings and cattle, desolating in a few hours of time the products of years of industry, the loss then becomes truly calamitous. If there were any possibility of obtaining precise information as to the origin of tie' fires, it might possibly admit of cautions for prevent ing a repetition from the same cause ; but, unfortunately, there is much uncertainty about the majority' of them. Few of-, them are set down to deliberate incendiarism ; in cases where they are traced they could have been mostly prevented, as they arose from carelessness, or ignorance. It sounds as the culnrination of human folly on tie psirt of a settler to hear of him burning grass and scrub during the time of a hot wind' blowing, as it also does of the charcoal burners at Buningong— men always in'-tjie hush, laying' their fires burning. VYhen 'men wh'o shpuld be well informed of the consequences that may eventuate "from carelessness oh them part really commit such blunders it is diffi cult to invest - any means of protection that will Keep pace with human folly. " With the. incendiary the laiv. knows How to deal in meting out punishment to him, but it is powerless against ignorance. .Settlers must, see that in realty/ they must be their own protectors by providing spaces over which' the. fire cannot freely travel, and "cutting- off as far as practicable communication between inflammable' orop's and materials. They may ; co-operate for mutual aistau'ee; and for sug gesting in what manner: the' particular por tion of the country liT whick trfey. reside may be preserved ; hut they, cannot -look for much WravanHtrA'01/l fi>Anv onir be urietfteh. bh'their behjlf,' 1 They, must, : "tiip, Jajow-': ledge that—" God helps those .who help them-; selves."- : ' 