SHEEP-BREEDING. AT the usual monthly meeting of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales, held in Sydney on the 3rd instant, the following paper was read by Mr. John Smith, of Llanarth, Bathurst;— The subject of sheep-breeding, though already fully discussed, can never be considered exhausted whilst wool continues to be the life-blood of the colony. Annual discussions cannot but effect some good. In presuming to come before the society with such crude ideas as my experience has suggested, I cannot but feel sensible of the disadvantageous position I take, up, following the able essays of the Hon. G. H. Cox, than whom no colonist is better entitled. to speak authoritatively on matters connected with sheep-breeding. But, to use a figure of the late Sir Robert Peel, it is by the friction of ideas that light is emitted. If sheep farmers can be induced to give the colony the benefit of their experience, the young men now going into the bush may avoid some mistakes in laying the basement of their fortunes. I propose to compare notes with some English writers as to the origin of the best flocks, and the effect of climates, pasturage, and soil on the wool; to record my own experience in this country ; and then briefly to examine our land laws as to the effects operating on the production of this staple article of the colony. I assume that the object of the sheep-farmer is the cash returns from his flock, and not exclu- sively the price per lb. of his wool. I start, then, with the maxim of Lord Somerville, ' that The breed of sheep which, on any given quantity of land, will carry for a continuance the most wool well as flesh, and both of the highest qualify, is the breed to be preferred. How this result is to be secured in the different climates, and on the different pastures of our ex- tensive sheep-walk, is the present subject of in- quiry. Whether or not the progenitors of the merino were introduced into Spain from Northern Africa, I shall not now stop to inquire ; but whether the colour was white or black is a mat- ter of more interest, as showing to what extent judicious selection may be carried. It is said by a modern writer, on this valuable animal, that the sheep is a child of cultivation. It may be bred and managed so as to become al- most all that the agriculturist and manufacturer could wish it to be ; and, if habitually neglected and abused, every good quality will gradually dis- appear. The Spanish Merino, from which our flocks descend, is thus described by Mr. Youatt : — ' The legs are long, yet small in the bone ; the breast and back are narrow, and the sides are somewhat flat ; the fore shoulders are heavy, and too much of their weight is carried on the coarser parts. The horns of the male are comparatively large, curved, and with more or less of a spiral form ; the head is large, but the forehead rather low. A few of the females are horned, but generally speaking they are without horns. Both male and female have a peculiar coarse and unsightly growth of hair on tbe forehead and cheeks ; the other part of the face has a pleasing and charac- teristic velvet appearance. Under the throat there is a singular looseness of skin, which gives them a remarkable appearance of throati- ness or hollowness in the neck. The pile, when pressed upon, is hard and unyielding ; it is so from the thickness with which it grows on the pelt, and the abundance of yolk, detaining all the dirt and gravel which fall upon it; but when examined, the fibre exceeds in fineness, and the number of serrations and curves, that which any other sheep in the world produces. The average weight of the fleece in Spain is eight pounds from the ram and five from the ewe. The staple differs in length in different provinces. When fat, these sheep will weigh from twelve to sixteen pounds per quarter. The excellency of the merinos consists in the unexampled fineness and felting property of their wool, and in the weight yielded by each individual sheep ; the closeness of that wool, and the luxuriance of the yolk, which enable them to support extremes of cold and wet quite as well any other breed ; the easiness with which they adapt themselves to every change of climate, and thrive and retain, with common care, all their fineness of wool under a burning tropical sun, and in the frozen regions of the north.' The Spanish merino was introduced into England by George III., in the year 1791 ; but it . was not till 1804 that the first public sale of the progeny took place. At that sale the rams averaged £19 14s., and the ewes £8 15s. 6d. each. In 1808 the rams averaged £33 10s., and the ewes £23 12s. 6d. ; and at the sale held two years afterwards thirty-three rams realised £1920, thus averaging £58 each; and seventy ewes averaged £37 10s. per head. One ram fetched 173 guineas, and another 134. One ewe was knocked down at 72 guineas, another at 70. This. sale was followed by the establishment of the ' Merino Society,' with Sir Joseph Banks as presi- dent and fifty-four vice-presidents — patronage enough ; but with all this flourish of trumpets the crosses with the English coarse-woolled sheep proved a signal failure. The cross was too wide, and the merino was abandoned. The Australian merinos come principally through Germany, and not direct from pure Spanish flocks ; hence the tendency, being the progeny of a cross, to individual instances of degeneracy to the parent stock of the German side, which are described as being ' small, with long neck and legs, and the head, belly, and legs devoid of wool.' Now, if these inferior animals are not carefully culled out of the breeding flocks they will be found to increase in number. There is a tendency in all animals to return to the original type if man is idle. I quite agree with Mr. Cox that we possess in this colony sheep far superior to anything we can import from Europe — the natural result of judi- cious selection exercised over flocks bred under the most favourable circumstances of climate, soil, and pasturage. The undulating western slopes of the great dividing range should turn out the merino sheep in perfection. The superior soft- ness and elasticity so attractive in the Australian fleece is, doubtless, the combined effect of climate, pasturage, and forest trees. The mildness of the winter admits of the proper nourishment of the wool without artificial feeding, and the general dryness of the climate is favourable to the reten- tion of yolk ; while the forest trees afford shelter in the winter and shade in the summer, thus modifying the action of the elements on the fleece. In Germany the sheep are so much confined in sheds, in order to preserve the fleece, that the muscular development is checked, the size of the animal diminished, and his constitution weakened — the progeny will be delicate. By free and moderate exercise in the open air, witli such pas- turage as will keep up his condition in winter and summer, and sheltered by the forest trees from extremes of heat and cold, you will have an animal symmetrical in figure, with a constitution adapted to the country, and bearing a fleece of superior excellence. That unsightly loose skin exhibited by the imported Negretti, so trouble- some to the shearer, will have been filled out, and instead of the German you will have the Austra- lian merino. The German flocks are housed in winter, and, indeed, in summer also during rain. The fleece is thus preserved to the very tip, and it is to this protection from rain that is to be attributed the superior softness of the German over the Spanish wool. This uniform softness and elasticity of the fibre is only to be secured by keeping the sheep shel- tered from heavy rains ; but we have not yet attained .that stage in sheep- farming: The sheep-farmer however, should see that his sheep are adapted to his run; that is, he should keep such sheep only as will hold their condition in winter, and not attempt to keep large-framed. sheep on mountainous or inferior country. Sheep that cannot be kept in condition will never pay. Nor should ewes out of condition be ever bred from — the offspring will be delicate and wanting in constitution, from deficiency of nourishment But poor sheep produce the finest wool, and this has often deceived the purchaser of stud stock The skin contracting from loss of flesh, the fibres of the wool are drawn more closely together, the action of the air is excluded, and a thicker, softer, pile produced; Every Sheep-farmer must have noticed the effect on the wool of sheep removed from a poor country to rich pasturage. Nor must the effect of soils on wool be disre- garded. Those graziers who have removed their flocks from the table-lands of this colony to the plains and sand-ridges of the basin of the Darling have been astonished at the change effected in the fleece, which could hardly be accounted for by climate alone. An English writer observes — 'there is no doubt that soil has much influence in producing harsh- ness of the pile. A chalky soil notoriously de- teriorates the softness of the wool. Minute particles of the chalk being necessarily brought into contact with the fleece, and mixing with it, must have a corrosive effect on the fibre, harden- ing and rendering it less pliable.' When sheep were first taken to Queensland the effect on the fleece was very marked. The wool was harsh and dry to the touch, and light in weight, and would only sell in London at a re- duced price ; but in subsequent years these very qualities enhanced its value. The manufacturers had discovered that the absorption of oil from this very dryness, had so far increased the weight as to balance the waste from scouring ; so that Queensland wool of the same degree of fineness was worth more per lb. than that of New South Wales. This deficiency in yolk on the arid parched downs of Queensland, where there is not a tree to afford shade, is doubtless to be attributed to the action of a verticle sun on the skin, though it is quite possible the fine sand taken up by the wool may have its share in the work. Nature supplies oil for the wool, but not in sufficient quantity to cope with a verticle sun and dust together. On the burning plains of the northwest it would be worth while to consider the expediency of erecting camping sheds for the flocks. A few rough posts erected, with a flat roof, formed by boughs and underwood thrown across, would afford shade during the heat of the day, and would be amply paid for by the fleece. If it is true that wool becomes hair within the tropics, the graziers in Northern Riverina and Queensland must be cautious in breeding ' in and in '—every generation will be a step nearer hair. The ewe flocks should be carefully culled every year, and those exhibiting tropical proclivities, or light fleeces, rejected for breeding purposes, and fattened off ; and then, by introducing rams of the best blood from colder districts the retrograde tendency will be retarded, and a fair clothing fleece maintained. But I am not quite sure that by a careful selec- tion for stud purposes of those animals, both male and female, that do not succumb to the climate, but continue to carry a good fleece, that you will not, even without the introduction of fresh blood, maintain a flock that will yield the best return the run is capable of. The sheep will become acclimatised, but the effect of the climate must be watched. To attempt to grow combing wool in those warm regions would be to maintain a conflict against nature. Rams possessing the greatest possible density of fleece, and black with yolk, should alone be used — the yolk preserving the fibre from the action of the sun. I believe the Negretti to be the best sheep for such warm dis- tricts. But whilst I would not attempt to grow combing wool in Northern Riverina, I think, where the climate and pasturage are suitable, a fine combing wool should be cultivated, as being in shortest supply — such wool for instance as Mudgee produces, can only be grown within a limited area, and must always command propor- tionate prices. It would, of course, be folly to attempt to grow combing wool in districts where the sheep cannot be kept in condition in winter, as well as on the parched plains of the interior. Wool, to stand the action of the comb, must be nourished all the year round. If the animal is allowed to fall off in condition, either in winter or summer, the wool will snap with the slightest tension at that part of the fibre then growing when the nourishment failed. In fact, if the sheep are allowed to get very poor, it will probably cast its wool altogether should the improvement in condition be sudden. In using the terms clothing and combing, I must not be understood as advising a departure from the merino sheep. Two graziers starting with sheep from the same flock, one to grow combing, and the other clothing wool, each selecting for breeding such individuals as exhibit in the greatest degree the qualities required — in the course of a few generations each flock will have bent to the will of its owner. My expe- rience teaches me that sheep form no exception to the golden rule that ' Like produces like.' On this theory the author I have already quoted says, — ' Every one who has attended to the breed- ing of domestic animals must have experienced that by careful selection of those from which he breeds, and with a clear and defined conception of the object he intends to effect, he may procure a progeny in which that object will be accom- plished. In the new Leicester breed of sheep, a practical proof of this may be seen in the flocks of Mr. Buckley and Mr. Burgess. Both of these flocks have been purely bred from the original stock of Mr. Bakewell, and yet the difference between the sheep possessed by these two gentle- men is so great that they have the appearance of being quite different varieties — one owner having aimed at attaining merits of one description, and the other having aimed at attaining merits of a different nature.' And again — ' On this principle of selection the breeder will continue to proceed. The good qualities of his sheep, transmitted from one generation to another, are no longer accidental circumstances — they have become a part and portion of the breed, and may be calculated on with the greatest degree of certainty. They con- stitute the practical illustration of the term 'blood.' No animals will elsewhere thrive so well, or improve so rapidly, as on the pastures on which they and their forefathers have, generation after generation, been accustomed to wander.' And, on introducing fresh blood, the author says, — ' He must select a ram from a soil and kind of food not dissimilar to his own, although at a distance perhaps as great as convenience will permit, with points as much resembling his own sheep as may be.' Thus is illustrated that axiom with regard to all our domesticated animals — selection, with judicious and cautious admixture, is the true secret of forming and improving a breed. Nor must any sheep-farmer, however perfect his flock, relax in his watchful supervision of his maiden ewes, before putting his rams in they must be carefully culled. There will be some to reject— individuals exhibiting the characteristics of the original stock from which they sprung, but these individuals will become fewer with every generation. Mr. Youatt says— ' The errors to be avoided are— too long continued and obstinate adherence to one breed; and, on the other hand, and even more dangerous, violent crosses, in which there is little similarity between the soil, the pasture, or the points and qualities of the animals that are brought together.' The most conspicuous instance of success in forming a new type, by the process of selection, is perhaps that of Mr. Bakewell, with the New Leicester. This handsome animal is a purely artificial sheep, made up by judicious selection and rich meadow lands, and perhaps gives the best returns to a given quantity of food of any animal on British pasturage. But, hand the New Leicester over to the Australian shepherd and his dog, and what will he become in two or three generations? Just what his ancestors werel Nature again adapts itself to circumstances — that food which, with rest, supplied fat, will now be required to supply bone and muscle to enable the animal to travel from feed to water, and to run from the shepherd's dog. So, also, the Rambouillet. This sheep is a splendid specimen of what care, good feeding, and intelligent selection will effect — but can this fine figure be upheld on the arid plains of this country ? The check to the sale of rams is the best reply. Much remains to be done in this country with slieep, but the animal must be adapted to the run on which they are depastured, and such only kept as will hold their condition all the year round. It would be waste of resources to attempt to keep the Rambouillet, or the Leicester, on poor or mountainous country. Small sheep might bo kept in fair condition where larger animals would starve. The grazier must again exercise his judgment in creating, by selection, a type adapted to its pasturage, breeding only from such as keep in condition and produce wool. By breeding from very poor sheep, each succeeding generation will get weaker in constitution, and at last will probably die off, a prey to worms and other debilitating diseases. The depression in the wool trade, a few years ago, drove some squatters into the error of massing their sheep, pell-mell, in large paddocks, old and young together. This was a great mis- take. Breeding sheep must be kept properly classed, or the increase will rapidly deteriorate, and after two or three generations will be as wild as the kangaroo. I must not be understood as speaking against paddocking, but against the want of classification, involving indiscriminate breeding from old and young, good and bad. Paddocks should not be so large as to render classification impracticable. If sheep will not pay for care and attention, they will certainly pay less without these essen- tials. The squatter, whose object is to sell and clear out, will go in for numbers ; but the man who wants to derive an income from his flocks must attend to their domestication and improve- ment. The Hon. G. H. Cox, in the first valuable paper, referred to the immense loss sustained by the colony from the inferiority of the bulk of tbe sheep extending into the interior. This is mainly to be attributed to our land laws : the squatter, not being allowed to purchase a pastoral home- stead, breeds up for numbers, with the view of stocking his run, and then going into the market, in the hope, too often illusive, of clearing out with a fortune. With this object in view he breeds from every ewe that has four legs, whether she carries wool or not, and that as long as she lives ; and the rams used will be such as can be procured at the lowest figure. The result is such as Mr. Cox so well described — a large portion of the sheep will scarcely pay for shear- ing. But if the owner of the sheep could also feel himself owner of any considerable portion of his run, his system of sheep-farming would be very different. It is not too much to say that, of the twenty millions of sheep in New South Wales, one-half should be fattened off and replaced by wool-producing animals. Of course this is a work of time ; but estimating the improvement at ninepence per fleece, on ten millions of sheep, we have a clean gain to the colony of £375,000 per year. If there is one article above all other produc- tions deserving the fostering care of Government, that article is wool — one of the most valuable articles of commerce — of great value to this co- lony — of immeasurable value to England. This is eminently a wool-producing country. Prepared by nature for pastoral occupation, and every ani- mal that would imperil the life of the shepherd carefully shut out, our advance in material wealth stands without parallel in the history of British colonisation ; yet the producers of this wealth and prosperity seem to be a proscribed class, scarcely entitled to the protection of the law. Free-selectors are allowed to take possession of their improvements, if under the value of forty pounds, without compensation. And what are the sins of the squatter, that his sheep-stations and reservoirs should be thus confiscated ? Whom has he trespassed on, save the kangaroo ? He has driven back the kangaroo, and occupied his grazing ground by sheep. He has extinguished the bush-fires, and converted the grass into wool. He supplies the entire population with wholesome beef and mutton, at a low price, and the British manufacturer with a raw material that gives em- ployment to thousands — thus enriching both the colony and the mother country. It was wool that built our cities — that brought ships into our ports. It was the squatters who led the way across the Blue Mountains, who encountered the spears of the aborigines, and planted the germs of that ever-increasing source of wealth which has raised the Australias from the miserable penal settle- ment of Botany Bay to the front rank of British possessions. I will now briefly give my own experience in sheep-breeding, and in doing so will endeavour to keep as clear as possible of egotism. I com- menced sheep-farming with the finest woolled sheep I could procure. In tbe year 1848 I selected from the Australian Agricultural Company's flock at Stroud, twelve of their finest woolled rams ; and I have since, on two occasions, imported pure Negrettis. I have also tried, but to a limited extent, the Rambouillet. I found tbe progeny of pure Saxon merino rams delicate in winter ; those from Sturgeon's pure Spanish flock had better constitutions. For the last twenty years I have been endeavouring, by selection, to combine length of staple and fineness of fibre with weight of fleece and weight of carcase. At the first wool show held in this city in 1862, at Mr. Mort's stores, I exhibited six rams' fleeces in the grease, under the motto, 'Genus factum,' averaging 11lbs. 7oz. per fleece. On that occasion I received the following letter from the principal wool-broker : — ' Sydney, 18th January, 1862. Dear Sir,— I think it only justice to your ' Genus fac- tum ' wool to say that, although prevented from being classed for the Commissioners' medal, from its want of fineness; there can be no doubt that it is one of the most profitable wools exhibited ; and by carefully following up the track you are now on, you will undoubtedly attain to what every one is looking for, namely, weight of fleece com- bined with fineness of staple. At the Exhibition held by this Society in 1870, I sent in eight rams' fleeces, in! the' grease, (in the non-competitive class), averaging 12lbs. 13oz. ; and thirty ewes' fleeces (competitive class), the averagewreight of which was 9lbs. 2½oz., as published in the list of exhibits. In:1872 I exhited jsix rams' fleeces, giving the average of thirteen pounds, less one ounce ; and this wool, I may mention, received 130 points for fineness,; beating Mr. Fisher's prize wool by 20 points. . At that tinie the Gamboola wool was selling in Lonat from 15d. to 18d. per lb. in the grease. In the March sales of last year, 54 bales realised 15d. per lb. And as to the value of the carcase — On the 14th May last I sent 700 wethers to the Sydney mar- ket, which sold at 15s. 9d. to 16s. 1d., reported by Messrs. Sullivan and Simpson, in the Sydney M. Herald, as ' much admired, and the best flock we ever saw at Homebush ;' by Harrison, Jones, and Devlin, as ' a few very choice merinos from the paddocks of Mr. J. Smith, averaging 70 lbs. ; ' and by G. M. Pitt and Son, as ' 704 merinos, bred and fattened by Mr. Smith. These sheep were the best ever offered at the Homebush yards, and made from 15s. 9d. to 16s. 1d., being the top figures of the year by over 2s. a head. We quote 56-lb. wethers at 13s.' On the 2nd September I had another lot of 750 wethers at Homebush, sold by G. M. Pitt and Son, at 18s. These sheep were all fattened on the natural grasses, and not on lucerne, as stated by Messrs. Sullivan and Simpson. I have now given the weight of fleece, with price per pound, and value of carcase, of the Gamboola flocks — sheep that have never been crossed by any coarse-woolled breed whatever. The value of the wool, I regret to say, has been very much depreciated within the last few years, by the presence of clover burr, nor shall we see tbe Australian merino in perfection till he is kept within fences, allowed to drink the morning dew, and to choose his own bed at night. The grass seeds, too, are very destructive to the sheep, as well as injurious to the wool, and grass seeds can only be controlled by fencing ; but there are diffi- culties in the way of fencing Crown lands familiar to every grazier, which very much impede sheep farming. The succulent indigenous grasses are disappear- ing as the country becomes occupied, succeeded by the pernicious seed-bearing grass. In disposing of the lands on tbe banks of the western watercourses, I would suggest the expe- diency of reserving sheep roads leading from the table-lands to the Darling River, in order to admit of migrations, as in Spain, as well as to facilitate the passage of fat stock to the markets. The more uniform the climate and supply of food, the better will the strength and elasticity of the fleece be preserved. I must not close this paper without paying a just tribute to the Mudgee breeders. These gen- tlemen have done much for themselves by their attention to their flocks — they have done more for the interests of New South Wales. By the high perfection to which they have brought their fleeces, they have drawn the attention of the whole manufacturing world to our staple product, and thus enhanced the value of all our wool, and imparted a prestige to our productions which this society is wisely disseminating throughout Europe and America, and thus carrying out one great object of the institution. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarat Courier is responsible for the following paragraph, in which the agony is piled on a trifle high : — A gentleman who has just come overland from Sydney gives a fearful description of the state of the country between Goulburn and Albury. For two days the air was murky with smoke, through which the Sun shone like a disc of burnished copper. Where the herbage had not been con- sumed by fire, it was completely desiccated by the drought. In some places, where the soil is composed of an arenaceous clay, the superficial layer, for a depth of 6 or 8 inches, has been transformed into a volatile powder, which quivers and undulates with every breath of air, and rises in blinding clouds when the wind stirs. Anything more desolate than the scene presented along the lines of road cannot well be imagined. Feed there is none. Such cattle as are seen lie panting on the arid ground, their bones staring through their ragged coats, and their pathetic eyes, with a look of indescribable anguish and suffering in them, are cast wistfully towards the brassy heavens, as if imploring the rainfall which would cool their parched lips and reanimate their feeble frames. Here and there charred stumps, blackened scrub, and grass reduced to tinder, show where a wave of flame had swept across the country. Wherever settlement has extended, the selector surveys the ruin which surrounds him with a feeling of wonder and despair. THE TRADE OF POLITICS.— It is over a hundred years since Blackstone, in preparing his commen- taries on the common law, lamented that in England, while a man had to serve an apprentice- ship to any other trade, he was encouraged to think himself fit, without any qualification, for tbe trade of legislator. Here, to be sure, a man does not become a legislator by birth or station. It requires device and effort and knowledge. But, unluckily, the industry of the legislator is all spent in finding out how to get his place — not in preparation to make a good use of it after he has got it. Politics is a trade with us, and a trade which requires an apprenticeship. Only it is not a very reputable trade ; and the appren- ticeship is practice at the mere incidental part of it.— New York World. THE BIG TREES OF MARIPOSA. — The big trees of Mariposa well deserve their world-spread reputa- tion. A law lately passed, and voted unanimously by the Legislature, shelters them both from speculation and from the devastation of the mining companies. Unfortunately, however, it cannot protect them from the incendiary fires of the Indians. But none of these trees can be cut down. There are more than 400, which, thanks to their diameter of more than 30 feet, their cir- cumference of upwards of 90 feet, and their height of more than 300 feet are honoured with the appellation of the Big Trees. Some of them have lost their crown, and been in part destroyed by fire, that scourge of Californian forests. Others, overthrown by tempests, are lying pros- trate on the soil, and are already covered with parasitic creeping plants which are ever ready to crop up round these giant corpses. One of these huge hollow trunks makes a natural tunnel. We rode through it in all its length on horseback without lowering our heads. Another, still standing and green, enables a horseman to enter it, turn round, and go out of it by the same open- ing. These two trees form the great attraction of the tourists. Like the Russian pilgrims in Palestine who have bathed in the Jordan, the tourists, after having passed on horseback through the tunnelly trunk of one of these trees and the interior of the other, strong in the consciousness of having done their duty, think of nothing but instant departure. The greater part of these trees are marked by the inscriptions of different celebrated persons. One of them bears the name of Ferdinand de Lesseps. — ' Ramble Round the World.' M. De Marolles said of a censorious neighbour, ' His mouth costs him nothing, for he always opens it at the expense of others. I wish that some day he would bite his tongue, for then he would poison himself.' 