TELEGRAPHIC MESSAGES. Australian Associated Press Tklksbams. VICTORIA. Melbourne, January 16. The exhibition of paintings by pupils of the School of Design has been opened. A daring attempt to escape from Pentridge Prison has been made by a prisoner named George Howe by cutting through the bolt of a cell. A man named Reid has been burned in the Sultan Hotel, Barry's Beef. The building, whichwas of wood, was entirely destroyed. Melbourne, January IS. Mr. Pugb, Quartermaster of the ship Sobraon, and Mr. Jones, a saddler at Emerald "Hill, have been found drowned by the upsetting of a boat in the river. The Cup Cricket Match, Melbourne v. South Melbourne, has been all in favour of the former. Blackham was struck by a ball on the breastbone and seriously hurt. A new eigbt-oared boat, built by Puller, on the Yarra, is a success. At the next regatta on the Saltwater River, five eight oared craft will compete. The Queen won the yacht race, Mr. JameB Rowley, Chief Warden of the Melbourne Gaol, died suddenly yesterday. Antonio George, a Maltese sailor on board the steamer Pera, has been drowned whilst diving alongside the vessel Geo. Stewart, a prisoner who was brought back from New Zealand per the steamer Otago, on Sunday night escaped at Sandridge. A swagman has been roasted alive at the Springs, Bungaree, by the burning of a store. The Commercial Bank has declared a dividend of 9 per cent. Four additional members have been appointed on the Philadelphia Exhibition Commission. In the Eaton-cum-Wardell embroglio the Government have decided to dismiss Mr. T. A. Eaton, the Chief Clerk and Accountant of the Public Works Department, and censure Mr. W. W. Wardell, the Inspector- j General of Public Works. I Mulett, a boot importer, is missing, and is said to have gone to America. It is stated that about £3,000 is also missing. The Childers, bound from West Kappel to Adelaide with a cargo of Baltic timber, was spoken on December 11. The Provincial and Suburban Bank shows 1 a satisfactory balance-sheet. Sailed—Claud Hamilton. Blondin and Madame Anna Bishop, with their respective companies, left for Adelaide to-day. An extensive fire at Emerald Hill this morning destroyed several buildings in Clarendon and York streets. The losses are estimated at about £6,000, but most of the property was insured. A successful trial was made this afternoon with Porta's fire-escape ladder recently imported by the Corporation. The heat registered in the shade to-day was 105°. Oats are heavy. Flour is worth £11 10s. Melbourne, January 20. The brig Oberlin, 263 tons, of Adelaide, has been wrecked at the north-east end of Hogaa's Island. The crew having been saved were taken to Port Albert. BushfireB have been very prevalent in the country districts. Last night the city was filled with smoke, and to-day the weather is intensely hot. The Southern Insurance Company's report complains of exceptionally heavy losses, yet declares a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum. This has been the hottest day of the season the thermometer having registered 110° in the shade. Mr. Webster, of the firm of Wilkie and Webster, musicsellers, in Collins- street, died this morning. A fire in wooden premises in Roden-street, West Melbourne, has destroyed two adjoin ing houses. The estate of L. H. Lepastrier & Co., wine and spirit merchants, is likely to pay 10s. in the pound. Commercial.—Bnsingss is quiet. Flour and wheat are lower, and sales of the latter have been made at from 4s. 9d. to 4s. Lid. : Maize is likely to be firmer. [From Messrs. It. Goldsbrough & Co.] We have sold 1,400 bales of wool this week. Ordinary to average greasy fetched from 8<L to 12d,; ditto fleece, 15dL to 21£cL Melbourne, January 21. The Parliament has been further pro rogued. Bright Brothers have received a telegram, stating that the steamer Victoria, the largest vessel that has ever visited Australia, is to sail from London on March 3. She is ex pected to make the voyage in 45 days. Daring a bnshfire near Ihglewood, Mrs. Ellis, the wife of a farmer, was so severely burned that she has died. A farewell banquet was given to Mr. McBain, member for the Wimmera District, last night, previous to his departure for Europe. Sir John O'Shannassy presided. A number of light sovereigns are in circu lation. Several cases of sunstroke have occurred, and one has proved fatal. The weather of the past few days has been the hottest ex perienced for 18 years. A fire at North Sandridge early this morning quickly destroyed five wooden houses. A Chinese camp at Campbell's Creek has been burnt, An important Chess Match, for £20 aside, has been arranged between Mr. L. Gold smith, of the Melbourne Chess Club, and Mr. C. M. Fisher, the champion of New South Wales. V will commence next Mon day, and the L ■•,'»yer who wins five games is to get the Sailing—Coorong. Arrived—Aldinga. The intense heat continues, and the water supply is running short. A female miser has died at Fitzroy. Several hundred pounds were found in her house, yet she had lived in a miserable con dition. The Land Mortgage Bank dividend is 10 per cent. H.M.S. Victoria with the members of the Victorian Ministry on board arrived at Hobart Town this morning. At a Sandridge fire this morning the corpse of a child in a coffin was burnt. Commercial. —Little business is being done. At an auction sale of sugar to-day the late rates were maintained. Malt is firm and in good demand at lis. fid. for new. Melbourne, January 22, Night. The steamer Somersetshire has arrived' from London after a fifty-six days' passage. Reports are being received of bush fires in all directions, and selectors have suffered great losses. A change in the weather is impending, but the heat yesterday reached 109° in the shade. 