ILL\AIW?URA. (JIaI-TL'ILV. The Exppriences of an "Eoigrant Meclnraic" \--His sketch of Illawarri--A bush fire-Descent of the Pass--Qerraghty's hut--Routo to the Lake--A" cabbage tree bridge--Slab isplitting--Daiimpr, pork, and tea, with variatiois--E, campment in the thick "bush"- Rain, and its ploasures--" Coinl~anmiou "ia Solitudo"e-Tho hlomestead--Tlie sawyer and his boys-Lords of the Forest- Plainking--" Solid-eye-ball ing"--and counter joys. IN 1826;, or '27, a very different person from Mr. Justice Field--that is, an " Eiigraiit : Mch'ahmiic'--if hle describs himself correctly \--mnade his way to Illawarra, traversed the greater part of it, aisd, for a considerable time, resided and worked-as a sawyer and carpenter-us the very centre of it: •ho had -therefore ample opportunities of notinA its then appoaranco and condition, its, forests, homestoads, and people, anid state'of society. And in a Work which le .. published--a largo portion of which is do ,. voted to an account of the district--he :i.:ha presented a graphic picture of the sceinery and inicidents tlhs observed #: .I9InginO," lie writes, "theelolighit with w!hich, after being: unsuccessful for about three weeks, I got my first job in the :C6!0ony. At the .poriod of my lauding m 't of t~lm largo settlers wore up the colhntry, on their farms; -nsd I had in, a'.'cclquimtanco in Syddney fromn whom I could hear of emiploymient. But the hlmd i lord of the public-houise (whieme I wont • every inorning to look over the advertise ments, in, hope of finding soimotlling that would suit me), had boon brought up to tie same trade as myself ; iid, kinowing what kind of work I was seekimig, lie rocom .:.,'mended me to a customer of his, who ' had come up from the Five Islsnids with a boat- load of cedatr, and wanted a'hut put up for his family: they had baosn there some time, but hmadbeon living hitherto under a few shoots of bark, "Thme Five Islands (by the Aborigiuoe called Illa.Warra) is a tract of New South " Wales, a short dIstanice south of Sydnecy, on the sealcoast, and so named from flve Islaids which lie a short distance off, in. 'nlediately abrd'at of it, It may be do ,,~~sribOd loosely as'i plot of the riehest soil, ''' bounded on' one sido. by the sea, and on ";"·thIe other' by enormous massds of mosui .tain, confusedly heaped together. Those ;- : are covered either with dense dark forests, or low bushsydcrb, with flats of swampy ': tabl6.]mnd' thnd gloomy ravines, into whoso d.eipththeo eyb casnot roach, TIme soil is ,excellent. I hlive heard some of the ,- s:?ettlorssay,that thoyoould dig down 40 foot " ?Ithro~.gh the soil of their fanns, on this sea "':"."sidd tract, without finding a stone as largo as a.pda. Little crystal brooks of the c."; ColdOstalsid purest water, imaking their way . out" of 'the moumtain reservoirs above, tra ,ers o.tho ground at all seasons of the year, in their passage to the sea, It was thore , fore part of the publio policy to grant :'"farms in this distriot to a number of little i"', settlers, for a poor man's use of land is at hlr y ist agrlultural, and a fertile soil must be !/ an Immense 8'dvantago :. iid, amidst the " wild, dark gullies of the mountain, aid ai? alOitg the solitary course of the cool ,,: shadowy streams, grew at that time great * 'nuebers aof rich anid massive cedars, the priceoof tlsetiisbsr of which wes so high 'isu.as to osuntorbalanoo,'in the minds of the ; 'hardy working men of the Colony, the :" difflcultios, toils, and perils of prosuring it : for the Sydney market, " M-i "" ,y agreement with Mr. -- (the :'I::, settler who' now wanted a lit put up) was soon made: I was to proceed to Illh ¶'. Y ( Warm, andorset for himnaiouso of sudh and :;' sush timber, of so many fest in length,.so I .:n. mtyinhroadth,andso mnanyinhoglght, o,; a-nd ha was to pay me £75, supply me with :, rations it a sate specified for each artlcle, · 'lend monel of'his conaviet sorvants to as: :'s:iiit en qotting down and ?plitting the i t. stl uchr, ?lii other worlk requirimig two ''hands, and dnuw out of the bush the split A::8tuiff, &e;:, as soon as it wss ready, Theo . .,,bargaln thms far concluded, and having :?s cmn my tool chest, and clothes, ioe, aboard a boat, I started, along with Dllrk, ·ono of M: °* r, ----s men, by land, for the Five le . Ilands," S ' e "St~lhr, ansi Cauivsls or tleu Itesalos. ,thin.et ?. fuslonns Years' hepirloeos In the "'ustnahiaa hhiuoLunh,1, bg sa hlhnugranl ,.n.a,io , 0"-re very ollis wrlitr, wheothr li " ay a,, "Pd'eslo o, r " st no)-aind It ih tie. i ,JnaOid hle Imninngotl So s fe Ihihiar grado In " o rI lllly st lo -, el ' " Tltoir journey from Sydnecy to Liver pool, and tlenco to Camapbolltown, i s thou described; but I shlull merely quote the following vivid account of one incident by thu ay :-a "Before our departure from Liverpool, about soven in the evening, I heard the people talking of the fire that was burning in the bush, and saw numnbers of them assombled in grouls, pointing out to each other its progress across the aldjacent cous try, And whle we were two Iours out, anud were intersecting a tract of bush'tlhat the fire had already swept tlhrough, I had a full opportunity of examining the lln sight which was displayed. Our road was about the width of an 'English second-rate turnpike road. Above us the sky was gloomy and still; all around us the far stretching forests exposed a strange amid varied pageant of daruiness and fire, ac compauiiel by the crackling of flamas and the crash of falling trees. Hero was a bridge over a deep crook, now empty with smnmer drought, with all its huge sleepers glowing iii red charcoal, and tumnbling to getlhr imito heaps in the channel, and carrying do'vn with them the top layer of slabs that, covered with cartlh, 1had formed tIme roadwasy: over these we hlid to leap and clamboer IL we could, unless there was soime track down across the creek-bed, by tIhe side of the bridge. Ouice, Dick was very nluo-y in a furnuace of rod charcoal ull to ilis middlo, or rather ihe mess iin ; for the ground sank bomenatlh hmis feet ; but, with that admirable priesence of mind which a rough lifo gene-ally eiigciiders, ihe flung himself, while sinking, forward omi hlis haids, on to a solid spot, aid instantly drew Isis legs up, aid sprang forward. Hero, again, soelne hugo old tree came tlsndmring down right across the road; aud its boughs Iindling from the opposite side were iu full roaring blaze, liglstinug up everything nigh with ruddy brillianee, aid throwing, into tIe dense volume of smoke above, a rod semi-transparency. Farther on 'gain, where the bush was thinner, and tie materials for ravage more scanty, the lire lad nearly sebsided, all was. obscure cud silent, except some single trunk, ofi' in the bush, hollow and old, amnd headless, through whose chiimuaey-lko barrel wont upwards with fierce steady roar a volume of flnme and crowds of sparsls into the blackness of night; and then, allen a and den, the fire would reach a cluster of ti-se. heads as yet untouched, and., go blazing and craokllng oud leaping through them intil notliug was loft for it to devour, The heat was iii unlany places intenes, asud the smolee in others suffocating; whilst snakes, guanas, baenicoots, oposulune, &c.;, were crossing the road in every direction, such in its natural dumbnues orwith its wild weauk cry of feaes. Iii oneo placs wem sw a1 very large opossum (in the laiguoge of the country 'an old man 'possum') on the edge of a lofty hollow tree-trunk, that lad boon no doubt his homo, 'out of which, und alongside him, as he moved to and fro to avoid it, the increasing fire lept ever and anon shooting up its pointed tongues : we stood watehiug him uutil the poor animal, no longer able to endure the torture, leaped to the grounud, a height of full forty foot, whore, to uny astoniament, after lying an instant motionless, lie pioked himself up uiddenly,thou fol again ?nd rolled ovsr and over three orbfour times, cnd finally w.ent off like msd ueroea the b?slh, I have silice fouid that the gift of those animals in this way is perfectly woildorful, "At nearly twelve o'eoleoo at night we roached Cauinpbolltown --where they got supper and beds, "After breakfast next morning, we lit our pipes, started once smore, aud reached Appin by noon ; our way having still lain between forests in souui places,. und in otlhos over flio, lofty, olouroel, aud iult. vatod hills, hlong- a good turnpiko soed, After dininer, which we toole at thle little Iss of the eottlomont, we atucsh off dong a wild bush trade, direct for thue coast moustaiuns; for it should be statod,altlhouglh our journey wss fmro one sone- lde plase to auotlhor, we haldsmude it by a wvide swoop inlad, and not~ is.-a direetiou parallel to tho coast; thle countryy immediately be. hindwhule, lin this part of Now South Wnloes, boilig so bjroeokn amd nmountainous as theu tO nlbord tf0 lcaotial traoli Indeod; I could notbut Wonudorlliow thi0 rpusd. we were now pursulng, from Apiulu towards the eoast had bhoci dlsoovorod, I was not thsia aware thut thd Aborlglmibsare so well irishsniutod $i'th thie buahgae to be able to point out the best tracks in any direction After travelling through dense andi lofty forests of rich soil, over dwarf brush and scrub, on stony hills and sandy plain?s, hare rocks - and rushy swamsps, we caIne towrard sundowln to the entrance of tlh thick brush of the llla-Warrl inountain atbovo Bulli. I recollect being struck, ao we made our way to the brink of thue dc scent, by ai sudden sense of a most delicious scent of munk ; and oi calling Dtck's at tention to it, le stopped and plucked a leaf from a beautiful slender shrub, whose, long shoots overhung our path, and gave it to me to smell. It was a tree musk scented, and to such aL degree th'at the leaves which I put in my pocket-book, a'nd carried away with me, retained their agree able odour when I examined them many montlis afterwards. We now soon camto to the edge of tie mountain. At one spot we stood on the brink of a precipice of vast depth, and saw down sbslow us the mighty sea diminished into insignificance, aslmost lilcothowatersof alower world, The mountain, at tihe spot we w'ent down, is pretty closely timbered, and the trees are lofty: no'graos grows beneath them, as is usually the ease ,whero the forest is suffi ciently dense to keep thee ground under continual shadow. In the midst of our dcscesut, which was so steep as to compsl us ii some places to stop ourselvoes aginst the trees, I was ceurprised to recogniso the tracks of dray,-whiocls, for it was evidently impossible that any beast could back a dray-load down such a steep. My fellow traveller, however, informed me that thie dray,hmad been lot down by ropes fixed to it, and passed sronnud the trees ; tIhe shaft bul lock merely holding ip the shafts. I was glad at length to fimd myself at tihe foot of ths mion tain. I thilmk I neyer felt any thing more difficult to bear tham thie strain on ths lnes-joints occesioied by tlio de scout ; it was not exactly pain, but somes thiiig worse, (To be Coneiml.ued, ) 