TILE B USII FIRES. Til SANDIIUaRST DISTRICT. The Bendigo Advertiser of Friday says: -"'The large and extensive bush fires re ported in yesterday's issue had abated their fury somewhat considerably yester day, with one or two exceptions. The fire which on Wedlnesday evening placed Thrnmas' Ialfvway house and other adja cent piroperties on the Inglewood roadu in imminent danger, was stopped during the early part of the day through the fire having reached one of the roads in the neighbourhood. The most disastrous news came from Whipstick. A gentleman who yesterday visited that locality informs us that the ravages being committed by the destructive element were somethiug ap palling. As is the usual case, the small selectors are the greatest sufferers. Sone of these have been burnt out completely, no vestige whatever being left of what only the day previous were the scenes of happiness and contentment, and the only and that very hard earned, means of ex istence of several large families. Our informant states that there is not a fence in the whole locality but what was either destroyed, or in the net of being destroyed at the time of his leaving. The fire was still raging furiously, and the excitement amongst the residents was great. Soane idea of the extraordinary strength of the fire may be gathered from the fact that the same gentleman heard the crackling of the burning timber fully three miles away from the fire. Early yesterday morn ing another fire broke out in a south westerly direction fromn Marolg, at the back of the Melnsie Reef. Large volumnes of smoke were to be observed rising fronl the ranges all day, and the heat rould about was intense. The greatest losers by this fire are the woodearters, who in some instances have had stacks of wood destroyed which had been accumulating for somle months. This misfortune must have proved very trying to the men, who have worked hard and devoted all their elnergies in putting by a store for a rainy day. The fire had not been extinguished late last'.night, notwithstanding the exer tions of a large force of able and willing menr who mustered on the scene. In the direction of Bridgewater-on-the-Loddon there were signs of an extensive conflagra tion, and it is to be feared that should it turn out to be so fierce as reported that an incalculable amount of damage will be done, considering that the place is one mass of farms. Reports from Woodend and Macedon state that the fires .of yesterday are still raging, and with every sign of spreading. On each side of the line for miles fire and smoke is to be seen, and the heat is terrible. CRESWICK. The Creswick local papers report: "A most serious fire was raging among the farms situated, between the Tea Tree and Eastern Hill on Tuesday aind WTednesday last, destroying several thou sand acres of valuable grass and miles of fencing. It commenced on Tuesday morning, in the grazing paddock leased by Mr Belcher from the Smleaton Estate, and known as Bateman - -e .Lcly destroyed the shephelld ?- alive an uufortu tl?? ' *s eepyards' soon llhjt and the fiery I?pnient made trac? fig the long grass , covered the t d acres cons this por tion I estat' to the ad joinin j @ i 1 o Ml r Clirles Murray,s his loss at £100 for fences; and about the same for grass. By dint of great exertion on .the part of neighbours, the crops and dwelling of Mr M'Nichol were saved, as was also Mr Watmore's dwelling. The heaviest suotf ferer by the fire is. Mr J. Belcher, who, 'in'addition to the loss of several hundred acres of.splendid grass, has two or three miles of: tencing, more or less, destroyed. Mr Boyd had 280 acres of grass burnt, and a long stretch of log fencing. Mr Mur nane has'lost about 100 acres of grass. Mr Delaney rented a very large paddock, 'known as M'Coll's old paddock, consisting of several hundred acres, much of which is-destroyed, with a great part. of the fences. The whole of the grass in Mr. Geo. Ilepburn's paddock, consisting of 140 acres, was burnt, and most of the boundary and division "fences. No such alarming fire as this has visited the dis trict for several years, and the only re deeming feature in itis that up to Wed nesday night -no crops had. been burnt, although in some places only a few hull dred yards intervened between- them and the fire. SWe learn, on what we consider reliable authority., that Messrs. Graves and Fra zer's mill was on fire yesterday afternoon, and there' was not the slightest prospect of extinguishing it. Mfr Walker's public house, also near the mill, was burnt downi. The Victoria mill in -the forest, the pro perty of Mrs Mills,, met a similar fate.'.. S DAYLEBFORD. ..The Dayleaford. Mfercanyj.reports : -. So far as we haveleJariedi . the following are the tiiatlcul'as- of the. losses in this district:-"ir J. . H..Wheeletr had three miles of'trsmway buruiotd, -and..withdilli- culty saved his .Iawernmill froiah Tdestrt'c tion. Mr I. Dyer lostat his farm,. Larry's lill, the produce of seventy.acres ot'oats,. valued .at £500. Mr BIromley, a neigh bourn, also.had the whole crop of hay off a twenty.-acre paddock burned. IIHeesti mat~sie hthilosesr at £250. 5Ir Westicott, a farmer, bf the same jilace, lost all his fencingl. . . ' . . . On MIonday a- fire: broke out at three miles down Kangaroo Creek, and consumed the house, crop and :feihciig of iMr Calli ghains. He estimates the damage at £750, and he.'is left entirely destitutd:, Mr Cheeres hits ahl lost hishouse, culttinvatig crop, etb., destroyed; and butifor.'the gal lant manner in which Mr .Whteler and his men battled with theflames, the house and stables would have been lost. He esti plates his loss at £f50. Mr A' Campbell, of Mtisk Creek, saved his house, but has nevertheless. ufflred heavily. Mr Dines, of the same neighbourhoud, has lost his stacks and everything else. All Mr Orr's outbuildings were burned, and also his crops and fenciug, and bitt for M WYheler and his men, the dwelling would also have been destroyed. Mr Or estimates his loss at £300. Mr Richardson has lost every thing except his dwellinghouse, and Mr Coglan also was a satitrer. The forest was alight on both sides of Ithe road between the Junction and Deep Creek; and Mr Wilkins of Vincentstreet, who was on his return from Ball:trat, says the heat and the smoke were fearful. fBy great exertion he managed to drive his horse through. The fire also raged at Blanket Flat and consumed, among other places, that of lr Hllgh Datson. A piece of lighted bark, which blew acro-s the road from a tree, falling on his roof, soon set the whole premises in a blaze. Mr James Johnston's hotel, at Sailor's hill, was also burned. Mr Mayson also lust the fence round his paddock, and Mr G. B. Smith's slaughteryard was destroyed. ![r Peschta's place, Sailor's Hill, had a narrow escape, and was only saved by the exer tions of the ncighbaurs. OTIER DISTRICTS. The Ballarat Star learns from a private letter that the recent hot weather had done a great deal of damage amongst the selectors in the Ecehuca district. One.l selector writes that his time is occupied in burying dead sheep and cattle which have perished trom want of sufficient food and water. The Geelong Advertiser says :-" Smoke all around us yesterday denoted that bush fires were raging, and reports were re ceivedl in town about fires having been :een in almost every direction, travellers on the Colac road having been almost suffocated by the smoke. An extelnsive buhl fire swept over the Sheoak ranges. It commenced early on Monday morning on the east side of the Mooraboul ltiver, and a considerable quantity of fencing be longing to selectors has beenl burned. 'l'lhe heat was so intense that the neighbour hood could not be approached without difficulty, if not danger. "'The bush-fires to the westward," re ports the Pleasant Creek News of Thurs day, "are still somewhat alarming in their magnitude, and the Grampians will be al most stripped of herbage and undergrowth from end to end. 'TLice fires have now reached the sunmuiits of some of the ranges, and the spectacle at night is im posing' and grand'. The greater iurla of the pastorage on Ledcourt rim hlas beena destroyed, and from reports the hmre sta tion is by no means safe. Nearer Stawell, fires have been coning closer than was at all pleasant to the residents of Deep Lead and Welshman's Flat. In the vicinity of the Band of Hope and Junction claims the residents had their fi'urniture packed on carts in readiness it ftight, while all the availlhdde force was engaged in combating the- lhmnes." . . . ... . ... . . 