Although there is perhaps not one iu a thousand who has a lore for statistics in the abstract, or who would even wade through a column of figures if he could find a decent pretext for skipping it, we venture to direct attention to the tables published in our columns of the 6th instant as coa fjfljfiinqp informafson of surpassing interest in reference to the material progress of Western Australia, That the foreign trade — reckoning imports and exports together — of our Bmali community should for a single twelve month reach a total value of close upon £800,000 sterling is a fact upon which we may fairly felicitate our selves. Not only do the figures form ing this aggregate afford evidence of commercial activity, but they indicate the possession of a producing and con suming power of considerable vigour. It is true that 1874 was something more than an average year, but with moderately good seasons and reason ably remunerative 'markets for our produce, we may fairly expect to realise year by year increasing satis factory respite. The resources of the colony are practically limitless, and, hnmanly speaking, all that we want for their development is population. Let that multiply in a ratio propor tionate with out requirements — or, in other words, with the capacity of the country to afford it profitable em ployment — and our commerce, instead of being reckoned as worth so many units of thousands annually, will rapidly rise in value to a million, and even many millions sterling. It is such facts as are disclosed in the statistics to which we allude that show how strong are the claims of this hitherto ranch-slighted colony upon the attention of intending emi grants. They bear eloquent testimony to the substantial character of tbe rewards which wait upon industry directed into natural and proper channels. Referring to the exports it wOI be seen that they amounted to the un precedented total of £400,631— more than £120,000 sterling iu excess of the total for the preceding year, and folly double tbe average of the decennial period. TLe most significant increase appears in our staple articles of export — wool, sandalwood, tiruber, j-earl-shells, and lead ore. In no other item is there any marked up ward tendency. Wool has increased to the extent of £35,451. In 1673 we exported sandalwood to the value of £48,000; during tbe year ending 30th September last, the value of sandalwood exported is set down at £66,922. Onr timber trade is at last in a fair way of development, a fact that must doubtless prove a source of satisfaction aud encouragment to those who have spent and lost ti.ouey iu tbe industry. Whereas the total value of timber exported during 1873 was only £ 3,oG8, last year the value reached £18,435 — an increase of over five hundred per cent. Our exports of pearl-shells in 1873 valned £2*';b&J;, whereas iu 1874 ibis important in dustry produced a revenue from ex portation of £59,19S. Iu lead ore again there is an encouraging increase The exports of ore for the j'eareuding 30th September, 1873, amounted to 942 tons, valued at £11.204; in IS74 we exported 2,218 tons, of the estimated value of £'2-},62i. Nor must it be supposed that these latter figures represeut the entire produce of the mineral districts of the colouy duriug a twelvemonth, as a large pro portion of ore remains iu the frauds of merchants owing to the scarcity of shipping to convey it away. The erection of smelting xforks at Cham pion Bay will to a great extent obviate this drawback. While, ou tbe one hand, the figures we have quoted bear eloquent testimony to the satisfactory develop ment of sur staple iudustries ; while also the return of imports exhibits an almost equally inaiked improvement as that of exports, still it must be admitted, on the other baud, that there are many items in the tabulated statement of imports which manifest . a lamentable lack of enterprise on the part of the colonibts. When the notion once possesses a people that they cannot produce - the .articles required in the consumption of daily life, it is astonishing will what per tinacity they hold to the belief, and act upon it too. It certainly has not been for lack of assurance that all cultivation was useless that so little has practically been done to render the colouy self-supporting in the pro duction of agricultural crops. We have had that dinned into our ears year after year, until it almost became an article of faith. Happily, the fallacy is being rapidly dispelled by experiment, and the farmer is begin ning to open his eyes to the fact that there is ample room for the disposal of all that be can grow, and that, if he chooses, be can grow it. Looking at the tabnlated statement before us, let us consider for a few moments what an ecoruoos amount of consumable articles are yet imported into the colony that can with ease be produced within its boundaries. Last year we imported £1,064 worth of bran autf pollard; £321 worth of hay; £291 worth of meal; £649 worth of pota toes; £951 worth of corn and grain ; butter to the value of £2,103 ; cheese wo, paid £1,275 for iu 1873, and £1,721 last year. Daring the latter period dried fruit cost us £2,073 And so, rouuiug through a variety of articles, we find large amounts ex pended in importing into the colony ?what might just as well be grown aud produced by ourselves. Last year alone there was a sum sent cut of the colony for cereal and dairy products which represent the wages of at least two hundred people, and there is the further fact that production is par alysed for want of that labor. These iigercs clearly point ont that it is indeed time to bestir onrselres to enter upon tbe land, and to possess it — possess it in the right sense of the term — draw from it the yield which it is intended to give, aud make it smile with the yellow barrest that gladdens the fruitful field. PnouErEvrLY among the dangers of the hot season we are sow passing through, and, perhaps, the one which most strongly addresses the imagination, is .that of fire. Such weather as we have been experiencing lately, by its in tensely dessicating influence, converts everything that is. combustible into nearly the condition of tinder. All that is wauted is a convenient spark, and everything is ready for its re ception. It is impossible to overrate the danger from this cause. It extends from the arid plain — where the thin herbage readily ignites from tbe carelessly-dropped match, and the flames spread as fast as a horse c&h; go — to the house in town, where all the woodwork is reduced to a state of drynesss eminently conducive to the commencement of a fire that, once started, may destroy whole blocks of houses. Must we wait for such a catastrophe before we have a Fire Bri gade organized in the metropolis of the colony ? We did hope that the recent destructive fire at the late Mr. Biecb'b dispensary, and its melancholy conse quences, would have stirred np Hie public to take some step towards the establishment of efficient means to save life and property from the flames. We hear of no Each step being taken. With respect to means of fireprotec tion tbe city is left to the mercy of any careless or criminal citizen. Hence the greater necessity for impressing upon the mind the fact thattheonlysafegnard against the danger of fire is incessant watchfulness, iu the place of which we too often find reckless indifference. Mothers who want to go ont for a day consider it a proper arrangement to lock np their children in tbe house — perhaps a wooden one — with a fire burning, or with matches at hand. Men may be seen lighting their pipes in yards and stables, contiguous to dwelling houses, and then throwing down the match to burn itself ont amidst inflammable materials as dry as paper. These are only one or two instances ont of many in which the same shameful carelessness is sliown. At a time when the dangers of fire are aggravated at once by the dryness of all material and by the shortness of water, it behoves all seriously, lay strict precaution, to reduce the danger to tbe lowest, and to enforce, as far as they can, a similar carefulness upon all over whom they can exert influence. Nor should this safegnard of in cessant watchfulness be confined to towns and centres of population. Bushfires, and the destruction they cause to life and property, could be guarded against, if persons travelling through the country only displayed a little more care in their doings. .Every colonist onght to know by this time the danger cf kindling fires in the grass, and no doubt he dees. Bnt there is such a failing in the human race as forgctfulness, aud the Govern ment might do worse than adopt a practice resorted, to iu some of the neighbouring colonies, of placarding the country, at tbe beginning of sum mer, cautioning travellers against lighting fires in the vicinity of grass and bush, and o&eringa; heavy reward for a coui-ictiou. A sensibly sugges tion alwj comes from one of our Ajjri cnkcru.1 Societies relative to this very snhject — namely, that tbe Go\\-ernnieut should define and declare certain fixed localities for cainning-grjuiids ou the various lines of traffic throughout the colony — a very uc-cessary piece uf prudence and precaution. Half the summer is yet before us U* got thronsjli, and it is surely not asking travellers of all kinds too much to be careful where and how they kindle tirei, and at tbe same time to enjoin upou iliem the advisability of extiiiguishinpf tho embers when these fires have saerred tbc-ir purjKJse. The trouble of taking a little precaution is not much to then:, whilst it may make uli tbe difference between comfort aud ruin to those |ttrsous who possess farms and *ifati«.»-is which ha-ppeu to lie in tbe neighbour hood of their peregrinations M«-rc than oue buaufire, aud the destruction it caused, during the present liut season, mi^lit liavc been averted if persons travelling' tlirongh the country jJ& had only displayed a little mure watch- ^^ fuluess. The perils of these bush con flagrations is oue that is easily reduord by precautions which are within thu reach of all. They may be summed up in the word carefulness. lit tlio interest of our fanners and squatters we commend its practice to the con sideration of travellers. Nor are our farmers themselves altogether blameless in the precau tions they adopt against losses by fire, especially in their stupid custom (-f huddling grain stacks together, so that if one catches fire all are easily burnt. The only reason given for (Jit* inenrreuce of the risk iuvolved iu building all the stacks together is — convenience in threshing. But sur*:1y . this is not a sufficient reason witb men who are prudent. The farmer ploughs and harrows, sows and mown, abides the seasons, waits upon rains, drought, red rust, aud what not be sides, and having weathered all chances and gathered in the product of his toil under the benediction of Providence, flouts that Providence in the face by piling np all his harvested wealth to gether in one place, and when fire jm comes the chances are a thousand to- '^ one against any portion of the crop being saved from destruction. Some farmers, we know, are not thus foolish, bnt build their stacks wide apart, and thus give themselves aud the fire fighters a chance. This is the more necessary, seeing that in most cases tlie stackyati is not in the neighbor hood of an adequate supply of water. It is really a matter for astonishment that the itusta.net of self-preserratiou does not in all cases lead onr farmers to adopt a more rational- method in tbe disposal of their stacks. Now that tbe season for the holidays has passed, and uudcr circumstances favorable for enjoyment, the work of the year begins, and we may be par doned if we intrude upon our readers a less cheerful homily than we preached them when the jocund season of Christmas was at its height. At the bottom of tbe festive cup there must have beeu an after-taste of bitterness which occurred to the imagination of many a Paterfamilias as he drained it. In a. few days, if he has not done so already, be will receive certain billets from the grocer, the draper, aud the rest, perhaps headed with the ominous words — 'To amount rendered.' The tailor will probably send to request payment of that little bill, the milliner will present her ?compliments, aud hope that it will be convenient for Mrs. ? io settle; the storekeeper will plead for pay ment, as be has a large bill becoming dne the day after tomorrow — it is & remarkable fact that tradesmen always have bills falling due at the most awkward times. Happy is tbe man. that can take np bis file of accounts at the end of she year and find nothing in it ! For him tbB year must csnrely dawn witb greater brightness than for others, and he can wateh tbe young ones gambolling about him. with unmixed glee. But in this colony a deficiency of die circulating medium is a common com plaint even among those whose balance sheet would show a surplus of assets over liabilities; and for this the nndne laxity of onr credit system is to blame. Credit, considered in itself, is the very life-blood of modern trade, which would stagnate, and cease to be, without it. It is by means of credit that a man makes bis fortune *0 or files his schedule; and though the latter contingency happens too fre quently, it is in every case owing to tbe want of judgment or of honesty with, which a man makes use of his credit, and not to any weakness of the prin ciple of thus anticipating the future. The Mahometan trader eschews credit in all its form?, and prefers to deal iu actual values ; bat we Christians, who are not guided by the Koran, believe in making a profit whenever we can do so honestly, and practise credit to its fullest extent. But it is one thing to obtain goods or money on fixed terms, as tradesmen do from mer chants, and quite another to ran op accounts and allow them to remaiu unpaid six, nine, twelve, or eighteen months. This is the weakest point in our ordinary way of doing business, and it involves a loss to the whole community. Yet it is difficulty -to attach blame to individuals. Bbown wants his money from Jokes ; Jokes in his turn would be glad to pay if he could collect what Bobiksok owes him. If KOBKSOJf could pay, here are three people at least whose minds would be ^r\ made easy.- Bnt, alas, Robixsos is ^^ dependent on his receipts from Smith, Smith from Skiggiks, and so on to the end of the chapter. Thus it is that the accepted system rather than individuals that is in fault; and there are many Asfokios whose bonds are forfeit* not because they are to blame, bat because their ships do not come into port according to their just and reasonable expectations. To do any good, tbe screw would be reqnired to be put on ail round ; and this, though a severe, would prove a salutary operation. It is ouly gra dually, hoirever, that this evil of a too extended credit can be abated. Very little reflection will suiUce to convince any one that credit must be paid for, directly or indirectly ; and If this were once thoroughly understood, the natural resnlt would be to curtail the system as much as possible. 