Agriculture, Pastoral, The Weather and GropB. Tins dry, hot 'weather which for the last month we have bad to report as prevailing in the metropolitan district oon tinued up to Tuesday last, when a change seemed impend ing, and during the Bight a thunderstorm bronght a few refreshing showers. The fall was anything but heavy, but the muoh lower temperature, a&d; the aspect of the bUbb on Wednesday, flattered the hope that more rain would soon reach the thirsty land. Little work is going on either in the field or garden, owing to the dryness of thesoiL In the orchard the fruit still looks well, and is fast being bronght to market. Should the flying foxes be moderate in their raids upon the crops, and no heavy gales blow off the ripening fruit, the yield will be so abundant ae- to justify the steps being taken to preserve a surplus. The vineyards are still healthy, and afiord the prospect of a good harvest. From Narrabri it is reported by the Herald of the 21th ultimo that the weather has been fine, and the temperature for the time of the year moderate. The wind, variable in the extreme, has taken a tarn in every quarter, and fre quently from the southward, in which direction the clouds have made several futile efforts to bank up for rain. The air is, and has been, most unpleasantly dry and parohing, occasional . puffs of wind ooming up like miniature oven blasts, and scorching one, sirocoo fashion. Bain is very badly wanted. Tbe black soil is netted over with fissures unfathomable. Grass and vegetation are in a shocking poor way, and stall no sign of any approaching change. . Great anxiety is expressed lest the Christmas and New Y«ar's rains should fail to put in their wonted appearance, in which case matters pastoral and agricultural will look rather queer. By last Saturday's Bathunt Free Tress, we learn that the weather stall continues very dry, and the cry out for rain is becoming very general. Bush fires are raging in several parts of the district, and the farmers in some casas have had considerable trouble . to keep the destroyer from . their homesteads and crops. An unexpected visitor, in the shape of a heavy boat, visited the district on Thursday morning, and we have received intelligence from the country that the young corn has been cut off by it. On Friday morning, also, there was a elight frost; and between these visitations and the continued dry weather, fears are entertained, that the agriculturistB will suffer severely. The Cambewarra correspondent of the Shoalhaven Xewt, 26th ultimo, writes that the weather still continues very dry— -co much so that in some oases, where the land was prepared far maize, it still remains unplanted, and where, slanted it is making a very poor appearance. The grass has almost disappeared, the paddocks \- in some places aie as brown as if ploughed, and the cattle as a consequence are getting vary thin. Almost the last of the grasshoppers, or locusts, have dis appeared from amongst .us (says the Pastoral Times of . Saturday), and the prevailing impression is that they have left no ova behind diem here; consequently we may ex neottoba free from invasion by these pests, we hope, for several yean to come. The damage they did here is somsthinr enormous ; it would fill our sheet if we re corded all we hear of the pests. In only two instances that we know of have gardens been protected against the ravages of the invaders. At Bellmgeramble (Lachlan district) Mr. Haines succeeded in burning or smoking them off. He got loads of green and dried boughs, and, by constantly keeping np a dense smoke around the gar den and in it, at places, 'the locusts were deprived of the rijasueofdertroying a year's produce of a very fine gar Sen: fruit, as well as vegetables, were chiefly preserved. At Zara, near Deniliquin, Mr. Officer kept six men at work for weeks, fighting against the destroyers. He, too, was re warfedfor to imins, at a oost approaching £100. At Lie wah (Mr. Croswiek'a station) they were not so fortu nate. There were, among other vegetables, some y«ry fine turnips and carrots growing m (lie guden. The turnips, to protect them, were covered with earth, the tops «f the leaveTakoe being exposed, and the wrrot beds had emptvacks thrown over them, thus Mr. Mackenzie went to bed, sternly defying the general enemy. Alas! tray ate down into the turnips through the exposed leaves, and destroyed tbe bodies thereof. As for the cam* bedsj the locntts first of all ate the sacks and then took ^carrots ?* a dessert Nearly etery garden in town and district has ben swept of ite produce. Everything green .that could be daatued seemed to have special attractionB-«rMii r- windoTiWs, safe coreo, aid all light fancy work of ttu. « colour the locusts seized on. It was even unpleasant, so we are told, for anyone to be caught in the streets j of Deniliquin wearing green spectacles. 'The locusts - had! a particular 'down' on those 'wearing of the ? green.' We are muoh afraid that the loousts are only tbe precursors of another great evil, and that is droughty weather and dry seasons, for Btormsof wind with no rain revive very unpleasant remembrances of past years, when, day by day, and month after mouth, the earth, as was said of old, appeared as iron and'.the heavens as ! brass. From the westerly portion of the Murray district we learn through the Echttea Herald of the 23rd ultimo that the average yield of wheat is calculated at about | twenty bushels per acre. Sir. Mitchell's orop suffered ' severely from two causes, and was at one time almost ? given up. A hundred acres were ultimately reserved for grain, although, shortly after sowing (owing to the lodg ment of water from the early heavy rains and bad drainage) a large proportion of the seed was washed to the surface and rotted, and again, just as the hay harvest was in, a ! most unwelcome visitation of grasshoppers still further '. damaged the crop. Mr. Mitchell estimates that the flood ing of the land in the first instance lost him one and a quarter to two bags to the acre, while the grasshoppers took at least another bag. The thrashing was finished on Monday night, and, we are glad to say that, in spite of the drawbacks enumerated, the hundred acres turned out : three hundred and fifty bags, or at the rate of about four- : teen bushels to the acre. None of the neighbouring crops j that we know of will be worse, and therefore none will be , below a paying minimum ; while on the other hand many of the early sown patches will equal and even exceed Mr. Mill's maximum. At the Terricks, the prospects of an abundant yield are most cheering. We learn that Mr. Jost.ua James Jewell, of Mitiamo, thrashed out eight hun dred asd fifty bags ef oats, wheat, and barley, the pro! noe of about one hundred and fifty acres of land, or equal to, say, twenty-four bushels to the acre. At Goulbura (says the Herald of Wednesday) the weather oontinues hot and dry. It. is now a long time since we have been favoured with rain, and the waterholes are dried up, and the grass is becoming brown and like tinder. Bush-fires have been very frequent, and have approached the town more closely than on any previous occasion, burning off the grass in BlackBbaw's paddock. Mr. George Cole, of Malton on the Wollondilly has. suffered damage by the destruction of grass ' and fences to tbe amount of about £400. Showers that | would extinguish these fires are much needed ; but as harvest is. now in progress, it would perhaps be as well if continuous rain were not to fall just yet. There is, how ever, no doubt that the conntry is beginning to suffer from drought, and that with the amount of stock now on most of the holdings, this has become a serious matter. Prayers for rain have been offered up in the churches on t£e last \ two Sundays. Since the above remarks were written, namelv at 7 o'clock last evening, we were visited with a good Bhower, accompanied by thunder and lightning. 