:: items of neWs. Extensive bush-fires were visible yesterday from Vaughan. in a south-easterly direction, and apparently there was much damage being done. At the meeting of the United Shire Council of Mount Alexander yesterday, the newly-elected member for the Campbell's Creek Riding was present," and took his Seat at the Council table. 1 Persons desirous of joining the classes, of the School of Mines, Ballarat, must send their nomination papera, together with the term fee3, to the Registrar on or before Monday next. The crops in the neighbourhood of Guildford, Yapeen, and Vaughan are all housed, and steam threshing machines ate busy at work solving the problem of the yieldb ; hi mafty instances, this has exceeded the expectations of. the fknhbrs. ""It is understood that the Castlemaine Cricket Clqb-.will have, a practice .on, "Wattle Flat this 'afternoon at hilf-pist 2 o'clock. It is to be hoped .members .will attend, as there is much robin for , hnpirbyertient, and it is ah old saying thtet "practice makes perfect.". . The streets of the borough are at the present time infested with a great nuisance, in the shape '«f_a.lAree,n«— annoyance , to pedestrians,, but make a raid on every garden or bit of grebri.stuff they- can get at, . It would pay the pouUdkeeper to look after them. ; ...: We have received from the publishers, Messrs Nicholson and Ascherberg, a copy of the first number of the Australian Musical Magazine. It contains 14 songs, most of them favourites witli leading vocalists. The words are set to piano forte accbnipaniment, and the printing of both the words and the ihusic is admirably clear. ; The heat of the weather yesterday was much morb sbvere than on "any other day this season ; there being a stiff northerly wind blowing, And numerous . bush-fires in various directions, the atmosphere was close and stifling. The/currents of wind bore a strong resemblance to the blasts out of a fiirhace,;scorching all within its reach. Immediately after sundown a "rather violent thunderstorm took place, the flashes of vivid forked lightning being incessant, and the thunder ioud arid Tolling ; the storm was presaged by a thick cloud of dust, which was driven into every available crevice ; there was but little rain fell, but there was "a sensible coolness in the" atmos phere. Between 1. and 2 o'clock on yesterday afteri noon the fire-bell ringirig. .violently set both old and young upon the move in . hot haste to as- certain",the .cause of. the .alarm.. Soon it was observed from the dense column of smoke rising from Winter's: Flat that, a fire had taken place, and in little time when Mr Fitzgerald's brewery was reached- it was' discovered that the roof of the stables adjoining were in a blaze. The Fire Brigade reached with great expedition, biit jjrior to its arrival .the fire was. bteing played "upbn by a hose At the bTewariy. No time was lost in getting the hydratit fisted on to the pliig, but from the canvas hose bmng fori weak tri bear pressure the .coupling Zhlew off. Another hose was sent for by "a con veyance, and ob tained with great despafoh,,slill there .was . loss of time that would not have pccuried if the Brigade had a hose strong and trustworthy for bearing, pres sure for any length-of- time. Fortunately the fire was soon got under, it being confined to the shingle roof, a part of "which was consumed, and a portion of the building destroyed. Had the fire reached to the brewery whilethe Brigade "was looking after a hose, tlie 'cbmplalnts against the members for their carelessness would be loud and deep: Haying tindertaken a trust, they should see to procurihg appliances to en able them to fulfil their part in. a marin'er to riri- title them to the confidence of the public; If the. hose is., old, worn, and unfit for use, it should be iminediateiy replaced, for nothing Can excuse the negligence and folly of depending upon it after it bas'beeri more "than once proved to be defective. In justice to the Brigade it should; be mentioned they brought the bad state ; of the hose before a committee of the Z . Council, i and requesting, at the same time a new hose of: No. 1 canvas, but their request has not yet been! complied with. As to the origin of the fire nothing is known ; the conjecture is that sparks alighted on the roof; but there is nothing, cer- tam as to the cause. The Hamilton Spectator says that ."on Sun-j day the 27th rilt. a young man, by the mame of j Owen, was on horseback, and to save jsomej ground, on, getting near Orford publichouse, ; about sixteen miles from Belfast, he put hisi horse at a fence, the horse struck his knees on| the top rail, pitched his rider over, and turning; a somersault, came crash on the top of Gwen, ; who was at once carried into the publichouse, ; and a messenger despatched to Belfast for Dr. : Scott, who. soon arrived at Orford, and. .tttenfied : to the/sufferer.- The naforri of; the injury,; rup-i ture of the bladder, rendered tlie case exceed-; ingly hopeless ; and on Tuesday, a second med-| ical- opinion being desired, Dr. Wylife of this; town was sent for, arrived at. Orford,. ..thiiiy-sixj miles from Hairiilfohj. on "iYedriesd'ay, arid met! Dr.Z.Scott.th.ere.Z...Z.Th'e...ciwp,Zwasrprqnqfincedi quite hopeless, death being expected in an hour or two."- , - - - - - . The. preliminary Arrangements, .'for /the es tablishment, of, the - National. Labour Bureau, says 'th'e Ai'gus, have beeri' completed, and 'in the course of a lew weeks it is anticipated that the institution wili be in working order. The;' .permanent crimmittee has been appointed1, and will consist of. Mr- Leslie A Moody, immigration ! -agent; Mr Oqppiri;M;L.:A. ; Mr Curtaiu; M. ii. A.- ; | /Mr T. "J. ZHarcriurt and Mr G'reig, Superinteri- j dent "of the (Iminigrahts| Home. The first four'; fgeritlemeri' coriiposed the commission appointed I . to consider, the subject, and Mr Gfeig was added; fp/tlie list 'of. the committee, as his practical "ex- j perience wriuld b'e found to, Be of great rise. ; /The officers will be iri'the '.old warders' quarters, I Swanston-street.;, , , The ,. necessary, alterations ! have .been- authorised 1 by the Government. The > assistance received from the state will consist of! the UBe of the' offices rent free, the free use of ; the telegraph wires/ and a small grant in aid to I asSist in tnri , first establishment 6f the iristit'u-! tion.,, Aftle'f the oAice'is orice! in .working order, i it is' 'cprisider'ed 'that' it' iriU 'prove self-support- ; ing. /'Z1' V;V ; : .. . \- The - Ballarat Star states that a- horrible scene , occurred ,in a house , off; the/. Main-road; Ballarat! .East, .near: the/ Napier /Brewery,, on: Siuiday I :"morhihg, shortly after nine o'clock. . ' A inanj nariied J ames Hyndman beat r arid kicked , his i wife in affiendish riiannei, after having tied her' legs -trigetlier /witli a' belt, So 'as to prevent h'erj getting away. Z TJie 'pririr wqiriari was : ctit arid ! briiised in' 'every part of the body, and no w lies j in a /dangerous condition. Her sciteams 'at- j tracted the attention of the neighbours, who j were unable to rescue. her, owing to the doors/ beirig locked. Sergeant Lamer wont to the! place, forced open the back door, and arrested! Hyndman; who, it appears, was looked upon; Saturday night for being drunk, and allowed: out on Sunday morning. The poor woman, who . was so terribly; beaten, gave the following accourit of the affair to the sergeant : — " I am the wife of James Hyndman, the prisoner. Be tween 9 and 10 a.m. to-day, he came home under tho influbrico of drink. The back-door was locked when hb came,; he broke it in. .. As soon- as.. he got in ho took tho leather bolt frem his waist, -and sti/apped my legs together, at the same time riislfi'ig use of.horriblo language. He then, when my legiT W5r9-,tipd; lcickcd me about the body in a most brutal manficrj calling me all sorts of bad names, .and saying that I was not-fit' to live." - . .. . ' J / The recently-erected furnace of th6 ZMpuntJ Bischoff Company, Launceston , wbs Started ,011 Monday ; 1,500 pounds of tin were obtaiiied from ; a ton and a quarter of ore, exclusive of leakage and absorption: The tin is of very- -fine qual- Ry- .. ; . ... - . : ri 1 . . A telegram from Bonrke, published in the Sydney Morning Herald, states that the body of O'Hea, one of Hume's companions on his exploring expedition has ' been found by the blacks, not far from where Hume's remains were discovered, and buried by Sir Tilbury the mana ger of Nocatunga Station. . ; A carter named John Chisholm, of Blackwell, Ballarat; was missed on Saturday night. His body was found on Monday, afternoon in a small waterhole. It is supposed that he fell in to it in the dark, and that the sludge in the bottom prevented him from getting out. A Government Gazette Extraordinary, pub lished yesterday, contains a list of the magis trates appointed in the. different bailiwicks. There are rio new names on the list,, but those magistrates who did not reply to the circular sent out by the Crown Law department are not included. The "Executive Council also dealt with the appointment of the County Court judges to the several bailiwicks. The particulars were given in Monday's issue, being as follows : 7— Central, Judge Cope ; midland, Judge Dunne; southern, Judge Rogers.; western, Judge Skin nier ;. eastern, Judge Bindon;and northern, Judge Bowman. Judge Nolan is at present on leave, and has not been appointed to any dis trict. - """Ratner a costly Plunder has boon perpetrated in" New. South Wale3 owing to no provision having been made for coritihuing the Stamp Duties Act. The Sydriey Morning Herald, 31st December, writes By reference to the seventh .clause of the Stamp Duties. Act Amemdment "Act of 1871 it will.be seen that that act and the princi pal act of 1865 both expire to-day. In his Bud get speech, delivered in November last, the hon. Geo. A. Lloyd said ' "It will be nec'essaay to bring in a bill at once to renew the/ Stamp Act, which expireS oh thri 31st Decenlb'er next. This act was passed in 1865, and for the .five years ending with 1870 it produced about L63, 000 per annum ; in 1871 the revenue was L77.500 ; in 1872. L94.298 ; in 187/3, L94,629 ; and this year, up to; 30th September, L75,732. The cost of collecting this revenue is. .not .more than 2 per cent/' The legislation necessaiy for the reimpositioii of the stamp duties caunot be effected much before the end of February, and the loss of revenue from this . source ' will riot, therefore, be much le33 than L16,000. ; To this must be added the cost of the establishment which will have to be retained, whether there is work to be done or not." . '/,'./ ' " . The Police Court was occupied /the -whole of Monday afternoon in hearing the charge pre. ferired against William Simpson, late manager of. the. branch Bank of Victoria at. Epsorii. With the consent of the Bench, says the Indepen dent, He . was allo wed a seat on the 'floor of the court. The charge, wais altered fromi one of for gery to that of making a false entry, and was kid under' sec. 14 of the Amended /Criminal Law arid Practice Statute. The evidence showed that prisoner had opened "an . account in "the name of ".Eliza Hunter, No. 2 account," and had pkced to.its debit a sum of L700, alleged to have been drawn out .by. cheque, -signed by Eliza-Hunter, on the 23rd April, 1874. This cheque, with a statement of the day's business; was forwarded to the bank at Sandhurst, in accordance with the usual custom, but sirice the discovery of the false eritry the cheque had been searched for at the bank, but could riot be found, and the bundle in which it had been de posited was discovered open. There/ were also other suspicious circumstances surroimdihg the case. .Mrs. Htoter denied having opened a second account, or having drawn a cheque for .the. amount named. Various sums were entered in the ledger as having been paid to the credit of this account, of which she denied all .know:-/ ledge. - At the conclusion of the case the Bench were asked to discharge the accused; but they held a different opinion, 'considering- there was Sufficient evidence to justify their sending the case to a jury. Prisoner was accordingly com, iriitfod fortnalat the. next sittirig of the Circuit Court. . The Goulburn Herald of the 2nd inst. relates the following.sad occurrence " On Monday a kd about 14 years of age, named Daniel Robert Milkrd, employed on the railway works near the Run of Wafer' toll-bar, on the Yass 'road, was asked by a man living in a/ hut to go arid stay with two hoys abotit his bwn age, who, he Said, were frightened to be by themselvtes. ! He ac cordingly did so; and while th'ere one .of the boys, named, we believe, L'enriard, .'took up a revolver, arid/ without saying anything, pulled the trigger, and shot Millard imtlie side, Mil lard then ran out. - The other boy appeared frightened; 'and wanted him to come back. Mil lard told the neighbours, and young Mr Stewart, of Goulburn, happening to ; b'e coming by, i brought Iiim ihto town in his buggy, and took, him to Dr Mortori's surgery, where lie was at- : tended to by Dr Hayley. It wk's found that'the' bullet had.etittefod'betw'efeh the riihth and tenth : ribs;- just bsloiv th'e'hieart, arid it is 'supposed' k ' lodged either in the cavity of the chest or abdo- i meri. _.. A'.p<)rti6n of the inside protruded, which the doctor replaced.,. Having no hope of the boy's recovery, his dying declaration was taken,! in which the. facts., above given were detailed. ; The boy added that he had had no quarrel with , the others', arid that he had seen them before,/ but did not know their names/ Ho was then re- . moved to/the hospital, where, according to latest reports, / lie. appeared a little easier, but was vomiting blood, arid but faint hopes are en-1 tertained of Jus recovery. His parents are both' blind, and his father follows the occupation of a! basketmaker, in Goulburn, but is at present ab-i sent in Sydney." j A dreadful murder was committed on Christ-: mas Eve ; at , Gilgandra, about fifty miles from ; Dubbo. - -Two bush' carpenters,' riamed'Mackayi and Charley -Turner, / were , dririkirig- at Smith's ' hotel at Gilgandra On Christmas 'Eve. They; /left there at 12 o'clock at night, somewhat in-/ tokicafed, but 'Apparently fe'ry 'friendly with! each, other. They reached their hut, about three/ miles frorii 'the/inii,; and it 'yipeiifs they/ had a: quarrel: . The murderer (Mackay) gives this ac- : count of it. They were in the hut, each lying! An his bunk or bed. They had some words, about-cutting cheese ; and deceased assaulted . Mackay, who,. in his passion,, got a butcher's! :knife and'inflict'ed some severe wounds. One: wound was in the hip— an awful jagged cut;! ;thc two othera were in the abdomen, over the: right and left groin, and "extending fully 31 inches. ; After Turner had been stabbed, Mackay i came pver'to Smith's, and told him he had mur-| /dered Charley, his mate. Mr Smith went toj .the scene, and a. horrible sight met .his. view. j Outside the hut about twenty-five yards from! it, Turner lay weltering literally in his own' -blood. His intestines were protruding, but lie ' was not quite dead. He was, however, sinking! fast. In answer to a question he said Mackay; had killed him. The murderer then walked up , and said, " Charley, will you forgive me V' and flie poor dying man gasped out, "I forgive you; j I am going to die, and I am not prepared to ! meet my God, but I forgive you. " A few min- ; rites after ho expired. Prisoner was arrested by j Constable Seott, and next morning the knife j with which the murder had been committed wrisj found in a paddock adjoining prisoner's hut, 1 Deceased was only twenty-one years of "age. ! Mackay displayed, great callousness both before j arid after his arrest. While being 'escorted to j Dubbo he said to a person who met him on the j road, " Oh, somebody or another lias to s wing j first at Dubbo, and it might as well b'e irie as ' anyone else." Mr T. A. Thompson went to Gil-i gandra on Saturday to hold an'inquiry. He' jvas- accompanied by Dr Tibbits, who made a 1 M3t morterii. The inquiry was then ad teamed. — Correspondent, S. M.JJeralA... . ... Tile Sydney hidiriing HeruTd remarks that nothing can be-iqcre ..certain than that the reported wreck of the clipper - Ship Slaitland is purely mytliicaL That veSsel-fChched Manilla in due course, loaded there witlT sugar_.for_.San Francisco, and when the Cyphrene3 left "was there loading wheat for Liverpool. It is not . improbable that the wreck reported in Torres Straits is that of the Guinevere before re-- poited. / V The Wiicanriia Times says " Mr. T. L. Roberts, who whs recently sinking a well for Mr Eirkpatrick, of this town, discovered, .after he had gone down about 22 feet, thousands of Smhll black ants; arid there was no hole or creVice to shqw how they had got so far riridergrpund. They were surrounded by hard clay. On a pre vious occasion, when down 100 feet sinking at the Momba Statiop, he came .across.. a lot of wood and heap3 of small sea shells embedded in a clay resembling. that covering the ' gutters ' at Ballarat. These fossils continued down to 188 feet, being about eighty-six feet of shells and wood." The number iff able- bodied harvestmen look ing for einployment in this district is soriie what surprising, considering how persistently the advocates of assisted immigration have asserted that a scarcity of this particular class of labour existed. Kyneton, says the Observer, is liter ally full of harvestmen. Towards sundown they may be seen debouching into the town from all points, many of themhavine "tramped " the whole district without finding employment. In the evening they may be seen campuig on the footpath noar Uw Mechanics : or under one vrf the bridges crossing the river. The Hobart Town Mercury reports / a good sign in Tasmanian finances as follows : — " It will be remembered that when the Tasmanian public finances were not so prosperous - as wished, the Colonial Treasurer, -ratiier than fund: .debt, ...or seek . increased taxes,, raised L52,009 by Treasury , bills. . His redemption of these was considered an impossibility by rnany. These bills are due in . February, and there is now:L4O,O0Oin the bank to /the credit of the colony, waiting to meet these bills, and ac cumulated by an excess of revenue over expen diture." : \- The following letter appeara in the Hamilton Spectator : — On the ittorhihg of the 19th inst., I took from a Urie, set. the previous evening in the Glenelg, a bream of 2 J lb. weight. Firmly, ad hering to one;of the fins I fouiid a perfect fluke insect about t/hree-quartera qf ari inch iri length, and qiute lively— rather lighter in color than, those usually found in sheep or cattle. . I write these fewlines to show that they are. found/ in running water, and fully developed without- aniiii&l; heat to support them. The Spectator adds :—"_Our correspondent Bends in his name to authenticate the above - statement, and w;e may add that the writer is a gentleman . whose veracity is unimpeachable, and" who would be above the perpetration of any Silly hoax." From the Geelong Advertiser we learn that, on Saturday, a little_bpy, six years of age, named Archibald Tough, son of Mr. .Tough sail- maker, was standing oil the old hoards, when the material-gave way beneath his feet, - and - he fell into the -water. Another lad jumped after the boy, and nearly forfeited his own life in con sequence. Eventually, as young Tough was disappearing beneath the surface the third time, he was grasped by a man named Mitchell Flem ing and the hoys were brought ashore. Little Tough, who had only recovered from an attack of measles, was so much exhausted that at first his life was despaired of. He. was taken home in a fainting state,/ /arid quite an hour elapsed before he was restored to consciousness. The ; little fellow . has since' been progressing favorably. . '/ ' . A correspondent of the : South Australian Register has been to an aboriginal weddings at the Aborigines Mission Station, York's Penin- insula, and gives an interesting account of the ceremony, which he concludes as follows : — "So far as your reporter has seen 1 gladly bear testi mony to the excellent arrangements and -the prosperity of this mission station.' At public .worship I was greatly pleased with the evident reverence of the natives, "also with their ' very good singing. I have examined their writing- copies which bear evidence of care, arid am satis fied that the certificates forwarded to the Regis- trar-General, signed by four natives, are , quite equal to the average penmanship of South Aus tralians. . That the ignorant savage- is here being raised into a state of intelligent - civiliza tion is 'a statement at which the sceptic may "shake his head, nevertheless it is true." A most singular anil serious accident occurred one day-last week at Cornish . Town,; about six miles from Chiltern. . -.The; Federal/ Standard states that while several men were- at iwork ; in a field loading wheat a cry- of fire: was - heard, 'and in almost an instant the- flames had in creased to such an extent that the straw5 and dray were in a blaze. The horse in the " dray beeairie perfectly unmanageable, /arid it ' was found to be utterly impossible to unharness it through its plunging arid kicking. Every "effort was made to release tlie horse, . arid //extinguish the flames, but all failed to accomplish it, and there was no alternative left but for the grain, dray, and horse to be consumed", by fire.; The accident was caused by one of the . men -.em ployed; after he had. partaken of his' dinner, putting a burning coal irito his pipe for the pur pose of lighting it and on his ascending the dray to complete tho loading the coal fell out of his pipe'on to the straw. The Newcastle Pilot reports that " A fine little child, eight years of age, the daughter of Mr ;- Roberts, . of Newcomen-street, died on Saturday, December 26, under circumstances which render the case of some public interest, 'as 'showing how, from a very trifling cause not duly estimated — and, therefore, not at once submitted to mfedical treatment— fatal results "may ensue.' . It appears that about three weeks prior to lier decease, tlie child, when out playing, fell and struck her knee, but made no particu lar complaint of suffering, neither were any symptoms observed beyond a slightly inflamed spot, until inflammation resulted in a fester, and exactly two weeks after the fall Mr Roberts removed from the knee a small piece of semi circular bone about a quarter of an inch long. Mr Roberts at the time judged that the bone must have entered tlie knee at the time the child fell down, but as with the "exception of a slight disinclination to eat, the general health appeared as usual, medical advice was not thought necessary. On the next day (Sunday) the child complained that she had woke twice in the night and bitten her tongue on each oc casion ; but she played and went abroad as usual until the Tuesday, when the . upper, part of the face — particularly the forehead — appeared drawn up and contracted-; and it was also ob served that, wheri rlirinirig. at times she would suddenly stop, and the whole body appeared to stiffen. Mr Roberts at this stage concluded that the child was suffering from some ailment prevalent amongst children, and called in Dr S. -T. Enaggs on the following day (Wednesday). On his first visit tlie doctor was not informed of the fall, or the removal of tho piece of l?ono, but on a second visit on the following 'day, symptoms of tetanus appearing more decided, the particulars of the accident wore elicited. From Thursday the child's sufferings were great, the jaws being fast pet, tlie teeth nearly meet ing, and the body repeatedly convulsed. Temporary relief 'was afforded by tho inhalation of chloroforiii; biit-'rio attempts at curative' tfoat- ment were teuccessftil, although, Mr Roberts in forms us, Bra S. T. Enaggs and Page and Dr Enaggs, sen. , gave the case their closest atten tion. After the fixing of her jaws, tho poor little' sufferer's strength Was sustained by means of liquid food, administered by inserting the nipple of a feeding bottle between the teeth, buton Saturday she gradually sank and (lied, ' being, strange to say, in 'full 'possession pf 'her . voice and senses to thgjask1! 