LA TEST INTERCOLONIAL ' tTEWS. BdBtH AUEEBU.U. Mr. Arthur Wyth.the Chief Secretary, has published an address to the electors of North Adelaide, enunciating Ministerial policy He advocates free, secular, and compulsory education, with optional reading of the Bible in schools. He is in favour of poshing forvrard railways in all directions, conjointly with larger accessions of the population, but lie cannot specify the railways to be constructed uutil the labours ot the railway commission are over. He proposes to remedy the imperfection in the Real Property Act. and to consolidate and atnend the Criminal Law, and to place the law primogeniture upon a more satisfactory footing. He wnnld cheapen and simplify the Supr«neCourtproceediugB,«nd reduce the upset price of hind to £l per acre, bat cannot waive the paynmnt of interest He sees no necessity for increasing the taxation, but should the necessity arise, recommends stamp, succession, and legacy duties, with an equitable tAx on property and income. The papers complain that the manifesto is vague. Subsequently Mr. Birth addressed the electors of North Adelaide, tnnch to the same effect as bis manifesto, respecting which he defended himself from the charge of vagueness. He strongly supported iiKer-colonial free trade and opposed payment of members. The dissolution has been gazetted, and the writs issued. Most of the elections will be held on the 10th end 22nd February. The Minister of Justice does not iitend to seek re-election on accent of private business matters. The Germans have issued a political platform for the elections. It includes a liberal land law. upholding the Head Property Act, compulsory education, with liberty to read the Bible in schools, payment 'of members, and assisted iinuiigratiou Tue waste lands receipts for 1674 reached £257.435. The revenue for the last quarter amounted to £238,000, nml.-ing £1,103,000 for the year. The ship Palmas, from Newport, reports having seen, on 26th November, a 1,200 ton iron ship on fire. The Palmas hore-tojost after a whaling barque had' rescued the crew. The name of the ship was not ascertained. The Conquest, from Boston, saw. on 23rd October, a large American brig burning. The crew were saved by another craft. The name of tiiifi vessel was also not obtained. Mr. Cairns, Governor of Queensland; Mr. Weld, Governor of Tasmania ; and Sir William Stawell, Acting-Governor of Victoria, on their way to Melbourne, landed at Glenelg in the captain's gig, bat there was no ona from Government Hoase waiting to receive them, and they returned to the steamer. The papers condemned the discourtesy shown towards them. The Private Secretary afterwards wrote to the Register stating that the Governor had made arrangtments for the courteous recaption of the three Governors, but through an error they were taken to the Government cottage at Glenelg, in stead of to the Government- house in Adelaide. Upon their return from the cottage they found the train had gone, and iniKMtfi the chance of going to Adelaide. VICTORIA. The Government have resolved to open the museum end picture gallery on Sunday. The so-called sea-serpent is reported to have been seen, during the outward voyage from London cfthe Carlisle Castle. William Simpson, Lite manager ot the branch bank of Victoria, at Epsom, has been committed for trial on a charge ol having made a false entry in the bank .books. A labour bureau has been appointed, and it is said, will soon be in active operation, for the Government have given orders for the necessary alterations to be made at - once to the warders' quarters. Swanston-street, to suit the requirements of the institution. The permanent com mittee of management appointed are: — Messrs. Coppin, Curtain, Moody, and Greig. There have been several cases of suicide, supposed to have been induced by ex cessive heat, during the month ; and one case of sunstroke has terminated fatally. News has been received that the notorious O'Ferrall, the lands department defaulter, was despatched from Singapore on the 12th instant, by Torres Straits steamer Brisbane, He was expected daily in Melbourne, The Coktkol Department. — We learn that orders have been received from England that the Control Department in this colony is to be broken up forthwith. Staff Paymaster Elliott and Commissary Skinner proceed home almost at once: a number of the clerks and other servants of the department are, we understand, to be drafted into the Comptroller General'6 department, and some of them will be superannuated. Ultimately it is supposed the whole of the staff of the Convict De partment will be concentzated at the Fre mantie Prison. Wesleian Conference. — The second annual conference of the South Australian Branch of Wesleyan Methodism in Aus tralasia was opened in Adelaide on the 26th January; the W. L. Sinks, the past President, in the chair. The Bev. J. Bickford was elected President for the next term, and in the course of his address made the following very kindly reference to the mission in this colony : — ' I must express my regret that we have not with us to-day a representative from WeeternNansixalia, It ie true that we have only a small batch of ministers in that colony; still if one could have come amonf st us to represent both the wishes and wants of the ministers and the circuits it would have been a great help to us. The presence here of the highly-respected Chairman of that district would have been most gratifying to us all. We have messages of love and goodwill, however, from Mr. Lowe and his brethren, which of course we shall affectionately recipro cate.' Daring the proceedings on the second day of tits «»HJng the President tmSlrA attention to communications from West Australia. Letters were read from the Bev. W. Lowe, Chairman of that dis trict; also from BevB. Laurance and A+lrinn Mr. Laurance requested a removal to South Australia on account of his state of health. It was agreed that an interchange was impractic able at present. To Boshmeh and Exploeebs. — Many amongst the hundreds who have perished in the Australian bosh, says a Northern Australian paper, for the want of water and food might have been now in being had they bat known in what a very ample mode life may be sustained by the explorer under the most trying circmnetanees. An individual well experienced in the matter thus writes : — 'This is to inform you and the future exploring parties, that no man need die for want of water or food in the bash whilst be holds an axe or tomahawk. Any man may find sufficient water. lei the earth be ever so parched np, by clearing round the box Use in particular, or any other tree ; then provide a hollow sheet of bark, cat the roots in lengths, stand them on a slant in the coegy, or bark, the top end leaning against the tree, and you may in such wise soon boil yoar billy. In re ference to a substance — what a pig will subsist on a man may do the eame ; for iustauce, the common fern roots may be washed dean and roasted, and a man might subsist for months en them.' Again, we have been aware for many years of a very simple method of obtaining water or sap in any timbered portion of the bush. Cut down saplings and trim off their heads a foot or two down, and pjace that end. in verted from the way they grow. into*, billy, tin dish, or hollow piece of bark, when, iu a short period, a copious supply of ftaid will be obtained, not by any means objec taonable to the .palate, aud po&se;±-siu£ strengthening qualities iu a fax greater degree than water. The Wbmher. — During the past weektke weather has been exceedingly warm, the temperature being bat siigbty vaned by eaa-breeaes, which have been lighter thiB year thai: usual. Sunday proved as hot as any day during the prwnt season, and bush-fires appc&rei; to be prevalent in all directions. Hot as it really was, though, on thai, and many other davs, — the thermometer reading at noon 94 dsg. (shade), 128 deg. (exposed)— we have cause to be thankful that we have been of late enjoying much cooler we&tlur; than our neighbors in the Eastern Colonies, where, from their more southern position, a lower temperature might be expected to prevail. The following regis ters, made last month, are extracted from our files by the mail, and speak for them selves : — Adelaide, 104 deg. in the shade ; Launceston, 91 to 100 in the shade, at mid- day ; Hobart Town (600 miles more southerly than Perth), 99 deg. in the sliade, 133 deg. in the sun. At Melbourne, on January 18, the heat registered in the shade waalOo deg., and on the 20th Jan., 110 deg. in the shade. The present season has been the hottest that has been known in Victoria for 18 years, the ther inome'er having for several days registered as high as 145 deg. in the eon. end several deaths from eunstrcke are reported. There was a very agreeable change iu the weather in Perth ou Monday evening. A strung, yet cooL easterly wind set in. and torcsrds morning and during tiie early part of yesterday there were several light, refresh ing showers. The barometer fell to 29-80 ; and the thermometer, at midday, stood at 73. Dkamatic Performances. — Ou Wed nesday and Thursday evenings the mem bers of the Catholic 'Young Men's Society gave a literary and drawing-room enter tainment in the Catholic Boys' Schoolroom. The audience, though not' eo large as was strictly due to the merits of the performers, was nevertheless a reputable arid appre ciative one. The bill of fare Teas well selected, and contained, in addition to the usual variety of negro melodies, music, and comicalities, a rehearsal of the laugh able farces ' The Virginian Mummy ' and ' The Sham Doctor.' the rendering of the whole of which gave evidence of acou siderable amount of practice ; indeed, in many instances the personifications would bear comparison with the renderings of professional actors. The audience tes tified their delight and appreciation of the humour displayed by repeated bursts of applause. Characters were sustained by Messrs. Giblin, Flannigan. Mannix, Kelly. Cunningham, Scaniau. Richards, Towneend. and Bryan. Mr. Carney pre sided at the harmonium. Mr. Houston rendered some lively airs on the comet at intervals during the evening. The per formance was also interspersed with numerous songs, in which Mr. Gugeri asd others took part, succeeding in making a very favorable impression. 