[?] The Ballarat correspondent -of. the". Pleasant Creek News recommends painting the trees with petroleum oil as a complete 'remedy, for Ameri can blight " " " ' A butcher at Maryborough, Victoria, has dis covered two -Australian sovereigns in. the stomach of a beast he had killed. At " Port Darwin,- Captain. Johnson, of the Florida, has been committed for trial for attempt ing to poison a female passenger. 'Two men were larkir.g in a boat in the Yarra, and capsized it. One of them, Nicholas Garrick, was drowned, the other was' saved with great difficulty. -o F. Bobbins, a stevedore in Melbourne, sued his brother, G. Bobbins, for calling him >a thief, and striking him in the face. They had been quarrelling -for five -years. The plaintiff got a verd iets-f or- £ 1 00 oh the slander count, and £250 for the' assault. A youth named tfobn H. Arnaud was fined 40s., or a month's imprisonment, for Bquirting tobacco juice on people at the Opera-house, Melbourne. ' " A Mrs. Clark, landlady , of the Retro public- house, twenty miles from Clermont, has died of snake-bite. An Anti-Sheep Stealing Association is likely to he formed"; at Deniliquin forthwith. The evidence at 'the 'late 'trials at Deiiiliquin points to losses of from 800 sheep yearly on one small station. On other and larger sheep stations in the district the losses are still higher. That the sheep are stolen can scarcely be doubted, or the hones of the missing animals could certainly be found. " a resident" of Stawell, Victoria, having missed a quah"tity of wood, advertised the fact, requesting the thief "to bring it back, as it had been identified. Next morning he found that about ten times the -quantitj' -lost had been re stored in as many "different piles. ' A curious gun accident- is' reported from Ar- gentuoil. A luckless Nirrirod- of that/district was- going: through his arsenal, snapping: caps and cleaning guns. After putting a large duck gun into, order, he loaded it and put it by, A large monkey -in the house had watched these proceeding'with great alarm, but greater inter est. : -His master went ont of the room, and pug forthwith began to rub the guns and spill the oil about,in zealous imitation. When the owner came back he had in hand the duck gun, and in his alarm probably, lie tuched the trigger, and shot Mr. Credut through the stomach. Bengal civilian, Mr. B.-F; S. Hartshorne, in a paper read- before the SBo.eiation an "The Veddahs of Ceylon"— the wild tribe, which lives naked in the forest, cultivates nothing, and uses no implement but th,e bow — mentioned two new., facts about them,1 They " never laugh, and ap parently can't laugh, and they speak an Aryan ..." tongue.; "The' latter" f/iet'is- held ;by . Professor- Rolleston to suggest that they have degenerated, but it is more probable that they ai'e the offspring of -Aryan soldiers who invaded; . Ceylon and the women of some low. tribe, and were hunted ffor their ancestry into the jungle, where their diet was perforce changed... Women" could, not have accompanied Rama's conquering army across the arm of the sea. As to the laughter, is Mr.. Harts horne sure of his facts? He says ha asked a Veddah if he ever laughed, and was asked in re ply what there was to laugh at ? What language did he use, or does he really assert that the Ved dah had arrived at the abstract idea of laughter, and invented a word for it, without oyer having done it ? If the Veddah has no word: for laugh ter, how did he understand Mr; Hartshorne ?. The Morning Post says that as a " first-class misdemeanant," Colonel Baker was in the first instance placed in a different reception cell at Horsemonger-lane gaol to the other prisoners, . and through his term of punishment lie will be kept separate from them.- He is allowed to. wear pp - ilothing. to buy his own food, to fur nish Lis own room— he has had two allotted to him — with what is reasonable, necessary, and not extravagant ; to have wine, at; his own cost, not-exceeding one pint, or malt liquor,. not ex ceeding one quart per day.. He is; not required to' dd any work; to. clean his apartments,, make his bed,- or perforin any menial .office, all these being done for him by an officer of the prison. He may have any unobjectionable books or news paper -which he chooses; . He. may write or -re ceive letters or papers, but these must in the first instance be examined or read by the . governor. Lastly, he may see his friends in his apartments between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. -This seems to outdo the case of Boss. Tweed. We see. . it, however, Btated that, besides the los3 of his. commissi on, some severer treatment may be in store for him, the -War Office having consulted the-Cabinet-as to whether he will be allowed- to realize a sum of about 22,000 dols., which he would bo ordin- nrilv pnfitler! to on lefi.Yi«sr the "ann v. — 3foYLtrcal Witness. - Separation bids fair to.be the warciy. of .every, district which cannot obtain from the New South Wales Treasury the amount that it considers it self entitled to; - The Grafton peopte!requlre a railway 'frorm the- Clarence: to Glen ilnnes, and are disposed to be obstvepc-rous -in making;. the want known. Indeed, if .therai! way be not con structed, it-, appears probable that-.-ths. Clarence and New England people will rise in open re bellion, and appeal straightway for Separation, Separate colonies are excellent -things in their 'way,'butitis as well; to remember- that -a-separa- tion movement should be the. last resource only, and.not be taken up as a wilful child takes up its nearest .toy to. throw at, some offending adult. Even adopting the remarkably remote possibility of the New England and Clarence districts be ing permitted to govern themselves, we have the certainty that self-government costs a good_ deal of money-r-often far more that the aggrieved . disiriet thinks that it is deprived of by centralis ing metropolitan filchers. Then again, we have to remember that every time a colony suffers 'sub-division, the grand end of Federation, which miist be the pinnaeleof every true5 colonist's and Briton's ambition, receives a heavy blow which must inevitably retard the -consummation. No one will deny that - it was; for Victoria's good that she was .severed from New South Wales; bub' her case- is not -one that -will apply . to all others And yet, as far as the interests of feder ation are concerned, the event of the 1st July, 1851, has doubtless postponed the realisation of that object for an indefinite, number of years. — Wagga Express. A report is in circulation at Halifax, Nova Scotia, of a horrible crime committed two years ago whicfr-has only, now come to light by the ; confession' of a sailor named Greenwood. The \--schooner Mary E- J ones sailed from Clyde River, v-Shelbourne; County; for Boston, and two sisters named Sutherland were passengers. Shortly "'after. sailing the two women were brutally out raged by the captain and crew, except, one man, who now tells the story. " They, were then killed and the bodies thrown overboard. The crew afterwards, landed in their boats on the coast and . : reported that the vessel met with heavy weather waB throwii oil her beam-ends and the females drowned in the cabin, but. the vessel subsequently drifted into Barrin'gton Bay, when the deckload ; was still on and .there was no appearance of her ."rjbaving" been, on her. beam-ends, and , no females u-jwere found in the cabin. , The. captain'sname is "iSwain, and he ignowboundte a-New- Briinswick V'port,- where he will, be- arrested on his.arriyal. One of -the crew- was'latc-lyi arrested inShelburne, but the magistrate considered the evidence in- . 'isdffieihnt to warrant his cormhittaD t As a matter ""6f dourse, the excitement in the county aboufc'the affair ib very great. The only .excuse the in- . .. former had for his long silence in regard to the " "terrible crime was that the -threat which the Bailors held out i.eeP" ing him in awe of them. :jfhey made him take an oath that he would never-divulge the crime. authorities are using everypossjble exertion to bring to justice the captain and crew, andwe trust that ere long we shall be able to chronicle the capture of these coldblooded and heartless raittfrenntfi _ A curiou3 f eat in the ,an-n al.s ,of .-pedestrinnism was accomplished atMacclesfield, by Mr. John Alcock, of the Oxford tavernjn that town, who, we tearn bv an English journal, .backed himself to walk from Macclesfield to Buxton, about' 12" miles, backwards, under three hours. The' match having been on the tapis for several weeks,-' coh- siderable interest . wa9 excited in the athletic world, not only in town, .but also in. Manchester, Stockport,- and the Potteries, and betting Ard and con was indulged in to a great extent, the odd3 - heing five to one against Alcock. The road is" most difficult to travel, the first seven-miles being all up hill, and very rough forwalking. Punc tually at 7 a.m. Alcock started from the old .church, in the presence of -a crowd numbering some thousands of people, at a brisk pace, and finished" the first mile in. 12min. 30sec. After this he quickened up, and, keeping his followers in a semi-trot, passed Walker Bani at 7.40, reach ing the Niches at 7.56, or four miles in fifty-six minutes. Stoneway Gate, which is half way, was reached at exactly half time, and Alcock then took the old road to the Cat and Fiddle, up a very steep and stony incline, reaching the Gat at 8.41, the seven miles being completed in one hour forty-one minutes. The road hitherto had been from the start up hill. Alcock was in ex- eellent condition and spirits as he passed the Cat, and swung along at an increased pace amidst the cheers of those who had kept, up with him; After passing this, point Alcock was met by a stiff breeze, which, however, did not seem to in terfere with his progress, but keeping on at a steady pace, and finishing with a tine spurt, ar rived at the goal (opposite the Crescent, Buxton) at 9.34, or sixteen minutes in hand. The last five miles were done in one hour and four min utes, Throughout the whole distance there was no inclination, of a false, step, g? stumble, the walking being fair "toe and heel." Alcock walked the distance without stoppage or refresh ment ; indeed, he expressed his ability and wil lingness to walk back to Macclesfield, under the same time and on similar conditions. Alcock is thirty-six: years of age, five feet eleven inches in height, and carries no superfluous flesh. A.carrier named Thomas Williams, on his way from Beaufort to Rockhampton with a load of wool,- had his waggon, harness, and the wool burned to ashes, near Avoca, on 17th ultimo. The following particulars of the casualty are supplied by a correspondent of the Rockhampton Bulletin: — On the afternoon of the 17th, they (ih.e carriers, two other teams travelling in com pany) drew into camp about five miles east of Avoca. After turning out- his horses, Williams went to one of the other drays to yarn. Before he was there many minutes they heard a roaring noise, and looking back tb. wherd his waggon stood,, saw the fire on the tail of the waggon. They .made a rush tb put .the fire out. Williams also cut the bell rope, and in doing this he got severely burnt. The fire spread 6o quickly that he could not save anything, and his eighteen bales wool, waggon, harness— in fact, everything 1 is burnt to ashes ; even the clothes lie had oh lie I was obliged to tear off his body to save his life. : How the fire originated he does not know — to, the best of his belief there was not even a camp.1 fire at the time. Many strange suicides are from time to time reported, but one of the most remarkable is that related by the Melbourne papers : — A little girl, only elev.en years' of age, named Ellen Dempster, living with her parents at Faraday-street, Carl ton, received chastisement . for some childish fault, and retired to her room in a very sullen mood. Shortly afterwards her mother had oc casion to -visit the room, and made the terrible discovery that the girl had swallowed a heavy dose of oil of tar and chloroform, kept in the house for toothache. The child was lying in the bed semi-unconscious, breathing heavily. An emetic was at once administered, and the child taken to the hospital without delay. On her ar- riual at the instiiuticn other remedies were tried; and they were so far successful that the young patient was pronounced out of danger at mid night. Such a case of determination in a child so young is almost, without parallel. . A letter from San Francisco of the 11th ult. says;— "With a capital stock of '25,000,000 dol lars a gigantic telegraph project has been formed. They say they do not intend doing any business until they have completed the line to New York, continuing with Philadelphia, Washington, . Boston, and other of the principal cities — in all about, 5000 miles of telegraph lines. They will extend lines throughout the United States and territories .and Canada. The. estimated length of the company's lines to be completed is about 75,000 miles. The work is to be commenced at once. It is the intention of the company to have the line to New York completed and in good working order by next spring; A correspondent writes to a Victorian journal with a, view of proving that the insect which causes scab .in sheep is also the cause of the hitherto unaccountable death of many of the gum-trees of the; Western district. There may be something.in-it; but it will be difficult to get the:general;.'pubi.ic to believe that any sane in sect would forsake crossbred miitt-onfor the pur- pose of luxuriating on tho Eucalyptus. Considerable interest was -manifested at the time of the show (the Q'eswic& Advertiser writes) in- two .of the champion rams, which went so far as bets being made as to which of- the two rains had. the. heaviest fleece, Mr. T. M'Cormack's 2- tooth champion or Mr. John Richardson's 4-tooth champion. The former was purchased by Mr. Baird, .of . G1 engo wer, who informs ub that that ram clipped 22£lb., or 6£lb. heavier than the ram to which to champion prize of the yards was awarded. We doubt if this weight of fleece can be beaten in the cclony. We may mention that Mr. J. Richardson's champion Lincoln ewe clipped 221b. The Otago Daily Times says that an impor tant discovery of moa bones has been made north of Auckland by the secretary of the Auck land Institute and. Mr. George Thome. Along the beach for many miles north of Whangarei Heads, they discovered numerous bones, and have brought down portions of 15 moas. The leg hones of one of these indicates a height of 10 feet. Unfortunately there is rio complete skele ton of the head." They also discovered a com plete human skeleton in a sitting posture (as it was usual to bury Maoris); which has been brought into town; together with several other skulls and human bones. With the moa skele tons were found many large-size pebbles, which that bird was in the habit of swallowing with its food ; also a stone hatchet of a very rude type and bits of volcanic glass, evidently chipped for the purpose, of cutting flesh. The bones have evidently, lain .spine hundreds of years, and the natives in.the .district had no knowledge of their existence. : There i3 no doubt whatever that the liatives whose remains have thus been brought fo light lived along the beach. Vegetati'ohmust have grown there at that time, and the- bones be came covered with drift sand.' Bush.fires have burned off the vegetation; and the wind has dis turbed the sand, leaving the hones exposed . again. , The discovery, is . especially important . because hitherto the moa region has been sup- = .posed .to. have, lain entirely south of Auckland, the present being the first discovery of any--re-> mains of this'giganric bird inrthe North. "Possibly > this is. accounted for by the numerous native population in the North exterminating the birds- at ah earlier pferiod' ' their irs other parts of the colony. ; - - « Very few "Chinanieri 'the- WiiAmera Star re--. :mark8) have sufficiently advahced' iii civilization as to be. able to appreciate the advantages of be-r : ifig!"lAm.<j.down:,'%'.puhlicans. There is yet hope for the Celestials, however. ; The other day a Chinaman from one ;of the back .stationsrcame-- to a township .and deposited, \vitb the ; landlord : . a cheque for between £80 . /ind £90. The be nighted Pagan did not, as a- civilized Briton would haye:dpn.e, drink out. all the . money at once, but spent /only, two or three pounds and then returned to work. He was sufficiently alive to what was required of bim to leave the balance of the cheque in the hands of the pabli- j can for a il bust" at Christmas., As an instance of -the-' wonderful results ob tained from the careful breeding of sheep, tUs Melbourne Daily Telegraph states that Mr. W. Davis, rof' Nassau villa.- Coburg, had. two lambs shorn on Friday; the fleeces of which yielded ex actly 381b. 8oz. of wool. The lambs are : only eleven months old, and are of pure Lincoln breed, .the wool being one of the best samples we have seen this season, fully six inches in staple. The Prince of Wales has certainly made (savs the Manchester Examiner) rather a curious choice of gifts for presentation during his visit to In dia. We are informed that the cargo of the Serapis will include " eight, of the best fire-en gines that this country can produce," with the Garter and Collar of his Royal Highness and the Star of the Order of India emblazoned on each. 'What use the native princes will make of these extraordinary presents, it is difficult to imagine. Probably each engine will have an ornamental house built for. its accommodation ; white if they prove superior to the attacks of rust and white ants, it niajr hereafter come to pass that fire-en gine worship will be an accepted creed among the people of Hindoostan. As it is evident from this odd selection that the Prince is in search of novel gifts, we would venture to suggest the following as not less likely tb prove useful than the articles in question : — An assortment of Poole's panta loons ; a few Ulsters of double thickness ; some dozen cases of razors ; a gross or two of tooth brushes ; several pairs of top-boots; a_ hearse, with plumes complete ; two or three hundred sets of knives and forks ; a consignment of eye glasses ; and, most important of all,, some score of stove-pipe hats. By presenting these articles to the native princes of India in full durbah as sembled, his Royal Highness would create such a sensation in the land of Ind as has not been known since the Sepoy revolt. " It is not often," says a Pennsylvania corres pondent, u that I puff an hotel ; but, when I pay my bill at the rate of four dollars a day for steeping in the 'milky way,' .and feeding on a bill of fare", it's a privilege and pleasure to men tion such an institution. .The Atalanta, Ga., is the largest hotel, I presume, in the world. The halls are so long and winding that many waiters get lost while going after- a pitcher of water, and are never heard of until their remains are: ;fouud 3'ears after. I went in one morning and ordered breakfast. A small coloured boy took my order, and it was so far out to the ititehen that he was grown and gray-headed when he got back, The hotel is a very large hotel, and everything about it is large, from the feet of the clerks and the mouths of the waiters to the bills. It is provided with all modern conveniences, hot and cold water, ba3T windows, idiots, dirty sheets — every thing to make the traveller happy — including an undertaker's establishment for the accommoda tion of such boarders as starve to death white waiting for the waiters. It is a very large hotel, and everybod' stops there just once." Whatever the Palmer gold field may be in. the aggregate, to hundreds of healthy, well-to- do people it has brought only misery, disease, and death. An eye-witness informs us (Rock hampton Argus) that the various tracks between Cookto.wn and the Palmer- are thiekty studded with graves, the ranks of the gold-seekers having been decimated by fatigue, exposure, and the unhealthy nature of the climate. Every camp ing ground has its grave-yard ; but repeated dis coveries in out-of-the-vva.y places tell the. sad tale that many have left their bones to bleach in the wilds. A sad case of suffering and death is reported in one of the Cooktown papers. A 3'oung .man named Henry Powles died at one of the camping places on Wilson's track on the dra3"-road from the Palmer, at the head of the Laura. The deceased was in compare with Lyall's teams, and had been suffering very much from rheumatism, and died from weakness and protracted suffering. Lyall buried him, and brought his pocket- book into town. It contained a cheque, drawn by W. E. Arnit, for £4 Ss. lOd.. and a miner's right in favour of the deceased. The Friend of India reports that a frightful catastrophe has befallen a large party of pil grims to the Mahalingam shrine on the Tinne- velly frontier. The' were camped in the dry bed. of a torrent at the base of the shrine on the evening of Sunday last. A correspondent sayB thousands of men, women, and children were talking, or eating, or dancing in the sandy, bed ; hundreds of sheep and fowls, brought up to . be sacrificed, stood in mournful groups, each await ing its turn. At five o'clock there was a heavy shower of rain, but the multitude stirred not ; ten minutes later the hitherto dry bed was full, and the freshet rushed down headlong, cariying those who, notwithstanding all their frantic ef forts to gain .the bank, could not force their way through the crowd. Eusbands rushed for dear life, leaving their wives behind, and vice versa. The piteous" cries of men, women, and children who were being carried away moved not their surviving friends or relatives ; indeed, in the general confusion, which was rendered still more dreadful by the darkness, nothing- in the shape of assistance: could perhaps be tendered or received. The water did not gradually' rise, else the people would have' escaped ; but a wall of water came down unexpectedly, and rendered any attempt of the rear ranks to gain the shore problematical. In half-an-hour the water had fallen considera bly, and one hour after the catastrophe there was no water in the bed, on' the surface was wet and slippery. Man' dead bodies, inter cepted by roots and bushes, were picked up ; a large' number were seen floating on towards the W atrap tank ; some were found jammed between stones ; and only a very few of the ill-starred lot saved themselves by catching a friendly bough. A poor bricklayer, of Madura, who had gone to the feast with his wife and five children, perished with all of them ; a whole family of oilmongers shared the same fate ; a young bride groom on his honeymoon trip escaped, but his bride was lost. It is believed that over 200 men, women, and children must have perished. The Palmer gold field from the day of its discovery has (observes the Rockhampton Capri- eomian) been pronounced upon by two sets of critics. One set has declared that it would eclipse all the other gold fields in Australia — the other that its prosperity was a mere flash in the pan. Both have proved wrong, for the Palmer, if not the richest gold field in Australia, has been the most productive in the colony. From the date of its wery first rush it has . been declared worked out ; yet the yield of gold has continued to increase until on two occasions the public "journals have informed us that the- fortnightly steamer bad sailed from Cooktown. .witlf-.a' i':ton of gold." Besides this, large quantities have been periodically forwarded direct to China. Never at any previous time were the shipments so large as during the last two months; it is but natural, therefore, that of late returning diggers should have been assuring us that the alluvial is worked out, and the payableness of the reefs is problematical." That there are several tons less :g.old in the Palmer rdistrict .to-day than there were two years ago is certain,; but" that the greater portion has already been, taken away is yet to he proved. Indeed, the. presumption is .'thatifryou get ten tons of; gold out of a district in two years, a great deal more than ten tons ' still remains buried in it. , We., believe in the permanence of- the Palmer, and as to. Cooktown, so long- as it remains; the most northerly port of the colony it must be a place of importance. Its . connection with Singapore and Hongkong-is one that will not readily be severed-. A story is told of an old stage coach'nian who: prided himself upon his immunity from cold. His theory was that the use of cold' water .was bad. -Having put up with a shivering companion on the box-seat for some hours, he at last re proached !him in tliefollowing- terras: "I dessay. yer washes yer feet. . Well, there's a pair of feet, in them there shoes of mine as 'asn't been washed sin' I were a babby. Wash ihy feet ! I'd as'leave. think of washing my 'ed." ' # : ' As an instance of the manner in which ' settle- .' ments are extending in the colony' of' Queens land we may mention tbnt there are seventeen ; stations occupied on the Diamantina and West- ' em Rivers, A strange c-ane of a snake being poisoned has been related in. the Burrangong Chronicle, by Mr. Scott, of Murrumburrah. It appears he has been in the habit of emptying the f at left, in the frying pan into a vessel and' afterwards putting strychnine into it for the purpose of endeavour ing to poison the mice. On going into the out- hcnsasTRefe'.iihe'ipijisortcd' fat was kept, Mr. Scott discovered a large.- snake lying on the ground dead. There %vas a small hole in the centre of the fat which had evidently been made by the snake eating it. A sad accident of an extraordinary nature oc curred at Hepburn, Leonard, and Rugg's sale yards on Saturda' (the Warrnarabool Standard states) by which Patrick Rynnmet with his death. Rynn'had made a purchase of some pigs, and was in the act of branding them in the stye by cutting their ears, when the clasp-knife li9 was using slipped, and inflicted a gash on the inside of his right thigh. Rynn went on with his work, thinking lightly of the wound, until his attention was drawn by a bystander to the fact that his boot was full of blood, and the ground where he was standing was stained with it. The poor fellow seemed then to. realise a sense of his dan ger, and getting out of the stye he asked the way to the nearest doctor, and on being directed he went towards the street. Before proceeding far, however, he dropped down in a fainting condition, when several persons started off for Dr. Jamieson, who was quickly in attendance, but too late to save poor Rynn, whose life was fast ebbing away in consequence of the loss of blood. The sufferer was conveyed to the Red Lion Hotel, stripped, and prompt remedies taken. No fresh blood issued from the wound after the poor fellow was taken to the hotel, where he gradually sank and died within an hour after the accident. Four hundred thousand pounds for a head of hair is a startler. Our readers do not believe, it ? Well, then, they must have a suspicion of the correctness of what appears in the newspapers. If we are to believe a paragraph that has gone the rounds of .the press, Madame Nilsson pos sesses a head of hair which she might readily turn into £400.000. According to a medical journal — The Universe — there are from 160,000 to 200,000 hairs in a lady's head, Madame Nilsson possesses a splendid head of hair, and probably has the full complement of individual hairs. We are informed by the same journal that the gifted Nilsson sold a hair from her head for £2, and that in a few moments the Swedish songstress was surrounded by admirers anxious to buy a hair at the same rate. The sate took place at a fancy fair in New York, and, we are glad to find, in the cause of charity. Just imagine the number of charitable institutions that might be established if the 200,000 hairs were sold at the same rate, A valuable natural head-dress, truly ! The Border Post (Albury) has the following narrative of a disgraceful scene in the far-away bush -A more generous or warm-hearted speci men of an Australian shearer never entered a shed on the Murrumbidgee than Jerry Cronin ; year after year he worked like a " tiger" on every floor in the district, and being dexterous at the shears he was readily employed by every flock- master who desired to have his sheep shorn in a workmanlike manner. He had every season, in common with the majority of his as'sociates, re ligiously " knocked down"' his cheque at the first ehanty that he found on his loute. However, these heavy debauches left sad traces on his countenance, and he resolved that his earnings 1875 should not be recklessly thrown away. Al. his mates were astonished at this resolve, and the news was spread at nil his old haunts. Even Mr. Elijah Sharp, the cock-eyed host of the Swaginan's Arms Hotel — a miserable wattle-and- dab shanty, roofed with bark, on the Magpie Gully — heard of it, and was sorely perplexed after having been informed that Jerry had a £40 cheque which he had determined upon hoarding. " By the great guns," soliliquised Sharp, "Jerry .Cronin, does not pass the Swagman's Arms Hotel, with a forty-pouuder cheque in his pocket. The fellow will set the Murray or the Federal City on fire, unless he is lambed down." Three days after Mr. Sharp had thus discoursed with his noble self, who should he espy coming over the hill but the veritable Jerry and another shearer, both in heavy marching order, and looking as a pair of American Crusaders. Sharp (on their approach) : "Good day, mates, are you in want of a job ?" Jerry (looking significantly at his companion) : "Don't mind; what's it at?" Sharp : " Oh, it's easy enough. I'm going to a prize quoit match next week, and I want to keep my hand in ; so if you will play dummy with me till Saturday night, I'll give you £1 each, with plenty drinks and good tucker." The bar gain was struck and the trio were engaged at quoit- playing until Saturday evening, when they adjourned to the bar where mine host of the Swagman's Arms discharged his obligations by giving each a pound note, and liberally " shout- ing" three or four stiff decoctions of his " fer mented and spirituous liquors." At this juncture an accomplice entered the hostelry, who, with much swagger, pulled out a "Brummagem" cheque and shouted for himself and the land lord, at the same time surveying the quoit- players with a look of the most withering scorn, and upbraiding the, landlord in more forcible than polite language on his extravagance in en couraging a pair, of loafers hanging about his place, hungering after drinks, and sponging on hard-working, honest men. Cronin, whose bl.ood was up and could not stand the taunt: "Who do you call a loafer to? I'm a darned sight better nor you with your bit of a cheque. What do you think , of that ?" and suiting the action to the word he brought his £40 cheque down with a thump on the counter. Sharp, picking up the cheque and pocketing it : " Hold your tongue, or out you go. He is an honest man, and sha'n't be insulted under my roof." Two or three additional glasses settled Jerry Cronin. Suffice it to say he steered hiB course from the Swagman's Arms on the following Saturday morning without cheque or change, and is now confined for eight days for medical treatment. No doubt when he recovers his rea son he will never again engage in a quoit-playing match with the crafty host of the Swagman's ArmB. . . Whether a woman is to .be considered a widow because her husband is in a state prison for life is, says an American journal; the hard question that bothers a California judge. Perhaps our readers have forgotten : there' have been so many such' occurrences since — the shooting of one Q'Niel in New York, about1 two years ago, by J aines C. King. King had made life so un- happy'ffo'r his wife 'that -she sued for divorce, and the case was in hearing, by a' referee ; and she was attended to- these hearings by Mr. and Mrs. ,.0'Niel, -her friends. King jealously waylaid ' O'Niol, shot him dead, and wa3 sentenced to im prisonment for life, and is in Sing Sing now. Now, Mrs. King's' "father, a Sandwich Island merchant, had been the victim of King's temper some years before, to th6 extent of a shot in the breast, from which he eventually died, having bequeathed hia daughter only a small allowance while she remained King's wife, hut the whole of his estate the day she became his widow. In New York law tliat' day :cam'e when King was committed to the State prison. He became dead, civilly ; his property belonged:, to his heirs, and his wife might iriarry, just as if he were a cold 'corpse. r. And ,Mvs. : King sued; ;in the- Probate Court at San Francisco for her father's California estate, alleging that she is King's widow, within the. conditions of her father's , will. Judge My- rick, of the San Francisco Probate Court, has decided in the case that New. York law is good in California, "and. , that the plaintiff is made a widow by her husband's life imprisonment, and is: 'consequently entitled to inherit" under her father s will. It is a rather queer corrollaxy of the decision "that '.Mrs. King purposes to use the :ten thousand Rollers she will' get in procuring :a- . new. trial for. her. husband;,. in the hope to resur rect him. And. this, too, when she was labour ing for a divorce when he murdered O'Niel. As the old London porter said — " Rum . creeters is wiramen." \ \ 