Mining Miscellany. LADY ALICE.—The result of the Lady Alice crushing is 200 ozs. 1 dwt., from 160 tons of stone. DECREASE OF GOLD IN NEW SOUTH WALES.—The "Sydney Morning Herald" furnishes the following return respecting the gold yield of New Souti Wales for 1873 ard 1S74 :—Ti 1863 the receipts from the Westem initios were 268,11 S oz. • Southern, 00,G'.)2 nz. ; Northern CiOSfi oz. ; total, 3-28.1 Of) oz. For 1874 the receipts were : Western mines, l!l6,0(i(i < ern, 8o70oz. ; total, oz. BALLARAT GOLD YIELD. The Ballarat Star furnishes ti synopsis of thr gold ret urns of the quartz mines of the district for the last quarter of 1874 and tor the two previous ones. From this it will he -seen that the yield of gold in the mining- distr.sict of Ealhirat lias b-en steadily increasing-. Tiie yield for the last quarter was 620 oz. in excess of the previous one, and the aver age tier ton of quartz is also more satisfactory. The Black Hill Company heads the list of yields with 12-'58 oz The Temperance follows next with 1069 'i/.., from depths varying from 400 to 700 feet. The totalis as follows :—Alluvial gold, 738-1 oz. 13 dwt. 8 gr.; quartz do.. 81 3 oz. 1 dwl. 20 gr.; total, 1 o, fiL'7 oz. 18 dwt. 4 gr. Gold purchased liy six banks, 24.912 oz. 9 cwt. IGOT. A SHAFT ON FIRE.—The Pleasant Creel't New.s reports that a party of miners working on the Tronbark Kanoe:; suffered a heavy loss by a bushfire oil Friday. They had left work the previous day, and as usual had lowered all the tools down the shaft, leaving the rope on the windless. Duringtheir absence the bushfire reached the place. A brush miamia, which had been erected for its shade, was an easv prey for the flames, and as the shaft I was well " logged up" the logs and j windless were soon blazing merrily, i As they burnt they slipped out of pos- ! ifion and fell down, the shaft, where I thev. and the tools, rope, it., were all burning when the miners arrived. So utterly was the lace of the country changed that they had some dificulty in finding their claim, and when they did so it was only to find their entire mining plant destroyed, and flames almost filling the shaft as thev rushed up from the blazing heap below. A PROFITABLE MINE.—The " Ballarat Star" states that " the New North Clunes Company has declared a dividend, which will complete the sum | of £200 per share paid t.o the share- ! holders since, tin- first dividend was made in August, 1868. The total I gold won amounts to nearly £"700,000. j It has cost the company about £310,000 : to win this splendid result. Nearlv the whole of this sum has been spent! in Chines, and mu :h of the. amount j paid awav in dividends has been paid i.o dunes shareholders, while the com- j pany\s ciienrv and usefulness has also been demonstrated in giving to that j town one of the finest water-supplies j in the colony. The Port Phillip Com- j pnnv has raised move gold than the | New North Clunes Company, but j * it i- a much older company and we mav point with pride to ! t' is company and to the New North Clunes Company that they have fought out a method of quartz mining and and treatment of quartz and pyrites which is a credit to the colony, and a lasting honor to the men "ho have. pi aimed :.nd executed the works now existing on the hill at Clunes, where Esmond first discovered a spick of gold " MINING THEFTS.—Robberies from mines, remarks the''Ballarat Courier" are cropping up to an alarming extent. The latest ease reported occurred at the Sovereign Company's mine, and from what we have heard ir would appear that it has been systematically carried on for at least twelve months. For some time quicksilver has been missed -+Vom the bat tery, but it was thought that, it had been lost in the crushing. On the morning of the 4th January it was discovered that 100 lb weight had been abstracted, and that the ripples ; the conviction being forced on the directors of the company that in place of the amalgam escaping-, as they thought., it was being regularly stolen. The police accordingly were communicated with, and Detective Hyland took the matter in hand' and the culpiifs were not loin 1 " in being- detected. Hyland ascertained that silver was being sold in quantities to Mr. Owen, of the Main road, and the description obtained c u-iespnndedwith that of two young men named James and Andrew M 'Nair who with their father, worked at the sovereign mine. The lads were questioned on the matter, and Andrew said he had got some silver in the sludg- channel from the mine. On 14ch Jan., however, they were brought before tin" directors, and on being taxed with the theft made a full confession of their crime. They admitted having within the last twelve months taken no less then 500 lb weight of silver, which, exclusive of the gold, is valued at £200. Warrants were procured, and in the evening Detective Ilyhind arrested by doth of them, and lodged them in the Eastern lock up MINING IN VICTORIA.—We have frequently pointed out that mining as an industry presents more risks to tlm investor than almobt any other specula-I tive industry into which he can put hi 'loney. The cause is obvious. In he one case a blind confidence must br ilaced in the honesty of employers; in he others, as a rule it is possible t,< '•five complete supervision and control tn all ordinary operations of trade ; ^vs'ern of checks may be employed to in- vent peculation ; in mining there little or no check against wholesale 'binder. The Victorian miner r sents is an insult the proposal to S'-arch him wh^n he comes up from the claim, and vet it is undeniadle that only by such i course is it possible to guarantee to \- hareholders in a mining claim the. bill possession of their property. Com- "laints are more than usually life just, now of mine robberies, although possibly the ofi'erice prevails to no greater extent now t han at any previous period in the nirifei-ous historv of the colonv. Nor IS it surprising perhap;, that miners should be apt pupils where examples of promoters, directors and manag-ers are so notoriously frequent. It is bi-Iieved to bo a common practice fbr managers and directors tobein collusion to ob ain full possession of a mine the shareholders' money being expended uoon present unremunerative work that will be valuable when they have become woary of paving calls, and allow their sh ares to become forfeited, The svstem of ._'old mining in this colony is full of difficulties of this character, making- an ill vestment in such stock perhaps the most risky of all investments, unless to those who are connected with the prac- tical working of a mine.— "Leader'' 