Country and Mining News. (PBOM OTJB COBBEBPONDENTS.) PARRAMATTA. February 8. ELECTION OF ALDERMEN.-The declaration of the poll waa announced to take place in the court-house on Saturday last at IS o'clock, but in consequence of the court being engaged at that time in trying a prisoner, the Mayor announced the result from a side room, where very few knew anything about it, and the candidates had no opportunity of returning thanks. The result of the poll ls as follows :-Anderson Ward : Hugh Taylor, 131 ; J. W. Pnss, 77 i majority for Air. Taylor, 54 Marsden Ward: William Drew, 97 ; J. Galloway, 31 ; majo rity for Mr. Drew, 06. Gore Ward : E. Cox, 83 ; G. E. Young, 77 . majority for Mr. Cox, 5. Forest Ward : J. Willis, 4Ü; J. Smith, 41; majority for Willis, 1. POLICE COURT, SATURDAY.-James M'Fittrldge, a re spectable looking young man, was arrested by constable Hose, under u warrant, charged with obtaining money by means ..of false pretences. It appeared that prisoner was drinking at ivl'Oullooh's public-house, and while there asked Ur. M'Culloch if he had a blank cheque. Mr. M'Gullooh gave him one on the Commercial Bank, Parramatta, and prisonor filled it up for £50 10s lOd, and asked the publican to cash it. Mr. M'Culloch gave him £5 in advance, when prisoner told him it would be all right if he presented in a day or two, or Mr. Bhoot (Tooth's traveller) would cash it. On presenting lt to the bank, it was found that prisoner had no aaoount there, and eventually it was found to be a valueless cheque. A largo amount of evidence was taken. Prisoner wusoommltted to take his trial at the Quarter Sessions to be holden at Parramatta, 19th instant. Bail was allowed. TnE WEATHER.-A most glorious steady fall of rain has set in Bin ce Thursday lost. Nothing could be more welcome, as almost everything was. at a standstill In this district for the want of it. Previous to the rain fulling the town was full of smoke caused by a large bush-fire raging on the southern side of the railway line. 