T11E WEATHER AND BUSH FIRES. A most agreeable change has, since onr last issue, taken place in the weather. During the early part of yesterday it was tolerably warm, but towards evening the thermometer fell con siderably, aud during the night it was positively chilly. The rain which fell during Friday even ing appears to have been very general through out the colony, and to have hud the effect, to a great extent, of extinguishing the bush fires. The thermometer at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, Tall .Mall, registered as follows:—Saturday— 9 a.m., 74° ; 110011, 93° ; 3 p.m., 92°; 6 p.m., 71 ° ; maximum, 96 ° ; minimum, 66 Baro meter—9 a.m., 29'2-tO; 6 p.m., 29'290. Sunday. —Thermometer—9 a.m., 72° ; lioon, 85°; 3 p.m., 88 ° ; 6 p.m., 72 ° ; maximum, 89 ° ; mini mum, 59 ° . J3arom"eter—9 a.m., 29-340; 6 p.m., 29-310. Our Huntly correspondent writes:—Since I last wrote I have little fresh to send i-especttug the fire, only that from what I can hear the lire had reached the farm of Mr. Lee on the Yankee Creek, and had it not been for the sudden change in the wind, he believes that nothing would have saved his house and crop, as it had caught his fence when the wind suddenly changed to the southward and diverted its course, and the rain coming on so providen tially, put further fears out of the farmers' minds. In fact, had it not been for the rain that fell on Friday night, there is no telling what amount of damage in addition to that already done would have resulted, as the lire had got so great a hold that it was thought it would be impossible to prevent its progress. Our Inglewood correspondent, writing on Saturday, says:—To the great relief of everyone here the spread of hush fires has been rendered impossible by a smart shower o£ rain, which fell last evening—the first for five weeks. This week has certainly been a terrible one in this district, the heat and hush fires never before having been equalled. All Thursday smoke rose up in per fect mountains in size from the lire to the west of the town, and the same afternoon the fire-bell was rung, calling for men to proceed to the Inglewood Cemetery to save it from destruction, aud about thirty or forty men hurried olf, hut on arrival found that the danger had been exaggerated. However, being there, most, of them remained aud put the fence beyond the reach o£ danger by burning clear of grass and bushes a large space all round it, while others proceeded further on to where some fires were burning near farms on the Loddou, and rendered good service there. Yesterday the wind blew from the north in the morning, and so kepi the tire to the westward in ihe unoccupied bush, but at twelve o'clock the wind gradually shifted round, and c.uue from the west and south, bringing the big fire mentioned right straight towards the town, and about four in theafiernoon a southerly gale set in with violence. At five a mounted trooper galloped into the town aud stated that, unless help was immediately sent, all the farms on the Caledonian Flat would be enveloped b} a fire that was rushing before the wind along the Kingower road. Sergeaut Delaney had the firebell rung, aud in a few minutes the fire bri gade and a large crowd of volunteers assembled before the engine-house ready to go otf as vehicles arrived to take them. These were soon forth coming, as a large number of spring carts, buggies, and waggonettes were just returning from the funeral of the late Mrs. Kllis, and as each one came up it was rushed by those in waiting, and the owners good-naturedly drove off immediately at .vi alarmingly rapid pace to wards the scene of the fire about two miles on the Kingower road. Nearly 300 men and boys went oil" in this manner, on foot, aud on horseback, all being determined that the Caledonian Flat farms should be saved from destruction. Along- the road were to be seen houses being emptied of their contents prepara tory to a llight from the rapidly advancing enemy. On reaching the farms threatened, it was decided to burn all the scrub, grass, and dead timber round the fences to meet the fire. This was done by those present, under the direc tion of Captain Tatchell of the fire brigade, bur, just as the work was nearly completed, a shower of rain fell, which tendered it unnecessary to lake any further trouble, and a start was made for home. Great credit is due to everyone for the manner in which ihe call for help was re sponded to. Half an hour could not have elapsed between the time of the lite-bell ringing and the arrival on the spot of the 3(K> hands mentioned. I am informed that two farmers were com pletely burnt out at. Kingower on Thursday night. Our Melbourne correspondent writes:—Are freshing shower fell last ; Friday) night after the despatch. of my parcel, but. the rain lias not been suliieient. to lead to any relaxation of the strin gent means initiated by the Water Department a few days ago for the purpose of economising ihe supply. The inhabitants of the suburbs are still loud in their complaints respecting the periodical turning off of the water, and ths de partment is still besieged with applications on the subject. In numerous cases, in consequence ] of this alleged VV;istc of water, the supply has I been fcummarily eiU off altogether. ! The M. A. Mail reports:—Dur'ng the past week this colony has been visited by a terrible list of destructive fires. From all directions accounts have been published not only of the loss of crop*, but who homesteads and their contents. Many a stiiving family have been in a fow minuter red ic.ul from cMr,parative independenc-i to utter ruin and helplessness—their all being destroyed, the result of their aiftbitiofi and a.wlngs ruthlessly sweptaway ' before their eyes, without the power to avert it. .Such wan the. case. at. Klphiustohe on Thursday ! night. An alarm of fire wart ruined about 10 o'clock, and amongst oUiers Who .rushed to give aid and assistance was a Mr II. V". Just-ieo, who, half dressed, rati as lie thoiuht to aid a neighbor. It turned out, however, that, tho conflagration (a very extensive one), was oniy a bush one n-iar Taradale, and tlie party I'eturned. .Mr. Justice wan, however, thunderstruck, on reacain^ his own premises, to find that he had, during liis absence, been rendered homeless an-1 houseless, the whole promises having been banned to the ground. From wh it can bo gathered, that, soon alter Mr. Justice went away, one of the. children got u\S hud lighted a candle, which .she plac.nl on the dressing table, ami that a sudden gust, of wind blew tho curtains across the (lmie. In about two minutes tlie house was m a ■blaze. Fortunately tho children csoiped, but not a particle of tiie furniture or clothes was saved. Great sympathy is felt, both at Klphiustone and here, with tho suffering family, and prompt mea sures have been taken to ;iUeV5at\4 th'cil- liistr.'.fn. Tho TrentTian\ otinefrpiMdeiit of the Kyhcton Observer write*:—J'ire.i hsive been raging all round us since Sunday. l'hu he*t is greater than it baa been fiM' many years. On Monday the thermome ter stood at Uli dc4, at nine o'clock a.m. Tuesday, Wednesday, and Tuursday, it has been 115 deg. The glass stands in a passage with doors open at each end, consequently there i.i a strong current passing through. Seeing: that we are over '2.^U0 feet above the level of the sea, I cannot help pity ing the Sandhurst and Melbourne folk. Yesterday the house and. pslrt of the crop, belonging to M Donnelly* Were destroyed by fire. Mr Thrum had ilia large stable, and a valuable lot of harness,' totally consumed. Tho firewood at the Sultan ciuim was observed to be in flim.-s early yesterday, ad tho whistles soon give Uie alarm, and hundreds of men hastened to the spot, and after considerable exertion, and many soorchings, tn« fire was ex tinguished. X have just heard that Mr. Dunn, a small farmer, at east i'leiuhani lias lost his house and part of his crop by tire this morning. Froiu the appearance of the country around oh Tuesday night, I fear that many serious losses must have occurred. Tho fcauie journal says; —The intensely hot Vreather which has prevailed during the week has had a very bad effect upon the gardens and or chards in this district. Tho apples and pears, which promised to bo a Most abundant crop, are many of them shrivelled up, Whilst a large propor tion hive dropped from the trees. The foliage of some deciduova tV'oes has been castas freely as though this were the beginning of autuni. Poplars ir. the more exposed localities are quite bare, the ground around then being thickly strewn with the crisp green leaves. Yesterday ufteiuoou the wind cuauged round to the west, and towards evening there was a pleasant fall of rain, which continued at intervals during the night. An t».U instance of the effects of the intense heat of the past few days, wc (Aryus) are infotmed that tho inspector of the Fish Market, has, in one day, sent to the corporation l* tip" seven tons of per fectly fresh fish, and two hundred pai.s of rab bits, the hawkers being unable to face their usual rounds. The Pleasant Creek News writes: —1The tires on the Grampians have had th« effect of almost stupifying the wallabies, that have been driven fiom their haunts by it. They hio to be found in crowds at every watering place for a great distance, and are rendered quite tame by the fright and exhaustion of their rapid travelling. Advantage has bc-:u taken of this fact, by sevoral who like an easy kind of limiting, and th* assembled marshals llaVo been slaughtered. .thilUsr.ttnre.-dstingly. It is atao feared that the fiVe will drifo the deer from their haunts, and perhaps lesult in checking thei. numerical progress. A party of miners who are workiug on the Ironhark ltanges Buffered a heavy loss by a bush fire yesterday. They nail left work the pre vious day, anil, as usual, nad lowered all the tools down the shaft, leaving the rq»eon the windlass. During thoir absence the bushfire reached the place. A bnish mia nUa, which hail been erected for its shade, was of course easy prey for the flames, and as the snaft was well lodged up the logs and windlass were soon blazing merrily. As tney hurnt they slipped out of position and feli down the j shaft* where they and the tools, rope, &cM; were all burning when the miners arrived. So utterly was the face of the country changed that they had some difficulty in finding rueir claim, and when they di.i so it was only to find their ciiti e miuing plant destroyed, and flames almost filling the shaft as they rushed up from the blaziug heap below. 