NEWS AND NOTES. Tuesday was the hottest day of the season hitherto. The sun heat was more intense than on Monday, and the air was made thicker and hotter by bush-fires raging all round the horizon. At night. Mount Buninyong was- lit up with bright red fires, and our country corres pondents send in accounts of fires burning in various . places. At Linton the telegraph poles were burnt, and two lines of fire were converging on the township and threatening greater disaster. In the sun at noon, or a little after, the thermometer registered over 130, ’and in the shade over 90. As we write at 9.45 p.m., our office thermometer reads 88. ’ ; A public meeting will be held in the Alfred Hall this evening, by convention of the mayors, at the requisition of a number of citizens, for the purpose of .discussing the present aspect of the land question. The aims of the promoters will be gathered from the following'resolutioh, which will; bs: submitted to the meeting:—“ That this meeting, believing that miich of our pass and present landlegislation has been mostdisas trous'to the welfare’of the colony, - obstructive’ -of the -permanent loriaflde settleraeutin it Of.an industrious population, proportionate to the resources of the land alienated^and .conducive to r a wholesale, monopoly of the public estate by-capitalists,, is satisfied that the time has arrived when the people of Victoria should unite' and demand' an entirely hew land' 'fiolidy a's : the'‘ chief means of saving the colony from the' 'ruin’ with which it is thereby and that' the' best’ method to secure £ sound land policy will' bo by 'esta blishing a powerful organisation' of colonists of all classes,'to be called the Victorian Land League, or some other name, for the purpose of initiating and main taining such, a, policy as will, meet the present and future requirements of the 'colony, the leading features in which should The State to be the perpetual landlord’ of 'all existing Crown lands, hud of all: free hold land th#t may revert , to it. 2. A graduated scale of freehold land,taxation.. 3...A restriction on the maximum,area of land that: may} be'-, bequeathed,; !or that may by to any one.ihdlyidual. 4. ’Agricultural land that may selecte'd,', juhder any, title, by one pefsoh,;.6f,by;dne family,, to' he limited, according to its quality and locality, to certain maxi mumareas.” , ; ■;. .... • • Our fires are raging in alLdirections., through .the, ranges id this locality, rendering the heat in- the’’ township almost, unendurable.,. There"are,, np reports of,.the destruction of any property as it "is feared that should the .present, weather continue much longer there will be a repetition'of the destruction which took place from tlie same cause last summer.” A, lamentable .and .fatal accident occurred on Tues days to" Mr William John 1 Phillips, 'pfdddoe-dealer, - Kaglan street, Ballarat.’ WHis.‘Horae bolted with the cart, and Mr Phillips held on by the animal’s head as long as he could, but eventually he fell, and the wheel went- over his side. His .ribs were frac tured, and he was also very badly bruised. He was re ceived into the Hospital shortly after noon on the same day, but died during the evening. The deceased was 31 years of age, and a married man. Two dreadful bash fires are now raging close to the township of Linton. The telegraph posts on the Linton and Soarsdale road are destroyed. The fires are situated, one at the back of Mr J. Danke’s pre mises on the_Linton and Scaredale road, and spread-: ing rapidly towards the township; the other about'a quarter of a mile from the back of the State school, both converging to one point, namely, the township. The amount qf damage-will be igreat, .and at present the township itself appears to ’be in great dange'r. Fur ther particulars will be sent to-morrow. Mr Hopper, the coroner, held ah' inquest on Mon .day, on,; the-body of, James Thomas Ballipgham or Lillinghain, who' was killed by a' liick from'a hbrse. A verdict accordingly was found of death by a kick from a horsa. n . ; i \- There is a strong determination on the part of the Ballarat Fire Brigade not to>be.second at any fire in their district, and they have now secured a “ break," .a vehicle similar in structure to a gig. ..This “.break” is drawn by one'horse, and~has seat accommodation. for four persons, two in front and two behind. The hose- carriage can -bo affixed.to. the_“ break!’..by moans of a swivel fastener in a couple of seconds, and the whole looks like an uncovered waggonette, about the weight when loaded of an ordinary cab. A trial of. . the “ break,” which, was made by( Mr S. Trend, coach builder, Dawson- street,., took,place-on Tuesday even ring, and the. firemen expressed great satisfaction at ' the way in which "it, performed the • wdrk- fbf which it is required.... A stable has.been erected to the right of the ‘ station-house' in Barkly»street, v'and ’the ’firemen, intend to have the horse standing in -the shafts of the break" all night,- so that everything will be i;eady at the first'’toll- of the.’fire- hell.'.uThe -totalmost of the break” is £26, and the horse £2O. ■ The annual meeting of . the Ballarat District.'Suuduy sohoql. IJuion was held in the Baptist Church; >Daw- Eoh'atreefc, Ballarat, on 19th‘January;' 'There' was a; very good attendance. ’ The Rev; J;-Walker; president, of the Union, presided; and the Revs. R. X- Walker, J; Albiston, J. Barton,,T. Copeland, and.R. ,G. Atkinson ’ took part in the proceedings. Tlie Rev. W. C. Banning, of Geelong, was also present, and delivered on the occasion an impressive address, entitled “ A Grip for,Lite.” The chairman, in the pro ceedings, expressed regret that the'annual meeting’ had taken; place on the same evening os the, concert at Sebastopol in aid of.the Sunday-schools.' Mr Banning” in the course of. His remarks,"related a recent striking .deathbedsscene at Geelong, which ho.regarded as the ’ onlv, genuine deathbed cpnVoraion in his "experience, ‘.The young 'mim la question sent bis dying message to his young frienda imploring them net to delay, their conversion.'' The annual report showed that £3L‘ 10s ;9d,,ha _library, and that £2O of this sum had been sent home to England to purchase the first instalment of . books. Messrs Rent; Urep, and : Nettell;..with a. numerous choir, rendered, a number of seleotiona, with- much efiect, and.the whole proceedings. Were interesting and instructive;’ '■ '" ” ‘ On Monday: a ; woman ,named. Mary, M’Lennan, who resided near the Band of Hope, Sebastopol, sustained ■severe -injury to' ifip boacl, through a portion!: of a ’ stack of’wood .falling’on her,-. .She vyas admitted into' the Hospital on Tuesday afternoon,, and was said to be then in an unconscious state., ,It appears that she was a recipient of outdoor relief from the Benevolent 3;" ’::3 3- A picnic was given to the children of Happy Yalley, to celebrate the opening of -the - now State.'school there." Mr P. Russell, Hon.’J.' Cumming, Messrs'S; Wilson, of Brcildoun; J. Clarke, Emu‘Hill; E.’Morey, g. H- Ijodk, M.L.A.J M. Barrbwclough, Q. Forman, and J/gfCjlllfypr Btibscribed ’towards ths entertain ment. , • The treat tq tjip chiklf-pn wgs given’ qp the gfeeh in front' of, the.Rchbol, ‘and prizes' were given for walking and running amongst them in the 'shape of toy s'amounting to about : £2, ■ About 400 children were there, and the -amount of fun amongst them was highly enjoyable.‘There was KULnnt Sally,'l “ bobbing .for applav’., “ Kiss jn. ring,’!- and various, juvenile ■ games during- toe, afternoon. the; plijldtpn’s treat Was '6ver,' at about . 8 ■ p'.m., -. there'; waa enough leffi to’ehtertaih’the adiiltsj' -’and’ they- retired, to the to enjoy a cup of tea. ‘ The time : was-'fissted-fa'ifegiSg'- And‘ Nr.;;Mp;Barrpw: dough entertained" them with some adept readings, ■: ’delivere'd'-rin t -exceedingly good,, style; and' the affair terminated at -."'Expresaions.of raatia-' I'faotibni'wefdrapeatedW'niade by‘the’parents’of pupils attending:the.achool,;oa to, tho obndlict.arid. ability of | tbe-head Mr. Myles assistants, Mrs M. Hartley and Mrs Q. Forman;, and.the pupil teachers. The inhabitants'; of ~Happy"'Talley are s o pleased With the event, tbafcdtbVy are determined to make it an annual one. The school is.a very hand some brick anil!: cement buildinff,'.constructed to con i ;tain-250 children, but; already* 270;are attending; and some have nob yet attended sincathe holidays. There are-three rooms in the school of the following dimen siojM-j-65 ft,!xj 20 ft, ;10 ft x 20 ft,; and, 20 ft x 20 ft. -TL&:ihterio£.lfftting*/pf. the'sohool jure; extremely good, every available inchTof space takeh.the utmost advan tage of, and yet so as to have no crowding. Every . care., has takeii to. secure thorough yentilaticn, and, on the whole, the building reflects great credit’ on the constructor, Mr J. G. Colliver. . The dye returns to the charge and aasejts that there was a slight increase in the gold yield of ISTrf as compared with 18731 'WA cannot say that we thinfc/that the Aye proves itacase. In. fact, in face of the; known. decUne.-.in yields- here ’and/ elsewhere during the year, it is scarcely probable that our. con temporary is in:ithe;right.. 'Still,.we shalL.be all the ; bettor pleased if it is.. !-•' ■/, The ratepayers' of dunes decline ' (say's; the Guar dian) to be troubled with a' new- Board of Advice. Acting upon our advice they wisely refrained from nominating gentlemen to succeed those who resigned. ;Up'to four o’clock yesterday afterMoop, the time for receiving nominations, not a single, .'nomination; paper • had been.leftwith the town-clerk, • ‘ <-• Our Smy thesdale! correspondent" Arrange-, meats are being-made for-an entertainment to be held on Friday evening next, in connection with the Juve nile Temperance Lodge- here. The have bean, for some time past, learning pieces for recitation; ,and singing oh the occasion! It is intended to invite all the parents of 'the children.to- the. entertainment; for the purpose of. showing them the progress ■ made .by the little members of- the lodge.” . A testimonial is!now. in bourse,of preparation, to be presented shortly by :the inhabitants of- Happy Talley to tlie Reyi Mr Mercer, of St. Mark’s Church of -Eng land; as a. slight recognition’of his services, ’hot only J as administer of the gospel, .but as a/.visitor ;o£ the, sick, andfor-his kindness to all, not only those of his pwn;Congregation, ‘but to alTwho were afflicted. The'hahie of Mr John Lombard, the hew: manager of, tboJEank of Australasia, was erroneously printed Lambertdn our Tuesday’s issue, ‘2 : rmT ‘! Mr O’Loughlin-.’fr'uiterer, of Bridge street, has sen* us 5s towards; the' fhnd ! how. being raised ...for ,th e widows of Band-master Nesbitt and Drill- instructor Heath. We have handed over the-' money to Mr White. S = ; ‘' ! ■ . ■ "- A special mass will be given in - the R.C.- Chiurchj Learmonth',’ on Sunday'next; ’after which a congrega tibnaLmeetiag'wiil be held;" ■ •- On Tuesday Constable ..Desmond, -of Buninyohg, arrested a female named Selina Bracken; on a /charge ■ of having, on 18th January, stolen a dress; a’hat;’a" scarf, &c.;, value £2, the property, of Ann Lougbnan; of the Buninyong locality.. The prisoner was’brought to Ballarat‘on Tuesday afternoon-. ''f . On,T,uesday. afternoon, fMr James Smith, bricklayer, residing ati ? Bumnyong7;waßTreoeivVd.. intojthe Hos pital, suffering from'a-soalp wound and two Angers lt appears that lie had ’.been.holding a librae whioh bolted and knockedßim d.bwhj .and .the wheel /passed over his-head. and. Angers. Mr Smith!ri a? widower;and 50 years of age. - ■ A butcher named Thos.. Sidebottom . again/figured in the Creswick-Police-court yesterday,' and-was again fiiiedj£s for using obscene language.. "He’Was also ohargediwrtb threatening and violent pbhduct towards W. Tregonning;-he was bound over- to keep.’tho.poace; for six months. •• ; ;Our SmythVadaleMrrespoudent writes:—On Mon day, between the hours of 10 a,m. and 4 p.m., some! person broke into a-house belonging to' a Chinese' hawker na'med Ah How, residing hear the toll- gate on the Ballarat road.,| An,' entrance'was effected by making an aperture in the .chimney, and abouk. : lBsiia', silver,;, a:,pair: of blankets. 'iO lb -of .tea, and-other, articles wereabstracted.!' : The affair.' is in : the bands of the- police, /-who are making, diligent search after the' culprit.” ; ~ ' . ... * More forest destruction.' The Pleasant OridtNejh says:—“From some recent: visitors to .the:Black' Range, we learn that the raids of the wattle- bark strippers'Arid round ./timber/. 'cuttersi- in. that’ Locality I have resulted in thebdeatrubtion of most of thb well grown-wattles,-and:very many young trees of various :kinds have-been /destroyed. .Those -Who kno w What a / pleasant summer resort-the Black Range is, will join in expressing the hopebthat it -is v ubt -to;be utterly spoiled by ‘the utilitarian 'and dollar- loving spirit of, the-times.’.’. ,r,."C 1'.:.-.,-. ;‘ T j Any one passing by' Mr Curtis’; printing establish-; meht in Armstrong street oh Tuesday, may have sbe’A stretching , along .the pavement , some; 30- feet. ‘,6p so of what had the appearance of wet: and/ dirty un twin eii !rope;; ./This .was a : mass of the fibrous roots! of a willow •growing* in:-Mr Curtis’.yaril at,: about!,3o feet from a tank or well’ into which zinc/pipes-were led, frbmbthe.,adjacent/'roof. - A day or two ago Mr CurtiSj'aftpr'a lapse of some time, sought to pour some Water'frbm-the-roof to the tank, and : found that the watec . didj not /.rim. off.-b On.examining othe pipes he found their cavity completely fllled'wp"with the rbots’bfthe/.tre.e; which: had rim through some'3o feet of,ground and. then got into and filled up the.pipes//’ y A very sudden death from: cholera , occurred last cWefejt||!kt'Ararat'■":Tho~ : Jldverfiur'mys that:-—“The deceased-^Mrs"Davidson, ;!aged Vtwenty : biie, and a daughter of Mr Guy, brickmaker,’ of this place-^-took; ill on Wednesday ■ morning at two o’clock, and died ;attef thirty'‘hours’ illness.' : Shehad- bean complaining :^Ugiitly^n t |p!iMay:oTenjng v before’ goipg.to biit; did hotappear sufficiently ill to' !give any ’ cause 'for alarm. At two o’clock in the morning the .usual symptoms presented themselves; when medical, assist-. auce was at once obtained. case, in its symptoms ancLprogress is stated to resemble Asiatic much more than English cholera.” . : , - , .The'receipts-from the government railways • for the week ending :14th-January amounted to £17,382; against £16,178 for.-. the corresponding; week of last year,. .Aggregate to date- from Ist July—lB7s, '£515,878; 1871, . £480,0/'4.',' tFeekly /average (28 weeks);—lB/5, £IS,-121; 1871, £17,145. Passengers: —1875, 41,099; 1871, 27,602. •.... b-. .V /.OureffortSVtpwards obtaining’ a mid-day mail be . J;ween plunea and Creswiok have been successful (says the. GuardianJC ■ [Op Saturday, we received a telegram ifromyMr/Richardson, M.L.A.,, Stating the Postmaster General'‘hha,- : acceded to the application, and- that the despatching of mid-day mails from each town will come into,operation immediately. , It is. said that the .opening of: the, riilway to Talbot' and. Maryhdrough will not confer any greater postal facilities bc.tw.een Clones and ; -'these towns!- If such proves to be the - case, we trust bur Talbot',add Maryborough contem ' poraries will join with us in agitating for the removal: of postal diaabiUties which cause the public both loss,' inconvenience; and. annoyance.. , -.. '! The railway'line :is now ballasted ’ a mile ’ bej'ohtL Dobie’s Bridge (says the Advertiser J, or six,miles from Ararat; towards Beaufort. This leaves .eight miles to finish to .Buapgpr, the section upon 1 which '• Tallins, 1 Quaylo, and Blaokie are working. There is one large cutting in ;the ,vicinity of Mount Cole, which will be finished in the course of a week dr two; and with this -exception the .permanent way is nearly all laid, so that the month of March is almost ■ certain to . see all the cpdneotiohs complete between Ararat and Beau fort.; The oontraetors.for the Beaufort to Buangpr section are said, to bo even further advanced than are "those for! the section between Buangor and this town.- As-showing the cool intrepidity of • Blondin’ it.may :,de mentioned' (says the Qcdong Advertised) that whilst he was .performing bn the rope at the Opera. House on .iSaturday evening, the wooden! horse on which the/rope,rested at theMress oircle ebdVhatV not been firmly planted, and when Blondin was about ten yards from the stage the- horse moved suddenly and gave the rope a jerk. The Chevalier tpok.no notice of the occurrence, but .marched .oii and back.,again before sending anyone to alter the position of °the' horse; ; , ■ ■ • (The decision ,of the Government'upon 'tlip Eatou cumAVardell - caso has at length .been' made!- public. Mr Anderson recommends the dismissal of'Mr'Eaton' and that Mr. Warded, be censured for dlloVving him to reqaain in the servjco ( ajjd to draw his salary without .any'adequate return therefor, vAt the-Bxecu tive Council yesterdaybthese ‘recotnmehdations.’were confirmed. <•! - : b. : , . .The .names of Sir John O’Shanassy, ’ Sir James M'Cullboh, M.L.A.; Mr J."A! Macpliersop,';M.L. A. - ■ond Mr J. T. Smith,M.L.A., have'been added to the list of,raembei.-sj>£ tlie pommjssitm op the Philadelphia ■Exhibition. —> :~r - ■ - * We (Arg us J .learn, that .the full commission to- the Marquis of. Nbrnianby, appointing him Governor of ifew Zealand, arrived, by the last Californian mail, ■and that he waVtd be sworn in on the 9th in’st. A cricket match" will, be played/ to-morrow on the Eastern Oval, commencing at twelve o’clock, between an eleven o£/the nun:playfng members of tfie RGC and an eleven chosen "from the 'brokers and legal mspagprs. Tlie nptpes of both teams will appear to morrow. .... ' t - 1 a recent .trial,at Aberdeen a young lady got into the witn’ess-box to bo examined when the following conversation took place between her and the opposing counsel:—Counsel—“How old -are you] Miss ; Jane—“ Ob, weel, sir, lam an un ipamed rrpmap, and dinna think ft right to - aoswee ,thaJ qu e arion.’V:,-The 'Judge-“Oh, yes, answer tbp igepfVeman how old.you are.!’ Miss Jane—“ Wpel-a'- T?)!? 1 [ Oopnsel— l ‘lAre ypu not moj-ef’! ilisa- Tfell,. J am" -The inquisitive lawyer still further asked," if she" had any Lopes of to which Mias Jane''replied—“ Weel Eir, l wmna,tell. a lee; I hipba lost hopes yet:” scorn-" . but I widna marry (you, for I am sick and tired o ypur palaver already.- 