THE WEATHER AND BUSH-FIRES. Accounts of the damages caused by bush files continue to be received, though the fires themselves have now for the most part been effectually quenched. According to the Hamtiton Spectator, "the Victoria ranges presented a grand sight from Hamilton on Thursday night, the mountains being one mass of flame. On and Wednesday 17 selectors at Victoria Valley were burnt out, and nearly all of them lost their fences and crops, although their houses were saved. On the selections some 4,000 acres of grass were destroyed, and how much more pasturage outside of them it would be difficult to say. Messrs. Field, Matthews, Lang, Fowler, Egan, Callaghan, Crawford, Dawson, Scott, Miller (3), lost everything but their respective houses. Mr. Hornick lost his wool shed and stable, and Mr. MacArthur the whole of his wheat. There were several other sufferers in the higher portion of the valley, and, in short, the whole flat is burnt from Hornick's farm to Radley's bridge, a distance of about five miles. At a rough calculation, between 16 and 17 miles of fencing have been destroyed. The selectors in the valley offer a reward of £50 for the conviction of the person or persons who started the flies, and we understand an application has been made to Government to supplement the reward. It is stated that some clue has already been obtained to the perpetrator and it is thought that our local association for the prevention of incendiarism might he found useful in this matter. In. another direction namely, towards Port- land, the report is that the Whittlebury ran is burnt, and that the fire was also raging on Mr. Cooke's Lake Condah run. On both sides of the road in the neighbourhood of the sawmiils, at Taylor's Forest, the flames were ascending to the highest tree-tops, and a waggon load of furniture was seen by some travellers to be burning. Mr. Hardingham. the carrier, had to keep his his horses at full trot, with a boy on the top of the load to pitch off the burning branches as they fell upon the dray. Mr. Laverty, of Branxholme, was thrown off his horse by a falling tree and stunned. A couple of bullocks belonging to a team engaged in fetching timber from Bannam's mill were roasted alive. The poor animals were terrified by a burning branch which fell on their heads, and rushed into a stump-hole, where an immense log was burning, from which position they could not be extricated. Such was the excitement that nearly 400 meh congregated around Price's mill to endeavour to stay the flames." The Geelong Advertiser of Monday reports that "during the past week a bush fire of considerable magnitude has raged in the Cape Otway forest, among the ranges between the Loutit Bay track and Apollo Bay, extending towards Bambra and Paraparap. On Mr. George Armytage's run it is reported that upwards of 2,000 acre of well grassed lands were burned, and a considerable quantity of log-fencing in the neighbourhood was also destroyed. Between the bush fires in the neighbourhood, and the intense heat of the sun, the orchards on the Barrabool hills have been partially destroyed, and good fruit will probably be a luxury for the rest of the season. On Wednesday last a bush fire raged on the old Modewarre Common destroying the fences of Messrs. McCrae, Martin, Mitchell, and others. Messrs. McCrae and Martin lost the whole of their improvements. At Jan Juc the fire raged over an area of several miles, commencing at Jan Juc and sweeping over a large tract of country. There is great mortality among the horses of the district." A correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser, writing of the fire at Wellington, says:— "After passing Coleman's Wallington Hotel and doing severe damage to Mr. Sparke's fruit garden, it passed along in a south easterly direction, burning nearly the whole of the grass and timber on Chevy Estate, owned by Mr. Weekes—upwards of 2,000 acres. The fences on his land are almost totally destroyed, and the cattle can scarcely be kept from breaking into the neighbours paddocks. The culvert on Newington road was completely burned, thus stopping the traffic, In Mr. Douse's orchard and vineyard upwards of 30 trees, and their fruit were destroyed. In McFarlane's paddock nearly every blade of grass is burned. On Thursday, the wind having changes, the fire completely burned Mr. Ferres's house, and a lot of pigs. The family had just time to remove the furniture and bedding. One poor neighbour, named Perrins, became so frightened when he saw the flames approaching his house that he took all his bedding, clothes, and other articles of furniture, and threw them into the waterhole, and he and his family were obliged to lie on the bare boards for the night. One, very noticeable feature in the suppression, of the fire was the way in which all the neighbours concen- trated their efforts. Numbers of men could be seen rushing a couple of miles from their own places to meet the fire before it got too strong, and it is owing to this fact that so little damage was done. The fire is now out, the late rein on Saturday having completely Extinguished the logs." The Inglewood correspondent of the Ben- digo Advertiser writes "With, regard to the actual damage caused by the fires of last week, I find that the worst case in the neigh- bourhood of Inglewood is that of Mr. White- head, of Thompson's Gully, who has lost everything he possessed there, with the exception of the dwelling house, including a large and valuable collection of fruit trees. The heat around the house at one time was so great that the solder on the roof was melted, empty water tanks standing along- side partially melted and the house itself caught fire three times; yet he saved it. He estimates his loss at a little over £100. Wedderburn suffered much more than Inglewood, while Bridgewater suffered no damage whatever. Neither did the Powlett Plains, A'Beckett Plains, or Boort farmers suffer in any manner. On Saturday morning a fire broke out in the grass paddock on the farm of Mr. W. Western, situated on the Loddon, about 10 miles below Bridgewater. The whole; of the paddock was destroyed, as well as some fencing, but further damage was averted by the prompt action of About 40 men, who assembled and beat the fire out. Mr. Western himself and another man had a narrow escape from severe injury. While they had their attention directed to the fire immediately in front of them, it crept round to their rear, and in order to save themselves they had to jump through the flames on to the burnt ground, and in so doing got severely singed about the hands and face. There is no doubt that the fire is as clear a case of incendiansm as it is possible to find, for only a abort time previous to the fire making its appearance a female neighbour walked through the grass and got her feet and skirts wet with the water hang- ing in it from the previous evening's rain, and when she came back the same grass was on fire, so that no accidental spark could have caused the conflagration." The Wedderburn correspondent of the Dunolly Express reports that in that locality "Altogether seven" dwellings are destroyed, which, together with fences, implements, outbuildings; &c.;, cannot be replaced for less than £2,000." BEECHWORTH, Monday Evening. The weather is still terribly sultry. Nearly the whole country encircling Beechworth has been burnt. There are fires in an outer circle beyond, evidently raging fiercely, as the atmosphere today is very thick. The sun rose this morning blood red, and could be looked at with the naked eye till it had attained a height of nearly 30 deg. from the horizon. The heat increased in intensity, but chiefly from fires. The farmers in Bowman's Forest have been watching night and day to save fences, and with general success. Quin, of the Myrtleford station, saved his property by incessant watchfulness. M O'Donnell, of Merriang, had fences; and grass destroyed. Chambers, of Myrtleford, lost grass, and only had fences saved. It is reported that Curtis Reid's Ledi station is seriously devastated. The house property of Palmerston was entirely destroyed. There are no signs of rain. Potatoes are generally a failure. Not even Chinamen can grow carrots, turnips, lettuces, &c.; The health of the community is unsatisfactory. Measles is prevalent, and several schools are closed for a fortnight by order of the Education Board. All are depressed, and business is dull, owing to there being no hope of a speedy change. 