TUESDAY'S WEATHER. The intense heat of Tuesday seems to have been general throughout the colony. We find the fol- Jlmving in oar exchanges, the next issues of which will have much the same tale to tek <Jf yester- -dfly ; — Though Tuesday (writes the Telegraph) vaay not 'fasten itself upon the memory, and be registered emphatically as one «f thee vents of the colony, in 'the same wayas " Black Thursday,"# might very well be referred bad: teas " Hot TuesEay." Since the historical ThursSev there has been bat one day the heat of winch -was equal to thst-of Tuesday in Melbourne, when, ion the 14th of January, 1SG2, the glass marked 111 deg. in the shade, and 160 deg. in the sun. On Tuesday, the mercury ran to figures most unpleasantly near that burning point, the records at the Observatory being 186-8 deg. in the shade, and IK deg. in the sun. Bit only re quired a pretty stiff -tfiast -of hot wind to have turned the day into -one that would here been re membered as long or longer than even Black Thursday; bnt foraunecdy the public-were spared that infliction. There were indications:that heavy bush fires were Waring sufficiently near to Mel bourne for than to infiaenee the temperature of the day, for-diiimg fee-afternoon there was a thick smoke-like appearance, which was morerthan sug- , gestive of fire. On Tuesday (says -the Hamilton Spectator) souk four or five fire were waging around 'Hamilton, -vix, one at the Victoria USanges, which ie believed to have destroyed fee fences of severslaclectora ; one at Panyyabyr, -one -apparently to theiriorth of 'Cavendish, one at Sudktay's Swamp, and a few .others. An impression prevails that these fires are not all of them accidental, but that -some of thesa may be due to the carrying but of tbe=advice so often tendered — to fire itbe grass to get: rid of nuke. B> most cases there would be no harm in doing this, provided -all -the neighbors received notice, but tins is a formality that is dispensed The heat of Toes day (says -fee J If. A. Ma£)ar&s; ftxwehhig throughout die whisle of the day, lin- creasmg in intensity from -the waorning fill- wheat five o'ekek in the afternoon, taken it reached gts unaximuu, the thermometer is the shade faring ttnen "iOS-deg. Bush fire werewg-ing in all diree-, fions, anS this, no doubt, contributed pretty-ooo- Sidetably-to increase the beat and unpleasantness. The weather on Tuesday (writes the OretmA AAserfiser) was a sconher. On Monday it waa notenough,6ut on Tuesday there anas too much the strongest. And .aapplementing OM Sol, we tad the hot winds, jwith large bush Href raging ah j-oond. Extensive bush fires were 'ST- oR at Slaty Creek, Dean, at Spring Hill, on Lvwers Freehold, on the Smeaton Estate, and from Blanket flat towards Daylesford. - Reheat on Tuesday (says the /Jcxdiga Jwie- -Pendoirjwa, someSdngappMliDgto mostresidents" of Sandhurst, who have been inured to great heat. The maximum of the thermometer as registered was lot deg. in the shade; but the many bmk fires aonti itli the attendant smoke, mde jtocephere most oppressive. : /ifeoroat Creek New sof Wednesday evening Wys The heat during yesterday exceeded ®ny I recorded for the present reason. Mr Bradley, of the Stawell Grammar School, has kindly furnished us with his readings, and there may be implicitly relied upon, as bring the result of careful observa tions of the best instruments. At nine a-m. 90 deg. was registered; at noon it reached 106 deg., and between two and three p.m. the mercury had risen to its highest print for the day., viz, 110 deg. in the -shade. ; Since Saturday, the increase of the marimnm beat has been marked. On Sunday it was 90 deg.; on Monday, a little over 104 deg.; and yesterday, as stated, above, 110 deg. The Gram pians bush-fires are causing quite a sensation. By day a dense cloud of smote overhangs and partly hides the entire range; and by night every ridge and peak is crested with fire, forming a spectacle that, though unfortunately no great rarity, is always startling and grand. - So far, we have heard of no loss of property other than that of the brush fences and pasturage that have been burnt" ' 