NOTES OF THE "WEEK. \- 9 A IIEMJUIKAIU.V ingenious piece of carving, represent- ing events in'Australian life and history, has been ex- ecuted on a whip-hamlle by a shepherd in the Kew England distiict, by nicaus of a penknife anda tile. On the 4th instant the foundation-stone of a new Primitive Methodist church was laid at Pyrmont. The members of the Waverley "Wesley au Sunday school, with their friends, have had au excursion to Bondi. Within the last six months no less than four first-class vessels voyaging from the "United King- dom to the Australasian colonies have been lost or are missing. Mining is at a standstill at Paries in consequence of the drought. A geological.. museum has been formed by the Government, and is now open to the public, free of. charge, at the building ol'the Mining Department, in Elizabeth-street North. A very large crank-shaft has been forged by the A. S. N. Company for the steamship City of Brisbaue. On the 4th instant the members of the Alexandria Literary Institute had an exclusion with their friends to Chowder Bay. Mr. E. lloiborow, Mayor of Ashfield, has been entertained by his friends at a picnic. The Sydney City mid Suburban Sewage and Health Board haye published their eighth progress report, which mainly refers to the existence oi'scailet lever. A small steamer has been launched from tho yards of Mr. G. Eent, at Jervis Bay. The second annual asuieull'unu exhibition at Shoal- haven has been numeiously attended. A lad, lo years of age, has committed suicide be- hanging at Gundowring, in the Albury district. A nugget of gold, weighing 8 oz. lo dvvts. 6 grs., has been found at Little River, hi the Goulburn district. Mr. R. E. Stevenson and party have had a narrow escape with' their lives through being surrounded by a bush fire in the Bombala district. A Cluuamaii has been found murdered at Muckerawa Creek, hi the Western oistriet. A Public school was opened on the 21st ultimo at Jerilderie. Incendiarism seems to be prevalent in the South- west districts-Mr. M'Micking, of Munns, being the last sufferer. Duiing the month of February last upwards of 6000 meals were given at the City Night Refuge and Soup Kitchen, aucl there were 3000 instances of shelter. The amount of uionej" received and promised for tho shipment of frozen meat excesds £20,000, not bicludiug the Melbourne list, which has not yet been received. The wardbtnan of the hospital at Gulgong has been dismissed for gross irregulaiities. The employes of the Harbour and P.ivers Depart- ment, with their families, have had a picnic at Bal- moral. The fifth anniversary of the Bourke-street Baptist Chuieh was, on the 7th instant, celebrated by a public meeting in the church. The New South Wales Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Societj' held their annual meeting oil the 6th instant. Theie has been a concert nt the Wesleyan school- room, Surry Hills, to raise funds for the purchase of rewards for the pupils at Easter. Mr. William Stevenson died at Goulburn on the 5th instant, at the age of 89, leaving fourteen chil- dren, seventj'-two grandchildren, and nine great- grandchildren. Mr. Û. S. Wilkinson, Government Geologist, read before the Linnean Societj' an interestbig, paper on tho geological collection brought by Mr. ' Macleay from New Guinea. The Tobin system of ventilation has been adopted iu the hall of the School of Arts, and the committee have called for tenders for extensive alterations in the building. A meeting was held in the Masonic Hall, on the 8th instant, to consider the desirability of constructing a railway between Sydney and Illawarra. On 'the 8th instant Mr. Surveyor Blunt died at Wagga Wagga, thiough taking strychnine in mistake for Epsom salts. The testing of the railwaj" bridge over the Macquarie at Bathurst is considered satisfactory. It came out in evidence in a case at the Water Police Court that, on the 3rd instant, three women and five children slept in one bed iu a house at Newtown. A western paper draws attention to the neglected fertility of Bathurst Plains. Sharks have been caught in the Parramatta Uiver as far up as Gladesville. On the 7tk histant a robber entered St. Luke's par- sonage at Liverpool, the residence of the Kev. C. F. D. Priddle, and took a gold watch and £7 5s. in coin There was held, on the 8th instant, the seventeenth annual meeting of the Waverley branch of the Sydney Church Society. A man named George Ford was killed on the rail- way* .line, near Rydal, having been run oyer by one of J the night trains. A Braidwood paper reports a fine sample of gold to have benn taken from Little River. A di-ibolicul attempt at setting fire to a house has been discoveied at Muirurundi just in time to save the premises. 'i he Rev. P. R. Seaborn, incumbent of St. John's at Young, travelled 1000 miles last year in bush visits. The death is announced of Mrs. Barker, wife of the Bishop of Sydney. Preparations are being made for the agricultural show at Bega on St. Patrick's Day. Bush fires have been raging at Naradhun and Bynga, and in the Bland countiy. 'At Hay, upwards of 8000' acres of land were selected on one run, on the 2nd instant, by a Vic- torian family. 