FROM MELBOURNE TO CHARTERS TOWERS. (BY AN OLD BALLARATIAN.) I send you a description of the journey between the above-mentioned places, as it may be interesting to some of your readers. We left Melbourne on Monday afternoon, 17th July, in the City of Melbourne, and had a rough but quick passage. We entered Port Jackson 44½ hours after leaving Hobson's Bay. Port Jackson is, 1 believe, the finest harbor south of the line. The scenery is really splendid as you go up it towards Sydney. It has numerous bays, inlets, &c.; while the land surrounding it is very hilly, and here and there may be seen through the trees on its slopes gentlemen’s villas, and as you near the town you see the batteries with the cannons poking their muzzles through the port-holes. One of these batteries is planted on an island in the middle of the harbor. The water is alive with small steamboats, some of which are used as ferry-boats, connecting the north and south shores, while others are used as-tugs, lighters, &c.; After a little over an hour’s steaming up the harbor we landed in Sydney, the people of which were in a great state of excitement about Trickett's victory over the English sculling champion Sadleir. Everyone, from the street arab up to the nobs, was wearing the victor’s colors, and all, ladies included, had blue ribbon in their button holes, or attached in some way to the dress. Banting was flying everywhere, and at Punch’s (one of Trickett’s trainers) hotel was a portrait of the champion in the shape of an illumination. In fact, there was nothing but Trickett. The city of Sydney is by no means a pretty place the streets are badly formed, being very narrow, crooked, and dirty. There are some very fine buildings in it, amongst which are the Town-hall (not quite finished), University, the English Cathedral, Museum, Post-office. Some of the warehouses and private buildings are very fine. There are a lot of buildings being done. The Government are erecting a fine pile of buildings for their offices. The Roman. Catholic Cathedral is being proceeded, with. It has cost a lot of money, £20,000 being laid out on the foundation alone. It is a long way off completion. The material most used for building pur- poses is sandstone. It is easily obtained. It can be seen cropping out of the surface anywhere about the town. The stone is very soft and very easily worked. The Botanical Gardens is one of the most attractive spots about Sydney; it has a part of the harbor for a boundary; there is a promenade facing the water, supplied with seats. . It put me in inind of the pro- menade facing Wendouree,in our own gardens, only it is on a larger and grander scale. The gardens are well stocked with shrubs, plants, and flowers. Camel- lias grow in great abundance; trees from six to nine feet high, covered, with blooms, may be seen all over the gardens. There is also a collection of monkeys, kangaroos, birds, and wildfowl. -The suburbs of Sydney are very, large, of, which, believe, Wooloo- mooloo is the chief. The railway- station is situated at the extreme end of the city it is very small. After a stay of nine days in Sydney we started for Queensland in the steamer Victoria. After a pleasant and smooth voyage of five days we entered Port Deni- son. This port is very compact, being well sheltered, but rather shallow; it. has a jetty of about three quarters of a mile long. Bowen is the name of the town at Port Denison; it was the principal town of the north of Queensland before the diggings broke out at the "Towers” and Palmer, and then Townsville commenced to spring up. Bowen is a very pretty place, but very small, owing to the inha- bitants going to new fields. The diggings around Bowen were, a failure, and most of the back country about it is not fit for settlers. Here we first saw the Queensland blacks; their features are nearly the same as the Victorian natives, but they are taller and leaner. We left Bowen about 9-o’clock on Wednesday evening, and arrived at Cleveland Bay next day at 11 a.m. This bay has rather a wild aspect. It is surrounded by very high and rugged hills, and is exposed to open sea. There is no wharfage accommodation., A jetty has just been commenced (it is proposed to make it three miles in length) that shall also serve as a break water. The ships are unloaded by small steamers, which go up the river for about a mile to the town wharfs. Townsville is situated at the foot of two high hills. One part of the town faces the bay, and the other part faces the river, or Alligator Creek, as it is called by the inhabitants, on account of the number of these reptiles that infest it. A good many lives have been lost in it. The buildings here are ‘built of wood or bark, and most' of the roofs are composed of corrugated iron. There is one thing I note; that is, all the houses are well ventilated; the builders do not take the trouble to stop the cracks, some of which would let a good sized dog through. Very few places are lined or papered; ceilings are done away with altogether. Most of the inhabitants of Townsville are foreigners. Living here is not so very dear—board and lodging from £1 upwards. The climate is very hot. This is winter, and the heat equals some of the hottest summer days in Ballarat. What will the summer be? The winter evenings here are always cold. Winter here is the dry and bush-fire season, while summer is the wet season. A party of three, of which I was one, started to tramp it to Charters Towers, a distance of about 100 miles. To. do this two days’ journey by coach would cost one £3, plus wayside expenses. The charge for meals on the road is 2s each. It took us about four days and a half to do the journey. The roads were very dry, but awfully rough. They must be in a frightful state in the wet season. There, are plenty of signs of bogging on the road. We had to cross one range of mountains, and ford four rivers, three of which being nearly dry only took us over our boot-tops, but the last on the road, the Burdekin, we had to swim. This is one of the laigest rivers in Queensland, aud during the wet season it rises about forty to fifty feet, and oveiflbws the lower bank. When. at. its highest, at the cross ing, it is nearly, half a mile across. Most of the country we passed through was flat, and covered with a very coarse and long grass, which is unsuitable for sheep, but just the thing for cattle. Sheep farming is a failure about this district owing to the grass being so rank; it is mostly cattle runs about the north of this colony. We saw any amount of birds while passing through the bush, black and white cockatoos, and parrots of all descriptions. Stubble quail and the bush pheasant are in great quantities; along the road duck, crane, ibis, and plover came under our notice. We saw two beautiful specimens of the crane tribe; they are as large as a natiive companion, with black and white plumage. "We passed plenty of waggons on the road, some loaded for the “ Towers,” others re- turning to Townsville. There are from eight to four teen horses in a team for a waggon, four to eight for a dray, and four for a spring-cart; this will give your readers some idea of the roads here. In some places it is all dead pulling. At places it is necessary to put two teams together; such was the case at the Burdekin when we crossed it; two teams were combined (thir teen horses altogether) to take a loaded dray thro.ugh the river, and up the other bank. The waggoners when returning empty use half of their team at the time, and turn the other half out to graze as they go along. Bread is very dear on the road; the prices range from Is to 2s fid per loaf, according to the size of the loaf. The loaves are small and not well baked. The first town we arrived at after leaving Townsville was Millchester, about three miles from the “ Towers;”, it was the chief business place for this district until a few years ago, when the reefs commenced to turn out so well here, and then a general migration ensued, leaving Millchester almost deserted. Millchester, like Ballarat, can boast of its riot, which occurred about four years ago in consequence of a butcher raising the price of meat from fourpence to sixpence, and the in habitants in return for this razed his shop to the ground, but he received £4OO from the Government as a compensation for his loss. There are two crush- ing machinal, and one in course of erection at Mill chester; these do the most of the crushing for the “ Towers.” We stayed at Millchester for the night, but were very glad td clear out in the morning. We arrived at Charters Towers at ten o’clock a.m. on Wednesday, 9th August. 1 will send you a descrip tion of this place in my next. J. D. A. Charters Towers, I2th August. 