Cross Roads Gossip. By " ASM'.DEUS." Cross Roads, or. rather, the residents of Cross Roads, seem to have settled into a dull spiritless state of inactivity, as a result, probably, of the exquisitely warm weather with which we have been favored of late. With the thermometer at a height of 109° Fahrenheit in a deep shade, the news on Friday, last that a BUSH FIRE had broken out not far from East-Moonta was bailed with anything but thankful feelings. On Friday night, looking from Cross Roads, the beholder was "blessed" with a sight at once grand and sublime. Notwithstanding the intense heat and disagreeable smoke. Speaking of bush fires. Sir, I saw in your advertising columns not long since a Government advertisment warning, cautioning and threatening any person or persons against careless smoking, stuble-burning. &c..; and the same list of rules, regulations, and penalties is printed annually but as a preventative against bush-fires they seem to be a failure. Whose duty it is to see that the rules are enforced, I do not know, nor whether there is any person in particular appointed to that duty ; but the fact is self-evident that bush-fires are constantly occurring summer after summer and it is equally true that they must originate somehow. It is all very well to speak of "spontaneous combustion." but, to quote the Irishman's remark — "The foire started itself, but Paddy Molloy loighted it !" I wish it to be understood that I am not referring to this fire in particular, but the frequent occurrence of these conflagrations call for urgent preventative measures. Our Wesleyan friends have organised A CHOIR which made its debut on Sunday last. The instrumental part comprising harmonium, flute, and bombardin, manipulated respectively by Messrs. Kendall. E. H. Tregoning. and S. Daddow. Judging by its performance on Sunday, we may expect great things from the Cross Roads. Wesleyan Methodist Chapel Choir. A little diversion has been caused by a slight MATRIMONIAL RUPTURE between a Benedict resident in one of our mining villages, and his "better half." The gentleman in question, wishing I suppose to enjoy the cool sea breeze, left home a few days ago, with the expressed intention of "going for a ramble." He had, I am informed. been absent for an hour or two, when word came to his "missus" that he was strolling along the back in company with a female. "The green-eyed monster" immediately aroused Mrs — at once proceeded backwards, and found her spouse and a "lady"' companion leisurely and calmly walking along. "After a calm comes a storm"' and the angry wife, borne on the wings of an insatible vengeance, "went for him'', and. as my informant stated, gave him "some hammering;" apparently satisfied in this quarter, she turned her attention to his companion, and after administring a black eye and sundry and divers bruises, left the happy pair to cogitate on fhe varied and changeful character of al! earthly things, A FIRE was on Sunday afternoon, observed in the direction of tne Wheal James Mine and, on enquiry, it was found that the scene of the conflagration was an outhouse. After some trouble the fire was kept from spreading and finally extinguished. I have, Mr. Editor, often asked myself the question—" Where are our cricketers." and this query has been revived by a rumour that the CROSS ROADS CRICKET CLUB is about to "wind-up operations."' The Club has been in a languishing state ever since the commencement of the present cricketing season — not on account of a scarcity of members, but for another equally fatal reason. I have read somewhere that, on one occasion, Alexander the Great "wept because there were no more worlds to conquer," and, to some extent, the case of the Cross Roads Cricket Club is similar — in short, as I am informed by one of its members. its demise is owing to the fact that there are no other clubs in the district with which to compete for cricketing honors ! A desirable state of things, truly! And this in a district which. no great while ago, played against an All England Eleven. The reason why the truly national exercise — cricket — is on the wane I cannot pretend to tell. The Moonta Club came out with a grand flourish of trumpets, showed some excellent play, and proved successful in many a "tough fight;" the Mines Young Australians, by steady, unabated practice, gained the name of "the best cricket club in Moonta or neighbourhood ;" and besides these, scores of cricket clubs sprang into existence, tired by a spirit of emulation through seeing — in the play of the All England Eleven — the high point of perfection to which the scientific game of "bat and ball" can be brought. Where have they vanished ? Echo answers— " Where?" However, I hope that, ere long, not only the above-named, but many other cricket clubs will be re-inspired, that a fresh impetus will be given to the game, and that Moonta will, in this department, as well as in many others, occupy a prominent position. "MUSIC HATH CHARMS," &C.;, • and perhaps is never heard under more pleasing circumstances than when produced from the harp. Mr. Samuel Trethewey has shown me a harp, manufactured by himself (without the aid of either model or engraving) and which equals in sound any home-manufactured instrument of the kind I have heard. The harp has thirty strings (4 octaves), the wood used in its manufacture being beech and kauri (New Zealand) pine. Mr. Trethewey, in addition to the instrument already mentioned, has constructed a tin violin (of excellent tone), two drums, and a dulcimer, in the making of which he has shown much ingenuity. Mr. Trethewey has had numerous difficulties to contend with, and. before the successful culmination of his labors, has had to put up with several failures. He is to be congratulated on his success, which furnishes a local illustration of that trite, but withal true motto— " Perseverance has its own reward." Several noteworthy IMPROVEMENTS TO CHURCH PROPERTY have been effected, in the addition of a school room to the Bible Christian Chapel, and a vestry to the Primitive Methodist Chapel. The need of the additional accom- modation thus provided has long been felt. 