JUGIONG. IT is somewhat irksome for a correspondent to report bad new of any kind. Yet in the performance of public duty the subject of the weather seems at pre- sent to engage much anxiety, to say nothing of the debate upon the supposed ultimatum of the pre- sent dry and up to this disastrous season. Although the summer quarter commences this day, still we have suffered from the intense heat that has been prevalent in these parts for a month past. At times the range has been from 100 deg. to 109 deg. in the shade ; and the hot and scorching winds have com- pletely changed all grass, withered in many places ; and bush-fires have not been an unfrequent occurance though not of a very serious character. On the stations of Redbank and Gorangala, where a large number of sheep are depasturing, there is nothing for their support, and how they exist is a mystery; consequently stock are falling into very bad conditions, and the worst fears are entertained that the season will prove disastrous in the extreme to many station-holders and others possessing stock. Mulch cattle are in very low condition, any I may record that all in a measure feel the very great secerity of the season. Many of our neighbours avail themselves of the cheap excursions-trains at the festive season to pro- ceed to Sydney and elsewhere. I have not yet received any report of your cricketers in the match with the All-England Eleven, but I am certain that the match will be played with the usual tact and judgment for which the Goulburn team are so celebrated. Work on the different improvements now going about is retarded in consequence of the continuouse of dry weather. I have heard of one case of sunstroke to a laboring man near Gorangala ; but the full particulars are not to hand. Ophthalmic disease is just now very prevalent, owing to the great number of flies that infest our locality. These insects have been very injurious to the eyesight ; and persons inform me that the pests are far worse this than on any previous yearts since 1868 or 1870. December 21st. 