A PLEASURE RESORT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. -Yours, &c.;, W.C. SIR,—As this is the me of the year when people are on pleasure bent, allow me through your columns to relate the experience of a picnic party in connection with a place but rarely visited in that way, which may act as a gentle bint to others seeking like enjoyment. -"Burrumbeet, being regular resortspf'h(fiiday-makers, a-party from the Ly(Hard ,street.Wtwcyau Church and School' resolved upoh'going'ontoftlio’beaten.iract andldpjQg ajlitllo?] pioneering in choosingm place for picnicking, and Mount Cole was the spot selected. Accordingly,' “on Christmas •moming/atthe of’lo minutes rpastjs> be tween thirty and forty were comfortably -seated -iii' a railway carriage at the Ballarat West station aud started 1 for Buangor, a distance was’reached | in; two" houreh HHe'tlain * was • spfeedily. ;dx-t changed for the well-known- hostelry, the Buangor 5 -! (hotel, where by . previous liarfarigotnent a first class and substantial .( brgakfsst was . laid out for the soon, done good'justice'tb.'' 1 This OTer > "the waggonette'of host Waugh/^antf;lho;wa|^n9&f;'Mr. r | G.j Pearson, dormer,•. of, Spring. Creek,: and Mr Davids,'' farmer, of Middle’ Creek, ’wors' kindly.place^- 1 at-our dlsposal, and in those, an enjoyabld ride of one ahd a haif 'llnirs brought ns'&'tlie/foot of a part of thelong-fange' /of- hills known" ai Mhdnt Colo;' ~Under r ihh guidance of ■ onr woHhy Buangbr friends already named -ther'yariouft; -scenes of interest were visited, and loud-were theex-- pressi6n' , 'of' deligh't>'at' 'the-' (to' many)ifirst ;sightiOf : ;a magnificent fern-tree gully, in the midatof whichwaa. a fine waterfall (tashing-'-ovor the granite rocks.;- •. Here mauyehosoto atay ias the shade of the;-,ferns and; the fall of the water made .thejplaco ; delightfully cool and thoroughly enjoyable: fem : . gathering ..and;, exploring, filling up the time most pleasantly.;- Qther'more, advent turdus' Spirits after doing this sight resolved.to scale -the .mountain height, and after a stiff ascent, during.which. 'part gave up;'thinking discretion the- better .partof valoVy- tha enduring ones' were richly-rewarded with, a, grand view from-the summit; the surrounding country’, for miles, in addition to a regular amphitheatre of hills close at.-handj -being spread out to views. Time being .■precious/only a'lshort stay,on the suminit'OOuld'bein— dulgodin. Arrived at the base, 1 the ! whole company partook of the creature comforts provided, l after which .the return journey Jiaid: to bo commeheod.^-This was somewhat diversified’ by Uke ; .a threatened dust and gradually draw nearer, ’ until oiir'fears were allayed* by finding that it, was the smoke from a large" bush'fire,' which had got ’very 'dense ere we : reached'Baangor,:ahd .althougK’only eetweetf 'S andd'dii the afternoon;-gave; -the appearance of rapidly-approachiog night. - We Ware afterwards informed" .that the- cause- of* all this .wa 3 a largd ‘fife" raging in 'the.- Grampians,-.- : about* thirty miles distant; Just leaving ,Buangor, hearty cheers wore given -to. Messrs: Pearson*, Davies, and" Waugh, for : the ; very hospitable treatment they had accorded us, and then another" two ,hours’, journey- flaw -us lauded . eafely_,in.,Ballarat again, delighted-with'thaday-'a outing. Snakes, which some/, o,f tho 'party had boen frightened vrith' tho'mows"that H;hoy ■abounded' there, werekindly considerate,;to the feelings, of all by being conspicuous by theirtabsence/, afi/any-'rale’.from'sight. Wo can honestly,-recommend, the spot thus hurriedly described to all'whose time may be limited, as well ns those whd'cah'spsre- several day?,: as a place whioWor fins scenery will rank with the famed resorts in the colony, which';by-. reasonCof .'diatanqo oan but-seldom be visited.,.; Mr, Waugh, of .the Buangor hotel, would at any.-timß-.pnly.be.too happy the asristimeo - to excursionists.iuihis. power. 