ITEMS OF NEWS. The Treasurer of the Hospital acknowledges recoipt of L16, being a donation from the New- stead Shire Council. The house-steward has received a large parcel of books — London-Journals and Family Heralds —from Mr M. Dean, of Barker-street. A special parade of thp Volunteer Rifles is to be held to-morrow evening, on the Camp Re serve. The Commandant, Colonel Anderson, will be present. The Sports committee are preparing an excel lent programme of events for the forthcoming entertainment at Wattle Flat on Boxing Day. All the Orders of Friendly Societies are to be represented in the procession. The patients Peach, from Newstead, and Leguier from Elphinstone, are progressing well under the treatment they receive at the hospital; the latter has so far recovered from hiB crushing that he will leave the institution in a few days. This evening Mr Jeffrey commences his writing olasses at the Mechanics' Institute, and as he has attained some celebrity as a penman, those who wish to improve their caligraphio at tainments should take thegopportunity now offered. The anniversary services at the Primitive Me thodist Church, Campbell's Creek, were well attended yesterday, and sermons appropriate to the occasion were preached morning, afternoon, and evening by the Rev. H. Heathershaw. This evening the annual tea and public meetings will be held, when addresses will be delivered by Revs. Tuckfield, Newell, and Heathershaw, and other gentlemen. The unpleasant affair which has lately been attracting public attention does not seem to have had a tragical termination after all the rumours. Mr Emery returned to his home on Friday even ing, and was to have met the auditors of the M.U.,I.O.O.F. on Saturday evening. We have been unable to ascertain the result of the inter view. Public apprehension as to the safety of Mr Emery will, therefore, be allayed for the present. The heat yesterday was intense, there being but little wind — and that from the north, the sun's rays had full and unchecked power. During the afternoon a large bush fire broke out not far from the Mount, on the Harcourt side, but we have not heard if any damage was done to the crops in that direction. Bushfires were also visible in other directions. The ther mometer indicated 95 in the shade, and range from 120 to 130 in the sun about noon. A meeting of members of the Newstead Jockey Club was held at Treacy's Crown Hotel on Thursday, when the following geutlemeu were appointed : — Mr E. Slee, President ; Mr T. F. Ryan, treasurer ; T. J. Ryan, hon. secre tary ; Messrs Holden, Sheehan, Troacy, Marks, M'Lea, Russell, Rowe, Nicholson, Durant, Woods, "Webb, Farquharson, Scheel, and Mackie, stewards. With those gentlemen as a committee, the forthcoming races may be looked forward to with assurance, as the course is a good one, and the accommodations are suitable. A good day's sport may be relied on. After considerable delay and procrastination, the officers of the Rechabite Tent meeting in the Rechabite Hall have assumed possession of the allotment of ground granted to them by tho Government, and commenced to fonco it in. Their line of fence extends at the extreme point to within a fow inches of the centre of what has hitherto been used as the thoroughfare, and this action will compel the Council to at once alter the road to its proper surveyed boundary lines. A special meeting of the Council is convened to be held at 11 o'clock this morning, to consider what action shall be taken in the matter. On Friday, a man named John Crowe met with a serious accident while working on a farm about nine miles from Rochester. He was standing in front of a reaping maohine, when his mate took the winkers off the horses, and the animals then moved forward, setting the blades in motion ; these caught Crowe on the Bhins, a little above the ankle, and all but cut his legs off. Some part of the machinery also struck him and he fell, and received a heavy blow on the head, causing a very ugly scalp wound. His mute took him to Rochester, where he was at tended by Dr Austin, who sewed up the wounds ; the unfortunate man was then brought on to Oastleihaine, arriving at the Castlemaiue Hos pital about 4.30 p.m., and at once admitted. The bones were not cut through, but sufficiently so to make a bad wound. A Calcutta telegram of November 9 in the Ceylon Observer says: — "The details received show that a cyclone on the 1st inBt. ravaged the district of Backergunge. In Barisal upwards of 3,000 native houseB have been destroyed, and a large number of boats. The town of Dowlut- knee, the headquarters of the subdivision, has also been completely destroyed by a storm wave. It is estimated that upwards of five thousand ' lives have been lost in the subdivision.'' The magistrates at WoodemJ a few weeks ago fined the- local postmaster for obstructing the inspector of weights and measuzes in the exeou- . tion of his duty. The inspector had desired to. enter the post- offioe and examine the weights there, to ascertain if they were correct, but the postmaster declined to permit him, .which the inspector considered to be an obstruction to him in the execution of his duty. The postmastor (says the Argus) appealed to the Supremo Court against the deoision, on the ground that the Weights and Measures Statute did not apply to the property of the Crown. The Court adopted this view, and reversed the judgment of the magjstrotes. There was one sad episode connected with the railway accident enquiries whioh may serve ' (says the Ararat Advertiser) to show some of i the consequences which will be felt. Dr Mercer, I the resident surgeon, was going to the morgue, when, a vrqpian accosted him in the. Hospital ; grounds, saying — "Dootor, can I see my hus- : band 12 " Who are, you 1" V.I am the wife of ; the. man Peagari, who was killed last night." "I do not think it advisable," said the doctor, : gently, " that you should bob him ; tho sight is ' not one fitted for you." ' " If you say so, doctor, I won't persist' in desiring to see him; but will you do me the favour of taking two ! earrings from his ears. I put them there twenty : years ago, when, we were sweethearts at homo. Twenty years ago 1 after twenty years, and now to lose, him 1 The poor woman wrung her hands in do.ep.aud, heartfelt grigf. Her boy was be side her, pale, and quiet ; .lie. had been thrown out -with his father, and- escaped with a few bruises, 1 ', The open season for the following birds com mences on the 21st instant : — Emuji,:, wild gesso, bittern, wild pigeons (inclufiipg'.tyronzo-; wing), quail (except Oafifornjan),1 .magpiee, mallee lien, native companions; teal, wild 'duck, and turkeys. There is a possibility, says the Argus, that the session may be concluded before Christmas. The measures pf importance yet remaining to be dealt with in the Assembly are tho Railway Management Bill, and the Railway Construc tion Bill. These will be proceedod with next week, but much depends on the nature of the statement, respecting the railway policy to bo made by Sir James M'Culloch on Tuesday next. The Supplementary Estimates will be submitted next week. In the general Estimates .the de fence vo:e, and the charitable vote, and one or two other items remain to be taken. "Tho purchasers of the Gellwood wreck," says the Border Watch, " have now made ar rangements for getting what they oan out of the hull. They have engaged a small steamer of 25 tons burden to take a working party to the scene of the wreck and convoy the goods recovered to Rivoli Bay. The steamer took the diver round to the wreck a few days ago, and the weather being favourable, lie made a survey of it. . It was found that the vessel was not, as supposed lying on a reef, but alongside a solitary rock, within a short distance of the surfaco of the water, and around which there was five apd a half fathoms pf water. Had the vessel gone a few feet oither way she would have missed this rock and gone right on to the beacb, when pro bably those on board would have been saved. She appears to have been lifted right ou to the rock, which then crushed through her. The working party think there will be always a heavy swell at the place, but they are sanguine they will recover a good deal «f the cargo still on board. They do not anticipate having to en counter such great difficulties as they success fully overcame in working wrecks on the King's Island." On Thursday evening (says the Kyneton Guardian), a son of Constable Smithwick, of Lauriston, had a very narrow escape from drowning. The lad, about nine years of age, wont to the river for some water, and walked upon tho trunk of a fallen tree which projected some distance on to the Btream. Whilst stoop ing to fill his vessel, he missed his footing and fell into the river, whioh at this place is between four and five feet in depth. Fortunately the boy was accompanied by a younger brother, and lie, instead of losing his presence of mind and running away for help, as most youngsters would have done undor the circumstances, leant over the tree, and succeeded in grasping a portion of his brother's clothing, of which he kept fast hold, whilst screaming as loudly as he could for assistance. His cries were heard by his grand mother, and she arrived on the scene in time to prevent the untoward accident from having a more unfortunate termination. The younger boy was well nigh exhausted, and in another minute would have been obliged to relax his hold, or would perhaps have been dragged into the river by his companion. The elder boy was in a state of great prostration when got out of tho water, and from this he has not yet com pletely recovered. The accounts of Mr Kenney, the collector of tho Yan Yean water rates at Richmond, who was suspended last week in consequence of his reporting an alleged loss of some rate money re ceived by him, have been investigated, and de falcations have been discovered, which in all probability will lead to his being.criminally pro secuted by the department. It appears (re marks tho Argus) that on the 24th November Kenney had collected rate moneys amounting to about L170. The instructions of the collectors are to pay the amounts received by them into the bank to the credit of the department, and on the date mentioned Kenney forwarded to the central office the bank slip certifying to the re ceipt of the full amount. Two days afterwards, however, Mr Le Oren received from the bank a dishonoured cheque of Kenney's for L66, and on inquiry it transpired that he had paid this into the bank to make up the L170. He was at once suspended from duty, as the only explana tion he could give was that he had lost part of the money he had collected, and had given his cheque for L66 (although he had only a few shillings to his credit), in the expectation of making up the amouut lost in a day or two. On further inquiry, however, it was found that in the two days which elapsed before notice of the dishonour of his cheque was giveu to the de partment, Kenney had also collected rates to the amount of L75, and this sum he has also failed to account for, making his ascertained dificien- cies in all L141. 