GBEENOUGH FLATS, March 21. Since my last we have had a splendid downfall of refreshing rain, which has changed the temperature from ' very hot' to ' cool and bracing.' ' It has also extin- guished the bushfires that for some time past have been raging to the eastward of the Flats.. .'..'.The annual race meeting took place here on the 3rd inst and passed off very successfully, considering the manner in which the arrangements were carried out; but, as I am not a racing man myself, I do not intend to cast any reflections upon those who had the man agement of them. Thanks to our Resident Magistrate, no booths for the sale of intoxicating liquors were allowed on the ?ourse, so that I have no misfortune to record through the agency of such drink. I have, however, an accident to chronicle, which happened to one of the jockeys in the galloway race, who in consequence of the saddle slipping round, was thrown with much violence to the ground, just as the race started. He was picked up insensible and remained so for some time, but ultimately was brought round by . copious explication of cold water. He was very ill for about a week, but has now quite recovered ;— so I am told. — The Good Templars' anniversary tea-meeting is notified to take place on the 4th April, and the bazaar, in add of the Parsonage Building Fund on the 19th and 20th. The ladies here are all as busy as bees making preparation for the bazaar, sewing meetings being the order of the day...... The inspector of telegraphs, Mr. Bailey, has been here adjusting the instrument at this office — and left here for Perth yester day. I am told for a fact that our late postmistress, Miss Macpherson, had never been sworn in, in the usual way, when she took over the duties of the office here. If this be true Miss Macpherson may con gratulate herself upon having had the full confidence of the Government, inasmuch as she was never called upon to swear the usual oath, of secrecy. But, there, who ever heard of a lady divulging a secret. Viceregal. — His Excellency 'the Go vernoruand suite' reached Bnnbnry and Busselton last week, and were most en thasiasti^lly received. His Excellency is expected to return to Perth about SaturdaYnexi. ? \ ?? . ? - -v ? ?-?; ?= '??:- - 