The Western Monarch. The Executive Council having, upon tho re- port of the Health Officer, ordered this ship and her immigrants into quarantine, and, being desirous of ascertaining whether the illness among the passengers was of a sufficiently serious nature to warrant her detention at Peel Island, appointed a commission, consisting of the un- official medical members of the Central Board of Health - viz., Drs, Bell, O'Doherty, and Cannan \- to enquire into, and report upon the matter, prior to any further action being taken. Ac- cordingly, the members of the commission, accompanied by the Acting Colonial Secretary, the chairman of the Immigration Board (Mr. Darvall), and a few other gentlemen, yesterday proceeded by the steamer Kate to Peel Island, for the purpose of making the necessary inspec- tion. The steamer left the Queen's wharf at seven a.m., and arrived off the quarantine sta- tion, Peel Island, at about eleven o'clock. Here they were met by Mr. Hamilton, the Superin- tendent, and Mr. Horrocks, Acting Immigra- tion Agent, who has been at the station for the past six or seven days superintend- ing the erection of tents, and otherwise preparing for the reception of the immigrants. These gentlemen reported that the whole of the Western Monarch people, with the exception of seven cabin passengers, had been safely landed on the previous day, together with their luggage ; that no fresh cases of fever had occurred ; and that, with the exception of the one convales- cent case of fever already reported, all the immigrants were in good health. The com- missioners, accompanied by the Hon. W. Hem- mant, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Horrocks, and members of the Press, were then taken over to the island. On the beach the surgeon-superintendent of the vessel (Dr. Harricks) was met and consulted. In answer to questions, he stated that the case re- ferred to (a woman) was convalescent, and now showed no bad symptoms, the patient being able to eat meat. Her child had been taken ill on the 7th instant, and died two or three days ago. He did not make a post-mortem examination, but was satisfied that bronchitis was the immediate cause of death ; there were no violent symptoms in the child; the mother was still in the hos- pital ; one man had been isolated some time ago, as a suspicious case, but he got well in ten days ; had had no deaths from fever during the voyage ; the only cases of fever that had occurred among the passengers were those of the woman now in the hospital, and her child ; the voyage had been a successful, healthy one ; had bad two births and six deaths, the latter being mostly among children, who died from diarrhoea and bronchitis ; as far as he (the doctor) could see, the people were now in good health ; there was one of the crew now in the hospital, suffering from chronic bronchitis ; at the present time he saw no suspicious symptoms among the immigrants. After receiving full particulars from the surgeon-superintendent, the visitors proceeded to the hospital, and examined the inmates, also taking a general look round at the people and their quarters. About twenty new tents had been erected on wooden frames near the single girls' wards for the accommodation of the married couples. Nearly every tent was sup- plied with a fly, securely pegged down, and with board and blankets on which to sleep. The people, who, as far as could be judged from a cursory glance, appeared to be a healthy, able-bodied lot, were busily en- gaged in various ways, some washing, some carrying water, and others cooking, or attempt- ing to cook, over bush-fires scattered here and there. Notwithstanding their contemplated detention, all seemed in good spirits, and deter- mined to make the best of their situation. There appeared to be a unanimous opinion among the visitors that a vast improvement in the accom- modation at the station is urgently needed, the present buildings, such as they are, being con- sidered not only inadequate in size but unsuit- able for the purposes for which they are needed. Amongst the most pressing requirements are properly-constructed closets, the one or two at present in existence being, not only in a disgrace- ful state of dilapidation, but in a condition that renders them injurious to the health of the immi grants. Two of the waterholes on the island - those from which the single girls and married couples derive their supply - were visited. One, at all events, was found to con- tain an ample quantity of really good water, and it was stated that this had never yet been known to become dry. The present cemetery, however, is much too close to this waterhole, and a fresh site for the purpose should be selected without delay. The quarters for the single men, who have also been supplied with a new lot of tents, are some distance from those of the other immigrants, and were not visited on the present occasion. The members of the commission held a short consultation on the island, and unanimously came to the conclusion that there was no neces- sity to detain the people at the station longer than a thorough cleansing of wearing apparel, &c;, together with the necessary fumigation, could be effected - excepting, of course, as regarded the sick, who could be taken from the island whenever the surgeon-superintendent recommended their removal. This decision was reported to tho people, who, it may well be imagined, received the announcement with a considerable amount of enthusiasm. The ship was next visited. She is a new iron vessel, of splendid proportions, well fitted up, and in every way suited for the conveyance of immigrants. The bunks had been taken out, and were being conveyed over to Bird Island to be burned. The sides of the vessel are supplied with a framework specially adapted to prevent the accumulation of rags and other refuse at the back of the bunks, while at the bottom of this framework a scupper runs the whole length of the vessel on either side, with gratings at inter- vals for the purpose of discharging water em- ployed in washing the lower docks, bunks, &c; The inspection of the vessel proving satisfac- tory, a telegraph message was forwarded to Bris- bane, and a reply soon after received, conveying the sanction of the Cabinet to the release of the immigrants and vessel upon the completion of the cleansing operations now being carried out. It is expected that the single girls and the cabin passengers will be ready to quit the station by noon to-day, and the Kate leaves this morning for the purpose of bringing them up to Brisbane. The remainder of tho passengers will, in all pro- bability, follow them on Monday next. The visitors left the station at four o'clock yesterday afternoon, and arrived in Brisbane about eight in the evening. James Walsh was found murdered at the door of bis bumpy on Weir's Creek, New South Wales, with his head split open with an axe. Michael Duffy has been arrested on suspicion of having committed the crime. Two men have been found dead in the bush in the Wilcannia district, supposed to have perished from thirst. A man has been fined 10s. at the Police Court for interrupting an open-air preacher in Hyde Park, Sydney. An association for the destruction of native dogs has been formed at Narrabri, and 247 of these animals have been killed since October last. Mr. Fallon, while on his way to England, visited several Indian cities, and succeeded in establishing a new market for Australian wines. There has been serious grass-firing in tho Riverina districts, caused by negligent use of fire. Alarming reports reach Sydney respecting the persistency of the drought in the Upper Bogan, the Bland, and tho Wilcannia districts. Mn. Sheehy's boat-shed at Woolloomooloo Bay took fire on the 11th instant, causing a damage of £300. A young man named Anderson, in diving at the Glenelg Baths, Adelaide, struck his head against the bottom, and died a few hours after. At Wellington, N.S.W., a man named Jones has been fined £5 for giving aborigines alcoholic drink. 