ADELAIDE January 15. Fencing to the value of £10,000 has been de stroyed by bushfires. In the Port Lincoln dis trict a large township, called Wallaroo, narrowly escaped destruction by fire. The tender of I. and A. Overeud, Melbourne, has been accepted for the excavation of the masonry of the Graving Dock for nearly £63,000; The work will be finished in three years. In our last issue, in the Sub-leader, for " quieting a day by giving it a bone," read "quieting a dog by giving it a bone." Mr. Ackers sold in the early part of the week Mr. Moss' cottage to Mr. Buckland for £150. This is a fair price, and shows that cottages of this description, suited for small families, find ready purchasers. Mr. John Jones, of the Mary, sold out his interest in that claim, one half the whole, during the week to Mr. Robinson, of the Columbia; for £1500. There are 60 or 70 tons at grass ex- pected to go from 5 to 7 ounces. A mail bag is made up here now twice a week for the Houghton and the stations and places at this side of it Charters Towers has been hitherto treated as a mere branch from tbe Ravenswood line at the Houghton. However, things are finding their level. Constable Priestly swore yesterday he arrested Nevill about " three yards from where the fire was," at the back of Tierney's. The landlord himself says there was no fire, a Chinaman had been burning some rubbish in the evening, and possibly the remains of it might have been taken for a fire. We have received the first number of the Week published in Brisbane. We welcome this addition to Queensland journalism, It is well got up, smartly written, and contains a mass of varied and interesting information, not only the current topics of the day, but on the scientific subjects now occupying the intellect of the world. As a bush paper it will prove no mean rival to the Australasian, Town and Country and the Queens- lander. The serial department is not forgotten, but is kept within legitimate bounds, and the " Chess " column is a novel feature in a Queens- land newspaper, which will give pleasure to many readers. We wish The Week every success and bon voyage. On Wednesday morning, an accident occurred in the No. 8 St. Patrick to a miner named George Allen, resulting in a broken leg. Whilst break ing out stone, a flake fell from the roof, about ten feet above him, the rock striking him on the left leg and fracturing the bone above the ankle. The break, Dr. Scharffenberg describes, as a nasty one, the bone being broken right through. There was a gash of nearly three inches, and the bone stuck out about three and a-half inches. The sufferer was promptly removed by his mates to the hospital, where Dr. Sharffenberg set tbe limb. He found it necessary to remove about an inch and a-half of the fibula. The left arm was severely bruised in several places; there were various bruises over the body, and a slight flesh wound on the left thigh and on the forehead. The leg was placed in a leg-rest. Allen was get- ting on well yesterday, when we saw him. There are five broken legs now in the hospital; and, looking at the leg-rests and the appliances for fractured limbs no conspicuous in the ward, one would imagine it was a war hospital. In the police court yesterday, Thomas Nevill was charged on suspicion, with being of unsound mind. Constable Priestly deposed that he saw prisoner the night before, about 1 o'clock. He received information that there was a fire at the back of Tierney's, on going round to the back he found prisoner standing about three yards from where the fire was, the prisoner stated the matter to him, and said he did not think he was capable of taking care of himself, he went up the street and found the prisoner in one of George Cooper's back bedrooms, arrested him and brought him to the lock-up. William Tierney, licensed publican, deposed that he saw the prisoner about a quarter to 12 o'clock the night before in a female's bedroom on his pre mises. the prisoner had about half a bucket of water in a large tub, he was perfectly naked, he was washing himself, he asked him what brought him there, he said to wash himself, told him to put on his clothes and go out of that, he said he would wash his feet before he went, he is not a boarder nor lodger at his house, saw no fire on the premises. Prisoner was remanded for three days for medical examination. A meeting of the Cemetery Trust, was held on Thursday, at 8 o'clock in the Masonic hall Present.--Messrs. Dicken (in the chair), Prince, Tierney, Ryan, and Buckland. The Secretary Mr. Buckland, read the minutes of the previous meeting which were confirmed. A copy of the Rockhampton Cemetery Rules and Regulations was submitted and a code of rules for the Char- ters Towers cemetery was drawn up and adopted, on the motion of Mr. Prince seconded by Mr. Tierney, and that a copy of the regulations be forwarded to the Department of Public Lands to be approved and gazetted. The Secretary called the attention of the trustees to the vacancy caused by the death of John Edmond Rutherford, all present expressed their extreme regret at the loss of such an esteemed and valuable member of the Trust, and wished an entry to that effect made in the minute book. The Secretary was instructed to write to Mr. Macrossan, M.L.A to urge upon the Colonial Secretary the necessity for a further grant in aid of the Trust. Mr. Ryan moved and Mr. Prince seconded that Mr. Kirk be nominated as trustee in the room of Mr. J. E. Rutherford deceased, and that if Mr. Kirk consented, the Secretary forward his name to the Government for approval -Carried. The subject of the small burial ground near the hospital was brought up and discussed. It was decided that it was not the business of the trustees to interfere with it. The meeting then adjourned. The Queenslander keeps an " own correspond- ent" at Charters Towers, a Mr. Linklater hight, a grand authority on mining matters, and on constitutional questions. This gentleman is sedulous in grubbing up everything offensive against Charters Towers. He is never so happy as when indulging his cynical humor at the ex- pense of Charters Towers people. It was a ' ridiculous thing " forsoooh, in Mr. Linklater's opinion, that a deputation asked Mr. King for a government reward of £3000 for deep sinking. Ridiculous as the thing seems to Mr. Linklater, it is an established fact in New South Wales. There is more things in heaven and earth, than are dreamt of in Mr. Linklater's philosophy. Then again, Mr. Linklater does not approve of the Charters Towers Committee, "which arrogates to itself popular representative functions." Terrible ! Mr. Linklater may be a very import- ant personage in the eyes of the Queenslander, but he "does not count" in Charters Towers. A telegram appeared lately in the Courier, saying that Mr. King considered the railway project " premature." Was it Mr. Linklater sent that telegram, whoever sent it asserted what was not true. Mr. King gave expression to no such sentiment. Mr. Linklater has shown in his correspondence to the Queenslander, the same hostility to Charters Towers exhibited by the Northern Advocate, on which paper he is, we believe employed as mining reporter. This sneering and carping at Charters Towers people and Charters Towers institutions, ill becomes one who is living in our midst and sup ported by us. It is an ill bird that fouls its own nest. A meeting of the Primary School will be held on Monday evening next at Owens' Hotel at nine o'clock. All the improvements in and around the school are now completed. The com- mittee have a little money to their credit, and we would recommend that they provided the play sheds with swings and other gymnastic appli- ances for the amusement of the children. A letter has been received from the Board of Education asking whether there was any authority for the expenditure of £14 on two additional desks and ten forms. At the time the contract was first given it not antici pated that the number of children would be so large as subsequently appeared, and the desks and forms were ordered to meet the number of children supposed to attend. In the first month after opening it was apparent that more desks and forms were required, and the committee con- sidered they were justified in assuming that the necessary furniture could be ordered without a special application to the Board for that purpose. The present enquiry made by the secretary of the Board looks like cheeseparing and savors too much of the small economy of red tape some people delight in. If the Board refuse to pass the vouchers for the £14, of course, there is no one to say them nay. Such a proceeding, however, will be in keeping with that one-sided policy hitherto adopted by the Board towards remote districts. In and around Brisbane and Ipswich primary schools have been erected with scarcely any cost to the inhabitants. Charters Towers has contributed nearly £300 to its Primary School. It is rather illiberal of the Board to make a difficulty now about £14 for an abso lutely necessary work. The Gazette of the 1st notifies the following new appointments to the Commission of the Peace in this district:--George Edward Clarke, James Kirk, Hugh Mossman, Herbert Churchill Purcell, James B. Ross, and John Edmund Rutherford. There appears a certain fitness in appointing to the Commission the two pros pectors of this field, and we think Mr. Clarke and Mr. Mossman will do credit to the bench. The same remark will apply to Dr. Purcell. Of Mr. Kirk's qualifications we cannot speak, and the public were rather surprised at his appoint ment. Mr. James B. Boss will be very little use on the bench, but political services to Mr. Macrossan had to be fowarded. It would seem as if Mr. King was pretty closely shepherded and ear-wigged whilst here by Mr. Warden Charters, to whose influence we ascribe some of the most objectionable appointments in the above list. So closely, indeed, did Mr. Charters stick to the Minister that he intruded himself on the deputation which waited on Mr. King at Har greaves' Hotel, as if his presence would shock free speech. It is a pity Mr. King did not con- sult the Police Magistrate a little more. He did not run after him certainly. Had Mr. King looked about a little more, he would have found that there were others here who had better claims than mere political partisanship to a place on the Bench, and he would have no diffi culty in finding out that Mr. Brown, of the Queensland National Bank; Mr. Lissner, one of our oldest settlers and most rsspected mer- chants, Mr. Stubley, the representative of the largest mining interest on the field, and Dr. Scharffenberg, another old resident, would have better graced the Bench than mere political "dunnage." A man named James [?] who arrived in the Colony about three weeks ago in the ship Devon, and has since been employed at Mr Wilson's biscuit manufactory in Mary street, received a sunstroke on Wednesday afternoon, which proved fatal. --Week. We are informed there is no financial difficulty about the hospital. We are glad to hear it. We are, however, rather sceptical on that point. Last year it cost for maintenance £1895, or nearly £120 a month. The Government grant £1000, conditional on £500 being sub- scribed by local contributions. The outside of our income then is £1500, but at the present rate of going--£140 a month--it is clear we must outrun the constable. We have put our finger on another leak in the institution, the admission of patients by tickets. It is said pub- licans here made themselves very popular last year, by giving tickets to all who came It is said that Mr. Long admitted twenty indoor patients last year, and Mr. Tierney ten. Their right of admission was strictly defined by the amount of their subscriptions. Two indoor patients is the outside number, and therefore Mr. Long in admitting eighteen more than his due is indebted to the hospital to the amount of eighteen guineas, and Mr. Tierney eight guineas. We trust they will pay up this cheerfully and not let it be said that they pensioned off on the hospital their used-up boarders. The doctor has a right to admit " emergency " patients in case of accident, for instance, but beyond this his right is limited by his subscription. We find there is no proper cheque on this ticket system. The secretary has a muddling system of his own which satisfies him and perhaps some of his friends. The wardsman receives the tickets and puts them on a file. There is no book kept recording the number of tickets issued to any subscribers, nor the number re ceived in the hospital. Hence it is possible, with the connivance of the secretary, that one subscriber could send in twenty patients and another none at all. The secretary gives the tickets to his own pals. If the hospital were handed over to the Police Magistrate, Mr. Mowbray, and Dr. Scharffenberg for one month we should expect things to be put in proper train. The committee will never put things straight by talking. Two or three men with heads gene- rally do the work of all committees. One of those heads must belong to the secretary, and that is just what the present committee have not got--a secretary with a head fit for the work, a man so full of conceit and of his own superiority to the committee, whose paid servant he is, that he actually sits down whilst he reads the minutes-- a piece of discourtesy even an honarary secre tary is seldom guilty of. We think a strict enquiry into the ticket system is imperatively required. The annual collection is now about to be made, let the committee show the public that they are deserving of confidence, and that they are prepared to discharge their trust to the best of their ability. The subject is a constant sore always open. We are opposed to mere growling, but when good grounds for complaint are given we think it our duty as independent journalists to help to put things straight. 