^"'Destructive Busk Pires ae&r; I . "Wallsend. - | (Miners' Advocate, Jan. 15. In our issue of Saturday last wo stated that several largo bash fires were burning around Wallsend. Since then wo have been furnished with somo particulars respecting the damage done by these fires in the neighbourhood of Tickhole. On the previous evening (Friday) word was brought to Mr. Chas. Quintorel, of Wallsend, that a large bushfire, coming from the direotion of Lake Macquarie, was likely to cross his farm at Tiokhole. Mr. Quintorel lost no time in at once mvking to the soene of danger, where be was quickly followed by other members of his family. On reaobing the place he found his neighbours, Mr. Maonamara and others, busily engaged in* protecting thoir property from the ravages of the flimes. The fire by this time had spread so far, and there was so much material, in the shape of dry timber to feed it, that it was only by the most strenuous exertions tho dwelling could be saved Mr. Quinterel's farm is situated on the Lake side of the oreek at Tiokhole, and adjoins Mac- namara^. It appears that there were two distinot fires at the outsat, and owing to the position of the two farms just mentioned both fires met at this point,' thus making Messrs. Quioterel and Mac- namara tho principal, if not the only sufferers. Mr. Quinterel's fence, which extends for a mile and a half, was nearly all burnt, those portions esoaping being all moro or less oharred. There was something like a hundred acres of grass destroyed ; but, fortunately, the bouses and gardens were saved. We were informed by Mrs. Quinterei that a paddock of 50 aores, pretty thickly timbered by " ringed" trees all thoroughly dry, wore all on fire at the same time. The fire, which ran along the grass, was conveyed by the loose fragments of birk hanging from their trunks to the outspreading branches, and as the flames leapt from limb to limb, enveloping the whole in a vast sheet of flame, the spectacle, when darkness set in, was terribly grand. Notwithstanding the loss the residonts had sustained, and the danger that still threatened them, they continued to gaze on the weird scene as if Bpell-bound. 