NERRIGUNDAH [From our correspondent] Attemptss are now being made to work the reef at Grave-yard Creek, belonging to Baily and Company, by a company with a capital of £2000, in shares of £1 each ; the proprietrs reserving 500 fully paid up shares for their interest in the mine. There can be no doubt that worked properly with machinery belong- ing to themselves, instead of paying a high rate for the crushing, that the mine will prove renumerative. I enclose you a copy of the prospectus which speaks for itself. I hear that Mr. Bailey has already disposed of a considerable number of shares. There are several parties of miners at work in Nerrigundah Creek ; on the whole earning fair wages. Two parties, one Chinese, the other European, have lately marked out claims in the Police Paddock. Last week the whole township was surrounded by bush-fires. Parties were out beating back the fire. Fears were at one time entertained for the safety of the Public School, but these proved luckily, however, to be groundless, by a change in the wind, when the fire was within about a hundred yards of the building. Accident.— Mr. James Pollock, store- keeper, met with a serious accident, when driving in some horses at his farm at Cadgee ; approaching too near the animals who were crowded together at the slip rails of the stock yard, one of them made a kick at the horse Mr. Pollock was riding, but unfortunately struck this gentleman instead and broke his leg. Assistance, however, was close at hand. The broken leg was skilfully set by Police Sergeant Mchelland, who has had considerable experience of frac- tures during his New Zealand campaign, and I am happy to say that Mr. Pollock is in a fair way of recovery, although still confined to his bed. A very sudden death occurred on Friday last ; young Charles Watson, about 16 years of age, dropped down dead at his father's house immediately after dinner. The deceased, who had suffered from rheumatic pains since his sixth year, caused by immersion in water during the heavy floods, had been at work with his fathers and brothers the previous day, but complaining of being unwell, went home. His mother had just brought him a cup, part of which he drank, when, she hearing a rattling sound, returned to the lad's bedroom, found him speechless, and he expired almost immediately in her presence An inquest was held the same afternoon by the Coroner, Mr. S. Caswell, P.M., who happened to be at Nerrigundah, and a jury of twelve, whose verdict was that deceased died from natural causes. The lad was buried yesterday (Sunday) in the Catholic burying- ground, attended by a great number of friends of the family. The Police Magistrate, Mr. H. S. Caswell, presented the prizes to the children of the Public School in the presence of the Local Board on Friday, 17th instant. The children, who were neatly dressed, seem to have progressed well under the instruction of the present teachers. Mr. Caswell addressed the pupils with a few well-chosen remarks. The school has improved greatly in its internal aspect by the supply of new furniture granted by the Council, and it is to be hoped that before long an entirely new school will be erected. The building in use now is the Presbyterian Church. Mr. Caswell's three special prizes for proficiency in arithmetic were awarded to Miss Maria Pfeiffer, of third class, and Master William Pfeiffer and Charles Gibb, of the second class. The teachers' prizes for spelling were given to Master Daniel Mundey, of the third class, and Thomas Kennelly, of the first class. Besides these, nine other prizes were awarded to the children for general proficiency. The proceedings in the school terminated by the pupils singing a few songs, concluding with the National Anthem. They were then treated to a good supply of lollies, cakes, etc., and at the request of Mr. Caswell three cheers were given by the children for their teachers, Mr. and Mrs. Meyer. Nerrigundah, 20th December, 1875. IMPORTANT. — The following reply has been received, by which it seems such transfers cannot, in the opinion of the Minister, be allowed : — Department of Lands, Sydney, 25th November, 1875. Sir,— Referring to your letter of the 4th instant, en- quiring whether a person holding a conditional purchase of 320 acres can become the owner of a second selection also of 320 acres ; I am directed to inform you, that a conditional purchaser who is already the holder of an in- complete purchase under section 13—that is one on which the usual declaration of residence and improve- ments have not been made—cannot hold another such purchase until all the requirements of the land Act have been complied with in regard to the first. I have, &c.;, W. W. STEPHEN. Mr. R. Kirby.— Bega Standard. THE Robertson Government having ap- pointed an extraordinary number of Civil servants, they now propose to raise the salaries of all. Let the people remember that they have to pay the piper. AT Araluen, a boy was brought before the Police Court for absconding without leave from his hired service. The lad is a "marksman." Mr. J. M. Curtis, for the defence, took the objection that the boy's mark was not witnessed by the person who signed in that capacity, and the Bench pronounced the objection fatal. Particulars are given in the Braidwood Dispatch. The following conditional purchases were made at the Bombala Land Office on Thursday, 23rd December:—Alfred E. Witts, 640 acres, parish of Cooper ; James Martin, 640 acres, same parish ; Charles Guthrie, 60 acres, parish of Lawson. Receipts of the week, £540 2s. 5d.—Bombala Times. TAKE a note of what Benjamin Frank- lin once stated: — A local paper intelli- gently conducted, is the most precious possession of an intelligent community, and it is the sacred duty of every man who can read, and even those who cannot, to support it. The man who leave others to pay for a paper, the benefit of which he enjoys, in simply not honest. SEWING MACHINES —Mr. D. Lazarus is Cooma agent for the Home Shuttle Sewing Machines. 