I PASTORAL NEWS; STOCKMOVEMENTA AND MARKETS. BOUBKB STOCK BBPOBT.-January 29th.-As an ticipated by many of the oldest residents, a change of weather occurred on or about the 24th inst. On Monday the oppressive heat, 110 in tho shade, sub- sided at about noon, when distant thunder from the north-east and north proclaimed the advent of a downfall. Between 3 and 4 o'clock the rain came down in torrents, and although of short duration, tended much to cool the atmosphère, and refresh the parched ground. The storm wns partial, but in Jandra, and other places in the district, the down- pour wns sufficient to supply the empty tanks and otherwise benefit the various runs in the district. On the Cobar road the downpour was heavy, the very locality most needed. From the Bulloo news has reached us of a heavy thunderstorm with rain for several hours. At Brewarrina the rainfall was rather large. Most of the north-eastern districts were visited with rain during the week. Ruin fell on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, in Bourke, more or less decreasing in density on the latter day. It has now cleared off. To-day the weather is cool and bracing ; the thermometer at 8 a.iu. being at 70. 6290 iheep left Bundabulla station last week for the Darling Downs, Queensland. 3385 ewes and 115 rams from Murray downs. Euston district, are travel- ling from thence to Goorimpa, Paroo river, E, ' Elworthy in charge ; they passed Mouindie on the 1st inst. 4000 sheep the property of Mr. J. N. Taylor, of Ballycastle, are travelling down the Warrego, owner iuchargo; they are advertised for sale. A flock of 2000 full sheep passod through Bourke to-doy, from Wapweelah, en route for Jandra to be shorn, Mr. Lawrence in charge. No homo sales this wook. On the Fort Bourko run (O'.Shanasav'a) many deaths among aged cattle have takeu plnco ; many of tho herd have suffered ssveroly from the drought, and largo numbers have succumbed through its effects. Many station holders were gotting alarmed at tho prospect of a continuous drought, but their fenrs will, no doubt, now bo dispelled, tho weather having taken a decidad change.- 1,'owke Telegraph. MBLBOUBNB STOCK MARXKT.-Fat Cattlo : 10C0 were yarded for tho week's supply, nearly all from die north, a largo proportion being of primo and good description. There was a fair attendance of buye«, and although prices fluctuated to some ex- tent, un the whole nn advance of from 5s to 10s per head was obtained on last week's rates. Primo quality bullocks sold at from £11 to £12; good ditto, from £10 to £10 10s ; socond ditto, from £8 to£S>; inferior ditto, from £7 ; best pens of cows, from £8 to £8 17« Od ; others, from £5 upwards. Mr. John Gao. Dougherty sold 100 bullocks for Messrs. G. A, and P. Mein, from Moolpah Station, to £10 17s Gd ; l8 ditto for Mr. Ilobort Chirnside, to £10'; 2j ditto and cows for Messrs. Junking, M'Luli nan,and Leako to £7 11s Od. Messrs. King and Cunningham have sold 100 bullocks for Messrs. Cox and lilomllold, from Kvurslmtn, Queensland, to £10 15s, averaging £8 14s 5d. Messrs. Powors, Rutherford, and Co. sold a draft from near town. Mesara, Peck, Hudson, and Raynor sold 65 head for Messrs- W. ii. Staughton and Wallder Bros., cows to £8 17s (id, bullocks to £3. Messrs. Byan and Ham mond have sold 29¡í bond from the Lachlan for Mr. Keogh, at from £S to £11 17a Od; also, 39 hend for Air. Elwin, Narnndera, to ¿li 17s 6d. Messrs. Stratford, Strettle and Co. Bold 17 head for Mr. Skuse. MesBrs. J, C. Walker and Co. havo sold, outsido, 50 bullocks at £7 los. Messrs. Dal. Camp- bell, Hepburn, and Co. sold 284 bullocks, good light weights, for Mr. John Simpson, Mosgeil, at quota- tions.-Fat Sheep : This market wns supplied with 24,502, the greater portion of which wore of second or middling description. Bust lots sold at figures nearly equal to last week's rates. Other sorts mot with a dull salo at a roduotion of Is per head from last quotations. Best wethers sold at from 10s Gd to 1 la Od, crossbreds to 15s, good do. from Os to 10a, second from 7s to Ss, inferior from 5s, primo ewoo from 7s 6d to 8s, crossbreds to 1 Is, good from ßs ßü to 7s, inferior from 3a Iii!. Mr. John Geo. Doughnrty sold 2,600 merino wethers from Barratta ; 425 do. from Albury. Messrs. Et orshunk, Eaglestone, nnd ? Co. sold 2,056 owes and wethers, for Messrs. Officer Brothers, Murray Downs, at top quotations. Messrs. King and Cuningham have sold 183 wethers for Mr. | Cook, Frankston ; 252 crossbred ewes and wethers for Mr. A. Armstrong, Warrambeen ; and 44 cross brod wothors from the Barrabool Hills. Messrs. Powers, Itutherford, and Co. sold 2,142 wethers for Mr. L. Kiddle ; 621 wothers for Mr. Robert Ruther- ford ; 203 wethers for Mr. Robert Moffatt ; and 266 ewoa for Mr. Robert Chirnside. Messrs. Peck, Hudson, and Raynor sold Mr. MacBain's wethers tit Ils; ewes, 7s 6d; Mr. H. W. Stnughton's wothors. at from 7s 3d to 11s Od; Mr. M'lntosh's wetliors, at from 6s to 10s Od; ewes (inferior), at 3s Sd, Messrs. Ryan and Uummond havo sold 1,000 wethers from the Westward, and 1,200 ewes for Air. Robert Moffatt. Messrs. W. and J. Rnleigh hnve sold 1,0.">6, wothors for Mr. O. Edwick, Serpentine ; 3,387 wothers for Messrs Gleeson and Co., Chiltern, and 1,988 <>wes and wethers from the Avoca. Messrs, Stratford Sirottlo and Co. sold a draft of wothers for Mr, Riddler, Myr- niong ; 327 do. for Mr, Thomas Warran nt quotations, Messrs. J. C. Walkor and Co havo this day sold 2,300 wethers from Riverina; 1,544 ewes, from the Loddon ; 122 do. for Mr, Johnston ; 100' wethers for Mr. Barrow ; total, 4,0(16 ; at full market tates, and turned ont 1,100 unsold. Messrs. Dal. Campbell Hepburn, and Co. sold 1,357 ewes and wether?, for Mr. John Gibbs, Ascot; 376 do. for Mossrs. Beasoly nnd Derrick, Lancefield ; 298 do. for Mr. D. Bantock, Kensington ; 56 do. for Mr. George Middloton, Kyneton ; 40 ewes for Mr. A. Thomson, Kyneton -- Store Stock.-Mr. John Geo. Dougherty lins Bold since last report 4,500 wethers, on the Murray, to 7s 9d. Messrs. Ettershnnk, Eaglestone, and Co. have sold 3000 wethers, and 3000 mixed sheop in Riverina. Müssra. King and Cuningham have sold 500 cross- bred owes, four-tooth, for Mr. M. M'Kenna, Kyne I ton. Messrs. Stratford Strettle and Co. have sold during the week, on account of Mr. Geo. M'Cor mnck, 91 steers and heifers to Messrs. Mooro and Co. ; also 53 acres of lund nt Bulla Bulla, At £10 10s. per nero. Mossrs. J. C. Walker and Co. have this day sold 107 bullocks at £v> 6s.-Stations : Messrs. Bttorshank, Eaglestone, and Co. roport the sale of Kildary station in tho Lachlon diatriot, with 25,000 sheep, &c.; ; also Mossrs. Hardie and Millar's Tum- udgery station, in the Murumbidgeo district, with 18,085 sheep, cattle, horses, purchased land, &c;, to James M'Crae, Esq., Toorak,-Argus, Feb. 3. Messrs, Gibson and Co. report:-Fat Cattle: 1000 bead yarded and disposed of to-day, which number was considered OXCOSBÍVO for this week's consump- tion following the vory largo supply forward last week. Tlie market opened rather dull, but as sales progressed an advance of about 10s. per head, principally on the best lots, took place, There was a good attendance of the trade, and nearly all tho cattle shown were of fair average quality. We quote:-Boat penB bullocks, ¿'10 to ¿li 17s. Cd, ; second,£810s. to ¿910s; medium, from£7 upwards; very few cows offering, tops sold up to £Q 2s 6d, Fat Sheep: The number forward for the the week was 24,592, consisting principally of medium quality, with very few good and prime amongst thom. The latter descriptions mot a ready sale at prices quite equal to last week, whilst all others wero difficult to Bell at a further reduction of from Gd to le per head, and ubout 1000 were turnod out unsold. The preservers and graziers wero of great assistance in clonring the market, hnving pur- chased to a very large extent. We quote -.-Best merino wethers, 10s 6d to 1 Is 6d ; soconds, 9s to 10s ; others, 5a upwards -, ewes at proportionate rates, We sold-3585 wethers for Dr. Dickson, Uabba sta- tion, Lachlan River.-Store Stock; Wo have no alteration to report since our last, sales being ex- tremely dull for all descriptions of store stock, and likely to continuo so until cooler weather sots in, and the danger of fires is not so groat. We quoto : -Beat 4-tooth to O-tooth wethers in Riverina, 7s to 8s; seconds, 6s to 6s Od; ditto ewos, 2 and 4 years old, 9a to 12s ; seconds, 7s Cd to 83 Od. For Vic- torian sheep prices may be quotod at from 2s to 3s per head lower than the above. Best bullocks up to £6 10s; cows, £4 10s. Wo have sold-200 cattle, a quiet former's lot, at £4 for bullocks, mid £3 7s 6d for cows; also, a small draft of ewes for Sir W. II. F. Mitchell, Barford. WILCANNIA STOCK ÄBPOIIT.-January 26.-The wonther during the week has been wnruaor than hitherto. The want of rain is still the cry and unless it soon comes it will be a serious mtitlor for somo of tho bnck-blockers. Stock movements are nil. In our last report we mado on error in the number ot cattle of Mr. Doyle's that past, we reported tho num- ber as 250, whereas it should have boon 420. Last woek Mr. Loughnan past up to tako delivory of Winbar, recently purchased by him from Mr. A. Tobin.-Wilcannia Ttmes. FoiiBiss STOCK RHPOIIT.-Still the sarao story; hard, dry, most unpromising weather, with not even the gloani of a probability of rain. Many are begin- ning to be very anxious, but still thora is nothing for it but to wait and hope. After all, it is surprising how well stock aro looking considering that there appears to bo nothing for thom to oat. The river is lined with " travellers" going anywhero where thoy can got grass and water. Business in tho local mnrket continues very dull. Mr. Charles St. Baker reports having sold to-day by auction on account of C. E. Pearson, Esq., 20 head fat cattle at satisfactory prices. The following oro the local passings -.-7,200 weaners (A. G. Jones'), passed for Cowra, Fennell in charge. 7,500 mixed sheep ( A. G. Jones'1, for Oowrn, Murray in charge. 6,000 mixed sheep (Campbell's), of Mickabi). from Cowra, owner in charge. A mob of fat cows (the Hon. Mr. Hay'«) from the Warrego, for Wagga, Thompson in charge. 9,000 sheep from Humbug (Murphy's), for Burrowa, owner in e'inrge. A draft of cattle are coming from Mr. B. Clomont'a station near Bigga, to his station on Crowie Creek, near Euabalong. 1000 very superior breeding cows purchased by A. C. Wilson, Esq., from Ffronch's on the Blond, passed on S iturday en route to Mr. Wil- son's station near Bourke, Clarence in charge. Forbes Timrs, Jan. 6. Dunno STOCK BKPOBT:-The weather during the weok has been dry, and although there have been very many indications of rain, none has fallen, Rain is badly wanted boro, and if it does not soon come, it is impossible to say what losses may result. Feed is getting remarknbly scarce, and stock are beginning to show tho effects of the bad season. We have now been n considerable time without rain, and as lost spring was not a. very luxuriant one, the present dryiiesB is very much \- -.» fait. From the various parts of tho north-west, we hear reports of rain being badly wanted. Thoro Is, howover, no drought-that is, when the word is taken in its fullest sense. At Coon amblo the weathor is dry. Bain wnntod. Au occasional thundor shower has fallon, but its oflecU have boon but slight. On the Mncquario. the woatber is dry-min wanted. Feed along the road remains scarce water out back rathor exhausted, and things altogothor look anything but coleur de rose. About Bourke matters are vory dry, and lookingrathrr un- settled. Thora have boen some thunderstorms recently, but wo are informed that thoy havo lett littlo water. Theso thunderstorms, at best, ara but partial, and although thoy some- times do leave a large amount, as a rulo thuy havo but a mere temporary effect. On the Bogan, mat- ters are looking very badly, and stock are travelling from many stations. On the Merii Merri, Martha- guy, &c;" dry weather is atill tho cry. Wo want now about four days* good rain ; and that it may soon como is tho prayer of all connected. Tho Dubbo district stock items aro few this week. Travelling, owing to tho d17 weather, is not lookod upou with favour. 13,000 Bheop (Shanahan and Jennings) from Garrawilla are about here, in charge of Thompson, going to Wnrbrecan. Mr. \V. K. Golding has pur- chased GO head of fat cattle (P. Morgan's) from Pier Pier. Wo henr of 100 storo cattle near Gin Gin owner's nomo not known by our informant. COO storo cattlo are coming by tho Castlereagh for solo -B. Stonglin agent. A lot of young hulls, bought at Wurrah anio by Messrs, Hughes and Mahor, aro en route to Marramine. Mr. J. Perry will start fat cattle in about three weeks. There is also a very prime lot in Messrs. Egan's runs. 14,000 . sheep (Nott's) passed Knuamine yesterday, going to Gingiti. 14,000 sheep (Dovison'a) of Bourke, were at Tuuborabungie last night.-Dispatch. WAOOA WAGGA STOCK BKPOIIT.-Fob. 4,1870, The weather for tho past week has been sotnowhnt cooler as a rule, although by no means unseasonably so, as it was in tho earlier pnrt of the summer. There is a gonerul want of rain now throughout the dis- trict, for notwithstnudjnfi tho welcome falls which wore experienced about three months ago, the sub soquont drynoss has boen in m*ny cases very trying t-> pastoral men, Bush-fires, too, of a d'sastrous character, have ridded loss and inconvonienco. Mr. Lewis lost about 12- miles of fencing on Ñorinh station, and Mr. Patterson about aoven miles on Bynya, by a fire which »god for about eight days. Down tho river, the probabilities of a boneicinl change of weather seems to be as remoto as ever. Tho porsistent drought has porchod the land, lowered tho rivors, nnd dried up many waterholes. Long stngcB have to be travelled without water, and the grass, which is in soma piucos plentiful, is becoming too dry to sntisfy stuck, In the Monaro dis- trict, tho woollier has been warm and dry, with occasional Frosts at night.nna to mnko tno variableness complote thunderstorms one day and hail the next. Business has not been brisk in tho local: market Thora is a good domand for fat cattlo, but only n few nro in the murker. Storo cattlo are very dull of sala, and thoro is the grontcst difficulty in effecting transactions. Thora is a good domand for young storo sheep, suitable for fattening. Mr. G. A. Elliot (P. R.& Co.) reports having told 671 cowa for Messrs. Kennody and Magill, to Mr. T. II. Boar, of Grong Grong. Messrs. Wilkinson, Hann, Minchin, and Co, have sold 25 head of fat cattle by auction, for Mr. Lachlan Robertson ; 4700 6 and eight tooth wethers for Mr. J. C. Hawkins, of Cowabee, to Mossrs. Clark Bros., of Hoy ; 700 storo wethers for Mr. G. J. Mulholland, to Mr. S, Fonnoll ; and (An conjunction with Messrs. Woolridgo and Wren, of Deniliquin) 5000 4 and 6 tooth wether* for Mr. R. J. Gillman, < Í Mittagong, to Messrs. J. Bell and. Co., of Morugo. Messrs. Ettershank, Eaglestone, and Co. (Mr. G. Mair) hnvo sold Kildary Btntion, with 25,000 shoap, for Mr. J. A, Dallas, to Mr. John Cox.- Wagga JVaqga Express. HAY STOCK RKPOHT.- February 2nd, 1870.-Tho past week lina boon characterised by oxci siivo lient. The therm oin et or reaching 108 dog. in the shndo and 150 dt'g. in the sun, In stock movements wo have to roport ;-Januavy 21st, 2000-f. t shtop left Steam Plains for Melbourne via Conargo and Deniliquin. 22nd, 11,568 mixed sheop loft Kajulijah for Forbes via Mossgiol, Willandra, and Lachlan. Samo day, 5065 fat wethors left Corrong for Melbourno. 27th, 2550 fat'ewes left Tubbo for Melbourno vin Urana. 3505 fat wethers will start from Toogoombie for Melbourne on 3rd inst. Mr. Dunbar with 2500 wothors from Book Book is travelling up the Lach- lan, towards Forbes. No Bheep or cattle crossed Hay bridgo since last issue. Our Moudo correspon- dent under date of 30th ulr" says:-The weather is very dry and hot, the glass has been as high as 110 for the last threo days, Tho Murrumbidgee is Rot- ting very low, and stanmore have to work their barges o vor a good many sand bars. There will cross hore to- morrow 3000 fat sheoi» for Melbourne, in chargo of Mr. Wright, and if the woather keeps as it is nt prosont there will be a great many mora pass this way within the next few months, Mr. G. A. McGowan for Powers, Rutherford, and Co.. reports sale of 1100 full-mouthed ewes to Mr. Andrew Donohoe, on account of Messrs. Russell and Shaw, Eli Elwah, at a satisfactory price,-Riverine Grazier, Hay. 