INGLEWOOD. (l-ROM Otllt OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Wednesday, 20th December. The manner in which public business is con ducted at the local railway station has lately led to serious complaints and dissatisfaction. From the iirst week of his appointment the stationmaster has, by his discourtesy and in civility, made himself obaoxious to nearly all with whom business brings him in contact. That, however, many people tolerated, hoping that in the course of time he would learn the rules of common politeness; but now, when he is found to be throwing obstacles in the way of people getting their goods readily, the matter has become unbearable, and complaints both loud and deep are met with in all directions. Au incident, has just been related to me which goes to show that some decided steps should be taken to check the evil. A few days ago a well known storekeeper in the town expected some goods by train, and instructed one of the local carriers, Mr Butler, who has beeu engaged in that business here for many years, to call at the station and get the consignment; but on making application, the carrier could not get them, the stationmaster telling him that Free man, another carrier, a stranger in the town, would take theni. On learning this, the store keeper went, to the stationmaster and asked if there were any goods for him. The answer was "No," although the applicant could see his name down ou the book which the 3tatiomnasier was looking- at. The latter afterwards cor rected himself, and said there were some goods for the person mentioned, and told Freeman, who had pushed himself forward, to tear up the way-bill he had in his possession, and the store keeper would get another. The latter very plainly informed tne stationmaster he had no right- to gWe his goods to any carrier he thought tit. They were to be brought by the person who was sent for tljeai. Jr. then turned out that these very goods had been handed over to Vree inan's custody without his paying the railway charges, which privilege has never before been extended to anyone else. A publican iias also experienced similar difficulty in obtaining his goods. On one occasion he had to send two orders by Hutlcr before he could obtain what he wanted, the stationmaster stating with regard to ' the iirst, "Oh, that's no good." Hainan's I order, with his own signature attached, is no j good, what is? But a most remarkable fact in connection with this business is that Freeman has access to the way-bills two or three hours before anyone else, and can take goods from the station without au order, while other persons must always produce written authority. Our merchants and others object to the petty tyrauny of any stationmaster who presumes to say who shall remove their goods from the | station, and who shall not, and unless the I gentleman indicated wishes to have unpleasant i suspicions attach to him, he will do well to remain neutral betweeu carriers. At. a meeting of the hospital committee on Monday evening, the teuder for groceries of J. A. Craig, for the next half-year, was accepted. The tender for bread by J. Anderson was suc cessful, as also was that of 11. li. Webb, for funerals. The resignation of Mr \Y. Smith, dispenser, was read. The cause assigned was the instruction given by the committee that he was to report the non-atteudance of the doctor if he vras absent for thirty hours. The resigna tion will be dealt with at a future meeting. On Friday last, the day of hot winds and bush-fires,a bullock-driver carrying several toua of wool narrowly escaped losing his waggon and freight, lie was driving along a bush-track, coming from Glenloth, when a fire overtook him, and then commenced a race between the pursu ing enemy and his team, his thrashing away at the latter uutil he was well-nigh exhausted. Several times he aliaost despaired, and was going to unyoke the animals, and leave the waggon and its load to their fate. As it was, the tarpaulin caught fire two or three times. 