TELEGRAPHIC NEWS- Adelaide, Thursday 8 p.m. The All England Eleven at the Newcastle match made 77 in their second innings. Charlwood scored 26, and Greenwood 29. Business men in the City are disagreeing about the observance of the public holiday. No change in wheat quotations. Large parcels of National Marines Shares sold to-day at 1s. 3d. It has been fearfully hot. LEADING and other matter withheld because of arrival of a budget by last night's post. CAUSE LIST.—The following is the list of cases to be heard at the Local Court Moonta. this (Friday) morning. — UNSATISFIED Young &. Rodda v. Baffin. Evers v. White. Trembath v. Louis. DEFENDED JUDGMENTS. CASES. Bonnett v. Michell. CEIMINAL. Police v. Noye indecent exposure. Ranger v. Hyde. Ranger v. Hurley. Ranger v. Browning. Thomas v. Thomas. DRUNKENNESS.—A contractor named Thomas Hawkes was yesterday fined 5s. for drunkenness at Moonta. whilst in charge of a horse. Mr. STUCKEY, of Moonta, we believe counts to-day (Friday) as the fortieth anniversary of his arrival in South Australia. AT Moonta yesterday at noon the thermometer read 114° in the shade. Some of the residents were in an excellent frame of mind for volunteering for the next Polar Discovery expedition. DURING the last ten or twelve days a large bush-fire has been burning to the North-east of Kadina. We understand that so far it has been confined to the scrub and that no damage has been done to crops or homesteads. THE Hon. Secretary of the Moonta Bay Regatta informs us that the Kadina and Wallaroo Railway Company have intimated the probability of the next section of line being opened on the day of the Regatta to within a short distance of the beach, at low fares. This will no doubt be found a great convenience. OUR attention was called to a large flock of sheep which yesterday (Thursday) morning were down at the jetty, Moonta Bay, under great stress for want of water. Many of them were drinking the sea-water, and presented a very pitiable aspect. We have not heard the name of the owner ; but: mention the matter in the hope that the poor animals may have the necessary attention. [We believe that subsequently the Police found out the owner and telegraphed, so that, they were attended to.] THERE is an inhuman scoundrel at large who deserves the heaviest penalty that can be inflicted for cruelty to animals. A horse belonging to a man at East Moonta came in from the Scrub the other day with its mouth tightly tied up with whipcord, so that it could neither eat nor drink. Cutting the cord. the owner found that some monster in human form bad packed the poor beast's mouth with dung and bits of scrub, and then firmly tied its mouth in the manner described. We sincerely hope the inflictor of this wanton cruelty will be Caught. THE Rev Mr. Lee, formerly a Missionary to the natives of the Friendly Islands, has been visiting the principal towns of the Peninsula as a deputation on behalf of the Wesleyan Foreign Missionary Society. He has addressed public meetings in the several localities, and has interested his audiences in his descriptions of the island's and their inhabitants, their customs, law, and language, as also of the progress made in Cbristianzing them. He spoke especially of his experiences in the island of Tonga, and gave examp/es of their language, with some critical comparisons of the languages used among the inhabitants of the Polynesian group. Collections have been made in behalf of the funds of the Society. THE harvest wages at York Valley range up to 36s. per week and board and lodging; and more exceptional terms still are given to very exceptionably good nands. We are sorry to say. however, that crops generally do not run sufficiently heavy to justify very high wages this season. THE Bnllarnt Courier reports that a Chinaman named Hoo Chin, residing at Morrisons, was working on 1st inst. with a party of countryman in a claim in that locality, when a little after midday a quantify of earth fell upon and killed him. A mate of deceased's stated that they were working in a tunnel leading from the shaft when the earth near the face of the tunnel, where deceased was working, fell in, at the same TIME that SIIF sets of timber broke T'OWN overhead. Deceased was covered with debris. The remainder of the party got him out in about half-an-hour, but he was quite dead. RABBITS.—During the past flve months 130,000 dozen rabbits have been trapped on two estates in Tasmania, but notwithstanding this enormous number—over a million and a half—the rabbits are almost as THICK as ever. —Express. PALET A PLAGIARIST.—His famous work was cribbed from Cliamberlyne who published in L718A -rolume entitled the True Philosopher. It was a translation from a French version of the Dutch author Nienwenlyt. His work as the original was placed in parallel columns with that of Paley in Chamber's Booh of Days, and the plagiarism was manifestly and satisfactorily proved. THE following encouraging statistic® have been published at New York :—In 1776 there were in the United States 1900 Evangelical Churches. In 1876 there are 92,000 of such churches. The increase during the century has been forly-eight fold, while the increase of population bus been but fourteen fold. There are now eighteen members of Evangelical Churche3 to every IOO of population, or four timeB the proportion as it stood in 1790, TIIE American BaptistB have proposed to aise an educational fund of £1,250,000 this ear by one dollar contributions. LITERARY TASTE A railway porter at Haywaid's-heath, while in a state of delirium, ate nearly the whole of a newspaper, and died from suffocation. IN the neighborhood of Freshwater Creek (says the Colae Herald,) the eagleliawks of late have been committing ravages among the lambs. A short time since a farmer in the locality was in one of his paddocks with a dog of the terrier breed, when one of these rapacious birds swooped down and took the poodle in his talons and lodged it in the boughs of a tree some distance off. The hawk was frightened away by the farmer, and the dog was rescued from the tree. The young children hare to keep indoors for fear of being molested by the birds. THE Castlemaine Woollen Factory, says the Mail, have now fairly set to work with their manufactures, the various opentions of j wool scouring, dyeing, scribbling, spinning, weaving, cloth scouring and burling, all being now carried on. So far they have been able i t to keep nine looms at work, and have manufactured 2000 yards of flannel of very • f superior quality. The company have abcut £500 worth of wool on hand ready for manu- | facturing, and hope shortly to be able to place their products on the market. There are now fifty-two hands at work in the factor3 T . A SHOCKING ACCIDENT happened on tfie Geelong and Rallarat line on the 1st inst. The train ran over a child named Mary Large aged one year and seven montliK, killing her on the spot. The engine-driver noticed something in front of the engine just before it reached the spot, but thought at the time that it was a goat. The guard iron of the engine struck the child en the left temple, and she was thrown between the rails. The train passed over without injuring the body. The irain was stopped, and the body was taken to the father's house. FILTERING WATER.—I can endorse every word that'' J. L." states on the subject of filters. During tfie last forty years I have tried every kind that has been brouirht out. both here and in America, and have no faith in any of them. Same will, it is true, for a few weeks or so remove mechanical impurities simply suspended in water, but I do not believe that any existing filter will purify water from sewage or from any matters in chemical combination with it. The mechanical principle is much the same in all, but the pores of eTery strainer (and filter.-; are nothing more than strainers) soon bi.come clogged or choked, and by degrees minute extraneous particles force their way through the filtering medium, be it what it may, and manifest themselves plainly and repulsively enough to the eye in your decanter, which in a week or two, uuless regularly cleansed, will become lined with a palpable film, showing that the filter has utterly failed to doiis work. Now, I am a great advocate for purity in water, whether for drinking, washing, making tea, or soup ; and my friends never fail to exclaim, as they hold the water-bottle on my table to the light, or imbibe the delicious contents, " What delightful water ? Where do you get it ? What spring do you draw it from? How it sparkles—and socold it ! Is it iced, or does it come from a deep well ? The answer is a very simple one, and will enable ariybodj', at no cost at all, if he has a kitchen fire going, to do likewise. 1 have long since altogether discarded filters as delusions and snares, but, at the back of my kitchen prate I have a large wrought-iron boiler. From the top of this rises perpendicularly about one foot of 1J inch iron pipe w ith an elbow at, the end. to which is screwed a length of about ten feet more (1 in) pipe, terminating in a coil of about twenty feet of ^ inch tin pipe (such as gasfitttrs use), the coil or worm " being fixed in an oaken tub that stands out of the way, in a corncr of my kitchen. The tub is raised about eighteen inches from the Hags, and as soon as the vrater in the boiler gives off steam, a gentle trickle is heard from the extremity of the worm (provided for the sake of convenience with a gun-metal cock) and the flow continues all day, filling successively any number of jugs that may be required. Those for table use are emptied into a simple glass • aerating apparatus, which keeps up a constant stream of carbonic gas, with very little attention, and as the outside of the reservoir, as well as the water caraffes, are kept cool by being enveloped in damp cloths, and are placed on a shelf in a strong current of air, I have at all times an abundant supply of, to all intents, cold spring water of the most perfect attainable purity. Who do not think proper to adopt this system must, if they live in towns, be content to imbibe diluted sewage or the drainings from graveyards, &c.;, as the case may be.—Ev/jUsh Mechanic. tgjj- WE hear th.it Geo. C. Smith, Draper, is offering Greater Bargains than any of those who are selling off. It ia perfectly astonishing liow the goods can be scld for the money. [Advt] 1 f you v:ant cJatldvg go where yoa can get a fashionable ail, splenaul, patterns and first class quality— IJazlim's, 