ALEXANDRA SIH-IRE COUNCIL. The ordinary meeting of the Shire Council was hell on Tuesday last.' Present-The President (Dr Ferguseou), and Cre Knowles, Wightman, Allardyce, Baker, Kolly, and Whitaluw. The minutes' of previoup? meeting were read and confirmed. " CALL OF THE COUNCIL. Cr Whitelaw said be had moved for a call of the whole council to consider the claim-for £275 of the contractor for the Enoch's Point ro:ad. The work haid been let under a written contract, and the conditions of that contract had been commlind with.' The .work, was finished six mouths ago, and 'a certificate given by thebo Shire Engineer, and the council had no alternative but to pay the money. There was no pretence of a detefice. Every member of the council would admit that the work was done according to contract. It was let on a schedule of prices of tho moot simple nature-- ;3 10 per chain for cutting, and £1 5s for clearing. The only question lor consideration was whether the number of chains of cuttng and clearing set fobrth in the Engineer's coltifioar?e had been per-, formed. No one doubted the correctness of the ,measurement-if they did, the proper course would be to have it re-ineasured. The work had been inspected, by the President, and two other councillors, who were satisfied that it had been donae. up to specification, and reporter} accordingly. There coutld now he no; reasonable .excuse' for not paying the contractor. Some coanciIlors did not expect the work would cost so much. He had even heard it mooted by one councillor. that the contractor was not of age, and, could not comtpel the counci' to pay him. Co4ncillora should hbe ashamed of trying to get rid of a 3dept by such di,!honest moans. Whlat coslnt cillora expected or did not expect could not alter i written contract, and as for the coq, tractor not being of age, it was too contemp t'ble. As the c ,uncil was not in funids, some conditions might be made with, the contractor. by giving hin a certificate payab)l in six .months. Unlecs some suho arrangementa were made, it was clear from the letter jugt. read that the council would be involved iQ 4 lawsunit thir, wouild cost at loaet'"£00, and counc:llors should avoid spending-thl rates pavels' money in law. Cr Baker would oppose the mption. There. was a lot of work required thrdtighput the. shire. Ratopayern were asking fo r jobs. here and there, and he would, like to,. know how. the finances stood. He bhad no doubt the work wasn dlone, but it had cost moxe than was expucted. ie would rather defend the. cass in the Supreme Court than pay it. Cr A llardycer could not support the.nmpion. He behoved the contractor was bound by a bulk sum. Cr Wightman moved an amendment to. the effect that the opIniou, of counsel be,c taken as to whether the. counocil could be. compelled to pay tie money. Cr KInowlcs considored. .th whole thing . shamn. The work abhoald have been comnr menced at the upper: qnd, of the. rgod. He. wouild neither suppirta the motion, por tbp amendutput. , . Cr Whttelaw oqjcected to the, word hanm, use'd hb. Or Knowles. ,'hgt:coupcillor hI ada bf3 n opposed to the Enpch'ws.Point from first to last. "He disliked, the.coltractor for some. rsseg,s. and .ihad. idlden ovet the ground. with., the. Government, Engneer' for, the exprel'i' purpoke of having the road tkoen awy in. ~oither direnrion, and but tpr Qr' Knowlei the other' 7.00 would have Ieen,qbt.ained to. finh the road. lie lhad turnedl N~1 Ryle? ngaitishi'the road, which w,ap the. qnly one. that could he made with, the borrowed . touey. iHe would now withdra.~r the originaltl r~otion, which had not been secqdej4 and, vote lfor the amneudment. The mption was put, when only. the proposer and seconder voted- for it, the others., ,against.. : ' NERAI, BUSI,NEB8, SMovedl by. Cr Wightmnan, secopdediby C. 4llardycn--'That Mr Nolan. be paid the srii nf £3,;'10s towards -crossing at MdIaenzie"a.,' Flord::.on" condition that thin residept.. shabsprihe the reqpired bhalance.-Carried, ! Moved by Cr'Whjtelaw, seconded by Cai,. Wighltman-'T'hat in reply to lot'er from. the:.: Roads and Bridges Departmput in, reference, -tolaJnolisling. the ridings, the Secretary' bell instructed to,say that this.council will decide,. tiy.. resolution, the. number of councillors. r'qpired to form the council, but wishes, ro,. have an order to.the effect thatSall councillors..) go.oiut of. offipe iin August nex.t.-Rejpo edu,;-J The. sumn. of. £5, was passed t' Mr, A Nicholson for repairs. to culvert and; road at:': Darling fotl d. E, Day's tender. for-£10, for, rupking tjme.. I?lour Mill road was accep'ed;, also Starling'sa , tender ai £?0, for crossing near. Webb's I frrmn. . 8la4ighstering licenses were. graps;d, to. -?I lavis.nmid Kplly and Dunn, The. bush-fire season hias set in." Oat Sunday. last a large volume of smpke was'. obseroed at the back par,t of Mr M'tLenzie'si iun. A party went out and fpund abour a, nile.of the boundary fence destroyed,bhtswpen, Mr M'Kenzie's and. Mrs Bou's. runs. Afteria considleiable exertion the fire was got under,.- ~but it may break out agiin. with, the. leastf breeze of wind, Every. caution should, be. use, . from, this time out till thp hot wgathr , is over. 'l'he grass. is dry ani abuhdait;: asl st'rong breeze of wind. andl,a,hpt?day may in, a few hours do mnph damage ip this digtyigit. The Alexandra dramatic club, ara.alrsaety. busy preparing for tho. nex? prformaoce, which will tike pljita ip ai fortnight. T'?.q petite comedy of " Winning Hpzard, --a con. cert, with fresh talent, and a sparklinhg,bs-_ lesque will constituteo the programntne. A meoting of the members of tho.Alexana. dra cricket club will be field at'thp Corner,. hotel on lMonday, 7th inst., at eighb o'olook. Members are. particularly requested"to;: attend. The Ballarat. Star reports. a livel?, epiiie. at the Corner on Friday. A broker sold a Winter's Freehold shire, and the buyer paoi s? with a cheque, which for some coupe ,g o.ther. the bank did not.honour, ''hhe broker there upon sought his vendi.c, got hirn, intohis.: oflipo; locked hlinm In, anl barred tl. window:' on the outside with a borbomsipk, the galfr.':, going out to take counq l, as to ilrther ir;r, ceedings, A, dipplay ,of the "noble srt'hi seemend to be decided on as the besit :way :oft "toking it out" of the prisoner,, and th,??e broker went anrd told his client that h1g9p WQgl " take it out" ifithe.money were:notit.Jd. The prisnier at once turned the ntables on tbq gnolor, and with as athletl, motion ifrom? thd, shoulder, immediately made raw beefsteast t: desirable application to oneO the broker's eyes. the emphasis of the blow being bhighaeoed, by some forcible remarks upon *the indignit~.:, of being made a plisoner. ' '[lho batili rs'ged:' hor, and the Corner adiourned to seeo the'fuhi': which overflowed the bloker's ofi3le, and brwt,; , out in the half of the Excohange.i. :T~hewife, of the morq successful pugtlist appearedoun.thb scone, and, while blow and blood worgo fying: about, she fastened upon tlheo liroker, but 's man wholiked fair play hiustledoffthu devrotd) wife to ai corner, and tlle 'duol.we t on. SHappily the wife was armed with money .,a well as devotioo, the balance due bn the ahlr& was paid, and so the affair ended. ' The Treasurer of the Alexandra Hospital, acknowledges the receipt of £2 2s. fiom Mr G. C. Linney, and "i? la.. fron, M 3 * M. Anthony. " 'Iho Masonic ball is- announce.d to-il place pa the, 8th Marc. .. ,. , :? , · 