INSPECTION OF MINES. Our correspondent " Working Miner," in a' letter published by us yesterday, drew atten tion to a matter of considerable importance, to the community of operatives _ to which lie belongs. It was to ensure the- general safety i of this hard-woi'kirig body of'nieii' tlffifthe Regulation AiidilnspectioniofJ- ilines^Bill'wakt framed and passed. , Itisonly nattu'aljthen, that 0110 of their'nnmbW'wW'lias'the ability intelligibly to state'1 a, • Case - fend' expose a grievance should bring forward a pomplaiht' of .a laxity, in the ;ftdiiiiiiistration of tliat statute. In making his statements, to which we feel sure he would not commit himself without sufficient foundation, lie shows that a state of things exists which must not be allowed to continue. He asserts that the' inspection of the mines of this district is very imperfect, and implies that the inspector does not attend to his duties as he ought to do. We arc not surprised at this state-, nieut, for, as we have said before, the work of inspection is very heavy, and we beliovo it to he most desirable that it should not be left inftlie hands of one man. Of course, it is highly necessary that the mines should be ocbasionally visited and examined by a com petent official, but it is questionable whether any person, however well fitted for the task, and however active and energetic, can effi ciently discharge such duties 011 so wide a lield single-handed. Wo are not inclined, then, so much to blamo Air. Nicholas as the miners themselves, for neglect ing to represent to the Mining Depart, ment that the provisions of the Act with regard to inspection are insufficiently carried out. Now that the statement has been publicly made by a person who, although I10 writes under an anonym, has been well known to us for a considerable period, and may be thoroughly trusted, an official inquiry should be made into the matter, and if the inspector really requires assistance it ought not, in justice to the miners and himself, to be withheld from him. But " Working Miner " implies the more serious charge against the inspector of neglect of duty in failing to visit the mines in which accidents have occurred. Certainly our cor respondent seems to speak 011 this point rather from hearsay than from personal knowledge, for he says he " has reason to believe " that such visits were not made. We must understand him to intend to say, we imagine, that the duty is neglected in some instances only, because the records of the coroner's court will show that Sir. Nicholas has given evidence there which he would have been incapable of submitting, had he not visited and examined the scenes of fatal accidents underground. But it will be necessary to make it clear whether any mining accidents are reported to the inspec tor without his visiting the claims in which they have occurred. Mr. Nicholas, for his own sake, is bound to take some notice- of the statement, which we think it probable he would be able to explain to the satisfaction of tho Ministor of Mines. If he is saddled with too much work, he should certainly say so at onco, and endeavor to prove to the department that the proper local administration of the Act and the in terests of the miners demand that ho should have help. SmxiniNo Caxmiutks.—A meeting of the Sandhurst Temperance Society was held last evening in the Temperance Hall, View-street, the object of which, we are informed, was to select a candidate oil whom should be' bestowed the advantage of the temperance vote at the lorthetiming I'arliamentary election. The repre sentatives of the press were not admitted, but it is stated that a resolution was Scried in'favor of a certain number of candidates, whose Wi'meli are withheld. Mlh'l.N'u Aitiuknt.—A peculiar accidi'.nfc oc curred in the claim of tli« tloUl<'i> Lion Tribute Company at about two o'clock yesterday 'moi'ii iuy |o two men 11:1111.'it — Mulligan and \\\ m. Rouse. The two men had started to bore a ilrill hole tin the bottom of one which h:nl been tired oil'011 the ni'eviiiu i Wednesday. Mulligan was turning tlw drill anl Ito-i".*' was striking. On the first blow an evplo.-iu,;! took place, which forced a lot of rod. between the two men. • Thi>y~-were-lit-<>nee removed to the hospital, where ii was found that House was Hollering from n5eoinpQuriil comminuted fracture of the [.right'log, two lacerated wounds 011 the left leg, anil5 contusions "of his right hand. M ulligau 1 was suffering from a compound fracture of the left! wist joint, a lacerated Wound ot the right Lfore'nrm, and some internal injuries. It is itfionght that some lithiifraetenr must have re mained !iu-the drill-hole, which ex|iloded when I .struck,'rcsnltiUiJ in the accident te» the two men. ! They are progressing favorably. ■ Tkkb PMXTISO.—The coiinoil are about to rc;cj>nuueiiue the planting of trees throughout tli'u city,-and the determination to adopt this means of beautifying the appearance of our streets1 will doubtless meet with the approval of £ho citizens in general. The work of tree-plant ing in the streets has probably been carried on , to a greater extent in. .Sandhurst than in any other city in the colony, and the improvement ■■his become 'so marked that persons who for merly Bti-enuoualy opposed-the expenditure now agree that thV step was a very judicious one, and are agitating for the Work to be carried on ^extensively. . At the meeting of tho council yesterday the town clerk .submitted a report showing the streets in which it ia considered desirable to plaiit tree's this season! This report will! be found in iexienso in our report of the council proceedings.. The report was not wholly adopted, as some councillors' expressed them .'selves as..being' dissatisfied with the way in which-tlite trees were recommended to be dis -trributed thronghotitthe city. Some councillors . went so far as to say that favoritism had boon shown 'to n particular part, and the matter is to be inquired into by the parks'committee. GrrY I'OLXCB' Co'u'ht.— There was a somewhat lengthy sitting of this court .yesterday, but 110 •business of any importance w;is transacted. The mayor, and Mr. J. Holdsworth, ,1.1'., presided. Joaiah'Prout' Was' charged with threatening to shoot one Margaret O'Grady, but as the prose 'eiitrix declined -to proceed with the ease the prisoner was discharged. John Anderson, charged with' threatening to knock the brains out of AniijKliza Woodgate.. The cause of the offence arose out of the possession of some furni ture; the plaiutill' is a widow, with whom the defendant cohabited. They had a disturbance, and defendant wished to remove some furniture from the house, which was objected to, and the • defendant then made use of the threatening language complained of. He win bound over in -his own recognisance of £10 to keep the peace I for six montlm. John Scanlan was lined Ills. ! for making use of indecent language, and a like I sum foi resisting tho police when arresting him. ' • Mrs. Pabst was line.l 2s. Gd. and 13s. costs for j using abusive language towards Mrs. March. I In the-case of C. lloss v. M. Ryan a verdict was given forJi'2 2s. 4d. and 2a., Gd. costs; and also | iiY the.ca9o.of.jl; Prior vy.T. .Dowall, £7 7s.,and Ss.'lidl'costs.'' Kvidenco'at unusual length was given;iu.a case of illegal detontion of property— J. M'flrath-y.^ J. !\Vilsou, but as there was a 0011 tradictioiof, evidence the case was dismissed.:j ' Iiraiiother case of J. M'Grath v. J, .Wilson,-for-j goods and money lent,- a verdictwas given for £A Is. 5d. ^Vrixoii V. ii'Lean) verdict;'for '£2 Itis. j 6d. and'Gs/ Gd.jcosts'. ' ' ' ''J: • ' ' ' ' Volunteer Examinations.—The result of the ; examinations for promotion in the Volunteer Force, held at the close of last year, lias now been promulgated, from'which we see •that! the following members of the Bendigo llilles havo passed the subaltern and non-coin missioned ojticers examinations;—F. H. Daniel and ^lffe&jOsJjaldestpn.l; ()Mr.jMX (j. .O'Brien,! . who had previously passed the non-connniss'ioned ollicer's examinations, has now passed as sub altern. Each of the above successful candidates occupies a high position~in~the~ order of "merit, particularly Mr. Daniel, who made the second highest number of marks of all the successful competitors.:/•'i• t Tub Royal Illusionists.'—'This company are "to.*,niako their first appearance at the Royal : Princess/Theatre this evening. The entertain-. jhient partakes 1 of the magical arid mysterious -order, and has been spoken of very favorably ■ by the colonial newspapers. I11 addition to a ,'number of other peculiar, performances, the -members of the troupe give a cabinet senna; )somewhat similar to,that given by the Daven port Brothers, the." difference boing that they perform in the light instead of insisting 011 darkness. A good house may bo expected this -evening. W 'A'■■!': if jWater you Sluicino.—There is every reason ito .believe that a large number of men could be profitably* employed.at the White Hills by sluicing the "''hWdiiiga" from the once exten sive and rich alluvial workings, but although the subject has often been spoken of, and co operative parties formed' to extract the gold re maining on the hills by moans of the sluice box, little, if anything, has been done in this way. The great drawback to the profitable working of tho hills has been said to be the want of a sufficient B'jpply of water. Attention having been called.to the question,recently, it will be as well for us to place the following information which we have received before tho public. The Spring Gully race passes along the sides of the hills, and as that reservoir is now well-filled, a .quantity of water," ranging frolu half- a-millioii' . to " three-quarters of a million gallons, can be spared daily for tho next six months. The rate charged for the water for sluicing pur poses] is 2d. 'per 1,000 gallons. With eueh a' splendid opportunity for miners as this affords, the hills should in a short space of time present scencs of activity. The Weather yastcrday in the forenoon and part of the afternoon was very pleasant, a cool breeze prevailing. Towards the evening, how ever, dark rainy- looking clouds began to as semble, and some fow showers lell, which had tho effect of cooling the atmosphere, but for only a short period, as the greater part of the night was close. At the time of our going to press there was every appearance of more rain falling. The thermometer registered in the shade at Messrs. Joseph anil Co.'s, l'all Mall, as follows:— 5) a.m., 73°;'noon; S0°; .'{ p.m., SS°; G p.m., 74°; maximum, 90"; minimum, 5'.)". Barometer a.in.,. 29*430; (j p.m., 2:KW0. ' Eaglkuawk Police CocniT.—At this court Isyesterday, before the Mayor and Messrs. Hay and Anderson, Js. P., James .Steele was j ro ceeded against by the Clerk of Petty Sessions, to show cause why his recognisance should not | be estreated. Defendant's counsel's was not in '.attendance, and the case was therefore ad j journed for a week. A boy, named William Smith, was charged with having damaged a fence belonging to Andrew Clcary, and thereby allowing cattle to get in upon the land. Mr. Crabbc appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Ellis for the defence. The offence was proved, the complainant having caught the boy in the act of pulling the fencc down, and a line of Gd. , with 2.'fs. (id. costs was inflicted. In the ease of E. Lugg v. W. Crawford, work and labor, £2 5j., a verdict for tho amount, with 03. costs, was returned. Tin; E.UiiTR Excamtjiknt.—The arrange ments for catering at the forthcoming Easter encampment havin" been left with the oflicers commanding battalions, Major Jo-.-eph called a meeting of the officers commanding corps in the "grey " battalion, at Castlemaine, last Wednes day, when the tender of .Mr. Gardner, the well known .Sandhurst caterer, was accepted for providing the incises of the .ofiicers, non-com missioned ofHcerj, and men of this battalion during the encampment. In connection with the preparations for the encampment it may be mentioned that Lieutenant Williams, travelling instructor, will shortly visit Sandhurst for the purpose of giving "black-board" instruction ilrill to the officers and non-commissioned officers of the Bendigo Rifles. Pi-IIUOATIONS Rkceived.—Wc beg to acknow ledge receipt of tho lirrt number of "The Teacher," which is described as "an educa tional journal and review." The object of the paper is, as its title would indicate, to uphold the interests of the scholastic profession. In the introductory leading article, the following remarks are made anent the Education Act:— " ' Ihc Education, 187'-,' will receive our cordial support. It requires but to be vigorously and judiciously administered to make it take rank amongst the most liberal and comprehensive education systems ot the present day. The country hns sanctioned the expenditure of an amount bordering upon the lavish, and it should be the desire of every Victorian to contribute towards making it a great success." Thojonrn.il, which is neatly got up, contains twelve pages of matter, which must be of the greatest interest to that numerous body which it represents. Wc also acknowledge receipt of the .Student s Primer, being an introduction to to tho Student's English Grammar, by C. H. Pears.on,, M.A., etc.; and II. A. Strong, M.A., etc. The work i3 commended to the Attention of teachers of the English language. We have also received from .Messrs. Bright Bros, and Co., the artistic calendar .issued by the well-lM-uvn lirm of Cowan and Co., of Edinburgh. Cor.oi' Races.—In our advertising columns appear the entries and weights for the difieruiit events to be contested on the loth March. Sandhurst Election'. — Mr. J. Gray, oaj of tho candidates for a seat in tho Legislative Assembly, to represent Sandhurst, will address the electors in St. James's Half, at eight o'clock, 011 Tuesday evening. MA.s'Ki'kANr; Election.—In our advertising columns appears a requisition, signed by over 500 electors of Ma'.idurang, to Mr. A. E. M-.i ire, asking him to allow to be nominated as a candidate, which he ha3 consented to do. ' We understand that a supplementary requisition will be published in a few days. An adjoiirued meeting of the committee of the Biiidigo Agricultural ' and Horticultural S-WSfr he- held this afternoon at two o'cloct:,. " ' ' Wv.su'.yan Local l'nr..veitKi:.-' Association Wo would again remind our readers that tlie anniversary uf the .Sandhurst, branch <.f this as-.ooiat.iaii' lakes placeto-morrow, when sermons will be preached in all tin; Wesleyan churches til tJie. dirfirict bv loon 1 preachers from other parts of the colony. ' t-'r-.m an announcement made in the several churches last Sund.iv, it' would aopear that only a portion of the collec tions to Ik- taken up will be devoted to the funds of the association, for although nine month* »jp> a full Sunday was give J, the last quarterly meeting, for smie reason, altered the ur raiigeuient to "one half." The public will, however, have ail opportunity; ot showing their sympathy with the association on Monday | evening, when a tea and public meeting will oe held, the entire proceeds of which will go to the contingent fund. • >. . . . ' • ' ' > Thk. Mi'tiV\tf.h Outran Pov.— I lit) sum ol £1' lis. has been handed to us for the benefit of the youth Thomas II. Smith, who lost both his bands through a reaping-ipuehiue at kilmore. The money wan collected solely by Master L. \W.iton, of the Boundary Hotel. St. James's Ham..—Stacey's Panorama was well patronised last evening, fully illustrating the interest taken in the artistic representations of Australian scenery, as pourtrayed on canvas 1»v tliu woll-kuo.vii scenic artist Mr. John i'ry. The miscellaneous entertainment was success ful, and highly appreciated. Miss Lillian 1-orde received well-merited applause lor her eflorts in the songs " Killarney," " Ksplanade, and the "Dutch FlowerGiil." which were rendered with good taste and expression, tu)ly sustaining her reputation as a pleasing ballad singer. Mr. Martin Forde, so well known in the colonies as tlio " Australian, Policeman,'' was, as usual, perfectly at home, and received his fair share of applause. Mr. Gordon acquitted himself with credit, as also Mr. Douglass, in each of their musical efforts. Mr. .Douglass delivered ^liis usual graphic lecture during the panorama. To day there will be an afternoon entertainment for the benetit of families, and the occasion should not be missed by parents to allord young Australia an opportunity of witnessing an en tertainment calculated to please and instruct. As an incentive to induce a good attendance, the management will give a prize to each child attending. To-night the charges all over the house will be at half the rates previously advertised. Sunday Trains.—At the meeting of tho City Council held yesterday afternoon, C'r. Holmes stated his intention of moving at the next meet ing that all the local governing bodies through out the colony be written to, asking their co operation in endeavoring to induce the Govern ment to run trains on Sundays. It was late in the afternoon when Or. Holmes mooted the question, and as two or three councillors ex pressed themselves as being adverse to rushing through amotion dealing with such an important subject, he consented to postpone it. Mkktisii ok \Yorkisu Men.—This evening, at eight o'clock, a public meeting of working men only will be held at the Sailors' Gully Hotel, to consider the Is. Gd. rate made by the Eagleliawk Borough Council. Religious Services.—A Gospel service will be held iu tho Masonic Hall to- morrow evening. In the Church of Christ, at the Temperance Hall, morning and evening services will be con ducted. Subject: "The Plant of Kenown." Bai.I. and Sl'l'i'Eit. —On the ltith instant an annual ball,and supper will be held in the Cainp Hotel, Huntly; dancing to commence at eight o'eloek. Some Snakes.—A correspondent of tlio liuth lmr.il free Pre.su, writing from O'Conuel under date 22nd nit., informs that journal that two little boys, named Newcombe and Henry Walker, the previous day amused themselves by digging up a snake's nest, and succeeded in killing 50 young snakes, nearly a font long, of different colors—same black, some brown, yel low, and striped. T'hey also counted 53 eggs, /several of which the boys broke, and young snakes came out. The boys made a lire and burned the eggs not broken. They did not see the old snakes while at the amusement of de spoiling the nest,- and were not disturbed. Thk Defences ok the Colony. — His Ex cellency the Governor (says the Art/u.i), has re ceived intimation that Sir William Jervois nvill leave Singapore on April 2 by the Torres Straits mail steamer. Colonel Scratchley will arrive here about the same time. Railway Arrangement*.-—1The ways of tho Railway department have long been looked upon as peculiar, but the arrangements for the issue of tickets from the country stations for the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting are certainly (remarks the Artjuti), very lemarkable. By the advertise ment, tickets at holiday excursion fares are to be issued by the first up-lraiu on the (itli, 8th and 10th inst., available for return up to tlie night of the 12th. Now, take a resident of Avoca who desired to see the race for the Aus tralian Cup. If he started from Avoca by the lirat tin-train on tho 8th, he could not have reached town until the race was over, but by the regulation he could not have started on hii journey the previous day without paying the full fare. The same may be said of visitors from Eehuca. Thk Meteor Downs Tragedy.—Concerning the tragedy at Meteor Downs, tho ftollestou correspondent of the Brisbane Courier, writing on February 17, supplios the following :—" A carpenter named Schilly, a German, has been working for some years on Messrs. ICelman's station, Meteor Downs, and was generally liked in the district. On the evening of Friday, the 9th inst., the weather being warm, this Schilly took his blankets and went and camped outside the hut, in close proximity to the workshop, the stables, and the Kanakas' quarters, and in open view of the station buildings. Nothing was heard or seen until next morning about day break, when the overseer, happening to pass the place where the man was sleeping, noticed a tomahawk lying on tho blanket covered over the ill-fated mail, and on further examination, discovered that the man's head was nearly severed from the body, and was only held by a piece of skill. The mail had had his head covered up, and the blanket had been cut through with the tomahawk. The poor fellow must have died instantly, as he was in a sleeping posture, and had not opened his eyes. The tomahawk had been left sticking in the neck, but had fallen out on to the blanket. The whole of the station hands were called, and one of the Kanakas was missing, who has since been captured, but does not seem to know anything about the diabolical deed.' The murder was done with the poor fel low's own tomahawk, which must have been very sharp. Information was sent into Spring sure, and the police magistrate, doctor, and police were soon on the spot, but no clue up to now has been found, and no suspicion as yet attaches to anyone." Election News.—The latest information con cerning the elections is that Mr. F. R. Godfrey is in the field for Kilmore and Anglesey. He has just returned from a tour through the con stituency, and at the request of a number of in fluential electors he oilers himself as a candi date. Mr. R. Murray Smith has formally an nounced his candidature for St. Kilda. Mr. Charles Wilson has intimated his intention of standing for North Melbourne. Mr. Duigau, barrister, is named as another candidate for Castlemainc. According to ihaBalUtrnt Courier, Mr. James M'Dowall intends to contest tho election for Ballarat West in the "Liberal" interest. Mr. J. P. Conway, in compliance with a requisition, is in the lield for Rodney. Professor I'eatson addressed a meeting of the electors of Iioroondara, in the Hawthorn Town hall on Thursday evening, and was accorded a tolerably fair hearing. Mr. lvnipetook thechair, and there were about liOD persons present. Tho candidate avowed himself in favor of a pro gressive land- tax. The question of free-trade and protection he considered dead and buried, and promised that if it should turn up in the new Parliament as an important question he would resign his trust, as he would not )u> re been elected on any views held on the subject. Though a freetrader, he saw no free-trade party to ally himself with. In his speech he said he was in favor of payment of members, but while being questioned some opposition to this view was ex pressed in the meeting, and he then stated that he would oppose payment of members, taking that to be the wish of tlio constituency. A vote of confidence in tho candidate having been proposed, an amendment was submitted to the elTect that his answers to questions showed him to be a trimmer, and that as trimming was re pugnant to the electors of Boroondara, he was not a fit and proper person, &e.; The vote of confidence was carried by about two to one, half of the meeting, however, not voting. A London Ghost Story.—The London papers tell a ghost story based on the death of Mr. George Smith, the Assyriologist. It is as fol lows : "Mr. Smith died at Aleppo on the 19th of August, at or about tho hour of six in the afternoon. On the same day and between three quarters of an hour and an hour later, a friend and fellow worker of Mr. SiVUth — Dr. Delitzeh —-was going to the house of a third person, the author of tlie account of the labors of the de parted scholar which appeared in tho Academy, in the course of his walk Dr. Delitzeh passed within a stone's throw of the house in which Mr. Smith lived when in London, and suddenly heard his own name uttered aloud iu a most piercing cry which thrilled him to the mar row. The fact impressed liim ;so' stroiigly that he looked at his watch'and noted the hour. Dr. Delitzeh, who strongly disavows any super stitious leanings, was ashamed to mention the circ.Hiistauco to his friend on reaching that gentleman's house, although on his return home he owns that his nervci-s apprehensions of some mournful event in his ovn family found relief in tears, and that he recorded all the facts in his note-book that s:.me night. Dr. Delitzeh told 1 the story oil the titli inst., at a friend's table, with all the circumstances mentioned above, in eluding the shrill cry. He distinctly denied having been thinking of Mr. Georgu Smith at the time. : 'Mr. ;J; P. Conway, of Corop, has announced his intention of 'contesting the Rodney electo rate, ' -Tic: Tub Buxahat Uo<i'ir.u. roi.MVTP):. investigation into tlie accounts ot the late nos- I nit-a collector. Mr. Frank Whesler, dwelled the fact tlilit ho had kept hn account* and "iven receipts in a most irregular nuumei, as I many .n 20 blocks in .1 receipt-book of 50 being marked "cancelled." . In one h;>ok there were l}',\ consecutive blocks all markka " o:in«'«Iui(l : that he hud retained sums of money 111 Jus pew sc^atou lor uiontbu after tlio «late ut which these »houUl have been.paid to the treasurer: that be haJ kept u receipt-book for Chinese subscriptions which uo never produced to the auditors: .and,-. though ft statement, of tlie amount of these subscription* wits set forth, the money bad neither been paid over nor entered in bin eash-book, the reason assigned for not doing so being that he had been i-eqiiMt«d, in a letter dated 30th December last, by a Chinaman of the nmno of "William Chinncy, to retain the money. The existence of.a small pass-book, in which the hospital secretary. entered all moneys paid tohiin, and to which entiles he ob tained Mr. Wheeler's initials 011 paying the amounts over to him, was the principal d;iinii:» tory evidence, and strange to say it wan never laid before tlio auditors.' The' .secretary, Mr. Burrowes, had kept it as a priyatu record for hia own protection in case of mistaken, but he never thought of attending to it in any way until the alarm about Wheeler's position was roused. lie told the committee on Wed nejday night that he deeply regretted his position, but had 110 excuse to oiler. The committee ' knew that "his expenses in collecting were greater than tlie amount allowed him would cover; and outside lie lias . stated that the deficiencies, tor which he says he cannot aeeouut, are the result of an-inadequate remuneration ; but the committee view the matter iu a very different light. TJic House Committee has been directed to recommend im provements in the ,present financial .system, one of which, from what trans; ired on Wednesday uight, will doubtless be thatthepreseutseeretary, Air. Burrowes, an old and faithful, but still ener getic and most competent o/licer, should amalga mate hia office with that of colloctor; and that a smart intelligent youth should be employed to do the clerical work, by which meatus something like £150 a year would be saved to the institu tion.—jdryiui. Ixookmuible Tiumn't.s.—Habits of discipline, submission, and obedience in children used to be enforced by the free use of tlie birch and tlie eaue. Our more humane notions forbid the con tinued adoption of this plan, ami for .some time au educational difficulty has been to lind an adequate punishment in place of it. The London School Board believe they have found it in the scheme pursued in Hamburg ami else where in Germany. For the vicious or semi criminal boys, the ordinary industrial schools, are already provided. But there are what may be described as the simply wilful Jjoys. By playing tlie truant they suojeet their parents to the risk of a line. Poor parents, especially widows, are thus exposed to such difficulties that magistrates have continually expressed a wish to have it in their power to correct the child in stead of fining the parent. If the recommen dation of the school board be adopted by the' Home Secretary, they will in future be able to do so. It is proposed to establish a " l'linish meut School," the discipline of which consists mainly in the enforcement of silence " except in the recitations of lessons or iu answer to mas ters." Conversation between the boys is abso lutely prohibited in the day-rooms, e.toreise grouiul, or dormitories. If a parent, 011 being summoned for an infraction of the compulsory by-laws, pleads his inability to compel his child's attendance, he will be asked if he is will ing to send his sou to the " I'unishmelitSehool." If lie should consent, he has to make joint ap plication with the board to a magistrate's court to send the boy to the school. If he declines, the case will be brought in the ordinary course be foro the magistrate, and the tine enforced. There was considerable dissension at tlie board 011' the subject, a noteworthy fact being that the ladies wlio spoke were divided iu opinion, but in the end it vviw decided, by an overwhelm ing majority, that a letter be addressed to the Home Secretary in accordance with the recom mendation of the report. So long as the dis cipline is judiciously and considerately enforced, as it is in Germany, we see 110 reason why it should not be attempted in Kugland. It is cer tainly superior to the arbitrary Hogging now 111 /licted by parents on incorrigible truants.— Wc'kltl Dispatch. Thk K.u'kuoilsk Lkon.—Wo (SI. Arnnuil Mtrrurtt) regret to have to record, the death of one of the best stud horses ill the district—Mr. Thomas Sanderson's Leon, winner of the Maiden Plate at the last autumn meeting of the V. U.C. The horse was out exercising, when he suddenly dropped dead. Leon is not only a heavy loss to his spirited and sportsmanlike owner, but tlio district also, as he was a grandly bred animal. Canals.—You mentioned iu one of your late numbers (writes the Heywood correspondent of the Hamilton Uprctator), that Ballarat is taking up the question of canals. When one rellccts ou the matter, and remembers that this is a land subject to droughts, it is a wonder that Government don't take the matter up. The fact is that some of the departments are so narrow-minded as to keep everything to them selves, and so fearful of anything like new blood being introduced, which might curtail their own private advantages, that they at once throw cold water 011 anything that does not immediately accrue to their own private interests. Why, the halt-civilised nations of old had more common-sense than the Victorians of the present day. Look at Kgypt, Assyria, India, and China—the vast tanks (lakes we might call them) that are now in existence, giving life and food to millions. Kven the many water-tanks that are in decay, but which the Governments of the above countries are now renovating, will cause the land to How with " milk and honey," and yet the narrow-minded politicians of Victoria refuse to do anything in a matter which affects the very existence or non existence of n third of the area of the colony. The squatters, selectors, fanners—aye, every one—should adopt "water- supply" as the watchword, and then the "land would yield her increase," crops would pay, ilocks and herds would cease dying by hundreds, bush-fires would rarely occur, and a sturdy yeoinaury would spread over the laud. * The yeomanry lias ren dered England wiiat she is at the present day, for without a middle-class population 110 country can prosper. How to Trap Kanoauoos.—Tlie ravages of the marsupials 011 stations during the dry weather often cause great loss to the owners, particularly in seasons of great dryness, and consequent scarcity of grass. A simple and effectual method of trapping them has (says the II'ci'jija Exprtws) been carried out with great success by -Mr. itell'ernan, of Sebastopol. A pit of S feet square by 5 feet deep is dug by the aide of a fence, the front and two sides of the pit being enclosed by logs, which are covered with brush to the height of 2 feet 6 inches. Beyond the pit are extended wires to the height of 7 feet. A wing stretches from the pit for a distance of about oOO yards, the other wing being formed by the fence above referred to. The kangaroos are driven between the wings and naturally take the low fence, and being unable to see the wires beyond, they fancy they have thus escaped. Those who elude the pit arc brought up by the wire, and in this manner fall an easy prey to their pursuers. As may be readily conceived, the expense is trilling, the pit having been sunk and wings erected atVery small cost. As an in dication of the efficiency of the scheme, it may be stated that 011 Saturday last Mr. Heil'ernan, with ten mounted men, drove sixty-six kan garoos into the snare—this being the first attempt. They were unassisted by dogs, and we hear that since no fewer than 353 have been destroyed by the same means, there being 110 greater difficulty in securing the last lot than the first. Supposing kangaroo skins to bj worth Is. (id. each, the process might be made doubly profitable—iu the first instance ridding a run of a very serious pest, and in the second making a profit out of the animals.' It would lie worth the while of any squatter who is troubled with kangaroos to try this plan, instead of the ordinary method of trapping. W itEcu oy a Bauquk.—The barque Peony, from Newcastle, with coals, sprung a leak and went ashore 011 Wednesday four miles south of Richmond Heads. The captain and four men were drowned. The captain s wife and live men wcr* saved. The vessel has broken up. As-OTin'.R Discovery ix Tei.k<»ii.u-hy.—'The Paris correspondent of the 'London Stainlnnl writes:—"It has often been said that the science of telegraphy is as yet only in its in fancy. \\\ hat it will be when it reaches the a2e immaturity it would be difficult to say with cer tainty, but some idea may be formed from au extraordinary telegraphic discovery just made in Paris. It appears that some inventor has found out the means of sending portraits by telegraph. The vioilut opa\im(i has not yet been disclosed, but experiments have been made and—if we are to believe the papers—with complete success. The trial was made by the police authorities of Paris and Lyons. The portrait of a Lyons official was forwarded from Paris by the new telegraphic apparatus; and was at once recognised. In return'the Lyons police telegraphed to Paris the portrait, accom panied by the usual 'description, of a clerk who had just absconded with his master's money, and the Paris police, thanks to the telegraphic portrait, -\Vere enabled to arrest the thief 011 his alighting from the train at the Lyons railway sUtion. The facts are published on the best authority, and, inerediJjle as they may seem, are no doubt authentic. .So far, tb'o ingenious discovery is only being employed for the detec tion of criminals; but it is evident that the police authorities will not be able to monopolise it, and that it will be turned to account by society at large under the various trying circum stances of life, and more especially in the cases of' deserted wives ami husbands; missing heirs, disconsolate "Jovors, arid similar' interesting beings. ■' ■ • "1 