Tlit VINtEYRDS.-Tho vine geneorally in tho neoighborhood of Albury oar in a more forward con dition than is usual at this time of year. and tho show of fruit is fully up to the average. Up to lost weeol no trnoe of oidium had bonn noticed no far on we have boon able to ancnrlain; but at the boeginoning of the present wook symptoms of the disoase wero observod in one or two vinoyarde, and it is quite pro bablt that it wil! sprold rapidly if the sulphur treat meont be not promptly adopted. The varietios affooted no far, we undoretand, are the Burgundy, Roiling, and Aueurot. In all casa where the oidium was found the whole of the vineyard was sulphured at once; but the weather in the early part of the week was unfavorable to theo uceOsc of the process, which will therofore most likeoly have to be ropeated. Alhury Danoer. COLONIAL BILLIAtID TABLE. - MIstrB. Alo0ok and Co., billiardl-table mnulfoturers of Melbourne, have just completed for the approaching exhibition in Palri a French carambolo billiard-table, which is n very fine pieoo of workmanship. The woodwork and carving are intended to illustrate the ngrioultural and horticultural products of Australia. The logs, which tre of ondar, are covered with clustern of grapy-vines. On each side of the table in a shield carvod in tHuon pine, one bealring the Australian coat of arms ant the o0hr the address of the muleors. At eich end aur conchashelleo onitinling care of wheat and illustrations of other atoplo products of the coun try. Arounndand under the oushions on the panole of the table ire ropes carved in Huon pine. The groundwork of the talde is beautifully grained blaokwood, tastefully picked out with Huon pino, the whole being done in a highly- finibhed and effootivo manneor.-Molhourne Arcue. Tirtn LEeSON OP TIIo INDIAN FAt?tINE.-Theo following letter from Mr. Smuel W\ilson appears in the ilelbournte Arqgu:-Sir,--Smarting under a aonse of the ijustice which a few of the landowners in the country havu to complain of in the imposition by the logifluturo of an oppressive tar. levied by the government on a few for the benefit of the rest of the community, I at fit fire felt inclined to button up my pocklet and let those subscribe to ouch objecto as the Indian fatmino relief fund who had not to complain of this iniquitous impost. But the feaurful distress no graphically pourtrayed in the photographs which havo boon tint from India are irresistible in their mute appeale, and I bog to hand you a cheque for one hundred pounds towards the object referred to. MIr. Murray, the wife of the Mayer of Hamilton, noer Newaostlo, has boen Itklld by the fill of a tree. I-reel E lwardc, an old sailor who fought under Nelson at Trafalgar, has died ait Brighton, near Mel bourne. It is said that he was a hundred and six yeors of goe. It is the practice rt Elmoro in Victoria to hold the children's closses in the open air during summer. Tho oonuting etonmtrs have hoon delayed along the Victorian counrt owing to a helavy galt. Tho Mairyborough and Oympi (Quooeenland) rail way is about being commenced. The united Aletralian crickelter are to play in Brisbann on the Princu of Wales' Birthday and two following days. A shock of an earthquake has been felt at Victoria Plains, Western Australia. Brisbane is full of smoke from the prevalent bush- fires. A man nwas curotted on Saturday night at St. Kildi, neaor Melbourne. The Assam had Ia fearful pnsasgo from Mohlbourno to Adeluido, losing the liltrboat and twenty-two ohieep. Snlow foel in Orange on Saturday lust. Three doathe have occurred from what in called English cholera of persons residing at or near Now castle. In Victoria the queoostion in being mooted of n customs union betw?un the Australian colonies. Tl'hree hundred and forty blous of wool arrived in Sydney on Tuoeday fromt Cootmlnundrs. The Quooneslad parliament tnla prorogued on Tuesday. It has born decided ly ni large majority of mombeor to open the moohanica' institute at Wugga on Sunlday aftrnoones rom two to 0ix o'clock. A brunch of the A. J. S. ankl has bon opeoned at Urann. I Mr. Alexander MIunro han given a thousand guineaot0 the l3ingleton hcupitah Sir Hercules Robinson and family attended ooervico at St. Potor's Church, Melbourno, when Archdeacon Stretch eoverolv connured governors and poroone of high position e ountenanoing heoracracing.-Tolegram to Yase Courier. Boucho, a well-known vocalist, has been arrested at Adelaide in connexion with the alleged strango death of a young woman. It in noecrted that his ill treatment occasioned fatal confinemout and still-born child. A cousin of the doeaoed teotifleo to the ill-treatment.-Teloeram to Yano Courier. Two very juvenile mateour boebrangoro (nayn the Ballarat correepondent of the Argus) weore placed boeoro the bench at the town police court on Thursday. T'heir names were John Tiorney, aged fiftoen years, end John Oummins, crged eighteen years, and they wereo charged with ansnalting and robbing a boy about their own ago of 6d., one shangthi, and two leaden bullots, in value, Is. The evidenco showed that the two boys had, having previously robbed another boy of a pocket-knife, attacked the prosecutor, H.-J. MoMannery, in a small paddock off Victoria strooeet, and that Cummins, who, though no young, had been previously convicted of houo-. breaking, ordered him to bail up, and said ho would out his - hand off if he didn't give up oil he had in his pocketto-and took the articles enumerated. Tierney urged no an excuse for being mixed up in the matter that he hod been engargod to looht ofter the paddock by the owner, and to Ioonp boyt out of it, and he was lot off with a caution. Oummino was son fenced to thren years to the reformatory. IMPOUNDED AT BURIROWA, on 3rd November, from Summer Hill; sum duo eot after each animal: Brown more, W and blotch brand like x near shoul deor, broken, nged, 14) hands; brown foal at foot £1 13/; brown mare, B over 4 or A near hboulder, near fore foot white, small star, broken, 6 years, 15) hands-£1 2/; blaote colt. B near shoulder-£1 2/. \- On same date, from Boverley :-Blaok filly, t off shoulder, L ncer thigh, off fore and off hind foot whiter, star and snip-15/i brown filly, AR near ehoulder-15/; blarn filly, name brand, top off off oar-15/. To be eold 29th November. IMrPOUNDED AT ARALUor, on 23rd October, from Upper Araluen; sum due at dito of notice, 1G/ ceoh:--Reed bullock, like t?MH off rump, blotch brands, 2 years; rod and white spotted bullock, JD over A off aide, 3 yearn; red and white bullock, JJ over 5 blotolcod off rump, oar marked, 2 years. To be sold on 15,h November. IIt'OUNDeD AT a IURnUooBURRAHn , on 8th October, from Spring Oreelk:-Brown merro, JR over WR over 5 near ahoulder, broken. To be cold on 22nd November. IMPOUNDED AT ROILLEry, on 29th October, from Brownlot ; num duo ait date of notice, 910 :--Black mere. like DH over WPd-e (WP upoido down) near oshnlder, hroken-in, star, aged, 14 hands. To be cold on 22nd November. IMPOrUNDED AT ELRINOTON, on 31st October, from Jomicurmheno; um due at date of notico eot after oaoh anoimal:-Bay entire, whito faoe, hind foot white, Q N near shoulder, 2 yeoars-£5 6/6; d rkl bay filly, black pointo, star, no brand vieiblo-6/6. To be cold on 22nd November. IPtroUNDroD AT OARCOnt, on 29th October, from Dirty Oroeek; sum due at date of notice, £5 12/: Bay entire, star, mark lilto illegible brands bohath .houlders, 2 years, 13 hands. To be cold on 22nd November. IMPOUNDED AT Boltt, on 3rd November, from Lakto Bathurst; sum duo-8/ :-Bay horse, white stripe in fater, hind foot white, broken-in, caddle marked, pulled tail, like 91A oorjoined or MIR con joined neor shoulder, aged. To be sold on 22nd No veomher I~TPOUNDED AT MOSYVALe, on 3rd November, from Kngalooni; sum du snot after anch nnimal:--Red and white heifor, e ooer H off rump, 18 months -6/6; red and whbio heifer, DO near rump, 18 montho--2/11; rod and white heifer, W over c off remp, 18 rmonth --2/ll; rod and white heifer, litke Soveor 3 near rump, 18 montho-2/11. To be scol 29 h November. IMPrroNDED AT MARENGO, on 27th October, from ,Iorengo Flat; sum duo not after each animal: Bllck or brown mare, LB near shoulder, otar, brohten-10/6. -On lit November, from Bolowla: -BDiacl or brown colt, IDB off shoulder, hind foot while, star-6/6. To be sold 22nd November. IMPOUNDED AT BnnRRANONO, on 26th October, from Backl Oorakr :-Brown horse, ID over 2 near shoulder, bald face, brolken, aged, 15 hando.-On 290tn October, from tMoppotty Orole:-Blaolc horse, M2W over 2 near bshoulder, off hind fetlook white, ring-bone noer fore foot, star, aged, 15 hands. To be sold 22nd November. IMrPOUNDED A T ?OctKLY, on 61b November, from Swnllow'a Ncst; sum due, 7/4:-Brindle and white bullock, HH off rump, broken, rather otaggy horns, no other visible brand; notice cent to supposed owner. To be sold on 29th November. IMPOUNDrED AT ReID ' FLAT, on 2nd November, from Alta Villa; sum due, 12/6:-Gray muro, P2 near shoulder, WgH off ehoulder, whip-marked on near hind leg, brokeno, agod 15? hands. To be sold on 29th November. IMPOUNDED AT GRADCEN GC.LLEN, on 3rd Novem bor, from Wheos; sum duoe, 7/- oach:-Gray entire colt, star and stripo, blotched brand lilt MR off shoulder, 2 years, 14 hands; flfa-bitten gray more, liko 0 roeverod over AI near shoulder, block logo, aged, 16 bands; flea-bitten gray pony mare, blotchod brand hkio Iii over JO near shoulder, illegible brand off shoulder, 5 years, 14 hando; chentnut maro, small star, J Ot near ehoulder, aged, 16 hands. To be sold on 22nd November. EMINENT CLECRGYMIEN, DISTINGUISHIED PHTYSICIANS, CILEBUATED COIItSTIST, concur in verifying what the public long since discovered to be truoi namoly, that as a remedy for general prostlration, local woeak ness or irregularity, chronic despondenoy, and noa doefence against complaints which procoed from in activity or woaknoess of tbo digestivo, urinoary, or excretory organs, the rentorative unon which most reliance can be placed in Udolpho Wolfo's Schiedam Aromatic Shbnupps.-ADtvT. SWITZercLAND'S FA1tAOU RSTonIATIVe. - To the deloghtful apporisor end otomoebio known for con turine on the "Dow of the Alps," the whole popula taion of Swilzerland, the hardy hunters of that rugged region, snoribo their oexemption from the dio ou conosequooent upon exposure, and the impunity with which they endure privation and fatigue. That sterling and reliable firm, Messro. M. MIoon and Co., weore the first to spread the fame of this oxquisite cordial beyond the limits of Europe, and they are now, we belioeveo, the solo agents of the manufaoturors, Breslin, Biiochoff, and Co., of Genova. The popularity of the great Holvetian tonic in the United States, especially in Ctlifornia, is immonse; and its bone ficial offects in Australia have boon ouch as to create an absolute furoro for the urticle in the mining dis tricts.- ADVT. "'HEAVY DAMhGES."-Nothing can oomponsnto for a net of aeroyod or discolored tooeeth, bhich will mar the beauty of the loveliest faoo, thorofore use RowLANDS' ODONTo, which preserves the tooth from decay and impprts to them a pearly whiteness,nard to the breath a sweoot fragrance. IRowLeDn' EvUoret- is a now and fragrant Toilot Powder specially rcommended to Ladies. Sold byobomiote, druglists, and stores. Ank for Rowlrnds' artiiles, and takeo none but Rowlando', with their oignature in rod ink on the wrappors. Wholosalo Agento, ELLOTT Bs03., Sydney. 1661 