APPLIrAToOfSFon LAND.- The following 'applications lihve been aplproved:-Leases under'See. 29 .-D.?Handfoir, Pyalo;ng; M. M'Lennan, Moormbool ; J; Kennedy, Bayn. ton; Leases under Sec: 19;-J.' Smith, Too. borano, ALTERATION IN DAY OP PUBLICATION. Christmas and Boxing Day this year, falling on Tuesday and Wednesday, we have de. cided oh publishing bor .next.is"ue on' Mon. day evening instead of Thursday. In order to ensure insertion, therefore, advertisement intended for next week's paper must be left at our office not later.than Stiturday evening. MniR C, E. JJOIES-.-WO were shown:a latter on Tuesday (says, the .Balleral Courier) which was received 'by 'tlie lst mail' fromt Mr; O."E. Jones, who, at the time of writing was 'well, and living in Ohicago. He jocularly inquires':whether' he has still as many enemies in Victoria as formerly, and wishes to assure his friende'that he is well, and that the various rumours regarding his deats, are; unfounded. ; He hppes :to visit Victoria again1 which he describes as his bhome, : CaroosrT.--Ata'meting:of the tnatch com maittee of the. Heathcote Cricket Club, held on ThursdAy evenitiglast, it was decided not to accept ,the challenga pt the' Mereantile, Club, Melbourne, to play at Heathcote on Boxing, Da-y owing to.it being almost impos sible to raise a team. for. that day, and, the Secretary was instructed' to inform the Secretary of' the Mercantile Club that the Heathcoteý Club "would be willing. to play them oin somefutsre occasion. At to. sasme meeting it was decided to challenge. thei Costerfleld olhib forNew 'Yedrs Day' THE AeoPROPIATION' BILL.-To. R4egiss lative Council (sayathe .Dails Telegraph of Friday) sat for a quarter of an houryesterday afternoon; The Appropriations Bill was readi.fir t tilje, mhndIrMt. Cithbort moved that the second reading be nada olnprdr of the day fori Wednesday next This led to is short debate, Mr. Campbell and Sir Samuel Wilson expressing the opinion. that,' in view of the important effect tlihe action. of, the Council in, dealing with the bill would: have. on the futureeof the colony, the second read. isg oshoult be postponed,- until Thursday. Mr. Cuthlert, however, piessed his motion, and it was agreed to. Swindlers are lsxrticularly actirv.jusor now. attempting to palm offupon the publiccertain imitation., counterfeits and bogus iro :fortations purporting to be identical with or as good as" a staundard medicinal heverage long and favorably known to the people of Australin. The article ought to be initated is the famous UDOLPHO WOLrm's SCHIEDAMI ArOMArTIC SCIIS.\PPS. Ask for and take none but the gcrnine article.-[ADnvr. SPORnT AT TUIE IEN NiiLvs.--Mr. J. Uawkridge announces that the Annual New Year's Day Sports will take place at the above Hotel on the 1st January next, when prizes will be given for footracing and other athletic contests, &o.; 'The day's amusement, as usual, is to be wound up with a ball in the evening.] See programme in another column. EL.aorIoN PETrrioN.-In consequence of the impossibility to form a quorum of the Elections and Qualifications Committee, through the refusal of some of the members to take any further part in its proceedings and the absence of one member in Sydncey, vwe learn from the Melbourne papers that Mr. Mason has been obliged to withdraw his petition against Dr. Macartney,. MOUNT IDA R.Ce:s-Acn attractive pro. gramme ofesports including horse and foot racing &o.;, to take place on the Heathcote Bets course on Boxing Day, is published in posters and our advertising, columns. The sports are got up by Mr. T. M'Cormaok of the Mount Ida Hotel, who has engaged the Town Hall for dancing in the evening. There will also he dancing at the hotel, had. prizes given at both places to successfulcompetitors in various dances. CIOalAsTnsA TaREe &c.-A; sale of gifts and Christuais Tree in connection with the United Methodist Free Church, is to be held at the Town?Hall on Mosnday' evening next Christmas eve. The drawing for the Christ mas tree.commences at 7 p.m., the number of'prizes being 300. It is also announced that:contributions for the above will be gratefully received. Further particulars will be found in. advertisement and' bills, ROBBERY.-.On. Thursday night lost the kitchen of' Mr. Keogh's Globe lgtel was visited by some-light fingered individual or, individuals, and two, dresses. ari other articles of wearing apparel' abstraited from the.day's washing which was left there. An qntrance was effected through. the fence, two or.three pRlings having been, knocked out for the purpose, We understand that as yet up clue has been obtained as to the thief or thieves.. TH? PRosPEOrINo. VOa--From, the "Daily Talegraph" we learn that the prospect. ing vote was agreed to in the Appropriation Bill last week, after a very emphatic as. surange from Mr. Berry that not a. £ of it should.bespent till he. himself, as, well as his colleagues, saw a prospect of a truly national return for the expenditure. If this be adhered to, the. £20,000 will certainly appear amongst the unexpended. votes in July next, TlaE W ANGoA RusH.-We take the fol. lowing from.the Waranga Chronicle :-"ithe rush at Warsnga, although not making any stir at present, ig still:tsrning out some very good yields. Last week we heard of one party who received £2U as his share in the washing up. There has been a rush to some ground at the bottom: of Nuggetty Gully, and although nothing extensive. has been opened up, still some good patches have been come upon,. One miner is said to have nug. gettedout a couple of pieces weighing about anounce each, and other claimuns are said to. be paying well." MAsoimo BASQUEr AND PRESENTATION To-Mr, H; T. JAMES.--Mr. $1 T. James, who for upwards of 17 years has been a most enthusiastic ani; zealous member of the Heatbcote Masonic Lodge, being about to leave the district, was made the subject of a banquet and prssentation.at themasonie Hall on Friday evening the7th inst. The attendance. was very numerous, and included- members of the.oraft from:..many miles around, who were not members of the-Heathcote Lodge._ The-chair was occupied by-Mr. Sherson, the W;.M., and the Vice. Chair by Mr..D, T" Manson, S. WV After the health of Her Majesty the Queen, and that of the Prince of" Wales, as Grand Master of Freemasons un-. der the English Constitution, had been drunk with Masonic honors,the WV; H. (Mr. Sherson) proposed the health of the guest, coupled' with the name.of Mers: James,. in a neat and well choseon speech, expressive of the high esteem with which Mr, Jamaes was heldhby the members ofthbe craft. He had proved'; himself' a thorough enthusiast in Freemasonry, and hads worked' energetically for- the. advancements of the Heatheote Lodge. Personally he had derived much knowledge from Mr. James , and from what he the (speaker) could learn.Mr. James had ever been ready and' willing to impart his 'knowledge to those brethren who desired information' He would leave behind' him many;' evidences of his worth, and while.; every brother would deeply- regret' his loss he was quite sure that all would wish himn succoss in his new undertaking. The Wi H; then, in a few, well chosen words, presented' Mr. James with a very handsome gold locket, bearing a Masonic device emble. matical of'his rank in the-craft. During his. remarks the W, .. congratulated Mr. James on. the many Masonic honors he had won, and hoped he would. live to win many. more. After the toast had been drunk with musical honors, Mr.. James, who upon 'rising was greeted. with such a round of heartyapplause that must have been very gratifying to him asknowledged the compliment, which ha assured them was quite unexpected, for he. had already--on two former occasions-been. the recipient of' two handsome Masonic jewels. by the members of the Heath. cote 'Lodge. ` It mwis true he was an enthusiast in ' the cause, but it was because he liked it andbelieved in it, in fact he believed Freemasonry to be based upon the noblest and'purest principles of pbilaun. trophy under the sun. With one exception he was the oldest member in the lodge having joined in 18110--and from the day of' his initiation he had made Freemasonry a study, and the more he knew of it the more he liked it. He asnsured bhose present that ha should always look back with pride and pleasure at the happy associations which sur rounded him in his mother lodge. lie heartily thanked the brethren for the hand some present they had just made him, and also for the very flatterinSg encomiums showered upon him sy the chairmnan, as well as for the honor they had done him by coupling the name of his wife in the 'oast. lie assured theius that the proceedings of that evening would always obe fresh in his meunpry. He then proposed "prosperity to theHeathcote Lodge, coupled with the name of the W:M'," to which R'. Shecrson respons ded in suitable terms. During the orevening some songs were.exseedinglys well renlercd by Messrs. Tymmsi, Jatnues, lIogers, Begg and MOornmack, and altogether a most enjoyable eveningwass spenit. The l.cket, which was oval shaped and about the size of half a hen's egg, cut long way's, bore upon oie sids the following inscription "Presented to lBro. It. T. Jameis, I'.H. by the miembers of the Ieathlcote Lodge,Dl)cc. 7thl 1877" ; upon tihe other side wacs a very neatly executed Masoni devrice, the whole reflocting the greatst credit upion the aanufaecturerst Messrs. Joseph Powell and Co., Melbourse. The lpurveysrs of thl- Ianlulet were 'Messrs. M'Corua:ck and 1)eibiey, ts, whomi too iuch cre:lit cannot 1sh gives for the very exccllenit manlser in which they carric:l out the ar. ranbgmlet., ACCIDENT.-A littie girl 5 years of age was admitted into the Hospital from the Nmo.-Mile, near Rushworth, on Tuesday last, suflering from severe burns, caused by her clothes igniting at a bushfire. lHer name is Jane Brasher. WAR INTELLIGENCE.-FrPOm ye. ter. day's "Telegraph" we learn that Plovna has surrendered, after one of the most gallant defences on record, and is now in. the hands of the Rus siays, Osnian Pasha being seriously wounded in the fight. ENTERTAINMENT.-A very good en" tertainment was given at the Town Hall on Tuesday last, in aid of the widows Mackintosh and Nolan, but the attendance was not so good as tmgh.t have been expected, considering the object, as.tthe proceeds, we under stand, will, fall short of £6. The poorness of the attendance is attributed to the nearness of thi Christmas holi days. PoLIcst CouRT.--At the. local Court yesterday; J. Homes, Esq,, P. M. and R. Gooks and W. Von-der.Luft Esqs., J. P's beinhg on the, bench,. James Hearis and .,Thomas Johnston. were o:dered to be stint, to. Sandhurst Gaol' for. three moniths. each, and James Williams and John: M'Cartney for one month each,. for common larceny in company, the fifth, John Hunter,,beiog discharged.. Thomas Sexton for un lawfully assaulting Patrick. Cunrran was sentenced to two month's imprisonment' in Sandhurst Gaol; with hard labor . report of the cases with others. will anppear in Monday's issue. LIoENsING BENoH.-A Licensing Bench, oonsisting of J. Holmes Esq.,. P. M. and R; Cocks and W. Vun-der Luft Esq's., J. P.'s sat at the Court House, Heathcote yesterday, and granted renewals, of licenses to the publicans in, the district whose names. were read out,. and a grocer's license to Messrs. Moore & Co.,. there being no objections,. The anplicatibo s of Barbara Wilson, Mary Ann Matheson,. and Robert Wada, for publicans licenses wereu djburned till the 16th January, in order that proper notices, might be given, the bench re. garding them as fresh licenses.. Mr. Booker who appeared fonrthe first applicant and Mr. Scott for the second being underthe impression that they would only have to apply for renewals as licenses were transferred to them. Robert BarkPr's application fo,. a colonial wine license was also adjourned till,the 16th January, there being no appearance. 