WHAT RUSSIA IS FIGHTING FOR. Ine Russian St. Petersburg Gazette, in a series of articles on " The objects of the present war," says: — Without the Black Sea and the Darda nelles we can no longer live. We must open a road for ourselves to the Mediterranean. . . . It is impossible to calculate all the material losses we have suffered for want of such a road. Our agri culturists did not know what to do with their corn ; our merchants did not venture to use their capital in the market, the consequence of which was that the amount of capital in Russia was daily diminishing; our artizans did not know what scope to give to their labor. Hundreds of fac- ' tories were closed; thousands of workman re mained without work and bread ; the rate of ex change continued to fall, and our banks failed one after the other, bringing down with them the whole property of many families. All this hap pened in time of peace, and for the sake of peace. . . . If for peace we have sacrificed every thing, from war we expect everything — that is to say, a secure and permanent guarantee for our interests in the East. We are obliged to resume our former position in the East, not only for our own dignity, but especially because we shall have no peace at home until the Eastern Question is settled- However enthusiastic we might be in promoting our internal development, the slightest disturbance on the Balkan peninsula will always divert our attention and drive us into a war which it is impossible to avoid. The present war has begun for an idea, but not in the abstract sense of the term. That idea must he given. We fight for our position on the Balkan peninsula — for that position from which we were driven by the united efforts of Europe twenty years ago." From time immemorial, dogs, oats, et hoc geuus omne, have performed strange feats and freaks of travelling, but, perhaps, there has nothing more strange been done in that line than was accom plished a day or two since by an erratic rooster, the property of Mr J. Humoller, of the St. Amaud Hotel. The driver of the Ballarat mail coach which leaves here at half past three o'clock a.m. saw on Tuesday morning last when preparing for his journey, a bird quietly roosting on the pole of his coach. To assure him that he was not wanted was quickly done, and Chanticleer was turned off his comfortable roost to seek fresh sleep and perches new. The coach started, went its course as far as Voss's, some twenty miles distant, and when there, the coachman's attention was drawn by one of the passengers to the curious fact that there was a bird, as comfortably asleep as a bird could be, upon the axle of the coach. The coachman recognised his old friend immediately, and quickly again deposed him from his crown of sleep. Chanticleer jumped down andin token of his cheap ride, and of having chiselled the coachman, gave vent to a satisfactorily and triumphant crow. This eccentric bird of passage is now where the coach left him, whether he wants to come back or stay where ho is deponent sayeth not, but his owner would like to hear him crow once again.-—" St. Arnaud Times." An important and somewhat remarkable dis covery is reported as having been made at the Hodgkinson river goldfields. A curious gold- bearing lode has been found, and tho extraordi nary outcrop extends for a distance of no less than eleven miles, forming the spine of a serrated ridge. The reef, strange to say, runs north easterly and south-westerly, and, with the excep tion of the cross reefs at Stawell, deviates more than any known Australian reefs from the ordi nary northerly and southerly run. Along the spine of the ridge huge outcrops of quartz occur, which present a strange appearance, the contrast between the white quartz and the surrounding country, which has recently been blackened by great bush- fires, being very great. The outcrops present coarse specks of gold to the naked eye, and a crushing of fifty tons gave 2 ozs to the ton. A pretty little story (says the Echo) comes from Boston, Mas3. Littlo Kimball, a sweet infant of four years, had a childish quarrel with little Cox, aged six. With the impulsiveness of infancy, little Kimball said he would "fix" little Cox. The playful little dear, who it seems has already ob tained the title of " major" among his playmates, went home, got his papa's revolver, and shot little Cox, blowing his brains out. And the Boston newspaper says that, "notwithstanding the extreme youth of Kimball, his conduct meets with general reprehension." In the light of tho above event the Boston Traveller also says : — " Better give the baby a rattle. He can get lots of fun out of a re- riffver, but it is apt to go off and hurt somebody, when you see the baby in a back yard with a re volver, and a reporter looking over the fence and whistling, 'I hear an angel calling,' it is as well to £ ut aud take the weapon away from the infant." The Ballarat Courier has seen a copy of the Regulation and Inspection of Mines Bill as amended, and finds that the personal responsi- it? for accidents is removed from legal nian- agers. The clause now reads as follows, and the Principle is maintained throughout the bill : — Any mining manager, or any person in charge of or giving orders or directions relating to the carrying of any mining operations in a mine, who ntravenes or does not comply with any of the general rules in this section (that is the 25 regula- ®aaR be guilty of an offence against this ahl ess proves that he had Liken all reason- .. 8 ®eans to prevent such contravention or non 1 This will meet the complaints of PersMd618' row blame on the pro- 