MONTHLY SUMMARY FOR THE MAILS [The following Summary was issued for despatch by the Intercolonial Hails on Monday morning.] OUR LETTER HOME. Inquirer & Commercial News Office, Perth, March 19, 1877. TAKING a retrospective view of the events of the past month we find little of interest to extra-colonial readers worth recording. The only political question to the solution of which we have been looking forward remains unanswered, and the public are still kept in doubt as to the vault of the correspondence which took place between Mr. S. P. Lord, Consular Agent at Melbourne for the United States of America, and His Excellency Governor Robinson with reference to the claims to the ownership of the Lacepede Islands set up by Mr. Lord on behalf of the United States, and which was sent Home for the information of Her Majesty's Government Sufficient time, it is thought, has elapsed to permit of a reply being sent, and if one has been received the public mind should be set at rest. Although not doubting for a moment our right to the possession of these islands, a misgiving has arisen in some quarters which should be dispelled as soon as possible. For some time prior to the arrival of H.M.S. Nymphe from Sydney it was currently reported that Governor Robinson intended making an official visit to the North-west settlements and to the Lace- pede Islands, but the movements of that vessel beyond Champion Bay, whither she conveyed His Excellency last week, have been kept a profound secret, and no one seems to know the ultimate destination of the vice-regal party. During her stay in Fremantle excursion trips on board have been made, the river steamers belonging to Messrs. Randell, Knight, & Co. having taken passengers off. The officers have played a cricket match with the Port Club, and the seamen have opened a floating Good Templar Lodge, numbering over forty members, subordinate to the Grand Lodge of this colony. The men who are not total abstainers are spoken of as well-conducted and steady, and the best-behaved jolly tars that have visited the colony. We may add that His Excellency received a most welcome ovation on landing at Champion Bay. Having visited the Greenough Flats His Excellency intends to proceed to the important mining district of Northamp- ton this morning, being conveyed along the railway as far as it has been com- pleted. Great activity prevails at the Lacepede $s)asjfe where a large number of vessels 0fB assdiBtt -with guano for the lessees, Mmmxi. foole, Picken, & Co., of Mel tgajaaa. On the 3rd instant the s.s. City of ' Hobarfc arrived from Melbourne, baling on board Mr. Picken, Mr. Geddes, and others interested in the export of gaaao. The City of Hobart has left for . the T~**rn**^ where she will load with gnafeo and return to Melbourne. It was aapottod that the crews on board the awainl vassela lying at the islands had ?Crock and refused to work at the guano, bat this is not borne out by subsequent rfvieai We have had a great libel and slander 0sse, a divisional -sergeant of police appear fajr as the plaintiff And the clergyman of mm district as the defendant The action arose one of an alleged libel published in 9tM Isqotkbb on the 27th September Jiatiaaletter written by the defendant *-4Im Bar. Joseph Withers, of Bunbury— fn wfcsefe be stated in reference to certain daath* by excessive drinking that 'bo long as the publicans could secure the support and. connivance of the Sub-Inspector of J^obb they could laugh at the Bench, and the law, which in Bunbury was a dead letter.' The defendant, on the 3rd Sep {amber, aim preached a sermon in his aajajt an which were the following words : f'Ogtm it an evident connivance and «fa* *» tpinriu— ap the whole case on she fact ot the heads of the police.' 3lBt farmed the subject of the slander. Xr. Withers for many years past has jsulnannmi to check the drinking habits t£ the people in his district. The pofioe seemed to him to be lax in their idaty, and he drew the attention of the riimVf^ by tetter, to the huge amount of nruMiffinnnn in the public houses. The ?tatataT thanked the rev. gentleman for has isformation, which resulted in eight afcaqat being laid against the publicans, la a sssoad letter to the plaintiff Mr. Wither* m a friendly manner remonstrated with the plaintiff (Sergt Wisbey;, and based of him for his ova and his family's safes' to be less intimate with one particu lar gffbjirttn The letter subsequently '?jfmrtnrf j» The Inquires. The Resident Xfajptrste of the district, Mr. W. Pearce fflifrrri. ' thought proper to draw tb# attention of Servant Wisbey to the letter in question, and it awaited in his gong to Perth, seeking Jeg4 advice and commencing ' an action, Certain persons ?ho were antagonistic to Mr. Withers got lip a subscription-list to defray the ex penses of the plaintiff in the prosecution 0\. his auit, and Mr. Withers' friends also ' apt op a counter subscription-list. The mm was heard at the Supreme Court befoai the Chief Justice on the 7th and 4th fit«*m»- The jury, after being locked -up two hours, returned and stated ?a answer to the usual question that they ±*A « agreed' to differ; one juryman crying out that the majority were for the the defendant His Honor subsequently ?set to ask if the jury were likely to agree ?pon a verdict ; a memo, was sent asking His Honor if in the event of the jury xrturning a verdict for the defendant they could #dd a rider that each should pay ht- own coats. His Honor replied that they OogUaW so, but that it would be a gross isBssaanety, which he would not permit. Ihe jnry -again retired, and the Sheriff having been requested to ascertain if they vans likely to agree to a verdict, and \- I— iiiiiiif a reply that there was no pos aihflity of their agreeing that day or the MBt» the Court was adjourned until ten o'clock the following Saturday morning, aad the jury were locked up. On the 10th the Court re-assembled. The Sheriff visited the jury and reported to His Honor that they had not agreed, and were not likely to do so. His Honor then briefly announced, 'The Court stands adjourned until tttfc first Wednesday iu ?jest month.' ij^Pj111? evi Gently did Hot «are to submlrto twenty-one days' jBaaajBranon ;witnreman£»oie consistency ^B^i|i^mation was given to His Honor is AaHstfenjng that the jury had agreed. (XHOMt on both sides met at Judge's ?Shtjaban, »nA the verdict, under seal, *M opened ; the jury finding for the ^?madant on. the first count, for libel, and «B.ihe asoond count, for slander, for plain fjj^ with damages 20s. The Attorney flenaml moved His Honor for the usual aplTTiiatn for costs, but this His Honor ufiiM* The jury were then discharged. the City of Perth Gas Company have heal a meeting, and have determined to oatt for shares in Melbourne. About SfiOO shares- have been taken up in this aohaty. There is much to favor the Mama) of the proposed company. The jt^HrtMgff are persons in business whose ?cayapfe will be followed immediately after the first pipe has been laid. The hmfnr— population is sufficient, we think, to tmmirtkmi^ a small gas company, and as tte scheme has been launched under very ferorablfi auspices, it is likely to succeed a* a commercial speculation. Advices have been received from the JVanantidti Islands up to the 27th January. The Smuy and the Aboyne were loading with gnano on account of Messrs. Poole, Platan, & Co. ; the barques Star of Jamsua, Cing&leae;, and Prince Arthur imi anrred, bat were, refused permission to load, in consequence of not having obtained a license from the Commissioner of Crown Lands' Office at Perth to do so. The population of the island — the one best adapted for settling upon— numbered twenty- seven persons, of whom twenty were laborers employed by Messrs. Poole, Picken, -fc Co., loading their vessels with guano, which they get ou board at the rate of about sixty tons per day. The interesting ceremony of laying the founda tion-stone of the Commissioner's house, on the 26th of January, was performed with full pomp and solemnity by Mrs. Thrussell, the wife of Cant Thrussell, of the brig Emily. Captains McEacheru, O'Grady, and Thrussell made most enthusiastic speeches on the occasion, to which Mr. Wynne, the Government Commissioner, suitably responded. The Government cutter WaterUly was at the islands under going repairs. A small cutter named the Start, belonging to Mr. McKay, had been totally wrecked at the islands. The colonial-owned oarqoe Amur (Capt H. O Grady) was making good progress with taking in her cargo. There are now probably as many as a dozen of Messrs. Poole, Picken, & Co.'s vessels, in addition to the s.s. City of Hobart, lying at the islands taking guano on board for all parts of the world — China, Great Britain and the continent, Hobart Towu, Melbourne, and elsewhere. For the present Messrs. Poole, Picken, & Co. enjoy at the hands of the Government the exclusive right to work the deposits, whose value it would be quite premature to estimate. The weather has been excessively hot Bushfires have been very prevalent, and both feed and water for stock, more especially on the back stations, are very scarce. In some localities the losses among stock for want of water have been very considerable, while in some cases entire flocks of sheep have suc cumbed to the effects of drinking inor dinate quantities of salt water. Advices have, however, been received of heavy thunderstorms having occurred to the eastward, and that the Murchison River is flowing. These are glad tidings for the squatters, who have probably never known a more embarrassing season than the present 