([From our Country Correspondents.] WILLIAMS RIVE&, March 29. Strange to say nothing has yet been ascertained of the fate of the poor fellow John Murray, who strayed into the bush some months ago. He was employed in the harvest field and had been indulging very freely in a drinking bout with some companions. Having made up his mind to go to the main line from Perth to Albany, some miles distant, in order to intercept the ' mail cart and ascertain whether there were any letters for him, he set off on foot, and that was the last to be seen of him. There is very little doabt that, becoming exhausted, he lay down and died, and that the dingoes have eaten him. Singularly, one of the men with whom Murray was working in the field, Peter Cunningham by name, has directly fallen a victim to intemperance. This unfortu nate man went to the races at the Arthur River and drank and fought to such an extent that he died a moBt wretched death. I regret to have to say that drinking, fighting, and the ever-attendant con comitant, disgusting language, are the order of the day and are greatly on the in crease, aud must continue to be so until the Bench, after the fashion of your esteemed Police Magistrate Mr. Landor, adopts a course of rigid punishment and visits repe titions of the offence with more and more severity. A fine often shillings for a second offence of drunkenness and riotous behaviour is looked forward to here with almost unvarying certaiiity. -This is not the way to check debauchery. There have been several cases sent from hem for trial lately, about which a common opinion is shared they will come to nought, and might just as well have been disposed of on the spot ? Sickness is prevalent here, and our local medico is having a busy time of it ? The weather has been dreadfully hot, and feed and water for stock have become most embarrassingly scarce with many of the squatters. I may here mention that on the wonderful grants known as ' McDermott's,' upon which it was said that 7,000 sheep could be kept all the year round, are wretchedly impover ished, and that on the upper portions of them there is not enough water to keep a single sheep. .Although bushfires have been everywhere prevalent stock of all kinds look tolerably well ; yet rain is wanted sadly. I doubt not, however, that this season will have done great good to the stockowners, in this way : it will teach them to not place so much reliance in the seasons, aud set about sinking wells and conserving the water in the rivers by the construction of dams and reservoirs. 