THE LICENSED VICTUALLEKS' BILL. THE new licensing iiill, according to Jlr. C. D. Carter, tlxo president of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, Has already taken to evil courses. Like the true colonial larrikin, it lu\d scarcely passed iti hobble dehoyhood when it refused to "work pro perly," went about staggering like an ill constructed guj', threatened the very exis tence of honest men " in th'o snburbtm trade," was detected gaping'ti at " grocers' windows " with hungry grfo: and imirderou3 intent, consumed the refreshments and drank th'e grog " of bona fide Sunday travellers," and made the "night" hideous with its sorrowful ' vailings. It is very sad to see a thing so. young-only on the twelfth day after it has passed its nonage-repudiated hv its Uatnrai parents, and abandoned n'l'i spurned alika by tlio rubicund iiud long-visaged sponsors who rcfr'ed and promised that it would walk in the paths of virtue and peace when the sweet bantling was held at the font, reposing gently on the arras of Duncan Gillies- the minister. But perhaps the failure of the ; cherub to realise the hopes that we'ra; cherished at the period uf its "Incep tion " was rtfc-Twj to 'the Vtinidly alliance of the discordant spirits tY'.at "stood at its j cradle, an'd are !VgV>- only anxious to fol j low it to Vis grave." The water that was priuted on its head when it got the finish ing touch was drawn from the purest coring by the untainted hands of tHC't's Abstainers. But tlier.i that wan vitiated by a considerable "dash." pdministered Viy less sacred fingers before it fell on the head of the unlucky in fant. Thus it is that the wretched larrikin evinces the evil propensities inherited from its sponsors of either kind, unrelieved by the good qualities that belong to either. Now we lind that every publican who may 'have any claim to a share in its paternity, has joined a vigilance committee to liunt it down, and hand it over to the police 'courts. If it might escp.pe these merciless hands, there is still no peace for the perse cuted wretch, for there is a band of teeto. tallers, headed by Miratns, ever oil its trail. The publicans have designated the abstainers, for their interference in the matter, a "most despicable body," which appears to be in comprehensible, as the objects of the two societies seem to be identical-the total sup pression of the reprobate bill. On the 121U instant a meeting of the licensed victuallers wa3 held at the -Uheiuoum to eonaidet tile .lot; more es pecially tins provisions relating to 'Sun day tnvdihg. Mv. Carter, the p'resideut, was tile exponent of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, and, certainly, he spoke^ his mind out. like a man, clearly and plainly. There was no nonsense about Mr. Carter no shirking insidious, under-hand deal ing in the matter. Had he indulged only in tea or iced lemonade something mi wilt have been kept back, hut the heart made glad by generous wine is raised above deception, and this eloquent president did not conceal irom the public the aspirations of the .society he presides over. During the fnrthooiu'mg uhctious the constituencies nro to be tampered with; the bill is t'3 he ilturcd, and a j \3?osu corporation (the Licensed Victual lers) established with unlimited power as an unrein,* id Uhpcri* amoiigSt^ us. Mr. Carter, alter '.'.nlieces-sariiy apologising for diht'-ina on this as n :: dry " subject, ex plained that a bill had been prepared by the j Licensed Victualler*.' Association; which j had the approbation ot the representatives i of two of the principal temperance bodies o£ j the toioiiy. It was submitted to successive i Governments, none ot whom were prepared 1 to accept it in its "entirety," but Mr. Gillies at length introduced the present bill, which, the speaker stated, was widely diil'erent from that drafted by his asso ciation. Mr. Carter, however, admitted (and lie congratulated the meeting on the fact) that out of tnenty- nine principal points in the publican's model bill, the present law embraces twenty-three. Under that aspect of the case it nail scarcely be fair on the part of Mr. Carter to speak of the Government as having been supported by a subservient, majority, adverse to himself and his followers, it is quite evident; how ever-, that his principal objection to the I alteration tnado in the measure by Parlia ment had reference to the continuance of the grocers' licenses. That obnoxious provision constantly crop3 up during Mr. Carter's speech, and haunts his imagination like an attack of " blue devils." In ~ the alliance that took place be tween the publicans and the temperance I bodies regarding the bill, unanimity pre I vailed on every one of the " twenty-nine points " but two. A limited Sunday traffic and night licenses were two points that could not be°agreed on, so they were left "open questions." This phrase had a double sig nification-the teetotallers wishing, by keep ing the question " open,55 to close the houses every night, and on Sundays; and the pub licans, by " closing " the question, wished to keep their houses open front one a.m. on Monday to twelve p.m. on Saturday night. On the subject of abolishing the grocers' licenses, huwever, the high contracting par ties were as one. On lhat matter the Par liament and the Country came to a tliffereut conclusion, and now we find that 2,-100 licensed victuallers are full of ire because the interest of 300 grocers was uot sacrificed to their exorbitant pretensions. The con venience of the public was not deemed worthy the consideration of either the publicans or the sinners who abandoned the vendors of tea and single bottles. There is one subject oil which Mr. Carter dwelt that should 'lot be passed over in silence. Whilst speaking ..{ the necessity of altering the present bill, that gentleman most im prudently made use of the following words: -" If the *2,100 licensed victuallers in Victoria had subscribed a guinea a year | each to the Licensed Victuallers' Associa ! lion, he felt certain they would have had ! limited Sunday trading, or anything they 1 wanted.'' The sentiment was received with : cheers by the associated publicans. Mr. ; Carter did not take the public outside that body into his confidence by stating how £-,5-0 could produce the result of allowing that, wealthy organisation to " get whatever tiiey wanted." We coiiiess the proposition is a puzzle more diflicult to be unravelled than the Chinese one used as an illustration of his friend and le,ral adviser Mr, M*lveau. In stump orations we know that good sense is usually of secondary importance to blataut bound. Xuvertheless from a man of Mr. Carters character and intelligence it should be ex pected that words uttered by him were in- j tended to convey some meaning. If j anv one, however, interprets the utter -nee of that oracle by a supposition (?at the Legislature of Victoria could be influenced by any sordid uu wort.hv means, that person would labor under' a great delusion. Impulsive, fickle, foolish, ambitious, and obstructive many members o£ the Legislature indubitably are, but personal corruption 110 member of either House in the present Parliament can be accused of. We are certain Mr. Carter diu not mean to convey such a slander, but his expressions were uttered rather widely, and it must be admitted that they are suscep tible of such an interpretation when read by heedless or unthinking men. THE All-E>-'6la>'D ELEVEN" AT SYDNEY.-The match between an eleven of New South Wales tiid the All-England Eleven was. resumed yes terday. The ISiew South Wales players only succeeded in making S2 runs in the lirst innings, against their opponents' fine score of 271, The ;Sydney men went again to the wickets, and shaped much better on their second essay, as when the stumps were drawn, they had put to gether 1*10 for the loss of Eix wickets, . D Gregory made 54, and not out. the Sydney men had to obtain 49 more runs tp save a one innings defeat-. Tho match, is a drawn one, as the gime ttuihot ftS piay^d out, die - English men haVihg to sftil lorKew Zealand to-day. Br>n Fires.-The city was surrounded by bush iires yesterday; in whatever quarter the eye was directed large volumes 01 smoke were to be seen rising. After sunset, however, a better idea could be formed as to the extent of the fires, through the brilliancy of the glare from them. The most extensive lire seemed to be raging on the ranges between Kangaroo ThU and Bullock Creek. The persons niost likely to sutler any great loss by .it arc the woodcarters, but we have .not heard ol any damage being done. Our llarong correspondent, writing yes tfrctey, says:-"Two bush lires have been raging in the vicinity of Marong during the last day or two. One appeared to be near the Hough and Harrow, on the Sandhurst side of the Memsie reef, and the other was in the direction of Burnt Gully. By to-morrow I shall be in possession of particulars." SLY-GROG Selling.—The stringent provisions of the new Publicans Act in respect to sly-grog selling are likely to materially.reduce the number of offenders under this head. The lowest penalty a court can inflict, on proof of the offence having been committed, is £25. The first case under the new act was heard at the City Police Court yesterday. A woman named Mary Lewis, who resides on the Lockwood road, was brought up by the informer Briggs for sly-grog selling. It was proved that.she had no publican's license, and that she had supplied the informer with gin. The minimum penalty wns inilicted. THE BANKS AND Mining.-The following from the Alta California, September, 187ti, is applicable to our moneyed institutions. The collateral security of our deep mines is well worthy of their serious consideration: " No business is so profitable to banks as the stock and mining custom, and if our bankers here would assist instead of retarding the mining in terests, by extending loans to mines as well as individuals upon the good collateral feenrity which can always be furnished, not only would the stock.business thrive, but every branch of trade in the community show a healthy con dition." CITY POLICE Cofp.r.-The Mayor and Mr. J. Holdsworth, J.P., presided at this court yesterday. A boy, named Thomas I-Iose, twelve years of age, was brought up as a neglected child, and ordered to be sent to the Sandhurst Industrial School. The girl Alice Pope, brought up on remand as a neglected child, was ordered to be sent to the Industrial School at Geelong. Alexander Stephenson, charged with obtained a pair of gold earrings from J. h. \\\ ebster, of Melbourne, by means of a value leas cheque was remanded to tho Melbourne Court till the next day. Marv Ann Lewis in formed against by Briggs for sJy-grog sidling at Lockwood on the 10th instant, Mas fined £25 with r«; easts. James Deane, charged with na\ mg unlawfully assaulted Alexander Reid at uocnester was further remanded for a week tail being allowed in two sureties of £50 each! Mary For<1, E. Colgati, and -Murphy, for allow ing goats to wander at large, were lined os each with 2s. GtL costs. - Devine, for illegally rescuing cattle seized for the purpose of bein" impounded, was lined 20s. with 12s Gd cost" J.D. Guthrie v. F. Jtinck, goods £4 13< ' order for amouut and 2s. 6d. costs. P. McCarthy % ®'aunlou^ goods 5s.; order for amount and 2a. Gd costs, IRRIGATION CANALS.— A correspondent sends the follow,T attract from a California!! paper to show that we in Australia may commence fiiot in a similar way to our cousins in tixin" up small canals, and let the great Nort)£ \\\esteni come on in good time afterwards: I ho Bakersfield California n, September, 1870", tpllowing list nf irrigation canals, taken from the south sida oi Kern River:-'The Kern Island Canal is the first that was taken out; it extends, after coming out on the level land, in a direct line southward a distance <.: fitted* miles to the margin of Kern Lake. It is twenty feet wide, and carries a !ar water through what would lie otherwise in a great measure, a barren country. Being the earliest enterprise of the kind, it was" con structed under many difficulties, and cost much more than many similar canals have since been constructed foi-. The Farmers' Canal is thirty ieet wide and fifteen miles long. Part of the way the water is conducted taroueh ail old channel of the river, which answers every pur pose, aiid_savc-.s very considerably in the cost of construction The Spine Canal'is 125 feet wide at ita mouth, but it narrows to forty feet wlidi it leaves the point of diversion It is mteer. miles long. The Noble Canal is six teen ;cet wide and tour miles Ion?. The Gates Canal is twelve feet wide and two miles long, riie Buena \ ista Canal is thirty feet wide and fit teen miles long. The James* Canal T 'i' rf0t ,'Tle and six miIes lu«S. The Plunket Canal is twelve feet wide and two miles long. The Meacham Canal is twelve feet wide and three miles' long. Tile Wilson Canal is ten feet wide and two miles long. The Henley Canal is six feet wide and three miles ,Tf i m 1 1C Frazier Canal, ten feet I\ .tll^nl1!? I?0?- - .The tota> length of tl.e <_jiirtls oil the ndrtli side is ninety-four miles and that for the south side eighty-live miles gi ving a grand total of one hundred and seventy uir.e miles of irrigating canals, through which the waters oi Kern River arc conducted. The article goes on to state that by these canals belli" established m the State S,000,000 bushels of wheat were added to the yearly return of i 1 bib, and thereby causing a splendid inroad for population, and a godsend to the railways MIXI.vh AuTDENT.-Our Marong corespon dent writes:-A very distressing accident has occurred to Mr. James Thompson, the respected manager ot the W ilson'a Company's co-operative tnbutors. It seems that a shot had hunc fire lor such a length of time that Mr. Thompson con Mdered it to be his duty to go and ascertain the cau.^e of u, but no sooner did he approach than the discharge took place, and he was badly hurt about the head and body. 1 am glad'to say that Ins sight is not effected, and toat he wiil recover from the injuries sustained, although they are painful and severe, Tut: Pkice OF WATER.- A stupid error oc curred yesterday in a paragraph under the above heading. It was stated that in almost ! all cases the price of water to meter-consumers ha* been redm-va bv the Government over a i Hundred pel- Cent, from what was charged by t.ie Council. What was written was "over filty jic-r cent: , -TT'i d.F,^,?ES;~^ c'llsscs in conncutiCn 1 ^!,e local j>chooI 0i Mines are again in full operation. Tliis afternoon the survey class imetsas usual at four p.m., and in the Jvcnhi" V c|las?cI!i *!«*»«. Tayler and Nieolai for I sclmol OI design and mechanical drawing M:w CoMMi.s.sio.vi:i(.-Mr. .1. KllisonT of the nun or Messrs. Brown and Ellison, solicitors has been appointed a commissioner of the Supreme Court for taking affidavits in the colony of V lctoria. Thk Weathkk yesterday was disagreeably close and oppressive. A thunderstorm would be very acceptable, and prove of great benefit. About eleven o'clock last ni .fit a lew drops of ram fell, and at a later hour there were indications of a thuuder-storm J lie thermometer registered at Messrs. Jo^nh aud <-o. s, J'al! Malf, as follows-9 a.m. 7$' uoon.SJ'; 3 SS1; 6 p.m., 73J- mnximum,' aJ . minimum, 6i . Barometer-9 a.m °S 'iiifi b p.m., 23.855. " 1 KAHLLHAWK POI.ici; Corr.T- There was igain no business of importance before this tlierii"Vt'if"rd'7' .TVo,cascs. "'er0 ^ down on the list for hearing, but in neither did the parties put m an appearance. The Mayor (Mr. bench ' 3 Anderson occupied the 1>\V.-Garden Ciillv Tnitcd. Mcsiv It is almoin,.^! in our advertising cduimn (hat Mrs. Gollmick will resume lie? mufcic logons oil IhiirsiLiv, the ]Sth of January " c '.THE ACSTRAI^UX SKKTCRF.V.."-The pre sent month s number of the Sh.!chcr contains some excellent illustrations. Wc. arc presented with an engraving oi the wrecked steam-r Otago, a portrait of_ the Right- Itcv. James Moorhousc Bishop oi Melbonnio; a picture of Inuc of the Hills, winner of the Champion otakes; scenes from the pantomimes at the ^Iel bourne theatres, a magnificent view of Sydney Heads from near Manly beach, the new Grand ftitand on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, the New \ears Day Meeting at Kandwick; the new Lion Houseitt the Koyal Park; Brisbane Botanic Gamens and Government House- the Kagle-s Neat, New Zealand, from the picture of Mr. A. C hevaher,- and humorous sketches at a vatenng place. Altogether the number is a very ^ood one. I SCHOLASTIC APPOINTMENT.-Mr. Henrv C. Shortt, of Melbourne University, has been ap- pointed to a mastership in the Corporate High School. Mr Shortt was for five years a master in Ballarat College, and for the last year one of the masters of Wesley College, Melbourne. He comes very highly recommended for his sound, scholarship and his skill and success in teaching, and should prove a useful acquistion to the teaching staff of the High School. DISASTROUS FIRE AT Goor.VOXG. - Our Gooraong correspondent ivritos;--r^ disastrous fire took place on Monday afternoon at the resi- ] dence of Mr. H. Fick, of MayU'dk, Campaspe, | and adjacent to the property of Mr. Bobertion, squatter. The tire originated in the outhouses, which were ? all consumed. The first notice given of the lire was by the pigs squealing out. Mrs. Danlieson, who was washing clothcs under the shade of a tree, was startled by the noise in the piggery, and, looking round, saw the whole in names. She at once gave the alarm, when all about the place rushed to the rescue, but, unfortunately, too late to bo of much use. The stables and outhouses wore reduced to t ashes in a . short time, and .every article of a conibustible nature was so enveloped in riauien that no one couid get near enough to extinguish the fire.- . This morning there are to be seen eight roasted pigs, fat and ready for the market, which were to be sold next week to the butcher. It is owing to the exertions of Mr. (iruer and others that the stacks and du elling house escaped. No cause is stated as to the origin of the lire. The pijigery is the last- place where one would think a hre could occur. May bank is on the banks of the Campnspe, and is a fine picturesque residence. The proprietor has lately sailed for India with, a splendid stud ot horses for that market. lam told it was a most heartrending ami revolting aflair to-hear the shrieks of eight full-grown pigs begirt by tire, which could not escape, together with the cries of women and others, who scorched themselves in order to relieve them in vain. The house is insured, but ncne of the destroyed premises are. Bushfires are to be seen in various direc tions around. A number of persons mustored t-o try to extinguish one. in EllemWC State Forest yesterday, but the smoke appears to-day As dense as ever. The heat has been. very, op pressive, and in consequence a- deal of illuess is prevalent. '. TIIF, CANAL SCHEME.-A public meeting is to be held in the Town Hall this evening, com mencing at eight o'clock, for the purpose of "taking into consideration the refusal of the lion. Duncan Gillies, Minister of Lands, to the request of the people and the City Council of Sandhurst that leave should be granted to survey the proposed route of the Grand Vic torian North-Western. Canal,, and that their survey should be protected pending the action of Parliament; also, to discuss the best means of bringing water to the neighboring plains for agricultural purposes." We understand that the requisitionists will meet in the mayor's room at half-past seven. The following are the resolutions to bo proposed:-I. That, this meet ing is astonished at the action token by the pre sent Ministry, in opposing the survey of the Grand Canal, and considers such refusal without sufficient reason is oppressive and calculated to impair that confidence in the impartial adminis tration of the law to which every Victorian citizen is entitled. II. That, seeing the carry ing out of agricultural and pastoral pursuits in a semi-tropical climate, to be successful, requires irrigation and cheap transit, this meeting is of opinion that electors at the forthcoming election should be most careful to return no member to Parliament who does not distinctly pledge him self to the canalization of Victoria. THE BALLARAT PAPERS for the last few days have not reached us until the arrival of the night train from Melbourne. "\Ve ought to re ceive them by the 4.20 afternoon train. WARDEN'S COITRT.-There was no business transacted at this court yesterday. QCOITS.-On Saturday next a handicap quoit niat-ch is to be played at the William Tell Hot-el, Eaglehawk. KEIHSTRATIOS OF DOGS.-The Marong Shire Council remind owners . .of dogs that their re gistration expired oh tlie 3isc December last, and that the provisions of the Dog Act will be strictly enforced, and proceedings taken against all persons refusing or neglecting to register. "THE Ii.u>TR.vriiu AUSTRALIAN NEWS. -- [ We have received the January number of this illustrated journ.il. It contains engravings of the installation of the Bishop of Melbourne, the new* bridge over the Yarn1., rescuing the crow and passengers of the steamship Georgette, portraits of Iloran, Blackham, Midwinter, and Allan-four of the Victorian cricketers; His Excellency Mr. William Wellington Cairns Governor of South Australia: a sketch of the Iwakuni Bridge, Japan; a splendid representa tion of ;i box- at the pantomime; the (Jta"0 on shore, a really admirable view oil the Para matta River, and a picture cf the Melbourne Bowline Club's green. The engravings are all well executed, and generally of an interesting character. Kiiui ATION CENSUS.-The Minister of l'ub.lie Instruction lias invited tenders for the collection of statistics, required by the Education Act Amendment Act; and the compilation of an alpha betical list of the children resident in the school district o£ the city of Sandhurst, between the ages of three and. lifteen years. TESTIMONIAL TO DR. POUNDS.-A linal meet ing of the committee is to be held to- morrow evening, at half-past eight o'clock, at the Sham rock Hotel: All lists and subscriptions are re quested tci be sent in, as it i.s intended to remit the amount to Dr. Pounds on Friday morning. HOSPITAL MANAGEMENT.-A requisition has been presented to the mayor by a number of citizens, asking him to convene a public meeting in the Corn 'Exchange to- morrow (Thursday) evening, for the purpose of taking into con sideration the recent action of the Hospital Committee in reference to the officers of the in stitution. The mayor lias accordingly convened a meeting in compliance with the requisition, and appointed eight o'clock as the hour of hold ing the same. I IMPORTANT NOTICE TO CABMEN.-The town clerk notifies cabmen by advertisement that they are required to attend with their vehicles, I lit the Town Hall, at nine o'clock on Friday J niorriirig ilext, to have tlieir horses, cabs, and harness examined by the inspectors previous to the issuing of licenses. THE EARLY CLOSING MOVEMENT.-The watch makers and jewellers of this city* have agreed to join the early closing movement, and notify by advertisement that they will commence to-day to close their establishments at two o'clock, for the Wednesday half-holiday. This is a move in | the right direction. Mrs. Hamilton, who has !, lately commenced business as a draper in Pall : Mall, notifies that she will also close her shop on Wednesdays at two o'clock. WILSON'S CIKCCS.-There was another good attendance at this circus last evening, and the many extraordinary and clever feats performed i in the arena provoked as much pleasure and amusement as on former evenings. The eques trian drama of "Tnrpin's Kide to York " was the last item on the programme, ami proved an enjoyable one. This afternoo a mid-day per formance will be given, and in the evening the company will appear for positively the last time [ in Sandhurst. A good programme has been provided, and doubtless many will avail them selves of this last opportunity of witnessing a very pleasing and enjoyable cutertaiment. MADAME COKA SENT TO GAOL roi: MURDER. -We (l{trabl, of Monday evening) have been informed that in a private letter of a late date from the Cape of Good Hope, the following startling intelligence is conveyed:-"The town I . -Cape Town-is in a state of the most intense excitement, in consequence of the unfortunate nifiiir of the Cora troupe. Business with them had been very good, mul everything looked pleasant for a successful season. All of a sudden the whole town was thrown into a hfate of the greatest excitement by the nc.es that Madame Cora, in a lit of jealousy, had strangled in death the young vocalist, Miss Alice Wren (sister ot Mrs. F. M. Kates, the actress). Madame Cora has since been sentenced to death, but that penalty was afterwards commuted to three years' imprisonment, with solitary eoniiiiement. Mr. Bushe (Cora's husband) has gone to England. I^ast night's Ilrrahl says that " there appears to be very grave doubts as to the correctness of the above startling intelligence concerning Madame Cora. The statements were supplied to us by a theatrical correspondent of certain Engli.-h and American journsis, who frequently furnishes us with details of the movements of old Victorian favorites. We arc fully investi gating tlie matter. and will to-morrow be in a position to announce whether or not ihe grave statements arc true or false. Wc sincerely trust they will prove to bo without founda tion." A SsAi:s' STOUY.-The Werraeknabcal cor respondent of the JJorsham Tha?* supplies a rather sensational snake story. A few days since a young fellow named Hates, living near Cannum, took the cattle to water near Cut Paw Swamp, and having watered ihem. went in for a bath on his oWM account. Alter ho had been in tlie water f>>r s-nue little time. a snake attacked him and fastened on to the calf of his leg. He contrived to make it loose ite hold by kicking with the other leg.. and the. lad then mounted for home at full gallop. The part of the leg bitten w;is tied abjve and below the wound, the bitten part cut out, ;vml a young mao named Henry Umber very bravely sucked the wound, after which powder was placed in the cut and ignited. Thanks to these remedial measures, the young man is now nearly .all right. The snake which inflicted the bite was alxmt live feet in length. tsiiDOTiNU AIKKAA* AT DUNULT.Y.-An Italian named Pedro Asaldiui, a farmer at Jones's Creek, was brought up on warrant at the Dunolly Police Court 0:1 Friday, charged with shooting at a youth named John Williams, who lives 011 the adjoining farm, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. The evidence of sever..! witnesses went to show that on Sunday last the prisoner, without any cau. e, took out his gun and deliberately tired at Williams, who avoided the shot by throwing himself on the arou:i 1. Asaldini was fullv committed for trial. -If. (..'.'I D. Aflrirtixrr. EMBEZZLEMENT.-Tlio Turrarjoir«.r Tiuu that Edward Giltrap, the rate-collector for the Maidou Sivre. has been committed to take his trial at the Cajtleinaine General Sessions, on February 0, for embezzling the diirc funds to the extent of £37- Vs. id. The prisoner was admitted to bail, himself in £203, and two sureties in £100 each. FfRE.-A fire broke out this morning, at lour o'clock, iu the premises occupied by Mr. Edwards, greengrocer, View-street. The alami was quickly given, and .the fire brigades soon put. in an, appearance, but they could not suc ceed in quelling the flames, owing to the inflam mable nature of the material of which the building was constructed, and the propor tions the flames had attained before their arrival. Th-j stock .and . furniture were entirely con sumed, and the building was burned to the ground. Owing to the lateness of the hour at which file lire occurred, we were unable . to ascertain whether the damage done is cohered by insurance. The adjoining premises-the Rifle Brigade Hotel on the one side and Power's grocery store on the other-being built oi stone and brick were not materially injured, although some wooden outhouses at the rear of and be longing to the former were destroyed., The Teleyraph saj'S that the Sunday closing of publichouses has operated most favorably on the crime of the city. The M. A. Jfail says it is on the tnpi.* to form an eleven, from the pick of the cricketers of tiie district, to proceed to Tasmania to pla}' a match there early in February next. COAI. in SKIPTON.-Tho dicovery of what is alleged to be coal in the Skipton district, about four jniles beyond Linton, his created great- ex citement in that locality, and the inhabitants are already indulging in lively anticipations of future prosperity. It is.intended to have full inquiry made, and for that purpose an ofiieer of the Lands department will be "sent up in a day or two to the spot indicated.. . . ELECTION . Gcssir..-AYc .obtain from owr country exchanged a few h eshitems of election intelligence., Tha Mount Alexander Mail says it is rumored that Mr. K. B. Tucker, J.V., ivill l\e asked to stand for the-Kyncton Boroughs, According to the Citmpenloim C/ironic/c, Mr. O'Hea, who. was defeated at the last election for 1'olwarth and South Grenville, will present him self. Mr J. H. Graves, af A'aucluse, Uich mond, until recently lessee of Tatong. .Station, near Benalla, has announced himself as a candi date for Pelatite. AYe are informed that Councillor Anderson will, come forward for North Melbourne.-- Ari/ug. The Tows Clkkk ch- Mklboui:nk.-Mr. F. G. Fitzgibbou, the town clerk- of Melbourne, lias, upon resuming duty, placed the result of his observations on municipal matters abroad before the City Council in the form of a pamphlet. Mr. Fit-zgibbon addresses himself, in turn, to the sewage question, the formation of street sewers, street tramways, markets, and water and gas supply. In each instance the council is supplied with information of the latest dates, and much of it is very valuable. Th>i energy and style of the communication gives a comforting assurance that tlie town clerk has oome back to us uncontaminated and unchanged. -Tdajraph. THE .\ew i.iCLNSiNG Act.-in accordance vritli the resolution arrived at by the meeting of the licensed victuallers on Friday last, the hotels throughout the city and suburbs were on Sunday rigidly closed (says the A njtix), in com pliance with the law which forbide Sunday trad ing. The effect of this strict enforcement of the law is to cause great inconvenience to the public, the result desired being to bring about an agi tation which may lead to an alteration of the act. Travellers to Brighton, St. Kilda, a'.d other places were on Sunday unable to obtain refreshment of any kind. The licensed houses were kept under special surveillance by the police, who seemed to be under the impression that in some of the hotels ordinary customers were being served as formerly. FREAK ok -Lovers of natural curi osities will feel interested in hearing from the Kijmton Gmrd'mn that Mr. Charity, of lledes dale, is the hapjjy possessor of a remarkable sow. It is now fifteen months old, and never had but three legs, but to compensate for this deficiency nature has given it to three tails. It is one of the fore legs which i.- wanting. Sl'Ii'lDE.-An Albury correspondent- of the Aryan writes:-"A case of suicide occurred on Sunday morning at Mungabareenn, abjut two miles from Albury, on the main Sydney road. It appears that a man named Kiehard Howard, a dairyman, and an old resident of the district, who resided at Mungabareenn, had been for some little time in pecuniary difficulties. YVifh in the past few weeks some of his creditors had been pushing him, and oil Thursday a seizure was made under the sheriff's warrant, and a man named Smith was left in possession. From all accounts Howard did not at pear to be much depressed by the circumstance; on the con trary, he seemed to be in very good spirits, and confident of being able to arrange matters and get out of his difficulties. On Sunday morning, however, as soon as the breakfast- Wa,s over, he rose from the table and walked out on t-o the verandah. Almost immediately afterwards the report of a gun was heard. Smith, the man in possession, ran out and saw Howard lying dead on the verandah, bleeding from a wound in the temple, with a recently-discharged fowling piece lying by his side.'' DEATH kuom Srnstkokk.-The hot weather has not been without fatal effect in Mary borough, says the Stamlni-'l. Many of our readers will remember a young lad named Wag staff, who was in the employ of Mr. 11. Dodd. butcher, as an order boy. Upon the removal of the unfortunate young man Bunker (who was killed in the Hamilton railway accident), Wag staff succecded to his place as stockrider, and while out with Mr. Dodd's cattle during the hot weather just before Christmas, received a sun stroke. He complained of head-ache, and a few simple remedies were tried as curatives, the lad being able to go about his duties. On Sunday he seemed as well as usual at ten o'clock, when he was lying in bed, but two hours later jie was in a state of delirium. His removal to the hos pital was effected, and Dr. Laidman was also called in. It was at once seen that the lad was suffering from sunstroke, and everything was nunc uy J-'rs. lAum ami J.aulman, but without effect, as the patient died 01; Monday morning about eight o'clock, the two medical me:: h»v»iu been unwearied in their attention'; the who'lc time. It is surmised that the defeased must have met with a second sunstroke on Saturday, though lie made no complaint. It*- v.'as a young lad who was respected for his civility, and re gret was therefore everywhere oppressed among .Sir. Dodd's customers at his untimely ml. Sunday Tkamm;.-A special meeting of the. Vigilance Committee of the Victorian United . Licensed Victuallers' Association was held on Monday afternocJtl (ssys the Ai- was a full attendance of members. A good deal i of correspondence was received ficm hotel- I keepers, complaining of others having failed observe the law, and arrangements were made to prevent a recurrence of the offences. In some instances it was decided to take immediate action, proof of the infraction of the law being at hand. A motion that a deputation wait upon the Chief Secretary, and ask him to instruct the police to take steps to stop Sunday trading, was carried unanimously, and a number of new names were added "to the Vigilance Committee for the various districts. A resolution that the committee meet on Wednesday ami Friday next was agreed to, and the committee adjourned after recording its satisfaction at the united manner in which the trade had acted on Sun day, and expressing a determination to preveut these who had infringed the law doing so again .with impunity. IycRKASi: ov HAKE?.-The Ararat correspon dent of the A lyug writes :-At the annual meet ing of tile Ararat Coursing Club, held on Satur day afterroon atRedfearn'a Hotel, the following office-bearers for the year were elected :-I'resi- I dent, Mr. Robert Elliott: vice-president, Mr. W. \Y. Hood; committee-Messrs. Young, Meyriek, Henderson, Kedfearn, O. Forbes. I". j Smith, R. Chirnside, Hyslop, and Sandy, It was arranged that the two meetings for the season should be held, the Puppy Stakes (32 dogs) on the 14th June, and the Ali-aged Stakes j on the 1st August: and that Mr. Johnston i should be engaged as judge. Several new mem ' hers were elected. It was a. subject of general congratulation that hares were abundant all over the district, having added to their numbers wonderfully during the el->*c : ea~"n. 'When it is remembered that the club is now merely entering the second year of its existence, that it is not so very long ago that a few patriotic sportsmen dropped a lew strong leverets here and there in likely spots on the edge of the plains, and that the destruction of the game by pothunters and poachers last year was something terrific, the friends of acclimatisation may rest assured that the hare will be aide to bear its share 01" the difficulties and dangers of settle ment in this part ..if the Australian .'011x1110111. UM.<" Krri C.M;t:TA';>; DOUI.'s.-The experi ment; of running railway trains with ihe car riage doors unlocked was tried on the Vrilliams town line 011 Monday (says the si r too early yet to arrive at any definite opinion as to the value of the change here, so far as this experiment is concerned, but the practice has proved of great convenience in other countries, and there is r.o reason why it should not prove equally successful here. The number of per sons travelling to 'Williamstown on Monday u m not large, and the change will be better tested 011 Saturday. Passengers are cautioned against entering or leaving the carriages while the"train is in motion, or whilst the train is not at the platform, and they may be trusted to exercise the care necessary to avoid accident. The principal difficulty experienced is to prevent passengers travelling without tickets, but this can easily be obviated. Passengers can be called on t-o show their tickets at any time, and a check can bo devised which M ill preveut any attempts at frau.L Some little inconvenience was suffered by passengers, owing to their un aequaintauee with the method 01" opening the doors. In addition to the ordinary fastening, a. | small latch has been put 011 the doors, so that, ; after unfastening the door by means of th I liaudle, the latch below has to be lifted. Pas sengers were for the most part nuacijaaiuiei 