LOCAL., T'here is nothing new in political matters here. A meeting of Mr Godfrey's com mittee was held on Monday evening, when rather a desponding view was taken of the position, but it is nevertheless generally be, lieved he will go to the poll. Mr. White law has been trying hard to make an im pression in his own neighbourhood, and it is said Mr. M-Kenzie still pursues his can vass. Mr. Hunt, although quiet until after the dissolution, has-many warm friends, re liable and true, who are taking an active and warm interest in his return. By advertisemient elsewhere it will be seen 'that Mr. Hunt will address the electors in the Mechanics' Institute, Kilmore, on Thursday evening next; at Broadford, on Friday, 27th April, at 7 o'clock ; and at Tal larook on Satirday, 28th April, at 7'p,m. The dissolution of Parliament will take place on the 25th inst,, and . writs for the new election will be issued on the 30th. The day of nomination has been fied for May 5th;. the: elections will take place on May llth, and the writs will be returned, on 15th May. A sale of Crown Lands in fee-simple, will bo held at the Courc House,. Kilmore, on Monday, apth April, at 11: o'clock a.m., and will be conducted by M.r. Capron, Re ceiver and Paymaster, when several blocks in Bylands and Moranding, and the town ship.of Walla., Wallan, will be. submitted to competition. For further particulars. see advertisement in another column. Saturday next, 21st inst, Mr. R. D. M'Kay will sell by public auptipn, at the Royal.Oak Hotel, Kilmore, at one o'clock p.m,, Mr. John Morrison's farm of 349 acres, situated on the Sugarloaf Creek;: also, on the slt of May, on the premises,. Sugarloaf Creek, Glenaroua, the. whole of Mr. Alexander Morrison's stock of Dairy cattle, draughl horses, implements, &c.; On. Tuesday, the 24th instant, a local land board will sit. at the Court .H ouse Kiil more. Aspecial meetingof the Board of Manage ment of the Kilmore Hospital will be held at the Council Ohambers.-Kilmore, on Tues day evening next, for the purpose.of con sidering the report submitted. by the sub committee appoipted tobsuggest means, for reducing the genpral' expnditure. of the In stitution, which report rec 't amends :--"1. .That the Board endeavou n o obtain honor ary medical attendance as.in former years; saving £,R0, 2: That thp offices of House Steward and Wardsman be combined; say ing £30. 4. That the Board.get one of its members or some other person to act as honprary secretary; saving. £1~."' On the motion, of.Mr, Hunt, seconded by Mr, Bes sence, the report was referred to. a special meeting to. be held on. Tuesday, 24th inst The anniversary sermons of the Church of England, Broadford, will be preached on .Sunday next, by, the Rev. 0. T Perks, in the afternoon at three, aud'evening at seven. On Monday, following.the annual.lteamoeet ing. will be held in the state school, at six o'clock, p.m, to,he followed by a public meeting, to-be addressed by the Revs. .: T. Perks, A. .Brazier, R. Hunter, and other Ministers and gentlemen. and will be inter spersed: with: several selections, of sacred music. Tenders. will be received-bv the 'Rit?afion \- .- .. -., Luioourne, up to.one o'clock p.m., on Tuesday, 24th April, for the erec tiou of wooden buildings at Moranding (Kilmore and feathcpto Road) and at Forbes, At the Kilmore P,,liceCOourt on Thursday, Mr. John Holmes. P..M., on the Bench, there was.an u!usutally heavy calendar, and the business, was not finished till four o'clock in the aftern.oon, A report of the proceed ings wrilibe foundin. our fourth.page. On Friday evening a quatdrille assembly was held-'at the Mechauics' Inhtitute, Kil more, when. there was about 25 couples.pre sent, and dancing kgpt. up with spirit, to the lively, strains of the flute,., efficiently performed:upon by Mr. D. Reid. At the last ordinary meeting, of thg. Kiil more Shire Council, held at the Council Chambers, on Monday, 9th. April, Cr. ! M'Nabgavenotice.of-his intentionof moving at next meeting that the resolution arrived at, appointing a Secretary and Engineer of, the shire of Kilmore, be resciuded,,a?a cou tingent upon that being carried, that one officer, be.appointed:to fill the offiees.of Sec retary, and. Engineer at a. salary of £200 per. annum. The next ordinary meeting will be.held on,Monday. afternoon, when.in addition to the dealing.with.correspondence and pssing of. accounts, the. above resolu tion will be conaidere.d, with, what rpsult, time will tell. An ordinary. monthly, meeting. of, the Merria.ng Shire Council will be held at the Shire Office, Beveridge, on Tuesday, next, at the usual hour, when, all ordinary_ busi ness will be transacted. The places.recommended as p.lling places for, the. Electoral district of Kilmore. and Angleaey are as follows :-Kilmore,. Mpran ding, Wandong, Broadford, Reedy Creek, Tallarook, M augalore,(M'Nally's gravel pi.ts) Alexandra, Gpobur, Doon, Yea, Taggerty, i Acheron, Thornton, Marysville, Ygrck. The sittings of the Central Criminal Court for April.were commenced on Monday, be fore his.honor Mr. Justice Molesworth, F.CO. Kitts, convicted in December last for forgery, but.in whose.favour a point-had. been. re served whichthe Court decided against him, was sentenced 'to nine monthes' imprisonment. Ebenpzer. Griffiths, a youth- of about 19, pleaded guilty, to.forging his .mother's name to consent to his. marriage, and. wag re mande.d for sentence. Sar Kassun a Lassar, was. charged with stealing some, clothes and other.property from his employer, a.Hindoo doctor, of medicine, named Bixon Mohabeer, but. aathpre w^ssome doubt whether he had intended:to commit the.. larceny, he..was ac quitted: Leah;Rowan, ai. woman. about 27 years of age, was. charged with bigamy, in having, m.arrie.d one.W.. . Sullivan in 1876, when. he. first. husband, Thomas Rowan, was. aliye, The defence was: that Rowan had!ill-treated her, and. that she.had, left him,. and at, his inatigatipn, had sworn never to have.anvthinf more.to do.with him. and further thatshp had, been,tpld by two of his imates that h. wa&. deep.- She was .found guilty, and waa.sente.ced to two years' im prisonment. Her mQther, R~phael. arlow, was tried for aiding. ana a4bettipg, in, the bigamy, but the evidence against her was n4t: suffcient, and ahe was acquitted. For the past few weeks the Kilmore Band has found it very inconvenient having no regular place of meeting wherein to prac- tice, but notwithstanding this drawback some of the junior members appear to be but little daunted, as for several weeks past they have been practising two and some- times three nights during the week at Mr. Biddle's residence, where they are progress- ing very favorably. On Monday evening last, the bandmaster introduced a new piece (which we had the pleasure of hearing) and after a very few attempts they were able to play it very nicely. Mr. Biddle deserves to be complimented on the pains he has taken with the boys in instructing them and for the proficiency they have attained in so short a time. ' A telegram, from, Murchison, dated Monr day, states:-A, man namrpd Henry Bodell, surveyor's labourer in Mr. Martin's. Gpul burn Yalley camp, Murchison, commijtted suicide this. mprning by lipgipg, himself from, the ridgepole of his. tent by. a, adldle strap, An, inquest, was. hpld; before. Dr. Sleiley, of Rushworth, whpn,,it w.ap.aduped, in evidence.that, d9ceased hd,been, wgnder ing in his mind.on. Sunday, and a,verdictof Ssuicide while insape was rsturned; Deceased was about 836years of age a,native of Derby, England, and,leaves.a wife.and famnly, w'ho are living ip M;Killop-street, Gpelong. A, pleasant social gathering, of, the chil dren andparents, together with.,a number of friends,.was.held at the State. School Glena roua. on Monday, the 9th,ingt., the weather, though, warm,. ,as. of- a most, enjoyable character, such as itivitedaall to move freely, about the school ground. The spread, was upon the.grass, under the shade.of- trees, and was partaken,of by,all, young and old, with genuing zest. The. good things. wpre abundant and of excellent quality, and mirth. and gop hupaour appeared: to. animate. all; the exuberance of genial and friendly, feel ing found. vent in the usual a~usements which can readily be improvised by a n~pl; bar of. friends determined for .th9 time to drive dull care apay, these wpre occasion ally.v-aried-by the pupils singing.,together several pieces of musig, som oefwhich, with, the able assistance and guidance.o( their respected tealher,. Mr. J'r Phelan,. wrp indeed creditably suing. After a sumptuoue tea, served with genuine Glenaroua frank. ness and civility, dancing was commenced, and which, relieved occasionally by some ex cellent singing, was kept up with unflagging. zeal, until daylight broke up, one . of the happiest of the many gatherigs .which have been h9ld here.. The Kilmore Coursing Club. purposes running an eight-dog match on the24th May. Many of the farmers in the district have kindly promised to protect the game in order that it may be sufficiently plentiful to run off the match in one day, and it is to be hoped the general public will also assist in the direction indicated, by avoiding the shooting or wholesale destruction of hares. Oa Wednesday. evening next. a, public temperance meeting.. will be. held in the Primitive Methodist Church, Broadford, and will consist of part-songs, &o.; by. th. tem-, perance choir, and adiresses by the Revs. H. Richardson, (of Talbot) S. Richards arid others- chair to be taken, at: seven o'plock sharp by.R. Crane, Esq. We are informed that the Police quarters, Pyalong, will be a olline-nlace for tihe nAvt eiectln or iainou sie.. SWe are requested by the Hon. Sec..to state .that the Tallarook Cricket Match, which was to have taken place on Saturday next, is ad journed until next season,, owing to a..num ber of.players,being unable to get away. Sorme idea, says the M: A., Mail, may be formed of the exti'eme drynsss of the pre sent season,from the fact that two extensive bushfires were raging in this neighborhood on Sunday last;, one in. the direction of Barfold and the other near Muokleford, This is rather extraordinary, copnidering the advanced season. A laughable scene, the Geolony Advertiser repQrts,. -occurred, in, M'Kihllop-street on Sunday.forenoon., A-. tenant of a house .in that street, arid in arrear. with hiq rent, de cided-on observing his landlord goitg. to church-to steal away without . paying up. He got out all the furniture, and placed the household goods on a, vacant ,allotment., A., conveyance for, the remqval of the furniture could hot be obtained, and the landlord on returning from church, discovered the at tempt that had been .made to cheat.him, out of his rent. Arow took, place between the. parties,, which ended in the would-be run-away being bundled with the furniture back into the house, and. the.re..looked, up uptil Monday morning. The House Steward of :the Kilmore. Hos pital, reports,as.follows for the week ending 18th April,: 18977- Patients remaining, in Hospitfl:--Males, 15; Females, 2; Total, 17, - The people of Wandong, wil.l doubtlesa be glad to see.theit.old friend the Rev. H. Richardson, (of Talbot). We. understand the gentleman above referred to,.is to preach. the first avuiversarya.sermons,, of. the Primi tire Methodist Church, at that place, on. Sunday, next. Atea. meeting-.w.l be hqld on the Tuesday following, ~when, addresses are .expected from the RIev. H. Richar.dso,, S.. Richards, and other gentlemen., We are requested by the President of-the local Mechniics' Institute, .to state that the, following series of lectures will be given in. connection with that institution .dur,ing the winter months ;-Mr. J. Holmes---Marriage Relatiooship;. Mr. 0. Collyer-A-p hour with Livingston in .Central Africa; . r. M. Heath--Music; Mr. J., Taylor-Life Assurance ;,-Mr.J. Warren- -An HOiur Be hind the Footligh.ts;. Rev, A. W;0Cresswell-_ Geology; R Hunter-(subject not yet an nounced); Mr. T. Hunt M.L.A.-(subject. nt .yet. announced); President-Our Gar den. , For some years past a.market-gardener named Dunstari,, residing close to the Pent ridge stockade,. has .complained to .th Penal apthorijes.that a portion,of his ground is bbingyearly wpshed away by floods in the' Mprrhi, greek, This .destruction to his.pro-. perty, he..alleges, is caused principally by 'the forpe,of.the.current beiog. turned, fromr its naturalicourse by.a wall enclosing a wil 'Inw nni~~l/lh nn (*ln nnnna5('n ci'rlo nf tli creek; belonging to the Penal. department. From.representatiQnomde to the Govern mentat the time thea I aMr.Fairie w i nspeo tor-general, instraotion:w.ere. given that an embankment shpuldpbe.constructed by, con viot labour,. For some time a gang of 'prisonqerswas employed at the work,, and it was thought suffcien.t wits done to prevent any further.damAage by floods to Mr. Dun-. stan's property. It appearse Mr. Dunstan. has again xenewed his, appUcatipn, to, the t Government for a aimilair, purpose, and, on Saturday. the. Hon, Jiamea. '-Pher,san paid a visit to. the place, and- subsequently. had an intervipw wi.th Mr. Rpbert Gardinr, the f superintendent. It is not known. what action wJl bo..taken,in the matter, but it is c stated that a repjrt of the case is likely to. be sent to, the Gpverp nlent for c.oPseiderp htion. During, the last. day or. two a number.. of dogs have been.poisoned.at Heidleburg, and it is stated;that some of them, were. very, 'valuable.animnals: A~gentleman.residing at .Ropsapa hap losta.spaniel and'a cattle dog;. theseppiel wapa.great, favourite. with. the family, and the cattle .dog wae so useful that. the owner,.dgclarpd he would not have taken £25;for,.it, He.adds.that, after the death of the dogs, he found a.piece of poisoned 'meat. within a,very short,distance of his. house,. and:within.a, few yards, of. his. pig. and 1 poultry, sheds, Other.. p.erions state., that. poison,has been found within a. few. yards. of houses in which.fapnilies. of young chil-. dren,are.growing up, There is:a.good deal 1 of local,expitement in, cpnnexion, with, this snatter,. Politicalniniuence iaTaemania, it seems,. can accomplish. some hard, things. The Launcsston. Examiner .e says.:--About twelve., or eighteen, months, ago there. was. some,. scandal in one of our country .districts, oc-. casioned: by, the, conduct of, the. master. of, the public school, a.marriod; man,. with a. young.family, and .a,nice wife.. He had con tractedian improper intimacy with a young woman,of.the neighbourhood, and when the usual consequgnqes. followed he thought it advisable to clear. out, Having. influential friends in,Hobart.Town, he easily obtained promotion to another school, and the,. affair, seemed to have..blown over. Shortly. after wards, however, the- circumstances'came. to the. knugledge. of; one, who., had strong. opinions .of his own. as to the .standard of, morality. that.ought to ,be required in a pub-. lie .teacher,. and he demanded an inyestiga-. tion, which. was. accordingly held. There. being no defence, the result was. the dis missal. of the teacher, by the Board of Edu cation. Some inquiry.having:been recently, made aq to what had become of this. indi-. vidual, it was. elicited that.he wasa shortly, re-instated in public service, and is now in charge of a highly important.school, having.. been,, on the whole, a gainer by the trans action., The names of a well-known politi cal agent in Hobart Town, and of a member. of the Board of Education, are spoken of as the "influential persons " 'whq managed the affair.. Considerable amusement. was. caused in the Collingwood Police Court yesterday by the conduct of a marine store dealer named Coffey. He had been fined £5 by the Bench f for a breach of the Marine Store Dealers' Act, and Mr. M.tKean, on his behalf, gave. notice of appeal. About 10 .minuets. after, wards the defendant re-entered the Court, 1 and pushed a roll of notes over.to the clerk. of the court.. The Police Magistrate. notic ing this,. said to him, " What are you..pay ing your fine for ?. Your lawyer has given notice of. appeal agaipst it." - Coffee looked up, with a cunning leer in his eye, and said, ".He wants to.get some more money,.out of t, t, i-m nou onu. Iu., quite satisfied with having to pay £5'" The court;roared. with laughter, and there was. a generally. s expressed opinion that Coffey showed good sound sense in getting out of thq lawyer.'s hands.as soon as possible. Applications for grants have been.approved as fol. Slows:-Kenneth MT.Leod,, 18a 3r .28. Moranding. Paul Cleary, 80a Pyalong; Philip Dwyer, 17a 2r 10p ; Chintin.; Frederick Weeland, 80a 2r 37p. Pyalong; Robert Bassett, 20a, .Goldie.; and Robert Bassett, 16a lr 24p. Goldie. SThe extent of Abraham Vickery's holding Glena roua,, has been amended, original extent, 38a 2r.; amended extent, 49' acres. Leases for the following persons are gazetted ap. proved viz :--Richard Jaqk, Wallan Wallan; Andrqw Mqoodie, Goldie; John Murphy, Pyalong; Patrick Hayes, Glenaroua; John Canty, Pyalong; James Mloore, Glenaroua; Wmin. Dunne, Glenaroua; G.: Wlsjcq junr,. Bylands i Jqht,, Pavey..Moran. ding.. AN AwLY or NATURz.-All attemptgto force nature react injuriously upon the system..' Medical treat. ment, to be. successful, should :be auxiliary and not compulsory. The cures of.nervousness, debility, in digestion, insomnia,.hypochondria,,uteriie disorders, kidney and bladder difficulties, rheumatism,, and o; all affections of the sensitive organs brought about by UNDOLPH. WOLE's . SCHIEDAM ,AROMATIC SCHNAPPS andattributable to the fact that it is a potpntially. but never ~.,vioent qo elle?r .of.nature. 