hex wood. n bom om own ooBBEsronoam) FrtiruarrSS. The sale of cattle which was to have taken place today has, owing to aome law point, been post poned; in fuel, rvmxrks were loudly mxdc tiixt tbe cattle would never pass from their present owner. There were several cattie-buyera present, who were greatly disappointed, and ebonld tbe sale ever take plaee, each (rood prices are not likely to be realised, a folk don't much like toxTelVSng to be made fools ot Wesee Hamilton Is to have tbe rail way line opened as far as Glen Thomson. Why not open it from Portland to Condsh "I This wotud render the coach journey a ehort one, and give as our mailt several boors earlier. Tour people eeem to be epbe ahead again. A town like yonro can eadly afford gas, and if a few of tbe Shops and atom start It. the others areboend to follow. Tbelatge railway station at Hamilton will consumes good 'deal, so that the undertaking lseaTetopay. You mentioned in one of your late dumber that Ballarat Is taklngnptoe question of canaiE. When one reflects on tbe matter, and remembers that this Is a land subject to drench ts. it is a wonder that Government don't take the matter up. The fact is that some.of ithe dqartineuti ; are so narrow- minded as to wish to keep everything to them selves, and eo fearful ar anyttdng like new blood being introduced, which XnlgEt .curtail their own private advantages, (bat they .at jmoe threw odd wafer an anything that does not Immediately ac crue to their own private Interests. Why. tbe half- cirilised nations of old bad more common sense than the Ylrtoriana of the present day. Look at Egypt, Assyria, India, and China— the vaat tanks flakes we might rail thexnj that are now In exis tence, giTing Hie and food to -millions. Even the many water -tanks that are in decay, bet which the Governments of the above coon tries are now reno- vating. wfil cause tbe laud to Bow wltb "milk and honey." snd yet the nairow- mlnded politicians of "Victoria refuse to do anything in s matter which affects tbe very existence or non-existence of a third or tbe area of tbe colony. Tbe squatters, selectors, farmers— aye. everyone — Aorta adopt " waier-snpply " as the watchword, and then the "land would yield her increase,- 'trope wonld pay. flocks and herds would cesse dying by -bandied, bush-fires would rarely occur, sea a sturdy yen-., msnry wotMroremdoviufheDnd-TBlt yeomanry baa rendered Engiiuid what she Jaat tbe present day, for without , a middle-class popalstioe no eouatre can prosper. " - - - Messrs. O'Connor and Hose, of Portland, started adrapery store berea dayor twosgo. I wish then -every success. Everything InVSaaM plane that serves to Increase ft ought to be for Its benefit. Nothing else remarkable is occurring here. The cricketers seem to hare sank into oblivion. Some times one seess few st a gajne,flt qntdis in the evening, but nothing more stirring. Fish have made their way up pretty often lately, fait as for. Wheat Is dsEy coming down in coiwiSaablc quantities, as also is bark. Great Mads or deroero come teeming in twice or three times a week. Once theaailway open these will be tbiaesot tbe past, and the little township wfll be scarcely If vdirrchaii rile forest. If can sis instead of rail ways ran tbrooeh onr townships, what pleaaaree as well as1 utility, they wonld otmf ex. Baibisg. besttug, nd fisbing ' cotud be Indulged in, vridlstinurb man. tike bim ' of tbe Pilgrim s Erogiess. migS go to ped with a clean skin, instead of io a " law I am si " as jit '"'QerelB name talk ot a telegraph office befog opened here. We heartily iHsoTttd if Eramr- ftSreafl.Condab oan afoxdbrabebbsnk, why. caaaot HeywoodT MaCfttUIHkluqad «t fiwnxboha and the VIctnrtaatFenabarst,iwiiy chocld not Ibe Nattonal make a start Mere ? " -Rein again to-day; "Mo "doubt a Wearing to tbe graziers. ' 