SEASON AND CROPS. In tbe metropolitan district the atmosphere, after the few days of lght rain at the beginn'ng of last week, cleared up and the heat gradually increased. This week the sultriness of the days has been excessive, and the nights brought very little change. If there is any virtue in the data of past observations the rainfall should be augmented during the present and next succeeding two months, and seeing that up to this period of Februaty it has been very slight, the balance might come in the fortnight remaining. The pas ture lands now look rather bare, but vegetation in general preserves a pretty fresh appearance as compared with its usual aspect in the last month of summer. The season is not unsuited to the work now due on cultivated lands, and farmers continue to sow roots and Cape bariey. Some are ploughing for wheat, others are engaged unearthing pota toes. Abundance of excellent fruit is now coining into market; the table varieties of grape are especially fine as well as plentiful. Southern Districts. From Albury it is repotted by the Post of the 7th instant : The disastrous effects of the prolonged drought are be ginning to show. The grass is everywhere rapidly dis appearing, the tare earth showing, cracked and yawning. Water has almost entirely gone, the creeks have long since stopped running, and the river is exceedingly low. The heat is again intense, and murky clouds of smoke and dust hangover the towns of Albury and Wodonga, enveloping them like a pall. In the distant horizon nothing can be seen but smoke, which warrants the assertion that bush fires predominate; indeed, to our knowledge, fires have been raging on the Mittaand down the river, on the Vic torian side, for the past week. Stock of all description are getting desperately low in condition. The owners are willing to sell for next to nothing, for we hear of cattle being got rid of at 30s. per head, and sheep at Is. 6d., and those who would be buyeis have not grass, and for that simple reason will not purchase. Many have been ' hop'ng against hope' for rain, but it seems further off than. ever. The Courier of the 9th states that at Yass the weather con tinues sultry. There are no signs of rain, and complaints of soarcity of water and absence of grass reach us from all quarters. The lasses of the pastoral teuants this ye»r will be very great. At Shoalhaven, according^ to the News of Saturday, the locality is still in want of rain, for although the atmosphere generally has bespoken rain, still none has descended. The roads are most unpleasantly dusty, and tanks and wells ' awfully' dry, or nearly so. We learn from Tumut by the Times of the 9th that heat and drought still continue, and the prospect of the muoh required downpour of rain seems as far off as ever. As we have before mentioned, in this favoured district the dry weather has not affected either the wheat ur corn crops, both of which look exceedingly well. Intelligence f oiu Goulburn by the Herald of Saturday represents that the continued dry weather is causing soine anxiety in this and other districts, as vegetation of all kinds is fast disappear ing, and unless we soon have a good fall of rain the pros pects of the coming winter will be anything but pleasant to stocltowners. While we are in want of rain hers, pastoralists in the interior are in a far worse state as regards feed and water for the sustenance of their stock. The weather in town during the week has been tolerably cool for this season, but no appearance of rain. At Gundagai (says the Times of the yih), during Tuesday the heat was very intense and the atmosphere close and oppressive ; the hills about were surrounded in smoke, giving evidence of bush fires. At night the sky in the direction of Brungle was quite illuminated by the reflection of fires, which during the night burnt fiercely in that dires tion. Although the glass ranges pretty high during the day, the nights are delightfully cool, a nice breeze springing up soon after sunset. The news fiom Burrangong by the Argus of Saturday' is to the effect that the weather during the past week has been unfavourable to all classes. On account of the extreme drought the little fruit that is offered for sale in the market is of an inferior quality. The universal desire appears to be for rain, and unless we get this very soon, the approaching winter will be one of great severity. The rain should come before the frost sets in, so that grass may have a chance to spring. The Gegedzerick correspondent of the Hanaro Mercury on th? 7th writes that during the previous few days the district has had sweltering summer heats, and the grass is scorched. The farmers have had splendid weather for harvesting, and nearly all the hay and grain crops are cut ani seeuied. Mr. W. Barker, of Biggar, has commenced work with his Royal Agricultural Society of England's first prize thresbing-maobine. This practical wheat-tester rarely exemplifies the old aphorism, ''that facts are cbiels that vinna ding.' The seend wheat stack which it threshed this season yielded 39£ bushels per acre, and the white oats at the rate of 10 J bushels per acre. This speaks volumes for the growing capabilit:es of soil along the Gegedzerick Creek. The Messrs. Miners, Brothers, have also started with their machine at Mr. Bowman's, Turbo. Western Districts. The Bathurst Times of Saturday observes that com plaints of the want of rain come from different quarters. Many of our exchanges also have the' same tale to tell. The drought — for such it has really become — is proving most serious in its effects. Starved sheep are travelling from their usual homes in search of grass and water, both of which are but scantily to be met with, and we hear accounts of homed stock dying invarious localities by the hundred. At Bathurst the heat is distressing, and great fears are entertained that the early frosts will set in before rain comes. The town gardens, most of them, are utterly useless for raiting vegetables. The Chinamen, who make a business of regularly irrigating their vegetable . patches, are the only dependence we have for supplies in this line ; and even they are only succeeding to a limited extent. At Molong, according to the Express of the 9th, the weather still remains sultry and very dry. A change is alirost everywhere anxiously looked for, and would prove most welcome. The nights are cool, sometimes cold, but still very sullen — not a drop of dew falling. Wo hear of a frost having occuried in Bathurst last week; possibly the precurs r of an early winter, in which case ? attle and sheep would die by thousands : for in such a case there would be no chance of winter gras3. Around Molong the corn is beginning to suffer ; crops which a fortnight ago promised an abundant yield are now drooping and witheiing away with the cobs only half-formed. Almost every day there are signs of rain, but the welcome realization is as often deferred. From Orange we learn, by the Advocate of Saturday, that the weather continues dis tressingly dry, and although the state of the atmospheie and- appearance of the clouds frequently indicate the appicach of n u h-needed ra'n, our hopes are as often doomed to be disappointed. From all directions through out the western portions of the colony, we continue to rereive dismal news of drought and stock travelling, ofien in vain, in search of food and water. In one instance we have heard of 4000 sheep dying in a fortnight, and unless we are soon enabled to report a fa vourable change in the weather, great mortality amongst live stock must we fear ensue. News from Parkes by the Gazette of Saturday is to the effect that the days have been warm and the nights close and oppressive. The sky has been almost cloudless, except now and then when some fleecy cloud, born by an upper current of air, would drift lazily along. Everywhere in the district people are wishing for rain, so that the now almo-t grassless ground may be refreshed, and yield herbage for the beasts of the field. Everything which should be green looks parched and withered, and silently speaks of lack of moisture. It is to be bof ed that, ere long, grateful showers, or, what :s better, af»w days' continuous rain, will descend, so that the vege tal ion arolind us ir.ay be restored to its wonted freshness. The Blayncy correspondent of the Bathurst F: ce Pica on the 8 th writes that everything has a very dreary appearance, the grass i3 burnt up and feed is becom .n? very scarce ; cattle are fast falling off in condition, and if it were not for the good supply of water in the Belubula would soon perish. There are thousands of sheep travelling in the neighbour hood, consuming what little grass there maybe in the bush. There is very little hope of even a fair potato crop unless we have a copious supply of rain soon, and unless a really heavy fall of the necessary fluid comes shortly there will bd fear; ill losses in the coming winter among the stock in this locality. To-day (Thursday) we had a shower of ran eccompanied with vivid lightning and thunder ; but ths fall of rain was slight, and nothing 6hortof two or three days' good soaking rain will meet the requirements of this locality. Northern Districts. At Singleton, according to the Argus of Sat ur lay, there is still no rain, and, conssquently, complaints are to ba heard on all sides, both as to present condition and future prospects of stock and pasturage. The want of water in some places — noticeibly in the Bridgman district — is state! to be alarming, not only cattle being without it, but the dsma dry, and owners compelled to make any shift for their supply. A good downpour, though earnestly longed for, seems as far off as ever; the clouds, after yielding one or two showeis, having renewed their summer-like appearance. From Uralla we learn by the Times of Saturday that the weather during the past few days has been fine, but rather cool lor summer. Abundance of feed is everywhere to be met with,andstock of all kindsexhibit marked improvement. The l\mes of Saturday states that the Manning River district has had a few showers of rain during the last fortnight, sufficient for the growing crops on the cultivation lands, but quite insufficient for the herbage on the forest lands, or for putting a supply of water in our tanks and wells. As the weather looks somewhat unsettled, a further instalment may be expected at no very distant date. We believe that some of the surrounding and outlying districts have been blessed with a fair supply. On the whole the season has been a favourable one, and we have good reason to feel sin cerely thankful . The Port Macquarie oorre sponlent on the 7th writes that the locality has had some nice rain, and there is just now a prospect of more ; the only fear is we may get too much, which would dojharm to the grape crop, which is nearly fit for picking. In fact, in some favoured localities, some parties have already made a beginning, but these are exceptional cases. At Tinonee the crops look well, owing to the seasonable showers we have had lately, and if we are spared the disaster of a flood this season there is every prospect of a good harvest. 