OUR LETTER HOME. ? « ? Inquirer and Commercial Kews Office, Perth, W.A., October 27, 1877. Ik political matters we have nothing to record since our last. Gubernatorial business pursues its usual placid course, and several of the beads of departments have taken the opportunity of combining pleasure aud business in a rural trip. The Colonial Secretary, accompanied by the Speaker of the Legislative Council, is on a tour through tbe Eastern districts, visiting the annual shows of the Agricultural Societies, while tbe Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands has just returned from a visit to Champion Bay. Mr. J. G. Lee Steere has announced his intention of explaining his action at the late session to his constituents at Bunbury. No other members have yet adopted this course, save Sir Thos. Campbell, and possibly some of them have good reasons for not undertaking that difficult matter. Until the arrival of certain important despatches from the Imperial Government matters political will remain dormant. His Excellency Sir William Robinson has forwarded to Mr. W. Pearce Clifton, the Resident Magistrate at Bunbury, the following reply to the address to His Excellency from the settlers of the Southern districts, dated from Government House, Sydney, 1st October : — ' My dear Sir, — I wish to express through you to the people of the Bunbury District my warm thanks for the farewell address which they kindly sent off to the steamer as I passed, and my regret that the inconvenient time at which the steamer arrived at Bunbury should have deprived me of the pleasure of personally receiving and replying to the address. To the people of the Southern Districts I am indebted for much kindness and support. They have ever been ready to place a favorable construction on my proceedings, and £ can assure you that I am exceedingly gratified at the terms in which they have now been so good as to refer to my admin istration. Some of my happiest days in Western Australia -were spent in tbe Southern Districts. I felt that I was there among friends, and I shall always remember with gratitude the hospitality extended to me by your people. With my earnest wishes for their welfare, and renewed thanks for many kindnesses received, — I remain, dear sir, faithfully yours, Wm,tMi C. F. Robinson.' — We learnt by the last mail of His Excel lency's safe arrival at Port Adelaide, aud his subsequent departure, on the same day, for Melbourne. Arrived at Melbourne His Excellency and Lady Robinson and suite were driven to Government House, and became the gnests of Sir George and Lady Bo wen. After spending about ten days in Melbourne, where His Excellency had an opportunity of conferring with Sir William Jervois, Sir William and Lady Robinson left by special train for Wodonga, en route for Sydney, where His Excellency became the guest of his brother, Sir Hercules, who, it may be added, he had not seen for the last sixteen years. His; Excellency and patty left Sydney for Singapore, we understand, by the E.iA. Co.'s steamer Bowen, on the 6th October. A telegram was received from Mr. Ernest Howard a* the Weld Club by tha express from Eucla ou Monday, announcing the arrival of the vessel at Cooktown, in northern Queensland. Oar new Governor, Sir Harry Ord, is expected to arrive by the next maQ, and preparations are in train for his reception. If his welcome is at all on an equality with the farewell given to his predecessor, Sir William Robinson, he cannot fail to form a good impression of the people under his new administration. There is at present some little stir in connection with public works. The section of the Geraldton Railway lately opened is working satisfactorily, and considerable quantities of lead ore and wool have been conveyed from inland to the Northern port. The agitation in regard to the line from Fremantle to the Eastern Districts via Perth and Guildford is unabated, and various offers have been put forward for its construction. The promoters of the Floating Dock at Fre mantle seem intent not to let the matter fall through, as so many other important works have. An influential Directory has been formed, and measures are already being taken to secure the requisite timber and pumping machinery, and it is to be hoped the undertaking will be pushed on as rapidly as possible The Eucla Telegraph line, which is to put us in direct communication with Adelaide and the outer world, is rapidly advancing towards completion, and will be finished by about the end of the year. For some time past we have received weekly budgets of news, and numerous business and private messages hare passed through here and the other colonies ; the gap not completed in the line being traversed by a horse express, and messages ace conveyed each way weekly. The South Australian Government are assisting in the construction of the remaining portion of our side of the line, and this will tend to effect a junction between our borders more rapidly. Great difficulties have been experienced in forwarding supplies to those engaged iu this arduous work, carting, in some places, having to be done a hundred miles. There seems, however, every prospect that the undertaking will amply repay its trouble and cost. In regard to cable communication the following telegram has been transmitted to the Post Office depar intnent here from Adelaide : — ' Colonel E. S. Glover, Managing Director of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company, is appointed to visit Australia to endeavour to arrange for the duplication of the present submarine telegraphic communica tion with Singapore. He leaves London in November, if duplication is agreed upon. It is proposed to give him an important privilege to the press generally, with largely reduced rates for messages in intelligible language.' A further telegram also states that Capt. Audley Coote left England last month to make arrangements for a duplicate ctble to Australia. It would therefore seem that our Empire of the South will lack nothing as regards instantaneous communication with the rest of the world. It is to be regretted that we cannot give equally pleasing intelligence as regards steam communication. There seems no probability that the oner to pnt on steamers between here and the Eastern Colonies will be taken up ; and more than this, the present sole steamer on our coast seems fated, through the action of the Legislature, to leave us early next year. A telegram received states that Captain Audley Coote, in addition to bis telegraphic business, has partly arranged for a steam mail service between Perth and Singapore; and a rumour is abroad that he contemplates establishing a monthly service between Melbourne and the Straits, embracing the ports of this colony. Should he succeed in completing this arrangement, though it is unques tionably not so desirable as that to the Eastern Colonies proposed by Messrs. Liny & Co., yet it may form a nucleus for more extensive steam traffic than we have hitherto enjoyed. It seems probable that the arrangement referred to is that in connection with the Banda Company, whose offer was laid before the Legislative Council, and approved of last session. This company made a proposition for bi-monthly communication between here and the Straits Settlements for a subsidy of £4,000 per juinnm. This offer was approved, out in the opinion of the House seemed too liberal to be genuine, and a sum of £6,000 was placed at the discretionary disposal of the Government It seems that we shall have the honor of a niche, however small, at the Paris Exhi bition. Among onr exhibits will be that of our world-famed timber, our numerous and rich mineral and geological specimens, sericulture in its various stages, and other articles, with probably some specimens of the rich auriferous quartz found lately at Roebourne, on the North-vrest coast. We understand that the Hon. A. O'G. Lefroy (Colonial Treasurer) will represent tbe colony at the Exhibition, and being thoroughly acquainted with the colony, will find little difficulty in undertaking this responsible commission. The Right Rev. Dr. Parry, Bishop of Perth, has already early iu his new career adopted the exc silent course of visiting the various parishes under his charge — by no means an easy task in our scattered districts. He left Fre mantle in the steamer Rob Roy at noon on thp 26th of September, for tbe Cbam pion Bay District. He reached Geraldton the next day at 4 p.m., and was driven, on landing, to the Parsonage, by the Rev. H. Laureuce, Incumbent of Geraldton. The next afternoon he had the opportunity of meeting, at the Parsonage, the Vestry, Choir, and Sunday School teachers of the Parish, and conferring with them on matters of Church work. On Sunday, the 30th, the Bishop preached, both morning and evening, in the Parish Church of Geraldton, and held a Confirmation iu the afternoon, at which 29 persons (of whom eleven were lads aud men) were confirmed. On Mouday, Oct. 1st, he proceeded, accompauied by the Rev. Henry and Mrs. Laurence, to Tibraddeu, Jlr. John Sydney Davis' station. The afternoon tras spent in visiting Mr. Davis' shearing-sheds and folds; and in the evening, Mr. Davis having assembled all his shepherds and shearers, full evening service (with a short address from the Bishop) was celebrated in his house. The next -lay the Bishop and his party proceeded to Greenough, stopping on their way to dine at Glengarry with Mr. aud Mrs. Major, and that same evening attended a tea-meeting and concert given as a welcome to him iu the Good Templars' HalL Wednesday, the 3rd October, was spent at the Greenough. On the 4th the Bishop proceeded to Dongarra, accompanied by the Rev. J. Allen, where he was received at the bouse of Mr. S. F. Moore, and in the evening attended a meeting of tbe Parishioners in the School house. The next day the Bishop, under Mr. Moore's guidance, visited Mr. Fane's and Mr. Ridley's stations on the Irwin ; and in the evening held a Confirmation in the Schoolroom at Dongarra, at which 7 girls and 4 lads were confirmed. Ou Saturday, the 6th, the Bishop returned, with the Rev. J. Alien, to Greenough, after first visiting the new Cemetery at Dongarra. On Sunday, tbe 7th, tbe Bishop preached in the morning at the North Schoolroom, held a Confirmation in the Church (at South end) iu tbe after noon, and preached again in the evening in the Central Schoolroom ; the numbers confirmed being 12 nieu and boys, and 12 girls and women. The next day was occupied in visiting, etc., on the Greenougb, and on Tuesday, the 9th, the Bishop returned to Geraldton, where he was entertained in the eveniug at a very successful tea-meeting and concert iu the Mechanics' Institute. On Thursday, the 11th, the Bishop proceeded, accompanied by tbe Rev. EL Laurence, to the Narra Tarra Mines, where he received a welcome from Mr. Sutherland, the Secretary of the Company. Divine Service was held in the evening in the ore- shed, at which a Luge number of the miners and their families were present. Tbe next morning the Bishop was shown thoroughly over the mines by Mr. Alex. Ingleton, tbe Captain of the mines, and in the course of the day proceeded to the Bowes, tbe residence of Mr. T. Burges. Saturday, the 13th, was spent in going over tbe Northampton District, and visiting the Church and Church lands and proposed Cemetery, as well as the mines, under the guidance of Mr. Burges. On Sunday, the 14th, the Bishop preached in the morning, and held a Confirmation in the Church (used at present in common by the members of the Church and the Wesleyaus) ; the number confirmed being 10 men and boys aud 8 girls. Evening Service was held in Mr. Burges' bouse. On the loth the Bishop, accompanied by Mr. Laurence, proceeded as far as the residence of Mr. Sewell, and thence to Mr. Locke Surges', where an evening service was held for Mr. Burges' men and a few neighbors; and on the following day he returned to Geraldton, where the next two days were spent. On tbe morning of Friday, the 19th, the Bishop left in the steamer Rob Roy, and reached Perth safely on the evening of the 20th. His Lordship, who has been every where well received, purposes shortly visit ing the Eastern districts, whence he wilS proceed to Buubury and the other districts south of Perth. The building fund of tbe new Cathedral is proceeding rather slowly, but we have no doubt tbe energy of the committee will bring success to their efforts. An old publication, the Church of England Magazine, has been revived under the title of St. George's Journal. In consequence of the Vestry of St. George's Cathedral passiug a resolution de precating the engagement of the Assistant Chaplain, the Rev. Frauk Coghlaii, in any other than parochial work, that gentle man has tendered bis resignation. As sistant Chaplains appear to tread on rather slippery ground here. The Rev. Joseph Johuston, Pastor of the Johnston Memorial (Congregational) Church, Fre mantle, is on a visit to the Northern districts, and his ministerial duties are being temporarily performed by the Rev. T. G. Rose, Pastor of Trinity Congrega tional Church, Perth. The Rev. Win. Lowe, Superintendent of the Wesleyan Circuit, has undertaken a visit to York. The annual meeting in aid of Wesleyan Missions has been held in Perth during the month, and, as usual, was a great success. The Roman Catholics are agitating for a new schoolroom, much wanted. His Lordship the Bishop (Dr. Griver) has given a building site, aud the children of Mary have given a donation of £150 towards this laudable object. The Right Rev. Dr. Griver, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Perth, is about to make a tour of die Northern districts. The forthcoming municipal elections ate exciting more interest than ordinary, as there wul be a contest for the Chair manship of the Council for the current year. Mr. George Shenton, J. P., M.L.C., who has occupied the civic chair for the past three years, will be opposed by Mr. S. H. Parker, one of our leading solicitors. The latter gentleman has come forward at tbe request of a number of requisitionists who think change and reform is necessary, especially as the Council is nearly £4,000 in debt. Both candidates are popular, and in this case, at all events, 'You never can tell till the numbers are up' holds good. Two interesting cases have been tried in the Supreme Court during the m onth. One was a charge of poisoning with intent to kill brought against Horton Bateman. The alleged victim in the case was Mr. George Thompson, a merchant, of Fre mantle, and the accused was his confidential clerk. The evidence disclosed a knotty complexity of facts, and after a lengthy trial the jury acquitted the accused. The other was a civil action brought by two settlers against Mr. Thomas Wilding, of Kortham, for ha ring, in endeavouring to save his own property from a monster bushfire, caused the destruction of theirs. This matter had been the subject of two previous actions connected with what is popularly known as the ' Mokine fire,' in which a verdict was given against Wilding, in favor of Henry Leeder. Wilding in the present case defended himself, and obtained a verdict in both actions. Baron von Mueller, a gentleman whose name is familiar to everyone, in Australia at least, was a passenger from Melbourne by the last mail steamer, and arrived from Albany by the Rob Roy. He -was driven to Perth by Me John Forrest, by whom he was introduced to many of the citizens on his arrival. Baron von Meuller has proceeded to Champion Bay, and be is now on a journey overland thence to Shark's Bay. His stay in the colony will probably extend over two or three months. We shall probably have the honor of claiming the Baron as a colonist at some future day. He has already taken up a large block of land near Bunbury. The usual social entertainments have taken place during the month in connection with the Good Templar and other societies. The Eastern districts are in the midst of the Fair season, and various visitors are there, amongst them the Hons. the Colonial Secretary and the Speaker of the Legislative Council. Scientists have been considerably exercised by the appearance here of a meteor of most unusual size and brilliance, which illumined the sky for nearly half an hour. A correspondent thus describes it : " On Wednesday evening last, the 17 th inst., one of the most beautiful and extraordinary meteors was seen at about a quarter past six o'clock ; a description of which might interest some of your scientific readers. A large ball of light suddenly made its appearance nearly due west of Perth, high up in the heavens, and slowly fell in a slightly northerly direction, and burst to pieces just before reaching the horizon, and immediately the track which the meteor had taken became illu- minated and assumed the appearance of an enormous jet of steam, of a bright golden green color, which was distinctly visible for over twenty minutes. This appearance kept altering its shape ; at one time it looked like a huge snake, slowly moving as it gathered in its coils, and finally broke into three pieces, like tbe letter E, and vanished. I never saw anything like it before, aud would be glad to know how this luminous appearance can be accounted for." A meteor of a similar character was also seen at North- ampton about a fortnight ago. About three weeks ago a district shock of earthquake was felt at Pinjarrah, on the Murray River. The shock extended about fifty miles round that locality, and was accompanied by a noise resembling the discharge of cannon. The weather lias been for some time most unseasonably dry and hot, and the crops have suffered severely. The drought, however, appears to have terminated, raiu having fallen in most of the inland districts during the past week. 