Accident to Mb Kerferd.— An unpleasant, althongh happily not a serious accident, hap pened to the Attorney-General at Sorrento on Sunday last. Whilo walking along the road he, through some obstruction in the path, stumbled, and while running forward in the endeavor to save himself he came down heavily on bis knees aud face. One of his knee caps is painfully iujured, and there is some present disfigurement about the face, hut not so bad as that the Ovens electors will fail to recognise him when he appears on the hustings. Dangerous Places— The" yawner" to which we lately referred on the Oxley side of the Pioneer bridge, has happily been repaired, hut the road has caved in a little further on between the bridge and Moon's. We also learn that two old holes, not properly filled up on the Hurdle Flat road, about a furlong beyond Birtles, have caved in, making the road dangerous, especially at night. Would it not be wise for the roadsmau to visit at least doubtful places after such a night as that of Thursday ? Auction Sales.— Mr Alex. Tone report8 having sold at Dnnlop's Hotel, Oxley, on Tuesday, February 20th, ou account of Mr B. Cozens, to Mr Wm. Doip, a farm of 212 acres at £5 15s per acre. At Whitty's Hotel, Wan garatta, on Thursday February 22nd, two nublicnn's booths for the Moyhu races, for £32 on the same day at the market yards, Wangaratta, a number of horses aud cattle at the following prices : — Horses from £2 to £S ; two-year old steers and heifers from £3 Is to £3 Cs ; three-year old steers and cows up to £5 ; one chaff cutter with horse-works, £25 15s. The attendance at the market was fair, with a slight improvement in prices. Benalla Shire Council Election. — The polling for the vacancy in the Benalla Shire Council, caused by the resignation of Coun cillor Bagnail, took place on Wednesday, the 21st inst. There was very little excitement over the contest, as only one-lia'f of the vote3 in the North Riding were recorded. The fol lowing are the returns :— Benalla— Duncan, 49; Shortell, 53. Dookie south — Duncan, 16; Shortell, SG. Total— Duncan, 65; Shortell, 86 ; majority for Shortell, 21. Tesdeiis for Furniture. — We see by an advertisement that tenders for furniture, to be supplied to tho Lunatic Asylum, Beechworth, are called fer, to be with the Board of Land and Works by noon on Thursday, the 12th March. Benalla Police Court.— On Friday, before Mr F. McDonnell, J.P., Wm. O'Brien and M. Warden were each fined Is for driving fastcr than a walk over the Benalla Bridge. A man named Maher was brought up by the police on four different charges against him of as sault, nsiDg obscene language, and resisting the police in the execution of their duty. For the first offence he was fined £2 10s, or -18 hours imprisonment ; for the stcjiul, 5s or 12 hours, and the rest 10s, or 12 hours! imprison ment. "Wangaratta Police Court.— At this court on Thursday last, before the Mayor aud Mr D. Myers, J.P., the following cases were dis posed of: — Henry Franklin v Wm. Steam: Illegal detention of a greyhound slut and pups. Mr Notcutt for plaintiff; Mr Norton for defendant. The defence was that the plaintiff owed for the keep of the greyhound, and was willing to give her up on payment of certain moneys being awarded for keep and registration. " To be given up on payment of £2 10-. Willihm Hearn v Henry Frankiin : For using threatening language calculated to provoke a breach of the peace. Mr Norton for plaintiff ; Mr Notcutt for defendant. The defence was that the plaintiff was the aggres- sor. Both parties were fined 10s each, with costs ; in default, distress in each case. Mr W. Witt at Mansfield. — According to one of our contemporaries this gentk man re ceived anything but a flattering reception on his appearance before his Mansfield con stituents. At a meeting hc-M on Wednesday evening in the Shire Hall a motion in his favour was met by an adverse amendment, which was carried, the only persons voting for the motion being the proposer and seconder and the seconder's son. CfiCKF.T. — To-day a match has been ar ranged to come off on the BeualU ground, between the Mansfield and the local clubs. A very fair wicket has been prepared for the game, the late rains greatly assisting the club's efforts. The visitors have a good strong team, and as Benalla plays with a very weak eleven, the chances are the visitors will score a win. A very close match is expected, and we have no doubt a large number will visit the ground to watch the match. Miss Alice May. — This Australian prima donna made her first appearance before an English andience at the Prince of Wales Theatre, London, on the 11th December last. Her reception, it is stated, whs decidedly en thusiastic, and her dress and figure secured admiration, which was confirmed by Jier vocalisation. Her rendering of " Say to Him" was considered the most successful effort. Wangaratta Monthly Market. — J. II. Grav and Co. report a fair attendance of buyers at the above market on Thursday, last. Tliero were 127 head cattle sold, prin cipally young, and very poor; 7S steers, 2i years to 3 years sold at .12 15s per head; 8 mileli cows with calves, at £3 4s Gd per head; 5 dry cows at £1 15s per head; 3G yearling heifers and steers at from £1 3s to £1 14s per head, Mayflower Lodge, No. 194, Rutherglen. — The usual quarterly meeting in connection with the above lodge was held on the 14th February, 1S77, when the following members were installed by Bro. T. Ready, D.G.W.C.T. assisted by Bro. P.G. Wiugrave and Bro. M, McGrath : — P.W.C.T., Bro. E. Meredith; w.C.T., Bro. G. Moss; W.Y.T., Bro. C. Bone; W.S., Bro. T. J. Herriu ; W.G., Bro. P. Sheridan : W.F.S., Sis. N. W-un ; W.T., Sis. E. Hughes ; W.A.S., Sis. A. Deau ; W.T.G., Bro. S. Wain ; W.M., Bro. Thos. Cousins ; L.H.S., Sis. M. McKay ; T.H.S., Bro. John Goldswortliy ; w.o.T., Bro. H. Derrick. Bro. T. H. Beady was re-elected D.G.W.C.T. for the ensuing twelve months. The Bench and the Bak — A slight passage at arms took place at the Sundridge Police Court on Thursday, between Mr Mollison and Mr Emmerson, the solicitor. The latter was defending a publican for Sunday trac ing. Two men, who were found in the house had been summoned by the police to give evidence, but when they were called they did Dot appear. The senior-constable who con ducted the prosecution told the bench that he had been informed that Mr Emmerseoti had told the witnesses to go away, and that they need not appear unless they had received their conduct money. Mr Mollison said it was a most unprofessional tiling to do, to which Mr Emmerson replied that it was done every day, and he trusted that he should not hear any more such remarks from the bench. Mr Mollison ad journed the case until next court day. to allow of the witnesses being properly subpoenaed, and said lie should make inquiries into the matter, when possibly lie might have some more remarks to make, Mr Emmerson re torted that he had never been guilty of either ungentlemanly or unprofessional conduct, and he hoped that the bench would not again insult professional gentlemen practising be fore it. The matter then dropped. Wanting a Drink.— An amusing story of what may happen through the new Publicans' Act is thus told by "iEgles" :— A few San- days back an hon. member of the Legislative \- Assembly residing at St. Kilda was informed by the parlour-maid that seven or eight gentlemen were in the drawingroom waiting to see him. Somewhat surprised at a visit upon the day of rest, be hastened to ascertain its cause. His surprise was increased when he saw that his visitors were persons with whom his acquaintance was of the slightest description. After some commonplace inter changes of civilities he asked to what he was indebted for the compliment of a call. Tho fact is," said the man he knew least, " Mr — , you voted for the Sunday closing of publichouses. We wanted a drink, and we thought ihat the least you could do, under the circumstances, would be to let ns have the jefresbment you have debarred us from buy ing " And that weak- minded M.L.A. accom modated himself to the situation. This, indeed is only one of many instances of the extrc-mo suavity of legislators contemplating another throw in for the Parliamentary stakes. Insolvency Meeting. — A meeting in the insolvent estate of Michael Devery, farmer, was held at Beechworth yesterday, before the Chief Clerk, Mr Hutchinson. There were no creditors present, and no proofs of debt, and the meeting closed. A Snake Story. — During last week Mr A. Lobb was riding across a run at Chintin, at a walking pace, in company with a friend, when their attention was arrested by hearing the cries of a rabbit as if in great distress, which, being continued, induced them to ride over to the spot, thinking the rabbit was caught in a trap left by some of the trappers. On neariug the place they found a half-grown rabbit in the firm embrace of a black snake, which had got five or six coils around the body of the animal. To dismount aud obtain a stout sapling was the work of a short time, during which the rabbit's cries hncl ceased in death, and immediately afterwards the snake paid a similar penalty. The reptile was found to measure 6ft., and to be of the ordinary species, which has excited some surprise amongst the old bush hands, who assert that Australian suakes never adopt that mode of securing their prey. The Settl ng. — The settling after the Wahgunyah -'ud Rutherglcn races took place at Scott's Hotel, Wahgunyah, ou Saturday last when there was a fair attendance of winners, losers, aad visitors. The following amounts were paid over : — Mr A. O. Boyle, £105 (Handicap and Town Plate) ; Mr Du Frocq, £20 (Maiden Plate) ; Mr Walsh, £20 (Forced Handicap); Mr G. Orford, £13. for second money in the Handicap ; Mr C. Reau, £10 (Selling Hack Race) ; and Mr Patrick O'Kcefe, £2 ( : I uvry Scurry). After the various amounts had been paid over cham pagne was introduced, and Mr E. Brown pro posed the health of the judge, Mr John Foord, and in Ills remarks, paid the old gentle man a big compliment for the ability dis played. In the absence of Mr John Foord Mr Traton Foord responded. The secretary, the winners, the losers, the success to the newly- formed Wahgunyah and Rutherglcn Jockey Club followed, all of which were ap propriately responded to. and the meeting terminated. — Waligamjah News. Storm at the Terricks — A gentleman writing from Durham Ox to a friend in Sand hurst, gives a vivid account of the storm there on Wednesday last. He describes it as being something fearful. It was preceded by a dark heavy cloud of dust from the north, which gathered strength and widened out sud denly, increasing with violence until it blew with the force of a hurricane, and doing an immense amount of damage to property. It took the roofs off several farmers' houses, and stripped the iron off the side of one place, the gale carrying some of the iron over a mile from the house. The Woodlands Wesleyan Church was blown to the ground, and is a mass of ruins. The writer was overtaken by the storm whilst on horseback, and was blown off the saddle, and he met with some nar- row escapes from being struck by fallen branches of trees, when passing clumps of timber. Though a good quantity of rain fell, it was insufficient for the farmers, who are crying out for more. Grass is very scarce there, consequently cattle and sheep are look ing poor. Cornish Beef, Bright. — The mining man ager under date Feb. 13 writes : — The nev reef is looking exceedingly well an 1 prom ising, and we expect to break through into the tunnel on Wednesday, when we shall be able to obtain much more stone for crushing. The prospectors further south have come upon a leader 9in. in thickness, showing gold. "We have sunk 10ft., but as yet no payable results. A Zealous Policeman. — The A_qv, ever ready to seizo upon any chance of vilifying the party in power, writes : — The gag-cum-iron- hand practice has a humble imit For among the guardians of the public peace at Mans field. In the Lire Hall, on Monday, the 12th inst., a lecture was delivered by Mr A. L. Ely, oue of the Debuite free-trade c mdidates. on Victorian Taxation. A corre.-pond-n' states that the public were admitted free, anil after tho lecture Mr Ely addr- s wd the electors present, according to aiivi'ilisomeut, so that the whole affair m >y be looke 1 on ns a political meeting. Among tlio.rs present, v.vre Messrs Willi.m Grif.bBe and John Anslry, old and respect, d re si lenis. tlomo r. marks of the lecturer's induced tlf- former <0 ex claim, " How about tkogag?'' Whereupon, without any warning, ho was pounced upon by a constable, and alternately draug- c! and pushed out of the room in n violent manner, althongh he offered no resistance. Shortly afterwards the lecturer was speaking inter rogatively as to the most convenient time for the payment of taxes, when Mr Austoy said, " Why, just after harvest, to bu sure." This was too much for the zoalou.- constable to stand, so lie immediately cj-ctecl Mr Austc-y in the same manner as he had done Mr Grisdale. Mr Ansfey at once went to the police quarters, and lodged a written com plaint with the senior-constable in charge, the result of which is not yet knowu. Incendiarism in the Western District. — Three ms n, nairu d Patrick .Joyce, Alfred Warburton, and Daniel Downey, were ar rested at llawkesdale on Saturday night last, charged with unlawfully and maliciously setting fire to the stations of Messrs Samuel Baird (Kangatong), l'hipps Turubull (Gre. n- hills), Stewart Bros. (Warning), and also the property of Patricic Murphy, a selector, it is alleged that the prisoners were the persons who started the bush-fires which were raging in the district during the recent hot weather. Application was made for a detective to be sent down to inquire into the matter, but Senior-constable Gray, of Koroif, obtained sufficient information to enable him to prefer a charge against the prisoners. A remand was applied for and granted, and the pri soners will be brought up at the Belfast Police Court on the 2Gth inst. Great credit is due to Senior- cons table Gray for his prompt action in this mutter, and a feeling of intense indignation is manifested by the people here against the culprits. The prisoner Downey \vas to have stood his trial at Hamilton for horse-stealing, but was detained bv the Koroit police on the charge of incendiarism A Friend in Need. — "Mosquito," writing in the Bendiyo Independent . says: — " Judge Stephen was rather pressed for time at the late Assize Sessions, and to this circumstance is attributed the fact of tho prisoners being so fortunate. It is reported that- Ilis Honor was heard to exclaim "Well done," as a celebrated barrister raised a law point, which was fatal to further proceedings. Mr Justice Monaglian was also in a hurry onee when travelling in circuit, but displayed his im patience in a somewhat different manner which may perhaps, be accounted for by his partiality for a particular product of the country. The jury were being empanelled, and amongst tliem was a Quaker, who when the book was tendered to hint said, " I'm a friend." " Take the book sir, said the judge." " I'm a friend," repeated the Quaker. " Take the hook," repeated His Honor. An officer of the court then informed the judge that the man was a Quaker. " D n him," said the judge; " why could not he say that before, instead of standing up there and claiming friendship with me. Quaker or no Quaker, let him take the book. He's no particular friend of mine." Fire at the Barnawartha Saw Mills. — A serious fire occurred at the Barnawartha Saw Mills on Friday morning, by which a very large quantity of old timber and rubbifli about the premises was destroyed. How the fire originated is a mystery , inasmuch as work has been discontinued for a long time past The flames were first observed about eleven o'clock in the morning, and were situated deep down in an immense pile of edging and other waste timber. A correspondent in forms us that when he got to the mill the flames presented a grand sight, and looked as if they would sweep every thingaway. With the assist ance of a few of the neighbors, who had con gregated after the alarm was given, large quantities of timber were removed and com munication between the burning mass and the machinery in the mill cut off. At this time, the flames were shooting up about thirty or forty feet high, and the heat was almost intolerable. Through the great ex ertions of those present no valuable property was destroyed, as the fire was confined to a heap of about 1000 loads of edging which had lain some years, and was therefore, highly inflammable. It is supposed that the heap must have been struck by lightning, as no other theory can he advanced as a cause £for the conflagtation. — Wahgunyah News. 