PUBLISHED DAILY. ' I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, thorcfore, the truth I speak, Impugn it whoso list" TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for in- sertion In the news columns should be addressed to Tns Editor, No notlco can be taken of anonymous communications. Faery lettor must bo accompanied by tbo name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected communications cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. To avoid Inconvenience and delay to persona Interested we bave to request that all business communica- tions, Including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addressed to WIL30S and Mackibbok, and not to Tub Editor. OFERA-HOUBE. To-night, LA FILLE DE MADAME ANGOT. Clairette, Miss CATHERINE LEWIS. ComtLence at 8 o'clock. ACADEMY of MUSIÓ. Tc-nlght, The RIVALS, Commence at 8 o'clock. FBI DAT, FEBRUARY 9, 1877. One of tho first things that attracted the notice of Bishop Moorhouse after his arrival was the want of a suitable cathedral. Impressed with the utility of such buildings by a lively recollec- tion of the grand gatherings in St. Paul's and Westminster Abbey, where crowds have been brought within the reach, if not within the influence, of select preachers, and convinced by the confusion and discomfort which attended his installation that the Anglican denomination in this colony possesses no church in the metropolis where public ceremonials of the kind can be con- ducted with that "decency" and "order" which its regulations pre- scribe, the right rev. gentleman ex- pressed a determination to do what he could to supply the deficiency. We muBt all admit that the bishop haa lost no time in giving effect to bia promise. Some days ago, we were enabled to aiinounce on authority that a meeting of the Cathedral Committee had been held, at which it had been decided -(1) that it is desirable that the building should be erected on the piece of land at the corner of Bourko street and William-street, on which the schools and parsonage attached to St. JameB'a Church now stand; (2) that application should be made to one of the best architects in Eng- land foi suitable plans; (3) that an appeal should be made to churchmen in the diocese of Melbourne for subscrip- tions ; (4) that a commencement should be made at once, and a portion of the proposed structure opened for Divine service as soon as possible ; and (5) that subscribers should be informed that the Bum required to carry the works to completion would probably be about £100,000. Without wishing to throw ," cold " water" even in the most infiuiteaiinal quantities on the enthusiasm which has been evoked by the bishop's addresses on the subject, wo must be allowed to express our conviction that these pre- liminary stepa aro charactorued by moro zeal than discretion. In the first place, it is felt by many that that particular kind of haste has been displayed which, according to the proverb, produces " less " speed." We presume that the Cathe- dral Committee spoken of is a body appointed by the bishop or Church Assembly Borne yea« ago when tho question of a cathedral was mooted and plans obtained. If so, we would point out that its existence had been entirely forgotten, except, perhaps, by the church officials, and that before proceeding to deal with a question of such magoitudo, it would have been well if it had given some notice of its being, and intimated its intention of taking action. Had it done se, and allowed a reasonable time before proceeding to business, it cannot be doubted that a number of valuable suggestions would have been submitted, both as to site and proceedings generally, that would have enabled it to como to a more satis- factory decision on various points. We have recently published some letters taking exception to the decisions arrived at, and we cannot doubt that our correspondents represent the opinions of a very large number of Church- men. It appears to us that had the committee acted wisely, it would have contented itself with the appoint- ment of a subcommittee to arrange for the collection of subscriptions to- wards the object in view, leaving all the other questions involved for the consideration of the Church Assembly. This body, as our correspondent, " Quien Sabe," [points out, has already committed itself to certain designs which were procured by Bishop Perry, at a cost to the denomination of some £500 ; and the fact that Mr. Wollas ton's church ia worked into the design so adopted ia proof positive, we imagine, that it also came to a determination as to site. It cannot be argued that it ever bad any inten- tion of pulling down Trinity Church, and re-crecting it elsewhere. But no matter whether the assembly considers itself absolutely pledged to these arrangements or not, one thing is per- fectly certain, viz., that it will re- quire to be consulted as to their aban- donment, and, consequently, it will probably be found that the time and labour of the committee have been thrown away. Apart from these considerations, how- ever, we have no objections to urge against any of the committee's sug- gestions, except the first. Wo think it would be a very great mistake to erect the new Cathedral on the St. James's reserve. The correspondent we have already alluded to says that he supposes cathedrals may be regarded as an educated expression of religious feeling-as places of worship "where "nil the fine arts should be employed " as the handmaids of religion, and in " which, by the appeals so made to the "senses of a large congregation, a "devotional feeling that might other " wise be dormant, should be aroused and "strengthened." While many, doubt lees, will take exception to his pre- miss, everyone, we think, will admit the correctness of his deduction, viz., that to bo of any use these establish- ments should be set up " where there is " a reasonable probability that thoro will .' be large congregations." If this view is accepted as sound, then the site fixed on by the committee at once stands con- demned. There can be no doubt that " Quien Sabe" is quite right in Baying that "the resident population in the " neighbourhood of St. James's Church "has diminished, ia diminishing, and " will probably be atillfurthsrdiminished, " by the continued substitution of "stores for residences." The goods terminus of the Victorian Railways will always remain where it is, and it only' needs the canal and docks, which will surely be constructed some day, to give over West Melbourne entirely to the purposes of commerce. We confess that we nave not a very high opinion of the reserve near the bishop's palace a3 a site for a cathedral, us it is not so cen- tral as is desirable, and the available area is too small, but it is perfection itself as compared with the allotment recommended by the committee. It is situated in a locality which is almost certain to be used for residential pur- poses in perpetuity. It may be said, of course, that a cathedral congregation would be drawn from all directions, and not consist of those only who live in ita immediate vicinity. This no doubt is to a great extent true, but it fur- nishes no reason for placing the build- ing at the extreme end of the town, furthest away from the majority of the suburbs likely to contribute worshippers. Without going any further at pre- sent, we will conclude by expressing a hope that the committee will see the propriety of giving an assurance that nothing shall be done to commit the Church in any way until the assembly has had an opportunity of expressing an opinion on the matter. One of the fallacies mos.t popular with tho "buratingup" party in this colony is, that landowners aro such arrant fools that tliey will not turn their estates to the beat advantage for themselves and for the country unless they are compolled to do so by the state. This is, of courso, quite in keeping with that other delusion, that it is the duty of the Government to prescribe the occupations of the people, by taking certain Industries under its patronage and protection ; and it is only ono reruovo from the policy adopted by the Provisional Administration in Paris in 1848, when it established national workshops. If a man finda it moro profitable to grow wool than wheat, he will give the former the preference over the latter ; and the fact that in bo doing he employs fewer hands than ho otherwise would do, ia one with which the publio ha\o nothing whatevor to do. Should it be contended, in reply, that the Government is bound to diacourago and disable those occupations whioh Eave a tendency to lessen tho demand for labour, then the sooner we dismantle our railways and sell our locomotives for old iron, the better ; for an engine- driver, a stoker, and one or two guarda, are all the hands that are now engaged in the transport of a train filled with passengers and mer- chandise, which would have been other- wise conveyed in coaches and waggons, involving the employment of hundreds of camera, coaohmen, ostlers, wheel- wrights, blacksmiths, harneasmakers, coachbuilde», roadaide innkeepers, growers of horse-foddor, cattlebrooders, horsebreakers, and so forth. Nor is it any answer to this recincfio ad ab- surdem to plead that land différa from all other factors oi wealth, inas- much as there is a limit to its area. For this, though true, is only half the truth, becauso there is no definite limit to its productiveness. Tho Bcienco of agricul- ture is only in its infancy ; but wo know that its application has already enor- mously increased tho yield of tho soil both in Great Britain and Franco ; and that this augmentation boars a definite ratio to tho growth of population. Thus, in Sparsely peopled Corsica, tho gros3 produce of tho Boil only reaches tho annual value of 10 francs per hectare, while in the department of the Nord it averages 300 francs ; and, as M. Lkonce iib Lavercine has shown, England pro- duces, acre for acre, twice as much as Franco does ; and " the animal produce " alone of an English farm is equal to at " least the total produce of a French " farm of equal area-all tho vegetable " production (cereals, root crops, &c;) " being additional." No one who takes any notice of tho proceedings in our various courts can fail to perceive that the manner in which witnesses are treated ia not always characterised by that ovonhanded jus- tice which is necessary to insuro respect for the administration of the law. As an instance in point, wo would draw at- tention to a case which came before the City Bench yeBterday. Thomas Howard was charged with permitting brandy to bo drunk on his premises on Sunday, tho 28lh ult. Two constables stated that they had seen some men in a room drink- ing on the occasion in question, and that there was a bottle of brandy on the table. The landlord at a subsequent stage of the proceedings acknowledged that tho brandy was there when the constables entered the roora, but denied that any was consumed, or that he took money for it. Between the evidence for tho prosecution, however, and the confession we have just mentioned, Alice Towle, a young woman in the employment of the defendant, declared on oath that there was no drink whatever in the room whoro the men wore ; but after being pressed for some time, modified her statement to somo extent. She eventually said that " sho "did not see any drink in the room." The Bench directed that the witness should be prosecuted for perjury, but Inspector Ryall having pointed out some features in the case which appear to havo escaped their worships' attention, a dif- ferent course was decided on. She was committed to prison for 24 hours for gross prevarication. Now, wo aro not prepared to say-although it is just within the limits of possibility that Alice Towle may have been telling the truth to the best of her knowledge that any great Injustice waa done to_ this young womau ; but wo sub- mit that far worse instances of plain perjury and unmistakable prevarica- tion tako placo almost daily, which aro allowed to pass unnoticed. It must not bo thought that we desire to seo per- jurers and prevaricators treated with leniency. On the contrary, we aro so impressed with a sense of tho oruel injus- tice which is frequently dono by bearing false witness that we would gladly see all those guilty of tho offence dealt with as severely as the law will allow. But wo want to see all " tarred with the samo " brush." Wo do not Uko to seo a girl who, if guilty, was probably led ash ay by a desire to save her em- ployer from the operation of an absurd law, singled out for punishment, while a host of lusty BcoundrelB, who have lied in the witness-box from tho most sordid or iniquitous motives, are walking about tho streels without eo much as the stain of judicial reproof upon their fair fame. It is to be hoped that in future all courts, from the highest to the lowest, will deal severely with thoBo witnesses who palter with their oaths, for tho lax system which has been pursued makes the punishment awarded in the case under notice ap- pear somewhat harsh aud altogether ox> ccptional. At an Executive Council held yesterday, Thomas Bat ker, M.D., was appointed as scting health officer for the port of Port Phillip dnring the illness of Dr. Williams. Mr. C. E. Strutt, P.M., was appointed visitinr justice of the penal establishment at Pent- ridge. The appointments were notified in a Government Gazelle issned last evening, in which, also, to-day was proclaimed a bank holiday at Beechworth. The Crown Law officers have received a telegram statins: that the appeal in the case of Woolley v. TlieIronstone-hill Company and the Attorney-General, has been dismissed by the Privy Council, with costs. The decision up- holds the right of the Crown to gold found on private property. Fuller particulars are given elsewhere. The Aborigines Commission will visit Coranderrk on Friday next, and the western stations the following week. We may state that Mr. Howitt,' P.!!",, joined the other members of the commission at Bairnsdale, and accompanied them on their visit of in- spection to the Gipps Land stations, Tho extremely hnzy state of the atmo- sphere for the past few days has been the subject of general remark. The cause i* orving to the heavy fires in the coast ranges. In the absence of any strong prevailing wind the smoke is continually drifting backwards and forwards, while the fires in the ranges constantly increase the supply. The atmo- sphere ia very heavy, and does not allow the Smoke to dissipate. Yesterday morning the Steady wind from the north rendered the atmosphere of Melbourne much clearer than it has been for some days past, but in the afternoon an under-current of wind from tie south-east set in and brought back the haze denser than ever. In the evening the smoke was very pungent, and had the effect of making people's eyes extremely gore. We leam from the Government astronomer that the highest tempera* ture in the shade on Wednesday was 89deg,, and in the sun 124deg. Yester- day the highest temperature in the shade was 9S°8, and in the sun 335deg. The country papers indicate that the con. tinued drought i'b causing serious anxiety In the Daylesford district stock aro reported as being faBt reduced to living skeletons, and sheep are unsaleable at Is. to l8. 6d. pet head. Residents at Linton are put to great straits through the difficulty in procuring water for either domestic purposes, or for drinking. As much as 12s. per load of 100 gallons has been given for water obtained from the Flagstaff-springs. In the neigh- bourhood of Kyneton, Sandhurst, Ballarat, Lancefield, and other towns, bush-fires hive been raging for several days, causing much loss and inconvenience. The Minister of Railways was yesterday waited upon by a deputation representing the millers and grain-dealers of Melbourne, who protested against a recent regulation issued at the Spencer-street grain sheds, compelling consignees to remove grain from the sheds within 24 hours after arrival, under penalty of a charge for storage. The depu- tation urged that the time allowed was alto- gether too short, as ft practically meant only 12 working honrB, and requested that it might be extended to 48 hours. Owing to the present rush of grain from the country, it was abso- lutely impossible to remove the quantities received within the specified time, although no nnnecessory delay was allowed to take place. It was also complained that pas»« were not obtained at the gates with sufficient alacrity, and this caused some stoppas8* Mr. Jones promised that any delay of tb» kind would bo reotified, but stated that so long as the sheds were so full as they were at present, the rale wold not bo mooa w taxed without causing great inconvenience Only' that day information waa received by wire that 1,000 additional tons of grain were coming down from different parts of the country. Mr. D. Melville, of Fitzroy, has issued an address to the electors of East Bourke Boroughs. He considers that a residence of 20 years in the electorate, renders it un- necessary for him to state his political views lit length, until he addresses the electors in person. Mr. W. T. C Kelly has also def ûv Tritely come forward as the Opposition candi -'aviate for Ballarat East, Mr. H. H. Sainsbury, J,P" in reply to a requisition, has consented to stand for Creswick. The Eaglehawk Zcader states that Mr. Daly, of Sandhurst, boa abandoned his intention of contesting Mandurang. A deputation lepreienting the United fire Brigades waited upon tho Minister of Illilwa) s yesterday to aek that some furthe* concessions might ba made by the Railway department in regard to the transmission of the varions brigades with their apparatus to Geelong on the occasion of the forth* «oming Fire Brigades Dfmonatration there. The derutation was introduced by Mr, Patterson, M.L A,, who urged that the brigades were entitled to consideration aud liberal treatment, on the ground that they gave their services gratuitously to the public, while he also pointed out that the annual -demonstrations held by tho united brigades were of great service io promoting the efficiency of the various fire brigades which took part in the competition. Mr. Jones stated that the amount voted by Par- liament lost session for the expenses of the brigades in connexion with the forthcoming demonstration was £500, and this sum could not be increased, iso that the expenses must b3 limited to that »mount. He also reminded the deputation that on the occasion of the last demonstra' tion at Ballarat several fires occurred ia Mai Jboume and elsewhere during the absence of the local brigades, and he recommended that each brigade should leave behind ita sufficient number of men to provide against the recur- rence of each disasters daring the time of the next demonstration. The deputation pro. jnised that this would be attended to. The Minister of Justice received a deputa- tion yesterday from the shire of Moira, intro- duced by Mr. Hanna, M.L A., who desired that Benalla Bhould be appointed a place for the holding of general sessions. At present edi caaes occurring in the district have to be tried at Beechworth, and the distance which Witnesses and others have to travel is a cause of great inconvenience. Dr. Madden Btated that under the Judicature Act any alteration of the kind must be made by Parliament, on an address by both H mees, He recom- mended the deputation to furnish, in writing, a Btotercent of the reasons for their request, ¡n order that he might, if advisable, being the matter forward when Parliament as- sembled. One of the Gipps Lind prispecting parties organised by Mr. Warden Howitt started from Bairnsdale yesterday, under the leader- ship of Mr. Kost, who had charge of a party last year. Sir Henry Ayers, K.C.M G , Colonial Score tary, and Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., postmaster general, of South Australia, were passengers iby the s s. City of Adelaide, which arrived from Sydney yesterday, A meeting wsb held at the James Wat; Hotel, Spencer-street, last night, (or the pur- pose of endeavouring to form a branch of the Victorian Protection League in West Mel- bourne. About 30 parsons attended, the majority of whom seemed to evince a very Blight interest in the proceeding. Messrs. Fullerton and Dickson attended from the central league, for the purpose of stir- ling up the ardour of the West Mel bournites, and the latter gentleman was requested to act as chairman. A Mr, Atkinson was, on the motion o' Mr. Dickson, chosen as secretary pro lern. The secretary moved that a branch of the protection league be formed in West Melbourne, a proposition which met with no opposition, and was de clared carried. A farther resolution was snored that when 50 members joined the branch a meeting Bhould be held to elect office- bearers. This was agreed to. It was thou proposed that the meeting pledged itself to use all efforts to secure the return of two protec- tionist representatives for West Melbourne at the next general election. This motion piovokt d some discussion, in the course of which it was asserted that it would be quite hopeless for the protectionist party in the electorate to dream of returning two mem- bers. One speaker thought that they should confine their efforts to secure the defeat of Mr. Langton, as bia loss would be felt more than that t>f 60 ordinary men by the free- traders. An amendment was moved to the effect that one protectionist candidate only Bhould be chosen, and thiB was carried by a large majority. The proceedings then closed.' The Sandridge branch of the National Re Jorra League mot last evening to transact important buBineas. From one of the early advertisements which hod appeared it was expected that the league would select a can- didate, but the members were evidently un- prepared for hasty measures, and postponed action (or several weeks. Great disorder prevailed, and some of the speakers came to Wows before they parted. Au attempt is madeiu another column to describe some Of the incidente of the evening. The council of the National Reform League met last evening. The secretary reported that the state of public opinion all over the country, na indicated by the correspondence received, was encouraging for the Libera' candidates. Arrangements bad been entered into with the Lilydale branch for a meeting at that place ou Tuesday, 27th inst. Meet- ings in the Grenville district in connoxion »rita the Ballarat branch were being arranged. It waa intimated that the public meeting in the Princesa Theatre on the 19th inst would be addressed by Mr. Graham Berry, ¡Professor Pearson, Messrs. Dow, Robertson, Harris, aud others. The annual meeting of the Victorian Auxi- liary Bible Society waa held at the Assembly ball yesterday evening, the Dean of Mel- bourne presiding. A (airly satisfactory report Waa presented and adopted. The Bishop o( Melbourne was present, and in the course of Bn addrtBB urged the great importance of teachmg the Bible to the young, although he was WA the squabbles between the different religious denominations had compelled the Government to adopt the Bietern of secular education. The chairman denied that the Protestant denominations had ever had any impoitautdifferencesonthesnbjsct, although the Roman Catholics objected to the teaohing Of the Bible. , The ¿mlralañan I asúrame anil Banking Record states that Mr. John Matheson, ,^/neral manager of the Bank of Viotorio, / dil start upon his European trip by the ¡next P. aud O. mail steamer, and that Mr B, G. Turner, general manager of the Com cerclai Bank of Australia, will leave for Englandby the next Californian mai). __ With reference to the statement contained oi\r?Ur tDleBram from Sydney yesterday that a The Ocean Gem ia the first veaael with american and Canadian goods for the Sydney exhibition, and will bring 1,200 tons of cwbo," Messrs. Newell and Co., of Collins. Btreet weat, write:-"The Ocean Gem is only 323 tons regiater, or Bay about G00 tone capacity, weight and measurement cargo. &he; cornea here first, where she has to land «wording to manifest we have) a little over «MO touB, leaving not over 400 tons for oyttaey. No vessel is yet advised as follow »B the Ocean Gem. We ore agents here «or the new Canadian.Australian line." Mr. Justice Molesworth yesterday de wterea his judgment fn the case of 8milli, v. e«i(A. xhe suit was instituted by Mr. F. J. ûroitb, as trustee of the estate of Mr. H. M. wnith, au insolvent, against Mr. H. M. «Wth and his wife and the County tL a°Urke p*rmanent Building and luvtttment Society. The plaintiff sought to obtain * declaration that he was entitled to certain land, and that the building society should ba directed to trans 1er it to him, upon payment of all sams due to the society upon an advance to the other defendants. His Honour decreed that the plaintiff, as trustee, was entitled to the land, and directed the defendants to join in con- veying and transferring it to him at his expense. The curator of intestate estates has ob- tained rules to administer the estates of the following i-Even Laurist Christenson, Alex- andra Hotel, Lonsdale-etreetwest, November 20, 187C, £187 4s.; James Niven, Melbourne HcBpital, formerly Sailors' Home, Novembär 29, 1870, £12(5 3> ; Thomas Marks, Avenel, November 29, 1870, £21 17s. 6d,; James M'Oratb, Moorilim, Goulburn, December 2, 1870, £039 83.; Thomas Ellwood, Mary- borough Hospital, December 11,1876, £1,254 ; George Burrell, Williamstown, December 12, 1870, £1,15317s. Cd.; Thomas Morrison, Too lambo, January 4, 1877, £70114s. The Loch Tay has brought 150 tons of the refining machineiy for the Rosetown Sugar Works, being the first of four shipments now afloat. The machinery was made by the well known firm of J. and R. Houston, of Greenock, whose speciality is sugar machinery, and who also made most of the machinery for the sugar works at Yarraville, and the new works in Sydney. It combines every modern im- provement, and is capable of a large output. One great advantage resulting from the situa- tion of the Rosstown works will be the supply of firewood by the Gipps Land Railway, which will causeaeavingoverthecostof burning coal of more than one-third, or of fully £2,500 per annum-a saving more than sufficient to pay the whole cost of carriage on the raw sugars from Sandridge, and also on taking them back to town after being refined. The ex- tension of the Yan Yean to Caulfield and Rosstown as far as these works, and the construction of the branch railway from Oakleigh to Elsternwick, will complete their requirements. Mr. Ross will commence with refining imported cane sugar, as at the Yarra- ville Sugar Works, and will then proceed with the glucose sugar and beet sugar indus- tries. . Mr. William Turner, assistant manager o the Commercial Bank, was summoned to the District Police Court yesterday by Mr, T, Taylor, of St. Kilda, for aBsault. There was also a cross-summons by Mr. Turner against Mr. Taylor, the former charging the latter with assault ; but Mr. Stewart, who ap- peared for Mr. Turner, explained that the summons had only been taken out against Mr. Taylor, because it was he who had committed an assault, and not Mr. Turner. The case indeed would not have been brought into court at all if Mr. Taylor had not thought proper when he was in the wrong himself to summon Mr. Turner. The evidence was to the effect that Mr. Taylor was endeavouring to force his way to the room of Mr. H. G. Turnor, the general manager of the bank, when Mr. William Turner endeavonred to prevent him, and he then tried to drag Mr. Wil- liam Turner down some stairs leading to Mr, H. G. Turner's room. Mr. Finlay, the presiding magistrate, was understood to intimate, whon the complainant had con- cluded his evidence, that his case was no* sustained, wherenpon Mr. Taylor, in a very offensive manner, said he hoped the Bench were not going to evince animus against him, Mr. Finlay cautioned Mr. Taylor not to repeat such a remark to the Bench, and as Mr. Stewart desired it, Mr. William Turner's evidence was taken to show that the only assault which occurred waa that Mr. Taylor seized him by the coat to pull him down- stairs. The Bench then dismissed both cases. Jacob J. Schub, tobacconist, of Bourke street east, who has been several times fined for Sunday trading, was summoned to the District Polico Court yesterday for selling cigais last Sunday. Mr. Gillott, who ap- peared for the defendant, asked for an ad. joarnment tor seven days, as he was about to apply to the Supreme Courtnoxt day for a pro- hibition against the District Court enforcing afine of £5, which they inflicted two or three days ago upon his client for selling on Sun- day, the 28th nit. The ground on which he was about to ask for the prohibition was that the act said the local authorities were to prose cute in such caaee, He took it that the local authority in Melbourne was the city corporation, and not the polico, and if his view were upheld by the Supreme Court, it would apply to the charge of Belling last San. day as well as the previous one, the police being the prosecutors in both instances. The remand was granted as asked for. W. Lindsay, of 192 Bourke-street east, was summoned by the police yesterday for sell- ing cigars last Sunday. The case was proved, and the defendant was fined £5, Edward W. Watkins, the man who was arrested about eight days ago forBtealing letterB and newspapers from the General Post-office, where he was employed, was again brought up at tho City Police Court yesterday. He pleaded guilty to the chargo ; but, on the application of Detective O'Cal lagban, he was remanded to Tuesday next, as further inquiries were necesBnry, and the detective who had charge of the cano was absent at the Sandhurst sessions. John Patrick Murray, a criminal who was released from Pentridge on Wednesday morning and locked up again the same afternoon for stealing £27 from Mr M'Cutcheon, landlord of the Horse and Jockey Hotel, waB charged at the City Court yesterday morning with that offence. Detec- tive Hayes proved having arrested the pri- soner as he was about to leave for Geelong by the steamer, and stated that after he was arrested and handcuffed he struck Detective Lovie a violent blow on the hoad with the handcuffs. The prisoner, in defence, said he saw the purse lying on the floor of the hotel, and as he did not know whose it was took it away with bim. The Bench sent him to prison for 12 months, with hard labour. Thomas Jones, a middle-aged labourer, who created a disturbance in Bourke- street on Wednesday evening last and severely as- saulted Constable Rjhilly, was placed before the city magistrates yesterday morning' Rahilly heard the prisoner creating a dis- turbance and using disgusting language, He remonstrated with him for doing bo, and was abused in return, on which he proceeded to take himinto custody. Jones then assaulted Rahilly in the most savage manner, and kicked him three times so severoly that he was in great suffering when ho appeared in court to prove the case. The Bench Bent the prisoner to gaol for three mouths, with hard labour. At the Sandridge Police Court yesterday John James M'Carthy, an A.B., was sen- tenced to six wecke-' imprisonment for an oeBault upon William M'Kenzie, the second mate of the s.S. Hankow, just arrived from London, The defendant would not get up when the watch was called, at 4 a.m., but struck the third mate, who went forward to "roll" him ont of his bunk. The second mate witnessed the blow, and at once laid hold of the defendant to bave him put in irons. The defendant took the opportunity to bite the second mato viciously on the breast. Several counter charges were dis. miseed. Captain Symington was then called upon by M'Carthy to answer charge of assault. The man said he did not get up because he was sick. He made a great noise as Boon as he was put in irons, and tried, by means of lan- guage which cwas described in court BB* very disgusting, to attract the attention of the passengers to the place he was confined in-a narrow passage nnder the saloon Irons put on his legs na well as his hands failed to quiet him, and when the noise had lasted an hour and a half the captain went below and flogged him with a small cane. He was subsequently gagged, but the gag was loosely put on, and the man relieved himself from it. The Bench held that the captain was entitled to take every means to prevent thelman from disturbing the pas- sengers, and thought a properly constructed geg wonld have been justifiable, bat they had never heard of such a thing as thrashing a man in irons, and therefore fined the cap- tain £5, and £2 2j. costa Two youths, Henry Whitlam and John Lewis, were charged at the Sandridge Police Court yesterday with forging cheques to the amount of £155. The case was partly investigated, and the prisoners remanded until Monday next. The cheques were drawn in the name of Mr. G. W. Robbins, . stevedore, and the signatures had been so [ well imitated that the bank cashed thom without hesitation. Whitlam was Mr. Bobbins' clerk. Though it seldom serves any useful purpose to vex the dull ear of the drowsy public service with suggestions of improvements, it seems a pity that means cannot be taken to purify the air in the police courts-and we would say particularly the Sandridge Police Court, which is attended by a clara of specta- tors peculiarly its own-by some such simple and economical means as have been invented by Mr, Tobin, unless cheapness and effi- ciency be regarded as qualities open to great suspicion. The atmosphere of the Sandridge Court is one which can please no one but sailors, who havo a constitutional dislike to open windows. The court yesterday was crowded for several hours-it is always a popular resort-and there appeared to be no suitable means of introducing fresh air. Perhaps when steps are taken to repair the court furniture-it is sadly in want of atten- tion-the matter of ventilation will also ba looked into. A rather curious story was told in the Hotham Police Court yesterday. A stout- built young man named Daniel Frazer, who appeared to be about 28 years of age, was charged with stealing a quantity of furniture, the property of Thomas Matthews. The pro- secutor is a sweep living in Wellington-street, Collingwood, and the prisoner had lived with bim for some time as a lodger. A few weeks ago, Matthews became an in-patient at the Melbourne Hospital, where he remained three weeks. On being discharged, be found that his lodger had disappeared, taking with him the fnrniture, and the prosecutor's wife, who has all the appearance of being nearly 50 years of age. The Bench remanded the prisoner to the Collingwood Police Court. At the meeting of the board of manage- ment of the Melbourne Young Men's Chris tian Association, held on Tuesday last, it was agreed ttyxt the following resolution (relative to the late Rev. J. Martin) should be placed on the minutes of the meeting, aud a copy forwarded to Mrs. Martin, and also to the deacons of the Collins-street Baptist Church :-" The board of management of the Young Men's Christian Association has heard with deepest sorrow of the death of the Rev. James Martin, B A., one of its vice-presidents. From the time of its forma- tion he has been to it a wise counsellor, an unfailing supporter, an energetic worker, and a true and faithful friend. Many of the members of the association are deeply indebted tohimforvaluableinstruction.and the success tuna far realised by it is attributable in no little degree to his exertions and influence. All denominations of Christians, and the whole community, have reason to mourn him. He will be sorely missed for a long time to come by tho philanthropic institu- tions and religions societies of our city and colony. This board desires to express its deep sympathy with the Baptist Church in Collins-street, which has lost a pastor, teacher, and preacher of no mean order, and also with bia bereaved family. The members moBt earnestly pray for his widow, sons and daughter, that they may be sus. taiced and comforted under the grievous affliction which has befallen them; that they may be Divinely guarded and guided in all their future on earth ; and that when death comes they may be re-united to him who is 'not lost, but gone before.'" A handsome silver claret jug was pre- sented to Mr. J, M. Bruce, late captain in the Metropolitan Troop of the Prince of Wales V.V. Light Horse, in Lieutenant C. R, Martin's office on Tuesday. The présenta- tion was made at the request of the sub- scribers by Major Caleb Anderson, who commands the regiment, lu the course of bia remarks he bore testimony to the careful and efficient manner in which Captain Bruce had always carried out the duties en- trusted to him while in command of the troop, and he regretted exceedingly that he bad resigned his commission. Mr. Bruce, in reply, thanked Major Anderson and his comrades in the Metropolitan Troop for this proof of their kindness to him, which waa the more highly appreciated through being quite unexpected. Before retiring from the command of the troop he thought eeriouBiy over the matter. He found that business engagements prevented him from performing the duties of the position to his satisfaction. He considered the position of captain of the Metropolitan Troop a very I honourable one, and whoever fillod it ought to have more time to devote to it than he bad. But, although retiring from the com- mand of tho troop, he would always take a lively interest in ita BucceBB, and if he could _ in uny way contribute to its prosperity ha would do so willingly. Mr. Bruce con- cluded by proposing, "Success to the Metropolitan Troop, coupled with the names of Lieutenant C. R. Martin and Veterinary- Burgeon Graham Mitchell." Veterinary-surgeon Mitchell, in replying, re* ferred to the great difficulty the troop was ' labouring under in not having a piece of ground upon which to build a drillroom and riding-school. All the other corps had their drillrooms, while the Metropolitan Troop bad to pay rent for the use of a room for foot drill, and they had to be under an obliga- tion to the Agricultural Society for the use of their show yards for mounted drills, and as this ground was to be taken from the Agricultural Society, tho troop would have no stated place to drill upon, Major Anderson, in acknowledging a vote of thanks, stated he was sure a piece of ground would be granted to the troop for drill purposes, if the application was made through the proper channel, and that he would support the application, Several bumpers of champagne having been drunk, the meeting closed. The claret jug was manufactured by Messrs. Walsh Brothers, and boro the following subscription ¡-"Prince of Wales V.V. Light Horse" (with the Prince of Wales' plume engraven underneath). Presented to John M. Bruce, Esq., late Captain, by members of the Metropolitan Troop." Mr. T. Hewlett, Burgeon, has communi- cated his intention to Major Try thal! of pre- senting tho East Collingwood Utiles with a Landsome trophy, to be Bhot for under the following conditions -1, The cup Bhall bo competed for at the ordinary monthly meet- ings of the Rifle Club as a handicap champion trophy. 2. That it be won three times, not necessarily consecutively, before becoming the property of, any member of the corps. 3. That subject to the above general condi tiens all details as to distances aud the handicapping of the competitors be left in the banda of the committee of the Rifle Club, to be adjusted by them from time to time, as circumstances moy require. An interesting ceremony takes placo this evening at half-paBt seven o'clock, at St. John's Church, Latrobs-street west, viz., the induction of the Rev. Canon ChaBe to tho incumbency of St. John's parish, by the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne. The sermon will be preached by the Venerable Archdeacon Stretch, The offertory will be devoted towards the erection of a memorial to the late incumbent, Rev. J. Barlow. Two dastardly attempts to set fire to the timber-yard of Mr. Butcher, in Chapel-street, Prahran, have been made within the last few days. The first attempt was fortunately observed by Constable White when he was proceeding on his rounds between 8 and 9 o'clock on Sunday evening last He noticed a rt (lection at the back part of the premises of Marum and Barrenger's forge, which ad- joins the timber-yard, and on going to it saw that a large wheel and a case reared up against the fence of the timber-yard were on fire. He put the fire out at once, and Bo pre vented a serious conflagration, as the limber- yard would undoubtedly bave naught fire had the flames been allowed to continue much longer. It appeared evident that the fire was not the result of accident, and a good watch was fortunately kept, as about 9 o'clock on Tues- day night Mr. Chapman, who lives in the vicinity, noticed a glare in Messrs. Marom and Co.'b forge. He and some other per- sons entered the forge and found that a paling fence dividing it from the timber-yard had been set on fire, and that some shavings which had been placed abont wore in a blaze. This fire would no doubt have extended to the carpenters' Btiop in Butcher's yard had it not been for several barrels of cement lying between it and the shop. Mr. Chapman and others, however, speedily put it out without any damage being done, and Sergeant Parkinson and the local police have since been endeavouring to dis- cover the incendiary. At about C o'clock last night Constable O'Connor, of Prahran, arrostod a man of the name of Wagner for being drunk, and driving a horse and cart furiously along Chapel-street. The man, however, got away from the constable, and drove off at a gallop along the street, when Sergeant Parkinson met him, and tried to stop the horse and dray. While he was doing so some of the harness gave way, and the sergeant was dragged along a considerable distance, and fell under the wheel. Several gentlemen, amongst whom was Dr. Fetherston, went to his assistance, and took bim to the police Btatlon, where it was found he had received some serious bruises on the leg and side. The bay and corn store of Mr. A. R Smith, situated near the Junction Hotel, St. Kilda, was observed to be on fire yesterday morn ing at 11 o'clock, The Prahran and St Kilda and Melbourne fire brigades arrived in quick time on the scene, but they were unable to save thestore, which was entirely gutted. They were more fortunate with an adjoining shop occupied by Miss Tiggins, a dressmaker, to which tho flames had extended, and sur. ceeded in putting them out when only the roof and a part of the upper story were burnt and a little of the stock in the shop was damaged. The fire commenced amongst como straw in Mr, Smith's store, and is sup- posed to have been caused by some person smoking. Mr. Smith was insured for £130. and estimates his loss at £200, Miss Tiggins was not insured, but her loss is not heavy. An old coloured man named Thomas Buckley, who had been staying ia a house ia a right of-way adjoining the Prince of Wales Hotel, Bouveiie-slreer, Carlton,'was found in a dying state jeaterday morning in the house. He was removed to the Mel- bourne Hoepital, but died before he arrived there. Patrick Clancy, a boy 17 years old, a resident of Sandridge, was taken to the same institution yesterday afternoon suffer- ing from scalds on the body, which he re- ceived through falling into a vat of boiling stéarine at Kitchen's Soap and Candle Works, where he waa employed. Fortu. nately there was not much stéarine in the vat, and the youth's feet and ankles and chest only were injured. Had it been full, be would without doubt have been scalded to death. He was progressing favourably late last night. William Harrison, 55 years of age, a resident of Hotham, when digging a grave at Kew yesterday, fell into it, and received a severe injury to tho hip. He was admitted to the hospital last night, and attended to. Cornelius Maher, aged 21, was admitted yesterday into the Alfred Hospital Buffering from lacerated wounds to the hand and fore- arm and exhaustion from loss of blood. At a fire at St. Kilda yesterday morning hopluckily thrust his hand through a window to allow of the hose being played upon the flames, and received the above injuries. He is doing well. A man named Edward Hillard was also brought to the hospital by the police. He was working in Union-street, Prahran, where he was observed to suddenly fall for- wards, and, on being picked up, was in an insensible condition. The cause is Bupposod to be sunstroke. At about half-past G o'clock last night a constable who was on duty in Little Collitis Btreet west observed smoke issuing from one of the basement windows of the Blore of Messrs. Rosenthal and Co, jewellers. He reported the matter at* once to the Mel- bourne Fire Brigade, and they proceeded to the store and broke into it They then found that the smoke proceeded from two charcoal fires which had beon left burning in stoves. There was no danger of anything taking fire from the stoves, but smoke issued from them, and escaped out of the window mentioned, which was open at the upper sash, A good deal of excitement was caused in the neighbourhood, and a large crowd assembled, most of whom thought the store was on fire. The annual meeting of the Society for the Assistance of Persons of Education was held yesterday afternoon, in the mayor's room, at the Town-hall, the mayor presiding. A satisfactory report and balance-sheet were read and adopted, and office-bearers were appointed for the current year, The usual weekly meeting of the managing committee of the Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday. There were piesent-Mr. Hay (in the chair), Messrs. Hill, Zovenboom, Mahoney, Crouch, ABhley, Irvine, Gray, and Dib. Hunt and Hardy. The resident medical officer reported there were in the hospital 84 men and 95 women, total 179 ; under treatment not in the hospital, 43 men and 9 women ; total under treatment, 231\. The superintendent reported the state of the house to be-Men, 421 ; women, 214 ; total, C55. There was no business of any im- portance before the meeting. About 900 children of the various Sunday schools in connexion with the dissenting churches at Williamstown, proceeded to Sunbury by special train yesterday for a picnic. The excessive heat of the weather militated against the success of the affair, causing several young persons to faint. The railway arrangements were defec- tive, the children being actually crammed into the carriages. A very ead inci- dent occurred during the day. A youth named Samuel Morris accompanied the excursioniatB, and on entering the train for the purpose of returning in the afternoon, be was taken suddenly very ill, aud in a short time he died. The body was brought on to Williamstown in the guard's van, the sad cir- cumstance casting a gloom over the pio nickers, who had other .vise enjoyed them- selves. An entertaining lecture was delivered at the Crimea.street Baptist Church, St Kilda, yeBterday evening, by the Rev, Wm. Jones, the incumbent of the church. The lecture was entitled "The Interesting Subject," and consisted of cursory glimpses into many phases of social and everyday life, being ia terepersed with numerous seasonable hints and uBeful advice to all young people about to enter upon the real business of life. The lecturer's remarks were fully appreciated by those present, as was testified by their fro quent niBiks of approval. The chair was occupied by Mr. Butterfield, and at the con- clusion of the lecture a cordial vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Jones, Towaids the close of his remarks Mr. Jones briefly leferred to the death of the Rev. James Martin, with whom he had been personally acquainted. The Crimea street Baptist Church, which ia a very sub- stantially-built and neat-looking structure, has only recently been erected, and at present there is a debt on the building amounting to about £1,000, which is in a fair way of liquidation. The proceeds of the lecture were devoted to the building fund. A match will be played between the East Melbourne and Kew Asylum Cricket Clubs to-day at Kew. East Melbourne will be repro sertcd by the following players, who aro requested to meet at the E M. ground at 10 o»m,:-Alleo, Carson, Cavenagh, Danby, Wadeson, Hepburn, Jones, M'Farlane, Pass field, Siilett, and Scott The Rev. A. J. Campbell, of Geelong, who proceeds to Scotland on Saturday next by the Hampshire, bj one oí the representative-j to the general council of the Presbyterian Church, to be held in Edinburgh in July next, was waited noon on Wednesday, by a depu- tation from his congregation, and presented with a puree containing 72 sovereigns, as a token of affection to himself and Mrs. Campbell. This is in addition to a con. eiderable sum which has been contributed by the congregation towards the fund that is being raised to defray the expenses of the representatives. The following particulars of the death of Dr. Farrage, formerly of Melbourne, which took place at Chippenham, in England, are taken from the Bath Herald of November 18 :-" We regret to announce the death of Dr. Farrage, which took place yesterday morning. About two months since the doctor was engaged in his garden gathering some filberts, using some steps for the pur- pose, when they gave way, and he received a very severe shock, the effects of which caused a giddiness, from which he has principally suffered. To recruit his health he repaired to Bournemouth, where he intended spending a fortnight, but taking a severe cold, he returned in a few days, since which time, although he partially recovered at first, his health gradually became worse, and he was obliged to obtain medical assistance. On Wednesday last, although somewhat against the advice of his medical adviser, he drove out for a short time to visit some of his patients. He, however, was taken worse at night, but revived, and appeared better on Thursday morning. During the day a gentleman arrived from London for the purpose of taking charge of the doctor's business during his illness, and in the evening they had some conversation to- gether. Subsequently the doctor became insen- sible, and continued in that state till his death, which was caused, it is thought, by the rupture of a blood-vessel in the head, the result of a shock he received when he fell in his garden. Dr. Farrage had spent a number of years in the colonies, having been in prac- tice in Melbourne. He has been a resident of Chippenham for about four years, during which time he had made many friends, by whom his death is much deplored, but not more so than by those in the humbler walks of life, who had often benefited by his timely acts of charity." The sittings of the aesizo court at Geelong will commence at Geelong to-day. The fol- lowing are the caBes to be dealt with: George Irwin, larceny from a dwelling; George Wilson, arson ; Walter M'Beath, on bail, assault and robbery. Civil Jurisdiction. -Before juries of twelve-Longden v. Wei- gall, Murnane v. Overend and another. Before a jury of four-Groy v. Pearson. " On Thursday laat," reports the Kilmore Adierlistr, of the 8th inst, "Mrs. Spend, love, an old resident of Seymour, while engaged gathering fruit in the garden, acci- dentally trod on a snake, when the reptile immediately retaliated, and bit her twice on the ankle. She had sufficient presence of mind, however, to tio n garter as tightly as she could above tbe part bitten, and then gave alarm. Fortunately, Mr, Gilbert waa .passing at ibe time, and rendered what assistance he could by putting on a tighter ligature. Mr, Slillman, the well-known chemist, was at once called in, and proceeded to incise the affected part and apply ammonia, with the lest poasible results, and Mrs. Spendlove is cow completely out of danger. This is the sixth case of snake-bite, wo understand, that has been treated successfully by Mr. Stillman, who, itisncedlees to say, is a firm believer in the ammonia treatment," A melancholy accident occurred at Woorn- doo, near Mortlake, on Saturday, the 3rd ¡nat. Three young men, named Lang, Nevin, and Holdsworth, went boating in a sort o¡ box canoe on the lake at the Bolac Plains station. By means of a couple of stioks which were used as oars by Lang and Nevin, the canoe was taken out into deep water. When about GO yards from the shore, the oarsmen commenced "larking" together, and capsized tho boat. Holdsworth, the only one who could not swim, succeeded in clutch- ing the canoe, and getting upon it, but the other young men, who struck out for the bank, became entangled in the weeds, and viere drowned. A verdict of accidentally drowned was returned. The first weather map that has been pnb. lished in the Australian colonies appears in the Sydney Morning Herald of the 5th inst. The credit of producing it (says that journal) belongs to the New South Wales Govern- ment aetronomer, Mr. Russell, who projected it some two years Bince, and while in Eng- land and America examined the systems there in nee for producing daily weather maps. On his return in October, 1875, the plan for a daily weather map in Sydney was matured, submitted to the Government-, and approved. In February, 1876, just 12 months Bince, the map was ready for pub- lication, but a difficulty arose in gotting the necessary telegrams, and it had to be deferred. Soon after this, Mr. Ellery, the Government astronomer for Victoria, re- turned from England, and proposed to pub- lish a weather map for Victoria, and invited the co-operation ol theastronomers for South Australia and New South Wales in ex- changing weather telegrams, This was cor- dially given, and a cypher code has ¡boen agreed upon, which, as far as possible, re- duces the number of words to be sent, and at the same time the risk of orror, The exchange between Sydney and Melbourne began on 29th of January, and that with South Australia will be completed as soon ob Mr. Todd, Govern- ment astronomer for South Australia, and who is in Sydney on the Cable Confer- ence, returns to Adelaide. It is expected also that all the other colonies will join in tho effort to make the ByBtom as complete as possible, and we may reasonably hope for Borne effective warning of any future storm. Ab the mechanical appliances for producing the map are all ready at the New South Wales Observatory, it has been determined to publish daily for the future. The map is prepared for publication at the observatory, and a few copies printed ob office records. After the telegrams are reduced and dis. enssed, one hour suffices to make the map ready for publication. The plan adopted is novel, and saves nearly all the trouble that has been, and in fact is still, experienced in other places. The Warrnambool harbour works (says the Examiner of the 7th inst.) are progress, ing favourably, and we Bhall soon have to report particulars with respect to laying the first stone. The jetty is now piled oat to 750ft-. (the full extent), but the planking is not yet completed. Thia jetty ia nearly the length of the tramway jetty. A number of concrete blocka are now ready, but until the punt which is to carry them to their destination is finished none will be laid down. At least a month will elapse beforo this work will be Btarted. The boord appointed to inquire into the circumstances attending the burglary alleged to have occurred on December 4, at the Ox- ford-street Branch Post, Telegraph, Money order, and Government Savings Bank Office, Sydney, havo presented a most voluminous report on the subject to the Postmaster General, who haB laid it before the New South Wales Parliament. It will bo romem bered that Government money to the amount of £205, in bank notes aud coin, was supposed to have been stolen, besides jewellery) and other property be. longing to Mr, Lovy, the postmaster. According to Mr. Levy's evidence, he heard a noise about 1 o'clock on the morning of the ?lth December, and on going downstairs he found burglars at work. They seized him, nearly strangled him, and then threw a strong acid in his face. Tho wholo story, as narrated by Mr. Levy, was iriveBted with an air of sen- sationalism and unreality, which evidently 'impressed the board. The report mercilessly dissectB the evidence, points out its inconsis- tencies and improbabilities, and winds up by expressing the opinion that "Mr, Levy's conduct throughout the whole business waB of a moat suspicious and unsatisfactory character." A diabolical attempt was made on the eveaioti ol tho lth inst., says the Qipp» Land Times, "to upset a train running from the Morwell to Sale. The train consisted of Beveral tracks laden with telegraph poleB, and drawn by an engine and tender, the latter being in front On approaching the bridge over the Sheepwash Creek, about half-post 6 o'clock, it was seen that an obstruction had been placed on the line, and that it was of a formidable character. Brakes were immediately applied, but the distance was too short, and the incline at this point too great, to prevont collision. Fortunately, the obstruction was driven on, and in a short time caught up by the tender, When the train was brought up it was found that a large and heavy portion of a tarn, tablo had formed the obstacle, and that it had been torn and wrenched by the force of the shock. There is no doubt that it was wilfully placed on the line. Had the train been thrown off the track the consequences would have been fearful. Nothing could have saved engine and trucks from going over into the creek, and as several persons wero travelling on the engine, loss of life must have occurred, as well as destruction of property. It is to be hoped that the perpe- trators of this scoundrelly deed will bo speedily discovered." "The Hawaiian Commercial Advertiser mentions the receipt from Captain C. C. Moreno, the gentleman who has been inde- fatigable in procuring the passage by Congress of the Transpacific Cable Bill, of a letter from San Francisco, stating that he hopes to visit Honolulu shortly, in the interests of the Cable Company." The Fiji Times stales that the Roko Tui. Council was opened at Wolkara on Novem- ber 20, by His Excellency Sir Arthur Gordon. The council, after debating several ques- tions submitted to them by His Excellency, as well as some originating with themselves, adopted certain resolutions, which were for- warded to Sir Arthur Gordon. The busi- ness included the adoption of a reply to the message of condolence and sympathy from Her Mojesty on the woes occasioned by the outbreak of measles a year or two ago. The import revenue collected at the port of Le- vuka during 1870 amounted to £14,541, At the Theatre Royal last evening, Mr. Cavanagh, the boxkeeper, received a com- plimentary benefit. There was a large attendance. The pantomime was given iu full for the lost time, and the entertainment was diversified by a munica! interlude, ia which Herr Gerlacb, Mr. Moronoy, and others contributed their services This eveniDgMr. Greville will receive a benefit, and an attractive programme is announcsd. A varied entertainment will be given, in- cluding the drama of "Hand and Glovo," and a scene from the pantomime. At the Opera-house this evening Lecocq's comic opera " La Fille de Madame Aogot " will be produced. The name of Mies E. J. Vaughan was omitted from the saloon passenger Ric of the p.s.Julia Percy, which arrived on Wednesday from the western ports. A lecture will be delivered at the West Melbourne Independent Church this evening, by the Rev. S. J. Wbitmoe. The subject is, " How Was the World Formed ? ' The lecture will be illustrated by astronomical views ex- hibited with the Bciopticon by Mr. A. M. Henderson. The monthly meeting of the Fourth Union Benefit Building and Investment Society was held at the offices, 82 Collins-street east, last evening, Mr. T. Mohahan in the chair. The receipts of the evening were announced as £2,001 9s. Cd" and 3001 shares were bal- loted. We are requested to call attention to an advertisement in another column notifying that the firm of M. Mobs and Co., of Wynynrd-lano, Sydney, have opened a branch house in Melbourne, at No. 10 Market buildings, William- street. The business will he conducted by Mr. H. L, Nelson, late M.P. for Orange, New South Wales, who will represent the firm in this colony. Wo have received the second number of the Australasian Insurance and Bankin;/ ac- cord, which fully maintains the oharaater of the publication. It opens with au article on the agreement between the banks as to rates of dieconnt wbich has lately been brought to n termination, and contains a variety of in- formation on the subjects with wbich it is its object to deal. It cannot fail to prove ex- ceedingly useful to these connected with "insurance, banking, and finance." The Rev. G. W. Torrance, M A" has been appointed by the Bishop of Melbourne to the pnriBb of All Saints, Geelong, where he will probably enter upon his new work next week. Mr. Toiranco will officiate in St. John's, Melbourne, on next Sunday, and intends preaching a farewell sermon on tho eveniog of that day. It may interest Mr. Torrance'* friends to know that the parish of All Saints ib ono of the most important in that part of the diocese, and offers abundant opportuni- ties for ministerial zeal and earnestness. A full choral service will be hold in the Town-hall on Sunday next, at 3 p m., when the Rev. Mr. Pearce, of Christ Church, South Yarra, will officiate. The service will be Ebdon in F, and tho hymns from the ancient and modern collection. A oolloo lion will be made in nid of tho funds of tbo Ladies' Benevolent Society, a charitable in- stitution wbich is entitled to every support, The usual meeting of the choir will take place for practice in the Town-hall to-morrow at 7.30 p.m., as usual, when the members are requested to bring copies of the "MeBBiab." At the annual meeting held in the Uni- tarian Church, Grey-street, on Tuesday evening laBt, an illuminated address, signed by the members of the church, oxpressive of the high esteem and regard in whioh Mr. Turner and his wife, who will Bhortly visit Europe, ore held, was presented to Mr. Turner, At the same time a handsome album containing the photographs of the members of the congregation waB pre- sented to Miss Turner, the talented and bigbly-esteemcd minister of tbo church, this being the third anniversary of her ministry. The quarterly meeting of the St. Kilda Lodge, No. 11, I O C1.T., was held last Tues erny evening, in the Congregational school- room, Alma-road. The lodge was reported to be in a very flourishing condition. The deputy W.C.T. (Bro. Corlett), assisted by Bros. Richmond and Sands, installed the officers elect for the ensuing quarter in their respeo tive positions :-P.VV.C C, Bro. Hughes; W.C.T., Bro. Lane ; W.V.T., Bro. Martin ; W.S., Bro. J. West (re- elected) ; W.A S., Bro. W.West; W F.S., Bro. Nicholson (re-elected) ; W.A.F.S, Sister Richmond; W.T., Bro. R. West; W.M., Sister Murray (re-olocted) ; W.DM., Bro. Barton; W.J.G,, Bro. Jones-, W.O.G., Bro. Davies; W.L. and R. Sup- porter?, Sisters Fleming and Gardiner. At the quarterly meeting of the Melbourne Lodge No. 11.O.G.T., held on the 2nd inst, roporls were read and adopted whioh showed the lodge to be in a very prosperous position. The following officers for the current term weio duly installed by tho D.G.W.C.T., Bro. T. B. lilli, assisted by Bros. Collins and St George, acting as G W.S. and G.W.M. respectively -.-W.C.T., Bro. D. Bannerman ; W.VT., Sister Elizabeth Calvert; W.S., Bro. W. Oxenham ; W.F.S , Bro. D. Hutton ; W.T., Bro. H. Calvert; W.C, Bro. Rev. Robinson; W.M. Bro. P. Clark; W.A.S., Bro. S Moore ; W.D M" SiBter Standring ; W.R.H.S., Bro. W. M, Hutton; W.L.H.S, Sister M. Paydon ; W.I.G., Bro. Weedon ; W.O.G., Bro. J. B. Clark. A pnblic tea meeting and recognition service was held on Tuesday evening at the Wollinaton.street Independent Church, Col- lingwood, to welcome the Rev. David Mea dowcroft, who has accepted a unanimous call from the members of the ohuroh to the pastorate. There was a very large attendance of the friends and supporters of tho church. After ten, the chair was taken by Mr. W. Smith, the mayor of tho city, and addrrsseo of a congratulatory character were delivered by the Revs. S C. Kent, J. Mirams, E. T. Myles, Higgins, Kinsman, aud others, including tho chairman and secretary of tho Congregational Union, the Revs. T. Lovor and J. J. Halley, which wore duly acknow- ledged by the newly-inBtalled pastor and by Messrs. Whitcber and Meaden on behalf of the deacons and members of tho congrega- tion. The choir of the church contributed several musical selections. At the usual weekly meeting of the Erac rald-hill Lodge No. 205,1.O.G.T., hold ia the Baptist Chapel, Yoik-Btreet, Emerald-hill, on February 1, the reports of the various officers was read and adopted, showing that the lodge is in a very satisfactory condition. The following officers wero then duly installed by the lodge deputy, Bro. Perrett, assisted by Bro. Lambert, of tho Melbourne Lodge, No, L, and Bro, Dimond, of the Good Intent Lodge, No. IV., Emerald bill, as Grand Worthy Marchai and as Grand Worthy Secretary respectively : P W.C.T., Bro. Poole ; W.C.T., Bro. Dawson ; W.V.T., Bro. Callen; W.S., Bro. C. H. TownB; W.T., Bro. Sims; W.F.S., Bro. Moore; W.C, Sister Drew, j un.; W.M., Sister Holder; W.J.G., Bro. Coleman; W.O.G, Bro. J. Gould, jun. (second term) ; W.RH.S., Bro. Watson; W.LH.S,. Sister M'Leisch; W.A.S., Sister Gould; W.D.M,, Slat« Alkinwu, 