ftemd ol HtUiga Thk Cable Conference has closed at Sydney, and baa scarcely been a complete success. It has not decided npon any second Hoe, bnt, on the other hand, it -fans pledged the colonies to subsidise the present line to the extent of £20,000 per annum if it will rednoe the tariff to fis per word. Bush-Fires, — Throughout the whole of Saturday nigh Sunday, and yesterday the atmosphere was filled with emoke, and a glare in the sky over Pierrepoint and another farther to the right indicated at night-time where tile conflagrations were going ahead. The one at the rear of Pierrepoint appeared to be on a comparatively small seal bnt we ware informed by a gentleman who eame in from Panshnret yesterday that the second fire seen from Hamilton was apparently cov ering, a large area between Macartbnr and Hawkeadal Our informant, who baa resided many yeara in the district, said thia fin wa to all appearance, the largest he baa seen ia tins locality, the glare in the sky at night be- tog very gnat. It waa reported to town yes- terday that the smaller fire had broken out od Monivae, and that Mr. Thomson's woolshed had been bnrnt down. We have Mr. Thom son's authority for stating there is no troth to the report ; it was at tee head of Buckley's swamp that the fire broke "fit. par Ba). moral correspondent writes ;Besh fires have Loen raging all about, increasing the already sufficiently sooRjphg' atmosphere. The amokh haogs 'like a -pall all xtmnd tee' horizon, and at night tee lnrid glare in the sky betokens that the enemy to landowners is still unoonqnered. Western Stage Company. — It will with pleasure' be obaarved by bis many friends that Mr. Charles Anderson has again beoome a partner in tim Western Stage Com- pany, the disaolntion of partnerteipxecenUy m w seen. by onr Warrnambooi 'fahgram, the, ateamBT Argyle had a narrow eeoape yeeter. 'terday, having tun aabore daring a fog. The Border Railway. — The fact is beginnine to be rroognised in tide diitriot, that if Victoria wants to preserve bar own' toad she wiU have to meet, step; by step, foe sdyenesaof Stmth Austialia towards tee tiwrerore yiotoria oao only Ooofrtnt Htr rifrj by taking a railway to Apslet; yffiiidi' is F®a& northward it will be time for our Goret mrnt to meet it bv takinc tiie Horsham rail- way to Breder Tiown. TWian South Aus tralia- -forther - eomrtetea bar il nfiway fromRivoh Bayto Mount Gambirr, rt wdl be incumbent on Viptoria to btaAro.re her at Csaterton, or perhaps Lindsay. Who- oheWtald ttihk toarS'V 17 > »k" 4he wb!le of -S&k; The diffioolty at tpdqufiw most preaaiDg, peosuse onr eeighbonra are actually rnnning their trains Jnjsldes proximity to that por- tloh of the Wimmera, and no other point would Intercept tiie Wool traffic now pesaing along tee Nmrraooorte Ito As to rentes, and ESenhop to Ajialey. This would pass through compirativrly poor ooontry, most of whioh- conaists of Grown lands, and tee lice re«ldbe very level, withbntlew engineering dffidnltiss..' IXtte f.vhpuwre-; Another ecbegre wuch mM oommand more support, - and that is to tnl'o . 1. via Coleraine, Nsreen to Apsley. This w0Idd of tee best farming coonh tbroH district, and would 10 The line for Cmt, Coleraine, thus complete sonth-western connties, mrechsote the opportn'W with South Anstrali w when Parliament meets fL<a" nderable clamor for railvtL® Victorians equal facilitS. f offered in the adjtoolMikiB Value op Colokial in have to acknowledee the Messrs. Windeler and showtog the fluetnation, b colonial wools during the nul ir whioh cannot fail to be owner and can be seen at we notice that Port March 1865, wraeold »ta7.,«B Jane it fell down to 25H . December it realised 274.77. 1866, was op to 28(4 TbeD>>|H an valne, sometimes risie. a September and Deoember fetching only 19A After thia and in Deoember, 1872, reaWtH higheetaverage reached. TheTn with eras ana in the followgH was only deemed worth 274 rienoing many fluetnation, :t 1876, tad was in tee last monttH qnotefi at 25d, and the npwaid tinue The highest averaa, Port Phillip fleeoe a-aa j.H 187 viz., 28d ; and the loweathl WjU. Port Phillip greuyJ ebb in September, 1870. wh»T at Sid; and its highest namely, 16(4. The higheat Sydney fleece wee in February ber, 1872, and October, 1871 the lowest, HJd, in June, tember, 1870. Ripon AND UampdexJT. Morton, of Lsbon was waited Saturday by a number of electa Miners' Beet and BurrumbeetdiriLH electorate of Ripon ud EaapdTt'H sen ted with a requiti tiun, «ii-3 elector asking him to aOesbj.H nominated aa a oudidate for thtRall tion of the oonstitneuoy. The was made by tee president of thtiH Lsarmonth, and the requisition tual to sueh flattering terms that onoe acceded to the request thoshaSI Commenting en the above, the "We bdieve not more than of tee di visions named remain tsbgH among the other two candidate, Mr. Morton polls anything KhaiaH in the other divisions of the elettaH return is almost cartata." ThiihrtH well. Mr. Motto we know, h respected to the neighbourhood reside bnt surely it is a pit; h aandidstes— Mr. Sbaw, jun., and — against Mr. Lougmors. Wtj latter snoh an immense adraDtag. 1 Portland and Railwai HON. — Strike high or strike low unH are never satisfied. Thee the diae, 'which for yean has heeskmtel fact that Hamilton and Portland dhnal together, now devotes an article that the interests of the two plica lately, irreoonoilable, and that delusion and disappointment cmU arise from any friendly sflianoe. of the Guardian ia actuated by aednessV — sa Artemna Ward wdljB only this and nothing more. We pened to mention that there wu prevent both Portland ud Gaiterto, ho willed it, from sending delegitarsifiH with the Dondaa and YiliierB AmamH tfae occasion of the railway msetemiH at Bslfut for the 9th, ud thia enongh to raise the tile ol the Jupiter Altitooans, and to mahlteH opposition for opposition's sihe. ventured to snggest that 1 n3n;flH Apsley aonneoting with the FortinlnM would be a good thing to prenat trade going to Laoepede Bay, wherenpon the Guardian d cornea HH| notion u a weak invention of theeaqlH wouldn't have it at any prise. fatSm standing that Portland is about bbijfigl| nected with Hamilton by railway, ni99H temporary conriders it preposteresittiSH that tee more railways are brocdigtiH Hamilton tee better it will he h lq| nor will any soheme meet hia appnnlnH does not exelnde Warmambool from all participation io the rwlnyqHH tore of the colony. Whatever Hamfltcm hu the peculiar effect Portland journalist that a red rag boll, bnt we happen to know tbattiaNH tee Portland people no more cantankerous notions ol onr ashH than they sympathise with the local journalist to make them out 1 : riity of prOtectioniste, slentviSsH bnrsters-np. In conrse of timetkSH the Guardian snffers from will was cure. An Off-Day at Penou.— days' good racing, s few genilemadH mauned at Penola on Satnrday Steeplechase between seven of that had been engaged at the Dan Bice, Ginger, Bnahmau, Tien Tsin, Cyclone, and SrtnH owners contribnted a sweepstatesJM each, and a snbecription brought the Sm to £48. At three p.m. the irmiH titers were sent away to a after three hnrdies had been nggussatt two horses were left in the n the "Heathen Chinee " end Smnh» Tsin led to the kst bnrdle, fto chance to tee winds by banlkirig, shine cantered in an easy winner. Wanted a Doctor — We (writes onr Balmoral correepon<lml)rtB doctor, bnt hope this want wffl filled by the arrival of one. inatanoes lately caoeed great expense, besides much annsV- of mine had to telegraph for«»W'H Edenbope, which cost bimv«y«taj is a wonder to me that eo«h is not quickly filled. I do notn"H tfae Odd Fellows' Club medico, it wonld be rather awkrt# case of sickness among its membta The Recent Pouce decision of Captain Standiah w4 to tee charges and oonnfor«P,B Sergeant Richards and ConiWMtrB to which allusion has aliesdf these eolnmn has been givm- ,J— Commissioner, after peruneg taken, Is of opinion thst ConatabK hu been actuated by mstooMJ orders- his removal to the Uta Snperintendent Chambera to 1 penalty he considers snffiota?H use. Mr. Chambers 1 has the man forty shillings. « Richard Captain fitandieh _«! adputa'spme mfnor irregnlantia. (tee CommiBsioner) does not iuy to take farther notim pf the Sergeant ias frraruHypre satisfaction to the ?nW«b » |H Richards hu been station I fori in tiie1 district, and although 1 his pomtion are often of an ter, he has endeavpnred withodt fete, faTont.-er affecbou. f I lipE 'BaihSes. amnsing etoriee have been told ready wit of the late eminent 1J.L, Ireland, hit the foUowing, M'Keta »d Bowman. Tte tioned' candidates were etronnH by the Loyal Liberal »n |> these gentry, the ' conshtntioo' 1||H was hot allowed anything hk They packed his meebce p«JI ropted'hifo as nrtidh " more turbulent tfaan the raJM boo-bocing,'. bnt atadiomlj kfi of sight ot tbe candidate. A« land conld stand it no jSjjk tried to discover who hisrowilB wae. He abruptly stePpsdfijH on tiptoe, 'craned' h»n«=k. over tee heads of thecrowd. to sniff! sniff II The aud.ec» ensnense. Suddenly eiiread-oyer Jus pnpntenan , I smeU the badger, gentleiOT said the hidden spectator tee badger, gentlemen, sod » recognise tee voice. U" ' , client of mine, whom If"" ag-rwi banged, slthoegh he to«y H way he expresses bis n f e .„ .!,» advocate who saved bis lift-' greetad thia saUy .nd B." S. thlre were fewer mterruptiooB, \ kse ' uchacged man ' being quiet." , abectt Freestone. —The recorda that "Tne ilaepeeto c retorced from a tooP?f inspect, bb"" k<l the Western di.tnct wh. >«-«- „'r nearly three weeks. DnnngTiiB b,dia.ir Wardell visited Mount Abrnpt, ' atone for the new law courts ia: to j ""sled and fonna that both aa-reffwdnt fcitt w'qomity, there ia nothmghetta i vwired." We have, already .givbn ,vtn thecolamns of theJSpedator tb'the hetsotartainbd both by Mr. Wmdeil h1 vdd ol the above building material. reiuefc-o' evidence, the paragraph we bfjretqooted. is not without vaio bcmcket — the secretary of the Hamil- renh has requested us to call attention Blrti last that a general meeting of .members be held at 8 o'clock this evening, atthe Hotel, when buMoeae of importanoe i EubTtalren into consideration. WkilBton 0f cricket, it may be stated that revived " excellent likeneaaofthe K'm bowler Ssm Cosetick, Ulfrfhed , t WoodhouBe. Theee portraita are u1 .„\j at 2s 6d each, and the profits are b paid over to the "old hoes"— as Coss- called— who has done ao mnoh for the Victoria, and in the natural coarse . KZJnst soon tske a back seat Copies H, pmonred on appUcation to Mr. Gaff- at the Victoria HoteL v wtmltok V. Cavendish.— Arrange- Kents have beec entered into for the -return between the H.C.C. second eleven and Hmdisb team, to be played here on Satqr- P' Delt The Hauulton team will be choatn Bern tbe following, who are requested to put appearance on the ground this afternoon BrlrecSce, Viax-Mesata. Thomson, Lett. Kvlm! Heron, M'Lellan. Mott, Kennedy, Keue(21, White, Cuseeu, Smalpage,. Cooks, H'Donald, Rooke, and Richmond. aibxaktea College — -ii one thing/ Kore than, another were calculated to impress Ksitors unfavourably abont the Alexandra Bollege under the old regime, it was the fact Kat the ground in front of the building was Kowed to remain on unsightly waste. Weeda Kere grew apace, and such an evident want Hf taste and industry was calculated to lead the impression that there would also boo Baot of culture inside the establishment. Of Bourse we know each has never been, and in H probability never will be the case ; atili, taste for the beautiful evidenced in the hrotmds cannot fail to iocrease tbe popn- Krity of the college; It is therefore with Hiessare we notice that the Rev. Mr. Wal- kce is laying out the gronnd. He proposes eform a flower garden, with carriage drive hading up to the grand entrance, the garden efie bordered with shrubberies, and there kn be little doubt a very great improvement kl scon he noticeable. The appearance of. bie college inside has also been much im- eored, and it it satisfactory to learn that biere is every probability of the attendance scholars being more numerous than aver before known. h Ikspictoes of Sheep.— It is not the rdestion of the Government to make any eab appointments of sheep inspectors, as the biloiiy has now bean deolarod free from aoab. he scab districts will be conjoined as oppor- kioity offers. dxn Bice, the well-known steeple- bhsss horse, has changed hands, -haviDg been h|j at Fenola raosa by Mr. George Rex to k.. fnuk u'Leod. Mr. Rex atateslt to be k, intention to sell all his boraea, aa be finds kat, after winning a race, they are always k» heavily weighted. the Accident at wit.t.t a wetown.— fihe gentiemsn who during the early part of banusry fell over a balcony of tbe hotel in khich be was staying at Williamatown; and ked from the effect of the injuries he then egeired was Mr. James Hope, brother of KT Hon. e. Hope, who for a considerable BSeiiod represented the Sooth-Wee tern Pro- knee in tbe Legislative Council. All efforta hcade by the polios to etop the train which Bonveyed the corpae to Geelong, in order that kn inqneet might be held, were futile, and kp deceased was, in doe course, buried in Eastern Cemetery, being followed to tbe btiv, by a long cortfige coneisting of the reading residents of tbe district. The de-, kaaaed gentleman was partner with hie bra- kher George in one of the most beautiful i wiueyards near 'Geelong ; alao, we believe, in nige squatting properties in Riverine. There ' ere none in that portion of the Western Biatrict more highly respected than tbe three brothers — Robert, George, and James Hope. the coroner at Geelong was of opioion' eiat an inqneet ebonld be held, the Minister f Justice issued the nsual license for the Kihnmation of the body for that purpose. The Age devotes a column of leading reticle to Mr. William Ganneon, with the ob- toect of persuading him to withdraw his oandi- bure for Sasdridge. The ape says that brhat the country requires is a body of iron- ides, and not mere sucklings or pap-fed Breakliogs, who mistake patter and pertneae bor statesmanlike vigour and purpose. Young bauuon, our coutemporary thinks, would riiu much credit, which would count profit- bihly at a future time, by gracefully taking nmself out of the way, and hie perautence in Bhrnsting himself forward is only weakening ke liberal canse. But Willy doesn't eee it bis views of the reqniremente of the liberal rsnse ate different altogether, and he is in cry after the State allowance of £300 a rear, nor will he be turned off the scent by an lye leader. Mr. w. Ganneon has decided to bubmit himself to another meeting of the reform League, and he will abide their de- asion. , cltc and Dogs. — It having been kated that the proprietors of Cooper and raiiey'e rirens have been in the habit of giv- ve free admission to boys bringing cats and hgs for ssle as food for the aniinals in the veotgerie, Mr, Bailey haa written to the spars to indignaotly deny thstsnoh bas ever k«n the case. He says, " the animals are edopon good wholesome beet procared daily r t. R. Bennett, Bonrke-street." Wben one bmea to think of the thousands of homeless, arang cars that roam abont Melbourne and mrarba, and have often been the means of puling fatal acoidente, and of the wandering that make night hideooB with their ptirwaalinga, it would seem a pity that Mr, sailey has refused to give a quick dispatch to ooee hronght to him. Tbe " good wholesome " <»pld have been given in retnrn to tbe roer oi the city, - - bjiphopl Buildings. — Tenders for the rmcbon of brick boildiogs for school pnr- b"' 1 Murtoa, Lallat, and Qorsibain, will received at tbe Education department op f j,?-®-- ou Tneeday, 18th insfc. G&msoig; Lands. — Tenders for the jjcepatinn for grazing pnrpoees only of' ,4w acres, remnant of a forfaited ran in h.i tn y 6® received np to noon ftneaday, 27th inst., Iw the Board of land SJNPf, ' ; W® Land Sale at Wabbnaa$- observe by toe Gazfitto VfratVo' Wift«antasfo of Crown lands Will be held on the 6to 'Mmh, pom- am, JdrtyAeyen togmTots Euhnrh also' the following i— Due lot adjoining tbe township of t js3nnfey in the BiriphfN of Htewonh West, Nollawarre, Carasmt, rrramlingham, Wools thorpe, Garvoc, jophrblcb) accetted.-iqppirw of e, ®- 2qre.'3lba. of three-inchoato 3®'6d per ton, Ararat arid utherland apd h. Mnrley, £100 ,„ . AppEOTED.-r/Bec. 19 F. Schofield. Sit; 8. a M- Duachka, Monta- i ' yfopj /. dock- w- WheHer, "Napier ; BSariisio lnn-i Mncamboro ; j. Davidscm,' su, aaluch,'' w. 4lrf0„ bhi ? ®i|ei ?. m'lvor, and bud wvti,?0 er » Hope, bmkerbprt Bud i'lt? ; b-' Goran ell' andT.s. bis, oh,?sin®. Edenhope ; g. Hmist, bu-Gnth. fnn il Lewie, . Killara;' j. Bio»sGltII Dewrang ; S.Liater, WeiTi,, b«su. avrt' mrsn,yo jennings Tre-. bu\ fe80"' .Hyamyn ; P. O'Neal. , m r vv.i v mm80n' Mourie. .Sea! 49 — : b&uhl; p Wh®hm ; J. A. LaJdlaw, b«seror i? y' Woolsthorpe £ D.'. b1- Robeim rSS Hemp. Leases, Sec. 33— " bnibrit godaa&aa; » sma r. Watt, li.i'1? b the bells bwoe w® uay «a well give toe uohce of them from the IFoteAs— ' The Lyndi Family of BeHriniers gave an entertainmnt for children intha institute Hill on Wednesday afternoon. A laige ntunber of jovenilee attended. In the evening they gave toe ooncfoding entertain, ment of toe series, when, a new programme was presented. The' Meters. ' Lynch : were warmly impleaded for. their skilfal oampsno- logian mnaio, which was in even way as ancceeafally rendered as in toe preriona en. tor tain meats. Mr. F. Verten was veiy good portrayed. , Mr. T. Margetta eang onoe or twice, and was encored. " The entertainment included several oomic dnete by toe yoonger members ot the Lynch family, and <v"clinfrd with a-frvroo entitied "Thb OlwdFPtoe Pawnshop," which sent toe audience home in right good bnmour. Aootdnnt.— hie WarrncanJbodt'Stanet- ard vegreta to learn that-.Mx. Jamee' H. Irvine, of Irvine and Hamilton, met with an Bccidehbbn Toeaday last Uebaabeefi one visit to Dnnmore, and .whilst walking throngh a gate to inspect some horses, at Orford, he fell over a stamp, causing hisvigbtiinn' to be broken immediately above the elbow. He was brought in to Warrnambool, to the Western Hotel, on toe following day, arid he ia now progressing well -under toe care cf hi» " medical adviser. . The ABC Railway and Road Guide for tbe enrrent monto ia to hand. As usual, it contains toe very latest information that can be of aervioeto the traveller whether by land or by water, . Burton's Circus will open at Ham ilton to-night, and will probably prove si: popular as ever. The Warrnambool Btan&.! ard gives tbe following critique of toe per'' formance Daring the past two evenings Messrs. Barton and Taylor's Circne baa bfien in Warrnambool, performing before 'crowded audiences. The most attractive feature has been the_ daring riding ot Mr. W. IL .Morgan who elicited fond applause by his foata/eape- cially in bonndiog over tbe bnrdles, holding on to the tail of 'the borse, pnd flighting on his feet on the bare-backed animal. The Japanese rope-walker, Tora Kitchi, aided by Mae and Cfieaa Kitchi, also formed interest ing features . in toe performances. , Mr. W. H. Gilham waa aa good as ever in his riding in comical scenes, and Mdlle. La Roaiere alao appeared to advantage in her dancing on horseback. Master Willie Consens rode with great spirit ea the fox-hunter, on both' evenings. Mr, Da Free, and Charley Harris made excellent clowns, the former also giving songa and dances. In vault-, fog »n4 on toe trapeze, Messrs.. Ka- vanagh, Tindall, and Lewis, Bhowed great skill, and were aided by Masters Conaena and Albert Kina The doga in trod need by Mr. Gilham,- and toe pony "Saltan,'-' by Mr, Burton, greatly amused the juvenile portions of the andieooea especially. The (nesent company, aa now re -organised, presents ad entertainment embracing great variety in character, end all toe performances are oarzied out very soocessfally. Western Caledonian Socnrrr. — It is notified by advertisement that a Highland gathering 'is to be beld at Warrnambool, under the auspices of the above-named so ciety, on the 13th March. Entries for Che virion sraoes must be lodged with tbe hon; secretary before 4 p.m. on toe 7th March. New Insolvent. — Schedule filed at Warrnambool: — John Malcolm Murray, Pens- hnret, dqaler. liabilities, £100 Ts tlld ; as- SBta, ..£24 ,19a Id y deficit, £75 7a CanseB Of insolvency — sickness in family, end falling off in bnainese. Mr. A. B. Mackay, official assignee. A meeting of creditors will be held before the ohief clerk at the conrt hoose, Warrnambool, on the 14th of -Febrnary, at two p.m. Dunkeld Sports. — We again remind intending competitors tint- tins n oxnin ations for Dunkeld eporte close on 'Thursday next. The handicaps. -will appear in our inane iff Satordav. f A Painful Accident, our Geelong correspondent writee, ooenrred on the Barra- bool Hills on Friday, by which a yonng man, Henry, aon of the well-known fanner of that name, met his death. In company with hia brother, he had been ont fishing on the Bar- won, And was riding tome across the bridge at Pollock's ford, wben a bollock suddenly rose np in front oi his horse, earning it to rear. Incoming down, it knockedtbe hnl- look down,- and also fell with Ha rider, who waa so crashed that, notwithstanding medical asaistanoe was rendered, aa quickly as pos sible, young Henry died at balf-pastS o'clock CD Saturday uiOnaiug. . The Port Fairy. Turf Club have issued a very attractive programme for their race meeting Which ia to be held on the 22nd March. The total amount of added money is £260, sub-divided as follows : — Maiden Plate, 40 sovs. ; Hurdle Baoe, 60 sovs. S Port Fairy Handicap, 100 sovs, ; : Steeplechase, 50 sovs. ; and Belting Stakes of 20 sovs. Nominations most be sent in as per < advertisement on the 20th February. ! Declared Void. — The following licensee having -expired by effluxion of time, are declared void, and the lands will riot be available for selection, viz., John Dnricsn, 10 acres, Ynppeckiar; H. M'Dougall, 80 acres, Monivae. Open for Selection. — The following lands, will be npen for selection on and after Friday, the 16th of February, at 9 a.m.t via., George Broad bent's selection of 320a, in \- Telangatok ; Thomas Clark's of 320a, in the same parish; and A. Milne's selection of 319a lr 32p, in the parish of Moyston. Temporarily Eesehved. — Site for school purposes, 5 acres, Kooloomnrt ; site for 'Mechanics' Institute, twenty perches, Macartbnr ; rite fbr abattoirs, 21a Or 32p. in the municipal -district of WmTTxuunboob Officer for Marriages. — Mr. M. J. Kyan, deputy ragistrarof births and deaths, at Warrnambool, haa been gazetted aa an officer to celebrate marriages under the pro visions of the " Marriages and Matrimonial Classes Statute, 1874." Estates op Deceased Persona — The Carator of Intestate Estates has pub lished bis statement1 of all monies received arid paid daring tiie.half y ear ending the 31«t of December, in the following «statee,: viz.; — Timothy J. Breen, Werracknabeal, . received £31 la 6d, paid £13 10s 5d ; Wiltiam Cleary, Boiwarra, received nil, paid 8s j ' George Downing, Ararat Lunatic Asylum, reoeived £14 15s 7d, paid £14 l«5d; W. L. Gordon, Ararat, received A&41 19» -9d, -J»idr44 18s id j Ann Hayr Hamiitto. ririeavSl 'tiil, paid £17 5s ; Mary Hogg,- oAzhen;, reoeived £24 l$'.:d; paid £lU>-7drr John earn, Coleralne, received niL paid £5 13s 9d ; William . -Krirni, Wangooip, rooaived xCfi, i&\- hUPveoVLBofahatm rescived £3 12« j.W- Parsons, , Warrnambool, reoeived £1 10s, "paid Is fid ; Jainto'Stoddl. Werraek- riabeal;-' received £1693s Vdj -pudtESO Tfis 6d, M-Bktoa near Warraamlmlreqmvedtl, ' Never Saw a IIailWav.-— "Htere re few individuaiq jnaxsliaed oommnnity, we think, who have attained toe ripe age of 71 yearii withoot having eeen a radway hoe, even if they have -not;toavdfod by the iron horse.. To meet, toernfo re,'«itb each anrme nfoydie : termed an incident andadw or Asm .mime, we (Bearing Fost) abtaajlymgk wii%ei|tii a" cnrioslto. The old gentleman — a Mr. Fatoh, iog, of Ooleraine— who is 71 years of age. and ' looks aa hearty as ;u brick, informed na 'tost be came to the cooaieq b®fore railways went oonatrnetoden toe old country, and bias been , residing atCblerwne for the past 35 years. iXBetiqpa.potapUfotpgqesaiitQkijjagggd wife's removal to toe hbourae "ffieSEsl, and on Saturday "last he-prid'ia viaft to tits J metropofis for toe tiret tiinh hince he arrivod, and behekTmore Wondarii. than hfi' <reamed ifwas stated fiome time ego Oat the ;fiev. JSL H. Fuday, Presbyterian mfoiaterof Penola, had teoeived a call to the' xnnited mongregationa of WangaratU arid OHey. We are informed that he haa deoided,: to remain, in Panola, tnnch to the riatiifantion of hisoongration, ' - . V.Tf . " " " hzti«;Bateii'date;<>t Hora-. arrest fOE jcphbing o mra-fwhom he fonnd on ; the road with twth Jus legs brokeo of a lrnga pnmof money-V The police, aearqhiri, for him, Q Vlctrida-And. NefiSuSSrhel eluded toor .vigilance j bnt on his tnrning rip iri Adelaide last yverit iie foaqiaattHed. tji; the Police £ou tt An lbat city, op the $4to eon for whom a'wamnt for apprdrenaronhad og'etAPelivald'tokid&fritoEdMe; mek; wbkdi wM-gronfeed. He villtteJre ssaiQ:;.' - - i y Tct FEOTODmr r)P . BABES.—B Ms geoertlly beealtelievdd that liuna breed more rapidly 'in dihis boloay -tbia In JSnglind, " forms " repeatedly dUoovered coatainiag mdre iyouag tbaa it ia the rale for hres tn'havera -<h& tild niiuotry. An cxperi- mnot bceatly tried vin Buglaqd, however, would flo to ohow tliit, takiog the year xpnod it is oamely powible -fefaMthsT%si>reed quicker here, la the 4luo3y Hentld" we fiod the roUa wiQttjiktaretftuig llnfari&etion; ooh e eah )eot s — ttMee Jud.iblned dbdbg the whole yeit.. ' "two /months ia the depth irfjHnJiM,' goes with yoang oneaoj;. liiiidprodaceB from two to three ytHukteQflitter. They are bon -eonnd' wiih'luiiv tbeir eyw trs open, and thhy ire capable of rnaniog. As ao in- ' etanoe of their fecundity, the Ber. B. Daniel relate that » brace of bite were eudoeed in a large walled garden, wod proper plants rap plied for their vosteoenoe. At the end of twelve months the garden was examined, and the produce, was fifty-aeven hares, including the original parents." If hares breed much quckertbinihu|ia Victoria, there is little fear, notwithstanding- the many coursing cluta, «nd cockney sportsmen, who go oat to paafce a "pot," ol their ever being exter minated; . The-BainfaIiL. — We eubjoin a copy of the ' registry taken at the Shire Office, cor rected np to dace £ — mu ista. lets, mo.- im, Jeaury ... OM 09 0-69 ... L4i .. O.66 1 iFebroary 1.38 ... ... 1.84 ... 0.84 .. — tfarch ... 3.40 3.30 0.36 ... 148 ... — ; i April -3.13 13 2.67 . US May 3-18 ... 1.55 ... 2.60 ... L90 ... — June 1.69 _ 1.7S ... 3.39 ... 3.4? .. ' .July ... .. 186 ... -l£0 1.60 ... L88 .. Angoat ... 268 ... 3.49 .re 4.4S ... 2.66 ... — September ... 4»U ... 3.61 ... 1.72 ... 1.90 .re — October ... 132 ... 3L24 ... L82 ... 2.63 November 3.17 .re om ... 4. is .» 3.36 — December ... 0-66 M. 2.26 .M 3.60 . .. LID .. — Totals 24-68 S2JEB 9X80 23.80 — 