AUSTRALIAN TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA. WARRNAMHOOL, Monday. Tho Lynch family of bollringers played a bur- lesque cricket match to-day, assisted by members of the Dramatic Club, The volunteer band hoaded the procession, the players on both sides following in vehicles. Frank Allan' was in the Warrnambool Cricket Club eleven, but was not allowed to bowl. Charles Fairfax and Henry Lynch were captains, and most amusing soenes wero enacted, the characters being varied and coooutrio. Warrnam- bool made 70, and the Lynch company GO. The admission fees went to the hospital funds. The attendance was very large.. KOROIT, Monelay. ' Three men, named Patrick Joyce, Alfred War- burton, and Daniel Downey, were arrested at Hawkesdale on Saturday night last, charged with unlawfully and maliciously setting fire to the stations of Messrs. SamuclBaird (Kangatong), Phipps Turnbull (Green Hills), Stewart Brothers (Warrong), and Patrick Murphy, a selector. It is alleged that tho prisoners were tho parties who started the bush fires which wero raging in the district during the recent hot weather, application was made for a detective to be sent down to inquire into the matter, but Senior-constable Gray, of Koroit, has, it is thought, obtained sufficient information to sheet the charge home. A remand was applied for, and granted, and the prisoners will be brought up at the Belfast Police-Conrt on the 20th inst. Great credit is due to Senior-constable Gray for his prompt action in this matter, and a feeling of intense indignation is manifested by the people here against the culprits. The prisoner Downey was to have stood his trial at' Hamilton for horse- stealing, but was, of course, de- tained by the Koroit police on the charge of incen- diarism, _;_ [Australian Associated Press Telegrams published in the Melbourne Papers.] NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEV, Monday. Mr. Coombs has bcon elected for Orange un- opposed. Frederick Bloomfield, the well-known jockey,was killed on Saturday night at Newcastle, by a kick from the race horso Democrat. \- Burgess, late manager of the Clarence River Steam Navigation Company, pleaded guilty to embezzle- ment, and has been remanded for scntenco. Luxford, charged with murdering his til reo children at Penrith, has been acquitted on the ground of insanity, and is ordered to be imprisoned during the Governor's pleasurp. The weather continues intensely hot, with no sign of change. An aboriginal named Comba has been arrested on a ohargo of rapo at tho Ullah station, Walgett. At tho same timo the police surprised the blacks' camp, and arrested two other notorious blackfellows, who woro wanted for felony. Breadstuff's aro very firm. Wheat, 0s. Oil. j flour, £15 to £15 17s. Arrived : Cj'cloue, from Now York. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, Monday. Thanks for tbo harvest and tho rain woro offered in tho churches yesterday. The legal profession intend entertaining Judge Gwynne beforo he loaves for England. Four thousand bushels of wheat have been sold at (is. 3d. afloat. Another sale is reported at C3. 4¿,d. _' 