Supreme Court. In the Civil Jurisdiction of this Court tho following cases have been adjudicated : In Beil and others v. Wood and others, a case of dis- puted accounts, a verdict was given for the defendants. In M'Laughlin v. the Standard Marine and Fire In- surance Company, an action under a fire policy, the jury found for plaintiff, with £333 for damages. Ia the Jury Court, on Monday afternoon, befoie Mr. Justice Faucett and a jury of four, an action waa trieâ between the Bank of New South Wales and a builder named Francis Compton. The action waB on an overdue promissory note for £509 7s öd, alleged to have been drawn by Compton in favour of MeBsrs. Baynes, Treeve and Co., who endorsed the note to the bank on the bank discounting the same. The case for the bank was that, at an interview ab the bank. Compton asserted that he never signed any note for the sum named, and he never acknowledged or denied that trie note bore hiß signature. Eight years ago Compton had some business transactions with Hay BBB, Treeve and Co., when he owed them between £500 and JB600, but he maintained that all these transactions were settled and concluded long before the date of the note in question. In support of this btatemenfe he produced a receipt signed by Mr. Haynes to show that long after the date of the note he had settled with them The bank called evidence to prove that the signature on th« note was in every respect exactly like Compton's, and on the other hand it was contended that the signature was another of the forgeries perpetrated by Haynes, Treeve, and Co. After Mr. Butler, Q C. for the bank, and Mr manning, for the defendant, had addressed the jury, his Honor summed up, and the iury found a verdict for the defendant. A case of considerable importance to Owners of Pro- perty along our various lines of Railway was adjudicated on Monday afternoon in the Banco Court, before his onor the Chief Justice Sir James Martin & a Jury of 4. It appeared that the Engine of the Midday Train on 1st December, 1875, while ascending the Steep incline near Fairfield on the Great Southern Railway Line, threw some sparks among some scrub & caused a bushfire. The Fire spread rapidly & destroyed a large number of fruit trees Fencing, Vines, &c;, on the Land belonging to Mr William Stimson, Messrs Whittaker, Doran, Tame & Ettinger, Neighbours of Stimson's, also sustained heavy losses by the fire & they on 6th December, 1875, claimed Compensation from the Government, Stimson claimed £200 as the amount of Damage he sustained, but as the Money was not forthcoming, he Instituted this Action in June last & now sought to recover £1,000 for damages. Stimson averred that on one occasion his grass caught fire by sparks from a small engine, and he had some difficulty in extinguishing the Fire. He complained to Mr Lackey about the necessity of running a larger engine up the incline, as the fire was only caused by the small engine, which could not ascend the incline with the firebox being opened to give sufficient draught to make the fire burn briskly, consequently dangerous sparks escaped. Afterwards a larger engine was put on & no fire has since occurred. A Witness named Graham estimated Stimson's Damages at £975. The Defence was that the fire was not caused by negligence in working the engine or by want of proper precautions to prevent the escape of sparks. It was shown that the engine, which caused the Fire was fitted with a 'spark preventer', which consists of an air shaft passing downwards in an oblique direction through the furnace door into the firebox. This prevented the Sparks rising into the tubes of the boiler and passing through the chimney into the air. This engine, it was also shown, was not furnished, like the larger engines with a 'spark catcher' which was placed in the smoke box. After Mr. M H Stephens, for the Defendant & Mr Davis, for the Plaintiff, had addressed the jury, the Chief Justice summed up. His Honor, directed the jury to consider whether defendant had taken all reasonable precaution to prevent the sparks from flying from the chimney of the locomotive employed. The jury, after a short deliberation, found a verdict for plaintiff with £200 for Damages. 