MUNRO'S MACHINERY YARD, MELBOURNE. A Visit to Munro's Machinery Yard, Melbourne. DURING my late visit to Melbourne, I happened one clay, casually, to notice a lorry loaded with stone-breaking machinery on its way down Collins street to the Central Railway Station, at Spencer street. A calico poster attached to it, informed on- lookers that it was from the establishment of Messrs. David Munro and Co., and thus whilst striking me as somewhat of a novelty in the way of advertising, also reminded me that I had not yet fulfilled an engagement by paying a visit to the business premises of the firm. Turning to the directory, I found that these were situated in Queen-street, so wending my way in the required direction, I soon found myself relieved from all doubt as to the exact locality, by espying two of the factory windmills of the same patterns as those which were exhibited at the late Exhibition, and in another minute or two was in front of the premises, a sketch of which heads this article. These, situated at the corner of Little Lonsdale-street, although not the largest of the three premises in which the business of the firm is conducted, are yet the parent site. On the street corner, to the right of the entrance, are situated the business offices, at the rear of which is the drawing-office. The two-storied building at the bottom of the yard is occupied as a fitter's shop on the ground floor, and as a pattem-room above ; whilst-along the whole of the left hand side is a wide shed occupied, in its lower end, as a blacksmith shop, and in its remainder as a stand, or cover, for engines and other machinery undergoing either repair or alteration, for which, from the appearance of the yard, which is also crowded with work, it appears altogether too small. A short walk of about 150 yards down Little Lonsdale-street, in the direction of Elizabeth-street, brought me to No. 2 yard, which found almost entirely devoted to storeage, and to the exhibition of second- hand engines, contractors' plant and other machinery, in which, upon inquiry, I found that the firm does a large business. A walk of about a quarter of a mile back, past the central establishment, brought me to the No. 3 yard, which I found at the corner of A'Beckett and Wills streets, to the former of which it has a frontage of 66 feet with a side frontage of 166 feet to the latter, opposite the side of the Lands Office. From this yard was of the machinery has been removed, or was in course of removal, as the site is being cleared for the erection of a three-storied factory, required by the rapid development of the business of the firm, and which is to occupy the whole of the frontage and 100 feet of the depth. The ground floor of this building will be devoted to the exhibition of the various engines and machinery which it is desirable to keep under cover, whilst the first and second floors will be used as the fitters' and patternmakers' shops leaving the buildings already occupied by these branches to be devoted to other purposes, an iron and brass foundry being especially needed, as up to the present time the firm has, solely from want of room, been compelled to intrust its cast-work to the regular iron and brass founders. Making inquiries as to the rise and progress of the business, I found that for the last three and twenty years, more than half the period which covers the history of the colony, the name of Munro has been associated with the various branches of the iron trade in Victoria. The founder of the firm was Mr. John Munro, who, with his sons, carried on business as machinists, engineers, &c.;, under the style of John Munro and Sons, during the course of which their name became associated with the largest of the public works of the colony. All the bridges on the Geelong and Ballarat Railway, including the immense viaduct which crosses the valley of the Moorabool, and many of the bridges on the Melbourne and Sandhurst line, having been erected by them. To this business, on the retirement of Mr. John Munro, Mr. David Munro, one of his sons, succeeded, when the style was changed to that which it now bears, namely, David Munro and Co. A change in the name of the firm was not, however, the only change which came over it; for with the altering circumstances of the colony new ground had to be broken. Hitherto tho main business of the firm had been connected with railways and their contracts ; railways, too, which in their style of construction rivalled the best works of the old country. With the completion of the main lines, however, there came a pause, during which there were no more iron bridges to be constructed or erected, whilst the few locomotives in the colony, in private hands, were literally, to borrow a simile from the stable, "eating their heads off"' with interest and with rust. Just, however, as the work connected with railways and with railway construction began to decline, an immense vitality began to develop itself in gold mining. Machinery, both for quartz, and alluvial mining was wanted over all parts of the colony, and into this work the firm threw all its energies ; and although, as is well known, very many of the mining ventures embarked on at this time turned out unprofitably, so that the machinery came back into the market, yet business was kept lively; not in consequence of fresh orders, but by reason of the numbers employed in the work of removal and re-erection, which went on until such of it as was not worn out settled down into remunerative work although, not in some instances until after two or three changes of locality. Since that time the demand for mining machinery, especially for quartz mining although not brisk, has been steady, and the resump- tion of railway works, which, although of a less per- manent character than those on the main lines, has whilst giving not much practice to the iron bridge builder, found plenty of employment in the manufac- ture and repair of contractors' plant, so that the firm has not wholly severed itself from those branches of business to which its operations were, at one time, almost wholly confined. Almost simultaneously, however, or even shortly before the time when the mining mania abated the great drought of 1864-5 had taught the pastoral settlers that they must, by storing water, or by providing means for raising it, guard against the recurrence of such a dire catastrophe ; and as, about the same time, the loud spoken imperative demands of the agriculturalists for contrivances for saving labour began to make themselves heard, the firm turned its attention to meeting these wants, so that the supply of pumps and pumping machinery for the one, and agricultural machinery, as extinguished from imple- ments, for the other, has since formed a large portion of its business ; a portion too which has so steadily increased that the premises which sufficed for all branches when the present head succeeded, to the management, have had to be supplemented by two additional establishments, an one of which, as we have already stated, large buildings are to be imme- diately added ; whilst so well is the firm known, in the particular line of manufacturers and dealers in machinery, that when one man meets another in the streets, and, stating his wants in the way of machinery and motive power, asks the best place to go for it, the answer can scarcely be anything else than "Munro's." As importers, the firm, I find, are always supplied with a large stock of portable engines, steam threshing machines, and harvesters. These engines are of the same pattern as that which obtained the special prize and eleven medals at the late Exhibition. They are made of the very best material, by an emi- nent English firm from the special designs of Messrs. Munro, whose improvements have resulted in a port- able engine as near perfection as possible. The engines in stock are of all sizes, ranging from 2 to 25 horse- power, the larger sizes having double cylinders. The special qualifications claimed for these engines are :- Economy of fuel, extra strength of all the parts, sim- plicity of arrangement, and ease of access to all inter- nal details, a crank shaft supported on a wrought iron bracket, so as to take a large bearing on the boiler ; vertical force pump of unique design, with double delivery valve ; simple reversing motion, independent of the link motion for instantaneous reversion ; extra large fire box, for burning wood ; patent variable ex- pansion apparatus, which enables the admission of steam to be varied from full power to one-fourth of the same, with proportionate economy of fuel, according to the power given off ; a novelty in the method of fixing the wrought iron plumber blocks, which, by permitting them to slide on wrought iron brackets counteracts the damaging effects of unequal contraction and expansion ; an arrangement by which the water returning to the feed tube is heated by the steam from the exhaust pipes, and completeness of equipment generally. Their threshing, finishing, and dressing machines are manufactured to their order by Ran- somes, Sims, and Head, and are fitted with patent drums, treble blast, patent adjustable corn se.i70u? of extra large size, and improved double uav1%'l riddles. The hummeller and teaser are of improved construc- tion; the shakers either rotary or reciprocating, as may be preferred, have also several important im- provements, and there are many others which would occupy too much space to enumerate here, These machines are mounted on wrought iron travelling wheels, and are constructed with a view to the especial requirements of these colonies. They are capable of threshing, dressing, and finishing from 1100 to 1200 bushels per day of twelve hours, according to yield and nature of crop, The harvester imported by the firm is that known in Amencia as the "Walter A. Woods, Reaper and Binder." In the cutting and other por- tions there is nothing new. The knife-board has a six- foot cut, is very light, as, indeed, is the whole ma- chine, and the cut crop is conveyed, as in the case of Marsh's harvester, on an endless web into a semicircular receptacle, whence it is picked up by the arms, com- pressed and bound in a couple of seconds. The binder operates only when set in motion by the driver, whose foot is applied to a lever, and who has also the com- mand of another lever worked by hand. These two enable him not only to bind but to place the band at a imitable distance from the butt, so that whether the crop be tall or short, the band will not be dis- placed. The binding is also done tightly, whether the sheaf be large or small as a man's wrist. In fact the apparatus is thoroughly perfect. Har- venters of this class, will render the small farmer independent of day labour-, as he can work the ma- chine whilst his son or his wife follows and stacks the sheaves, thus effecting a saving of from £5 to £6 per day, the quantity which can he operated on by this machine during a day of 12 hours being 20 acres. Large numbers of them are coming forward from America for the coming season. Already several have been ordered, the price in Sydney- being P110, so that those requiring them, will do well to give their orders at once. After meeting the demand of the next season the firm-propose manufacturing them. A glance about the various yards and at the work in the various shops told me that the specialities for which the firm of David Munro and Co. are famous, are all of their own manufacture. They consist of quartz crushing and mining machinery, stone-breakers, railway contractors' plant of all kinds, derrick cranes, travelling cranes, crab winches, centrifugal pumps, deep well pumps, pumping gear of all kinds, wind- mills, horse-power chaff cutters, vertical and hori- zontal engines, and saw-mill machinery. In many of these the ordinary type has scarcely been departed from. In others the firm either works from patterns of their own, or has introduced such improvements and novelties into the design of others, as experience has from time to time suggested, with a view to their being better adapted for colonial use, the result of which has given their manufactures a special name and value. Foremost amongst these are their self- adjusting victory windmills, for which the firm holds a pattern in conjunction with the inventor. Mr. Walters. Specimens of these will be remembered at the late Exhibition, whey they obtained a prize ; one having been purchased by the Governor for erection at his racing establishmnt at the Surry Hills, They appear to be everything which is desired for supplying the motive power of such pumps as will, from surrounding circumstances, per- mit of intermittent action. They have already been awarded a prize in every instance in which they have been shown. Seven sizes, known as A to G, and having from 4 to 12 sails, are manufac- tured to suit the various depths of wells, and the advantages claimed for them, are that they are self- adjusting, rendering it impossible that they can run away in any state of the wind ; that they are auto- matic in their action, that is that they do their work without any other aid than that which the wind supplies ; that they are less complicated, and therefore more easily erected and put in operation than any other windmill eyer introduced; that they require no attention beyond an occasional visit with the oil- can; that, being, constructed, entirely of iron, they are unequalled for durability, and will regain unaffected by the weather for any length of time ; beside which they are necessarily proof against bush-fires ; and, finally, that they supply the cheapest power in the world. They can be applied to any depths up to 200 feet, and according to the depth will lift from 200 to 500 gallons per hour. In many cases, however pumps, are required for situa- tions where intermittent action is out of the question, and to supply this want Messrs. David Munro and Co. manufacture from their own designs a centrifugal pump possessing many novel features of design. A specimen of this was also in tho late Exhibition, and moving, as it did, a perfect Niagara in minature, was noted at the time as the most remarked, and perhaps most re- markable machine in motion throughout the whole yard," Although possessing several special points of detail, this pump is, unlike the ordinary centrifugal pump, exceedingly, simple in construction, a point of very considerable importance in any machine required for use in the bush, or at a distance from skilled work- men, and can be depended upon for raising 3000 gal- lons per minute to a height of 40 feet. For irrigating purposes, for the drainage of lands, or for raising water for sheep-washing purposes, no more effective water lifting machine can be devised. In a conversation had with Mr. Munro, I found that besides acting as a valuator, and consulting en- gineer in matters connected with machinery, he is also. prepared to advance money on it, and does a large business in letting ; also that he was the first to intro- duce into his business, as a speciality, the letting of machinery on a purchasing lease, a system akin to that so well- known in connection with pianos and sewing-machines. The introduction of this system of doing business has enabled many industrious men to embark in enterprises which, but for it, would have been entirely beyond their reach, 