The Gippsland Times FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1877. Mr. H. R. REID, the Secretary to the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, is entitled to the thanks of the publio for having so promptly brought under the notice of the Chamber the importance of improving the half-formed Entrance from the sea to the Gippsland lakes. He will, however, find few in Gipps land to agree with him in the opinion he expresses that a safe and permanent entrance never can be obtained, owing to the presence of shifting sandbanks, and channels that frequently change their positions. Mr Reid does not claim to have have made anything more than a mere superficial inspection of the works thus far constructed at the Entrance, nor does he appear to be aware that, owing to the niggardliness of successive Governments, though the works have been in progress for over seven years, only one third of the original design is as yet completed. The high bold head land opposite the two pier-ways, known as Jimmy's point, or Mount Barkly, was intended to form the north-western boundary of the new entrance by running out the material, stone and earthwork, of which the mount is composed, right across Reeves' river to the western extremity of the northern pier-way. The. natural cur rent of Reeves' river, always very strong in the outflow, would thus be so largely increased by being abruptly. arrested at almost a right angle to its course, that the sand, now confined to a -channel-way, between sheet piling, only 300 feet wide, would very' soon be got rid of by the constant scour of the lakes and rivers from the land side, and by the action of the prevailing winds from the ocean. This at least is an ,outline of the opinion loft on record in 'a report to Sir Henry Barkly by an Indian Engineer of known experience in such matters (Tom Cringle), and the Public Works department has at least recognised the scheme as feasible by adopting it, on paper, almost without alteration. Had the Government car ried itodut, most people' who have had practical acquaintance with the peculiar features of the country and of the coast line at the head of Reeves' river, will -be disposedto doubt the accuracy of Mr Reid's conclusion. That gentleman has, however, done good service in so prominently directing public attention through an influential channel to the unprotected condition of the vessels trading through the lakes. The chief wants, as pointed out by Mr Reid, are a flagstaff and signal station, and telegraphic connection with Bairns dale and Sale. The former was ob tained and established for about a year, through the influence of the only local member of Parliament Gippsland has had during the last fifteen years, and an immense boon it proved. But as it was found to interfere with certain so called vested rights, which monopolists will claim even in an ocean highway, the boon was abolished through the representations of certain influential persons, who apparently did not think that private' interests could be too dearly " protected," even at the risk of human life and property. With reference to the proposed tele graph station, it may well be questioned if there is throughout the colony a single spot where. such facilities are more urgently needed. None of the ordinary means of assistance in the event of ship wreck, the risk of which is here immi nent, are at. hand; and before help can be obtained in case of need, an in land journey of 80' miles through a roadless country has to be accomplished. A wire from the head of Reeves' river to Bairnsdale wvould enable the signal ma?l at the'Lakes' Entrance to report a case of wreck or distress at Bairnsdale, Sale, and Melbourne, in a few minutes. The cost of providing such a line would be trifling, as telegraph poles are obtain able on, or easily contiguous to, the line for the whole distance; it would un doubtedly pay for the outlay, and the gain to the commercial and shipping tradeof Gippslandand Melbourne would be very considerable. Now that the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce has taken the matter in hand, we are 'in clined to think that a little active co operation on the part of the meibliers representing the district in Parliament could not fail to secure all that is asked to protect the increasing shipping trade at the Gippsland Lakes' Entrance: THE canvassing campaign for oine of the North Gippsland seats has been commenced very unostentatiously: by Mr William E. King, and we are in formed that so far as he has gone he has received much encouragement. ; Up to the present time, Mr King. has visited only the central parts of the district, but he proceeds immediitely to Bairnsdale, and after doing that portion of the constituency, will 'isit Walhalla and the mountain regions. If Mr King's views on public'questions' remain unchanged since March, 1875, he is a free-trader. In his address at that date, Mr King. said, "I shall always encourage the development of our industries and manufactories, but, as a free-trader, I desire to see you in the enjoyment of the productions, of the whole world, without the clog of protection to keep them from our shores." Mr King is of opinion that any deficiency in the revenue caused by remissidn of customs' duties must be made up by direct taxation on pro perty or income. Like all other sen sible men, Mr King would refuse' to single out any class of property-holders for special taxation, but he has io ob jection to an sequitable tax on land. It thlerefore appears that, with regard to the two questions which will come most prominently into notice at the general election, MIr King is "sound." As to the Education Act, tlhat measure is niow too firmly grafted upon the colony to be in any danger from individual dislikes, and it is possible that MIr King's sympathies are with it more entirely tlan they were two years ago. Upon that, and other matters of general interest, Mrr King will no doubt de laro himself fully hereafter. It is satisfactory now to know that he is a free-trader, and an advocate of direct taxation. The committee of the Agricultural So ciety meet to-morrow afternoon at half past 2 at the Club IIotel. 'Thc annual meeting of contributors to the Gippsland Hospital, which was to have been held at the Town Hall on Wednesday evening, lapsed for want of a quorum. The Vice-Presidcnt, Mr Buehe, adjourned the meeting to Wednesday next, at the same place and hour. SIt was intended by the Railway depart ment to ship two passenger carriages for use on thie third section by the schooner tVarhawk, but that vessel beiong filled up with cargo, the promised opening to the Mlorewell must be delayed for a month or six weeks. The wheels of the engine, "Sale," have been sent to cMelbourne to have new tires fitted. The following paragraph was published yesterday by our local contemporary, as part of its Melbourne message :--'People are much dissatisfied with Reuter's tele grams, as they do not give any idea of the aspect of Eastern affairs." We suspect this statement is meant as .an apology to sub scribers for the non- appearance of Iteuter's telegrams in the Mercury columns. The "ideas" they give would be clear enough, if they could be appropriated without payment. ;-We' understand that Mrs T. P. Hill contemplates visiting Gippaland for the purpose of giving a series of elocutionary entertainments,. Mrs Iill seems, from the "opinions of the press" in this and the neighbouring colonies, to have deservedly achieved a large measure of success in her recitals, and we doubt not they will be warmly appreciated in' Gippsland, should Mrs Hill decide on visiting this part of Victoria. Mr Hume, the well-knowi.n phrenologist, has arrived in Sale, and purposes giving a course' of lcctures on Phrenology, as soon as the necessary arrangements are matured. In the meantime he'may be consulted at the Club Hotel:' '. r,. / We obseire tbat the well-lknown hostelry at Maffra, tle' "Macalister," has'chainged hands, Mr John M'Donald, late of Wal halla, having succeeded Mr Gibney as landlord. Mr Carroll announces that lis drapery establishment will be closed to-day, for -the purpose of re-marking stock, conse' quent on the purchase of' A. 1,'Leod's estate. The premises re-open on Satur day, when the sale will commence. The heat of the weather during the pas few days has been' intensified by heavy bushfires in the direction of Merriman's Creek and Rosedale. The Ballarat Post has it on' the i'itho rity of" one who should know," and the Geelong Advertiser corroborates the asser tion, "that there will be no general-elec tion, at any rate till late in June. . Parlia ment will not be dissolved till:the first week in June." Three steam threshers are at work on Messrs W. E. Smith's farm, the Heart, the present dry weather, however detri mental it may be to pasturage;, greatly facilitating harvest operations. Threshing is proceeding'at the rate of 60 acres per diem, and the owners of the crop are 'on fident of receiving 5s Gd:per busbel- for wheat, and £6 per acre for the barley.:' The Secretary of the Victorian Dis charged Prisoner's Aid Society, intends to visit Sale to-morrow for the purpose of soliciting subscriptions, and' as the object is one that all must honour, we'wish him success in his canvass. Tenders have been called, returiabIleto the Postmaster, Sale, foi the' conveyance of mails to and from the PostOffice to the Sale railway station, twice daily. The contract to be terminable by the depart ment at one week's notice. The mails are to be delivered at the 'train to, leave, Sale at 7 a.n., and to be received from the train due at Sale at 12.30 p.m. daily. :If these hours indicate the change, that is to be made in the regular mail service, it will be a change for the worse;:so far as this district is concerned. Under present arrangements the Melbourne mail arrives at 11.30, an hour earlier than appears to be contemplated by railway time. This is by no means an encouraging prospect. Licenses under sec. 19 of the Land 'Act are at the Receipt and Pay office for John Cobain, Bundalagunah; C. F. Hogan, Briagolong; S. Guthrie, Sale; Thomas Flaherty, Korool; Peter Fraser, Nindoo; John Frawley, Wurruk Wurruk;' and James Farrell, Stratford; also a registered lease for John Doran, and a Crown grant for Robert Glen. Information will be gladly received .of his whereabouts by the friends of Mr George Munro, who disappeared from the house of his uncle,. Mr J. 'Munro, York street, Sale, on Saturday afternoon.last; and has not since been 'heard of. .Ie is about 30 years of age, 5 feet 7 inches high, dark complexion, and when last'seen was wearing a "drab paget coat, grey vest, and dark trousers. ': "" A At the Polide Coirt on Wednesday, be fore Messrs N..Guthridge and P. Platt,; Js.P., M.' Russell was charged with hav ing been drunk aiid disorderly on the pre vious evening, and, as the effects of his spirituous indulgence were still apparent,' he was sent to'the lock-up for six hours, to ?ecover. N. France v. D.'Lean.-- To re cover'£20, goods sold and delivered. Mr' Robinson, in the absence of' Mr.Patten,' appeared for plaintiff. 'Verdict for amount, costs 23s 6d ; imacediate 'ekecution. Dominic M'l'ullau v. .John-Roberts. £4 2s, goods sold. ,Verdict' for amount and 10s costs. We are informde e'the case' of i'hos. Trood v. J; G. Pettit for abdsive'language, which was dismissed by 'Mr Foster, P.M., on the ground that "an hotel bar was not a'public place," has been subamitted by 1laintiff's attorney to counsel 'for opinion. rhat opinion, received .this. week,' is de-' cidedly, to the 'effect that 'a conviction should have been.recorded, the words'." or within view or hearing of passers- by," employed in the 26th section of the Police Offences Statute, being applicable to scur rility or abuse uttered in a publichouse ndI heard from without. The Sale Courthouse does not, afford anything like enough room for Assize and General Sessions business, and in view of the increasing size and importance of the town, the municipal authorities should bring the fact under the notice of the Government. The space is, as a rule, sufficient for Police and County Courts, but on the morning of an Assizcethe seats and most of the standing room are filled up by jurors and witnesses, leaving thie public' completely out of the question. This slhould not be. We think the in couvenience might easily be remedied by abolishing the spare rooms on each side of the lobby, and the lobby itself, substi tuting for the removed walls proper iron pillars to support the gallery. 'the pre sent winding staircase to the latter being removed, access to it by a straight ascent could be provided by a door on the eastern gable. Such an alteration as is indicated would increase the capacity of the audi torlum by 150, or thereabout, and greatly improve the interior aspect. With a canopy over the Bench, which would remedy the defective acoustic arrange ments, the Assize Court of the Eastern Bailiwick might he rendered something like what it ought to be. The residence of Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, at Upper Hawthorn, was burgla riously entered on Sunday night by some predatory vagabond, who made away with tiwo electroplated rowing cups, trophies won by Mr F. G. Duffy, and having his name inscribed thereon; also au overcoat, a lady's cloak, and a cookled leg of mutton. 'The robbery is supposed to have beenc committed by a mnan who was seen by the servant-girl lying in the avenue leadang to the house, about half-past 10 on the night in question, and the police are on the tracks of the perpetrator. . On Wednesday evening Mr J. R. Mackay, lecturer for the Independent Order of Rechabites, delivered a lecture in the Temperance Hall, Sale. Mr Bearup filled the chair. The attendance was but moderate. Mr Mackay divided his ad dress into two parts, first Rechabitism, second Temperance. He described the rise of the Friendly Society named, in the year 1835, its introduction into Victoria in 1847, and quoted figures to. show, the progress 'madeo in the colonyo. Statistics were submitted pointing out the special advaitages' of the Order aud' its perfect solvency.. Passing on to the general sub ject of Temperance, Mr Mackay combated various. argtments and, pleas. used by those who habitually or occasionally took stimulants .... Striking facts and. figures were cited, showing.the relative effects of temperance and intemperance on the health and life tenure of the community. r.The lecturerr read statements made by many leading phy'sicians as to the evil effects of alcohol andits inietility; even damage, to a healthy physical frame. In moderate and earnest language, he urged all.to abandon the use of intoxicating liquors, and concluded by asking for signatures to the pledge, to which a few responded. A move has beed made towards holding the annual aquatic sports at the Latrobe bridge, Mr J. F. Law having called a meeting for Monday evening next, at the Prince of Wales Hotel, to make arrange ments for. the.various events.' The matches have hitherto been successfil, creating a widespread desire amongst the youth of Gippsland to excel in the art of natation, as well as affording a finespectacle to the public. The Ballarat Swimming Club have issued a long and rather liberal pro gramaile for their swimming matches on the .17th February. ':The four most in teresting, prizes; are, the; City Council's prize, a silver watch value £5 5s, distance 70 yards, for members under 16 years of who have learned to swim during the cur rent season;. the Junior' Learners' HIandi cap, a suit'of tweed clothing made to order, distance'35 yisrdi, for' memiers' under._12 years of age who;have learned to swim during the current season; the -Junior Trials IIandicap, n'suit of tweed clothing made to order, distance 70 yards, for members under 12 years of age, without reference as to when they learned to swim; -and the Second-Junior Trials Handicap, a silver medal, distance 70 yards, open to all comers, for boys under 14 years of age. The two principal prizes in theprogramme aret a Half-mile' Handicap, 'open to all comers, first prize £10, second £3, third £1; and the Scarlet Colours' Handicap, 440 yards, open to all conmers, prize £5. We are authorised to state that Mr Wynne, the Ballarat champion, who carried off the chief prizes at Sale last year, will not com pete in the ensuing local matches. ; .Mr' Dowling, P.ML., at Cluncs, some weeks ago, iiddressed the foll~Wing letterito the Pleasant Creekl News, which has now puiblished?it': Creswick, 30th December, '1876.--Y 'dear Sir,-I: should hiive' writ ten before'this had I not been too busy, to thiik'.you for yie ii kind paragraph-vlhich appeared in .your. paper about, me some time since. I have not time to give 'you all the facts, but were I able, I am. sure I could satisfy you, or any:other honourable man,,that both Miss Thwaites and I have been wronged, andI give youn-my wbrd;of honourlthat there is not one word of truth in any of the -statements, made by _Mr Richardson in the Assembly,. on the 14th inst.,.so far, as regards any impropriety of conduct on the parts .of either Miss Thwaitcs or myself. This young lady is quite innocent of any wrong, and has been mdst villainously sacrificed by persons Who' desired to injure my character, and I regret to say that her father has beenminade a tool of. by these wretched people, and has brought disgrace on himself and children. -Beliove me, sincerely yours, C. C. Dow LING. .. -..- - . ... ... . .:Deer are increasing very?,fastf ine.this district (says.the Hlorsham,Timeis), so fast indeed as to be on the point of becoming a positive nuisance to 'the farmers about Liongerenn'og." They'arie's agile that they defy the tiffest rfeices aind come iiweeping in herds down froii 'the Grampians, doing infinite damage to gra'ss and crops. We have' heard of many belong shot and eaten, and others have beenpulled down by dogs, and,.of course, true sportsmen feel a little nettled to think that, they cannot partici pate in the fun. It may be casually men-. tioned that haunch of venison is about as, common.a dish in the locality.as saddle of mhtton, and we recommend the proclama tion of an open season..... ... '-. l'he }Melbourne correspondent;of the ~Tillaiat Stir says :Tlie'c"oitinited fd!y' weather has.a great effect on the meat market, for iiu'cohseqlucise of the scarcity' of feed sheep are sent up,in large flocks to ?hs sold at almbst!n'iminal 'rates." 'This -is the opportunity of. our meat-preserving company, and 1 amitold they are.working up over 14,000 sheep per week, enabliog them to-send forwardslargn shipments!of 'preserved meat to" the London market, where the. stocks hiad become, low, and where, ii'ith'eaepc'ctatiod of war, a ready sale of tinned meats would he sure to exist. 