MONTHLY SUMMARY FOR THE MAILS. OUR LET1ER HOME. ^ ? Inquirer -fe Commercial News Office, Perth, March 19, 1877. Taking a retrospective view of the events of the past month we find little of interest to extra-colonial readers worth recording. The only political question to the soluti.m of which we bare been looking forward remains unanswered, and the public are still kept in doubt as to the result of the correspondence which took place between Mr. S. P. Lord, Consular Agent at Melbourne for the United States of America, and His Excellency Governor Robinson with reference to the claims to the ownership of tie Lacepede Islands set np by Mr. Lord on behalf of the United States, and which was sent Home for the information of Her Majesty's Government Sufficient time, it is thought, has elapsed to pertr.it of a reply being sent, and if one has been received the public mind should be set at rest. Although not doubting for a moment our right to the possession of these islands, a misgiving has arisen in eome quarters which should be dispelled as soon as possible. Prior to the arrival of H.M.S. Nymphe from Sydney it was currently reported that Governor Robinson intended making an official visit to the North-west settlements and to the Lace pede Islands, but the movements of that vessel beyond Champion Bay, whither she conveyed His Excellency last week, have been kept a profound secret, and no one seems to know the ultimate destination of the vice-regal party. During her stay in Fremantle excursion trips on board have been made, the river steamers belonging to Messrs. Sanclell, Knight, & Co., having taken passengers off. The officers have played a cricket match with the Port Club, and the Bearaen have opened a floating Good Templar Lodge, numbering over forty members, subordinate to the Grand Lodge of this colony. The men who are not total abstainers are spoken of as well-conducted and steady, and the best-behaved jolly tars that have visited the colony. We may add that His Excellency received a most welcome ovation on landing at Champion Bay. Great activity prevails at the Lacepede Islands, where a large number of vessels are loading with guano for the lessees, Messers. Poole, Picken, & Co., of MelT bourne. -On the 3rd instant the s.e. City of Hobart arrived from Melbourne, having on board Mr. Picken, Mr. Geddes, and others interested in the export of guano. The City of Hobart has left for the Lacepedes, where she will load with guano and return to Melbourne. It is reported that the crews on board the several vessels lying at the islands have struck and refuse to work at the guano. We have had a great libel and slander case, a divisional-sergeant of police appear ing as the plaintiff and the clergyman of the district as the defendant. The action arose out of an alleged libel published in The Inquirer on the 27th September last in a letter written by the defendant — the Rev. Joseph Withers, of Bnnbury — in which he stated in reference to certain deaths by excessive drinking that ' so long as the publicans could secure the support and connivance of the Sub-Inspector of Police they could laugh at the Bench, and the law, which in Bunbury was a dead letter.' The defendant, on the 3rd Sep tember, also preached a serinou in his pulpit in which were the following words : 'There is an evident connivance and wish to smother up the whole case on the part of the heads of the police.' This formed the subject of the slander. Mr. Withers for many years past has endeavored to check the drinking habits of the people in his district. The police seemed to him to be lax in their duty, and he drew the attention of the plaintiff, by letter, to the large amount of drunkenness in the public houses. The plaintiff thanked the rev. gentleman for his information, which resulted in eight charges being laid against the publicaus. In a second letter to the plaintiff Mr. Withers in a friendly manner remonstrated with the plaintiff (Sergt Wisbey), and begged of him for his own and his family's sake to be less intimate with one particu lar publican. The letter subsequently appeared in The Inquirer. The Resident Magistrate of the district, Mr. W. Pearce Clifton, thought proper to draw the attention of Sergeant Wisbey to the letter in question1, and it resulted in his going to Perth, seeking legal advice and commencing an action. Certain persons who were antagonistic to Mr. Withers got op a subscription-list to defray the ex penses of the plaintiff in the prosecution of his suit, and Mr. Withers' friends also got up a counter subscription-list. The case was heard at the Supreme Court before the Chief Justice on the 7th and 8th instant. The jury, after being locked up two hours, returned and stated in answer to the usual question that they had 'agreed' to differ; one juryman crying out that the majority were for the the defendant. His Honor subsequently sent to ask if the jury were likely to agree upon a verdict ; a memo, was sent asking His Honor if in the event of the jury returning a verdict for the defendant they could add a rider that each should pay his own costs. His Honor replied that they could do su, but that it would be a gross impropriety, which he would not permit. The jury again retired, and the Sheriff having been requested to ascertain if they were likely to agree to a verdict, and receiving a reply that there was no pos sibility of their agreeing that day or the next, the Court was adjourned until ten o'clock the following Saturday morning, and the jury were locked up. On the 10th the Court re-assembled. The Sheriff visited the jury and reported to His Honor that they had not agreed, and were not likely to do so. His Honor then briefly announced, ' The Court stands adjourned until the first Wednesday in next month.' The jury evidently did not care to submit to twenty-one days' incarceration ; with remarkable consistency an intimation was given to His Honor in the evening that the jury had agreed. Counsel on both sides met at Judge's Chambers, and the verdict, under seal, was opened ; the jury finding for the defendant on the first count, for libel, and on the second count, for slander, for plain tiff, with damages 20s. The Attorney General moved His Honor for the usual certificate for costs, but this His Honor refused. The jury were then discharged. The City of Perth Gas Company have held a meeting, and have determined to call for shares in Melbourne. About 2,500 shares have been taken up in this colouy. There is much to favor the success of the proposed company. The promoters are persons in business whose example will be followed immediately after the first pipe has been laid. The business population is sufficient, we think, to. maintain a small gas company, and as the scheme has been launched under very favorable auspices, it is likely to succeed as a commercial speculation. Advices have been received from the Lacepede Islands np to the 27th January. The Emily and the Aboyne were loading with guano on account of Messrs. Poole, Picken, & Co. ; the barques Star of Jamaica, Singhalese, and Prince Arthur had arrived, but were refused permission to load, in consequence of not having obtained a license from the Commission? r of Crown Lands' Office at Perth to do so. The population of the island numbered twenty- seven persons, of whom twenty were laborers employed by Messrs. Poole, Picken, & Co., loading their vessels with guano, which they get on board at the rate of about sixty tons per day. The interesting ceremony of laying the founda tion-stone of the Commissioner's house, on the 26th of January, was performed with full pomp and solemnity by Mrs. Thrussell, the wife of Capt Thrussell, of the brig Emily. Captains McEachem, O'Grady, and Thrussell made most enthusiastic speeches on the occasion, to which Mr. Wynue, the Government Commissioner, suitably responded. The Government cutter WaterLUy was at the islands under going repairs. A sm.-- ll cutter named the Start, belonging to Mr. McKay, had been totally wrecked at the iaia-TKi^. The weather has been excessively hot. Bushfires have been very prevalent, and both feed and water for stock, more especially on the back stations, are very scarce. In some localities the losses among stock for want of water have been very considerable, while in some cases entire flocks of sheep have suc enmbed to the effects of drinking inor dinate quantities of salt water. Advices have, however, been received of heavy thunderstorms having occurred to the eastward, and that the Murchison River is flowing. These are glad tidings for the squatters, who have probably never known a more embarrassing ssason than the present 