THE BEN DIG O ADVERTISER ' (VtJBLisinck axwA'.) riKXinEKBio^ otri rAoiiTS, and our resources. SAMJltt/BST, SATURDA \\\ <iCl\ 27, 1S77. THE ttOKSEV ELECTION. There is t,\\\ch an innate feeling in v.vt-Vy British breast against injustice iric oppression that wo are not astdniahcA that the decision which declared Sir. Gillies'3 seat for Rodney vacant has been hailed with universal con demnation throughout the country. Men of all classes, creeds, and political: sentiments participate in that feeling. The electors of Rodney riiay be edngratn lated on being placed ill the position t6 give a tangible prooi of their participation in that feeling, in returning Mr. Gillies by ft majority over his opponent that mil tiVmce their appreciation of his worth, as well as the estimation in which they hold the deci sion that unsealed him. Without dwelling on diffctenccs of opinion on political sub jects it may be affirmed, because the ' proposition will not be <3ispiit'ocl, that a man of Mr. Gillies's ability and honesty of purpose canhdt be well spared at this conjuncture of public affairs from the Legislative Assembly. That gentleman lias now stronger claims on the ftttitrftges of the electors of Rodney than ho had when he appeared before them in May last. In the first plaio it should not be forgotten by Ihe settlers and other residents in Rodney that the rail/oad which was in tended to pass through their district had been included in the Railway Con struction Bill through political influence, with the object of xlivortilig it in another direction* That design 110 man in the House 'opposed, in tho interests of the people of Rodney, with mora ability and determination than Mr. Gillies. So far he has been successful in that direction, and we firmly believo the railway will yet, not withstanding the opposition of the mon who unseated that gentleman, be made through the county of Rodney. I Mr. Gillies then stood fortli in the interests of his constituents undef ^ifettm stauces that might make a ttioro timid man reticent, or causa a less honest one to Jlncstc with the party that, to some extent-, had li'is legislative existence iii its Milds. Had he remained silent, whoil a measure so important to the Bottlers in Rodney as the Goulburn Y alley Bill hung in the balance, he might be permitted to occupy a dishonest seat, InU that honorable gentleman Htferiioa such a degradation* There Vvm no pandoring to power evinced by him, for what he believed to l(<5 tight and just he avowed openly and manfully, irrespective of the frowns of majorities here or the threats of majorities there. When Mr. Gillies held office As Minister of Lands, it cannot b'tJ dallied that agricultural settlement wis as much pro moted by him ill that and every other dis trict. ill the colony as nnder Mr. Iidngiltore. But how differently Wore tliQ poor struggling settlers situated Under his rule to the posi tion they occupy to- day? The most per fect liberty was then enjoyed by them in adjusting their private affairs, in making arrangements to borrow money, when, whore, and how they jiloasod, to assist them In Cavryilig Oil their opera tions, so as to cultivate their land, and mako ; independent homos for themselves aild their families. All Mr. Gillies required and insisted at their h;ihcts was good faith in their agricultural settlement, and compliance \Yith the terms on which the land was to be taken up. Now, under the reijimi of Mr. Longmore, to what kind of position nve they ! reduced 1 Why, to that of domestic serf- j dom, as much nuclei1 the surveillance df tho i Government authorities in their most private. transactions as the serfs in ] Russia. They cannot borrow money to help to sow or reap, or get in thtir crops, without his sanction. Their most' private transactions, their banking accounts, the persons from whom thoy buy their supplies, or thoso to whom they sell their produco—all come under the scrutinis ing eye of that Inquisitor-. As for the settlers in Rodney, they not iinly come under the above rules and regulations of Mr. Longmore, b\lt they wonld be deprived of a railway to take their produce to market, in order to subserve a political cabal, had it not been for Mr. Gillies and those who Acted with him. Another view may be taken of the claim that gentleman has established to tho suffrages of the Rodney electors. The very evidence adduced against him before tho Elections and Qualifications Committee dis proved the complaints made against him at tho last election. Then it was assorted that Mr. Gillies neglected tho interests of his constituents in not issuing tho leases timely and in proper order. The evidence even from his enemies atllrmed tho contrary, and established beyond question that the delays arose through circumstances that occurred before his advent to office—the erroneous surveys—and that his chief solicitude when ho was supposed to bo so remiss, was in ex pediting the issue of the leases. As to all else what can more convincingly affirm the character of Mr. Gillies in every capacity—as a legislator, an administrator, a candidate, and, above all, a man of honor— than that evidence ? No one gainsayed the right of the settlers to their leases, and their issue was very properly deferred until the surveys were rectified. Had Mr. Gillies, or j any other Minister so situated, acted other wise, he would, for the sake of gain ing a little temporary popularity, be laying the foundation for illimit able litigation amongst the settlors re garding disputed boundaries. That Mr. Gillies wisely avoided until the re-surveys were made, when the leases were issued, and tho benefits the settlers will derive from his foresight will be felt for all time in tho undisturbed possession of their freeholds. Mr. Gillies is politically defunct in conse quence of the decision of the Elections Com mittee, a decision that has astonished the whole colony, has been condemned by one of the men who voted for it, and cannot bo dofended by either of the other three. It is, therefore, only right in the cause of justice, and necessary for their own interests, that the electors of Rodnoy should again infuso Legislative vitality into the honor able gentleman by sending him back to the position ho filled so efficiently as their repre sentative. Supplement.—A supplement is published with this morning's issue. To Correspondents.—The publication of several letters, which are in type, is unavoid ably deferred. The unusual pressure on our space compels us to hold over several matters of general interest, and to curtail our leading matter. The Drought Testimonial.—A presentation of a purse of sovereigns and an address tv.is made at the Shamrock yesterday by the Mayor to Sub-inspector Drought; there were about twenty-live gentlemen present. In the course ef the proceedings a few toasts were proposed and heartily drunk m champagne, The Police Barracks.—There has beon an effort made of latu to have tha Police Barracks , removed out of the Camp. Reacrrvj th^ tjit't i Council havn placed thenlsoiyeii in .'coitxhtunica-: tiou with the Governmeit, tail there can be no doubt tlifit it the removal took place it would gre&tly; K3d t<s Hie appearance of the Resorro and to the accommodation of the children that wilt "be attending the new Statu School* ' latest reply frorii the Government', however, is Mi unfavorable otic; it i« Vfi, efiect indefinitely shelving the mAttil'. As a suggestion for another eitfi—which, doubtless, is the great difficulty standing in th-a way of removing the police out of the reserve—would it not be ad vantageous if the present elaborate structure, the Corn Exchange, could be sold to the Govern* mojit for a barracks; the building ia SUfely suit able enough for such a purpose, ami then a.town j hall could be erected elsewhere that ivauld.be ti ■ ornament and not a disgrace to thc^olty. With ' a view of moving thrther id the matter the sub-1 ject has.been referral to the Parkj Committee. • TftK ii\EIiCISF. OF. THE FRANCHISE. —Fl"OlA ft'' return presented in Parliament qn Tile jfcy last, on the motion of Mr. Robert Clark, it appears that at the time of the general election, iu May last, the utin*tit of electors for Sandhurst on. the roll was 6,932, that of this number 4,603 i vote« were recorded, and that there were it llie time 10,100 persons entitled t<5 i-ii'd franchise. "Punch,'—Melbourne Punch this week is up I to the average Jft point of excellence. The car toon eiuVeys a pointed allusion to Mr. Berry In reference to the debate on the Education vote, and the remainder of the publication is amusing. i Rabbit Oouksixg.—A sweepstakes fabbit' coursing match is to talre pldcd at .Harrison's Bull's Head Hotel, Grassy Flkt, on Wednesday next, and strrtrig Vuuriing rahbits are pro mised-. OlTV Police Court.—Tho Mayor,r with 1 Messrs. Samuel and Woodwards presided at this court yesterday. Orders tor the amounts sought were made (ft the following debt cases, with the costs specified':—James Eadie v. J. , Spinks, Work and labor, £7 4s. 6d., with 5s;! I'OSts ; W. O'Connor v. H. Bertram, goods, i, £12 8s. Od., with 5s. coats ; G, Ff Iluuter V. It, Farrell, goods, £6 9s. 9d,, with os. costs, i Sprenger and Unmack *\ Win. Bonny, goods, ■' £'J 3s. '2d., with, 13s. costs. 102 defaulting ratepayers Wire dealt witK. DjASIond Drills.—The Mining Department have received a telegram from tho Diamond Drill Company, New York, stating that three drills with appliances completo, which will sink to a depth of 1,500 feot, can bo obtained at a cost of £4,000. The Minister of Mines (states the vitVJiis) has decided to accept this offer, and has given instructions to hare the drills sent, together with a man qualified to work them. The Land Tax.—Mr. Bruce Gaunson, brother to Mr. David Gaunson, M.L.A., and brother-in law of the hon. J. M. Grant, Minister of Justice, has been appointed by tho Government to the position of secretary to tho Land Tax Commissioners, at a salary of £-350 a year. Mr. Bruce Gaunson up to the present (the Argus says) has filled a jnnier position in the Lands Otfice. j Model \acht Race.—It will be seen by ad- J vertisement in our columns that owners of boats are requested to meet to-night at Webb's Hotel, for tho purpose of taking.entries and arranging for the rAHes <3n the 4th KoV ember. FauiueiIs* CoMi'm'tiiii.W—In tho remarks we made yestsmav on the competition of farriers, tha names of the judges were omitted. They were Messrs. Bailey, M'Namara, Kcane, and Noble. Mr. Coyle, who won the furriers', prize, desires us to state that the horses he shod were two bays. Whilst those shod by tile other com petitor Were 4 black and grey. The FunerAl or Mr. M. 6'Brien.—The remains of tile late Mr. Matthew O'Brien, J.P., were yesterday morning r'emdved frqirt UiS late residence in View Place to Sfc, lliliaii's Church, previous to their inVcffi'ent in the White Hills Cemetery, At the church a solemn requiem niass was celebrated by the Revs. D. F. O'Connell, Murphy, and Davy, the Rev. Dr. | Reville acting as master of ceremonies, and tho very Rev. Dr. Backhaus as response? tn tho choir to the priests on ^ the dUr.r, After tho service was Concluded, tile corpse was removed to tlio iicarse, and the mouniful procession (Which consisted, besides th« hearse, of two mourning coaches and a number of private vehicles) wended its way to the cemetery. The burial service was performed by the same clergyman as celebrated the eefV'ice .at the church, and at the >?onv)Iusimi the very Rev. Dr. I BackhaUs .delivered a short discourse on the | mahy godd qualities which the deceased gentle lUitti possessed. He also referred to tho length I of time with , which he had Ueen acquainted with Mr. O'Brien, and he Was proud to say he had neVor' nie*. S. more straightforward, up right, il'r honest man. At the express wish of the deceased, the funeral was of as unostentatious a character as possible, the hearse boing devoid of plumes. Mr. O'Brien also requested that the funeral should be conducted as privately as possible, and as early in the day as con venient. The deceased gentleman was very greatly respected by a large circle of friends, amongst whom his death is very sincerely re gretted-. Death frojI Exhaustion.—The acting coroner (Mr. R. Strickland) held (in ikiqUest at the Hospital yesterday oil tils tjody of Helena InghailV, Wild was admitted into that institute on the 2nd instant with a fractured thigh, ami died there on the 24th from exhaustion, conse quent on the injur}'. The evidence of Henrietta Hooper, a married sister of the deceased, showed that she was thirty-nine years of age, and that for the past four years sho had suffered from partial p.iralysisj for which Sli'e was treated as an in- patient, add discharged about two years ago. She was dil a visit with the deceased on tho 1st July last, when she saw her attempt to walk round a table without the help of auy person. She had both her hands on the table, when she saw her slip and fall. Sho gob up herself, and little was thought of the matter. On the 2nd instant, whilst tho deceased was in bed, she noticed her left thigh much swollen, and in handling it she thought it was broken, and Dr. Cheyno was sent for, and described the injury a3 a very had fracture, and orderod the deceased to be taken to the Hospital; Dr.. Hirichcliff de posed that the deceased was admitted on the 2nd July, suffering from a fracture of tho left thigh, which was greatly swollen. She also suffered from paralysis of the lower part of tho body. Several largo bed sores formed, and theso combined with the lying in bed, produced debility and prostration, from which the de ceased died at half-past seven on the evening of the 24th instant. Tho case was hopeless from the first. Tho jury returned a verdict in ac cordance with the medical evidence. Tiie Bendigo Creek.—It seems that the late visit of the Ministry will, after all, result in some good. Mr. R. Clark, M.L.A., in formed the City Council yesterday, by latter, that the Minister of Public Works had sent an estimate of £2,500 for works on the Bendigo Creek to the Treasurer. The Council regarded this sum as being, in effect, already granted to tho CounoiL The Indian Famine Fund.—1Tho contributions received by the Mayor in aid of the Indian Famine Relief Fund amount to £152 14s. 9d. The Melbourne fund amounts to £11,125 17s. 2d. Primitive Methodist Church.—Three ser mons Tv-ill be preached in the Primitive Methodist Church,. Rowan-street, te-morrow. In the morning and evening tho Rev. C. Anthony will preach, in the afternoOii the Rev. S. P. Webber. Collections will be made at each service in aid of the trust funds. A tea and public meeting in connection with the church will be held on Wednesday evening next. Central Banquet to Mr Casey.—It is notified by advertisement that tickets for the central banquet to be given to the hon. J. J. Casey in Sandhurst, previous to his departure for Paris, may be obtained from any of tho mem bers of tho committee, of Mr. Brockley, Wil liamson-street; or Mr. James Mouafc, Eagle hawk. Sale of Gifts.—Tho annual sale of gifts in connection with St. Paul's Sunday school will be held at the schoolroom on Tuesday and Wednesday, the 30th and 31st instant. The half-yearly tea meeting will be held on the latter day, at the close of which tho sale will be continued. On Tuesday the sale will open at three o'clock in the afternoen. Young Men's Christian Association.—It is announced that praise meetings will bo held every Sunday morning at eight o'clock, and evening at six, at the Young Men's Christian Association rooms. The public are cordially in vited to attend. Bruce's B.B.—Bcndigo beer, as the saying goes, beats Banagher. Better liquor ia aeldom brewed, as attested by the numerous prizes awarded to it against all comers. Amongst those who have made the local article famous stands prominently out Mr. William Bruce, who3e name is indissolubly associated with the celebrated B.B. brand. An old song says:— " Willie brewed a peck o' maufc, and Rab and Allan cam to prce, thrae blither lads that lee, lang night, ye wadna find in Chiatomdee." That must have boon a glorious brew, similar, in fact, to the modern Willie's, for at the recent Bendigo Agricultural Show his draught and bottled ale took first prizes, and the judges— Mr. Terry, of the Carlton, and Mr. Woods, ef the Yorkshire breweries, Melbourne—declared that Mr. Bruce's ales were of a superior character, and a credit to any brewery. In our advertising columns Mr. Bruce returns thanks for the generous support ha has received from the trade and the public of Bendigo. The Vagabond.—A fourth series of the "Vagabond Papers" is in the press, and will shortly be issued, containing several chapters that have not previously been, published. Mr. George Robertson is the publisher of ' the book, and from the favor which " The Vagabond" has established for himself in the colony, no doubt the work will be eagerly sought after. New editions of the first, seceuil, and third series may now be obtained from nearly all booksellers, The ^tekliTEq.—A somewhat iengthjr 'and iiesultory conversation took place yesterday at the usual weekly meeting of the financo committee. The Mayor drew attention j to an illegality which the couttoill^ff} !i#*l iS'iii countenancing. The fi|lrtnC<S committee, it appears, waa called ifito existence by a bye-law, wlviek lij.5, however, since been repealed, The Vthole members of the Council havo 80ftta oil this committee, but since the repeal of the bye law no formal clsutioil lifts taken place, apparently it being regarded that the finance committee is tho Council, and tl>« Council the finance committee. Ao ftll illiiSttatioU of the ready flow- of cl8i[Ueiiile it tha liotftmamt oitj' oouucllloirs-, tlio debate bti tiii* sijttijcc-t was, briskly Continued Jdf ttVfte-ihiArters, 61 ftn.Tioqx, j during which titfi.fi sAch^ompumon'fciry phrases ' as "jbtr'e'ct rp%'.'. '^tiijsli, lawyer,';.' .."mare's: nest," etCp we're indulged, in. 1'he .town clerk said the p-hoie.cti^eulty could be settled in two minutes if councillors would but adjourn to tho Courisil Chamber and formally elect a finance committee. Everybody admitted this, yot the opportunity to "argue " could not be.lflst,. .One side maintained that there was ftll immediate urgency, and the other plomled the illegality of all nctip.ua by the committee until it was pro pel'iy appointed. Eventually the advocates of law and formality prevailed. These debates are excellent training, no doubt, for aspiring councillors. Watering the StUKKTS.— No» that tils summer months arc rapidly dpJJr'da'ihmg the un welcome diist iS Ajiiin . making j itself felt as a liuUaWSi. piti2efis..jVill,;no doubt.be glad to hear thpt the nuisance will to a. great extent be overcome this season by the adoption of a better system of street watering, the jGovcriun.flnt hdr '"S given tho. City Council. psi'tUission to use hydrants for , "tfSttritig the streets. The city surveyaf Ijas been instructed by the Council to report upon.the cost of additional fire-plugs for the principal streets in the city, which, it appears, will be required in, order to allow the streets to be watered direct from the mains by means of .the hydrants," ; Supreme Court, ■"•Xhs a.djourned sittings of tho Supreme Co\jrt will commence this morning at ten o'clock. The following tivil cases are to be disposed of:—Bell v. Oswald, Ryan v. Ryan, Haylock v. Shannon, samo v. Shannon and wife, Stephenson v, NcWey, Frrtser v. Commercial Bank, Fftspatririk v. Albert. FlRK-TOWSR.^Aii attempt is being made, as ws mentioned recently, to induce the Govern ment to erect a fire-bell and look-out towor over the new State school now in course of erection in the Camp Reserve. The Education Department have been communicated with, and a reply received that the tower would cost £250. The Council are willing to bear half the cost of the tower, or to pay a reasonable rental to the Government. The matter has been l'oferred to the local representatives) Who arc feciueeted to submit these two proposals to tile Minister of Mueatiorti Benevolent Asylum.—A special meeting of the governors of the Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday. Present—Mossrs. StetlHe (in the chair), Birch, Osbol'ilc, Hayes, Walter, Quin, nil,I Tolmio. After tile usual Weekly cases hill b<ii!u disposed of tha committed pro ceeded td the elelitinil df AilditoElS. Messrs. F. Browm W. d. IMack'nam, W. Davis, and J. Hasker were tho names submitted, and a ba'lot being taken, resulted in the election of Messrs. Hasker and Davis. Mr. T. E. 0. Birch was ap pointed collector out of sevtfil ftjijilicAnts. After this business had been disposal of tllo tenders for supplies for the ensuing tfix months wero opened-, arid the .tdlldwiiig \Vero dccepted Milk, Flaniiigaii, 3d. per quart; meat, Goudge and Hurla; groceries, Mooro Brothers, sta tionery and printing,.. Brockloy; boots, etc., Capewell; fuiierAlii; Farmer, at 3'js. The superiuterident reported that Mr. E. Gibssn had kindly offered to pay for tho admission of iifty of the old inmates to the concert for the Indian Relief Fund. Tho offer was accepted with thanks, but it , was thought doubtful whether such a niimbor of tho patients would bo able to attend. The CitRiai'itAa Holidats.—The matter of letting tha Reserve during the evenings of Christinas week for public show purposes was again brought under the notice of the linanco committee of the City Council vosterday. There are two rival parties desirous of speculating in this business j on the one hand a company styled the Evening Festival Committee, arid on the other lialias's Baiid, the No. 1 and City Fire Brigades. The St. Andrew's Society have ob tained tho Council's permission to hold their annual sports in the reserve during til# day, and' as they will be erecting a grand-stand, and' fen cing the ground off, they naturally are interested in tho letting of the ground in the evening. It was agreed that the society's offer of £'20 for the right of letting the Reserve during the evenin" be accepted, providing that they sub-let to none but Hallas's Band and the fire brigades. Bushfirks.—Bushfires have broken out earlier this year than usual in this district. During tho past two days a large bushtire has been raging somewhero in the direction of the Whip stick, whilst yesterday largo volumes of smoke rising apparently from the Hoathcote direction indicated a largo flra in that locality. Shoplifting,—rJatiob Durapd, a well-ltnown thief, wsis lodged In thte lockup yesterday by Conltable Meade, on a charge of stealing a pieco of moleskin from a store in Mitchell-street, and will be brought before the bench to-day. Larcent.—Catherine Murphy was arrested yesterday by Constable Meade on a charge of stealing a tent from Mr. Edward Gibson, and will be brought before tho City Bench this morn ing' Abstracting. Pewter.—Hannah Berry, a notorious thief, who has been under the sur veillance of the police for a long time, amused herself yesterday by stealing a pewter-pot and offering it for s&lc.; Ifc bore ths monogram of Mr. M'Grath, and as she could not satisfacto rily account for it she was arrested by Senior Constable Cooke. J The Weather.—Ths weather yesterday was very warm and sultry, and its unpleasantness ta persons having business to transact outside was increased by the dust which was blown about during the day. In the evening, howevor, it became mufill Cooler, 4itd thefo Were semt) in dications of il aharig* being At hdnd. The barometer lias bee.H steadily falling during the past two days. The thermometer registered in the shade at Messrs; Joseph and Co;'o, Pall Mall, is#follows9 a.m., 73*; noon, 86°; 3 p.m., 89"; 6 p.m., 83"; maximum, 93°; mini mum, 63°. Barometer.—9 a.m., 29*290 • 6 p.m., 29.100. Wholesale Swindling—An individual of the Jeremy Diddler class, and rejoicing in the name of George Frederick Power, and profess ing to belong to the firm of Powers, Rutherford, and Co., tried his hand in the city yesterday on rather an extensive scale, but was quickly nipped in the bud by Detective Alexander and Sergeaut Wobb, who arrested him just as he was going to lerant to Melbourne by tho mid day train. He commenced operations by buying a ton of fencing wire from Messrs, Mooro Bros., whidh he paid for by a cheque of £134, purport ing to bo sigued by Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co., and rocoived £4 change. He then went to the establishment of Messrs. Pickles and Son and bought a waggonette, which he also paid for with a valueless cheque, receiving £1 in change. The prisoner was arrested whilst on his way to the railway station just before one of the Melbourne trains started, but, singularly enough, no money was found upon him, though tha frauds had only been perpetrated an hour or two btSfdrei The Ovens and Hurray Adva'tUer reports a fatal accident to a little girl about three years old, daughter of Mr. George Jones, farmer, Black Dog Creek, who, whilst endeavoring to pull a fishing lino from tho creek, lost her balance and fell into the water, When taken out she was dead. Tho pay of tha olassiliers to be appointed under the Laud Tax Act has been fixed (states the A<j() at two guineas por diem, and one guinea a day for expenses. Female Agents.—It is well known (an English paper states) that the Government maintains a female agency in this country as well as in Paris. The fact that one lady ha». deprived us of her presence does not affect the service, for she has been replaced in London by another lady, who, like her predecessor, fre quents literary circles, and pays great attention to those who write on Russia, the object being to ascertain who is tho author of articles on that country. Authors should beware of this, and should not let their manuscript remain long in the hauds of tho printer. Suicide.—A melancholy case of suicide oc- curred at Allan's Flat, near Yackandandah, on Sunday, the 21st inst., when a married woman named Mary Ashforth committed suicide by hanging herself by means of a comforter to the iron rail at the foot of her bed. She had been suffering from a pain in her head for some time, and had expressed a desire to end her life. On Snnday morning, while her husband was out, she told her son, a boy of seven, to run out and play, and then terminated her life in the manner indicated. On the father returning home the little boy ran first into the bedroom, but re- turned, saying, " Come and see mamma stand- ing at the foot of the bed." He went in and loosened the comforter, but found that life was extinct. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that Mrs. Ashford committed suicide while suffering from temporary insanity. The Railway Bill.—The message from the Legislative Counoil on the Railway Construc tion Bill will not, it is understood, induce the Government to alter its tactics in any way. The bill (says the Argus) will be abandoned, and the undisputed lines will ba sent up in a separate measure. With regard to the other two lines, however, a committee will bo ap pointed to draw up reasons in reply to those stated by the Council, and with a view of con vincing the Upper House that it exceeded its privileges in its amendments. , A salmon weiglung Slbs., the largest yet caught, has beun sent per steamer Derwent to Mr. Goyder from Mr. Hadley, of the Ship Hotel, Hobart Town. 