TOPICS OFTHE WEEK. Nothing could be more emphatic than Mr. rniin Campbell's repudiation, in his speech to the electors at St Arnaud, of any hostility on the part of the free- trade party towards the imposition of a land tax as part of a measure of fiscal reform. He expressed his hearty concurrence in the general principles of Mr. Service's budget of 1875, as it at once shifted the incidence of taxation to a considerable extent from the poorer classes, and transferred the burden to wealth. He did not believe that any man among the electors was so insensate as to object to an equitable land tax. The opposition to Mr. Berry's Bcheme was not based on the fact that it included a land tax, bat it »iib directed against the "'bursting up poliwf which was avowed by the Ministry, and of whu'h that tax was the instrument. Mr. Campbell went on to expose the fdlUcy of the invaginations about a conspiracy of freetraders and landowners to oppose the B«iry budget. It was opposed because it was, in the opinion of over 40 members, mon strous and unconstitutional,'1 and the coin cidence of opinion and action Between them merely arose from a eoo-mon feeling of indig nation. But there were bat two or threa of the majority " who had any land worth speaking of." The very emphatic and dis tinct disclaimers made by Mr. Campbell, and several of his political friends, of any objec tion to a land tax, in itself, will probably, as they ought to, open the eyes of any section of the electors who have been misled on this subject But it is certain that they will not prevent the impudent and men daciouB attempts which have been made to dupe the electors. The fact that these state ments are in glaring opposition to all the evidence will not prevent them from being made in the future, as fchey have been hitherto. Those whose only political hope lies in their capacity of deluding the people by fallacies in reference to the clearest matters of experience, are not men to stack at trifleB. When ingenious misrepresenfca tion is not sufficient, they are quite ready to supplement it by audacious falsehood. So that there is no reason to suppose that any tVg that Mr. Campbell, or anyone else, can say will preclude the repetition of untrue statements regarding the objects of the political party to which they belong. The appeal must be to the people who are asked to decide between the public pledges of respectable men who axe able to cite their acts in support of their professions, and the abusive calumnies of unscrupulous dema gogues, by whom slander, abuse, and false hood are regarded as legitimate weapons of warfare. The Teport of the Melbourne and Hobaon Bay Railway Company, presented at the half yearly meeting on Tuesday, doeB not lend much support to the arguments of those members of Parliament who contended that the price the Government was willing to pay for the line was an extravagant one. That price was calculated on the annual dividend of 9 per cent, before paid by the company. But this half-year the directors are enabled to increase the rate of dividend to 10 per cent. Nor is this done by means of paying away the whole of the half-year's earnings as profit to the shareholders. Provision is made for the improvement of the property by carrying over £10,327 to the reserve fund. All this shows that the rate of profit of the com pany is rapidly increasing, and consequently that the value of the property is increasing likewise. It also proves the great folly the notion which took hold of the mind a section of the public, that by pur chasing the line the state would in some way its means of constructing railways £n the country. It is surely evident to tire dullest financier who has no object political factiousness to serve, that by ac quiring a highly profitable property such as this railway, the state would be in a better Instead of a worse position for undertaking what newworks naw be required. Now we ?ball hare to apply a large sum of money to the object of bringing by some rouse or "*hDr the Oipps Land Kail way into Xdboonieu It catinot be expected that the none/thus expended will yield anything other (ban a logs for some time, and will thus 6 a drag npoto instead of an aMtafcauca to the railway enterpriae of the colony* This ie a* of the instances in which the dearest public intereeta are sacrificed to the narrow nces incara:i'y. or factious obstructive^ of^'party, a ,d illustrates the way m wh.cb the country hae to pay heavUyfor the larary o! being represented. as «t is, h? the men wfcemit cho-ecs for the position of members of Parliament. Tbe Melbourne atmosphere has presented a strange appearance daring thelaat few days from being overladen with smote, caused by tbe bush-fires which have been bnrmng to the (southward. Probably never within the memory of the oldest inhabitant has the city been enveloped in BO dense a Bmoky pall for so long and unbroken a period. The Bmoke-veil has usually beoome denser towards evening, tbe 8moke at that time apparently settling lower and becoming more condensed towards tbe surface of theground. For the last hour or more of its downward coarse the eun hasshone with the deep crimson hue of blood, and has become invisible, and lost in the smoke long before it reached the horizon. The blue-grey ha» has gone on deepening after sunset, and when dark ness came on the distant gas-lamps were blotted out by the thick medium exactly as by a dense night-fog. The smoke imparted an unpleasantly pungent quality to the air, and which told very perceptibly on the eyes and nostrils. To a stranger the aspect of things must have seemed one of alarm, and the city must have appeared to be threatened by the sweep of a tremendous and steadily approaching conflagration. But it is clear that however much the appearanoes may have been due to some atmospheric conditions which nosed the smoke to drift mneh lower than usual, and to creep closely along the surface of the earth, ite volume,' and the enormous quantity which has passed over the city 'during the last week«r more, must testify to very widespread and numerous fires, and to vast destruction of .herbage, and possibly of . valuable property. The protectionist organ has kindly pointed out a wsy by which producers under a rdgirnt of protection may avoid the incidence of the law which restricts them by the natural operation of high prices to tbe artificial market legislation has made for them. The BaJlarat Woollen Comany, for instance, is losing money because, as the local market is over-etocked, or, as the secretary of the com pacy puts it, because the demand is suspended by the season, it cannot sell its goods. With a capital ot £27,000, tbe company has in the last sis months lost £915. It has about 40,000 i yards of flannel and 1,000 shawls in store, exposed to the losses and damage of storage. And all because tbe home market is for tbe time fully supplied, and the outer market is inacceesible to goods produced under the costly system of protection. The position is an awkward one for the shareholders. To them, and to all sicnilirly Bituated, the protectionist journal poluta out a course. The example of the American paper manufacturers is held out to them, and they are iLferentiallj bidden to follow it. It ia only necessary to imitate the tacsic3 of the wicktd freetrader, and carry the war into the enemy's country. The paper manufacturers of America are resolved to export their paper to England, and to make a market for it by offering it " upon terms that will command tbe custom of the English and foreign buyer." In other words, they purpose to get rid of their surplus stock by selling it at a loss, and tbe resolve is praised as a brilliant piece of commercial strategy. That it would in certain respects be effective there can be no question. As it is only the price of Ballarat fl^nnal which prevents its finding any sale abroad, there is no reason to doubt that a large demand for it would rapidly spring up if it were given away for nothing to the foreign consumer. But this is rather cold comfort to offer to the shareholder in these pro tected industries, whose sole object in his investment is to obtain a dividend, and who is told that he can only expect to find a market for his wares by selling them at half the price they cost him to produce them. The remarks of Sir A. Musgrave, in his farewell speech at Adelaide, on the practical irresponsibility of colonial Governments could hardly be more forcibly illustrated than by what has lately occurred in Tas mania. The somewhat curiously composed Government which has for some months ruled in that colony has lately experienced a successionof disasters and disgraces. Destitute from the first of any legitimate ration dJUre, with a policy which, in every respect in which it differed from that of the previous Govern ment, was nothing but blunders, this Ministry, in the recent special session, re ceived an expression of opinion from the Legislature, by which its existence as a con. stitutional Government was virtually ter initiated. In a session called for the special purpose of redressing a ridiculous error in a most important enactment, a solemn vote of censure upon the Government was im-* in both Houses -in the Assembly by the casting vote of the Speaker, in the Upper House without a dissentient voice. The matter of tbe censure was of tbe most important nature. The Ministry was condemned for advising the Governor in Bach a way as to subvert the administration of justice. No greater fault oould be com mitted. If, as Burke said, the whole object of the machinery of King, Lords, and Commons was to get 12 honest, independent men into tbe jury box, what is to be said of a Govern, ment which, after it had by a stupid blunder made It impossible to empanel a jury for a whole year, next proceeded to bring jfiry trial into contempt by wantonly setting aside a sentence which embodied the verdict of the jury and the judgment of the judge upon a gross case of crime? In saying, as some members said, that the offence of theBe Ministers was not a poli tical offence, they passed the severest condemnation upon it. It was an offence which struck at something more vital than ordinary politics, something which all poli* tical parties usually regard as sacred. Yo^ though the judgment of tbe high court of Parliament was posted on the conduct of Ministers-a judgment that was practically a sentence as well oa a conviction, the finding is utterly disregarded. Parliament is quickly dismissed, and Ministers retain their piftces. as though responsible government was boc h figment of the fancy. The declaration of b as of their Dumber, that be will not quit office until he is kicked oat, appears to be the motto of them all And the kicking mast be real and substantial before they will honour it with recognition. It is folly to talk of Ministerial responsibility in such a Btate of affairs as this. The course of Parliamentary affairs during the last \feek or two in New South Wales will hardly be referred to by the most ardent patriot as evidencing the successful acclima tisation of representative institutions intbeae colonies Them were, first, the serious charges against the Minister of Lands, made and received by the House In a manner which exhibited an utter want of self- respect on the part of those who brought themi and of the Assembly which, after entertaining and discussing them, did not insist on *n ex haustive inquiry. There was then the reply of Mr. Garrett-his repudiation of the allegations of bribery and Ministerial oor. ruption, and his most humiliating > con fession relative to the manner in Which he passed his time during his recent visit to Melbourne. This wan followed by the motion of censure on the Govern ment proposed in so lame a manner by Mr. Piddington, and replied to by Mr. Robertson in a speech which for coarse flippant insolence is probably unsurpassed by any discourse ever delivered by a Prime Minister in any Legislative Chamber. In addition to what was supplied by Mr. Robert son's vulgar jauntiness, there was another unpleasant element in the Government case, in the shape of very grave doubt as to the bona fides of Mr. Garrett's resignation, and its acceptance by the Premier. There was a good deal of fencing in regard to this which savoured very much of trickery. We 1 say nothing of the attack made by Mr. Garrett upon the private lives of some of his assailant#, as he was probably driven be yond his self-control by his consciousness of his own unhappy position. As the result of this discreditable conflict, the Ministry succeeded, by dint of decisively separat ing themselves from their colleague, iu obtaining the sl«nder majority ot three. It is evident that such management ae this on tbe part of the leaders of the two sides of the House is making a fine opportunity for Mr. Partes, who, in the background, quietly bides his time. Indeed, those who feel the greatest distrust of that statesman will be inclined, with a Brisbane contemporary, to doubt whether matters have been improved by substituting for him men who, with far less than his ability, give no evidence of being guided by any higaer principle than himself. We suppose we mast regard it as a conse quence of tbe stamp of men into whose hands the reins of government are often committed in the colonies, that the Colonial Office has of late had on more than one occasion to use its strongest influence to secure the observance of undertakings which could not be broken without discredit to the English name. We lately referred to the dispute between British Columbia and the Dominion of Canada, in which the province was driven to the verge of separation by the repeated refusal of the Canadian Government to carry out the agreement by which the adhesion of the province to the Dominion was secured. More recently the Legislative Council of Natal, perhaps influenced by this bad example, has dealt in a manner tanta mount to repudiation with an arrangement entered into under the sanction of the Colo nial Office. The Pall Mall Gazette thus statestbe case"The Putili tribe, suspected by Sir Benjamin Pine of complicity in the alleged rebellious designs of Langalibalele, was punished by the confiscation of til its property; but Sir Garnet Wolseley's inquiries were condemnatory of this proceeding, and resulted in a recommendation, approved by Lord Carnarvon,thatthe Putili tribe should be paid a sum of £12,000, in four annual instal ments, as compensation for the property of whichtheyhad been deprived. The Legislature of the colony seems to have assented to this measure, and last year the first £3,00D was paid ; but early in the present year (1876) Sir Henry Bui wer had to report to the Colonial Office that the Council had only voted £1,500, declining to admit that compensation was due to the tribe, while professing readiness to deal with every individual case of hardship and distress." Lord Carnarvon, under these circumstances, felt himself called upon to write a strong despatch, pointing oat that the pledges given could not be repudiated, and that "the honour of Her Majesty's Go vernment and of this country, as well as that of the colony," was involved in the matter. We think that if the standard of pub lic honour shows any sign in the colonies of falling below that of the Imperial Govern ment, such a decline by no means evidences a moral degeneracy of the communities themselves, - but rather illustrates the tend ency visible in the colonies, as in America, of the Governments to represent the lower rather than the higher elements in the cha racter of their peoples. A political experiment of a most interest ing character is now being made by the Governor of Fiji. His object seems to be to encourage habits of forethought and self reliance amongst the native population, and thus gradually to prepare them for the freer political institutions which may be expected ultimately to develope from the occupation of the islands by the English. To facilitate this end he has constituted a sort of Native Council of Advice, comprising among ItB re. prcsentatives all tbe Roko Tuis of provinces, eomeof the native stipendiary magistrates, a considerable number of the Balis of dis tricts, and otheiB in high repute among the inlanders. This conncil assembles onoe a year to debate all matters affecting native* interests, and submits its advice to His Ex* cellency in the form of definite resolutions. Last year its deliberations were held in the native Protestant Church at Waikava, a littlp village in the province of Gakaudrovi. It remained in seeeion for upwards of three weeks, its proceedings being conducted in secret, as no white man was permitted to be present after Sit Arthur Gordon bad opened the Council in person on November 23. It is satisfactory to observe, from what lias since transpired, that the natives appear to appreciate the incipient political privileges accorded them, and that they discussed with gravity and earnestness important matters affecting their welfare. The subjects which engaged their attention included the bona* dories of the provinces, the equitable division of the lands, the special and general rights of the chiefs and the people, the labour ques tion, &c.; On each of these, as wall as on other kindred subjects, resolutions were arrived at and were submitted to His Excellency for his approval as representing the view of the natives of Fiji. A section of the white popu lation appeals to regard thtfte/ptoceedings with undisguised jealousy. The advice ten dered to the Governor is deeded -aa not representing the view of the native popula tion, bat merely the ideas of a dominant class, whose sympathies and interests are opposed to those over whom they still hold sway as chiefs. The rancour which the dis] satisfied portion of the community exhibits naturally induces impartial observers to re ceive their conclusions with considerable caution. Experience has taught us that the policy of recognising the claims of the native population to some share in the government has proved beneficial in New Zealand, where representatives of the Miaori race are even admitted to a voice in the Executive. It is to be hoped that similar success will result from the enlightened and humane policy now being pursued by Sir Arthur Gordon. It is reasonable to suppose that the European powers will be rather embarrassed to reply to the question which a as h.-sri quietly put to them by Jtaesia in a circular note. FtUEBia, before cdtaiug to a decision relative to the Eastern iftaestiaa, &3ks t e Powers who were represented aVfche confer ence what course they purpose t&kiog; in view of the Porte's ivjyctioa of their de mands. This question forcibly bring* us back to the realities of the situation. The Czar, in effect, says" You agreed with my representative that any settlement of this difficulty was worthless unless we received Bnbstantial guarantees that it would be per manent. You agreed what these guarantees should be, and joined with me in pre* ferring the demand for them to the Porte. This was three weeks ago, and nothing has changed since save that the demand urged by united Europe has been contemptuously rejected. If those guarantees were necessary then, as you decided they were, presumedly they are necessary now. And what do you mean to do now that they are refused 1" It muBt be very unpleaB&nt; when by this time the Conservative and pseado-liberal journals have doubtless chanted the wisdom and success of the Beacons field Government, as shown by the brightening prospects of peace, to be thus reminded that all the difficulties and dangers of the position still exist in their full force. 