lOt rrltvtvt Otto t Ltroorr P orlt \VA'rctItxor-l'oc - I ''hoi portion of lortd hocoinofttir de!ocrihod hao hn(m withdrtawn frorn thI loono ol which it hithhrto Iolormid part:-No. 4. Coounty of Argylo, parish of Mullhn tullonlcga, to ilnol'ado t mor so, about 320 aere. 'TIheo crown rlandn within tho fo)lowing boundarion: Corm tnonaiog at teio north-olut cornor of E. Hail's; 500 acrn; atindt boundlrl Ihonrloo on th niorth by ai line Iearringr oUlt to tii iargielnt of th moirrn wrhich formto the noath houndar y of t., IlIM'i 1000 ocroin; tcIrce rgoint by the northorn rnririn of that mnorrro noirrthl aorpterly and ooitt.h-ontorly to the wrestltrn hIoiudary of .)lniol Oaopor'e 100 aerel; thonco on tho tntt by a lino bearing nouth hoihlg ho wottoirn boundary of thart portion to tha northorn oido of tti ronad whitrb forms th nrorthorn boundttriis of priortion 13, 12, &eo.; thonco on tlhe outh by thit rold north-wertirly ilong tho northelrn bourndnrii of portiono 13, I, i11, 10\. , 0, 7, rond 0, to theo nteatln botontnry ot .. llrll'i 000 aorn rfroullid; tihoron orr ho wontt by Ihat boundary hoiring north to Itho ortnmenoiro poirit. IrnelrVtr 1oitrOt iALdr Oitlt FVATEI-ScurPI'LY.- T-jh0 ovoirnor dircoti it to be notiflod tlIhtl thit, lnd pooi Ood in the nohurllo leppondtUld loroto lhIall bo rtoervod from nalo for the prolcrvatlion of otrtorlo-spply:--Nr o. 63\. Oounty of Argylt, purish of Malltlnrurllonga, to includo a troroar, ,otrlt 320 noros. 'hl i rowerit lutnrdi writhin the followrlg boundatrion: Oarnmt noirng t ttho northt.oal t cornror of NI. lHall'n 00 acre; itld bouitdod thonco on tho north by r lie troearing out to thto margin ot thr morann, wttich form tire eorth Ioutnd. ary of 1E. Inll'u 100 aortrn; thouoo agaoin by thu northorn mnrgin of that morat northr.onterly anrid otnth.oasterly to thie wootorn boundrary of Xraniil Coopor'o 1000 noroet thonot on tbo eoat by a lino berarig soutlhr, buiong tho weatrrn tbourintry of that portion, to thr northtorrn ide of a ro ml whrioh formo tho northtorn rbourlrio orf prtiorun 13, 12, &o.t; and theoncoe on tho oouth byt that rood north-wcnntorly ololrg tho northrn Iottndlarillr of portlort 13, 12, 11, 10, t, 8, 7, tnd 6, to tho anoltorn boundtry of . fIliil'o 000 toroe rforesoid; thono on tht wont by that boundtr ry, boarint north to the oommonoiog point. Mltluovn?tl.-i-T-aotday,--Tho Itronmuror in btenlg intnrviowod on the nubjoot of Itariff altoratitnr. O'Noil hao boon teoqlitted of mutrder on ho ground of ineanity, irnd in to rrmulnt in anttdty pnndint tho Govorino'r pllanuro.-t-.'trt uno of illu on tho rirlvayos Ilans boorn nlucocanfully triodt.--Sir Ilrynnt O'Logilo-r, woo har bomn rlinoteod for Olar,f will not go horno for romrt montht yot.--Th l3mnortotirrtiro (r.) malltr Iirr panogr in 1ilty da)o and noix Iotlrln . Thit it tho Imret run oto rhnn ylit rmadt.-- T'l'ht tlp Lucillo from Livor pora, mot with very tcltpniuoittle WOutoertilr. Two rlinr woro loot oveorboardl.-ln thti LoVn?.i?aivIo CUoiUnol to tlnay, the necoonll readingl of tooe tlliluway Oiritruotion Iill wror moved, intd the dbaito it nowt prouooiling. tEvlhttoce wiill ea o rtr to tho t variollu rouir at the bar of tite tlomio. In thie Anoornbly, in comeorittoti of wety tr In or lrn on the Ilind ttx, Sir .Johtl O'lthtannt y mIrnado 0 lonrgthoiod iponoht, uritioiliti thlr virious proporilt of the bill inlrorducod by tih govcrnmont to ornaond tho liaw rolating to friondlly nonilt(lio.--llrowtn elt?lluro iro in1 granit drratrndtr.-.Thtrr Plthtrnt has bolor tr0ntrn uIIp to land 400 totni flour for Sioutllh Afrioc,--l.Iops tro nlliotg fraclyl about I230 btloen hirvo chanltod hatnd. A Lonltuor tolgramiro ltatoI that Hlrltnouny'r brandly htn atdvanotr Ito 0/0.-Anerooitritd rlui (talograrrm. ¢T?uIn LATInT AttOUT Tttu rIAIu-STA.IIrtat NOIIt[ANt ny.--MlIackny, rlttrtrdaiy.-.Thn putrrnrtl.tr gerr wourt alurrOOintlly ttrlatotlhipeod to Iho Normnutrty, lltonuttor. lat rnillht(, tho weothtur biorlng onl rrnd ntircry Ircoillty oiliring. T.ho vontil inow liote on In iall tad of enittl, anlrd by conmennt IUniing lit floatt at hltItt water. (turitnin Roddoll oxrpl o to to gOrt hetr off durilng the opring rilol n if theo lrolllrt Ivtavourmbtl woather sIhlloirl liet. rJThe wholo pitrty ire worltin( it nrlnrtiutlly ond with groat npirit.--Tologranrr to t.vonltng Norwn. "lX'ttrittdtr)thAttY OPrtueIII (?to ON t'ru t?nrt,--Mr. Ilarry luillivrnr (Cuctlllrintlllt to tt(I O nllls ailld MUtrray Atdvortihrtr) hat urteirti on a r it itrlir oporation. It will biie rilmrcrbrli rtld thit lt atl irtlryni t no Thratro Maothdl'n .word ecloluhtally utrulk hidm in the eyo, ciraltrlng irn abrilept ltrlnlllaill oi inc ng I mlntrllrlllt, IIII hIl rnlirlr ntllll for nrIIrtl toehllon . Itt Itoe nlllr t11 Ilt tilh le t.r'i hunii t rlroiri, tI tl Wnll b liovOdtl, tt ovrr iliclrtl htt htlln t1111'11 lronrirrid wittl t oturiouto notn. lion of thi ren, llrtrvin ll eoihltod i n ot culit, tlho oltnntolortn wattn lritttiO nt tholt ilerre nrlllht bo ornro thlng ht thi )'ll t ilnr lt Ii f noiroi 1 1tfle to t lundtrto tho nonoosr ~ry oporalion or tnltlng thin theory. [Ito tyciihll wa oiul operr , and from it tlhorn wonn takorn tn tryitirh wtirh hat itm rt thrunt it at the po0nt of lth ewaron. Mr. BSilllvilt tior ntow rercoyerod. twtotItNt A romtrNw..-A trurfutltly tovero aucltont Ihofoll Ir yOtgll 11m1n rlrllrnrrd Jllnmon iltlrron at tVWoorl. aiui ott \Verdintliy rfieortnoonrtti. tihd tioi i drihr. Ing ('yp lIhii Kynortnn CObrfurver), but .r.ot nrl ;tItri i r111O1iriy ro? hiLlll rltireridl llllo whr roh wo i t rll r i t. tlrin ih frotl of thre ltlht n firp tlrr, whit wao an lllt~nlllly larlo oin. 'Tlh otnly otlhnr pltrrorn trlrrnut tire hIIoeiillltl tIlthr wt io nitr, who h ind ocullOll to fot tur, uinto t t trk yard for it ttomne1t. PtttllO i wiat htariillrrtlll tillrlt ty It titurlitnt inmttillt, irril illpl)ton ittrlnIg tht hithlteh wtt horrillid to lat d hitr non lyrilt help. hl1n rrrill lrillllrllrrur nl iprtly oiI hutl lhinolt, trtd th rlt htl inle of hti luead ru ttoh hIItmtrig tillio irn. tlthi putllhlr hiht oultt ui1n itrrmnrllittrly onlrlll (,,r nllnintnu ltc . tllrlrtltlc 0/r00 it)ililitii n llll t )r. Ohlrlltl oll wnroeti nt \Voodeiil' lit th timwrnvint ntallr In it id attnrhlli thio poor follorw, whoI welr elforlntt d'trrr(rlful toriturn. Irt ordrrrod tli reo(lllOval to tht houptiral Ietorlr hte rnll ilitttn thr, ralln io niLtllntl , h blI r t rtnnlrt elox tII trndtllly OW thrrtnrt tan rrnohr, arr thr ritttht our pw n drtadilfrly Inlurt d, )urllill hiit nili ht t hl o ol tffi ror rcllltillnri oclltonrelotrnu , brt tho next Ilorttl~gI hrl Illo wat doe. p irod of, and although t h hcs ineoo rtllied thore in iv ry littleo propoct of his uitim(tc recovery. DEATH THROUGH A SIMPLE ACCIDENT.—On August 3rd Mrs. Nancarrow, of the Ross Crossing Hotel, Townsville, met with an accident which terminated suddenly and fatally. Her husband was driving in some horses, when one of them broke away and alarmed Mrs. Nancarrow, who was engaged at the clothes line in the yard. She ran off with a bundle of clothes in her hand, and it appears, that falling over a log she dislocated her neck and died instantly. Nor GENEI::LLY K(n'ewN.--It il not gen.irclly lcnowno.(cay a Sydntey tolcirntra to 11ho lelbourno journarih) that lMr. Garrett roade it a oondition on his taking olioo lthct hif tiro formor colleagucn-I-Mr. Stuart anrd Mr. [touro-sthould be left out, o wing to thoir ttitudo towcmrdn him after ho roCigIed his port folio in ,th lateo gove rnment. PAINFUL AND FATAL ACCIDENT.—We have just learned with very great regret (says the Macleay Herald), that Mrs. Miller, the wife of Mr. John Miller, of Rhoden Island, Hastings, was killed on Wednesday, the 8th instant. She was seated in a cart when the winkers were taken from the horse to enable him to feed, and sad to relate, the animal bolted, and after running about one hundred and fifty yards, the cart was capsized, the side of it catch ing Mrs. Miller at the neck, killing her instantly. Mrs. Miller leaves her husband and seven children to mourn their bereavement. Her youngest child is only four months old, and she herself was only twenty-seven years of age. The sad event has cast a deep gloom over the neighbourhood. DEATH FROM FRIGHT.—We regret to record the death of Miss McLaren, a fine young woman of nineteen years of age, and daughter of Mr. D. Mc Laren of the western suburbs, Ipswich. If the information we have received is correct (says the Queensland Times) the immediate cause of this young woman's death was the result of that larrikin ism which, notwithstanding all that has been said on the subject, seems to be on the increase in this town. It appears that when proceeding into town a few evenings ago, and when passing g along a lonely portion of the road, some youths with masks on suddenly rushed out on the road before the poor girl. The fright occasioned such a shook to her nervous system that she fainted, fell into a low fever a day or two afterwards, and gradually sank and died. The grief of the parents at their sudden and sad bereave ment is, as may be easily imagined, very great, and we trust that the untimely end of the young woman will prove a lesson not soon to be forgotten by those wretched idlers whose chief employment seems to be to insult and injure every unprotected female they meet. TRAGEDY AT KOROIT.—Koroit, Monday.—Intelli gence was brought into town on Sunday morning that John Stanton, son of a farmer whose death by pistol-shot was reported in Thursday's Argus, had committed suicide, and that his mother also was dead. The news proved too true. An inquest was held on both bodies this morning by Mr. Craig. In the young man's case, a witness named Patrick O'Brien stated that after attending the senior Stan ton's funeral on Friday he went to Warrnambool, passing Stanton's house on Saturday. On his return O'Brien's wife and brother looked in to see how they were. John, the son, complained that his mother was ill and he could get no one to look after her. O'Brien left his wife, and he and his brother and John Stanton sat down by the fire. Mr. O'Brien then told him to go and rest, which he did. Soon after he got up, and on being remonstrated with said "I cry enough." He went into the back skillion alone, and immediately the report of a gun was heard. Upon O'Brien trying to open the door he could not. He looked over and found the body of the young man lying against it. The deceased moaned two or three times andexpired. He had placed the gun on the bunch between two bags, and holding him chest tightly over the muzzle shot him self, the ball entering his left chest and coming out at the shoulder. The verdict was that the wound was self- inflicted during temporary insanity. It in the opinion of all that the deceased shot his father accidentally, and shot himself from fear of exposure. Mrs. Stanton, whose life had previously been des paired of through consumption, on being told the bewa, simply said "I knew as much." She gradu ally sank, and expired in an hour and hour. An in quest was held on her body afterwards, when a verdict was returned attributing death to consump tion and fatty degeneration of the heart. The post- mortem examination showed that the heart was so weak that it could be torn up in stripes iike paper.— Telegram to Melbourne Argus. OnANoI:.-'Iuillnody.--A man wan killeld at the railway amltion to-day through a truck paoingl over him,-Anoaniated Prel1 tologram. BlutIliN.I: -Tundally. -The l 0oottinh Bit.1 has arrived lt Townvillo, from London, with 280 imnmi grantl on boa\rd. - [tIin Iixcllonoy the Gonvrlnor hba nneontled to a bill to rogulltl the immigration of Ohinaso, and to mmako provinion lagti(no0 their looloing cOrllfrl Ioupon tIhe coloony.-The proclamla tion of Ilnroh laot, doolnrlng tha1t Hlongko,(ng and China wa,ro infooted with small-pox, atid lInn,(l]O1ti0 va0o0la arriving theonc to idxl nn daya' quaraTlntino, hon boon roescidod.-Anooobatedl Pron tologlrarn. A BANK-MANAGER KILLED.—Rutherglen, Tues day.—Mr. William Thorne, for some years and at present manager of the Bank of Victoria, Ruther glen, was being drawn up a shaft on the Pipe-clay Reef to-day. When within a few feet of the surface he let go his hold of the rope and fell to the bottom, a distance of eighty feet. He was killed on the spot.—Telegram to Melbourne Argus. CHILD BURNED TO DEATH.—On Friday evening last a daughter of Mr. Samuel Mc Donald's, residing near the village of Bowral, aged about four years, came by her death through injuries received by fall ing in a fire. It appears that some bushfires were burning in a paddock near Mc Donald's home, when deceased and her brother, aged six years, went out to them. Deceased in throwing a stick upon one of the fires fell in and received dreadful burns on the head, the eye and ear on one side being completely destroyed. The little brother pulled his sister out of then fire as soon as possible and immediately informed his parents. Dr. Lambert of Berrima was at once sent for; but the child died within twelve hours of having received the injuries.—Mossvale Scrutineer. T'1': Virotrti'i 'A luir. - Wl. ? doalndy'n ltlllbotnrno Argoun nryi :--Hir Jdnmon Moo(Uloonh wnn in good eoaklung form aut ni1ht, arnd dtlivired on ofontivo Oan nildrhlr1n n1o hny hoen illh 1 ido In thie logIslhltlro forI ocrlo timnon pnt. Iln olaim?nd thoht hi hod tlinr thi trdnllry with a dulluolaooy o0limlatld nt 1lO0,000o, nn11 Ihod loft it with Irnl o o Bl hlinon of over £140~0000. Arid ho nllao1rtod tlhat thlo tronnolllror w now Inorlln. ing tho oxplldlituro by £C330,000 por nnnorn. .In roviow of tho propnood reoviolon of tho trtll wonn hloeitohdly ollnltio, Th'lln duty, ho add0, won tloon olff prlIortilg lnpnwll r ,lnold no i Illonry,h'lll 1nd Ion 1pt o'l thleh expIillll lvOe o )y hll o i rreat O iII n lll inllllltlo)v . !Patent ruchinery' required on the Igohbloidhl, which 0c,(ull not hi IidllIo rll1r1, wn1 taxuld £..701) III"r annll m,I andll (|, tunnulllrorl min ta[inedlot thin imlpont?, a111d tookc £1•3000 o11ff 11hid Itlovll. 3)ri0 Lrnlitn wr11 to io l)o, lnd tho nrrllr w01n to pIly 1d. on ovory 1111ni0 hi l10111, for th hoofllit of twno Mtllbourntl mllll01notrll0l'0ln 0who wNr1 Irloldy don1l r omarktnbly w01ll. 'lTii, hol. gelntliomenl :oorrolborntol tho Illtlmnlllt proviously ionde thIlt thi anhnpownwrl noronn thile lllrrony would tio drvllln by t impnot on 1111oop11011 to 111111 thi hIollihi: pot. Hia Ivrvato aldvieon loft nio douabt orn hih mind that thn tInx wo00111 turn the 0llo wllth ?lllltttorll who hlad |oll ong l ho iuntir?rati ni1 to tillh coura'nn they nhould Illdopt. Tl'h tovlrnlllllt 0 lorl cohltrging mIrl' Ifor Ilivorinrn nhollop thn 111t t iolorian oil 1lh 0r10lys, 'Thly 1ow prolponlld n lplolit i1npont oil ollllltn 0toc0k, nlld nll nil thin wIle Ilynlyln the fonllulton hor baI1 fotolirng 110ot0nor two colornllla whlonn irltorll?n 10ore th0e 1m0 nndl who woro dLlpodOnt up111011 onrh otllhor., Tim hln. Itoritlonmnl p00ko wvithl wlrmth in dnlprcatlng( thn iglobflo nd 1nwl o o alur0 of fllmlolnlvmn intoroolon i. jolo?lnlon, n ho 11n II1t dlown 1mllll thl oh11ro ol thao' lion. mmbnlnr0 wh1 01 it the t lo ll of tI St il)0111r. OlltlolO or' E?Noo.NI).-- TIII IOn. Witlltln Andlor non of Ihu iondonl Onlngo of )loiinlty fino loon ip. pointltd olroto in ohorgo of thn distriot 1of T.'.r1agto, lrindioullnmn, &o.; \- Mlr. W. hI., Itlrtlyn, linonnid rnallvr, hon blol rornnvcll frlom thn Tra.1r10o ldiftrlot io Ithtt f Tnrnign an~d Poja,tr &o.--Austradionu; Church hint lit'inontgo. 111 lu ll jllh, v&.--Thlu llneof 3O10 I0-ro 101101.1 p III oodi triii l, 1 wh hlh vtlleltln Lhl Ylo111, ltItio ltit 1 .i 0111m, Ibro ke d.ow alllt lnt1n'1 0 rna01 , 110 tshlt o11g11t mle l tfIlroltls 1IlI, onI ?1l0c1Oed1 y II1 ut11, lllOlltl? plhto tho G1o01 llllllir l 0i onl1 wl 1111 oug, o wI1n dep rl ltlhOl ldl to Ino thlu traln on frorn XYan, 1 111t rche11 010 (o.ll urn nt llf lilnght, inletad olllf ,t 4' 315 p.n . 1'111hn dllaly waoll i0rtly c0l,,dalolol 13y thOl Itlcuity ?1r dotnining tih tr In allt Yn,?o IaftIon, Ill niror tlhe 8,12. train had Ipundl, The? Ilady pannro rn,lnra wvr,~\ kindlyI untartnhand by Mlr. and Sr., I,?clk.y whilh watlilng for tho despllthh o?f the Irnn ; Lhv.re Indnrl nom+n puanaoltlugra o.anno Into "?nn, tu. d ret l .iclnd nloll the dwnu toh of tiah up e l trailn, hy whlch thel y proanaed,,d, %quo aimnt engino on lhe w,?y from 1o1t rn llrlnll I no1111n n trfliy combn1n' h'olll InuIthrn, wo li aIts 00111 0110 oluh.,tly hr,..-IVO+,n nonlon. O'PoRroriio To Till; Miftlo not Feot OrtANOc. Or,,r;e, 'Thursday.-DIr. Itons irntndo contirling thu clcetion for Orange agotinto the minitoer for workp, r. hr. (oroIo. I)r. Itoion contends that the preosnt crinin hlo hoon bo rought hlabort on the most flimey and flltt.aionr grounds , and he drloires bty conterting tho k ilitrco'o to give the o?relorn 0n opp'rtunity of notyine rwhtherttr e heyo rn nalinfi.d with the preoent pfrliamentn or not.--'l'lret.arrrn to Ioveningi NiwR. tilIrU PI'rlcE (ro r \VAL:o' AUotL'rotAN ToUla t -The LJ,:horr (Civil and Military Goz.oto mnvar the state. m'cnt thot t-"The Prion of W.rl.' AuIrraltin tour i ll dolnitly tflerd for 1(878. II It iI. will movre ?En - land in the Septremtor of that your, ocrornirn ,rtd by hin P'rincesrr, and after visiting Aurarlit Oand Now Z.nland, will return by way of the United St ,,. It in orell-kn?own th t thi wa a pot eIorl r of th liltor Prinon Consort who wSs ru?oelinrly anxilrou that tho htir to thn Crow n of Gront Itrit in shourl porconally visit all hii dtominionsi beforo hi aeceucion to tthe throne. It in prohbable that the Prince will find thin tour na moro agroeeble and enjoyrbli one than bio Indian tour, which in oraid to hro bored him, no irl:romo wto the rontraint upon hin mo0v. rmonto, aund (tho conociounone of being oxpootelod to pone porpotually as n model hri soithn ruotor, an idotl itod imporronalion of oevery English virtue." [0r00ou1Oli) Ar ALntrryv, on 4th Arugin?t; irnm dunt /:--Black torin e, white on nonr nostril, litrn 0 or 'tW (the 0 or r'i' not plain) over lite N or W tnot plain noar hnitlder, pulled toil, shod, rg?d, about 15 bunda. To bo cold 30th August. IhiroUNrEnt AT IIINALIONO, O0 lilr1 Alignlt, from fMilorn; rum duno.-ll], o1noh:--WVhitn Moor, pinec out of front and baolk of tnear or, ENI conojoined (rIhfi first N rovnrrno) niror rump; rodt bnlloult, whitt, b?l?c rnd holly, SN near rump.p--On 1Gth Augtrst, from Cuoelolt:'n (rokir :--'Thirty-thrne mixod chefop, no fol loan:-7 wothere? llnd 1 owo, i f on rinear otheroon iro brand, hotl in neor our, piece out of front of off anr; 11 mixoed nloeip, tL firiranl nna0r oh,'olk, some with lire P l oto off cheek, r?omo with lilto 4q; f8 mixed Ptaeep, lifko P fir.robrlnd on neor choorr, omorn onr onlI chock, one ow0 with or bill on nook, tar-brand liko p'q; 1 young ram, nickl out of off our, 00 on back tar-brand ; I owo, top off nonrir onr, btll on nr?rct, \V oel bhaol tar-brand ; 1 aow, two piorirn out of front of off oar, red paint ' on f)aiot; 2 oinrthern, tip off near eor, piece off front o off nor ; 1 wethlir, I C on norne P on ohofiol, a piece out of noorr nor, top off ft coar, 0t pioon out of front. To fi notl fith Seolrrnmbrer. ItII'OUuNDniD AT DIUNoIranI)OIri:, orn 41'h Augus?nft, from Drngendoro ; re- rndvertined throunlhl rror in donerip tion ; nimr dun, 18/:--B?y hornr, blotcheod brand likoe hourt nnd iroas nidrwayn off nhouldor, anddlen-malrodl, sihord, iplloed tail, nrgod, 15 hondn, To obe old on Oth ploiembeor. IllM'OUNoi:o ATr unuitowhA, on 15th Alfgust, from )ouglall sr num duo not after noch anitnml: -(Ohantnrot rknro, flY neor hounlder. oar aind olripr, noddhf mnorhodl, brolken, O y 1oursi 15 hIno-Ct 1/6 - On 16ih Aurgut, rooe Qoin Ornetk:--Boay maore, W,1 over N neonr houldor, nonr fuore andl hind fout white, ifar and nilp, i years,, 16 hnror-10f ; hnay foal it loot, unbranded. To be sold 6th September. IMIotOUNDI:I) AT 00oo?0I, on 30th July, from Wnm brootk; mnn duo at dote of notionll, 1 4/D:-Gfrny htoron, lifo 110 or 110 nonr nhouldor, pulled foil. broltrn, uroon-hido onrap and boll on noolk, aged, 15 hrondo. To obe fold on 2,1th Artguni . IMrPouUonrID AT On&iiioririN; (oIIo.olN, on 1lth AugRsot, from plouihod ground, Gurrundln; nl llldo titn t dtito of notion, 7/- ontoh:- lfti roioian draughlt horeri, Ilter, J ko near honuldtr, foint illorrithn brand like t off hoiulddr, no other brands vitible, hrolen, agrd, 16 handor; bay colt, whito downh thon noon, off foro andl hind foot white, hipprd, lioke ill noor shnoulder, 4 yocrn, 15 hiIindo. To iei sold on 1lh Sopt(mrnhr. IMIOUtNDEI AT Juoo INO, on 8th Attgulut, fromt Ilundarko:-Spotted bullock J ovne' lirok wtritingf copital It or writing oapital 1' liiita Mo over 1'P ouI rump, lito flo noer rifln-6L 2/9 ; roan blltlnck, armo brand, w allow-tail olr-nark--£1 k l/r .-- Alfo, on 1lth August, from lfbanIhto :--fhey moro, lifo JP nidlowenv conjoinood over N OVr r'JO nioor shoulldor, If, in oirclo off ihortldor, etor, white spoti on hioor, brooen, aged, 14 ihandrt--/0t; birolo filly, IBy or IlJ nonr chouldor, 2 your,, 12 hindo-6'/0; blolk filly, SWV noar haould,,r, pulled tail, nppuara broken, 4 yearn, 14( hondu.-6/ ; 15 mixed ',hoop, frcie-brnd-nt orno i1'. snom i ' n none, soll no brand, far ibraid-nomor T& and WiVllington boot. To bIr rold ot 't t N",, rmhi ro "ICHARLES TIE BALD."--Wo n tho moanroh no anroeld boonoao ho had no "hoir appornoR t"P' or impnly from hio Inlc of " thatchl" for loin hlod. If tho latter, it in ai pily ho lid riot livo in tho aOgo of ?RowtLANU, Who mnattoholes " lIAOAtsIAI OtI," would noun hoar, nabled him to recover at oncl hin hair nod hin dignity. Usod for 77 yoro,. Rlow. LANSUI' JALyoI)II beutiillo the oOrnthpinnon. ulild by chomnlts, drugginat, and altolis. Anlk for Row andot' ortiolin, tand t(lto nuon hbut Rowutndo', with thoir oignaturn in rod ink on tho wrappuro. Whole unto Agnnto, Eo.ltorT itUton., Sydnlay. 1165 Diaw or Trno A rt..-V-Whln the judgn, of lth Perin international exhibition nowardod it premium to lhie prplriotion in tihii, lunet ntomachio in theo world they only contlrmnd at faot nIrown to oviry 'wiln moIun tai noor fronm the, diay of \Villimon Toll to theI dato of the award. The Alpine horb to whichlo tho prolorationo owno it marvellous vitlizing and and ronovating pro portion wion dincovorod in the ornton of Olbtroo more thian four contnrlon ago, anttd thoro in no otbir vugii. talblo prolduct oni thle Ino of Ithe ~lohn which pounnssos theio nto?o opoiflo virttoo, Flrom this horb tih " l)ow of Ili Alps" dor0ivnou its dolioioue nronmatio tllvour na wll an tOn its antl- dypoptio, norve-tnrangthening, and rognulating virluon. olonarn, hi nnn? eoinsa and Co., the ngonta in Anoolrolit for llh monufaotnroron in tOlnovo, have within thlo ]tot (ow yoari roonivod largo con11 nignmtints of thij favourito cordial, and it it inu tooo., ingt iommnon ly popular in all the oolonion.-Atvyr. All pnrnone of intelligonce ore awart or ohould bi in thin century of onlightmont, that tbo bunt vnhiolo for diffuslng the tonio proportion of tany modiolnol pruparation throtlghout tho nyutom in a pure, whlolo nono spirit. Thlo prononoe of ditltilloi npirit in Ont in. vitgoarnt, proaidod it be pure, in oonnidorud by phyni oian to groatlly promoto the opalrallot of the romudial principla iln combination with it. Th'In in oni roano" why monliol Intm no nltrongly reommnrnond Udolpho Woluo'o [tohiodumn Aromatico Bohnoplpo nou remedy for debility.--Anv'r. 