THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, FEB. 13, 1877. THERE has perhaps been seldom, if ever, so prominent a subject of discussion and one so long before ihe public, regarding which there is so much difficulty in forming an opinion, as in con- nection with the Eastern Question. We may make up our minds as to the probabilities of war or peace ; but of the possible various phases through which the relations of Turkey with her dependencies and Foreign Powers may have to past ere the final and definite issue is arrived at, all is uncertainty. Of the Eastern Question it may be truly said that we know not what a day may bring forth. In yesterday's issue we pub- lished an epitome of the QUEEN'S Speech in opening Parliament. HER MAJESTY was made to say that " it was hoped the armistice would yet lead to an honourable peace," and doubtless HER MAJESTY'S Ministers, in placing these words in the Royal Speech, were in possession of the latest and most reliable information. Yet REUTER, in a telegram dated at London the very day Parliament listened to the hope of peace, flashed it to the distant India and Australia that peace negociations had been suspended-that is between the Porte and its provinces. What are we to make of this ? An European war ? Most thinking observers will say, assuredly not. Does, then, this suspension of negociations mean war between Turkey and her provinces ? If these are not speedily resumed, such a war seems imminent, and, if begun between Turkey and her provinces, how can the terrible calamity be confined within the limited area thus em- braced ? If the revolting provinces again strike a blow for independence ; if Turkey takes up arms to reduce them to obedience, is Russia likely to continue a passive onlooker ? And, should Russia interfere, can the other Powers stand by and leave her to work out un- molested her own purposes ? The information at our disposal is not sufficient to enable us at these outer circles of the world to form a very decided opinion. The telegram published to-day adds nothing to our knowledge. We have the views of the Opposition in England, and learn that the Russian press is crying out " sour grapes," but nothing new, nothing definite. Yet, though it is impossible to guess' even what may be the next move ; and though the atmosphere is evidently surcharged with a dan- gerous element, there are many reasons why we should place faith in the anticipations of HER MAJESTY in opening Parliament. Our yesterday's issue contained a digest of the new Turkish Constitution, which in words, at any rate, must have ap- peared sufficiently liberal to ; the down-trodden provinces who have been subject to tho worst kind of Turkish misrule, the resistance of her distant subjects having no doubt given a keener edge to Turkish cruelty and misgovern- ment. But the very desperation and rancour that might have driven the provinces to extremities would, on their reading the fair words of the new Constitution, have in all probability led them to throw down their arms and to seek reconciliation. It was the step from despair to hope. The Constitution that has been so solemnly proclaimed is an immense step in the right direc- tion. Even to us, familiar with the workings of self- government and responsible institutions, the new Turkish Constitution appears liberal, though, on a close analysis of its terms and probable working, there is evidence of a shrewd and far-seeing mind that would retain in the hands of the supreme power a real as well as a nominal authority. Religious and personal equality in the eyes of the law ; the liberty of the press ; freedom of education, and primary education compulsory ; two legislative chambers with freedom of speech and voting, and the right of passing laws subject to the ratification of the SOVEREIGN ; Ministerial responsibility; equal taxation; the rights of property guaranteed ; every man's domicile inviolable ; a high Court whose proceedings are to be public and whose judges shall not be removable, are among the more prominent of the provisions ; and if the new Constitution thus framed is a living reality and not a dead letter, Turkey will well have kept its volunteered promise of those reforms it refused to concede at the dictation of the Powers. But Turkey has promised before, and the present offered concessions may bear as little fruit as in the past. Some such dread has probably been not unfamiliar to the provinces. But we have nothing to show that such an idea has in- fluenced their present action. On the contraiy, if peace negociations have been broken off, the probability is that Russia will bo found to have been intriguing, and to have brought about a resistance to which the provinces were not in- dividually or collectively equal. They must have been worked on from without. The provinces were too much disorganised and demoralized to have dared single-handed to cope with Turkey. What other power so likely to fan the flame ? To what other power so much inducement ? Servia has been virtually defeated and humbled by Turkey. Before it was so, Servia acted under the influence of Russia, that more than Servia lost prestige by the Turkish successes, and would naturally seek to rehabilitate herself in the good graces of Servia, from whom Turkey re- quires the cession of Alexinatz that was lost to Servia by TCHEKNAEW, a Russian General, and at the head of troops chiefly Russian ; lost, too, consequent on Servia's declaration of war against Turkey at the instigation of Russia. Servia has been sadly humbled by Turkey ; is almost powerless for defence or attack ; and, deprived of Alexinatz, would regard Russia as its worst enemy ; as being as treacherous and faithless as Servia know she had herself proved. Russia had therefore a double game to play, but the long beards of Constantinople were not to be caught napping. Next to Servia, Montenegro was the most troublesome of the dependencies, and Turkey is wisely dealing with them sepa- rately. While Servia that has been pretty soundly beaten by Turkey, is asked to give up Alexinatz, Montenegro, that has had some slight successes, was being conciliated by an offer of ceded pro- perty that will add considerably to the pasturage of that agricultural Principality. Such was the position of matters in so far as known up to the time we were told that peace négociations had been broken off. We have shown some of the reasons which might be expected to influence Russia in working on Servia, that, deprived of Alexinatz, would hate Russia ; and we can easily understand how Turkey, that has been not un- successful in coping with its rebellious subjects, and much exasperated by their rebellion, should hate that Russia that she holds accountable for all the mischief that has been done. Turkey, whatever the final result, has proved that the, Porte is anything but the sick man Europe so rashly concluded. The Turks have not been idle during the recent vicissitudes, and what to many appearod national calamities, have been turned to good account. As a Victorian con- temporary says :- " They have so well utilised opportunity that the fortresses have been placed in good condition ; a million of men have been assembled, of which not fewer than three hundred thousand are on the Danube with an ample supply of Krupp's nrtillory. The passes of the Balkan are fortified and guarded ; the fleet can sweep the Black Sea, and thus the Porto is much more dis- posed to attempt to give her ancient and malig- nant foe a good drubbing than eat even the smallest portion of humble pie. It has been evident for a long time that the Turkish Govern- ment does not mean to stand any nonsense. It hss imported immense quantities of the muni- tions of war, both from Germany and the United States, and its troops, therefore, are now well armed and amply supplied. Many foreign officers have entered its service, and the opinion of the great German strategist, Count Moltke, is said to be that the Russians would have but an awkward time of it. Besides the force on the Danube, the Turks have some 150,000 men in the vicinity of Kars, so that really whatever danger there is arises from the indisposition of Turkey to make any con- cessions that would impair the dignity of the Empire, merely to make a bridge for the retreat of the Russians." There has been some mystery as to the facility with which Turkey has obtained her armaments, and it is suspected she has not boen without secret aid. At any rate, her army is eager for war, and she and Russia may be well allowed to fight it out ; the other Powers are under no necessity of interfering, unless Russia seeks an accession of territory which they may not approve of. Whether Russia seeks that, and what led to the disgrace -for such it is-of MIDHAT PACHA, and what the connection, if any, between the intentions of Russia and the dismissal of the GRAND VIZIER, are among the questions which the future must solve. To the same tribunal we must have the changed policy of Russia, that now demands whether she alone is to bear the brunt of enforcing the demands of the other Powers represented at the Conference, while at the conclusion of that Conference General IGNATIEFF so expressed himself as to lead to the conviction that Russia joined in relieving Turkey from all coercion, and affording her the opportunity of carrying out her promised reforms. General IGNATIEFF ex- pressed the hope thut Turkey would deal tenderly with Servia and Montenegro. Whence now the demand of the Russian Chancellor, Prince GORTSCHAKOFF, that Turkey be coerced ? Has the Turkish new Constitution proved too liberal, and likely to defeat the schemes of designing Russia? MR. CHARLES HAMILTON BROMBY, Attorney- General of Tasmania, a barrister, etc., has some zealous but not very discreet partisans. During the session of 1876 his legislative capacities were shown to be of the lowest order. He passed through Parliament very few Bills, and when these blossomed into Acts of Parliament it was discovered that the only two of any importance had been so bungled as to be " not worth a pinch of snuff." This was bad enough ; but had he modestly pleaded inexperience and acknow- ledged his error, little would have been said about the matter. Mr. BROMBY has, however, talents peculiar to himself, and among these is the pertinacity with which he will not see he has made an error. His political friends could not sup- port him in the attitude he took up of setting his half-formed opinion against the deliberate judg- ment of the Judges of the Supreme Court. They admitted he had made " a mull " of it, and they find their justification of him by saying that others have been as great blunderers as he has been. The plea is not a very convincing one. Instead of our arriving at the desired con- clusion that we should put up with one man's incompetency because others are incompetent, we would prefer getting quit of the lot, trying one after another, and sending each to the right- about as he proved a bungler, and so on, until we got one on whom we could depend. But we are saved the inconvenience and annoyance of such a mode of dealing with the unsatis- factory capabilities of our legal gentlemen. The et tu quoque, or " you're another," mode of defence set up on the part of Mr. BROMBY is, at least in one instance cited, inconsistent with fact. A mare's nest has been found in Laun- ceston " equally as glaring, and far more inex- cusable," than Mr. BROMDY'S Juries Act, and Mr. MASON, the police magistrate, and Mr. MILLER, the lawyer, are sought to be immor- talised by having discovered it. Apart from the tall talk that finds more importance in an Act for eradicating thistles than in one that uprooted and deprived a whole community of trial by jury, we shall deal with the facts, not with the grotesque colouring given them by Mr. BROMBY'S apologists. In 1871 there was passed what is called the Thistle Prevention Act, the provisions of which, it was enacted, should only inter alia apply to " land which is or has been under cultivation within five years before the commencement of this Act." It was argued in the case debated before the Police Magistrate at Launceston that it was the intention of the Legislature that the power of compulsorily eradi- cating thistles should only extend to lands that had been cultivated within five years from the date of a complainant taking action to coerce the offender ; and because that power extends to five years before the passing of the Act, the conclu- sion has been arrived at that a terrible legislative blunder has boen committed, " equally glaring " as that which superseded trial by jury. And a blunder having been discovered, it was neces- sary to find a blunderer. What more fitting and appropriate ; what more likely to deceive the public, than to throw the blame on Mr. GIBLIN, who happened to be Attorney-General when the Californian Thistle Prevention Act passed through Parliament ! Accordingly the Thistle Act is represented as a monstrous engine of oppression, and Mr. GIBLIN as the guilty oppressor, inasmuch as, it is asserted, he was the author of the Act. Unfortunately for the success of this new sensation, it does not appear that there has been any blunder. It is a mere piece of gratuitous assumption to argue that the provisions of the Act are other than what the Legislature intended ; other than what the Legislature were called on to enact. Still more unfortunately for Mr. BROMBY'S justifiers, Mr. GIBLIN had nothing to do with the passing of the Act. It was not a Government measure, the Bill having been introduced by Mr. JOHN MILLER, the then Member for Westbury, a shrewd, cautious gentleman, who know what he was about, and was capable of seeing that what he intended was done. Had that been an error which Mr. BYRON MILLER sought to make one, Mr. JOHN MILLER, not Mr. GIBLIN, would have been responsible, as he is entitled to the credit of having had passed a very salutary law. What right has Mr. BYRON MILLER to assume that there has been any error, or that the Legislature did not intend what it said ? When the Legislature fixed a period of five years anterior to the passing of the Act, why limit that period to five years prior to the time at which some unknown person at some unknown future time takes certain steps under the Act ? We hesitate not to maintain that the literal interpre- tation of the Act is the real interpretation, and that what it provides is more consonant with justice and the object in view in passing the Bill, than would be the limited interpretation placed on it by Mr. BYRON MILLER. The Act declares that land which in 1871 was cultivated land, or which had been within five years under cultivation, should never again be lawfully used as a seed plot for propagating Californian thistles ; and it is absurd to maintain that one man desirous of cultivating his land shall be prevented from doing so profitably, because a slothful neighbour has for upwards of five years neglected his land and allowed it to run wild. It is as much as to say that the man who has been allowed to grow thistles for five years may do so for ever, no matter what injury he entails on his neighbours. If there was any error in the Act, it was not that it went too far, but that it did not go far enough. It is, no doubt, a " trick of the trade," and easily understood as regards Mr. BYRON MILLER, to misread the Act, and then talk about the intention of the Legislature of which he knew nothing. But it is surprising that Magistrate's or the Press should have been so tickled with a straw, or the latter so ready to cast personal reflections without due inquiry how far the individual was really exposed to the charge. OFFICIAL PROGRAMME OF THE RACES. -It is notified elsewhere that Messrs. Davies Bros, are the publishers of the official programme of the forth- coming races at Elwick. Those programmes will be issued for each day, and may be had in book form, or on cards. Persons requiring copies may obtain them at this office, and hawkers and others desirous of selling must apply to-day. The hon. sec. of the Racing Club notifies that no other but the official programme will be permitted to be sold on the course during the races. HORSES FOR ELWICK. -By the s.s. Southern Cross, which arrived from Melbourne yesterday, the race- horses Aldinga, in charge of Mr. E. Dakin, and Cleolite and Croesus, accompanied by Mr.P. Parslow, came over for the ensuing race meeting at Elwick. LAUNCESTON RACES. -In the telegraphic report of the Launceston races on Saturday we were in error in saying that Mr. S. Waldock's Blazes was second for the Handicap Hurdle Race. It should have been Planet, owned by that gentleman. ELWICK RACES. --O'May's steamers are announced to leave the Franklin Wharf on each day of the races, landing passengers on the wharf at the race- course. CALCUTTA SWEEPS. - It is announced that "Calcutta sweeps" will be drawn at the Ship Hotel every evening during the race week, and gentlemen will thus have an opportunity of backing their favourtites. TUNNACK RACES. -The Tunnack Races are announced to take place on the 10th of March, and the programme of events is published. It contains two handicap hurdle races, a maiden plate, cart horse race, and town plate handicap. All entries are to be in the hands of the secretary on or before the 3rd March. HOLIDAYS. -Has there been more ministerial blundering, or have Ministers come round to the sinfulness of horse racing, seeing that after their recent liberal declarations of holidays, the Southern meeting is tabooed by them. It would be muoh more to the credit of Ministers and to the con- venience of the public, if the former would act on some known principle ; if they would maintain a rough kind of consistency. The regatta day at Launceston was declared a public holiday, not only there, but in Hobart Town. The Port Cygnet people, not perhaps expecting to be so highly honoured as was Launceston, fixed their regatta day for the 12th March, which will likely be the day generally observed as the anniversary of the Prince of Wales' marriage day, which this year falls on Saturday, and, in their innocence, believing that the anniversary would be a holiday this year as it has hitherto been, wrote suggesting that Monday should be observed. But loyalty is not a virtue with the present Ministers. They have snubbed the Judges ; read the late Chief Justice a homily on his duty to a distressed, because unsuccessful, litigant ; they lectured His Excellency ; and now they ignore Her Majesty's eldest son ; for the Secretary of the Port Cygnet Regatta Committee has received from the Assistant Colonial Seoretary an official intimation that the Government do not propose proclaiming a public holiday in commemora- tion of His Royal Highness' marriage day. We should like to see the Minister of Lands join his friends and constituents down the channel on their regatta day. But Ministerial inconsistency does not end here. They proclaimed two half holidays last week in honour of a cricket match. That was justifiable ia admirers of the noble game, and we should have said that in the tribute thus paid to one kind of amusement, they desired to render more marked their detestation of another, inasmuch as the great racing event of the colony comes off this week, and not one hour of holiday is conceded. Yet again, when we take up the Gazette of Tuesday the 6th inst., we are puzzled to account for this sudden attack of high class morality. There were races at Launceston last week on three successive days, and a half holiday was proclaimed on each of those days. The public servants of Launceston may give themselves over to betting and such like evil courses with impunity ; even staid and learned Ministers of the Crown may countenance their wickedness. But the moral atmosphere of Hobart Town must be kept pure. The Southern races are fixed for Thursday, Friday, and Saturday; yet this mornings Gazette, the only one published for the week, proclaims no holiday or half holiday. How is this ? Why is that refused to Hobart Town that was ceded to Launceston ? Is it an intentional slight, or is it more Ministerial bungling ? They would not dare the former, for holidays will be kept whether Government like it or not. It must therefore be the latter-another evidence of their facility at making blunders. " THE AUSTRALASIAN SKETCHER." - Messrs. Walch and Sons send,, us this month's issue of the Sketcher, which is an admirable number, the en- gravings being executed with great skill. The frontipiece gives portraits of Ladies Robinson, Bowen, and Musgrave, the wives of Colonial Governors. A view of a hop plantation at New Norfolk scarcely gives a good idea of the reality, but the scene at picking time is not cosy to clearly depict. The sketches at the Hanging Rock, Woodend, and the illustrations of Loutit Bay, show that Victoria possesses some very fine scenery, which is not appreciated as it ought to be. The other engravings represent some scenes at Cooper and Bailey's circus ; sketches of snakebite experi- ments at the Melbourne gaol ; Ennoggera Reservoir, near Brisbane ; scene from " Les Danicheff," opera- house ; drilling Government troops at Nasova, Fiji ; departure of H, M.S. Pearl from Sydney Harbour, and a portrait of Sir Donald M'Lean. AUSTRALIAN PANORAMA. - Last night was the opening night of the Panorama of the Australian Colonies and New Zealand. The Town Hall was not as well filled on the occasion as we should have expected, but notwithstanding the unpropitious nature of the weather, and the counter attractions, there was a fair audience distributed over all parts of the hall. The panorama itself comprises some 40 views of the principal cities and places of interest in the Australasian Colonies, and they are certainly very creditably painted by Mr. John Fry, whose abilities as a scenic artist are well known. The mechanical portion is very well managed, so that the Panorama is worked very smoothly. In lieu of the hackneyed and some what stiff delineation which gene- rally accompanies exhibitions of this kind, a comedy drama has been written expressly for the proprietors by Mr. R. P. Whitworth, and the dialogue is of such a character that it forms a kind of descriptive and running commentary of each scene as it comes in view, In the dramatic portion of the entertain- ment there are four principal characters, viz., " Mr. C. Hamilton" (Mr. H. A. Douglas) ; " Mr. Fitz- faddle" (Mr. Martin Forde) ; " Mr. Goddard" (Mr. Wm. Gordon) ; and " Miss Goddard" (Miss Lilian Forde), but in addition to these there are other characters, iIlustrative of phases of colonial life, introduced in the course of the entertainment. Hamilton is a fair representation of the colonial country gentlemen, and the other three are new arrivals from England, Fitzfaddle, being on the whole, a good-hearted fellow, but a monied coxcomb, and the other two are types of the ordinarily intelligent English gentleman and lady. They run through the colonies, and in the course of their travels the audi- ence are introduced in succession to the principal places of note in New South Wales, Victoria, Tas- mania, New Zealand, South Australia, and Queens- land. Other characters are casually introduced in the progress of the entertainment, and with the assistance of the humoriams of these characters, and the vocal selections by the members of the company, the evening is made to pass very pleasantly. The entertainment will be repeated this evening, and also during the remainder of the present week. CONCERT IN ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. -This evening a grand sacred concert is to take place in St. Joseph's Church, to provide funds for the erection of a choir for the sisters of charity. Selections, with orchestral accompaniments, from three mosses, will be given. The ladies and gentlemen who are to take part in the concert have been rehearsing for some time, and having had the pleasure of hearing them on one or two occasions, we can safely promise a treat to those who attend to-night ; opportunities so rarely offered of hearing the beautiful music of the Roman Catholic Church, at times when service is not going on, that we recommend all who wish to enjoy a real musical treat to attend this evening. The choir will be assisted by a few friends ; and as, besides the organ, there is to be a full orchestral accompaniment, we hope to see the church crowded on the occasion. AMATEUR DRAMATIC ENTERTAINMENT. -A " grand amateur dramatic and musical entertainment" is announced to take place at the Oddfellows' Hall on Thursday evening. The Denouncer will be presented by the Derwent Amateur Dramatic Club, and this will be followed by a musical interlude, a select plain dress ball concluding the evening's entertain- ment. PORT CYGNET REGATTA. -The programme of the Port Cygnet Regatta, which is to tako place on the 12th of next month, is published in another column. It contains six events, viz, two sailing and four rowing, the latter including a shovel race. The rules and regulations of the Hobart Town regatta will be strictly adhered to on the occasion. SUDDEN DEATH. -The sudden death of a lodger at the Rock Hotel was reported about town yesterday, and on making enquiry we ascertained that a Mr. William Duncan, of Brisbane, had been found dead in bed in the morning. It appears that deceased, who was the keeper of the Metropolitan Hotel, Brisbane, had been ailing far some time past, and had been travelling for the benefit of his health since Christmas. He arrived from Launceston on Satur- day, and put up at the Rock. Ou Sunday evenipg Mr. Duncan retired to rest at 9'30 p.m. and as he was not down to breakfast yesterday morning, a friend who was staying at the same hotel, went to his room and knocked at the door. No answer being obtained, the door, which was locked on the inside, was forced, and Mr. Duncan was found as described above. Dr. E. L. Crowther was called in, and he ordered the removal of the body to the morgue. An inquest will be held before Mr. Hull at the Royal Exchange Hotel this morning. Mr. Duncan was well known and respected in Brisbane. He leaves a widow, but no children. SAMPLE OF WHEAT. -From Messrs. Johnston Bros., we have received a sample of wheat grown on Nugent Farm, Richmond, by Mr. A. T. Lord. It is a portion of 15oo bushels, is of the variety known as " Farmer's Friend," and of good quality ; while as far as the threshing is concerned, we may say that there are very few cracked grains, and the wheat is exceedingly clean. The Messrs. Johnston mention, as an instance of what can be done by steam, that 900 bushels of this wheat were threshed by their machine the other day, all equal to the sample we have received. HOBART TOWN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. -A special general meeting of the shareholders of this asso- ciation is called for the 27th inst., for the purpose of considering the advisability of rescinding clause 10 of the articles of association. LEURA REEFS GOLD MINING COMPANY. -The manager of this company notifies that a call of six- pence per share has been made, and is payable at the company's office, Launceston, on Tuesday next. VACCINATION. -Dr. Turnley announces that he will vaccinate children gratuitously every Friday morning, between the hours of 10 and 12 o'clock, at the building adjoining Broadland House, Collins- street. AN AFFECTIONATE DAUGHTER. -A coloured man named James, a resident of Lower Collins-street, reported to the police yesterday that his daughter had struck him on the head with a flat-iron, inflict- ing a severe wound. The girl is believed to be of unsound mind. A LOVING HUSBAND. -A woman named Julia Spencer was taken to the General Hospital yester- day evening by the police, suffering from a wound on the forehead, two inches in length. She stated that her husband had struck her with a piece of wood. The wound was dressed and she left the institution. LATER INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. --By the arrival of the s.s. Southern Cross yesterday from Melbourne, we have Victorian files of the 9th and 10th inst. ; South Australian of the 5th and 6th ; New South Wales from the 5th to 7th ; and Queensland from the 31st. ult. to 3rd inst. ; Wellington files from the 27th to 30th ult ; and Lyttelton of the 29th, are also to hand. WOMAN'S FRIEND SOCIETY. -A public meeting in connection with this society is to be held in the People's Hall this evening, at 7' 30 o'clock. Ministers and other friends are invited to be present. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. -The conference sat in Melbourne last week, when the following list of stations was agreed to :- Melbourne first, G. Grey, C. Pickering, and F. Robinson ; Melbourne second, J. S. Kearns and H. Greening ; Geelong, R. Allen, George Watts (sup.) ; Castlemaine, H. Heathershaw ; Eaglehawk, F. Sindon ; Campbell- field, W. H. Walton ; Kilmore, S. Richards ; Bal- larat, W. Hunt, J. G. Wright ; Beaufort, J. Smith ; Creswick, S. Bracewell ; Sandhurst, C. Anthony ; Benalla, W. Snook ; Talbot, H. Richardson ; Heidelberg, W. Moore ; Tarnagulla, W. Gould ; Sale, J. Long ; Hamilton, H. Robinson, R. Newell ; Horsham, J. T. Pithouse ; Stawell, T. Cope- land ; Inverleigh, W. Adams ; Hobart Town, H. Cole ; Longford, W. H. Youlton ; Launceston, E. Turton ; Penguin, John Oglethorpe, J. Langham (sup). M. Clarke, general superintendent of mis- sions. The changes in Tasmania are as follows :- The Rev. C. Anthony removes from Hobart Town to Sandhurst, and is succeeded by the Rev. H. Cole. The Rev. Henry Robinson goes to Hamilton (Vic- toria), and is succeeded at Penguin Creek by the Rev. John Oglethorpe. THE DEBATE ON THE QUEEN'S SPEECH. -From the fuller direct telegrams which appear in Satur- day's Melbourne papers, we learn that in the debate in the House of Lords on the Queen's Speech, after Lord Derby had spoken, " Lord Beaconsfield and Lord Salisbury protested against coercing Turkey- In the House of Commons Sir Stafford Northcote, speaking on the address, said that England wished to act in union with the Powers in dealing with the Eastern question. Any separate intervention on the part of either Russia or Austria would be regarded as suspicious." GOLD IN PRIVATE PROPERTY. -A telegram was received in Melbourne on Friday, intimating that the Privy Council had given its decision in the ap- peal case Woolley v. The Ironstone-hill Company, upholding Mr. Justice Molesworth's decision as to the right of the Crown to all gold found in alienated land in the colony. This suit (says the Age) was instituted in 1875 by the Coliban Company, consist- ing of Messrs. Woolley and others, to restrain the Ironstone-hill Company from encroaching upon their claim, which was freehold property, and for an ac- count of all gold abstracted by the defendant com- pany prior to the encroachment being discovered. As our court had already decided that the gold belonged to the Crown, a decision which was doubted by many lawyers, the Attorney General was made a party to the suit, with the intention that if, as anticipated, Mr. Justice Moles- worth should maintain his previous decision, an appeal should be made to the Privy Council, so that the question might be definitely settled. The Attorney-General demurred to the bill, and Mr. Justice Molesworth allowed the demurrer, and granted leave to appeal to the Privy Council, whose decision, as stated above, has now been received. There ought now to be no further difficulty in passing a Mining on Private Property Bill into law, as when the last Bill was before the Council, on 31 st October, 1876, our senators, finding that they had been beaten in every objection to the measure, as a last resource determined to shelve the question till the Privy Couucil had decided the matter." THE WEATHER IN VICTORIA. -Friday's Argus says :- " The extremely hazy state of the atmo- sphere for the past few days has been the subject of general remark. The cause is owing to the heavy fires in the coast ranges. We learn from the Government astronomer that the highest tempera- ture in the shade on Wednesday was 89deg., and in the sun 124 deg. Yesterday the highest tempera- ture in the shade was 99deg 8m. and in the sun 135deg. The country papers indicate that the con- tinued drought is causing serious anxiety. In the Daylesford district stock are reported as being fast reduced to living skeletons, and sheep are unsale- able at 1s. to 1s. 6d. per head. Residents at Lin- ton are put to great straits through the difficulty in procuring water for either domestic purposes, or for drinking. As much as 12s. per load of 100 gallons has been given for water obtained from the Flag- staff-spring. In the neighbourhood of Kyneton, Sandhurst, Ballarat, Lancefield, and other towns, bush-fires have been raging for several days, causing much loss and inconvenience." 