Local Boaril1 bf rHcnlth. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Brisbane Local Board of Health, was, held in the com- mittee-room, Town Hall, yesterday afternoon. The members present were?His Worship tho Mayor (in tho chair), Dr. Bancroft, and Alder- men Bale,-Hubbard, Graham, Miller, and Ap john (secretary). ;¦ miscellaneous business. Tho minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. ; -,, -j Tho Secretary reported that the nuisances dealt with at the last meeting had been abated with the exception of those on the premises of Mr. Hempsted, Fortitude Valley. He would, however, watch the matter, and take action if necessary. It being considered desirable to be, if any- thing, more stringent than usual at tho present timo, the board resolved that immediate action be taken if the nuisance be found to still exist. The Secretary ako stated, in reference to the request of the board that Dr. Bell send them one of his new earth-closets for inspection, that that gentleman had patented the closet, and was desirous that tho board should havo one fitted up at their own expense in the Town Hall in order that it might be thoroughly tested. Dr. Bancroft referred to tho bad state of cesspits in some parts of tho city, in consequence of their not having been emptied for years, and explained tho nature of the earth-closet which he used, aud which he-had found to answer admirably. , It was decided that the secretary inspect Dr. Bell's closet, and also that of Dr. Bancroft, and report concerning them to tho next meeting. Tho Chairman oxpluined that tho action taken by tho board at the previous meeting in refe- rence to taking preventive measures against tho introduction of contagious diseases into Brisbane had been anticipated by the Government, and the requisite action taken. A letter from the Improvement Committee of the Municipal Council, in reference to stench traps, was ordered to lie on the table till next meeting. THREATENED INTRODUCTION OP BMALLrOS. Alderman Bale said, in reference to this sub- ject, ho had prepared some resolutions which would servo the purpose of opening up a dis- cussion on the matter. He was not at all wedded to the motion which ho intended to move, and would be quito willing to adopt any alterations which tho board might suggest. Ho thought it was just as well, perhaps, that they should not take up the position of alarmists ; and, as it had not yet been proved that small- pox really did exist in the Bay, it was advisable that they Bhould act on general principles. In accordance with this view he had framed his resolutions; no particular disease waa men- tioned, and they would apply to any epidemic with which the colony might bo threatened. Thoy wore as follow :? 1\. That in view of tho posaiblo introduction of an opldemio into Brisbane, four sanitary inspoctora bo temporarily appointed, at a salary of £3 porweok, whoso duty it riiall bo to maka a lioiuo-to-houao visitation, and in casu of uncleanliness, or tho oxistencc of any nuiaanco in tho housos aud promisor bo visited, to at onco report thoroupon to tho secretary. 2\. That, during tho Interim between tho board meet- ings, tho secretary bo Instructed to inform two members of tho board of any casea of breAcli of tho Healtb Act brought under his notice that may require immediato attention. 3\. That thia board ascot-tain tho best kind of disinfec- tant to uso during opitlomlca aa n preventive, and that, upon such information being obtained, tho secretary bo instructed to dcscrilw it by advertisement iu lwth the local daily papora. 4\. That tho citizens generally l>o earnestly roqueated to at once report to tho secretary of tho Local Hoard of Health any cases of illness of an apparently infectious nature, and also any accumulation of tilth iu their neighborhood, in order to enable tho board in such casca to tako imme- diate action. Ho concluded by formally moving these resolu- tions. Alderman Hubbard seconded them. Dr. Bancroft agreed that some necessity existed for oxtra inspection, because bouio pro- mises he had seen were in a very dirty stato ; aud irrespective of smallpox or any other epidemic, some effort ought to bo made to havo them cleansed. With regard to smallpox, the remedy lay rather in complete vaccination. At present it was merely a voluntary act in this colony. In Victoria and New South Wales, it was compulsory, and ho believed in all tho countries on the Continent of Europe. Ho thought we could not do hotter than to follow iu the woke of these countries, in which tho sub- ject had been studied, and to vaccinate the com- munity as completely ns possible. They could not get it mado compulsory without tho sanction of Parliament, aud in tho meautimo they could only movo in the direction of inducing tho people to submit to it as extensively ns possible. It was the only remedy for smallpox. Its effect might bo likened to the owner of a house in tho bush, who took tho precaution to burn off all the grass and dry wood around it, so that when a bush-fire occurred in tho vicinity, tho house would remain uninjured. If vaccination were thoroughly attended to, when tho smallpox ap- peared there would be nothing for it to tako hold of. .'Mr. Bale nsked whether want of cleanliness, such as dirty premises aud so forth, would not greatly assist its spread. Dr. Bancroft said his experience of tho disease had not been very great, but j udging from what he had observed, it Boemod to be scattered more by means of individuals than by promises? more particularly by persons travelling in cabs, omnibuses, railway carriages, and the liko. Un- healthy state of premises and dirty back yards were doubtless favorable lo tho spread of small- pox, ns of other diseases. It was a matter that should be attended to. He imagined that, in the event of smallpox breaking out in Brisbano, it would be necessary to construct some sort of temporary wooden hospital in some isolated place. The Chairman suggested that it might bo desirable to at once mako some provision for meeting any emergency that might occur. Dr. Bancroft said it was doubtful whether it was necessary to take any such steps as this until more necessity existed. It would not tako very long to run up such temporary buildings as might bo required. Alderman Baie said that, in case of any such necessity arising, be thought there would be no difficulty in getting assistance from the Govern- ment. Dr. Bancroft Baid that, with compulsory . vaccination, there would bo no difficulty. This had been provod in other countries where it had been tried, At the samo time he should liko to havo tho question of tho additional inspectors well considered. With regard to tho third resolution, in reference to disinfectants, that probably referred more particularly to drugs. He would prefer that the people depend less upon drug disinfectants, and rely more upon pure air, satisfactory drainage, the uso of an abundance of water, in order to ensuro perfect cleanliness, and tho burning of old clothing, instead of keeping them in heaps. With regard to all oxcrota, tho great disinfectant was dry earth. He attached very little importance to drug disinfectants, such as chlorido of lime ond carbolic acid, which wero only used in influitosimal quantities ; but con- sidered that water and such other agoncies as could be used in abundance, were much more effective as disinfectants. After somo little further discussion, tho reso- lutions were all unanimously agreed to, with tho exception of the third, which was withdrawn. It was decided to at onco advertise for appli- cations for the position of sanitary inspecturs, and a committee, consisting of Dr. Bancroft, and Aldermen Bale and Hubbard, were appointed to define their duties, and to report to oach meeting as to what was being done by them. With regard to the fuurth resolution, it was suggested that advertisements he inserted in the papers with a view of giviug it effect, and it was agreed to write to tho Local Board of Sydnoy, asking for copies of any pamphlets or other pub- lications they might have bearing upon the sub- ject of tho public health. ROUTINE BUSINESS, Tho tender of Mr. J. W. Forth, for foddor, being the lowest, was accepted, and sevoral ac- counts wore passed for payment, after which the meeting adjouruod. " Doff thine /Eonian crown 1" elegantly says Bayard Taylor in his Centennial Ode. " Shoot the hat!" says the bad boy of tho street. Thus education softens and weakens expression. Davie : " Can yo gie's a pipe, John I" John : " Ou, aye" (handing him one almost empty). Davie: "Hae ye ouy tobaccai" John : "Yes, yes, lad. I can gie that tao" (bauds him a "fill"). Davie (after filling): "Hae ye a match, John!" John (to third person, standing by): " Guidness I he has naothlnr but the jaws I" 