INGLE WOOD. (from our owx correspondent.) _ „ Saturday, 24th march. / A meeting of the Borough School Board ,ot Advice-was held last evening, at which Mr. J. A. Craig, who had been recently appointed by an Order-m-Council, took: his seat r A "letter { from the Education - Department was read, ; stating that besides an infant-room" on addi ■ uonal class-room would" 1>e built. .The head teacher, who was present,5 submitted a plan ' that he had received from .the department of . , I the manner in which the additions were to be ; made. The want of taste and architectural I amongst the members of the board, it. seeming as if 0112 room had been thrown on the eastern comer of the main building anyhow/and tli^i another room thrown in a similar way on to the rirst. The teacher explained that the pro ! posed additional accommodation was not suffi cient even for the present attendance, let alone : any increase which was probable. He stated | that on two occasions this week 165 scholars : had been present in a school-room which, ac i cording to the act, should hold only 117, while j there had been upwards of 100 in a building i which was being used as an infant-room. When ; the proposed additions were made, there woold | be accommodation for only 21 i, and the number ; of scholars, at present on the roll amounted j to 3.(5. Mr. KuiT mo\x-d—'-That the additions ! to the school proposed by the department, are , jierfectly inadequate to the requirements of i actual attendance. and that the correspondent be instructed to point out to the Minister, that : to make the proposed additions would be a • wasteful expenditure, accommodation for 400 ; scholars at least being requisite: also that a : lavatory was iiecewary: and that the depart ! meat be requested to defer opening tenders : until tiie matter had been further considered ' .Seconded by Mr. VV-atson and carried. Coa : siderable discussion arose about a circular frum ; the department, relating to alterations iu the mode of enforcing the compulsory clause, and it ' was res ivci with one dissentient that the . department be informed that tiie provisions of : the act Would not be so etiiciently c-arried out : under tiie new arrangement as previously. ; Yesterday afternoon Messrs. Tatchel! and : Marrow canvassed the town on behalf of the ' rand considering the many calls made of : late the result was highly satisfactory. At last a delightful change in the weather has ! taken place. Early this morning a strong north j promising clouds, and about mid-day a steady rain set iu and is now falling. The wind blew into fresh lift one of the smouldering bush-fires, ' near the Caiedoidan Flat: raising one of the ■ larcest clouds of ^nioae seen all tiie summer. i The comiagration is now, however, extinguished bv x'r.i rain. — State or Hit.-: Gaol.—Tiie follow ■ i:i_r is the weekly state Her Majesty's Gaol, : Samiiiurst. for the week ending Oi:h March, ; IS":—Last return, So males : lii tVu.ales. Since ! received. o males: 10 females ; total. 40 males ; i females. Total now in, 30 males : 10 females. ■ Classified as follows :—Trial. T males : 0 female, i demanded. Unnde : 0 femaks. Default of fines, | etc., 4 males : 4 females. Default of sureties, 1 r male; '2 females. Im, risonmcnt, 1 male; 3 ! ferqal^s. Hard labor, 10 males ; S females. | design apparent excited 