THE CARELESS USE OF FIRE. Of the careless use'of fire we have written many a time and oft. The Press has done its duty ; but neither Government nor public seem to have taken such ac tion iu the matter as would be desirable. Not a summer passes but that a greai amount of injury to property, and even to life, occurs bv the cnr.;le=sness — to give it no harder name — which is. ob servable in those whose age ought to teach them better. We regret to learn that a bush-fire spread over three grass paddocks belonging to Mr Wolsten- holme, at Oxley, on Wednesday aftex-- noon. Some of the men looking for woi'k (and praying not to get it) congre gated about the Square at Milawa, are supposed io have been ihe originators of a conflagration which, had it- extended into the adjoining paddocks of Mr P. Skehax, where hundreds of acres of oats and wheat were read' for cutting, would have been most serious and lamentable in its effects. As it was, much damage has been done to a most industrious and respectable fanner's property. About half-way between the Emu Hotel, Milawa, and the cricket reserve, some careless fellow either threw the warm ashes from his pipe or a lighted match. The grass near the fence immediately caught fire, and, spreading into the paddock, swept in a mass of blazing flame down by the dividinghedge of green acacia and ornitho- phora. Here, finding a weak place, it leaped through into the second paddock, sweeping it diagoually across, until a deep water-course that runs through the paddock stopped its further course in the direction of the road dividing the paddock from the cricket grouud. The fire continuing its destructive career along the acacia hedge iu ihe paddock where it first started, found another place, through which it passed into a third field of Mr Wol=te x;io lvie ' s . The dividing fence between Mr Bkeiian's and Mr Wolstenholkie's farms is a well- grown and thick acacia one. Here it was met by a brave woman, Mrs Wols- texholaie, who, with the as.-istauce of two of Mr George Powell, the butcher's, men, combated the element bravely and successfully. The calmness of the afternoon, the thickness and green- ness ol the tence, aided citoi-ts. jlxbu me flnmoc mastered them at this point, nothing could have saved the two fields of ripe grain belonging to Mr Skeiian. Life itself might have been sacrificed, as there is a family with many young children residiug on a small allotmeut in one corner of the field. The dividing fence between Mr Wolstenholsie's fields was greatly injured, and his sh<-ep can for the present wander at their sweet will over black and burned fields, which but a few hours before were covered with rich succulent herbage. We regret that the names o> the men who hung up their bors=s and gallantly came to aid a have woman in her efforts to stay the rapid progress of the devouring element have not reached us, for the names of biavo neigh bourly men deserve to be chronicled. We think it incumbent on the Govern ment freely to issue printed circulars aud advertise in ihe country journals with reference to the cautious use of fire, and have them not only posted up at the various police stations iu ihe country districts, but also make it compulsory on publicans to put them in their several bars, or on some conspicuous portion of their premises. Severe as is the punish ment of persons leaving fires burning in the open air, yet the difficulty of dis covering the parties who do so, prevents the, it is hoped, unintentional fire-raisers from being often discovered. Notices such as are posted up at the police camps, it posted at the various Court houses and publichouses, and on places of worship, as well as advertised, would help to impress the necessity of caution in the use of fire, on the most iucaufions of all civilised races, the Anglo-Saxon- Celtic people of the British Empire. 