General Summary. The Adelaide Town-Hall porter has been dismissed. Bush fires have been raging lately in Queensland. Counterfeit florins are in circulation at Sandhurst Vic A successful flower show was held at Auburm on iVov. 21st. A salmon weighing caught at Tasmania. 281b has been A man has been kil'ed by a fall of earth at Hawthorn, (Vic.) The space allotted to Victoria at the Paris Exhibition is 40C0 feet. Mr. Slognet, an old resident of Nairne, died during the month. The Mount Gambier and Rivoli Bay Railway has been commenced. A farmer at Gladstone, Mr. Canny, has lost a stack of hay by fire. A new daily paper named the Record is to be started in Sydney shortly. The steamer Ly ee-rnoon was burnt at the Sydney wharf on Nov. 4th. Mr. Cohen, auction-er, Melbourne, dropped deau in the street on Nov. 3. Mrs. Inglebv of Sandhurst, Vic., has died from the effects of a snake-ijite. A woman named Weedon, aged 83, has been burnt to death al Collingwood. Mr. Cawen of Angastown was killed by a kick from a horse on Nov. 12. The Permissive Bill has been withdrawn from the Quetnsland Parliament. The lion. Gorge Allen, M.L.C., died at New South Wales on November 3rd. The Glenelg Institute was opened by the Governor on Saturday, October 20th. In New Zealand a monument is. to be erected to the late Sir Donald McLean. A groom nanied Ellis, at Maryborough, has come into a fortune of £10,000. The " poison plant" has caused the death of a number of sheep at Booborowie. The ba rque ^Vitch of the ^Vave has been wrecked on one of the Solomon Islands. The Mayor of Kapunda has been entertaining the Corporation of that town at dinner. The Rev. A. Bruins, E.A., pastor of the South Yarra Presbyterian Church died on Oct. 28. A sacramental service of plate has been stolen from the Presbyterian Church, Beechworth. Australasia's population (not including aboriginals) is estimated at twoand-a-half millions. At the B iiiraan a few da} r s ago a lad named Loxton fell whi.e at play and fractured his leg. A survey is to be made between Clare and Blah, to test the practicability of constructing a railway. The employes on the Victorian railways have subscri ed £910 to the Indian Famine Relief fund. Mr. Peacock, Mayor of Adelaide, gave a banquet on Nov. 9th. at which the Governor was present. Mr. Worsnop, the Adelaide Town Clerk, lias heen presented with a pair of gold-mounted spectacles. Joe Thompson, the Melbourne bookmake'-, lost £10,000 on a single bet on the Melbourne Cup R,a.ce. The scholars of the Ballarat State School subscribe-! over £25 to the Indian Famine Relief fund. The Town Clerk of Kapunda, Mr. Brewer, has tendered his resignation after twelve years of service. New wheat has come into the mills at Gawh-r, showing red rust, and weighing 62 to G31bs. per bushel. The Jietjisler has a sample of anthracite coal discovered in sinking a well in the neighbourhood of Clare. The Melbourne Cup was won by Chester, the time being 2 minutes 33^-seconds for the two miles. A man named Biicke lias been arrested, charged with the wilful murder of his paramour, Hannah Morgan. A libel action brought by Mr. L^vvis against Melbourne Punch lus resulted in a verdict for the defendants. Two Ameiican saloon railway carriages have been put on the Sydney lines, and are much appreciated. A farmer named Monkhouse, of Koarin^a, received a snnstroke on Nov. 3rd, and died shortly afierwards. A drunken row at Runnyinede, Vic , resulted in the death of a man known by the sobriquet of " Black Billy." A man named Lawrence, a marketgardener, of Brighton, Vic. was thrown out of a cart and killed, on Nov. 7. The telegraph line between South ami Western Australia will be completed about the end of the present year. The Labor Advocate is the title of a new " working m >n's paper," started in Adelaide. Its " get-up"is creditable The Queensland Government are to fonrniflpg. be urged to exclude Chinese from five years from the Cuoktowugoldfields. A crushing of 90 tons of stone at the Lady A ice Mine, near Gawler, \ ielded 42 ozs. 14 dwts. of melted gold. The Steamer Tommy Norton wa^ wrecked at the Lake's entrance, Bairnsdale, on Oct. 26th. All hands were saved. A man named Richard Heron died suddenly from he^rt disease while at work at the Victorian Foundry Sandhurst. Mr. IT. E. Do wner, Commissioner of Insolvency, has returned to the colony after twelve months leave of absence. A man named Tsrae] Edwards, who fouglnwiilj Nelson at Trafalgar, died at Bri^'l t n, Vic., on October 20, aged 105 yeais. A shock of earthquake has been felt at Pinjarrah, in Western Australia, and about fifty miles round that district. A sheepdrover was brought into the Eurra Hospital on >ov. 17, and died, after three days' illness, from heart disease. Rich specimens of gold quartz have been found at Uoeboiirne, Western Australia, computed to average five to six ounces to the ton. Charles White, who recently attempted to commit suicide, died at Mount Girnbier, from the effects of self-inflicted injuries. Messrs. Alcock & Co. of Melbourne have completed a French Carome billiard table for the Paris Exhibition ; it is a very fine piece of workmanship. The Revs W.|L Blinks, S. Ironside, T. Williams, and J. C. Symons, wellknown Wesleyan ministers, are applying to retire from the active work of (he Church. The first- of the reservoirs constructed for the Railway Department at Green's Plains is completed, and one on the Eastern Plains is a so Hearing com - pletion. A woman named Johnston and her five children were tmrnt to death bv a fire at Wellington V Z., on October 24th There was al-o considerable damage done to property. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide has received the following tele-rain ! from Madras :—Accept thanks Madras Govei nuic-nt for further handsome Conn ibutioii—£5,000—towards famine I relief." The Rev. T. James, well-known as a Wesleyan Minister, has resigned his connection with that body, and accepted the pastorate of a Congregational Church in Victoria. On the 5:h of November a selector named George Frederic Iioulden was engaged felling a tree at r'oo Wong, near Cranbourne, Victoria, when it fell . upon him and killed hiin. The new river steamer Ellen, recently built at the Goolwa by Messrs. Shetliffe and S ms, went for her trial trip on November 14. Everything worked smoothly and well. A young Mian named Davies has committed suicide in Melbourne. He had been arrested some few days previously, charged with defrau ling the Loudon Discount and Mortgage Bank. During the time the naval reserve were at practice off Williamstown, an unexploded shell was thrown into the western portion of St. Kilda. It caused considerable damage to property but injure J no one. The new Lacepede Bay jetty has been commenced. It is to be a mile and a quarter lon^. and will admit of such st -amers as the Penola and Cooron i discharging alongside. It will be only ten feet wide. On November 14, at the Pentridge Stockade, Garely, the common hangman and fiigellator, give fifteen lashes to the prisoner Mason M'Kirov, under sentence of imprisonment for rape on Mary Vine, at llariow. Two lads named McArdle and lienty have been cammiftcd for trial al Ballarat for committing a rape on a girl named Wvatt. They met her ai Dead Horse Range. One, held her while the other effected his purpose. The Government have received a telegram i'.oni the Agert-General in London, announcing the sailiug of the Andes with two locomotive engines for Wallaroo ] and 960 tons of rails, 30 waggons, and two engines for Port Augusta. Another telegram reports the departure of the Khora.ssan for Port Victor with 1,400 tons rails. A C isllema'ne draper records another '' swi*e.|i" incident . A Melbourne man was in i wo sweeps—one of £1000 a' d the o'her for £800. Two ila.s before the Ciiu was run they were ilr.-wn, and the individual mentioned drew Chester in both. Next day he sold both chances for .£5, and on the evening of the Cup day th^ purchaser found himself the winner of £1800. A woman named Ilolligan fell from hr-r horse last Monday week, near the Wimmera-bridge Horsham. Her foot caught in the stirrup, and she was dragged .some distance, her head bumping on the ground. She was removed ; to the hospital, suffering from concuss ion on the bra n, with svmptoms of fracture of the skull. Tiie injuries are I very serious, and her recovery is doubtful. Business must be brisk at Gawler. Our correspondent writes: —" Our machinists are very busy making reaping machines. Messrs. Martin and Co. will make .'3o0 should there be sufficient tune. About another lf)0 will he made by the other machinists. Five hundred reaping machines at sav, iSGO each, amounts to £30,000, no small sum indeed. Of course large quantities of other implements are manufactured every year, and we consider Gawler the largest manufacturing town out of Adelaide, and in some lines the largest in the colony. A most peculiar animal Ins been seen by two men, P.trick Jones and Patrick Doyle residents of SuUon Forest, in i he bush between C.ib e'n siding and Jordan'* crossing Queensland. The, footsteps are three feet apart, and ilie impression made bv the feet is Hi'milar to that of an elephant. The animal is described as being seven feet high, with a face like a man, and long flaggy hair. It makes a tremendous noise. Fourteen of the men from the mill, fully armed, intend starting to capture this" wild man of the wood." Rcenilv a number of men were assembled at a hotel in Craigie (savs the Maryborough Sr.-oidanH, when one of ihem made a wager, fur drinks, that he could eat 4lbs. of raw meat. The liet was accepted, the loser to also pav for the meat. Two butchers were amongst the number present and they quickly provided 4lhs. of steak, which was duly weighed out before the company. The wagerer then set to wi rk on his allotted ia>k. accomplishing the disgusting fe*t. Such exhibitions savor more of the beast than of the human. Two interesting cases were.- tried in the Western Australia Supreme Court last month. One was a charge of poisonim with intent to kill brought against Hortou B.itemau. The alleged victim in this case was Mr. Geor Thompson, a merchant of Fremantle, I and rhe accused was his confidential clerk The evidence disclosed a knotty complexity of facts, and after a lengthy trial the jury acquitted the accused. Th- other was a civil action against Mr. Thomas Wilding, of Northam, for j having in endeavoring to save his own j property from a monster bushfire, caused the destraction of theirs. This matter had been the subject of two previous actions. Wilding, in the ' j• resent case defended himself, and tained a verdict in both actions. ob Mr. C. S. Hare, J.P., always to the fore in any philanthro ic movement, has prepared a memorial to Parliament, asking for a grant- in aid of the Indian Famiue Relief Fund. The total abstinence cause appears to be gaining ground in the Colonies. An Intercolonial Conference of Good Templars was commenced in Melbourne on Nov. 12. Representatives were present from New Zealand, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tas mama, and Victoria. The business of the Conference was to decide; upon j the desirability of forming a Worthy J Grand Lodge for the Australasian colonies, thus securing local legislation and supervision. The delegates arrived at an unanimous decision affirming the propriety of forming such a Lodge, and resolved upon taking the necessarv steps at once to establish such an institution. In the evening a United Lodge meeting was held. Vigo ous and strong speeches were given by Mr. McLean, M L A., Queensland ; Mr. Allen, N.S.W. ; Rev. E. F. Kingdon, S.A. ; and Mr. Adams, KZ. The fame of the Australian Eucly pt-us Globulus or blue gum is becoming widespread. Ir has become completely acclimatised in California. The latest use H> which iiis there heiii'j put is that of a shelter from wind. It may be thought that they grow too high from the ground to form any barrier to the velocity of the wind, but such is nor the ease. They can be planted in groves around the gardens and farms, and their wonderfully rapid growth makes them the best tree where a quick break is desirable. In the upper part of the Salinas valley, in and around the citv of Salinas, rlie unitorm straightness of the tall and slender trees is remaikable, notwithstanding that rhe wind is so strong as to cause all other trees to dwarf and lean, sometimes until the top touches the ground. They bend almost double at times, but the moment the wind ceases resume the perpendicular. Salinas City will soon he one vast grove of eucalyptus, and the wind wif then have less terrors. Add to this the valuable medicinal properties of the eucalyptus, and the marvel is that it is not even more extensively cultivated. Shipwrecks have been unpleasantly numerous lately :—The barque Isle of France, which left Hobart Town on October 23, with a cargo of timber for Lacepede and Puvoli B »ys, struck on a reef off Kddystone Point on Oct. 29. It was at first hoped she could be got ! off without injury, but a sea lifted the vessel causing her to strike again heavily, aftei which she filled rapidlv Captain Le Brant, finding it impossible : to save the ship, ordered the boats out, and rhe crew were with difficulty Itmd- ded at the Bty of Fives. An attempt ; was made to return to the wreck, and the crew nearly lost their lives owing to the difficulty in regaining land. The ship went down during the night. On Nov. 8th the crew boarded the barque Secret, and were landed at George's Bay. The brigantine Zephyr, which eft Hobart Town for Adelaide on Oct. 10, with a c rgo of timber, was lost at Port Davey on Nov. 3. In a heavy gale of wi.id she lost her cables and was driven on the bar where the vessel broke up. The crew were saved. The vessel was uninsured, but the cargo was covered to the amount of £350. A horrible murder was on November 10 brought to light at North-west Bay, Tasmania. It appears that a man named Lawrence Felon, who was a small farmer in the neighbourhood mentioned, left his house on the 18th of O tober hist, and that, not withstand - ing the mo-t minute search, no trace could be found of his whereabouts. Suspicion, however, [minted to a neighbour named Francis Slier, n, of whom Felon was known to entertain some fears ; and during the last few days the police authorities caused a sharp lookout to be kept upon Sheran's movements, and he was seen filiim; a hole n ar to his residence. This was subsequently inspected by the police, when it was found to contain the boiv of the missing man, in a very mutilated condition. and showing plainly that Felon had been cruelly murdered by some one. After this discovery had been made, the police proceeded to Sheran's house, intending to arrest him - but the\ found that he had disappeared, and they had to remain satisfied with apprehending his wife. Sheran is described as being a man sixty years ol age, 5ft. Gin. in height j grey hair, bald on top of head ; clean shaved, with a little oiey hair around the throat ; and blue eyes. lie is a laboring man and an Irishman by nationality He when last seen wore a blue jumper, patched with blue cloth, an old white cord trousers, and a black billycock hat. He is supposed to be armed with a double-barrel gun, cut down to about 18in.— Hobart Town Mercury. 