J:t' 'Wratitkr n , . 'i- n 0gT.B0s vs Jos uv. aa4|e®Te,®|. smtiaBqgei vitb dense Tmnnljtjrf nurecgvHis bush fires iddlb m efof jsec&Hi;, andattfrntengferifel ®easaJaa t7si expssienced ia the eyes %id &<> as, ie hi? became more tf»«n usually j Erfsa&fci.; The wind has fortunately been in. a teoctherly direction, with occasional changes to the east and west, bat it has not gone round to" the north, or we should doubtless be celebrating the anniversary of Black Thursday ina manner that would be the reverse of pleasant. The wind ba« been far too light to cany the snake away, and it appears to hang about like a thick fog cm the ground, rendering objects haif-a-mDe distant very indistinct, if not altogether obscure. The sun rises and sets with an angry red ap pearance, denoting anything but a hopeful pros pect of change, and the general topic cf conversation is the very peculiar nature j of the 'weather phenomenon, which, seems to ex- j tpfid from the seashore to the interior. Gardens, orchards, and grass lands are parched up by the j heat and drought, and nearly all the timber j country from one end of the colony te the other ; ba.a either been swept by bush fires or is burn- ; lag now. At Colac it is reported that 12,000 acres of timber is on fire. At Snaythesdale the ponds and reservoirs in the botanical gardens are so low that the fish are eying, and the local fire brigade has been engaged conveying water from some ci the deep holes to try and keep them alive. A Linton correspondent, writing to a Ballarat paper, says : — "Bush fires are burning all around Linton, and scarcely a drop of drinking-water can be got. I have just boughs Scihcieiii to last me till the end of the week, with care, for is, ; hut i£ the dry weather con tinues mueh longer I am afraid we will not be able to get water for any money." Nor s the heat and drought the only plague. The Crcs- t net Advertiser says : — " We have fires and drought, and sow we have in addition the grass hopper; Around Ne wlyn and other parts of the district they appear in clouds, and are making ad havoc with the apples. We have seen anumber «€ what were apples ate to the core by this pest. :y Oar Kiimore correspondent adds his testimony to the general complaint. He says : — " The weather of late has been unusually hot and dis agreeable. A derse smoke surrounds the town, indicative of numerous bosh- fires in the neigh bourhood. The water begins to get very scarce, the local authorities have already restricted its nee. Unless rain comes very shortly, the farmers will be reduced to great straits, as they have already to drive their cattle a considerable distance to water." At Warmsmbool the horizon has also assumed a misty appearance, and tne Siaad&rd; says a number 5 of bush- fires have been, burning down the coast in the direction cf Curdie's river, the smoke from which fills the town. At Bet Bet some of the selections have been on fire, and stacks, grain, and even houses have been desteoyed. The Ballarat $i>ir says : — " The scarcity or water at the Durham Lead, 2\apoleonrs, Scotehmairs, jitount Ciear or such a nature that some twenty water-carts are engaged in carting water to the localities named from the springs at Baninyocg.1' The MaTyh&rougfc; A&r-eril;&er; also has a doleiai tale. Is says : — " The barren elate to which the open country in the neigh bourhood of Castiemaine is reduced by the long drought induces herds of goats to come into the latter in search of feed, and to destroy the gardens." Sandhurst is no exception ; to the rule. The Advertiser remarks : — " For several days past the city has been sur rounded with what appear to be dense volumes of smoke, as if bush fires of immense extent were raging everywhere in the neighbourhood. A heavy bush fire is reported to have best burn ing for some days at Button-grange, but the dis tance of that locality from Sandhurst is too great to account for the continued and thick haze, which is of such a character, particularly in the morning time, that -everything is indis tinctly seen at short distances, and houses, feces, etc., are almost entirely obscured in- the broad daylight at less than a quarter of a mile. The sun and moon rise and set blood red, giving an idea of sultriness of the most suffocating description. At Sutton- grange, the fire commenced first on Friday last, and has burned unceasingly ever riwre. Im mense quantities of bush timber have hp«i destroyed, but we have not heard of any loss being sustained by settlers. Our informant who saw the fire cn Monday, states that the heat for miles before one reaches the fire is in tense and unbearable. There appears to be bush fires tome distance to the west of the city, and also aW-ut the Elmore district." In the direction of Hamilton there are also extensive firs. The SpeAiisr says : — Throughout the whole of Saturday night, Sunday, and yester day. the armors pnrs was mttrd with nV . > a glare ia the sky over Pierre-point and another further to the right indicated at " night-time where the eonfiagrations were going ahead. The one at the rear of Pierrepoint appeared to be on a comparatively small scale, but we were in formed by a gentleman who oame in from Pens- hurst yesterday that the second fire seen from Hamilton was apparently covering a large area between Macarthur and Hawkeadale. From the Border, amllariy disagreeable weather is reported. The Border Post says : — " We have a dismal tale bo unfold, one which is calenlared to harrow up the sonT of both squatter and farmer. The disastrous effects of the prolonged drought are beginning to show. The grass is everywhere rapidly disappearing, the bare earth showing, cracked and yawning. Water has almost entirely gone, fere creeks have loag since stopped running, ami the river is ex- ce-dingiy low. The hear is sgam infcensg ami murky clouds of smoke and dust l»«ig over the towns of A! bury and Wodoogs. en veloping vfcem like a pall A gentleman from Howl&ng; informs as vhat he brought some horses from Howiong .to Alfeurv. and that it was impossible to procure any water for frbm 011 the road. " Tanks belonging to the settlers, tint were formerly accessible to travellers, are now projected by their owners wish firearms. Lawful or unlawful he had no dxebs that such : was the temper of toe parties from whom -:c solicited water, his horses wvald have te r u shot had they ventured near the- cssk? quench j their tuirsv." it is quire evident that should the drought last much longer matters will as sume a very serious aspect. The weather on Thursday wasagain oppressive, and though the smoke cleared of to some degree during the forenoon, its presence was reada painfully apparent once more as the Hunt bmudiedaway ia the evening. Ob WedntB V .. - "t " day the b»gtn»»a: temperature in. the shade trB d fa the shade, and 135dmtia$jBBifc. Bali tires conthme to burn in every idirectH TheGippsIand_ telegraph line has been iataMftedfor some rime; and ia rie eirtotab. of Ihoniaiia the posts hare been i burned down, and comm n nibafiai with Tas- mania has been stopped in consequence. From the country districts disasters are also reported, and the greatest anxiety is expressed regarding a speedy chan ge. 