COUNTRY NEWS ACCORDING to the Maryborough Advertiser an official inquiry is now being held into alleged irregularities in connection with the Maryborough gaol. THE remarkable forwardness of the season may be gathered from the follow ing:—Mr. Andrew M'lntyre, of Ballarat, exhibited on Monday a fine strawberry, fully ripened, which he had picked in his garden. Seeing that the strawberry season commences about December, the appear ance of such fruit as early as September is nothing short of wonderful. A FATAL fall from a horse is reported by the Bendigo Independent. It appeared that on Sunday last a man named Henry Col man, twenty-six years of age, died from injuries caused by a fall from his horse on Saturday, at the Terricks, near Young husband's station. RUMOUR, ever busy, writes the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, hath it that, in the event of Mr. P. Wright resigning his, seat, Mr. G. V. Smith will offer himself as a candidate. Mr. J. Scarlett certainly will stand, and will receive considerable support; in fact, the free-traders are pledged to him. Of course, this is presuming that a vacancy will occur, but we have grave doubts on the matter. THE defalcations of the absconding secretary of the Warrnambool Building Society amount, it is said, to £1500. MR. WILLIAM MUNRO, of Joyce's Creek (says the Mount Alexander Mail), has a pet ewe, which gave birth to nine lambs in eleven months, four in October last, and five in the present month. A FIRE occurred at Mr. James M'Millan's farm, Newstead, on Friday morning, 7th inst. (says the Mount Alexander Mail), whereby his barn and other out-houses, containing a quantity of wheat, oats, produce, a chaffcutter, and corn- crusher, were destroyed. A DAY or two since, an experienced bush man (says the Ovens Advertiser) suggested to us a very sensible plan of in part pre venting the spread of bush-fires. He said that if owners of runs would spread salt all along their fences on either side, both cattle and sheep would be attracted by it, and the result would be that all the grass contiguous to the fences would be eaten up. A bag of salt would suffice for a mile of fencing. Two purposes will be served; the cattle,or sheep will have a necessary supply of salt, and thrive all the better for it, whilst the danger of fire will be reduced to a minimum. IN the Rochester case Mr. Spencer, it is stated, has brought an action for libel against the Bendigo Advertiser, claiming £2000 damages ; and Mr. Richards, who was committed for trial by Spencer, has decided on bringing another action against Spencer, damages being laid at £1000. As showing the great demand there exists for land in this district (writes the Kerang Times) there were fifty applications for land lodged at the district survey office during the week ending the 1st September. IT has been decided by the Mornington Farmer's Society to hold a spring show and sale of pure and choice stock in the show yards, Cranbourne, on Thursday, the 4th October. AT a meeting of the Kilmore Agricultural Society, held on Saturday last, it was deter mined to hold the annual show on Thursday, the 13th December, and a committee was formed to prepare the prize list, which is in tendedto be of a liberal nature. IN the Horsham Police Court on Monday, Stuart Bolton, the shire secretary, proceeded against Daniel Harrison, editor of the Wimmera Star, in a criminal prosecution for libel, for having charged the secretary with tampering with the minutes of a meeting, whereby it was made falsely to appear that a resolution raising a £30,000 loan had been passed. When half defendant's witnesses had given evidence, Mr. Akehurst said it was needless to further waste the time of the court. He dismissed the charge. The court was crowded thronghout. Mr. Branson vehemently charged Mr. Akehurst with partiality. A YOUNG man, named Wm. Neal, employed at Mr. Sutton's, grocer, Brighton, was drowned on Sunday morning, whilst bathing at the new jetty, where he had gone for the purpose, in company with a fellow-shopmate. Shortly after entering the water at the steps he was seized with cramp and sank. De ceased's age was twenty-six. He was respectably connected, his friends residing at Queenscliff, and was shortly to be maried to a young lady in the neighbourhood. An inquest was held on the body on Monday, at the Devonshire Hotel, by Mr. Candler, and a verdict of accidental drowning returned. MINING SURVEYOR ROWE reports on a new rush at Waranga, near Rushworth:—The site of the rush is about two and a half miles east of Rushworth, on the road to Waranga, and extends eastward of the ground recently prospected at the expense of the Government. But he says, 'should the publicity that has been given to this small affair induce miners to make their way here in any large numbers it will be a calamity. In all probability there will be little or no gold, and it is almost certain water cannot be got within five or six miles." A FATAL accident occurred at Clunes on Monday, by which a miner named John Mayberry was killed in the South Clunes mine. The deceased was a trucker, and whilst proceeding to work got out at the lowest level, but through some misapprehen sionwent on the wrong side of the shaft and fell to the bottom, a distance of sixty feet. Death was instantaneous. The poor fellow leaves a wife and large family. THE Hamilton Spectator writes:—"Mr. Ritchie, the captain of the Balmoral Foot ball Club, has succumbed to the injuries he received by coming into collision with an opposing player in a match a week or two ago. He was a fine, powerful young man, a general favourite, and his untimely death has cast a gloom over the whole of the Balmoral district, where he was very popular. As an instance of what the late dry weather means in Riverina, we are informed (says the Ballarat Star) that 30,000 sheep are to be killed on one station, so as to keep grass enough for the rest of the stock. Mr. Martin, the late secretary of the Railway Reform League, was in Ballarat on Wednes day, and he states that a thousand bales of "dead-wool," that is, wool picked off dead sheep, have already come to Echuca by river carriage. THE following amusiug item is from the Donald Times:—Our local trooper has been supplied with a new horse. He never has had one fit to ride, and now the department has sent him one all the way from Melbourne. It might be worth 50s. Yesterday we saw the animal at work; it went four miles in two hours. The public will have to sub scribe and buy one that is safe to ride, or else have another inquest on a trooper. Which is the cheapest—to pay compensation to a trooper's wife for his being killed by a too lively horse, or to give £20 for a safe one ? THE following circumstance has been related to the Ballarat Courier:—A young girl came into Ballarat a week or two ago with a needle sticking in the palm of her hand. She went to the hospital, where an operation for its extraction proved without success. The gentleman who is our authority recommended her to try the effect of a strong magnet, which she did at one of the jeweller's shops in Ballarat, the result being that the needle was withdrawn. THE Ararat Advertiser writes:—" A young lady on a station not far distant from Ararat, who had only recently been engaged in Melbourne to fill the situation of cook, asked leave on Sunday week, when her work was finished, to go away for a few hours. Not returning in time to attend to the wants of the family led to inquiries being made, when it was found that she had left the station in company with one of the station hands, who had been resident in the district for a number of years. They proceeded, it appears, to Ararat, where they were united in matri mony on Wednesday. The young lady is twenty-five years of age, and the happy bridegroom sixty." MB. Tgun*Au, the" mining delegate; >to ; C^ilornia, iijfco is (.^tufoing.' to Victoria fa, expected back so soon. The Bendigo. . jtii inoiMj• '^aMjfcjp/wihL . Thnreao, in which* "he'etatM that ha WM BE&ble; to remain any longer in California lor want of money, not having had sufficient latterly to pay hie expenses. Remittances were not duly or promptly forwarded, or else failed to reaoh bim. THE Koroit Express says:— "The wheat and grain crops around the Tower Hill Lakes, for the most part, look anything but pro mising, the effects of the late dry season being only too apparent in a number of the earlier sown paddocks. The fields in which this state of things is the most noticeable present a varied appearance, the red soil being almost as bare of vegetation as the road, while the seed sown on the black soil has come up thick and healthy-looking. Towards Warrnambool, the ravages of the grub are painfully apparent, several paddocks showing up very patchy indeed. But the farmers altogether are in very good heart as yet, and hope for a good yield at harvest time. Potato-planting is almost at an end, only the low-lying lands now remaining to be planted. THE committee of Lancefield Mechanics' Institute are calling for tenders for a building to cost £1200. THE Ballarat Champion Sheep Show is fixed to be held on Thursday, the 20th inst. THE Warrnambool Guardian of the 8th inst. says :—" The hurling match has now definitely been fixed for Thursday, the 27th inst., and the committee of the Hurling Club are making great exertions to have all their arrangements complete by that time. The mayor, Mr. J. G. Cramond, has consented to preside at the banquet to be given at the Orderly Room on the evening of that day, and subscriptions to the funds are increasing. It has been decided to invite the Ministry, the members of the district, and the local councils. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has also been invited, but it is not certain that he will be able to attend." 