THE GRANDEST SCENE IN THE WEST OF VICTORIA. Our souls were considerably exercised as to what we should do with ourselves daring the holidays. We found that Loutitt Bay was, in Press language, “crowded out,” Geelong and Mlebourne were used up, Lai Lai didn’t satisfy our. ambition,'-Mount Cole wo had done just three .months before, so that all in all we were in somewhat of a “fix.” I have it!” suddenly cried one of the company,l’ve got a' splendid idea—but indeed - you know my trouble is to have anything else—let’s go up to Ararat; thence; to Moystpn, and from thence ascend Mount William.” Everybody was delighted. " Just the very thing; how in the world hadn’t'we thought of that before? We sent round the fiery cross to a few more faithful spirits,' and in the course of a day ,6r two dur party was/ _ or S®uised. ■; We looked.- forward with gleeful anticipations ■ to . Good - Friday .-morning; -the only damper being that we should have to be up at 4. o’clock in order • to batch the Ararat trim.' What official demon fixed the hour, of. starting at 5 o’clock ? Of all the unholy hours, to, select 5 o’clock a.m. is about the unholiest. With unspeakable agony I heard the.alarum clock go;’off at the .appointed time, and \- groaning in spirit I ijragged myself out of bed. If there-! is one saltatory ,feat I envy more than another it is that pf , “ jumping up” when called. K 7 o o’clock, however, found us allj punctual to oiir, appointment, and in; the ■ course of a short time we were _ bowling along- Araratwards. Eight o’clock saw us in the lunatic city’fearfully chopfullen arid [down in the mouth, for it was blowing’ rainibgpand looking as gloomy as the /prospects of , Turkish bond-■ holders g'etting’ baok theft money. A’oouhcil of war was held as to whether we should go on or stay that day iu Ararat, Which resulted in a unanimous vote,- to go on to Moyaton,,even if.iteho.uld rain oats and dogs. 1 At; AX* o’clock ' we were duly in that metropolis, and: met with a piece : of ostraordK nary good.; fortune, ; We : wore: directed v'tS Mr Sullivan, the,. Schoolmaster, there, rijr- information as to the route to take, when, fitter telling us ha had; been up twenty-five times on botanising and other expeditions, he volunteered to accompany, us and show us theVbad./ Nothing [could/ have been more entirely acceptable .to-us, and we were inclined to strike up a thanksgiving chorus there and then, but on' reflection that that would hardly comport with; our; aristocratic appearance 'ind impressive,dignity" o£i mien; we for ,bore,’ and contented ourselves iwith an expression' of thanks. that certainly bad the merit of -being wholly sincere. 1 We took; a slightly roundabout rbad'to get' , to_ bur destination fit the fdot 'of Mount .William—a trifling addition of.some.ten miles extra bn-, to'- fifteen (for which, however, Mr Sullivan was not to blame), but if we lost distance! woassuredly gained sport. Being all famous shots. we carried one whole singie barrel gun between- the five ! of us,, and during the afternoon we had six- separate and distinct shots, .which produced exactly two '.cockatoo’s 'feathers, the result, the writer,is proud; to say, of his shot into a flock of 1346 accurately counted." We enjoyed'.the sport immensely, and so did the birds, for one actually iflaw back Into the-same-tree, - waited ‘for a second shot from the same sportsman,-and then went off smiling all its features.:'with;, enjoyment- at the .excellence, of, the-, joke, y Arrived at .- our 'des tination, ..a-..; beautiful ; valley ‘ right - at the foot of Mount . William, "we 'were ’met in the most . friendly manner by Mr ; Mason; a-selector ; there,' and invited to make* ourselves welcome; / We did so, and spent a,glorious evening talking, joking, singingp.aud laying bur plans for the morrow,. -We resolved to get up' at 4 o’clock again and start;Aor the tpp of the' mountain at 5, thus enabling us to get back to Ararat in time for the last;;train to Ballarat.. , . Packed like sardines on the floor ‘ before the fire we slepb.a light and troulled sleep; light because wei ■ had our clothes onpand ‘troubled "beeause'of Fterfific’ assault on us by an army ot—l . have been trving to find some elegant periphrasis but can’t,-and’there- 5 fore must use plain -English—fleas, which bit' iia’ with the keenest.relish.l. -At 4 o’clock we all got up; and*! jwnt.out togee.to.the horse. -Horror.of-horrpra ! --the -brute was gone ! In sepulchral tones I announced the terrible fact, and I could have safely defied Vic toria to produce five more woo-bogono countenances than the five that sat [round the fire-that morning. There wasn’t a man amongst us but felt that the world was indeed a'weary wilderness; we were almost prepared to depart for another and a better in sheer diagusfc-afc the disappointments and’vexfitidns of this. •WtoMwks ’fe Be'fdon'e I, Vlf' we waited and searched for the horse, goodbye to our expedition to the top of the mount; and it we didn’t, how were'we to getbabk to Ararat in’ time-.tb‘ : patch the ;Ballarat,train ? At last Mr- Mason offered to search .for the horse whilst wa ascended,.and if he failediin finding it he would try and get another. ■ If .ever a man was voted 1 fellow, in right earnest, we‘voted Mr.M. With-heavy hearts we set out for the ascent at 5.15 a.m., resolved to do that part at all costs. - We had scarcely gone fifty yards before I saw something and in another moment cried out, “1 see a,third horse.” In breathless expectation we neared it, saw the halter round his neck—it was our horse ! Not a word was said as Mr Maso'u; approached'he'r, and after a little suspicious snuffing (un the horse’s part) secured the halter. Then we gave vent to our feelings. We [cheered, we danced; we embraced—my own innate [dignity; oouldn’t.bear.this shock,.and it Was only the' . want of ■ ability, .that prevented me standing on my head. Our, anxiety; was past; all was plain sailing mow, and with the lightest' of light hearts we com menced, the ascent.,:,,, V. '. i I frankly confess that,l have always had the most' deep- rooted aversioff to the hush at’.night. . The trees become to . me ;great spectral .forms,- theii.branches = stretching down to grasp me; shrubs and undergrowth assu me wild; weird shapes; and I'seem to'seo demonia cal faces, grotesque but always fearful. I hear strange sounds, stealthy; steps, groaninga and sighings that freeze my blood and-string up my nerves to'the toosion. You may. laugh, but, there may be a superstition of the imagination although the reason may; scorn such..things anil hold them in the prb foundest contempt. For; once, however, I had ho" such thoughts. . There, were six of us, and so the sense of loneliness was destroyed; we were in the seventh heaven of delight at the fact that the hone Was found/ and Vo/jollity [freigned.'Supreme. Wei Kept quoting .those.exquisite lines- from-MiUon’a-—HEenaeroso ” J3oncD„thoa loathed Melancholy! . ■ . ■'We’ve resolved that we’U bo jolly; r ' ' Gaily will we siHg aml liUl'jh, " ’ ' Lightly banter. jest, andcli\ff; . > -, : ~ , Gleefully we’ll trip U round, ■ For our moke' is'safe arid sound. Soon ,we commenced the climbing, and good, sharp, unmistakable ciimbirig -. it. was. Our guide, philo sopher, and friend, Mr Sullivan, led tho \vay, and he led-it fvvitb accuracy.- --The - moon -was nearly, at its - full, bat clouded over, yet bright enough':to make .'the solemn-depths of these forests more solemn and - impressive .still.,, There-is one. remarkable' feature : about . the - Australian bush that I- have never heard commented upon, and yet it.is to mb the striking : feature of Australian forest scenery,' and that is that every tree is dissimilar. from its neighbor;' it has its own distinct individuality, 1 so to speak.' In a European pine forest every tree is almost exactly the repetition of every other tree, and, thus there is a monotorious uniformity'that is very wearisome. Another feature is the great black trunks whi'-hhave been poorched by bush'fires, and the equally great trunks lying prostrate, ’ burivod, . charred, and half consumed by the fires that; hp’ye swept‘along. Thus the towering trees that rose above, the tangled ’ undergrowth, tho_ blackened trunks, tho charred logs, . all,lit .up by the rays of the moon,- made : a soane riot easily forgotten;.' a• scene:all■ .the’• more impressive, because .of ;‘the 'deep, solemn silence that reigned \- ' But a new and different experience was in store for • us. We had -ascended nearly halt way in- the moonlight when -the light became grayer, the pale' ' colors nri the 1 trees, began ,to ;fade away;-and first a soberer tint, then'a'warmer took its place, until just-, as we reached the top of one of the great spurs of the mountain the full splendor of the morning sun burst upon us. ‘ How full the .world is, of beauty if we would only open our eyes to see it! What love •tineas there is : iri the'common things around us, if.we would but.try to discover it 1 How oft repeated are the glories of nature—morning after morning, day after day,’evening after evening—an eternal, round, arid yet ever fresh and riew to the soul that is attuned in harmony with them all ! Arid , truly a glorious scene this was that met our eyes from the ridge of the’ spur—a wide extended view'of mountains beyond us, mountains above us, far stretching plains beneath us, gorge'and valley'and range to. the' riglikand left of’ us,;but abdye all,_the exquisite colors ,o£ the trees near at hand, where'the morning .rays. shone through them. ;;:1 could * never have believed -that the prosaic gutri leaves could have reflected back such ri wondrous variety, such -a blending glory of’oolors. Bat just'as the'world is full of beauty so also is it full of. changed A few minutes afterwards the sun, rose ’ behind the clouds,-. the glory faded, the wealth‘df‘ coloring disappeared, and ;once*jmore we had ;tHe' ordinary bush e-quiet, sober,- not, without a certain beauty of its own, bat no longer the gorgeous beauty that had come-upon us.’so unexpectedly, .and filled ur so wholly with a sense of its unspeakable*loveliness. We had beep pasting apprehensive glances- at the. summit of the mountain, for we.saw the mist still hariging : about, and,knew very well,,of,, coursej that if it didn’t rise, farewell'to any view from, that coveted 'point, the “ very; top.”- 'When within .'about 500, feet of the summit the .-ascent becomes 'exceedingly; steep, yet not particularly difficult if you only take, your time. Itis, however, somewhat trying to those ‘ whose nerves are not verystrong, or.who are not accus tomed to mountain oUmbing, ; forit looks sheer_down below. There is riot the slightest real danger,.but,.there is, apparently, very .great.danger..,,Hp. this ’ face ..we. slowly—toiled;,' resting “ full many <a time and oft,”:myself for one: inwardly vowing that I .would never attempt any.' more.aseerits of the'sort; It’s a ;curious. fact that the' majorityof people regularly ' make (this vow every time they go up a difficult mouritain, and just as .regularly break ft.".-I,"think- the last seventeen tithes I have'gone' up'on these breatlpexhausting,-sinew tiring, shin-blistering expeditions, I have solemnly sworn that this one' would be my last; but' after one gets down again all the,toil and trouble are forgotten,- and if ari,;opportunity. is‘ offered another expedition is ‘organised, another ascent made, and' more solemn vows duly registered.. At last ,we reached a ledge of .rook.which sloped off gently the other way, leading to the foot of an. easy .-ascent over rocks between which strong shrubs'grew , out; this was .quicklyj passed; a; small cairn oa'me’in view, and* in about three minutes we were at the “ very top.!’ ‘ A superb sight undoubtedly. 'Not,:, however, at first, for the mist was.-, not wholly gone, and in the distance to the south we could see some clouds rush-' trig’on'towardsl/us. In''a few minutes the mist lifted . up, ..and a few. ■ minutes more the clouds struck the mountain, enveloped - •us for a moment or two, and then rushed .onward*, shattered in their confiict with the grand -bid rocks on which wo stood. Then we had a glorious view indeed. ■ Three thbusand :£eet below : us the great- western, plains,commenced; arid stretched away as- far ■as the eye could reach, brightly set out with charming little lakes, here and .there -belts .of; timber, 'an'djlar'on’the- horizon,. the huge form of Mount Elephant’sfandirig prominently ; put.’ ' Eight:' beneath .us,,the rocks went shear down" soriie hundreds •of feet, .only |.a few shrubs which grow outifrom the face of the rook-breaking .the perpendicular ‘line tb_the bottom) from whence a steep declivity; went- down ithiokly wooded' to the plains? • Away. to the'south the. grand Sierra (aptly named) reared up its many peaks,’, until it ended in Mount Sturgeon. A more .striking scene jt would be difficult to. find, for the whole of : these -mountains have' the peculiarity of being comparatively gentle’ slopes on their.,,western side, but breaking-off in abrupt- precipices on their eastern.. Behind. us the i Grampians showed one ■ almost unbroken line ’ of precipices, vast faces of rook, . running albrigltor ; miles.. Further westward lies a. gigantic amphitheatre, the, source, of :.the-Wannori, bounded by mountains qll around.. To the north arid -north-east the Pyrenees: stand boldly out against the sky,, whilst to the east an undulating country rolls off. in beautiful slopes' and : dow-lyipg ranges,- until far. .off -’Mount Mistake, "arid.. Mount Cole close the .view. A magnificent scene in every sense of the word— mountain and valley; densely wooded slopes and-open plain, sheer precipices standing’ grandly : up,‘a far .stretching prospect unbroken by peaks close at: hand, a sense of height; becaUse of-the sudden uprising of Mount William from'the plains below—these are the scenes that lift.our abuls’up, that elevate our thoughts, .and make us -realise l ' how glorious nature is," arid how pure are-the enjoyments that spring from a wider knowledge of her works. ; \- After,a ; tirii6-,we commenced the.descent. ■, One ob ' viouri riioral It teaches is, that it is much easier 1 to - go down ,in: the’world' - than to get rip in it. .We; went down at-a variety of paces' and in a" large', assortment (in advertising language), of styles. We walked down, slid down, trotted down, ran down;' and occasionally tumbled down. I went down'on -my back once' at a speed; that would have provoked the envy of a-profes sional, tumbler. One of the party ‘ tried the rela tive merits in the way of hardness of the back of his head and a log, with, results so entirely satisfactory that be will not try it again for some time. '.Happen ing to .take the wrong spur in goirig'down, wo g--t amoojgst some of the most- detestable .undergrowth I ’ever saw in my life; it tripped and gripped us as if it were endowed with life, and meant to take it out of -us for intruding on its domain; Ho Scotchman ever • held bn tb-a sixpence with more fearful, tenacity of grasp than one particular piece held on to my left f00t.., We got but of it as quickly os we could, and in the course of about an hour were back at bur good and trusty friend Mr Mason’s (to whom we owe a great debt bf gratitude), had a good breakfast of bread and sardines with tea, harnessed..up,.oun nag,;-had an altogether; glorious drive back to Ararat, took the 4 o'clock train, arriving;in Ballarat at.G;-.to-p.m., thus finishing one of the finest outings we ever, had in our lives. In sport ing style—time, -19 horns 25 minutes;, in* commercial ditto—cost,! exactly twenty-one shillings each', includ ing everything; the Cheapest two days’-enjoyment that could possibly be offered, considering the quality of-the entertainment. ’ 1 r - J. C. 