? BY GEXSFFRV CRABTHORN. If any osse^oifhfced the absurdity ofonr Xmode of eketing •members to the Legislative Oouooil, tEb utter indifference w&ich.; ®ay apathetic iPublic show about the matter at thejpresent moment would go far to safety ban. If-a general election •were on-ait 'the same "time the electors •would tell a<different tale. They would be actively 'discussing men and things, settling principles, and airing interests, cheeriiig-at--claptrap, sometimes hitting on a trufch, and in short doing their best in their 'lumbering, uncertain, partly haphazard 'but not always mistaken Anglo- Sasm iasbion to get suitable men to govern them. And amid this clash of candidates and tornado of tongues the would-be Councillors would get sacked into ihe vortex, and compelled, will tboy, inill they, to shew of what stuff they are anade. But without this just look how the sthing is worked. A dozen candidates publish in the newspapers addresses more or less vague—generally the former—to Sihe Electors, and carefully abstain j from doing anything else to prove their | unfitness for the seats they covet." A few days before the nomination x perhaps a i meeting is got up in the Town HalL The Chairman limits each speaker to a quarter of an hour. Of course no man can pack a policy into that space of time, and this is an immense boon to those t, who have nothing -to say as well! as to those whose friends have prepared their speeches for them. When the questioning comes on even the dullest!? can soon see what the feeling of the meeting| is, and so he repeats in a slightly altered j form the answer that has already been' favourably received, or more unblushingly contents himself with saying ditto to a; predecessor. After that everybody goes' to sleep again until-election day, and then' the few electors who are energetic enough to go to the poll pick their men as best they can with the sense that after the first three it is just a toss-up whom they shall take. No wonder that in the past they have saddled themselves with some old men of the sea, who year after year have hung like an incubus on the neck of Progress until galvanized into a sudden semblance of conversion by the wiles of a skilful leader or the terrors of the approaching ballot-box! Bo you: really suppose, my simple - minded Public, that, activity of this kind will last beyond the return of the writs, and that these repeatant prodigals will not goj back to .the husks of obstructiveness that' contented them i©r seven out of their eight years of -legislative inaction ? If I "were you I would put to every candidate | certain plain ^questions the answers to; which he could >aot crib from a previous? speaker. I would say to him—What have you achieved in the past that we| should give you- this great trust?! What measure of reform have you tried to introduce 1 What light havei you thrown upon the labour of legisla-i tion? What single subject have you taken! up and mastered 1 What extent of watch-| fulness have, you esercised over the doingsf of the Executive ? What mischief have| you ever prevented i What trophies won', with your own bow and spear can youf show in the field 'of polities 2 Don't; "vapour about how you voted. Any fool? can give a vote if he ias got -one, and he' can't help sometimes voting right. TELL^ ME "WHAT TfOU HAVE DONE ! If you can't do that, you may spare your plausible platitudes about Public Works,h law reform, taxation, insolvency, and all! the other stale stock subjects of the plat-| form. You are not the man for Oeoffry.i Apply this test, my Public, to your dozenl candidates, and see how many of them! can stand it J You will find some three' or' four to face it well; and these youl may vote' for with a will. Other three or four fchere^ be—mere inflatedj bladders—whom it' Will crumple up to ; nothingness; and these you must unswerv-j ingly reject: For the rest you may toss upf how to fill up your ticket, and be thankful if you get in four good men out of the six. Such a led;, however, you are not likely to apply if you follow the example? of the simple-minded Mount Barkerites. They were very ill used in that only ond candidate put in an appearance, but their proceedings, were so: eccentric that I tremble to think what would have hapi pened if the othe^ bad been there. Cait you conceive, for example, anything mord charming than their' cordial acquiescent^ in Mr. Raphael's objection to speaik Treely on the ground that if he did his opponents might fish his brains and profif Jjy ih<3 process ? Yet the vote of thankal fo aU the retiring members, good and ba*| together, • was wen more refreshing* (JsBtfce cannot; be done to it in prose, s$ let,me try "another way:"— | 7 ;A NETf SONG TO AN OLD TUNE, f As recently sung at Mount Barker by Dr. Weld • and a full chorus. • Air—" Here's to the -maiden of bashful fifteen.^ '_"""' " • —— '7 K Here's to the member that never will speak, 9 Now to the one thafs loquacious^ i Here's to the follower feeble and meek, ; j And here's -to the- leader sagacious: ; " Let the vote pass! * He's but an ass "Who tJiinVs we are able our members to class. - Here's to the candidate standing again, ; " Now-to the member that's gone, Sir; Here's to the one with a clear-thinking brain, \ And now to the noodle with none, Sir: f •.- Let the vote pass, &c.; f Here's to the member that thinks for himself, I Now to him. that Sir Harry can Wheedle; Here's to the ignorant, fatuous elf,.. And to him that's as sharp as a needle: • Let the vote pass, &c.; For let him be Morgan, or let him be Dunn, : Murray, English, poor Parkin, or Oozier, We lump them together and thank all or none f For the merits of each no one knows here, f - - • - \- OHOBTTS. ! Let the vote'pass! \- - JSe's butanass. . - f "Who thinks we are able our members to class. ' : Wh-e-e-ew! ' Iai'tit'hot ! After thajt metrical effort I lay down my pen and tir the contents of my canvas cooler under ihe verandah. But ill this close weather even the canvas bucket is a failure. In a rage I can scarcely refrain from kicking the bucket, but'on second thoughts % return to my toiL ; .What could have induced our earliest almanac- - maker, ^uma PompQius, tib add such an ill-conditioned month as that of February to the Roman ^cSlendar I cannot for the life of me imagine; bift he did well to make it, as its name impliej), a "festival of expiation"—for assuredfr its influences on hapless mortals axe pr&- eminently purgatorial. Paradoxical as it may seem, its brief reign • is usually , marked by a heavy " downpour—in England of wet, in Australia of heat. In the old country the shortest month of the twelve is proverbially the period of - dismal days and gloomy nights, high it makes up for its curtailed career by concentrating and intensifying jn its, eight-and-twenty disagreeable dayaalLthe' worst features of the other summer months.: The heat , of January we can bear, because .it is " fine, .seasonable weather for the harvest," but February is universally dreaded and detested by South Australians. To say it is "February weather" is to' describe-" the climax of climatic discomfort. You may be sure that the name of the month has a good deal to do with this ; Juliet's rose by any other name might smell as sweet, but & the awfully sultry and oppressive heat of the past week had not belonged to the " month of expiation" it would not have seemed so utterly and abominably bad. Which brings me back to my query. Why did Numa Pompilius inflict upon posterity ' th'e unlnitigated curse of a February ? What savs my soothing Spenser thereanent—slightly adapting his saiiric stanza to antipodean 1 readers 1— " Then came hot February sadly .seated .In a close -chariot red with lurid.fire, Drawn of riiosquitos whose shrill song repeated Wakened in par- boiled mortals^ fruitless ire. Thin clad was he, yet much did he perspire And dozed, while handy, stppd when he awoke Seductive wliets that languid frames require, And beer to slake his thirst whenas the smoke Of quenchless bush- fires foul, or dust-storms made hurt choke." Talking of bush fires, I am reminded of an ancient saint's day jeligiously observed .by-the wool-combers of. Bradford and, other English towns, who are accustomed to hold a septennial jubilee on "February 3 in honour of St. Bhiize. The chronicler adds :—" There was also a general popular observance of St. Blaize's day In' England. Apparently for no better reason than the sound of the ^ venerated prelate's name, it was customary to light fires on this day or evening on the hilltops." May not the prevalence of bush fires in the hills of late be looked upon as an indication that even in South Australia there are many who still do. honour to the Armenian Bishop I Be this as it May, or rather as it's February, all the dayp.of this month thus far might appropriately enough be called St. Blaize's. 