Beenleigh. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] November 13. On the principle of being thankful for "small mercies," wo must not omit to chronicle a very slight downfall of run with which wo were favored during tho afternoon of tho 12th instant, so slight, however, was the min heieibüuts, that it cm do but little good unless supplemented by a uioie copious supply, of vthich there appears as jet but httlo prospect Tho bush-fires hive m their ongm (iu somo cises at least) biought grist to the mill of mem- bers of the legal profession iu this loc ihty, one case for negligent use of fire having been brought under the notice of the Bench to- day, and a similar action being set down for hearing on Monday next. In the action decided this day, the pro secutoi was Mr George Black is attorney foi Mi Adam Black of Gympie, the defendant being a lad named Otto Rachow, an apprentice to a tradesman heio lho evidence for the piosccu tion proved conclusively the commission by the defendant of the offence of starting a fire in a paddock belonging to Mr. Adam Black, which fire ultimately destroyed all the grass the pad- dock, about four chains of two-rail fencing, mid about eighty cords of firewood. No evidence was called for the defence, and the defendant being convicted, was fined £20 and costs, m de- fault, seven days imprisonment, the term of îm prisonment, in default, being made comparatively light at the instance of the prosecutor. An application, by J. N. Ehlers, for a publican's license, was adjourned urtil the 14th instant, there not being a Bench numerically strong enough to enteitnn the application, which was icfiised on i foi mer occasion Country correspondence is not often instruc- tive, but I can see mj way to "point i moral " now in connection with electricity A tolegiam received into the Brisbane Telegraph Office before Opm ouo evening does not reach Burnleigh till Dim on the following morning, in Bpito of double fees paid for transmission Tho cause of delay is said to bo that the lino went (or was put) " to earth " like the fo-v.es in the old country! Moral: Don't send i telegram if you have a horse handy 