SUPREME COURT—CIVIL SIDE. [Before His Honor the Chief Justice.] WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1877. CROUCH V. WILDING.—SWALE V. WILDING. These cases were tried by a common jury, composed of the following gentlemen :—Messrs. H. Birch, (foreman), C. Ferguson, J. Dyson, J. Roser, A. Sweeney, J. McCleery, E. Tonkin, J. Male, Jabez White, E. Cochran, Martin, and J. Thorp. Both of these actions arose out of the Mo- ine fire, at which time it is alleged both Crouch and Swale suffered to a great extent through the Defendant's negligence in manag- ing a bush fire he had lighted. Damages were laid at £200 in each case. The Attorney General, instructed by Mr. Leake, Q.C., appeared for the Plaintiffs. The Defendant conducted his own case. The Attorney General briefly opened the case for the Plaint by stating that the Defend- ant had so behaved in saving his own property as to endanger that of others. He proposed to proceed with the two cases concurrently. Patrick Duffy—I am a groom. Remember the Mokine fire. Was in Mr. Wilding's service at the time. Saw Ward Swale there that morning. Recollect his going away with tanks. Heard alarm of fire. Went with the defendant and others to the scene of the fire. The witness became very uneasy and was evidently under the influence of liquor. His Honor having satisfied himself of the witness's condition directed an inquest to be held to ascertain whether he was in a fit state to give evidence or not. The Bailiff of the Court and a Police Constable being sworn, pronounced the witness to be drunk. His Honor then committed him for contempt of Court, ordering him to be locked up until the rising of the court. His Honor remarked that he never knew of such a disgraceful exhi- bition in the Court before, adding that a court of justice could not be kept free from the drinking habits of the place. Another witness being called the case was proceeded with. Henry Leeder—I remember the Mokine fire. Was away from home at the time. Had some conversation with the defendant after the fire. The witness then stated what Mr. Wilding had told him as to where the fire commenced. He blamed Barndon for lighting the fire. He told me that he took Chadbourne and Duffy and directed them to light a fire on the Mokine side of the road in the direction of Northam. He named the Eadine Bridge as the limit on Northam side, from 6 to 8 chains eastward of Lawnswood paddock, about 40 chains from the original fire. He told me he done it to protect Lawnswood. I told him that Lawns- wood did not want protecting, as there was a road between and the wind in his favor. Know Crouch's place and surrounding country. See no necessity for the defendant doing what he has done. Between Crouch's place and where the fire originated the country differs. The road runs just above Crouch's. Three gullies run across the road near Lawnswood paddock. If sufficient hands had been at the scene the gullies would have prevented the fire from spreading. No water was running in the gullies. Have bush-fires nearly every year ; find roads and gullies very useful in stopping their progress. I brought an action against Wilding. Heard Wilding say that when he first got to the fire it was about five yards square. He told me that it was blowing strong from the N.W. I know it blew hard where I was at Guildford. I knew Crouch's fence. Should say it was worth from 18s. to 20s. per chain. Cannot say anything as to value of wheat crop. The average price of wheat at that time was from 5s. to 6s. per bushel. I cannot say whether Crouch's property would have been burnt had Wilding not lighted the fire he did. Swail had two haystacks. I should say there were about 28 tons in both stacks. Hay was about £4 10s. per ton at that time. By the Defendant—We were on good terms before the Mokine fire. You told me that Chadbourne could not face the fire when you sent him to warn them at Mokine. Knew that two of your men and horses were in the direction of Mokine. You told me the instruc- tions you gave to Chadbourne were to save the horses and not mind the rushes. I cannot say what was the particular direction of the fire. I do not know of any ironstone hill that would form a barrier. I do not believe the fire travelled at the rate of a mile in ten minutes. I know the country is thick. You did not light the fire in a proper way. I think if you had not made a fire, the original fire would not have reached Crouch's so soon. There was no fireguard round Crouch's place. Although it is proper to have a fireguard I never had one round Mokine. I never had any but common fencing put up. I do not pretend to give a practical opinion as to the cost of fencing. James Crouch—I am Plaintiff. Am a farmer living near Lawnswood. I have lived there about 17 years. My block of land is on De- fendant's run. I was reaping wheat on the day of the fire. Pratt and my daughter were assisting me to reap. I had about four acres of wheat on my Tillage Lease. I had only reaped about an acre when the fire broke out. I left work to go to Byfield; it was about 10 o'clock. The others stopped at work. It was five minutes to 12 when I left dinner. When I came out I looked to see if any fires were about. I went back to Byfield and he called my attention to a small cloud of smoke. I judged it to be about a mile away, somewhere about the Eadine. There is a hill between me and the Eadine. I was on the Guildford side from where the road runs in. The old road runs through the middle of the land. Swail came along shortly after and I asked him if he had lighted the fire. I went to the fire across the bush, a distance of half a mile. I could hear it roaring. I then went down to my 100-acre block and found Pratt and daugh- ter at work. I could see but one fire. It did not appear to have reached the Northam side of Eadine Bridge, to the westward of Mokine. I put my wheat on the fallowed ground. A man named Playle came to me and from what he told me I went to my homestead. Very strong N.W. wind blowing. Playle helped me to put the fire out at my homestead. Next day I visited my 100-acre block and found greatest part of wheat and 50 chains of fencing burnt. I put up about 56 chains. It was in 1870 I commenced to put up the fence. Such a fence would cost about a £1 per chain. Part of the fence belonged to defendant. The portion belonging to me was worth £50. About two acres of wheat were burnt. I reckon the two acres would have yielded 20 bushels to the acre. About an acre of melons was also destroyed, also 70 acres of feed. I have had a few words with the Defendant since the fire. To fire the country the way the Defendant did would set the whole country in a blaze, and if he had not made a fire at all the original fire could have been put out by two or three hands. The road from Mokine to the main road leaves my block to the right. The fire that the defendant lighted was in a direct line for my place. The track on the Northam side of the Eadine Bridge I should have made use of to stop the fire. Had several years' experience in bush-fires. I cannot say how the fire crossed the road. I was trying to keep the fire back from the Mokine road when I left my homestead. It did not appear to be a continuous fire. By His Honor—I believe that the fire did not cross by its own influence, but that some one must have thrown it across from the direction in which the wind was blowing. My Tillage Lease might have been burnt whether Wilding had made a fire or not, if it had not been stopped. Bv the Defendant—I did accuse Swail of lighting the fire. I have no doubt it was the original fire. I was not aware you had sheep running at Mokine. I know you had a quan- tity of large stock there. The fire was at the "Basin" when I first saw it. I cannot say exactly when I first thought of seeing you. By the Attorney General—There is plenty of grass about the Eadyne, also between the; "Basin " and the Eadyne. By the Defendant—There is grass growing on the hill between Eadyne Bridge and the "Basin." Ward Swale—Reside at Juradine. Remem- ber the fire at Mokine. Was at Lawnswood on that day. Came up from Guildford. Can- not say what time it was when I left. When I got to Chimney Hut Gulley, Crouch and Byfield were there. If there had been any smoke about on my way down it would not have escaped my notice. They accused me of setting fire to the bush, and directed my atten- tion to smoke. Reached Juradine about dusk; found my stacks burnt down; they contained. from 26 to 30 tons of hay. Have bought hay at £5 per ton since the fire. Consider my garden worth £7 or £8, and some harness which was destroyed to be worth £4. Have lived about four years at Juradine. There was a very strong wind that day. I have had some experience at bush-fires. Cannot see that Lawnswood was in any danger. By the Defendant—You were at Lawnswood. when I came and left you there. I was mis- taken about the horse. Do not know why you made the fire. The original fire might have burnt my premises. Think it would. The Court was then adjourned until the fol- lowing morning. 