RURAL TOPICS AND EVENTS. Several colamiiB might easily be filled juat now with statements of the distress beginning to be felt, not only by live stock, bat by the population of certain localities, for want of water. The smoke of bush.fires obBcares the sun and represents it as a crimBon globe, bat no sign of rain is visible. The barometer has ranged unusually high, falling slightly only for a short time when the wind veers round towards the north. The creeks are becoming quite dry; it is said that at Gisbome the stream, which was never but once known to fail, has nearly ceased to maintain a current. Traffic, as has previously been stated, has been wholly discontinued on the rivers. The best weather news is the following: Messrs. King and Cuningham have re ceived the following telegram from their correspondent at Mitchell Downs, Queens land, under date February 5 :-" Have had splendid general rains; country looking like a wheat field." The harvest returns from Gipps Land are favourable, as also from some of the other districts in which harvest work is only just coming to an end. Tbe anxiety manifested by certain of the colonists in New South Wales and Victoria fcr a resumption of the importation of stock -especially of cattle-is indicative of a desire on the part of the advocates of that meaauce to engage in the business of importing, for on no other ground can their proposals be rationally explained. They persistently ignore the proved futility and utter useless nessof quarantine as a safeguard against the introduction of aphtha and rinderpest, and clamour loudly for the admission of foreign stock, which is not wanted, for the further improving of our herds. Those who are the most intimately acquainted with both the home and Australian cattle are of opinion tbat our general farm stock is quite equal to that of Great Britain. The records of the proceedings of agricultural societies to band by the mail are not calculated to raise tbe status of English shorthorn cattle in colonial eyeB. " The Royal Agricultural So ciety's committee, having recommended that tbe rule relating to the pedigreeof shorthorns be altered to read as follows" Every animal entered in the Bhorthorn classes must be certified by the exhibitor to b9 entered, or to be eligible to be entered, in Coatos's Herd Book," Mr. Stratton repeated his motion of last year for the abolition of the rule relating to the pedigrees of shorthorns exhibited at the society's country meetings, on the giound of its being inconsistent, bacause no buch rule existed in reference to other breeds, acd unjust, because tj insist on five crosses really meant tbat the herd must have been 12 jears in existence. Another member pro posed as an alteration, " to establish a separate claBS for female shorthorns not eligible to be entered in the Herd Book.'' These would, of course, be really cross bred beasts, and not Bhorthorns, and there were already classes for crossbreds, in which puch animals might compete. Colonel Kingscote would not know what to call a Bi ortborn if it were not eligible to be entered in the Herd Book. The point lies, however, in the fact elicited at meetings of the Short horn Society, as well as at those of the Royal Agricultural Society, of there being compara tively few shorthorns eligible for the Herd Book. It may be said with truth that the Becond and third class herds of this colony are as good in point of pedigree as those-of similar grade at home, whilst they are far more vigorous and healthy. We hope that tbe members of the West Bourke Society and of the National Agricultural Society, at the forthcoming meetings on the 10th and 12 ;h ins'ts. respectively, will take rational views of the subject to be discussed, and divest their minds of the hallucination that some mysterious excellence resides in cattle which bave been brought from England. The question of amalgamating the Balla rat, Talbot, Smeaton, and Clunes societies has again been raised, and the first-named society has appointed a committee to con sider it With regard to a request from the National Society for the opinion of the Bal larat Society on the importation, of stock from home during the prevailing disease there, it was decided that the secretary should write to all the known breeders in the district, asking them to forward their 1 opinions, and that a special meeting should i be called for the 17th inst., to consider tbem. Tbe Newstead and Castlemaine Agricul tural Societies, having amalgamated under ihe name of the Mount Alexander and Upper Loddon District Agricultural and Pastoral Association, will hold their first show at Newstead on Wednesday, March 7. The complete failure of the recent reaper and binder competitions justifies the sug gestion that ere another public trial takes place the competing machines Bhall have done satisfactory work in private for a con siderable time. There was no danger of the jury as constituted being led into a hurried decision; the interests entrusted to their cure were perfectly safe, but the time of be tween two and three hundred men of bapi- ] ness ought not to ba trifled with in such a manner. We have from time to time pub lished descriptions of self-binding reapers, from American sources, which lead to the inference of the problem which still puzzles our mechanics having been solved a long time ago in certain parts of the United States. We now again find that a recent number of St. Paul's Pioneer Press, from a former issue of which one of those reports was republished, con tains the following in relation to Mr. Dal rymple's great wheat farm in Pembina : - " The amount of ground sown to wheat this spring was 1.300 acres. Harvesting com menced on Monday with nine self binders. The machines are run 15 hours without rest, except the ordinary stops for oiling, lunch, and dinner, and the resnlt per day is 180 acres. One man is employed to each team, and 12 men follow the machines shocking tbe wheat aa soon as it is cut. The entire 1,300 acres were to be cut and shocked during the week; stacking and threshing will of course follow. Dalrymple is harvesting his crop for about one-fifth of the cost required under the system in vogue ten years ago. At the time harvesting commenced, it was estimated the yield per acre from the entire | tract would not be less than 20 bushels to the acre. Grasshoppers had done bat little damage; the excessive hot weather came too late to blast the crop, and everybody who saw the waving grain pronounced big wheat farming on the North Pacific a success. The farm on which this crop was grown consists of 30,000 acres, on which next season there will be sown to wheat 9,000 acres, the sod of it having been broken this season. Daring tbe breaking season Mr. Dalrymple had as high as 100 teams at work. The farrows turned were six miles long, and the teams make but two trips a day, travelling with each plough, to make the four furrows, 24 miles. The location of this farm ib IS miles west of Moorehead, Minnesota, in the pro posed new territory of Pembina, and this is not the only big farm in the vicinity, but is the ' boss' farm of a dozen or more luncing from 500 to several thousand acres." It was understood that instructions had been Eent hence to Mr. G. C. Levey to forward one of tbe American self-binding reapers at latest by the January mail vtd California, and it is much to be regretted that it has not come to hand. Private enterprise has, as nsual, out Btiipped the Government; let us hope that compensation will be found for the delay in the superior character of the machine the agent may have selected. It is useful sometimes to dive into the items which collectively are represented by a couple of lines, or by the bald statement of general average, which occupies even a smaller space. The full meaning of the telegram from Adelaide on the 29fch ult, viz., "It is feared that the general wheat average will not exceed five bushel?, leaving a surplus for export of about 70,000 tone," cannot be fairly understood without reference to the local i etump, of which a number are to be found in the columns of our contemporary tbe Observer. At Jamestown (northern area) the average is expected to be aboat seven or t ight bushels, some crops having yielded as high aB 20 bushels to the acre. At Koolunga tbe average is about two and a half to three buahela per acre. At Wasley's "the crops have not come up to expectations." At Wil mington things "are gloomy. The farmers wlo bad no crops last season in consequence of changing residences plumed themselves upon the anticipated yield this; but, alas, this year the crops generally in the North ! are a decided failure, and hope in the i coming season is all that is left to some, while others in whom this has almost died out look despairingly upon the little cash left them co struggle through the many months to come." At Mount Ryan East " nearly every paddock is light, ranging from a little over one bag to the acre to nearly four hags." At Yongala "the yield has been very slight. In some places the farmers will not get enough wheat to crop the same land again, and a good many have not the means wherewith to get more, as they had but a very inferior crop for the preceding year. However, they must hops for better times." At Terowie, January 29, harvesting is about finished, and there will be very little wheat for sale there this season, many of the farmers having scarcely enough for their own use. In the north and in the colony generally, excepting in specially favoured localities, rain is badly needed, but where a little has fallen ploughing has been commenced. The farmers who get the trivial returns of graia reported appear content to continue to euugde on in the same way. There must be many in the drier parts of South Australia to whom the lowest wages for labour must be wealth in comparison with their earnings vchen woiking for themselves. Independence of tee control of an employer must be very highly valued by these men. 