VICTORIA. EcHacA, Feb. 13. Last night we had a most welcome rain, though not sufficient to cause any flow of water. Gentle showers fell from 6 p.m. till past midnight. In the surrounding districts we hear of considerable downpours. It was so heavy in the neighborhood of Sandhurst that one of the culverts near the Racecourse was washed away, and all communication by rail between here and Sandhurst is completely cut off". A sad accident took place at 11 o'clock this morning at the'railway station here. A man named McCarthy, an employe on the railway, by some means slipped across the rails and the engine passed over him, cutting both his legs off above the ankle. A MOTHER AND SON KILLED BY LIGHT- NING. WEDDERBUSN, Feb. 15. A frightful tragedy occurred here this afternoon. Mrs Hickmott and her two sons were standing in the doorway of their house, a wood and bark erection, when they were struck by lightning during the storm, which broke with tropical violence over the town about six o'clock. Mrs Hickmott and her son Samuel, aged 20 were killed. James, the other son, was stunned, and his right side is paralysed. The medical men think he will survive. A man who was sitting at tea in the house was rendered insensible by the lightning When he came to he found Mrs Hickmott lying dead just inside her door, with aBt of ij her -dress on fire. Her eldest son was lying outside the door dead also. The Hickmott family are old and respected residents. INCENDIARISM IN THE WESETRN DISTRICT. KOROIT, Feb. 19. Ahïee men, named Patrick Joyce, Alfred Warburton, and Daniel Downev were arrested at Hawkesdale on Saturday night last, charged with unlawfully and maliciously setting fire to the stations of Messrs Samuel Baird(Kangatong), Phipps Turnbull (Oreenhilta), Stewart Bros. ^\arroii£), and also the property ,,t ti7'łi P''y> a selector. It is alleged that the prisoners were the persons who started the bush-fires which were raging in the district during the recent hot weather. Application was made fora detective to be sent down to enquire into the matter, but Senior-constable Gray, of ui obtained sufficient information to enable h.m to prefer a charge against the prisoners. A remand was applied for and granted, and t.lie prisoners will be brought up at Belfast Police Court on the Great credit is due to Seniorconstable Gray for his prompt action in tins matter, and a feeling of intense indignation is manifested by the people here against the culprits. The prisoner Downey was to have stood his trial at Hamilton tor horse-stealing, but was detained by the Koroit police on the charge of incendiarism. 