TIN MINING AT THE PALMER. ' l Palmer Chronicle.) The discovery of tin ore in .payable quantities,' is a snbject .preghant with the niost important issues to the Palmer, as a rich mineral producing district. It is now an established fact, that'stanniferous deposits exist throughout an extent of over sixty miles' on the eastern slope of the Granite .Range, commencing from the head of the creek of that name, and after many tortuous windings, finding an outlet northerly, near the Bound Moun tain. The specimens we have seen alter-, nate in appearance between the fine i-iiby stream till,' to he met with in the' neighbourhoods of Cemetery and Wylie Creeks, near Stontliorpe, and the more coarse or n'nggetty descriptions found at Bald Book, in the Tenterfield district. The average assay tests go to prove that ? they contains a percentage of from 75 to .80 of pure tin. We are indebted to the coprtesy of' a, gentleman upon whose veracity we can place . the most implicit reliance, and who visited tho locality a few days ago,- for the following informa tion : — A party of miners named White head' and Co. have taken up an area of ground ? under the goldfields. regulations, the leasing system not being permitted. They have already erected a substantial darn, preparatory to the setting in of . the rains, from whence they intend to flume heads of water for sluicing thn different faces of their work, and which -latter vary in depth from four to ten feet, with a good show of washdirt. The forma tion of the country has enabled them to cut a tail-race, with a fair average fall for carrying off their tailings. The pro spects are from two'and a-half to three pounds weigh t to the dish, and the ^gene ral yield may be gleaned from the fact tnat woraing as men uo in tnis tropical climate, six of them strip ground, and sluice and stream two tops of ore per week. , The carriage to Byerstowii ' is £12; and from thence to Cooktown £6 per ton. ' Notwithstanding this heavy item, and with other heavy drawbacks and disadvantages, these men have been making .wages for some months hack,'at the rate of five pounds- per week, per man. ' An nnfortnnate accident occnrred to tho party; last week, occasioned, through a bushfire; their new California pump; tools, and tent equipage, having been burnt. On a tributary of this creek another party of four have just commenced operations. - The ubq.ii tuons Chinaman has pnt in an appearance there, but is not Hkely to secure such a footing as. .he had on. the goldfield.' Taking it altogether the future of the new industry is most cheering,' and the pros pectors, Messrs. Whitehead arid -Co., deserve a substantial recognition from Government for' their energy'in making this disoovery. . i . 