ITEMS OF. NEWS. . " ; At the Police Court, yesterday, two drunk ards, .and a man Charged with ifa'sultingi be haviour, were cautioned and discharged.- Tlie attention of those ratepayers who have not paid . their rates for the past year is par- ticularly called to the advertisement ot ; Mr Greeribill, in another column, who .gives some valnable advice on that head. Some idea may be formed of trie extreme dryness of the preserit "sBasori from the fact that two extensivo bushfires were raging ia this neighbourhood on Sunday lqst,— one in . the direction of Baffold and tne other hear M tickle- ford. This is rather extraordinary considering the advanced season. The following accounts are lying at the Sub- treasury, Castlemaine : — Aitken, John ; Brown, T. L.; Blunt, Jesse; Uooper, G. (2); Dallas, A.; Dawson, A,.J,;- DAW'sbrif A/;' Foley, W.; Johns, J.; Jolley, G.; Monie, W.; Molloy, R.; M'Gratb, T.;,M'Lennan, D,; M'Gregor, W. R.; Rogers; J.; Weilarid, F.; Wheeler, J. J: arid E. At the meeting of the Mining Board yester- day, the protest lodged by Mr Graydon , against the election of Mr Baird for the Taradale division, was fully considered, and eventually thrown out, the Board unanimously declaring Mr Baird duly and legally elected. At the same time the Board fully exonerated the deputy returning officer, Mr Dorman, from the asper- sions and malpractices alleged against him by Mr Graydon. \- -It was rumoured ib town last bight that a fearful accident had occurred about half- past 4 o'clock at Echrioa, by whioh two men were killed outright and five more so seriously injured as to leave tittle hope of their recovery. It is stated thakone of the cylinders of tho new bridge across the Murray gave way, carrying with it a scaffolding on which'were a number of men, who were thereby precipitated into the river below. Five of the men were brought into Bbndigo by the train and taken at once to the hospital. In the absence of details, the report is given for what it is worth. , , mu:_ nrl T TLT _:it j.i; JLLIIO ovtiuiii|4 ULI j» fit A Dcuico win uoiivsr ft lecture at the Mechanics' Institute, on, Spiritual ism, his subject being " Spiritrial gifts, arid the uses and abuses bf mediu'mship." Mr Peebles is a lecturer of many years' experience iri America, having lectured in' thirty-two Stales of the American Union,' besides sojourning with Tudian'tribea bonneeted with amisBian'ffotn'the Government at Washington, He is an author of no mean ability, and his great work — " The Seers of the Ages," hhs reached its fourth edition; Mr Peebles lectured some years since in Castlemaine, bird bo doubt hit friCrida will rally rbund.him on' this occasion. // -- '/' Mr Brown, a cbrdihl man'Ufaoturer at'Mary- borbugh, lost one ;of his eyes ori Saturday even ing/through the bursting of ft bottle -of tonic beer. . . .. An acoiderit occriried on Friday might, result ing ia.; the .death of o man named. .Irwin, at GCelong. - At the iriquest it transpired that he had fallrin dilwn a ladder and fraoturfed liis skull. Au aboriginal girl; one of "th"ree left:in thri Yass district, died on Sunday ., last;- arid thri Courier states that the - two . remaining ones arb fast ruimrig their coustitritioris by, drinking bad liq'uor. The deceased belonged. tb lhe Queari- beyari tribe, and shesnffered mrioh airi'througti cold h'nd. its inbidental diseases. I A. resident of South Barwon named AV. T. Barr'aclbukh, a. woolsorler by ; trade,'; cnt bib throat on Sunday afternoon. He went into the house, o'aught hold a razor, rushed out in thb back yardj and then inflicted an ugly gash. Hib wife- noticing him, raised "an alarm, and the policb took the man into oustody, Thb man wab sufferibg from drink. ; One Martin Hannoh was atrested at Bnllati worth of buttrir from Corneliub Hashon. Thb court there only sits fortnightly, and as no re mand osn exceed eight days, Haunon Was re manded to Ballarat, snys the Star, for the 14th. At the City Court en Saturday he was again re manded to appear at Ballan bri the 17th inst. ThUB, for the miserable bum Of fourpence, thb prbsecutor (Hushon) has necessitated Hannon'e being Conveyed to Ballarat and back; and also being kept at the expense of the country fob qfeyen days. j Mr John M 'Donald, sawmill proprietor at Ross' Gap, iri the Grampians, informs the Plea sant Creek News that the noighbdurhriod. has been disturbed recently by the roaring of ' somb wild ariiinal. The rbarSare continued'rill flight, and triay He hoard a mile off. The' tricks of the mysterious beast have been met with, and are said to be like those of a Newfoundland dog, but far larger. Our contemporary adds :-j- "The theory at the Gap is that one of the lions must .have/eBcaped from Oqopor and Bailey's Menagerie,: and, the. loss woe never mentioned by the owners frbm fear of alarming the publia, 'and thereby injuring, their- business. Cannot some of our sportsmen go foHhand unearth this : ' roarer,' te determine at onob to what world ht bel'ongiJ"; ' i;'" " ;c"i jr ' Mr Casey addressed a crowded riudibnei rit Kerang, on Saturday night. '-He ritet i with -an enthusiastio reception, and obtained a uriribimqfis fote of confidence. »7: . At a meeting of the MelbolirtiO MaatCr Bakers'' Association, held on Saturday evening, it was resolved to reduce the price of bread from 81 to 7d the 41b loaf. " ' - v ' The, yield of gold for the week' at Sandhurst ariiounts to about 2,CK)0oz. In calls L460"has been made, against LI, 771" 17s divlderids de clared, leaving a balance in favour of dividends of LI, 321 17s. The Ballarat Conner understands that three selections of 320 acreB each have been taken up pear Blakevilie, notwithstanding that the land is'koowri by the Government to be /-auriferorii. Two' fueC tiriga, rino at'BiUau, and "the"' other "at Blackwood, have already beeri held' to condemn the granting of these areas. . From official compilations made'/ It. appears that. 74, 775 trins of qnartz have been crushed during the past three months ehding Slst March, at Sandhurst; for a yield of- S5,908 6z. 16dwt. 10 gf., or equal to An average ' yield bf 0 dwt, 1450 gr. per ton; for the sairie period '015 tons of pyrites have been treated fhr 1682 /hz. ,8 dwt. 5 gr. of gold; or,; an average ofl-oZ. 16 dwt. 1785 gr. per ton. While it is to be regretted/ Bays the Sydney- Mornihg Herald, that Vietdriri has hot appoin ted: commissioners on her behalf at our exhibition, that chloriy is netertlleless Well rriprrisoilted by the exhibits of Messrs M'Douga1l,.Buncle, Len- noD, Stokes, Ganrit arid several other gentlemen: from Melbourne, who have come to -Sydney with a large and interesting display of Victorian; (gOOuoj & D0UC6 Ol WnlCQ will OO git 6u lit QUO course under the heads of the several sections in which these objects appear. There has been considerable, anxiety /tnaui- festbd over the fate of the ship Cario, now over, 160 days out from London. She was freighted with a large and miscellaneous cargo, and had several passengers on board. About (he middle ofelqst December/remarka , the. Telegraph, Abe -was spoken crossing the line, but since then nothiDg has been heard of, her, and the worst; feara are entertained1 for herisatety, more par ticularly as it is beileved she had a large quantity ofexploaive; compounds on Jioard. Jtshodld, however,'" be "mentioned that several vessels have turned up after, long passages. On Saturday morning, says the Argils, a war-' der was, sen t from the Pen trid ge tpckadetp'jh e Melbourne Gaol to briog out Gaieiy, the fiagel- lator, to. flog two > prisoners, darned Philip Mahori,- who was sentenced for an tihhatural of fence to five years hard -labour and three flog-; gings of 20 -lasheS each/ arid Samuel Watson, who. had been sentonced to fonr years' hacd.:la- borir and three iloggings.of 24. lashes, for.n at tempt, to commit a /capital assault ou a-ohild. Mahon was ;the: first to receive pnnishment. .Gat'ely: wielded the lath with great force; but the prisoner bore the punishment without 'ap- pearing to suffer, much pain. ---Samuel; Watson: was noxt placed on the triangles. Heireoeived; 24 laahss; arid from the appearahce of hib back the; punishment. was very severe. ,.! "Atticus," .iri, The, Leader, says,:— /The "Governor-lri-Couricil has given one of the most: unanswerable arguments that can be brought' mrWflra in RimnnrfcnF& Drnorpaaiua land for '< Sharks in the bay are nuisances 'that mrist bo abated/ The larger they are the" mote they re-, quire to be kept down ;' arid so a scale of. pay ments is advertised for their capture, increasing, gradually with the sitie of 'the fish, till a pro-: hibitory limit' is reached, beyond" which a monster of .the deep cannot live in anything like pence. The public simply desire to see the same: rule applied to land sharks that the Governor-in- Council has thought fit at this pkrtiCrilar jane-, ture to apply, to sea sharks. - Tax. the- small' land, shark gently— he cannot, do .mnch harm. Put a good ronrid sum on him when h'e is big enough to swallow up the farms arid selections: in his. neighburhood— ho is then getting dfingef-. oils. But when he becomes an overgrown monster that will suffer nothing to live within milesof him f-burst him up !" ; .. X The correspondent of the Aj»C writes lAThe Albury Circnit Court opened on Monday; befote his Honour, Judge Hargrave. .. .Several oriminal cases were dealt with, but the one causinglhe greatest amount of_interest was the charge of attempted murder. brought.- against an elderly man named William Jones, It seems that the prisoner, who had hitherto borne a good charac ter/hid become "suspicious "of his wife's fidelity, owing to the frequent visits to the house in his absence of a man named Wright. He had cau tioned Wright not to continue these visits," arid hearing; hehad. disregarded- the -Warning lie armed himself with a gun onq evening and went' to. his., wife's house, for they were iiving-apart.i The occupants of the. -house, his wife and daughter, the latter a girl of eighteen, seeing him approach with the gun, anticipated eVil re-' suits, and shut and locked the door. The niau1 »» rigur; wno was aiso insiae, took refuge'up the chimney.. The .infuriated 'husbabd' then" fifed! through, the door, ahd- the bullet passed'thrritfgh' the right -wrist and the -left elbows-rip /his daughter; -The door WaS then "ripehrid. S/ria a' tcriirimage ' ensued, the husband wlsliing /tri shoot 'his -'wife, hut was prevented frorii accom-: plisliitig his ribjeot, ,by the /oburago' ol '. the daughter, /who, 'though. severely wounded;; feso- lnlely/Zplaqed herself; in front ;pfVhori mother A'; ibis .juncture. , Wright, /mustering ' up. ilia courage, "descended-from the chimney, - knocked Jones:dowD, and broke the gun. Prisoner wa? aubsoquently given in charge, and the/Wdnnded girl placed, under medical attendance; /The juryj after considering for some time, rotnrriod a ver dict to-the effect thas prisoner "Was guilty .of tin lawful .assault.' ' Sis HonOnr, taking ;inid tori sideratibri' the_ provocation' Joriea'had-received; Jj!jlicted_thJjght_flentence_ofXgix-m'onthil imL prisonment in Albury gaol. -j | 'A ferrible dfay iceiderit aiGoulbttrril(NlS. W. j ia reported by-tho SonthefhjAtfeus : — "jAn int quest; was.held at:-.Goulbura on Monday, April 0, j on the body of .Fraricbk Willis,' whb died from/irijuriea received :.while;.ridirig on-h dray Tlie partibnlawrif 'the frightful Occurrence werb given by "a witness named .Wiiiiam Jobsdn, wbb stated that;ririSatritday .evening ahori 1 8 O'clock, trom something told him bjA rilatilservfant, hb' wenty witKI hiriii iMjfl tho : Sydue-wai, and abbut oO yards beyond his house he fpund! a dray on'- thb' Toad with- a' womah fast iffi t'naiwheel. She wasj'hanging with both legs -botWabn the guard-iron apd the Wheel. She hadher tenses, and said,4 Gribu; ge.htlemen","rh'elp" We", j They trifed to_got_ Vwlieel nffj 'b'utcmiMbt, nob .could'they'roloase deceased. 'It wasVery. dark' and witness had to send home for a lamp and an axe. Ultimately they bad to break the liriohi- pin and break the nave of the wheel with life axe. They then took the wheel off and placed deee'rised in the dray, until they got' Mr Jobso'n's spriiig-'cart, in which deceased /was- Sent 'to Abe Goulburn Hospital,; Her log was broken', and from tho hip down greatly Bruised with , thb wheel. , She mado no statement. . From the state she. was in. from' her-, injuries nitnoss could not well say .whether.she .was under the influence of .liquor,. though, he :ahould say ehe;had!ilihd something to drink. Next morning- he followed the trsbhs Of thtf dray back, arid ' ab6bt three- quhrtfera' of 'a mile from Kis pla'ca'iieafer Gbilti burn forihd 'dk- ops 'bf blood ' briV roafl ''febtali Fburid'alsb five.or six pie'eos bf bone, from half an inqh to tW6 inches long (bones produced) 1 neafer to'.' witness's" house .fourid a prirso "arid some money ; also Saw that for about 60'yards the wheel biid been locked, and the. dray gone on without the .wheel revolving ; the wheel .must .have been .locked by deceased's leg oud clothes. The injuries were thus desoribed by Dr Davidson.: 'Her loft leg ahd tho knee- joint were completely /Smashed' up, the' bones 'pro truding to the oxtbnt ; bf "18 inohos, and the musoles,1 vessels/ and nerves expoSed, tbbri; tirid lacerated,.: She/ Ira's: almost pnlselesi and ex blurted froin"ib#veho6ki"' V' j. Tliefe is a Chinaman, says tha> Ballarat Star, named AbiLurig in the- Hospital, who havrng 'been/.ddihittcd originally : with Abroken leg, has manSgod in Variolis - ways rinco to break it again "sriV6fal tilHei. THe laat time tho un healed wonnd gave way AhJbWng. was engaged in putting on a stocking, amL-it ia hinted that the mafi does It on purpose to loaf on the inatitution. A splendid sample of lead was brought to Ballarat the other day, says the Post, by Mr Woolcott. The ore waa. obtained in the old Perseverance ' claim' at Peroydale; near Avoca, and is of .the purest type, and to be. fonnd,in Such qnarilitiee as to ensure a fair prospect_of another industry -ifori-Yictoria's ;future. The leadofe runa with the gold-bearing .quarUand in getting out the latter, which carries 8dwt to ,the ton, the.former must . ba . removed.- . .The marketable value will probably be from.LU to L12 per ton. . / . /. - ' On Saturday We (Bendigo Advertiser) were shown by Air Fox, vigneron, of Emu Creek, a bratibh "of fed Maderia vine grown in his vine yard, frolriJwlii6h'wii4 pendant two buriohes Of grapes, the one being red and tho othen white Maderia. '" Such an -extraordinary "freak ' of nature has never before, come under our notice, ,as. the growth ie perfeotiy natural, and not, the result of either grafting or. buddmg.j Last winter Mr Fox pruned , back this shoot to two eyes, and' this Season each, bud of the. spur has produced different coloured fruit of the same variety.- "Tt appears that this vine is the end one of a -row of red Maderias, and upon the other side of it are white Maderias, - and that it waslhe'btidon the latter side, of the1 spur that produced the white grapes. The only . solution of tho problom that can be arrived. an . oy ino grower is that tho white vines roots havri inocu- ' lated the root that fed that bud. The Pleasant Creek News writes the follow ing about the p'ulsometer pump patented by Mr; 0\. E. Clarke:- — "The pulsometer pump we lately noticed on-.one-or more trial. occasions, j at the , St. George Crushing Works, was yester- j day' placed in its intended permanent position: behind! ' the. works, and at the end of a drive some, 600 feet in length, leading from the dam. ' It has" hot been . found necessary yet to tap the: dam, ris a heavy drift at the depth of a few feet, give(5"Kbnhdant supply of water at present. It . -took- only-a-few— hours to-placa-the pump in .its now position, and, it works admirably. The; capacity, : simplicity / and savittg-of these punips, in onr opinibn, render them' moat valnable for. the 'Working of wet alluvial diggings,- where other pii'mping machinery would be tori costly in| tho original pnrcbale, arid continuously so in, erection, maintenance, and repairs ; or in smal ler and poorer" claims where half the time and: labour are rif ten lost with whim; whip", or wind- , laoB buckets. Although its capacity of pumping is up to 7800 Imperial gallons per hour, yet :tbi3Khowar no.appreciable difference of consump tion "of either fuel or steam over what -is ordi narily used in /the work of the stationary ma- ohiriery -for -crushing. ; -The -water is -pumped from a depth of 30 feet, with a pressure equal- to doable that height. The length of steam: piping from the boilor is 179 feqt." 