SELLING BEER ON SUNDAY. In the City Court, Tuesday, Mrs. M. Stobie, the landlady of the Australian hotel, Little Bourke street, was charged, under the New Publicans Act, with having sold beer on tho 14th inst. to a little girl named Anne Doolant she aot being a lodger in the defendant's hotel. The information was laid by Inspector Ryall. The girl, Anne Doolan, deposed that about dinner time on Sunday, the 14th inst., she saw Constable Colleton outside of the Australian hotel, Little Bourke street. At that time wit ness had two -pence worth of beer in a bottle, she having just purchased it in the hotel. Miss Davis, the defendant's adopted daughter, served her with the beer. When askedi f she had any questions to ask witness, defendant admitted that her adopted daughter had sold the beer, and that she was responsible. Evidence was given by Constable Colleton that he s aw a number of other people, as well as the little girl coming out of the hotel with jugs and bottles in their hands. The defendant asked to be informed of the name of the person who directed the attention of the police to the house, but Inspector Ryall refused to satisfy her. Mr. Call, in delivering judgment, said' that the defendant having admitted selling the liquor, the point similar to that discussed in another case a few days ago did not arise. As this did not appear to be an aggravated case, he would inflict a fine of £2. The reserve surrounding Kirk's dam had a narrow escape from being the scene of a huge bushfire on Sunday afternoon (says the BaUarat Courier.) By some means, which cannot be ascertained, the grass on a piece of land facing the Upper Gong Gong works, and belonging to the water commission, took fire. The men residing on the spot, and in the employment of Messrs. Young and M'Guigan, turned out with horses and drays, and carted laige quantities of water to the spot, and by their promptitude and exertions quickly put a stop to the progress o£ the fire. Only for their activity he flames would soon have proved uncontrol 1 ' e, in which case the whole of the magnified, a plantation of English trees along the margin of Kirk's darn must have been utterly destroyed. 