>im - - - - . .. — — ... \ uawAt ipovnZy.-- y , ; £6r Elkjieio TWORAI f1 traox siiapoBm.) ? i - ' " ;BELAST, T'eh. 0. vTfae. meefriDfi ,ot tae /DaadM apd yillien Wy AsracUtaua field; tb jd in grMt eaco .'TJie Megatsw iMsemliled at ooen at toe Mfeibaoiai' ItiBti. tote, Councillor WjebM.-Sfastj,; in toe toair, and.,toa.ilpUo»iflB',beiug preteeV:— jWjairaambIHfeirJtlrrmFr (mayor); Cra- King andC Brien. and Mr. Beidmwu dak) ; Wsrroauibo-1 Shire— Mr. -" Hood - (president), Cra. Bromfield and Lindsay, end DAria (iiecretarv) i Belfast Borough . Sm. Brace and Webb, apd Mr;Mandev.He i-olerklsifBe'lfsst Sbire-Mr. Meagher (preaid&t;) feiid to. Howee (recret«y) ; Koroit I1 ; Borough — &b.; Hood and Brace; ML Store— &B.; Aipnoder »od M«o- rtbWd3to.S'i.baU«riiretory) .;Dnn- "daa 8bire— Mr. Walpole (secretary) ; Hamil ton Borough— Mr. Bree (mayor) and Cr. Jacoby ; Port Fairy Railway Leagge— flaynea and Woods ; Hamilton Bail- -wav , Lbagu-rHF, jt.Mott.; -An epoly item dImIs for 'Minhftmite "Shire, on the ground that bushfires prevented any attend- anea _ . _ \- 'TtweKproposed by-Mr. Cramer, seconded by Mr. Meagher, and carried unanimously. That each body represented at tbe meeting have one vote, no matter bow many delegates toey-had eent. - Proposed by Mr. Cramer, seconded by Mr. Bra oe, That this meeting Ipledges itself to support the original ecbeme of railway oop- strootion — namely, W arrnambool to Koroit, 'Belfast to Koroit, and Koroit to Hamilton. a t. amendment was moved by Mr. Haynes and . seconded by Mr. Brace, pledging the Association to united action, no as to secure ; tost railway works should be commenced simultaneously both from Warroambool aud Belfast, Mr. Cramer pointed out that this would prevent tbe Association accepting any portion of toe line that might be propoeed by tbe Government, and that it would be hard to deny the rights of all the other towns because one happened to be dissatisfied. Mr. Brace, of Belfast, said they must go in for the whole scheme; aod if they could not get it, then they could consider what they would be content with, Mr. Haynes thought that unless they could get the whole eoheme, they should not accept Mr. Bromfield advocated unanimity, aud aaiil that Warrnambool never need the slight est influence to prevent Belfast getting what it wanted. Mr. Lindsay said toe great object was to get tbe line up tbe country, and the" people of the Interior should not lose it because of : any dispute between the coast towns. - Mr. Hood Advocated leaving the Govern ment to make what portion they thought best. Mr, Bruce, of Belfast, said that unless the lines were made simultaneously, Belfast. fawda would begone before the next Railway Bill came to be introduced. .Mr. Bruoe, of Koroit, thought it wrong to sacrifice everything to the chance of the Government proposing both branches. To satisfy Mm tbsy must have all or none — less would be unwise. .Mr. Bran suggested that to secure unani mity they should advooste tbe railway being mads from Hamilton to Koroit in the first instanoa Mr. King said perhaps that portion would not pay ao well. as the other, and perhaps a new Government might oome into power that would give preoedenoe to Belfast. Ma Msckiehan suggested going for the whole line, leaving the Government to com-' meeoe either, from Hamilton downwards, or from Warrnambool, Belfast, and Koroit up wards. ' . Mr. Bromfield thought it more impotent to make toe line from Hamilton to Koroit; than from the ports upwards. The bnlk of the Koroit produce would fetill come by drays to the ports aa tbe distanoa was short, and the fanners having onoe got "it on their drays would osrry it through. 'The question was then put, when toe am«"d meat wis supported only by tiie three local bodies representing. Belfast, apd the motion was carried by the votes of toe rest. ! Froposed by Mr. Msokieban, seconded -fay Mr. O'Bbsd, That in the eveotof the Govern ment of toe day not agreeing to introduoe in the Construction Bill tbe whole scheme from the Porta to Hamilton, toe "League pledgee itself immediately to convene a meeting ef toe Associated Local Bodies, to consider what steps ate to be taken thereupon.— Carried i unanimously. Proposed by Mr. Cramer, eeoonded by Mr. Jacoby, That each local body be requested to vote £2 towards the expenses-i-Camed on- animouily. Proposed by Mr. Mott, seconded by Mr. Bromfield, and. carried unanimously. That with regard to thefoiore extension of the Warr nambool, Belfast, snd Hamilton Railway, this meeting isofopiixionthfetinorderto prevent toe Ions of thetrsde of the colony of Victoria by means.of the Narracoorte andKingstoo railway, it is incumbent upon toe Governmentto forma railway from Hamilton,, via Coleraine, Nareeu, Chstwynd, and Bdeuhope, to Ape- ley ; tbe line to Casterton to branch' off at Coleraina . It was then proposedby Mr. Bree, seconded by Mr. Walpole, That the principle be ing now generally recognised that cheap railways 4tre in the end more economical than macadamised roads ; and the effect of the ohesp railways recently made being to diminish -the loss upon toe older and more expensively- constructed lines, this Associa tion is of opinion that the railway system of the oolony should be completed as soon as possible. Farther, that the earn of £1,300,000 now fevulsble for railway extension befog quite inadequate, especially since the neces sity fr finding additional funds to bring toe Gippsland line into Melbourne, the Govern-, meat be urged to borrow an additional aum of money for toe purpose of railway exten sion. — Carried onauimouBly. Proposed by Mr. King, seconded by Mr. Mott, and carried unanimously, That a circu lar embodying tbe resolutions passed at this meeting qe addressed to aU local bodies in tbe Western district, sod to all members of the new Parliament, requesting their co operation. Proposed by Mr. Walpole, seconded by Mr. Hood, end oarriednuaoimously, That the support of thu legal bodies interested in the extension of the line from Hamilton to Apeley be invited. Proposed by Mr. Cramer, seconded by Mr. Hood, and carried unanimously, That imme diately after tbe "Parliamentary elections toe secretary convene another meeting of this assoafotion, to be held at Hamilton, for the purpose -qF FranguigfoF deputafon'to lld- bonrap, - ' ' Tbe meeting then adjourned, with a vote of toanks to .toe Chairman. The proceedings were oyer at fonr o'clock, after which Messre. Grant and Co, took the delegate a-tripvound the harbour work and bay with their tag-steamer. j At seven o'clock ia dinner was given to toe delegates at the Star of the West Hotel. 