¡NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT. (From Oit S. if. Herald.) Tuesday, February 13, 1877. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. QUESTIONS. In answer to questions, Mr. STUABT said that the amount of duties col- lected last year at Albury waB £29,823 18s 2d ; at Corowa, £ 10 578 14s Id, and at Moama, £50,403 7s 9d. Tho amount of duties paid on goods taken out of bond last year was-at Wagga Wagga, £1929 19s; Hay (from December 7), £542 8ä 6d; and Deniliquin (from September 5), £4837 17s lid. Mr. ROBRRTSON said that the number of cases heard at the West Maitland Court ot Petty Sessions for the six months ending December, 1876, was 324 Mr. BUBNS said that duections had been given to call for tenders for a post and telegraph office at Singleton, in accordance with the plans prepared by the Colonial Architect. Mr. BoBEnTbON said that the number of Denomi- national schools under the Couucil ot education at which tbe average attendance for 1870 was below thirty, was fourteen. They were situated at Canter- bury, Foxground, Irishtown, The Oakes, Wollon- gong, Cabramatta (2), Nelson, Mittagong, Ulladulla, Carr's Creek, Ulmarra, CHU bel ni, and Jugiong. Mr. ROBKRTSON said that the conditional purchase of G Gregorj, 100 acres at Deep Creek, Narrabri, made January 13, 1876, wus duly measured on December 16 last. A letter was received from the conditional purchaser on the 22nd ultimo, stating that he was not satisfied as to the measurement, but there is nothing to show that any modification was called for. Mi ROBKBTSOV said that Mr Lord, Inspector of Conditioral Purchases, should bo now in his distnet attending to his duties. If he was not he was absent without leave Ile was allowed a few days' leave at Christmas, whicn was afterwards extended for private famil} reasons, but no official communi- cation has been received from him since he was on the 17th ultimo required to state the period of his abeence, and whether he had resumed his d uties. No reply having been received to tins inquiry, the matter was being further dealt with. Mr. ROBERTSON said that James Butler applied for a Toad from his conditional puichase made last 1 j ear ut Singleton through Mr B Richards's pur- chased land to the main road. One other person lind selected in the same locality. It was reported that they had no access to their land exctpt through Kichards's land. The matter was being dealt with Mr. ROBERTSON said that returns Laving reference to reserves on the Dangar, Brothers' runs would be laid on the table in the course ot the present week, Mr BUBNS said that a telegraph office would be established at Quirindi on the extension of tbe wire to that place Several other questions were also answered. RETURNS. Ministers laid upon the table the following docu- ments, viz -Return to order in reference to Public school buildings and Denominational schuols, und correspondence, Lo, respecting increaseJ price of meat paid to Mr. Charles Kidman on his contracts with the Government. Ordered to be printed. MACQUABIK COAL CO's Bil L Mr. DBIVI-B broucht up the report of the Select Committee on the Macquarie Co«l Company's Rail- way bill. The bill was then read a first time Mr FnzPATBiCK presented a petition from the Directors of the New Wallsend Coal Mining Com- pany prajmg for leave to be beard b> counne before tbe Select Committee now sitting on the Macquarie Coal Companj's Railway Bul. BAILWAY TO GUNNEDAH. Mr. T. G DANGAR presented a petition signed by 1138 residents of Gunnedah and neighbourhood, praying that the railway from Weinss Creek might be taken through the town of Gunnedah. Ina petition was received. DISEASES IN SHEEP ACT. Mr J. S. SMITH brought m a bill to amend the " Disease* in Sheep Aot ot 1866 " The bill was read a first time, and the second read- ing fixed for Friday. PRIVATE BILL. The Bassett-Darley Entâtes Bill was read a third time, passed, and transmitted to the Legislative Coun- cil for its concurrence PAIRING OFF. Mr. H H BROWN entered into an explanation re- lative to a pair which he had made with Mr. Hurley (Hartley) upon Mr. Piddington's motion of censure Notwithstanding the pair, he was surprised to find that Mr Hurley had voted. He thought that that honorable member wab much to blame for having broken faith. Mr. HURLEY explained what had taken place when I he had paired off with Mr Brown. Nothing WBB at ' that time known about Mr. Piddington's motion He denied that he had broken faith. The only pair that he hud made was with reference to bills intro- duced by the Government. He moved the adjourn- ment of the House. After a discussion, in which Mr. BUCHANAN, Mr. DATIFS, Mr M'ELHONF. Mr. ROBERTSON, Mr FOBS TER, MR. W. C BROWNE, Mr. TAYLOB, Mr. COHEN, and Mr. LACKKY took part, and during the course of which several matters were introduced, the motion for adjournment was negatived. SEWPBAQX OF 8YDNK1. Mr. SUTHERLAND moved,-" That the House will, on Friday, the 16th March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, for the purposj of consi- dering of an address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be placed on an Additional Estimate for 1877, a sum not exceeding £30,000, for the construction of pub he Bewers for the sewerage of that portion of the city of Sydney, boroughs of Redfern and Waterloo, and for other purposes, recommended by the Sydney City and Suburban Sewage and Health Board, and to be approved by the Government; and any money paid for land or houses out of this sam, or tor experimenting for deodorising the sewage matter, to be paid by the Government; and all sum» paid for the construction of sewers to be charged to the Councils m proportion to the benefits conferred on each Council by such expenditure ; and if any dispute arise us to the proportion to be paid by each Council, the amount to be ascertained by arbitration-one arbitrator to be appointed by each Council, and an umpire by the Government. So soon as the proper sums are ascer- tained such sum to be charged to each Council as a loan, and repaid by yearly instal nents, at the same rate that may bs approved by Parliament tor loans to these Councils, under the provisions of the amended Municipalities Bill now before Parliament " After a short debate, the motion wus agreed to on division by 27 to 2. QOVEBNMBNT CONTRACTS. Mr M'ELHONE moved,- "Tint, in the opinion of the House, the present and late Colonial Treasurers acted illegally in allowing Mr Kidman and other Government contractors to be piud a higher price for the meat supplied by them to Government institu- tions than the price they contracted to supply at, and th.it in luture no contractors should be paid anything over their contract price." It was u mon- strous thing tim' Mr. Kidman should receive money to which he had neither a moral nor legal claim His sub-contractors, who really supplied the meat, had not received unv portion of the extra price which Mr Kidman had obtained from the Government. If tresh tenders had been called for, Government co'ild have cot moat at a price equal to or even less than that at which it was supplied bj Mr Kidman The Government had no right to pay this increased price to Mr Kidman, or to any one else, without having first obtumel the sanction oí the Hous*. Mr. STUART explained the circumstances under which the Government b.id paid to Mi Kidman a higher price toi the meat supplied by him than that contracted for The Government knew nothing about Mr Kidman's arrangements with the sub-con tractort, and they had paid the former before anj applications for an increase of price had been íeceived troni the sub-contractors List year meat hud risen to an unprecedentodly high price Under ordinary cn cn instances no allowance would be made to the contr ctors on this account, but the Govern- ment had saved many thousands of pounds by the course they had taken Other contractors who were in the sime position as Mr Kidman had had the same privilege extended to tbem With regard to the constitutional question of p i> ing awaj mone\ without the sanction of the House, he pointed out that the House knew nothing wh itever of thB contracts entered into. The money m question was voted by the Hou=e in a lump sum, leaving it to the Government to make such contracts as were aeceswry for carrying on the public aervwe, Tua contracta in all cases had been made within the I amounts voted by the" House. | Mr. PARKES, referring to that part of the resolu- tion which oondemned the late Government, said that it had been clearly shown at the time that the Government would lose very considerably if they did not make to Mr. Kidman the concession which had been complained of. The late Government had acted both wwely and economically und«r the cir- cumstances. To pass the resolution now before them would be a pernicious interference with the functions of the Executive. It would be placing Parliament in a false position, and would prevent Ministers from exer- cising a wise discretion in coses of emergency. Cases would arise continually in all time to come, when Governments would have to consider whether or not they ought to make to contractors concessions such as had buen made to Mr. Kidman and others. The interests of the public might suffer very materially if the Government had not power to make such concessions. Mr. FITZPATRICK, while not agreeing altogether with the wording of the resolution, thought that the system which it condemned was liable to lead to all sorts of fraud and corruption. The mutuality of contracts between the Government and others ought to be maintained, or the public would be the suffer- ers. While saying this, he did not impute any im- proper motives to either the present or the late Go- vernment in the action they had taken. Mr. DIBBS concurred to a great extent with the opinions expressed by the last speaker. He moved the omission of the word "illegally " in the resolu- tion, with the 'iew of inserting the word "im- properly." Mr. PIDDINGTON said that he subscribed more to the doctrines enunciated by the member for Yass Plains (Mr. Fitzpatrick) than to those held by the member for Sydney (Mr. Parkes). Although he believed that both the present and late Governments had acted with the best of motives in their action with respect to Mr. Kidman's contract, still he did not think that the House should justify it, as it was calculated to lead to great abuses. He felt bound to vote for the resolution as proposed to be amended, Mr. ROBERTSON said that the deliverance of the hon. member (Mr. Piddington) was the most out- rageous they had ever heard in that House. He was going to censure the late Government for something they had done while he (Mr. Piddington) was Trea- surer, and while his colleagues were, during his ab- sence from ill-liealtji, doing the work for which he had received the pay. The whole question was, could the Government have obtained the supplies at a cheaper rate than they had obtained them from Mr. Kidman ? They couid not, and therefore both the present and lito Governments were justified in the action they had taken, Mr. Kidman could have terminated his contract at any time by giving three months' notice, and what the Government had done was unquestionably in the interests of the public. After further debate, in which Mr. BUCHANAV, Mr. H. C DANGAB, Mr. MACINTOSH, Mr. CAMBROON, Mr. DAVIES, and Mr, F. B SUTTOR took part. Mr. Dibbs* amendment was agreed to, and the motion as amended was then put and carried on division by 19 to 16. The announcement of the result was received with' loud cheers by the ayes. SMALL POX-COMPULSORY TREATMENT. Mr. BUCHANAN moved.-" 1 That, in the opinion of the Huubd, uuy perron seized with small-pox shall be allowed to remain at his or her own hume, there to be nursed and »ttended by his or her own rela- tion», instead ot bmug removed to same hospital ship or quarantine ground, where relatives cannot visit them, and will not be allowed even to attend their funeral in the event of death. 2, That the tak- ing away of young children, and even grown-up per- sons, seized with small-pox from the comforts of their home and loving care and attention of their relatives, and carrying them off to hospital-ships among strangers, where their relatives cannot be there to soothe their last moments in the event of death, is an outrageous act of barbarous and wanton cruelty, and calculated of itself to kill many a poor victim so treated. 3. That the removing of people from their homes under any visitation of small-pox, or other infectious dis- ease, had never been attempted in the mother coun- try or any European city, and thould not be tolera- ted here." The hon. member supported the resolu- tions in a speech of some length. Mr. ROBERTSON did not see any necessity for passing the resolutions, as none of the things which it was sought to prevent by them bad boen done. It would be very unwise to pass the resolutions, as there was no danger of any Government acting in a manner that was not likely to be for the public interest. He moved the previous question. i After some observations from Mr. SUTHERLAND ' and Mr. DIBBS, the previous question was negatived by l8 to 12, and the resolutions were consequently not put. BONUS OR GnATUITY TO CIVIL SERVANTS. Mr. TAYLOR moved,-"That the House will, on Friday, the 16th March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, to consider of an address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause (regard being had as well to the privations which in the years 1871 and 1872 were borne by all classes of public servant» through the reduction of their rates cf pay, as also to the present prosperous state of the public revenue) provision to be made on the Additional Estimates for the year 1877 for the payment of a bonus or gratuity to the Civil servants, members of the Police Fore», and workmen under the Govern- ment ; such bonus or gratuities to be for each public serv»nt of whatever grade, equal in amount to the loss which be sustained by reason of the general re- duction of salaries and wages in the years above referred to " The motion was carried on division by l8 to 10. DRAFTING BILLS. Mr. COHEN moved,-" That there be laid upon the table of this House, a return showing-1. The title of the bills drafted at the request or expense of the Government since January 1st, 1875, by gentleman other than the permanent Parliamentary draftsman, 2\. The names of the gentlemen who drafted each bill 3. The fee paid, or agreed to be paid, for draft- ing each bill." Agreed to. The House adjourned at twenty-nine minutes past 11 p.m. _^_ A THREATENED DROUGHT IN VICTORIA,-Since the following was written for the Melbourne Austra- lasian, on Wednesday, Feb. 7, the news has reached us by telegram that extensive rains bad fallen in. Victoria. If this is confirmed, a portion of the foi lowing gloomy anticipations of the Australasian will not be realised, we may hope :-'' Several columns might easily be filled just now with state- ments of the distress beginning to be felt, not only by live stock, but by the population of certain localities, for want of water. The smoke of bush fires ob <cures the sun, and represents it as a crimson globe, but no sign of rain is visible. The barometer has ranged unusuilly high, falling slightly only for a short time when the wind veers round towards the north. The creeks are becoming quite dry ; it is said that at Gisborne the stream, which was never but once known to fail, has nearly ceased to maintain a current. Traffic, as has pre- viously been stated, has been wholly discontinued on the rivers. The best weather news is the follow- ing :-Messrs. King and Cuningham have received the following telegram from their correspondent at Mitchell Downs, Queensland, under date Fpbruary 5 : -" Have had splendid general rains : country look- ing like a wheat field." The harvest returns from Gipps Land are favourable, as also from some of the other districts iu which harvest work is only just coming to an end, NOT A MIRACULOUS PANACEA.-We are glad to see that Switzerland's famous cordial and tonic, the oldest preparation of the class in Europe, is every day becoming more popular in this country. Neither Breslin, Bischoff and Co. of Geneva, the proprietors, and manufacturers, nor the agents for Australia, Moss and Co., claim th it it is t»n infallible remedy for every human ailment. They are above such quack- ery,-what they do say is this, that it is a preventive of all diseases arising tro ni atmospheric causes, a fine appetizer, on admirable stomachic, a positive cure for indigestion, a remedy for physical weakness and mental depression and a most delicious liqueur. Foi centuries these virtues have been ascribed to it by the Swiss, -and not without good and suffirent reason, 8037 