ECHOES FROM THE BUSH. By Rkoffry CRABTHomr. If any one doubted the absurdity of our mode of electing members to the Legis lative Council^ the utter indifference which my apathetic Public show about the matter at tne present moment would go far to satisfy him. If a general election were on at the same time the electors would tell a different tale. They would be actively discussing men and things, settling principles, and airing interests, cheering at claptrap, sometimes hitting on a truth, and in short doing their best in their lumbering, uncertain, partly hap hazard but not always mistaken Anglo Saxon fashion to get suitable men to govern them. And amid this clash of candidates and tornado of tongues the would-be Councillors would get sucked into the vortex, and compelled, will they, nill they, to shew of what stuff they are made. But without this just look how the thing is worked. A dozen candidates publish in the newspapers addresses more or less vague — generally the former — to the Electors, and carefully abstain from doing anything else to prove their unfitness for the seats they covet. A few days before the nomination perhaps a meeting is got up in the Town HalL The Chairman limits each speaker to a quarter of an hour. Of course no man can pack a policy into that space of time, and this is an immense boon to those who have nothing to say as well as to those whose friends have prepared their speeches for them. When the questioning comes on even the dullest can soon see what the feeling of the meeting is, and so he repeats in a slightly altered form the answer that has already been favourably received, ormoreunblushingly contents himself with saying ditto to a predecessors After that everybody goes to sleep again until election day, and then the few electors who are energetic enough to go to the poll pick their men as best they can with the sense that after the first three it is just a toss-up whom they shall take. No wonder that in the past they have saddled themselves with some old men of the sea, who year after year have hung like an incubus on the neck of Progress until galvanized into a sudden semblance of conversion by the wiles of a skilful leader or the terrors of the approaching ballot-box ! Do you really suppose, my simple-minded Public, that activity of this kind will last beyond the return of the writs, and that these repentant prodigals will not go back to the husks of obstructiveness that contented them for seven out of their eight years of legislative inaction 1 If I were you I would put to every candidate certain plain questions the answers to which he could not crib from a previous speaker. I would say to him — What have you achieved in the past that we, should give you this great trust? What measure of reform have you tried to introduce? What light have you thrown upon the labour of legisla tion? What single subject have you taken up and mastered ? What extent of watch fulness have you exercised over the doings of the Executive? What mischief have you ever prevented? What trophies won with your own bow and spear can you Bhow in the field of politics? Don't vapour about how you voted. Any fool can give a vote if he has got one, and he can't help sometimes voting right. Tell AEE WHAT YOU HAVE DONE ! If yOU can't do that, you may spare your plausible platitudes about Public Works, law reform, taxation, insolvency, and all the other stale stock subjects of tho plat* form. You are not the man for Geoffry. Apply this test, my Public, to your dozen candidates, and see how many of them [ can stand it ! You will find some three or four to face it well ; and these you may vote for with a wilL Other three or four there be — mere inflated bladders — whom it will crumple up to nothingness ; and these you must unswerv ingly reject. For the rest you may toss up how to fill up your ticket, and be thankful if you get in four good men out of the six. Such a test, however, you are not likely to apply if you follow the example of the simple-minded Mount Barkerites. They were very ill used in that only one candidate put in an appearance, but their proceedings were so eccentric that I tremble to think what would have hap pened if the others had been there. Can you conceive, for example, anything more charming than their cordial acquiescence in Air. Raphael's objection to speak freely on the ground that if he did his opponents might fish his brains and profit by the process 1 Yet the vote of thanks to all the retiring members, good and bad together, was even more refreshing. Justice cannot be done to it in prose, so let me try * 'another way :' — A NEW SONG TO AN OLD TUNE, As recently sung at Mount Barker by Dr. 'Weld and a full chorus. Air — ' Here's to the maiden of basliful fifteen.' Here's to the member that never will speak, Now to the one that's loquacious ; Here's to the follower feeble and meek, And here's to the leader sagacious : Let the vote pass ! He's but an ass Who thinks we are able our members to class. Here's to the candidate standing again, Now to the member that's gone, Sir ; Here's to the one with a clear-thinking brain, And now to the noodle with none, Sir : Let the vote pass, &c.; Here's to the member that thinks for himself, Now to him that Sir Harry can wheedle ; Here's to the ignorant, fatuous elf, And to him that's as sharp as a needle : Let the vote pass, &c.; For let him be Morgan, or let him be Dunn, Murray, English, poor Parkin, or Crazier, We lump them together and thank all or none For the merits of each no one knows here. Chorus. Let the vote pass! He's but an ass Who thinks we are able oar members to class. Wh-e-e-ew ! Isn't it hot ! After that metrical effort I lay down my pen and try the contents of my canvas cooler under the verandah. But in this close weather even the canvas bucket is a failure. In a rage I can scarcely refrain from kicking the bucket, but on second thoughts 1 ^ms\£-^^*m ^-r\ WITT T'/''I1 I What could have induced our earliest almanac - maker. Numa Pompiiius, to add such an ill-conditioned month as that of February to the Roman calendar I cannot for the life of me imagine ; but he did well to make it, as its name implies, a ' festival of expiation' — for assuredly its influences on hapless mortals are pre eminently purgatorial. Paradoxical a3 it may seem, its brief reign is usually marked by a heavy downpour — in England of wet, in Australia of heat. In the old country the shortest month of the twelve is proverbially the period of diEmal days and gloomy nights, high winds and shipwrecks, storms and floods; while . here in the* Southern Hemisphere it makes up for its curtailed career by concentrating and intensifying in its eight-and-twenty disagreeable days all the worst features of the other summer months. The heat of January we can bear, because it is 'fine seasonable weather for the harvest,' but February is universally dreaded and detested by South Australians. To say it is 'February weather' is to describe the climax of climatic discomfort. You may be sure that the name of the month has a good deal to do with this ; Juliet's rose by any other name might smell as sweet, but if the awfully sultry and oppressive heat of the past week had not belonged to the ' month of expiation' it would not have seemed so utterly a,nd abominably bad. Which brings me back to my query. Why did Numa Pompiiius inflict upon posterity the unmitigated jurse of a February? What says my soothing Spenser thereanent— iilightry adapting his satiric stanza to antipodean readers? — ! ? Then came hot February sadly seated [n a close chariot red with lurid fire, ' Drawn of mosquitos whose shrill song repeated Wakened in par-boiled mortals fruitless ire. . Fhin clad was he, yet much did he perspire And dozed, while handy stood when he awoke , Seductive whete that languid frames require, And beer to slake his thirst whenas the smoke Of quenchless bush-fires foul, or dust-storms made him choke.' Talking of bush fires, I am reminded of an ancient saint's day religiously observed by the wool-combera of Bradford and other English towns, who are accustomed to hold a septennial jubilee on February 3 in honour of St. Blaize. The chronicler adds : — ' There was also a general popular observance of St. Blaize's day in England. Apparently for no better reason than the sound of the venerated prelate's name, it was customary to light fires on this day or evening on the hilltops.' May not the prevalence of bush fires in the hills of late be looked upon as an indication that even in South Australia there aro many who still do honour to tho Armenian Bishop ? Be this as it May, or rather as it's February, all the days of this month thus far might appropriately enough be called St. Blaize's. 