' THE MONTH. - Politically, the absorbing subject of the month was the elections. The note of pre paration- for them commenced long ago, and culminated on Friday last in a determined struggle. The Opposition candidates were more numerous than the Ministerial or Inde pendent. The Premier having put a free- trade policy to the country, the battle had to be fought against the Protectionists. Un fortunately, the Free Trade party in the country are not an organised compact body. The Protectionists, on the other haud, can pull- well together, and are always ready to puli together when occasion requires/ - But) in all elections; the personal element runs largely into the calculation, and iu this con sideration principles are forgotten. Refer- ing to the want of organisation and cohesion amongst the voting power of those who endorse free- trade opinions, it may be added that there is at work an element of estrange: ment amongst those who represent free-trade opinions.' Sir James M'Culloch's hand is against Mr Service's, and the 'hand of Sir John O'Sbanassy is ugainst Sir Charles Gavan Duffy. It is small wonder, then, , if free: trade opinions, unless under very favourable circumstances, could make headway and take form and body. By the returns published in another coIuidd, the strength of parties can be pretty well guessed. There is just one thing to be said, however, that some of the candidates who have secured a seat did not in their election speeches go the whole length of the tether of the Hltra-land-taxes and ultra- Protectionists. 1 1 is most unmistake- ably true, that the classes who have most to lose by bad laws, and therefore are in the position;! to make most' of good laws, do .riot take the interest in politics that they should do. They hold alpof, and the beneficial influ ence they could use is not exercised. Con sequently, a large number of electors are left open to be operated on, aud they are so suc cessfully froth' the operators. In this way :the. defeat of many men who , have growp grey as members of Parliament may be ac counted for. Of these, may be mentioned Mr Mackay, who has frequently held port folios ; and bis colleague, Mr Btirrowes. ; Mr 'Larigtbn/ too, has gone his way; and4 bis place will not know him more. The defeat of the Hon. Mr'M'Lellan,- Minister of Mines, by a small majority/ will probably be set aside, as it is attributed to double voting. And this practice seems to have been carried on at other places. Not that we by any means think that any scrutiny would affeipt the main result of the elections. The. arrange ments for recording votes are such as in some piaees to admit of triple . voting. Iq. Castle maine a few cases are known.,! At the earliest opportunity it wiU be' necessary, in order t check this, to- amend- 'the - Electoral Act, so that vpters shall only be abje to . vote at tlje place to wbiohlhe roll containing their names applies. In looking .over the list of candi dates returned, , there is reason to. fear that the intellectual calibreVof the House is not raised by many of the changes made, while riiost deoidedly several - experienced men, whether as members or riainistere, Have beein rejected. The question now discussed is, what the Ministry will (la under the circum stances in which they are placed.' The Opposi tion journals are, of course, urging.an imme diate' resignation, but until the' members' of die Government are .iq .town and have liqd breathing time after the hurly-biuiy of their election difficulties, a determination cannqt be arrived at. By the how Electoral Act, the House" must bo oalled together withip three weeks after, the. return of the writs. The country does not appear to be ypt ripe, for those' fiscal' changes which have so largely advanced the!.,trade. and. .comnierce of Eng land, and which it was hoped by a gradually- enlarging minority would be. effected .by .an appeal to the country- C l 'ii V 1 From the turmoil of politics it is refreshing to look ; on the . aoroparative ; polqmna of tlje churoh'es. During the month' their work has been progressing smoothity. - .St. Paul's Episco palian Ohuroh, Ghiltorn, was conseorated by the Bishop of Melbourne." 'Dr Moorbouse -congra tulated the' members ipi'esent/ohXthelitructure whioh had been erected, and preached to tlje ' - I ' largest congregations ever assemblad there. The bishop has also visited other of the distant por tions of his .extensive diocese, and administrat ing to its spiritual necessities. A very success: ful tea meeting was held in the Wesleyan Ohurch, Mockleford.' The occasion was the celebration of the fourteenth anniversary of the Sabbath School connected with that church. . At the conclusion of the tea a public meeting was held, at which appropriate addresses were de livered by Rev. J. Carey "and" others, 'and dur ing the evening the children sang a very choice selection of sacred music in a manner which re flected credit on their teacher and conductor. The Primitive. Methodist Church, Winter's Flat, heldits anniversary services, over which the Rev. H. Heathershaw presided. On the following day the anniversary was brought to a conclu sion by a social tea a public meeting. Both of these were exceedingly well attended, the litlle chapel beiog full ; the tea was provided and at tended to by Mrs' Heathershaw and Mrs T. S. BarneB, who received very favourable criticisms from the partakers. The public meeting was presided over by Mr T. S. Barnes, and addresses, suitable to the occasion were delivered by Rev. H. Heathershaw, Mr John Guest, sen., and others. . The anniversary was highly successful. The annual meeting of the Lutheran Synod was held in the church belonging to tbe body at Parker-street. Several ministers and delegates from neighbouring colonies'attended the sitting, besides many members of tbe congregation. Iu the evening a tea meeting was held in the Me chanics' Institute. The church is aB prosperous as tbe decreased number of German residents in the district can make it, and its affairs gener ally flow favourably in. Special services in con: nection with the Independent Church, Chewton; was held, at which the Rev. E. T. Inles, of Melbourne, preached. The services were brought to a conclusion on the following day (Monday) by a tea meeting, a concert, and en tertainment in the Oddfellows' hall. At this latter the chair was occupied by the Rev. F. J; Pitman, and during the evening addresses were delivered bv Rev. G. Miles, and others, . Miss Baker, Miss Heathershaw, Mr Jones and others gave some excellent vocal and instrumental harmony. There was a service of song at the Baptist Chapel, Tempieton-street, where Rev, Mr Hiddlestone, like Mr Phillips, was the chief- musician. The rev. gentleman delivered a kind of running lecture on religious topics, and every now and then illustrated his subject by a melody, accompanying himself on the harf mouium. The object of his visit was to raise funds towards building a church in the Mel bourne subnrbB. The indefatigable Matthew Burnett is holding revival services at Mary borough nightly, aud he parades the town with his band of singing pilgrims. > This gentleman is a great enthusaist, and we only hope that half the good he is reported to accomplish is of a permanent sort. Of his earnestness there can be no doubt. The Rechabite Hall at Barker's Creek was a short time ago burnt down, and a new building is now ereotod. It was. formally opened, for divine worship by Mr J. N. Yates, evangelist, of Prahran. There was a very largo congregation present. J. M. Peebles delivered a lecture at the Mechanics' Institute, on Spiritualism, his subject being " Spiritual gifts, arid the uses and abuses of-mediumship." The lecture was highly interesting in its' historic character, and particularly so to that portion of the community who are "spiritualists." Some thirty or. forty of the members arid friends of the Fryer's Creek Friendly Lodge, No. 1154, G.U.C.O.F., met at Bro.,.Goodrope's, hotel, to mark their respect and esteem for the Secretary of the Lodge, Mr Frank Hardwick, who is leaving for England. The chair was occupied by Bro. Boyle, supported by Bros. Benallack and Styles. The speakers to the several toasts after the supper, in very complimentary terms; testified .to their high appreciation of the ser: vices of the guest, and the sentiment was re4 ciprocated by his confreres and friends present. Another expression of the same kind- was made at Castlemaine. At the conclusion of the busi ness of. the quarterly meeting of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows, held at the Bed: ford Hotel, a very handsome present was made to ex- treasurer Bro.- Ferrie, consisting of a mas sive gold chain and locket, bearing the follow ing inscription Presented toP. Ferrie, Esq., by the Castlemaine District Council, G.U.O.C.F., as a token of their esteem and appreciation of his long and faithful . services as treasurer. The- D.D M., Bro. JQ. J. Stephens, made the presentation in the absence of the D.M. ; and Bro. Ferrie returned thanks in a feeling manner. A very interesting ceremony has taken place at the State school, ;Sbuth Mockleford, being a presentation to Mrs Bolton, the head teacher, of a silver service by the pupils. Thisladyhas occupied this position for about four years, and during that timo has succeeded to a wonderful extent in raising the status of the school. After the delivery of the' address which accompanied the presentation, Mrs Bolton made'a short but suitable reply, thanking the children and their parents for the handsome present. The child ren then sang Auld Lang Syne, and after a few words from Mr M July re aud Mr Mackenzie, a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, God Save the Queen was sung, and the proceedings terminated. Some time ago suggestions, were made to the Education Department that gymna siums should be established in connection.; with the State schools. The suggestions have been duly cousidered, and now the desired boon will in part be obtained. Orders have been given that ten of the principal schools in the colony should have gymnasiums attached, for the pur pose of affording gymnastio exercise for both teachers and scholars. Mr King has resigned his appointment as conductor of the Philhar- tuonio Society, -and that of organist and; choir master of Christ Ohurch. Mr King has been appointed organiat and choirmaater'of All Saints' Church; Sandhurst. _ After lasting till an unusually late period of the year the summer has broken up, and giveri place to the rains and cold of ' winter! The change has been welcomed by the country dis tricts, which, were again extensively suffering from want of water, and the young herbage stimulated into growth by the rains of a feq weeks before was rapidly dying off.- ".Owing; however, to the latenesa of the rains, 'it is doubtp ful- how far they will cause'a growth of grass before winter, and the season ia likely to be a scanty one for grass. No doubt as the season advances more, rains will fall, arid, as is often the' case, there may be a wet spring. Some ideas may be formed of the protracted summer frem the fact that two extensive, bushfires werp raging in this neighbourhood in the opening of the month, — one- in the direction of Barfold and the other near Muckleford. But premoni tions of the approach of winter are coming in from all quarters, and especially from .'the Gipps- larid district. The Grant correspondent of thp Mercury furnishes; the last and moat/striking item. It aeoma that last week they had enow to the depth of four inches, and; it was still snriwing heavily- when . the news left. In thp interior the want of rain was .most severely felt. Two mobs of fat cattle have .passed thrpugh AViloannia travelling to. Melbpurne-l- 280 from Thargomindah, and 200 from ' Morley) From Hay, we read that pre'vious to last rains! some stations have almost reached a crisis, thp! wells exhausted, and men employed outting down the greffn branches of- cuba as a last. raj aonrce, while the dead and dying animals-Were . daily becoming ari intolerable nuisance. ConsW- quant on the rain, the saltbush is now showing a degree of freshness, such as has not been seen1 for a lengthened period, and grass re- appearing) but it- was feared the green food would provp disastrous to the weaker sheep. : ' The season at Bourko aud through the Darling district is.ref- presentedas the most luxuriant yet- known, and we know of many bids: made in Wagga for large numbers of wqthers at a high figure; to ba de livered qn-tho Darling. The following is/giy'ei) as tho yields in the.Newatead district last.year". — WhMtG>e9te#yi9l& 25 J>qshevpojr.ft9r9| lowest, 10; average, about-14 ; :qqaiity, shri velled from the effects of hot'Wiods ; area one- third less than last season. Oats — Greatest yield, 33 bushels per acre ; smallest, 12 ; aver: age, about 20 ; quality, early varieties good, as they came to maturity before" hot winds came. Peas are coming into more favour, as farmers find they get a good crop' of wheat after them, yield, about fifteen bushels to. the acre. — -At Muckleford the crops. were -as a 'rule good, and taking into consideration the number of years the Muckleford land has been in cultiva tion and the unfavourable season, there have been fair crops,- in fact, not only but where' tbe land had been fallowed or otherwise liberally treated, they would bear comparison with any of the old districts. The experience of , tbe past season may have taught farmers some useful lessons; they have seen that the early sown grain of each kind was much' better than the late; the early varieties came to maturity be fore the hot winds came. Land that one bushel of seed was ample allowance for in former years would have carried double the quantity this past season. The wheat in many cases sent up but one stalk. The agricultural news from South Australia is good. ' We are told that there the present is an extraordinarily ' early season. The heavy rains of March; and April, followed by warm genial weather, have brought forward the vegetation in a surprising manner. Seldom, if ever, have the Mount Lofty Ranges presented such a verdant appearance thus early iu the season ; aud the country to the north, for 200 miles at least, wherever grass will grow, is covered with a rich carpet of emerald hne. The'; amonnt of green feed in the country haa pro- bably never before been larger at this time of the year. Self-sown crops are surprisingly for-: ward, and over a large extent of land which has been sown with wheat the young plants are already from two to four inchesoutof the ground, and. fully a month in advance of what they generally are even in an early season, it is anticipated that over -a" million and a quarter acres will be sown with wheat this year, a3 a very large area of new land will be; ploughed up,' the farmers never having had a more favour able season for early ploughing and sowing. Some of the effects of the 'season are peculiar.; Vines are putting forth new leaves, at a time when they are usually shedding their old ones ; and alongside -the railway line between Adelaide and Freeling may be seen oats coming into ear.- Speaking of vines as a whole, the grape crop! was not' as prolific this year as . last, but . the quality .has been belter. -The - gross produce this season at the Tabilk Vineyard is over 40,000 gallons. ; This quantity, owing to the ex-! treme dryness of the season, is not up to the. average production'of/ this vineward, but the quality of the juice is ' exceptionally good. . The weather for the vineyard operations was most, favourable, the whole crop! bavirig been gathered in without a drop of rain! An; extraordinary yield cf, grapes is reported from; a single vine at Ballarat, the property/ of" Mr: Tait.- It is of the Sweetwater variety, arid, yielded this season no' less than 6541b. of fruit. The difficulty of growing hops is now overcome, ; and it enters "into one of the industries of the; colony.: The Colac-Heraid states that Mr Grant; obtained over a .ton and a quarter, of. hops,! 'of superior quality, from a very small quantity! of laud, and Mr Blunay, his neighbour, off far- less ground, obtained a ton of hops, which. are! pronounced by good judges to :be equalfto_any English or" Tasmariiari hops imported to this! colony. . They were" sold not long since in Mel-! bourne at a very good figure.' Mr Grant' has! now a fine crop of tobacco coming on,- and ex-: pects to make "something handsome" from it; in due time. These " novel industries " aeerii to; be succeeding in the forest equal to the iriostj sanguine expectation, arid a few more cultiva-' tors , of the .Grant .and Blundy, stamp would considerably ' increase' the prosperity of the colony. Any way, the success of the hop: and; tobacco cropBin tbe locality alluded < to,- pro ves that the quality of our forest land is really first-! class,' and that it cannot be spoken of. too highly. The European War has an interest here amongst agriculturists. Commenting on! the wheat-growing capabilities of New South Wales, the Sydney Morning Herald remarks : — It is no cause for rejoicing that the outbreak of war between .Russia . and Turkey should have raised the price of wheat in London by twenty- five per cent. But it is a matter for congratula tion that Australia is able to. come to the help of Europe in her time of need, and our owe farmers have now the opportunity of contribut ing to the general good, arid at the same time advancing their own prosperity. A splendid sample of the silk produce of this district was ex hibited in the window of Mr Philpots' chemist shop, Market-square; it consists of a large show-glass full of cocoons, the total weight being from 6lb to 7lb, and are from the; mag nanerie of Mr Schroeder, of Chinaman's Creek. The Woollen Factory -works are progressing;- in order to keep the looms at work the sorib- blers and spinning males are kept at work from C in the morning to 8 in the evening. . By. this means 21 looms are kept constantly at work,' two .of them in tbe- manufacture -.of blankets, and the remainder . in flannel. The new self- acting.mulcs are nearly .finished, and ! will be at work in a few days, — the looms had all to- be re moved to make room for it. /There are 'other nine looms fixed -ready for work as soon, iis the new shafting is placed in position) arid once' these are set going the company/will be able to keep pace' wiih .the demand for ! their manu facturer.! The comfort' and convenience. ..of thri numerous employes has not been neglected, a new " finishing " ' room . haying been, .erected over the washing room whore the .. girls em-! ployed' in the process are kept entirely by them! selves, no one being nliowed to interfere with' /.hern. Gas has been laid on nearly- throughout the building; and it is still being extended. It is gratifying to find an industry "like this/proa pering in our midst: There has! been"!!a great amount/of ' arixiety of "late amongst ! the few wbolleri manufacturers in this colony, as tq which tender. would be accepted for. the 'supply qf Vic torian tweeds for the public aervice of 1877 and 1878: The respective tenders were received on the 27th alto,, but nothing definite was decided upbn-until to-day; _ wben . it; was -officially ml riojiuced that the lowest were 'arfollows jr-Meli- bourne WooUori Mill .Co./, sariipies at 3s llid per yard, aelectted'for'-lj(hayylriTjria, Uibioh Wpollen Company, Geeopg2-saniplesJseleoted for industrial soliools at 4s 6d - per yard.) Vic torian Woollen Mills- Company— samples at 8s 64d per yard double width— aelected- for) refor. mqtories, . iVe ..mention . this as - showing .thp growth bf fcbriipbtitipn between colonial manui- f aotnrers, ' and/the 'piijietf'hbtqad, r /4qihatanca of the prosperous condition of labourers on the New South Wales side . of the Border— a con dition which may safely Be attributed to the faot! that theyiare living/ u rider /a free/frade policy — came under the notice of the aldecmari at the..laqtsitting-of .the. borough council. Ten ders had- been invited;- by advertisement and otherwise, for .the fonciugtin of/ the'tBotanipali reserve,. but nota:aingle tender was received! The fact is/ labourers are-so finsh of 'employment that> -unless anything tempting offers: they :feel 'to say , it tenders ; wefoi'invited in: a Vibtpriai) town, fora similar work! which of coiifsedqes not' entail muoli professional /talent, that,' there would be a larg'p number ! of appliqanta iwilflng to uriflertpke the job. The prbiqiae of rewards, fbr'thb destruction! of 'sharks, is having a 'good effect i.u inducing men to kill those sea- monsters! 'which- have' rendered the Bay darigerous./ ' Tiie The 'rewards paid by tho 'Govornmeut for the captui'e.. of ! sharks in tljp waters .qf .the .bar riovv amoiiiit in the aggregate to the/sun o(i LO? Jls C,d..'.' The number .qf sharks' . b'rougHt to.tho various police statious since tjie ..offer of ;;a re- iward. was published! amounts- to :846.: Of-these; 735 were oaught at Sandridao, five at Footsoray: 16 at Williamstown, 20 at Morriington, and 70 at. Brighton. - The- .latter - place . .may also bp i .'c '".sibs'iavY H. ob't, ' : j : officially re tnrned. One of the sharks was a monpter, measnring about 16 feet in _ lengtn, 'and weighing about a ton, bat the majority wnre ;bver; 2 feet, arid' under o feet, in length, lne sum'expsnded in the destrnction of such a large !numbe"r-of these dangerous visitants to our shores has been well spent, arid it.is to be hoped that thosa engaged in pursuit of shark-fishing will find it sufficiently lucrative to encourage them to persevere, and that at last the creatures will become so few that they will be more ditn- crilt to catch. . . The mining industry of the district is much, in its UBual condition: The work amongst the reefs in the different localities is steadily going on". Progress is being made in the Coliban water courses' in the direction of Fryers, and it is hoped that: in a short /time: the quantity of water coming through the aqueducts will bo enough to - supply any number of aluicers who may apply for it! Reports from the various prospecting parties are now being daily received by the Mining Department, but 'so far there has been a sameness abont them that leads one to believe that they are forwarded only as a matter of form, and to show that something is being done for . the expense , that, is beiug incurred. They generally intimate that, the result of their week's work is " no good," " fine colour, though not payable," or " no gold found." A" few days ago 18dwt, and a very few grains of gold had been received by the Mining Department as the produce of a fortnight's work of the Beechworlh prospecting party, the report which should: have accompanied the sample (ISdwl.) having been returned to the leader of the . party. Our northern quartz fields are rich oil account of their high average and immense extent, but Gyrapie records yet by. far . the highest crush- , ing in Queensland. 'Among others the Lady Mary line may be meutinned, which last year gave from the No. 2 North, 650oz-of gold from 17 tons of stone: In the No. 7 South-of the- same line, 16 months work gave 70S tons or. stone, which produced 7723oz of gold. In the; No. 6 last year 31 toris gave 740oz. The reefs: at Palmerstou are .rapidly improving. The; Union claim yielded 600oz of gold from, a fort-j night's crushing: Some coolies working on tri-: bute are making L25 per man per week. The; deeper the mines are sunk the richer they be-; come/ The Chinese of the Palmer have been! getting large quantities of gold iu the neigh-: bourhood of Stouy, M'Gann's, and Fine-gold Creeks lately. Over 600oz have been received! by the. Queensland National Bank on Wednes day last from these localities. There is a great' rush of Chinamen to Fish Creek, which is situ ated close to tbe Conglomerate," where they are< getting good gold ; and now, since the rain baa- ceased," we hear of some very rich quartz speci-; mens being found by the Chinamen ia the dif-: ferent gullies in which they are ; working, an evident indication that there must be some! valuablo quartz reefs in the neigh bourhood from; which the specimens, have been , found. -The following are. some of the principal, yields re-! ported during. the month : — Wattle Gully --Co.,; 17oz ; Ger'dsen- and Co: , lOoz ; - United King dom, 103oz ; Ferrons reef, 501oz ; Argus . Flat Co., lOoz ; Chewton United Co., 27oz ; Ajax Co., looz ; Charcoal reef, 33oz ; Cleaver and Co:, 9oz; Parkins and Co., 109oz; Dunn :and Co., 9oz;' Nankivell and Co.; lloz ; Matthews and Co.j.lOpz ; Simpson and Co.; lloz. The: .yield of gold' at Sandhurst for last .month amounted to 22,39Coz' lodwt logr, as against 15,717oz, or, showing an increase of near 7000oz. ; In the face of this improremeut in/the return o£ . the -yield; of gold, there need not .be fear en- tertained: that- the. mining industry of ibis .dis trict is decaying. -A splendid sample of lead was' brought to Ballarat the other day, ! by Mr. Woolcoot: The ore was obtained in the old; Perseverance claim at Percydale, - near Avooa, and is of the purest type, and to be found in sucii quantities as to ensure a fair prospect of another industry- for Victoria's future. The lead ore runs with the gold- bearing'quartz, and in getting out the latter, which carries 8dwt' to the ton, , the former must be removed. The marketable value, will probably be from Lll to L12 per ton. A good . deal of interesting news comes this month from Queensland. . The Chi nese invasion rather increases thau diminishes, and the ; Dumber of .-arrivals excites the most serious apprehension.- : At the Palmer' gold- field, out of a population of 15,500 miners, there are no less than ; 14,000 Chinamen,- with ! more constantly arriving. .Under these.circum- : stances, the 'Government have telegraphed: to i the authorities at. Hong Kong, warning them that toe Northern gold-fields cannot possibly : support ari extensive influx of Chinese nov., and nrging the stoppage of immigration from the Eastern ports. Should these' gold-fieldB be: visited with a time of drought so as to suspeud all washing operations and consequent earnings,! the Chinese upon, them might be exposed to the most serious straits. The refusal of the Royal- assent to the bill passed last session, to im-- pose a special taxation on the. Chinese has! caused a feeling of- strong disappointment.- .- i It having become known that in consequence uf Major Rylarid leaving the district lie was! abont to resign the command - of the Cas'tle-i iriaine' Troop of Light Horse, it was resolved byj the officers and' lien of the Troop to/present him with a mark of their esteein- arid regard.! Accordingly a apecial parade was held in thai Orderly Room; at whioh ' Major Anderson was present. The men were drilled and put through their various manual exercises by Capt. Sloe, and were warmly commended by Major Ander son. At the cioBe of the parade'tho ' men were formed in line, and Captain Slee then came for ward, an'd-said that he had a very pleasing duty; tq perform, and that was on behalf of the offi-j cera and men of the Cos tlomaine. Troop topre-i sent their commander.i Majori Ryland, . with-a; gold chronometer watch. He must, however, i say that he very inuch regretted. Major Jtyland'a leaving the'district, but at V.ho same time he was happy, to saythat the troop, would .-occasionally have the pleasure. of seeing him amongBt them, whenever there should arise occasion. He now; preaeiited the watch, and said he trusted Major! Ry land would live long to wear it, and in future | years when looking on its facs kindly remember; bis connexiori with the: Oastlemaine Troop of! Light Horse, and of the many happy hours he; had spent with them in carap and on, /the; field.! On! behalf of the troop lie ! wished ' Major. Ry- ;!land,!,his! wife and family ; every ' prosperity;, in hiB future undertakings. ' Major Roland, ,who ;was evidently ; deeply affected, Baid that he-iiras' no speaker/aria therefore' must claim a soldier's ' privilege-Pbreyity.; He cordial ly/t hanked them the irivitatiop of 'SnrgeonMsjor Bone' the whole party adjourned ; , to the Oastlemaine 1 Hotelj" "where a- -pleasant: pour was spent itfaooial conversation a'nd drink-1 ing the healths of tho present and past officers' of the tropp. . Drill-Instructor/ Sergeant Doug- i herty, has'- left' 'Castlemaine. " Not. haying' the! beat, of ... health -he - applied for. and .. has - been ! granted on exchange with Drill-Instructor Cript>, of -Carlton, and enters on his duties therq' on/Wednesday, next,; haying left here on TuedayY' Sergeant' Dougherty has been in Oas tlemaine eVersiripri1 the - first forriialion! of the! corp iu I860,' arid' his riapio therefore has become ' a household word in connexiou with . that body, j as he has 'been unremitting in his attention, i andhus.brqught it iuto suoh a state offeffioi-! ency 'ris to call/for gerioial' reriiarki " ' Whenever I the 1st Oastlemaine Rifles were on the Held/ ithey lalways/carriod firs), honours foy soldiertiike ! pP,Wrig.ar|d th|s .was painly pqejto thei'driUtin- 1 slriiotor. The officer .cotnmaijding! the forces, : prior to issuing an order relative' to the 'eonduet "10 tioops iu the camp of instruction recently held at Srihbury, being desirous' of /'obtaining! the advantage of tbe-obsetvatidb'a": individually made, by , the' officers in command of ; the several thoiri to forward to. him ,as «qo,ri;M possible /' reports containing all such ,n»attey, anfl ;dotaila upon which for the good of ' the service it may seem expedient'that he should be duly, informed. " A similar memorandum' has beenforWarded to Lieutenant. Colonel Rede ; asking. for a report pi the observations mode by him when:doing duty as ; acting quartermaster- general,; arid also when in cduimaad,of the at tacking /force on Monday, Apr|l';2. Major Coachman haa been asked to send in a cocdensed report of ' tho work, dono by the - Signal and Torpedo Corps while in camp ;' and Major Par- nell, of the Engineer Corps, has been asked for a report of the work done by his corps, includ ing tbe demolition of the bridges over Jackson's Creek. ..'TheBe reports when furnished will be of an interesting character, and the calling for them shows that the defences of the colony are an earnest consideration with the. governih'ent. A terrible accident took place at the works for the construction of the new 'Murray bridge at Echuca. Several/of ' the men employed by the contractors' were eDgaged in removing the loading placed on one of the cylinder piers for the purpose of sinkiug it in 'its bed/-' when, owing to the unequal way in. which the weight was being removed,: the cylinder overturned with its enormous load, and knocked, down/ the traveller arid girders, and brought down; an im mense quantity, of iron, stone, and timber riu one hideous ruin. Seven poor fellows .jwere caught in the falling materials, arid' we're- fear fully injured. . They were as soon as possible removed' to Sandhurst to the hospital, and one man, named Godfrey, died on the way, t.wo others, Herbert and Mad'drill, ori the following day, and another, named Moore, -a few , days afterwards. Mr Mackie, of the firm of Kyd and Mackie, millers, of Newstead,.has grins on a visit to England. . He is a well-known philan- thropist, and this he has shown in' a variety of ways in the discriot where he resides, but more particularly by the establishment and mainten ance of a/Band'of Hripe in connection with the Primitive, Methodist Chnrch/ Newatead. This was formed in 1867, arid has effected avast amount of griod amongst the risiDg generation. A valedictory meeting was held in' the Primitive Methodist Church, when some 14 or 1 5 of ' the boys under his tuition gave abundant proof/not only of the care bestowed on.them by Mr Mackie, but also of their attention to his. instructions.— r The champion .match between. English .and Australian cricketers, ended . in a .. draw. Each has been rinoe' successful, and' the - parti sans of either side may therefore continue - to be happy in their champion. The tearii whri sprung from the united genius, of Conway and Lillywhite, arid'who astonished us riot orilj/ by their cricket, but, by their general BOriial ; quali ties, will not again return to us as a corporate body) for they have' decidrid to join the, mail steamship Bangalore at Adelaide, and/thence depart to fulfil their professional ' engagements in England. To our South. Australian, neigh bours will the farewells of the miniature Jupp, the slogging Ulyett, the patient Selby, and the ; trundling Hill be waved, while New Zealand, j !will disconsolately regret that it could notlonger I retain i'ts'Pooley. ' ' We shall never'ilook upon ; this .team of England's choice professionals : agairi, never again have the pleasuro of batting I with tbem, and we can say of thoin now, as I they are at last dead to us, that they have left a mp're pleasant memory! behind them than some Of their! predecessors, and ; that they will | he' remembered by Victorian cricketers, as being by their blunt homeliness of mariner more truly popular aud esteemed.thau some of their .fore runners, who . were; supposed to be better graced in gentlemanly deportment. It is stated that: a team: .of .Australian cricketers irom : all. .the colonies. will leave .for , England ,in 1878,, and that L8, 000 has been subscribed for their ex penses./ The second. thatch for the silver/cup presented by G. Farroll, Esq., of Castlemiiirie, to the Guildford Quoiting Club, came off with some eclat. Russell, the' previous' winner; was not in good form, - and was beaten by MrYH. Mataon, the secretary of the club, who; then had to face both Garner the- younger arid the re doubtable Fleming. The play was good and extremely close/. Mr Matsrin winning the cup narrp.wly.- The .eight hours anniversary (l was celebrated by (/carrying ' out' a. programme-, /of sports on the camp, and by . a dinner at the Cumberland Hotel, in the evening. The chair was ' oconpied by Mr Parker/ su pported. on. his right by the Hon. J. B. .Patteyson, . and Mr M'Neill, and on his left by J. Farrell, Esq./;Mr Weatherley, J.P., and Mr Greenhill.:; Mr Shaw occupied the vice- chair. The. usual, toasts were drankiand speeches rinade and the whole ..passed off with more than usual eclat- . - ' A shooking casualty, resulting in the death of a railway' in- spector, occurred at: Ararali, Mr Smiley,l':iu- spector of permanent i way s,; ,waS crossing the line at Ararat station ; to- day, when the- train ran over and killed him.— Since the murder of the Rev/Mr Hill by the prisoner Ritsob some years ago, few incidents at Pentridge have ' 'caused raore.exoitement than the assault committed on Thursday by a: : prisoner upon ' the 7 Rev. Mr Glover, a Church of England/ cleigy man'.! : . 'The rev. gentleman, who was visiting the prison in place of the Rev. Mr Ba'rdin, was in the act of passing through one of the wards'" of the -hos pital, when a prisoner ofthe name of ./Williams, was observed to follow him quiokly. The pri soner, before any one could give the alarm, rushed at Mr Glover, and seized him by the throat in a violerit manner: The rev.1- gentle- : map struggled with" bis "opponent for a few minutes,' when fortunately one of--the;- warders 'was able to render him assistance: Mr Glover /was soori extricated frorii his unpleaaantpoaition, but . not till his coat" was torn' and' he "had re: "e'eived a SeYerri' shaking. ; "The har veals rif 'the great charities and religious societies are reaped when the Boythe of death cuts down' men" - of colossal wealth, .The abstracts of the .wills,. pub lished periodically by the'EnglisH '> press/'prove that .few rich people leave this world without bequeathing a considerable, portiofl( ; o( !jheir I money to the support of aYeligiori or cnarity, and eveu mode'st .fortunes contribute largely to /th'e j work of benevolence. The late Mr fold, of Burrumbeet, died a short while ago, "worlh over"L350,000. /Hi8 lafge/prbperty.was left exclusively to,, his arid 'hfs .children ; not a penny to ' a church,' 7 riot"' a penny -to' a charity, not a half-penny — to whioh ridiculously j small coin his estate has been carefully valqed | — to any one of the servants, who helped to i build up his fortune. The event of the uhonth at Sydney has been the opening of the. Exhibi tion." This was opened by Hia Exoellehoy the Governor, the' members of tho. Government rind, -most of- the principal oitizens. being present. The attendance of the public'- was flafge,/ribout 15,000'persons viaitiug the exhibition during tlie day. The exhibition -has been ri great suc cess. .Tlie American arid Canadian courts were ! pWwenl»d tereetibg spectacle. Victoria' not iiaving ,a separate court, appqaredto.have sentjrio (contri- ritirins, butqin various, parts rpf' ihe/rjiuiiding Victorian: manufacturers were,, represented. There was a -laige - show of - wiiies,priuoipally from Bqndigo, and' of -inaohiner'y/ from'., Mel bourne.- Mr Dunoan, ' the ' irispebt'ori general of Penal Departmente, has we learn had a nar row escape, during his tour on leave of absence. The m'oBt prominent part of Galle is prbtricted by lorge strinp fortifipatioh's risiug about:20 feet perpendicularly from' the' sea/ the top forming ® .?9r; ?hpu t 400yards. Immediately ba- low-areifearful fbeks/rifteir t whioh— tho-'-place- is named. . Along, the \ top.: of tUe fortilicationa ara embrasures for grins over, which' it is neces sary to lump. Mr -Duncan, with two friends, iiaq inspected those,' and were returning; when, in jumping one of .the embrasuros; Mr Duncan awed, hm footing,, and reeled, towords the pre- cipice., . His companioris thought/there was no hope for him. when, to their great surprise, he tell to, the ground,, with his head juat;over the preoipice— in faot, aa lie lay, lie could see the rocke below. It waa-a moat remarkable if not marveilqus qacttpe. Knowing ho must inevitably ti J i . he went over; he had the prosence V.tod;t6 throw himself down, and by doing so his life was saved. He wus ratlier 'badly bruised, -.but is now none the worse.— A shriek ing and moat melancholy ricoident 'occurred at Mandaroo through the careless use of firearms. Bel'i <)f. Mnndaroo station, ha been ex- peoting the. clergyman, and as lie had not ar rived according to arrangement, and' thinking that he might have got" bushed,". Mr William Bell, a line young fellow of about twenty years, got the. gun. with the view of getting it ready to fire a shot as a signal for the. clergyman's guidance. '- The poor -boy was in ; the, act of blowing into' the' gun, whilst a brother-in-law held the candle for him to examine it, the flame' from whioh, somehow, oame in contact with' the powder, with which it was unfortunately charged, causing an explosion whioh killod-him instantly. The greatest sympathy is felt for tho bereaved family, some of - whom witnessed 'the accident.. 