THE MERCUEY. THUESDA Y MORNING, FEB. 8, 1877. Government by party is a well recognised in- stitution among us, and its value admitted ; but when party is everything, and government nothing, we enter on a mode qf conducting the affairs of a country that must prove disastrous. At least such is the conclusion at which, judging by analogy and inference, the public mind has arrived. But there is every probability that what people have hitherto only inferred because they had nothing definite to judge by, is to be reduced to demonstration by the present Government, who soom to recognise no influence or guiding principle but that of party. To that, as the only means of lingering out their tenure of office, they have given themselves up. They act as if the chief feature of every question was its probable effect on them- selves, Having'corruptly subsidised at the publio oxponso a particular paper hy accepting its tender for advertising at just double the price which they ought to have legitimately paid, they would obliterate if they could any other medium of public opinion. The report of the Commissioners appointed by Ministers to inquire into the working of the Lands and Works department is tho property of the public, not of the men who now occupy the places of His Excellency's responsible advisers. Yet it only finds its way to the particular print patronised and subsidised by Government. Wo refpr to this, not that we regret having been denied the means of propagating the one-sided statements of a board selected chiefly from the personal antagonism of its members to the late Minister of Lanps, but us an instance of how c mipletely tho present Ministers would, had they the power, leave tho public no means of forming an opinion but such as meet tho approval pf the gentle Mr. Meredith and the veracious Attorney General whose high-minded and honourable observance of the obligations of gentlemanly demeanour have secured hiin the respect of all classes, from His Excellency the Governor and tho Judges on the bench, to the little propeity holders of West Hobart sent at the Govern- ment expense on pleasure trips to the workings of the road party in Gould's Country, Fortu tunately, we aro independent of the petty devices of Ministers. When information is worth seeking after, wo can get it, much, we are aware, to the annoyance and surpriso of those who, dressed in a little brief authority, know not how to con- duct themselves with even a moderate degree of dignity, and bocomo excited when anything obtains publicity which it would benefit thom to keep out of sight. We prefor giving to tho public that information which in the interests of the public should bo known ; and, thoreforo, having waited for a longer time than should havo been required by tho depart- ment for submitting to tho public scrutiny tho financial condition of the Colony for the post year, we have taken the trouble to collect and compile information which an amendment in the Audit Act should render imperative on the Colonial Treasurer within a reasonable period after tim conclusion of the year. Considering tho small number of our transactions, and that the Tieasury, at least, is not under-officered, the year's revenue might easily be given in detail within a week of its termination. In the neighbouring colonies we find that the quarterly revenue returns are, as a rule, published within a week of the close of the quarter, and the annual returns, which are but an embodiment of the quarterly ones, aro also published within a week. Even the enormous details of the Imperial treasury of Great Britain are mastered, classified, and made public, within a fortnight of the expiry of the period which those returns embrace. But in Tasmania, with transactions less in value and number than those of a fifth-rate commercial firm in England, the revenue returns seldom make their appearance in tho Gazette until the fourth or fifth week after the close of the quarter, and it is a matter of great uncertainty when the returns for the year may be expected. Not unfrequently, and the officers as much as the Minister must be to blame, the annual re- turns are kopt back until the publio has ceased to toke any great interest in the figures. When the zeal or esprit of the department is too feeble and cannot be reliod on, the Audit Act should be so amended as to make that compulsory which any interest on the part of the Treasury depart- ment in thoir work should produce without a period of weary waiting. The quarterly and annual revenue returns Bhould appear in the Gazette within, at tho outside, fourteen days of the close of the quarterand year respectively. The absence of any compulsory obligation leaves to chunco, whim, or convenience, information the public anxiously look for. Therefore in the absence, up to the present period, of any official returns for the year ending 31st December, 1876, wo have taken the trouble to compilo from the quarterly statements published in the Gazette, a return showing, as nearly as possible, the amount of the consolidated revenue for the period stated, and give tho following as the result : CUSTOMS. Customs Duties . £1B8,84G 8 0 Less Drawbacks . 8,835 0 7 -. £185,010 l8 11 INLAND REVENUE. Stamps, postage stamps, telegraph fees, tolls, police rates, licences, probnte duties, fees of departments, and oilier miscellaneous receipts . 03,158 19 0 TERRITORIAL REVENUE. Eales of Crown Lands, rents of mineral and pastoral lands, survey fees, and otlier mis- cellaneous receipts . 40,103 l8 10 LAUNCESTON AND WESTERN RAILWAY. Receipts from goods, passongors, oto. 18,873 C 4 CONTRIBUTIONS FROM HOME GOVERNMENT. Subsidy lu aid of police and gaols. ¿0,000 0 0 Probable receipts for tim maintenance of British criminals, lunatic«, and paupers . 7,000 0 0 Probable receipts towards the postal lervlco ilil elalie l.nOO 0 0 -14,500 O O Total amount of consolidated revenue ... ¿»21,145 17 10 I It ti possible ¿hat ire may liar« omitted » tem, small items of miscellaneous revenue receipts. Iff so, they will appear in the official return when it does reach the public. We may then also receive intimation of any repayaient« of revenue that may have been made during the past year. On referring to the estimated probable Ways and Means for the year 1876, as submitted to Parliament by the late Colonial Treasurer when making his financial state- ment on the 10th of August, 1875, we find that the total estimated consolidated revenue was £300,021, leas tho sum of £3,000 reserved by Act of Parliament for interest on curtain debentures, leaving a total estimate of £302,521, or nearly £20,000 less than the actual receipts. 'And on referring to the explanatory statements to Parliament by Mr. Meredith, the present Treasurer, when making his budget speech on 27th September last, we find that he, with nine months of the year's transactions before him, estimated the total consolidated revenue for 1870 at £323,021, less the said sum of £3,500 reserved for interest, and the further sum of £7,500 reserved for roads. With the advantages he had for forming a correct opinion, Mr. Mere- dith's estimate, as we shall show, was that of an incapable bungler, who is more indebted to haphazard than to personal ability. The returns which we have given ore on tho whole highly satisfactory. The net Customs receipts for the year show an excess of £9,560 over the estimate made by Mr. Innes. The Inland Revenue also shows an increase of £6,188 on the estimate, while the Territorial Revenue falls slightly short of the estimate, the falling off being £398. The receipts from the Launceston and Western Railway were £626 below the estimate for 1876, and £1,040 less than the actual receipts for 1875. We are unable to account for this falling off in the traffic of the Launceston and Western Railway, unless it arates from the diversion of a portion of the traffic to the Main Line Railway, for we can hardly think that the 'export produce from the Launceston and Western Railway districts was so considerably less during 1876 than during 1875. In the Ways and Means for the year 1876, as submitted by Mr. Innes, we find a contingent item of £6,000, as revenue expected from the Main Line Railway Company for the use of the Launceston and Western Line between Evandale an4 Launceston. By the arrange- ment made by the present Government with the Main Line Railway Company for running powers over the Launceston and Western Line, without having first settled the compensation to be paid, the amount likely to be received by the Colony will probably prove much less than it should be, especially if the amount of compensation is left to be settled by the present Qovernment, who appear to be on such excellent terms with the representatives of the Railway Company as to call forth expressions of gratitude from the Chairman at the recent London meeting. As showing the rapidly increased prospects in our mineral districts, we find that the rents received for mineral leases during 187G amounted to £3,704 »gainst J®,m in" 1875. »nd £893 in 1874- The first-named sum ought to have been even much larger, Prior to the close of the year, leaseholders who do not think as Government think, were threatened with forfeiture of their' sections if their routs were not paid up by the end of the year ; and we know of a good many who, under the impression that there would be a general for- feiture, paid up. We have since searched tho Gazette in vain for a single forfeiture, How is this ? A list of over-due rents on 31st December would be an instructive document. The appli- cations for mineral sections appear to go on. The amount received for surveys during the year 1876 was £5,433 ; for 1875 it was £5,459. While it is very gratifying to be able to report so satisfactory a state of the revenue from exist ipg sources, it must not be supposed that the revenue for the year was equal to the expendi- ture ; and it will be the duty of the Ministry to submit measures to Parliament without delay for bringing up the revenue to meot the increasing liabilities consequent on the Launceston and Western, and the Main Line Railways. How far Mr. Meredith is likely to be a reliablo Minister in so important a matter may well be questioned when we find him so very careless or incompetent as to have boen at the end of the ninth month so far out in his estimates for the year. On reference to the explanatory statement made by him to Par- liament on 27th September last, it will be seen that he estimated an increase of £5,000 on the Territorial Revenue over and above the estimate for the year as submitted by his predecessor, Mr. Innes. Either Mr. Meredith failed in collecting what ought to havo been col- lected, or he is unreliable in his calculations, for when he spoke he had before hi in tho actual territorial receipts for nine months ; affording data from which any careful person might have made a pretty close estimate of the fourth quarter's revenue. Yet the result shows that whero he told Parliament to calculate on an increase of £5,000, there was a,decrease of a few hundreds in that branch of the revenue. If Mr. Meredith hit so nearly the total revenue as he did, it was only by one miscalculation counterbalancing another. Excesses over tlîe estimate in other sources of revenus made up for the Bum by which he underestimated the Territorial Revenue. Telegraphic Interruption.-We have no tele- grams from the other colonies to- day, the line being interrupted between Flinders and Melbourne. The office was opened at ten o'clock last night for the purpose of receiving telegrams, but the interruption still continued. It is supposed to be caused by bush fireB. A telegram in yesterday's Chronicle states that " on Tuesday immens» bush fires were burning in the Dandenong Ranges, and Melbourne and its environs were enveloped in stifling smoke instead of air." St. John's Pkksryterian Church.-The annual meeting of this congregation was held on Tuosday evening in the school-room, when the accounts for 1876 and the report of the Board of Management were laid before the congregation. The report Bpoko of the unflagging zeal of tho Rev. James Soott, in consequence of which, the Sunday attendance was Urge, and the Sunday-school increased in numbers. Reference was also made to the late successful bazaar held in the Town Hall, when nearly £300 were raised towards a new 8unday school-room. The various trustees, managers, Finance and psalmody committees were all re-elected for 1877. The church interior has reogntly been cleaned, painted, and coloured. The sittfngB are free-uo pew rents being exacted-and the retiring board of management (who were re-eleoted) spoke hopefully of the future of the church. Evangelistic Service at St. John's.-Accord- ing to announcement, an evangelistic service was held in St. John's Presbyterian Churoh yesterday evening. There was only a moderate attendance. The ministers present were the Revs. H. Badge, Moderator of the PreBbytery, R. S. Duff, A. Michie, J. Scott, and R. M. Webster. The Rev. J. Beattie, of Melbourne, who was expected to be present, was unavoidably absent. The Rev. Mr. Webster apologised for his absence. The proceedings, which were presided over by the Moderator, commeuced by a hymn being Bung, after which, the Rev. Mr. Michie offered up prayer. The Moderator then addressed the congregation at some length from the Parable of the Tares, con- tained in the 13th chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel. Another hymn having been sung, and prayor having been offered by the Rev. Mr. Webster, the Rev. R. S. Duff preached from the Parable of the Ten Virgins (Matthew 25.) The addresses were of an earnest, practical character. The proceedings were brought to a close shortly after 9 o'clock, Art Union op London.-It is notified that every subscriber of one guinea to this art union will receive, besides a chauco of a prize at the annual dis« tribution in April, au impression of a fine plate engraved from the oil- painting by Mr. E. Armitage, R.A., "Joseph and Mary," valued at £400. Tho engraving is very highly spoken of, and an impres- sion of it will bo well worth possessing. A speci- men eau be seen at Waloh's establishment iu Mac quarie-street, where also two nil-paintings, prizes for 1876, are now on view. Prospectuses of the union oan he obtained from Mr. J. H. B. Waloh ; and as the list will close in a few days, those who are desirous of subscribing ought to do so at once. Gas Company.-At the annual meeting of share- holders iu thiBvcompany, held yesterday, the usual dividend of 7 per cent, was deolared, hut nothing was added to the reserve fund, the reduction in the price of gas having caused a decrease in the profits. Later Intercolonial Ni;ws.- By the arrival of the s.s. Derwent at Launceston on Tuesday, wo have Viotoiian files to the Gth inst., Now South Wales of the 1st and 2nd, and Queensland of the SsttMitthalt, indulta. J Intercolonial Cricket Match.-The match between Ballarat and Southern Tasmania begin« on the association ground to-morrow, at. 11 a.m. The banks and public offices will close at noon, and the attendance of spectators will probably be large, more especially as, from all we bear, the contest is likely to be exciting, the teams being about equally matched. Great pains have been taken to* get a good wicket, and it is now in first class condition. We may remind members of the association of the necessity of bringing their tickets, because they will not be admitted without them. From the annexed list of the teams, it will bo seen that some slight changes have been made :-Ballarat : Messrs. C. M. Watson, A. J. 10. Morey, G. Antcliffc, K. Kings- ford, C. Thompson, A. Bennett, C. Kettle, C. Scates, H. Pobjoy, F. Osborn, and J. Brokenshire ; scorer, Mr. S. Ferguson. Southern Tasmania : Messrs. W. H. Walker, J. G. DavieB, E. J. Free- man, C. W. Butler, E. Lucas, J. Bennison, W. T. Birch, C. Lovett, G. Farmer, F. Burgess, H. V. Bayly ; umpire, Mr. T. Hewitt ; scorer, Mr. A. J. Chapman. Count de Zara.-The Count gave an interesting lecture yesterday morning at the Ladies' College to a large class consisting of pupils of the College, and some lady visitors. The subject was "The Study of Universal History, aeoording to the Methode Mnémon'v¡ue Polonnaise," invented by the Count, who succeeded in keeping his hearers' attention throughout his valuable remarks on this important subject. This evening Count de Zaba ¡b to deliver a lecture in the Brisbane-street schoolroom attached to the Presentation Convent, in aid of the society for procuring clothing for poor children. The subject is the " Study of Universal HiBtory and Literature." A Prohable Case op Manslaughter.-We mentioned a few days since that a woman named Elizabeth O'Brien alias Humphries, had been taken to the General Hospital in a critical state, suffering from injuries caused by a woman named Elizabeth McCarthy, who had severely beaten her about the head, neck, and body, and tore a quantity of hair from her head. The following (Saturday) morning after Humphries had been admitted to the hospital she was taken away in a cab to her own house, as she was believed tobe recovering. Subsequently however, Bhe had a relapse, and grew gradually worse, until yesterday she waa believed to be in a dying state. A certificate to that effect having been given by Dr. Butler, who has been attending her ¡ her dying depositions were taken yesterday afternoon by Mr. Reynolds, benoh clerk, before Mr. D. Lewis, J.P., and a warrant was taken out for the arrest of the woman McCarthy, who was arrested during the afternoon by Detective Simpson on a charge of "unlawfully and maliciously woundingoueElizabeth O'Brien on the 2nd iust." From what we have been able to learn of the disturbance, it appears that about 5 o'clock on Friday morning Humphries was in the house of Mrs. McCarthy, who keeps an oyster saloon and eating-house, opposite Crouch's auction mart, Liverpool-street. A quarrel took place between them while they were inside, and Hum- phries went to the door with the objeot of palling a cqnatable. To prevent her doing so Mrs. MoCarthy followed her, and throwing her down on the ground assaulted her in the manner described. McCarthy will be brought up at the Polioe Court this morning on tho above-stated charge, and will probably be re- manded till some day next week. Another Fearful Disaster. - The following telegram appears in yesterday's Chronicle:-"The Californian mail brings details of a horrible railway disaster, where á viaduct gave way and precipitated a train with five hundred passengers into a valley, where tbey were crushed and burned to death." Derwent Yacht Club.-The adjourned meeting of members is to be held this evening at the Nautilus Hotel, at 8 o'clock. The business is to dUouss the question of time allowance. Sir W. H. Gregory.-Monday's Argus says : '.' Sir William Gregory, the Governor of Ceylon, is at present a guest at Government-house, and on Saturday, accompanied by His Excellency Sir Geo. Bowen, he visited the principal public institutions of tho city, including the Public Library and Na? tional Gallery, the University, and the Melbourne Hospital. Ho was very favourably impressed with all fie saw, the hospital and its system of manage» ment especially receiving his warm commendation. lu the visitors book he stated his opinion of the institution in very complimentary terms. To-day, Sir Win. Gregory will visit Pentridge and the re- maining publie institutions. On Tuesday he pur- poses going to Ballarat to inspect some of the prin- cipal gold mines, from whence he proceeds on a visit to Sir Samuel Wilson, of Ercildoun, for the remainder of the week. Next week he intends pro* ceeding to Tasmania on a Bhort visit to Governor Weld, after whioh ho will become the guest of Sir Hercules Robinson at Sydney. As Sir Wm. Gre- gory's leave only extends for three months, be must leave Sydney for Ceylon about the middle of March. He intends returning by the Torres Straits mail." Successor to the Lvre Rev. A. M. Henderson. -The deacons of the Collins-street Congregational Church received a telegram ou Saturday stating that the Rev. Tbos. Jones, of Swansea (Wales), had accepted the pastorate of the church. Mr. Jones, (says the Argus) was formerly minister of Bedford Chapel, Loudon, and has a high reputation for pulpit eloquence. He is about 55 yean of age, and has had along experience in the ministry. When first offered the pastorate by the committee of selection iu London he refused to accept it, but a direct tele- gram from the deacons has induced him to change his mind. Mr. Jones, it is expected, will leave for his now charge as soon as possible. The Kennedy Family.-Cltunibers's Journal of December 2nd apd Qth contain a notice of Mr. David Kennedy's book of the tour of the family round the world. The papers are over the well known initials " W. C. " who, speaking of the Kennedy family, says:-"The group is somewhat intoi eating. We chanced to light upon the father, David Kenuedy, about twenty years ago, at a very obscure place of public entertainment, and thinking there was tho right stuff in him, we counselled tho trial of his wings iu a more pretentious atmosphere by singing, with illustrations, the songs in Ramsay's 1 Gentle .Shepherd '-wonderfully finn lyrics that in a popular way had dropped out of notice. The thing took. In a single night Kennedy made his name as a Scottish vocalist ; and so on he has gone ever since, fortified with tho assistance of his family. Like a flock of nightingales, thoy go piping thoir way from country to oountry, everywhere stirring up kindly recollections of home and its lyrical associations. Having just returned from a pio louged excursion, which iucluded Australia! New Zealaud, California, and Canada, David, one of the sons, has given an account of this remarkable family expedition, of which we propose to take some little notice. The book might have been improved in stylo by leaving out a variety of colloquialisms, but taking it as it stands it offers some graphic notices of the places visited, and of the adventures that were encouutered." Of Tasmania, " W. C." remarks : " Wo have a short but good account of the ¡aland, and its decent orderly inhabitants. As regards the people of Hobart Town, we are told they are in a marked degree homely and hospitable, and during tbeir stay the party met with muob. private friend- ship. ' It was our happy privilege to meet an excellent lady, the grand- daughter of Niel Gow, and daughter of Nathaniel Gow, the composer of ' Caller Herrin.' " We enjoyed the kindly hospitality of herself and her pleasant family. They were very musical. The good lady is a talented teacher of music, and her two sons are organists iu the city. At her house we spent Christmas Ero and the last night of tho year. . . . The people of Hobart Town support a fine choral society. In their appreciation of the songs of Scotland they were not behind any other portion of the autipodes, and the Buccess wo met with was continued throughout the island.' At Launceston, the Kennedies gave their farewell concert concluding an elaborate per- formance with ' God Save the Queen,' sung iu parts to an enthusiastic audience. Tho last of Tasmania, on sailing across the straits to Melbourne, was seen in magnificent weather." The Queen on the Education op HeR Daughter.-" I am quite clear that she should be taught to have great reverence for God aud for reli- gion, but that sho should have the feeling of devotion-and love which our Heavenly Father encourages His earthly children to have for Him, and not one of fear and tremblpig; aud that the thoughts of death and an after life' should not be represented in an alarming and forbidding view, and that she should be made to know as yet no difference of creeds, aud not think that ahe oau only pray on hor knees, or that those who do not kneel are less fervent and devout in their prayers." . , . While wishing to bo guided in all things relating to the eduoation of the Royal children by the'Prince's wishes, Her Majesty from time to time placed upon record, in writiug, her own views upon the subject. In these memoranda, the education of the head is well provided for, but the education of the heart is dwelt upon as of primary impórtanos. One of them, dated 4th March, 1S44, winds up thus ¡-" The greatest maxim of all is-that the children should lie brought up as simply, aud in as domestic a way as possible ; that (not inteifering with their lessons) they should be as muoh as possible with their parents, and learn to place their greatest confidence in them in all things." The question of religious training is also dwelt upon repeatedly and anxiously. That this is best given to a child, day by day, at its mother's knees, was the Queen's convolution. Even so early as 1844, how. ever, the pressure of public duty made it impossible to keep this part of the education of tho l'riuceas Royal wholly withiu her own bandi. " It is already a hard case for me," Her Majesty says, iu a momorauduui of the 13th November of that year, " that my occupations proveut me being with her when she says her prayers."-L\fe of the Prince Con iori. 