WESTEItN AUSTRALIA. By the Tanjore we have Western Australian , papers to October 27. We take the following items of news fromtfae Inquirer of that date ' The Eucla telegraph line, which is to pat lis in direct communication with Adelaide and'the outer world, is rapidly-advancing towards-com pletion, and will be finished by about the end of flie Tear. The South Australian Government are assisting in'the construction of the remaining portion of our side of the line, and this will tend to effect a junction between our borders more rapidly. Great difficulties have been experienced in forwarding supplies to those engaged in this arduous'work, carting in some places having to be done a hundred miles.' There seems, how ever, every prospect that the undertaking will amply repay its trouble and cost. There seems no probability that the offer to put on steamers between here and the Eastern Colonies will be taken up; and, more than this, the present sole steamer on oar coast seems fated, through the action of the Legislature, to' leave us early next year.- A telegram received states that Captain Audley Coote, in addition to his telegraphic business, has partly arranged for a steam mail service between Perth and Singa pore ; and a rumour is abroad that he contem plates establishing a monthly service between" Melbourne and the Straits, embracing the ports of this colony. Should he succeed in completing this arrangement,'though it is unquestionably not so desirable as that to the Eastern Colonies proposed by Messrs. Lilly & Co., yet it may form a nucleus for more extensive steam traffic than we have hitherto enjoyed. It seems pro ■ hable that the arrangement referred to is that in connection with the Banda Company,.whose offer was laid before the Legislative Council and approved of last session. This Company made a proposition for bi-monthly communica tion between here and the Straits Settlements for a subsidy of £4,000 per annum. This offer was approved, but in the opinion of the House seemed too liberal to he genuine, and a sum of £6,000 was placed at the uiscretionary disposal of the Government. There is at present some little stir in connec tion with public works. The section of the Geraldton Railway lately opened is working satisfactorily, and considerable quantities of lead ore and wool have been conveyed from inland to the Northern port The agitation in regard to the line from Fremantle to the Eastern Districts, via Perth and Guildford, is unabated, and various offers have been put forward for its construction. The promoters of the Floating Dock at Fremantle seem intent not to let the matter fall through, as so many other important works have. At? influential Directory has been formed, and measures are already being taken to secure the requisite timber and pumping machinery; and it is to he hoped the undertaking will be pushed on as rapidly as possible. The weather has been for some time most un seasonably dry and hot, and the crops have suffered severely. The drought, however, appears to have terminated, rain having fallen iu most of the inland districts during the past week. Baron von Mueller has proceeded to Champion Bay, and he is now on a journey overland thence to Shark's Bay. His stay in the colony will probably extend over two or three months. We shall probably have the honour of claiming the Baron as a colonist at some futcre day. He has already taken up a large block of land near I Bunbury. Mis Excellency Sir Marry Ora is expected to arrive from England by the next mail. The Hon. O'Grady Lefroy (Colonial Treasurer) will probably represent the colony at the Paris Exhibition. ! Mr. Helmich, Postmaster-General, has been obliged to relinquish his duties through illness. Mr. R. A. Sholl, the Chief Clerk, has at present the charge of the department. The revenue for the quarter ending September 30 was £35,8230s. 9d.; the expenditure £44,601 19s. Rich speeimens of gold quartz have been found at Roebourne, computed to average five to six ounces to the ton. About three weeks ago a distinct shock of earthquake was felt at Pinjarrali, on the Murray River. The shock extended about fifty miles ! round that locality, and was accompanied by a noise resembling the discharge of cannon. Sericulture is progressing satisfactorily both in the Government establishment and that of Mons. Beurteaux. Two interesting cases have been tried in the J Supreme Court during the month. One was a | charge of poisoning with intent to hill brought j against Horton Bateman. The alleged victim in the case was Mr. George Thompson, a mer chant, of Fremautle, and the accused was his confidential clerk. The evidence disclosed a knotty complexity of facts, and after a lengthy trial the Jury acquitted the accused. The other was a civil action brought by two settlers against Mr. Thomas Wilding, of Northam, for having, in endeavouring to save his own pro perty from a monster bush-fire, caused the destruction of theirs. This matter had been the subject of two previous actions connected with what is popularly known as the " Mokine fire," in . which a verdict was given against W ildiug, in favour of Henry Leeder. Wilding i in the present case defended himself, and ob tained a verdict in both actions. Extsaobdinaet Mf,teob.—The Perth Inquirer \ publishes the following description of a meteor which was mentioned in one of our Western Australian telegrams:—" On Wednesday even- : ing last, the 17th inst.,one of the most beautiful and extraordinary of meteors was seen at about a quarter-past 6 o'clock. A large ball of light ! suddenly made its appearance nearly due west of Perth, high up in the heavens, and slowly fell in a slightly northerly direction, and burst i to pieces just before reaching the horizon, and immediately the track which the meteor had taken became illuminated and assumed the appearance of an enormous jet of steam, of a bright golden green colour, which was distinctly visible for over 20 minutes. This appearance kept altering its shape; at one time it looked like a huge snake, slowly moving as it gathered in its coils, and finally broke into three pieces, like the letter E and vanished. A meteor of a similar character was recently seen at North ampton." 