2NGo relating to he climat.e of Antrac eus mzst hatve inntrst for the inhabitantt gsneally, sian molst of the diffinolriea arttsudig the oompotion of the country trioe froa edimatic influence,. If by aoy coueea bthe inegolarity of the seoaons were retuced, the capacity of the territory to aupport an iacroaing populotion in comfort wonld be griatly enlargod. In thin view we notiw: wil-h much interat a statlernrt reoontly put fowardl by Mr. La?nduahorougl,, a well.known exploror in C~uer?nloand. hion liro him have opportu?nitios of ob?.orvititn which do not fall to the lot of p:r uoni wiho.?r lives aro roulriotod withiu nourrlower bollndoI, nd thoir opinions nro Ilhorciforo worthy of more thin ordinary lltonotion. ]Irirfly otlatod, the piiiar.it whiihli Mr. Lrrltidihorou~gh hno airrived i that Auintralii in graduanlly hei. tolning t wottor counltry, itnd the onu0A whioh he uoluigun for lthia proutilloud offotl; in thin, l]oforo the country wanl no fully stoolted, the provaelonce of lolng dry graOo loi0 to frq?qiout hIu?l-flron. I'ljn (ironl destroyed largo qhuatition of foroet growth, and pro. vented the sprond of troes lnd thrubs. The grae boinfg now kopt more geonorally onton down, bhn-.firoe hveo bonomo inoat only lose frequent but llon oxtonnive in their range, nod the foront growth not eoing to the onmo extent kept downv, thie country in boooming moreo donnoly wooded; llnd n I a onooqeuouo of this, tihe rainfall in mloro frquouft cnud equablo. Suoh in Afr. Lf?ifdboroughl' viow, whioh trill prolfbaly strike lanly porlonll nof cmor'whlrt nCol, for lor~ing only at what takes pInoo in tho noilghbilrhood' alof nottl.. mentl one mighlt be inolined to thinlk that the onuntry in bonominlfg ldeolludod of tilholar rather thrillan booominlg Iore donnely woodeld. Bit Il holeh1a that tlie extont of oilltivation .OlId rloringr i whiolh hIfll tilkillh placo hifo habrdly ynt tollnobdl tille nitfn of tihe torritory. An.' llaowingl h lulo ohango wllih iano tIlkon plaoa for the bnttorl ,Mr. I.lllandaorullagh pointo out that if wa wIoro nurlleijot Ilow toi sucoh periods of drounglt tno formeely onollrrofl withb lie, amilutilt o(f ntlok l ow toploftullllred0 the stook mastl be onept from tle floon of tilhe oountry, TIhero is capufinly illn roolt air- .I , ,, outaktane some degree of sapp t to the odpinion he has put forth. If there be any?I -foundation of fact in the ceyclic theory, we hare just now passed through a recurrent period of dryness, Three years in succession have followed with a deficienet and irregular rain fall. But in past times similar periods have been much more severe;s: However mucholf inconvenience and loss may have been ex perienced in various parts of the country during the recent so-oalled cyclic period of drought,; it has been trifling· sa compared with what must hare happened had the drought been as general and peraistent as it has previoasly been known to be. It is also worthy of note that during the period just passed, notwithstanding the frequent com plaints of draought, there hase not been a prevalence of bush.-fires to anything like the extent which was formerly common. at such times; and owing to this immunity~it is reasonable to suppose that the forest growth, rapid as it is known to be, must'have be come denser and have enlarged its bounds. So far as a limited opportunity of observa tioun enables one to judge, there is reason to believe that the fact is so. If we suppose the process of growth sad eitension to be silently but surely going on throughout the vast extent of country untouched by cultiba tion or clearing, we can readily perosive that there may be good grounds for the opinion advanced; an; d if so, the fact has immense 'signifiincne, for scientific observers are pretty well agreed that extension and increase of density in forest growth would-lead to a more equable distribation of rainfall, and a.more equable distribution of rainfall is the oane thing precisely which is wanted to ameliorate the climatic conditions of this country and adapt it more thoroughly to theo purposes of permanent settlement. At the same time it must be evident that in the neighboorhood of settlement, men are apparently doing their best to counteract the beneficent inflaence elsewhere ass?omed to be at work, and that wooded lands- are rapidly dended, with a reckless disregard not only of the effects upon the climate which such a process may hare, but with a total lack of providence in regard to the future supplies of timber for the use of the popula tion; so that, if we asumone that the process is to contianus as settlement goees on extend ing, it is not difficult t. foresee the time when the natural process of restoration and ex tension may be neutralised and the supposed improvement in the character of the climate he cheeked. The clearing away of timber from ground intended to be eultivaited is a matter of necssity, nor is there any reason to suppose that this exefats any hart?ul influaence upon the climate,. The effect of cultivation is held rather to be beneficial in this respect. The soil absorbs moisture more readily, andj this being parted with slowly helps to form dewe and local rains. But the killing of timber over large tracts of country, as lis done by the process of sapping or rinibghark iag, is a different matter; and there is reason to believethat if the practice he persisted.in so ei to embrace a ;conaiderable portion of the wooded lands of the country, the effeit will be more hurtful in a climatic point of view thean .it will be beneficial in incresinig the pastoral capacity of the country. Aecooh sideration of this kind ise perhaps too remote to affect those who think only of augmenting the present supply of grass; but it may be advanced with reason that this end might be secured as offectually and as profitably by clearing and breaking up portions of the soil and laying down improved pasture as by denoding the country of its forest growth and depriving stock of their natural shelter. We are aware that some of the advocates of riogbarkLing maintain that it not only in creasee the carrying capacity of the country, but that it can have no effect upon the rain fail. We have eoven eon it et itod that rain ometinmes fialt in open clecringa while it remains dry in .djoiuiug forre.t lan i, nod that therefore thbtre is omeo repellilng influ ence unfavorable to raino in the native forect growth. But thevo are asortione opposed to the testimooy of inquirerN generally an well as to the recorded fatts of hivtory. It is no doubt true that the heavy general falls of rain eometimes ezxperienced, which comno borne by winds from theo vnait ourrouldirng ocean, have their oiigin in causCen wider than any ramere local circumrstar.cea. But the local roiar.o-the fertilizing slhowere and thunderstorme, the refrenbing dew-ari~s from cuesen operating within the territory itself. It i tLhe?e) that may be oerperct: to be influeanoced tby the condition of the country -increaoiscd as it becomen covered by foreat growth, or diminishecd an it becomon do. naded. Oortoiinly Mr. Landborough pohal: vrith no hesitation uplon the point. IZo is not only ?cooeincc1 that the climato hce undeor gone a change, that the reuinfll hab in creased, hbut bho is ceoar as to the cnuno, tlii beinlg namely the incrrascd ntxtollnt tid donity of the foreet growth conoequont upon the diminrution of buhh-firee. The oubtjeot ie worthy the attention of every ohbervPint colonist; nndl if it ln cloerly eitibli iihod tlitit theio limateo ii undnrgoing a lrlceCnS of amolioration from Ithe eoltolliion of fornnt growth, meon may be diepoonod to honitate before comltinuing procrticre cailculated tI noutrilizo n hlonoficinl ii tendency. The waluit of Iln equablo supply of tuoilturo in the onliy eorious lrdriivwblck to th iis climato; mndt it woull be a otrikling orxhibihion of utn windom if, while llnaturo iti worlking for thei blotlit of the inhtabitonte by reioo'ving thile drawback, they ehould purveoroly peroiut in thwarting hor. 