TOWN TALK. Still again! A memorandum from the local Telegraph-office states that the Port Darwin line is interrupted north of Alice Springs. We learn that the Chief Secretary will ad- dress the electors of Geelong on Monday, the 21st inst., on the political situation. An accident occurred on the railway line last evening at the station. A pilot engine used for shunting ran into the train from Melbourne, throwing the guard's van off the rails and smashing the Post-office van. The buffers of the two vans and the engine were broken and bent, and about £20 worth of damage done. The mailman and guard were injured by the collision, and a number of passengers knocked about but not seriously hurt. A report of the accident will be found elsewhere. Bushfires were raging yesterday tn the stations of Messrs James Strachan, W. J. Austin, and A. Dennis, between Colac and Birregurra. The fires burnt right up to the main road, and some of the telegraph poles were in flames. Laborers were it great demand, the owners of the properties on fire offering men £1 each to lend a hand to beat out the flames. The residents of Moolap are desirous of obtaining the right to graze and water their cattle in the vicinity of Reedy Lake. Yes- terday afternoon Crs. Sutterby and Devine, along with the Secretary of the Bellarine Shire Council, attended at the White Horse Hotel, Moolap, for the purpose of receiving tenders for the rights alluded to. Seven per- sons interested in the matter also attended the committee meeting. Three tenders were re- ceived, two from owners of sheep in the loca- lity of the lake, and one from residents united in their action. The sheep owners, tenders offered a larger rental per year than the re- sidents, and as the Council had given in- structions for certain cessions to be made to the general body of the ratepayers, there was some discussion over the matter. The two Councillors were divided in opinion, and ultimately it was decided to adjourn the meeting until next Wednesday afternoon, when the whole Council will be summoned to attend, and in the meantime any addi- tional tenders for the privileges will be re- ceived. Several large bush-fires have been raging around Smythesdale and Buninyong for the past few days, and considerable quantities of fencing and grass have been destroyed. The proceedings at the Police Court ter- minated very abruptly yesterday morning. Whilst the case in which Henry Young was charged with assaulting Henry Mulholland with intent to do him grievous bodily harm was proceeding, Mr Panton, P.M., who was the only magissrate on the Bench at the time adjourned the Court for ten minutes. On Mr Panton coming on the Bench at the expiration of the time for adjournment, he remanded Young until to-day, Inspector Burton, who prosecuted, and Mr Whyte, who defended the prisoner, at once agreeing to this course. It was understood that the reason for the adjournment was owing to Mr Panton receiving instructions that his services as Police Magistrate had been dispensed with, in consequence of the action of the Ministry in connection with the crisis. It was a moot point whether Mr Panton could not sit as a justice, but it is said that he considered the best course to adopt was to remand the pri- soner, to allow some other magistrates to deal with the case. The Court was ad- journed as soon as the prisoner had been re- manded. The heat, as registered by Mr C. K. Pear- son, yesterday was as follows:- At 2 p.m., shade 84°, sun 114° ; 3 p.m., shade 86°; sun 121 °; 4 p.m., shade 88°, sun 116° ; 5 p.m., shade 84°, sun 90°. An accident of a painful nature happened to a man named John Duigan on Tuesday. He was working on a platform at Monday's tannery, when it gave way, and he received a severe contusion to the hip. The injury was attended to at the Hospital. The Emu Hotel, together with three acres of land off the Queenscliffe road, was yester- day purchased, at the auction rooms of Mr E. J. Jones, by Mrs H. Hickey, for £380. A five-roomed house in Bendigo-street, Chil- well, having a frontage of 30 feet to Bendigo street by a depth of 100 feet, was sold by the same auctioneer to Mrs J. M. Anderson, for £50. John Lonkest, apian employed on board the schooner Caroline, had two of his fingers crushed severely yesterday whilst unloading goods. A child named Jane Roughan had her thigh broken by a kick from a cow at War- renheip, on Tuesday. A woolsorter at Guthrie and Co.'s stores, Ballarat, was sunstruck on Monday after- noon. He was taken to the Hospital, but never rallied, and died on Tuesday morning. Chades Whelan, the Ballarat amateur de- tective was fined £10, in default three months' imprisonment, at the City Court on Tuesday. Some very successful experiments were made with the telephone at the premises of Messs M'Lean Bros, and Rigg, Melbourne, on Tuesday night. A number of ladies and gentimen assembled at the warehouse in Elizabeth-street, and were entertained with a vey distinct conversation, which was car- ried on between themselves and some persons at the store in Bourke-street. Tunes were played on the violin, cornopean; and flute in Bourke-street, all of which were heard dis- tinctly in Elizabeth-street. The following new insolvency was filed on Tuesday:- William Hunter, junr., of Killare, blacksmith. Liabilities, £377 14s 11d; assets {secured), £115; deficiency, £262 14s lid. , Causes of Insolvency : Sick ness in family, heavy discount on renewal of bilis, and falling off in business. The meetings in connection with the Week of Prayer were continued last evening in the Wesleyan Church, Pakington-street. The sacred edifice was well filled. The Rev. J. De Q. Robin presided. The subject for the evening was "Prayer for Christian Families," a very impressive address upon which was given by the Rev. J. D. Robert- son. Prayer was offered up by the Rev. Mr. Turnbull and others. The meeting this evening will he held in the Wesleyan Church, Yarra- street, and the address, on "Prayer for Nations, etc.," will be delivered by the Rev. C. S. Y. Price. The mid-day prayer meetings held in the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Association have been well attended during the week. Mr Richard Stewart, who, in his dual capacity of actor and manager at the Theatre Royal, has been so long a favorite with the Melbourne public, announces a novel entertainment at the Mechanics' In- stitute on Monday next and the two fol- lowing evenings. The title of the enter- tainment, which has been specially written for the Stewart Family by Mr Garnet Walch, is " Rainbow Revels—a medley of mirth, music, mischief and mimicry ; " and Mr Stewart is assisted in its representation by those belles of the Australian stage, the Misses Docy, Maggie, and Nellie Stewart. Upwards of twenty distinct characters are portrayed in the course of the piece, which abounds in sparkling music, lively situations, and hearty but withal refined fun. Mr Walch, it seems, has made the most of the opportunity afforded him in writing for such first-class artistes as Mr Stewart and his daughters, and has suc- ceeded in putting together an entertainment which exhibits the powers of this talented family to great advantage. The Rainbow Revellers have just returned from Tasmania, where the piece was a pronounced success, the local papers all speaking of it as the best ever seen in the island. It will, doubtless, draw large audiences at the Mechanics'. The annnal meeting of the subscribers to and governors of the Geelong Hospital will he held at the Town-hall at half-past seven o'clock this evening. The members of the St. Vincent de Paul's Society desire to return their grateful thanks to the following ladies and gentlemen for the very liberal supply of provisions and money sent, by them to enable the members to provide the usual Christmas treat to their poor :—viz., Messrs Branch, Bannerman Mathews, Clement, Mansfield, Couves, Fitzpatrick, Howard, Craven, P. Ma- thews, M'Gonigal, Whitelaw; Mesdames Kenny, Hourigan, Burns, Treacey, Els- don, O'Donnell, Cahill, L. Derrace, Watson, Brogan, and Miss Mathews. The following were the amounts collected:- Mrs D. O'Brien, 10s; Mrs Hogan, 5s ; Mrs Mathews, 5s; Mrs Fitzpatrick, 5s; Miss Byrne, 5s ; Mr Britter, 2s 6d; Mrs Murphy 2s 6d; Mrs Smith, 2s 6d; Mrs Keane, 2s 64 ; Mr Dobbin, 2s 6d; Mrs Wingrove, 2s 6d; Mrs Horan, 2s. We have received a printed circular from the Victorian Funeral Reform Association, setting forth its objects, which may be briefly described as the abolition of the ostentation and display at present character- istic of funeral ceremonies. With the very influential Committee whose names are pre- fixed the circular, the Association ought to make its influence felt in the community. A general order-was issued to the Volun- teer force from headquarters on Tuesday, recalling the Martini-Henry rifles at pre- sent issued, and commanding that all shooting for matches and practice cease after the 10th inst., pending farther orders. As drowning men clutch at straws, so do the Melbourne police grasp at the faintest possible clue to the elucidation of the Fitzroy kidnapping mystery. On Tues- day afternoon a woman carrying an in- fant was met by some persons on the Sandridge road, and because she averred she had been walking all night and offered to make a present of the child to one man, the police have since been industriously engaged in trying to catch up her trail and run her to earth. A meeting of electors will be held at the James Watt Hotel, Spencer-street, Mel- bourne, on Friday evening next, to consider what steps shall be taken in reference to the attempt that is being made to disfranchise a portion of the West Melbourne constitu- ency. We (Gippsland Mercury) were shown a very fine specimen of oats on Monday, grown by Mr Davidson at Valencia Creek. They had a very healthy appearance, and alto- gether were as good a sample as ever we have seen. Mr Davidson also has a capital crop of Oregon barley, which he computes will go 60 bushels to the acre. A destructive fire occurred at St. Kilda on Monday night. The head assistant in the shop of Mr Wood, draper, had entered one of the large windows with a light to ignite the gas, when some lace curtains ac- cidentally caught fire, and in a few minutes the whole of the valuable stock on exhibi- tion was completely destroyed. The dam- age is expected to amount to several hun- . dred pounds. The stock is insured. Mr Hugh George, late General Manager of the Argus, left for Sydney on Tuesday by the s.s. City of Melbourne, to assume the managership of the Sydney Morning Herald. The election of a free boarder at Wesley College, Melbourne, took place on Tuesday. A son of the late Rev. John Mewton was chosen, out of four candidates. The Pleasant Creek News remarks that Tuesday was, without doubt, the hottest day experienced this summer. The thermo- meter stood at 107 degrees in the shade, and with the scarcity of water which prevails, the heat was almost unendurable. The ranges in the vicinity were covered through out the day by dense volumes of smoke, ap- parently from bush fires. Before the assembling of the Legislative Council on Tuesday afternoon (says the Argus), a majority of the members met pri- vately and agreed that, in the event of the hon, member representing the Government objecting to go on with the measures on the notice-paper, they should be taken charge of by Mr Anderson; and also that notice of motion should he given in regard to the adoption of on address to the Governor upon the present state of political affairs. The Edinburgh Castle Hotel Ballarat, was nearly being destroyed by fire under peculiar circumstances on Tuesday. A workman was engaged endeavoring to dis- cover a leakage in the gas service, and for this purpose was examining the pipes with . the aid of a lighted candle. The flame from this communicated with the gas in a broken pipe, which at once flared up ; and a con- flagration was only averted by the presence of mind of the gasfitter, who immediately nipped the broken pipe and thus shut off the supply of gas. A telegram to the Argus from its London correspondent says:—"A Berlin telegram states that, through the friendly action of Germany, Russia gives guarantees of non- interference with British interests, and Eng- land consents to direct negotiations between Russia and Turkey." The London corres- pondent of the Age supplies the following item of intelligence:—"Lord Derby has in- formed Russia that England must partici- pate in the peace negotiations. The British Government cannot consent to any arrange- ment between the belligerents which shall ignore the right of the other European Powers to a voice in the proceedings." A young woman, 17 years old, respectably connected, took an unexpected departure from Warrnambool on Monday week. Her mother, a widow, who was engaged in dress- making at Miss Moore's, had for some short time past boarded in Warrnambool. It ap- pears (says the Guardian) that she engaged a conveyance here to take her to Colac; but on her arrival at Terang, she booked through in the mail coach to Colac, and took the train for Geelong or Melbourne. At Panmure and elsewhere she borrowed sums of money, in all about £14, saying that her brother would refund the several amounts. A warrant, at the instance of her friends, has been issued for her arrest, in which she is charged with having no visible means of support. Her friends are unable to assign any cause for the girl's strange con- duct. An unusual mortality amongst the milch cows has lately prevailed at Belfast, and some very fine beasts have been lost. Al- though some of the animals have been opened there appeared to be nothing to indicate the cause of death, the organs being apparently in a sound state. It is thought that some poisonous herb on the coast has carried off these animals. The Gazette suggests that as some of them were valuable, and the deaths appear to be on the increase, it would be as well for owners of stock in the vicinity of the coast to get a post mortem performed on the first subject by a veterinary surgeon. The inadequacy of the supply of rolling stock to meet the requirements of the traffic of the Railway Department is shown by the assistant traffic manager (Mr Anderson) in the following memo. to the Commissioner of Railways:—"24th December.—I regret to have to report that the passenger rolling stock has this year proved more inadequate than usual to meet the demands upon it. Last Saturday the Melbourne yard was un- avoidably so denuded of carriages that the fifty-five minutes past two and forty minutes past four North-Eastern, and the ten minutes past four p.m. Geelong and Ballarat trains had to await the arrival of the quarter-past seven a.m. North-Eastern and half-past eleven a.m. Ballarat trains ere the necessary vehi- cles could he procured for their despatch." The Melbourne correspondent of a country paper says:—" I understand that Sir Wil- liam Jervois made an important statement at a dinner given to him at the Government House when on his way from Adelaide to Tasmania. Sir William, in responding to the toast of his health, strongly denounced the Legislative Council of Victoria for throwing out the Forts and Armaments Bill because it was prefaced with a free- gift preamble. He added that in every case in which bills had been introduced into the Parliaments of England, etc., on his recommendation, they had free-gift preambles attached, and no exception was taken by the Upper House. If I am cor- rectly informed, and Sir William is right, this shows that the Legislative Council were in error." The Universal Continuous Railway Brake Company have written to the Railway De- partment to enquire whether it had been de- termined to adopt the brake which is the one invented by Mr Woods, and whether the Department would prefer to pay the royalty annually, or in one sum for the whole term of the patent. The following reply has been submitted by the locomotive overseer:—"The carriages fitted with the continuous automatic brakes referred to have been running upon the main line 200 miles per day since the 20th ult. most satis- factorily. The brakes have been in constant use when stopping at stations. The action of applying and taking off is very quick; no liability to get out of order, no undue strain on the rolling stock, simple and effective in construction. It is, in my opinion, more economical and effective than the Westingbouse pressure air break, or any other continuous break. As a means of safety to life and property, continuous breaks ought to be fitted to all the passenger rolling stock upon the Victorian railways. Pending further and complete comparative trials, the company should quote the amount of royalty required per vehicle absolutely." It was stated in our yesterday's issue that the Governor-in-Conncil had cancelled the order providing for drawback of duty on a large number of articles, a list of which was given in the Government Gazette. The nature and object of the determination were not generally understood; but the Age supplies the following explanation:—The drawbacks in question were cancelled, as it was feared that many persons would export goods on which drawbacks were allowed ostensibly for the purpose of sending them to other colonies, but in reality with the view of pro- curing the drawbacks and re-importing the goods free of duty after the Customs Duties Bill, • postponed by the Council, had been passed into law. Last night's Evening Post says:—A ser- ious accident occurred this morning to Mr Bulluss, of the firm of Rhodes and Bulluss, hay and chaff dealers, Lydiard-street, Bal- larat, by which he sustained a terrible cut on the under side of his left wrist. Mr Bulluss was engaged near a chaff-cutting machine in motion, the knives of which, unfortunately, were not "boxed," as is usually the case, when by some means or another he stumbled, and putting his arm out instinctively to save himself from fall- ing, it came in contact with the knives of the chaffcutter, gashing the limb to the bone, and apparently severing some of the | tendons. As the sufferer bled profusely, no time was lost in conveying him to the hos- pital, where he was immediately treated, and returned home. The machine is a power- ful one, worked by steam, and the wonder is that the injury was not greater. A serious accident occurred at Hobart Town on Sunday morning last to a young man named Edward Hill. The Mercury reports that he had proceeded during the morning with some friends to Priest's livery stables to see a sick horse, and whilst they were engaged in examining it the animal made signs of sinking down. Hill endea- vored to prevent this by propping it up with his head, which he placed against its side, but the support proving too feeble, the horse fell upon him, severely twisting his neck and injuring his spine. He now lies in a very precarious condition, and but slight hopes are entertained of his recovery. A sample of the helmets which have just been adopted in the British army is on view at Messrs Robertson and Moffat's, Bourke street, Melbourne. Referring to it in recent number, the Whitehall Review says : —" The new helmet for the English infantry is certainly the most becoming and the most soldier-like head-dress, as well as the most comfortable fitting and easy to wear, that has ever been issued to the English army. Twenty men belonging to one of the regi- ments at Aldershot were paraded the other day in full marching order, and wearing the helmet. Their appearance was as superior to that of soldiers wearing the shako as it is possible to imagine. The shape of the head- dress, as finally decided upon, is almost exactly that of the white helmet worn by all our troops in India. There is nothing of the German cut about it. It will stand a good bit of knocking about, and protects the wearer's neck most completely from the rain." If this helmet is adopted in the Vic- torian volunteer force, of course the white one, as in use in India, will he adopted. The Kyneton Guardian has the following : —" Mrs Ham Gould, of Lauriston, met with a serious accident on Tuesday morning. While in the act of taking a pot of clothes off the fire her dress ignited, and she ran out in the back yard all in a blaze, scream- ing. Some neighbors living near ran to her assistance. Great praise is due to Mrs Soper, who, at imminent risk to her- self, caught Mrs Gould in her arms and partly extinguished the fire. She then threw a bucket of water over her, and with some assistance got the burning clothes off Mrs Gould. Mrs Soper got her hands severely burned, and will not be able to at- tend to her household duties for a week or so. Constable Smithwick chartered a cab, and returned with Dr. Smith, from Kyne- ton, in little more than an hour. Dr. Smith holds out no hope of her recovery. "It was very noticeable on Tuesday (says the Bendigo Advertiser) that a number of drays, wagons, etc, coming in from every direction, were loaded with wheat, showing that the farmers are not tooflush of money, or they would not be so ready to bring in their grain at a time when the market is al most flooded with it, but the fact of the matter is that the long continued drought has had the effect of so deteriorating the live stock, and the crops generally being so poor, that they must realise on something. The accounts from the country are truly de- plorable ; cattle and sheep are dying off wholesale, and those that have marketable live stock are selling them off to save their lives. The farmers say that if they don't get rain within a few weeks they will be obliged to put their stock on the market or see them starve as the country is rapidly being burnt up by the excessive heat and lengthened drought" The M. A. Mail says on the same subject;—"Mr George Ryland, who has come from Durham Ox, gives a deplorable account of the country on the plains on account of the drought. He has sunk tanks, but no rain has fallen to fill them ; he has dug wells, but when a few buckets of water have been obtained the well becomes dry before moving. He has had to clear all the stock off his selection on this account" Amongst the many places where old trees succumbed to the gale which swept over England on 11th November last, was Queen square, the chief site of the Bristol riots, and beneath one of the uprooted trees in the square were found the remains of a human skeleton, alongside of which was a clay pipe partially filled with tobacco. The receipts on the Government lines of railway for the week ending 3rd January, 1878, amounted to £24,542 19s, as compared with £21,636 0s 7d for the corresponding week in 1877. Passengers, etc, £15,803 16s 10d, as against £14,063 14s 11d in 1877 ; mer- chandise, minerals, and cattle, £8739 2s 2d, against £7572 5s 8d in 1877. Aggre- gate to this date from 1st July, £622,083 4s, against £565,615 3s 6d for the corres- ponding period in 1877- Weekly average (27 weeks), 1878, £23,040 2s 4d; 1877, £20,948 14s 2d. Number of miles open, 1878, 935; 1877, 699. 