GENERAL NEWS. ! S 01 j RaportH.nL- the disfcresainto hioli'-tbef ami- 4 lie of some 5: F the . discharged Civil servants bav4 been plunged continue to reach us. Yes- Gerday we heard, of a most deplorable case, that a family of nine, the father, mother, and eeoa children, who are literally without the nespries of life. According to our iutorma- Adortuhatfi gentieniati had only, been of a saiar'y barely sufficient to niam- taui nli family, and when he was discharged he haa hdt a pound in the world, but was slightly in ebt. As there appearsho probability of his j re-rustatemerit, tradesmen have stopped bis erJflfit, and hut for the kindness of a few friends the ¥amily wdald be iu a state of absolute star- ratfek. . ' Th'e following telegram was received from the Postmaster- General, Adelaide, on Monday "The Batavia superintendent of the Eastern extension xeiegi-ain company reiegrapns that' the Singapore and Batavia cables worked badly for some days prior to the totau interruption. The repairing ship Edinburgh was on her way from Rangoon to Singapore, but communication will probably be restored in about a week. Steamers arrive at Batavia from Singapore 3rd, 6 oh, 17th, and 20fch February ; but many local 'BtfeaVnfera are sure to arrive between these dates." The confusion created by the abolition of tolls, without any substitute being provided to de- fray , the cost of keeping the roads iu repair, forced the subject of a discussion at the meet ing' of 'the City Council on Monday. Councilor Patterson expressed a strong opinion that, as the Government had allowed the tolls to lap3e with out providing any substitute, the roads should be left to take care of themselves, but a majority was in favour of taking steps to keep them in repair for six months, and a resolution to that effect, respecting the St. Kilda lead, was carried. yjy projected closing of the Eastern Market dating the erection of the new buildings, which, it jis expected, will extend over two years, is creating some. alarm in the minds of property- owners in the neighbourhood. On Monday a petition was presented to the City Oouneil- praying that temporary provision should be made for continuing the market in the vicinity. The proposal was to " run a double row of stalls along the centre of Stephen street, forming similar accommodation to tke old Fleet Market , wmch stood in Farringdon street,. London. The council took time to consider the Fleet Market suggestion by referring the petition to one of tbe(work8 committees for report. It was agteed at the. meeting of the City Conncil on Tuesday to ptace a sum of £2.500 on the estimates for ; the current year, with the view pf planting trees in the streets of the. city. For the information of subscribers to the Indian Famine Relief Fund it is interesting to compare the cost of collection in each case as illustrative of what may be done by voluntary services. The Mansion- house fund amounted to- £486,000, and was collected at a cost of £8,800, being inclusive of £909 voted for clerical services. The Victorian fund amounts to £28,600, exclusive of £2,000 of favourah'e exchange, .. and the expense was only £214. Thus tne aetual cost of collection in London was a little over. If per. cent., whilst the actual cost.in Melbourne was only about f per cent. Not one penny has been expended by the Mel bourne Central Committee for commissions or clerical assistance, and we believe this is also strictlytrue of all th i local committees through out Victoria. The amount of cost is made up by acknowledgments in the Press at half -rates for advertisements, a few necessary "telegrams, and a small item for printing. This statement should, he satisfactory to the givers as showing that their contributions have been devoted so exclusively to the objects intended. The Wyndham council met on Monday; after noon, when the following tenders were ac-i cejjted : — For 20 chains Boundary road, James Urquhart, £187 12s, ; 13 chains Blackshaw's roZd, John Curry, £119 ISs. ; 50 chains pitch ing, etc. , \V iliiamstown road, Horsley and Paine. £220 ; pitching 7 cbainB Stone's road, Horsley and Pain, £28 2s. 6d. Annie Gray, a woman apparently about thirty five years of age, was brought be fore the Prahran bench of magistrates on Monday, Messrs. Brennan, Young, and Ecu: 'bug, and charged with stealing two pictures from the bar-room of the Toorak hotel, on the 18th inst. Shortly after missing his property the landlord gave informa tion to the police, and inquiries were instituted whub led to the discovery of the articles at Leigirs pawn office. On Saturday last, Con- stahlrrs M'Evoy and Charles arrested a woman in Pr? bran who answered to the description give/ . On searching her they found in her pos- sessi/o two large vases, valued at £7, for which she could not satisfactorily account. From in forms' ion received, the police communicated with the Rev. Father Corbett, priest of St. Mary.-- Church, St.. Kilda, who identified the vase i . s the property of the church. He had also missed some silver-plated candlesticks, whici have not yet been found. Father Corbett had n< t.iced the woman kneeling in the church several times lately, but as she appeared to be interim ou her devotions she was left undis- turbed. A third charge was brought against thfe i). l-;oner of stealing a door-scraper, valued at 126.. from a resident , of Prahran. For the first offence the prisoner was sentenced to one mon- l/a imprisonment,, for the second twelve months Vend for the third one month's impri- eopuient. While being taken to gaol, the woman aimicted to the constable who was escorting her mat she was the thief who had taken the two . velvet cushions and pair of silver-plated candlesticks from the sanctuary of St. Ignatius's Church, Norwood. Some interesting and successful experiments were made last Saturday evening (says the Ballarat Courier) in the presence of several, ladies and gentlemen, with a pair of telephones, constructed by Mr. H. Sutton, musicseller, of this city. One was placed in the basement, and the other in the third story. Several songs, such as " Rule Britannia," " Little Brown Jug," and " Paddle your own canoe," were .-113 into one and clearly heard at the other ' ml, where the chorus was sung in re sponse. The voices of the singers were reog- nised, and cooeying, laughter, imitations of the cries of various animals, and intelligible sen- tence, uttered at one end were heard at the other, and similarly replied to by Mr. Bland- ford, of the Electric Telegraph office, and other. Mr. Sutton intends making some im- provev .i which he feels satisfied will give him still better results. A startling adventure occurred during the excursion of the steamer Williams down the Bay on Monday. A little boy of seven years old was missing, and no news being heard of him, his parents got out at Dromana for the purpose of seeking for him. The Williams promised to send news to Dromana if anything was heard of the boy at Schnapper Point. When under Mount Martha it was noticed on board the Williams that a small vessel was waving a flag furiously, as if in distress, and when spoken, reported a small boy on the rocks. The Williams's boats were immediately sent to take the boy off, who, if he went ashore at Dromana, must have walked seven miles. It is really wonderful how he got into the position he did, and no doubt he would have been lost had he not been seen. The Williams, after a detention of half an hour, rescued the boy and proceeded on her passage. Our Queenscliff correspondent writes : — "The instructor in gunnery (Captain W. H. Snee) arrived here on Saturday last, for the purpose of taking measurements to construct racer-beds and racers for mounting a fourth 80 pounder gun in the present battery. The first of the 9in guns arrived here to-day. It left Geelong Railway Station yesterday afternoon, about 3 o'clock, and was drawn by fourteen horses. Everything went well till opposite the Royal hotel. Queenscliff, where it was found that the road would not bear the weight of the wheels, which sank to a considerable depth. This diffi- culty was overcome by running the gun down the hill, and taking a more circuitous route. I may mention that the weight drawn by the fourteen horses from Geelong to Queenscliff is upwards of 17 tons, including gun and trans- porting waggon. It is intended to mount six of the 9in. guns here, four of which will be mounted as soon as possible. The stores are arriving for dismounting the old 68 pounders and -pounders and replacing them with the 80-pounders now in the battery." The Jika Shire Council will hold its ordi- nary monthly meeting, on Monday next, when some very important business will be trans- acted, Councillor Mitchell will move that the services of the shire officers and the lighting of the main road with gas, be dispensed with. Great excitement exists in Jika owing to the main-road contracts having been suspended, and the result of next meeting is looked for- ward to with considerable interest by the people of Jika, and by none more anxiously than by the working men who are thrown out of employ- ment through the stoppage of tolls by the Government. The present drought is presenting a fearful aspect in the shires of Jika and Darebin. The creeks are already dry in many places, and all waterholes are quite empty. The inhabitants of Darebin are obliged to cart their water from Preston, a distance of nine miles. In fact, the country is in a most deplorable state through want of rain. The heat of the bush-fires and the sun is so drying up the scrub and timber that the farmers are in constant dread of being burnt out. Our Northcote correspondent writes :- "The bush fires are continuing to extend in the Plenty ranges to an alarming extent. The fires have passed through the forest north of the moun- tains, and there is not a vestige of green vegeta- tion to be seen for miles. The summit of the range is now on fire, and the flames are extend- ing down the west side. The splitters are suffering severely in consequence of the carting being prevented by the burning trees, which are continually falling and obstructing the roads. During last week some thousands of rails and palings were destroyed, and should the fires continue to extend down the west side, the farmers will suffer heavy losses." A child about six years of age, named Thomas Barnett, the son of a resident of Hotham street, Collingwood, whilst playing on the banks of the River Yarra, suddenly took it into his head to go into the water for a bathe, as a num- ber of other lads had done. The child got into the stream before any one could come to his assistance, and was very quickly drowned. On the occasion of the closing of the Emerald Hill and Sandridge Juvenile Exhibition on Saturday evening last, the president said that the committee were much gratified with the result of the exhibition. It was commenced as aa experiment, and with no view of pecuniary results. It was done with the object of bring- ing out the latent talent of the young people, and teaching them a little self-reliance. When a young larrikin broke a window, it was pub- lished in every paper in the colony. He thought it better to encourage young people to show what was good in them than always to be looking out for their faults. This little exhibition of the talents of the youths of Emerald Hill and Sandridge showed how much could be done with a little en- couragement. On behalf of the committee, he thanked the boys of the band for their willing services. Although the exhibition closed that evening, the committee expected to hear from Ballarat of many of the exhibits now in the room. He thanked the public for their support, and declared the exhibition closed. The band then played the National Anthem, and the work of removal commenced. An instance of the cool manner in which some persons break the eighth commandment came before the City Police Court on Monday morning, when an elderly man, named William Hoy- stead, was charged with stealing a block and a boy's suit of clothes from the shop of Mr. Taylor, a tailor, in Swanston street. It appeared that on Saturday afternoon a cab timekeeper saw the accused in Swanston street in company with what at first sight appeared to be a small boy who was stiff about the legs. A closer view revealed that the man was carrying at his side a wooden block, on which was arranged a youth's suit of clothes. Detective Considine's attention was called to the headless boy, and he arrested the man. The magistrates sent him to gaol for six months. A woman named Harriet Flanay, twenty- two years of age, was taken to the Melbourne Hospital in a dying state on Saturday morning, where she shortly afterwards expired. It ap- peared that she was a married woman, but lived apart from her husband in a place off King street with a man named George Green. On Friday night, it is alleged, whilst in a drunken state, she was thrown violently to the floor by Green, and was rendered insensible by the fall. Green allowed her to remain lying in the same state as she had fallen throughout the night without offering her any assistance, but in the morning others came to her aid and con- veyed her to the Hospital, as stated, where she died. Certain buildings have lately been erected on the north side of the Reilly street drain, Clifton Hill, where ammonia is manufactured from gas- water obtained from the Collingwood Gas Com- pany's works, and as several residents of the neighbourhood considered the operations a nuisance, and detrimental to public health, proceedings were taken against the proprietor, Mr. Andrew Gibbs Corbett, jun., for having erected such premises. The case has been before the Collingwood Bench on more than one oc- casion, when evidence from various people living near the works was obtained, to the effect that since operations had been commenced, health had been in several instances materially affected. Dr. Livingstone, the health-officer for Collingwood, and the inspector of nuisances, both gave evidence in favour of the works being continued. The case, however, came on for hearing again on Friday, when professional evidence was taken in the matter. Mr. Cosmo Newbery stated to the Bench that he had visited the works, and found that the manufac- ture of ammonia was carried on according, to the best method, and without any danger to health. The state of the Reilly street drain, however, was a subject of grave, importance, as the effluvia emitted from certain matter con- tained in the drain was of a very obnoxious character. Other evidence was forthcoming to the effect that the works did not, interfere with health ; and upon the Bench retiring to con- sider their decision, they returned divided in opinion, two magistrates being in favour of a conviction, and two against it. The case con- sequently fell through. A gun accident of a shocking nature occurred on Wednesday afternoon (says the Gippsland Times) at the Ninety mile Beach, about two miles from the Prospect recreation reserve. Mr. J. E. Paterson, curator of the Mechanics' In- stitute, in company with his cousin, Mr. E. A. Paterson, was out shooting ducks on a neigh- bouring creek, and was standing alone on a ti- tree bridge loading the second barrel of his fowling-piece, when it slipped through his fingers towards the water. The hammer of the right barrel, which was loaded, was forced against the cap, and the charge exploded. Mr. Paterson's left hand, which, unfortunately, was half over the muzzle, received the whole charge, and was terribly mangled, the flesh being torn away to the palm, the bones splin- tered, and the fingers left hanging by the shreds. Mr. E. A. Paterson, who was not far off, hastened up, and at once made a tourniquet round the wrist to stop the effusion of blood, and drove the wounded man into Sale with all speed. They went to the hospital, where Drs. Reid and Macdonald were soon in attendance. Seeing the impossibility of saving any part of the hand, chloroform was administered, and the shattered member amputated. According to the representations made to the Commissioner of Railways, the drought at Hamilton must be very severe. On Thursday Mr. Bromeil, M.L.C., introduced the mayor of the borough to the Commissioner, who was informed that the inhabitants, especially the poorer classes, were in a very serious plight for the want of water for domestic use. It was there- fore sought that the Government should do something to alleviate the wants of the people of the locality. Mr. Woods promised to give the matter his immediate attention with the view of at once running trains for the carriage, of water to Hamilton. The election of two members of the council of the Melbourne University was proceeded with by the Senate on Thursday. There was a large attendance on the occasion, and the warden (Dr. Madden) was in the chair, while the clerk (Mr. A'Beckett) was also in attendance. For the seat rendered vacant by the resignation of the Roman Catholic Archbishop, the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, there was only one candidate, namely Bishop Moorhouse, and he was, there- fore, declared, duly elected without opposition. The election of a member of the council, in the room of Judge Pohlman deceased, was then pro- ceeded with. There were originally three can- didates, namely, Professor Andrew, M.A, of the Wesley College ; Mr. Wrixon, M.A, bar- rister-at- law ; and Mr. Dwyer, barrister-at-law. The last- named gentleman retired from the contest, and the senate divided for the election of one of the other two candidates, the result being that Professor Andrew was elected by eight votes, the division being twenty-eight to twenty. Professor Andrew was, thereupon, declared duly elected. A number of gentlemen arrived too late to vote, but it is not likely that the result of the contest would have been altered had they voted. The proceedings of the Wattle Bark Commis- sion are regarded with considerable interest in all parts of the country, accounts being for- warded almost daily of the extent of stripping operations, which appear to have received an impetus by the proposal to impose a taxon and after the 1st of July. The evidence of the local tanners and agents taken last week is in the hands of the Government printer, and when issued will prove of especial value to the members of the board when inspecting the country. In all probability the first places visited will be Ararat, Stawell, and the country in a south- westerly direction. Local evidence will be called for at various stages on the journey, and as the caretakers of the forest reserves will act as guides, the members of the commission will be afforded the fullest opportunity for forming a correct estimate of the future prospects of the trade. The other districts calling for early in- spection are Beechworth, Yackandandah, Port- land, Casterton, and Gippsland, but no time is to be lost, as the report is expected to be ready in June next. A serious accident occurred on Wednesday morning (says the Mount Alexander Mail) to Mrs. Elliott, of Mestyn street east. While she was frying some meat her clothes accidentally caught fire, whereupon she rushed into the shop at the front, where her husband then was. Upon seeing her he threw her down upon the floor, and poured some water over her, and he soon had the assistance of neighbours. The flames were, however, too rapid and damaging, for when they were extinguished it was found that the poor woman was severely burnt about the face, legs, arms, and body. Dr. Malcolm, who was called in, did what he could for the im- mediate relief of the sufferer, who was shortly afterwards removed to the hospital, where she lies in a critical condition. Constable Stewart, of the Hawthorn Police Court, whilst on duty in Lower Hawthorn on Thursday morning, discovered on the banks of the Yarra, at the end of Denham street, some clothing belonging apparently to a man of medium height and build. They consist of an entire suit of male apparel, including black coat, trousers, and vest white cotten shirt, paper collar, flannel singlet, socks, and boots. In the pockets of the clothing were found a knife, cake of tobacco, matches, besides a six- pence and two threepenny pieces ; also, a scrap torn off the margin of a newspaper, on which was written, in female handwriting, "Mr. Johnson, Brighton street, Richmond." It is surmised that either an accident or suicide has occurred, and the police were yesterday engaged dragging the river near where the clothes were found, but up to a late hour last evening had not succeeded in finding the body of the person to whom they belonged. The people of Melton (writes our local cor- respondent) are in great straits for water. Their supply is just exhausted, and the shire council at its meeting on Friday voted a sum of money to try the experiment of sinking in the Tootam Toolern Creek, and see if a supply cannot be obtained for domestic use. People are driving their stock for miles to water, and the number which gather around any perma- nent water is so great that it is almost a matter of impossibility to get near the water at all. Some commotion was caused in Richmond Wednesday when it was found that Mr. Highett's paddock was on fire. The grass being as dry as hay, the fire soon spread over the whole of the paddock, and then entered the garden, which was partially consumed. The house and stabling were in danger at one time, but the Richmond Fire Brigade arriving, further damage was prevented. It is supposed that the fire originated through the rays of the sun being concentrated by some broken glass. Mr. Cornish exhibited some of his life-saving apparatus in Hobson's Bay Wednesday. One of the seamen having dived off the Cerberus, Mr. Cornish soon jumped overboard after him, and placing tbe man in the front part of the buoy, brought him back to the ship, showing how easily life could be saved by the use of such buoys. Captain Mandeville expressed himself satisfied of the superiority of these buoys ever the old-fashioned circular one now in use. The election for six members to serve on the committee of managoment of the Melbourne Hospital took place Wednesday, at the Athe naeum, and resulted in the appointment of the following gentlemen, viz. : — Messrs. J. Garton, 353 $ S. Lyons, 242 ; C. T. Blanket, 221 ; Geo. Meares, 212 ; J. Hart, 208 ; and Dr. Rees, 159. The others polled as follows : — J. Aarons, 14t ; T. E. Healey, 132 ; and P. Kelly, 81. The first six gentlemen were therefore declared eleeted. , A sad accident happened at Redan on Tues day afternoon (says the Ballarat Courier) by Which a. fine little child named Reed, aged pearly three years, lost its life. By some bieans it fell into a tub fall of water, and before it was discovered life was extinct. An illustration of the personal courage of our colonial youth was furnished on Wednesday evening last (says the BaUarat Courier), by a ' lad about fourteen years of age, named Stephen Lorden, a scholar in the B tunny oug State school. . The lad, in company with other scholars, had been bathing in the Government dam, and had partly dressed; when one of his .UOutpNtitODS1 WSw OlfQflfVcll IrO SIRS liO'r UlUCH notice was taken of the boy's position at the itime, as this is often cone as a trick te scare ;the rest. The hyj However, not re- appearing, !l'they became alarmed", and young L trocu plunged in, and found tbe boy lying in the mud near the outlet-pipe. He managed to bring 1 him to the Eurface, and ultimately succeeded in \- landing him en dry gronnd. A few moments more would have terminated the boy's earthly I career, as the body was rigid when landed. The ; lads had knowledge -enough to lay him on his t stomach, and by rolling him about, succeeded in : producing re-animation. In about half an hour j the lad was so far recovered as to be able to make | his way home. Some sort of recognition, no doubt, will be made to young Lorden for his activity and timely assistance. 