NEWS AND NOTES This day’s events:—Meeting of Town Council; opening of Queen street State school; meeting of Juvenile Industrial Exhibition committee; meeting of Mr B. J. Nicholls’ friends, North Grant hotel, 4 p.m. The striking of the gutter by the City Company is an event of considerable importance to Ballarat. This plucky company has fought a very long and very expensive fight,-, and we hope that the shareholders are now about to be rewarded for their faith and "perseverance. Only a very small trial has yet been made of the wasbdirt)but that was sufficient to show’ that-there is “good gold.” ; ‘The, gutter was'; just tapped by the points of.the laths on Thursday,'but a very few days will suffice to show what the long sought guttejrjs woHlb §0 far the prospects are very g00d.,; . : 1 1 In View of the announced Intention of the Govern ,’ment to appoint some ‘..of the honorary justice? as’ stipendiary magistrates to get over certain legal diffi culties arising out of the presentcomplication of sffairs, it is said that a gentleman' who febentlyheldi the.ohief magistracy qf. the town is, prepared to accept such' an appointment in his own district,' .: . r . :We see in the Melbourne papers’ advertisements for carpenters to proceed to Adelaide) and we'understand that a number left during the week, and'that more'are .‘■to follow. :.This ‘does not look as if the. free-trade cqlopy vyaa gojng to ruin. We also. learn that there irp' many'pompliiint? iij Melbourne ofr -Ijja dqlness Of the time's) and 'tint the qthpr colonies' ape' looked to' more and more every day. . What With the drought' and the deadlock things oannot be very flourishing. . , .A gentleman connected with the Corner - has had the misfortune to give offence to. some .anonymous SGpjfjJjjer who.lately sent .him -through the) .post a letter Ypll of meap-spirjtpd The writing;was. pyidently in a feigned hand, and the letter was hifudefl, ’to the detsstives ipj l tj}o’ hopa’ qf tjf'eir finding out its author. • *' Some few days ago we referred to the mortality amongst the trout in' the' Acclimatisation Society’s ponds in the Botanic Gardens. We have now to state .that the whple of the fish,-nineteen in number, have Ijeeij re'[j}ovpd from the ponds to'Lake Wendouree. ■ - ■ The’ arrangements; for the opej}{qg of t{ja Australian* Juvenile Industrial-Exhibition are being carried out rapidly, and theAlfced- hMI is now clear from end to end, affording a?grahd promenade; The .interior has : not been fitted up yet to receive the exhibits, bat the. committee''will'‘probably arrange 1 for this to-night,' Tils eparegpflwd outside is bem§ fenced-iq xpdether wise prepared lor ,the ton. and paid fally/iengagar with their work, and from the applications 'kentin for space,, it seems that there will -be quite enough exhibits tqi fill the hall. To-clay there will; he ’exhibited in' - Mr Ban : niater’a f .window < two handsome china tea services which Mr.Qoodall, once of Ballarat, .but now of Mel . bourne,; offers for: the best loaf of home-made bread and the'best plain cake, andfbr thaSsprizea there are, .curiously/ enough, comparatively'.few competitors, though we understand that-Mr- djannieter is prepared to receiva other entries. Tbe.naw.Queen street State school will be formally opened at noon' to-day by thohon. tlie Minister of Education.' The Board of Advice'will 'be in attend-:, ance at' noon. In the' afternoon the' children will be treated to tea, cakes;lollies;' Ac.' * Last night’s Herald has a story about powers having been found within the Constitution; Act to,pay away money, and says that the Attorney-General. is very reticent about the. matter. We should think that he was, and is likely to remain so. ' During'the practice of the City Fire Brigade last night one of the”3-inch pipes was accidentally burst’ opposite the:Fawn:hotel, just below this office. We" understand that the ' inconvenience will be but tem porary.. " '/ .’i .... • Anew regulation pfl the Railway . Department ihae recently, come into force,: which is very much disap proved of, and said’ to cause- considerable extra’ex pense. A largenumber. of articles.are earned at the ; owners’ risk, or 25 -per cent, extra charged if the department takes the resnonsibility. The practical; effect of this is; to raise the fate of carriage by 25 per cent, as the.risk is too. great;to be incurred in a large number of cases.' Formerly, only some; half-dozen ■ articles; were thus classed/ but now, four-fifths of,the goods carried are in this class,:so that on everything contained id;glass,’such as oilmen’s stores,- spirits,/ Ac., the extra carriage has to be paid. This is re garded- as an indirect way of raising revenue to meet the loss by the lowering of the freight charges. Sir Samuel Wilson ' baa about 800.; Californian. salmon left at his Ercildonna breeding establishment. A gentleman.who visited the ponds on Thursday tells us that the fry Are now between two’and three inches in length, and are ' resplendent “ water babies.” . Sir ; Samuel.intends, after distributing;some^few .more alevins, to keep the balance in confinement, at least for a time,’in order to study their’ development. As there are three distinct varieties of the’ salmonida family in the Pacific coast waters, it will/ be . interest-’ iog to ascertain the exact; position the’acclimatised variety holds in the family.-: Xo information seems to have.been sent from’California with the consignment’ of, ova.which in any-way describes the particular class to which the fish belong. -1 ; - ■:' V - - ■ The Sebastopol Council struck a rate of . Is fid, in. the £ at their'meeting on Tbura'dayhight,’the annual-; valuation being confirmed at’£s442.''"'./'' ■ Cr Dickinson, of Sebastopol;- was ' sworn in ;aa a. justice of the .‘peace tor the southern bailiwick before. JffayotrHughes on Thursday.)'*; , The members of the City Council forming thelake* committee were to have, met on Thursday'afternoon,'' but the meeting'lapsed. for wantbt a quorum/' |Up-t6j that /afternoon the - water )from the City of 1 Ballarat.- shaft was- still running-down into.-the Burrumbeet Creek, and we have no doubt that the ‘ farmers' along-' its banks will be glad of- the opportunity thus given' - them of watering their thirsty stock. We'understand that the new Qong Q.ong maina cannotbe’seoured by letting the water into the lake before the beginning; of next week. ''' ; V’- i‘ :: ” -I ■; A .very destructive fire was raging d'n'.Wedhesday afternoon between Mortlak'e and Ellerslie.’ • , During the interruption of. tho Singapore cable a steamer will leave Batavia with telegrams. . The.'next two will leave.on. the 25th and on : the 31st instant. - ■ A Mrs ..Mary Ann Jaiiies,’ living; at' Springs, was admitted into; Ahe ■.Hospital’; bn ..-Wednesday suffering from bruises which she received bybeing in’ some way thrown out of’the cart in which she and her husband were driving home'on the night in question. ’ , •• •• ■ ‘ ; j • The vaccination returns for .the past-six months, as far.as Ballarat : East;;is concerned, show,that scores of parents are* infringing’ the law :in not having their children vaccinated.. Beyond the fact of these thought less persons rendering themselves liable, to, the-imposi tion of heavy. penalti.es, there. is another way in which to view this neglect on the part of mothers. ;■ Vaccina! tion, to be effectual and, as far as present effects are Concerned, harmless- and free . from inconvenience to , the;. little , ones, .’:caV: .only, bo performed under; the ;condition/.that .the vaccine lymph,, 'or to;-be - plain, ■ the’ matter’otakea from -the arm of :a child .recently ‘ undergoing the'operatibbj-'ie' perfectly-, pure; and; ffeah. .-, This . ‘condition ' -of things pre-suppoaes that: there shall be sufficient case's -passing.through the i public .vaccinator’s'office to allow of the supply of vaccine, matter..being ample, as the operator can afford to select from it the purest, and only the purest, for use. But if the number of cases brought inbe not sufficient to allow of this arm to arm (the proper method of) vaccination, and the operator is compelled from the force of circumstances to postpone from day to day the inoculation because he will uot use stale matter, the parents of children are alone to blame in the matter, and whatever incon venience is felt is of their own making. The receipts from the. Government railways for the: week ending il7th January amounted ,to; £23,777, ’ against £20,702 for the corresponding week of last i year. The Ballarat Troop, of the P.W.V.V.L.H. turned out on Thursday night; 24th’Jahuary, in strong force,, and went through some field movements very credit ably, Captain Wilson being in command and Surgeon- Major Nicholson also being present. After parade a meeting of the members was held at Craig's fog-the purpose of receiving .nominations for two vacant lieutenancies in the troop. Six candidates were nomi nated, and a ballot, being taken Gorporal.L. Whyte and Sergeant T. CoopeF'were found to have polled the highest number of votes, and they will accordingly be recommended for the positions. On Thursday next we believe Major Caleb ’ Anderson is to hold: an official inspection, after which the annual award com petition for prizes will take place at the Royal Park, at 3.30 p.m...j;:..--.;,,. ; A snake nearly 4 feet in length was killed at Mount Pleasant yesterday by Mr Wright, and on being opened was found to contain fourteen ypnng ones, The survey of the "railway from Daylesford to Woodend has been begun. A specimen copy of the picture to be given this year to each subscriber to the Victorian Art Union is now on .view in Mr H. Brind’s window, Sturt street. It ie an excellent chromo-lithograph, produced in Mel bourne, of Mr J, W. Curtis' oil painting,’A long forgotten Australian expedition,”, representing' the starting from a.. Portuguese port d£ an’expedition bound for the South Seas at a time when the existence of a continent here’was scarcely more than a matter of faith.: The colors in the picture are well blended, an! it is altogether a_very-gobd reproduction of the original painting! : ;., - , ’ / ,; f- ■ The landed proprietors in the vicinity of Cojap and Camperdown , are .paying men at the rate of £1 per day in helping to extinguish the bush- fires that are devastating their properties. It ie said that the sum paid is an.inoehtive to and the opoasioa'of jaany Incen diary fires. Mr James Martin, of the Scarsdale Foundry, who has been a lucky land selector beyond Colac, is about establishing a saw-mill, within 18 miles of that town- ship, which will be a great boon to the selectors and others thereabouts. Miss E. M. Kildahl, of the post and tele- graph department, arrived on,Thursday, (writes, our Smythesdale correspondent), to take “charge Of the post and telegraph office, viet ’’Mrs /Salkeld, deceased. The inhabitants here consider that Mr Hart, who baa been in the office for years and who baa conducted the postal and' telegraph” business ’ for over six years, especially as all the responsibility devolved on hinv for soma time in each .department, 'shoqld (jo placed ! 'in charge,: iqatead pf a,lady wl}p oqlyajaw months ago joined the service. r It .would appear’’gs-if there was,something like a fatality connected ’with''the Smythekdale Post and Telegraph. Office, as no.leas than three persons have died there'within the last twenty.'xn'pbthß, batnely the posir :and.: telegraph: master, a daughter, and now the wife and mother. The funeral of.-the latter will skg> ptapp’'th}«'raftetttQQ!)i r ; "‘.■’Vi ’’'i,-' •1 That the entente cordiaJe^oea 'n’6t exist between the two membera.for Grenville has been more'than spoken’ of for some time, and now we find ■ Mr-Davies ad-,- dressing the electors of Buninyong this evening minus ■ Mr Bird, who was also expected to-be-present. Ml ),Bird, however, has[ bgeq visjtipjj Wrioiia nprtlqns q£ •tl}S distri.ot.’jn’tbe iq cake of ndissplution; tour other gentlemen are 'epokeq of as probable didates, some of whom were ; . disappointed; that they, were not selected on a former occasion, but who are now,anxious to, throw, themselves into the breach. : !i In a work received by the- Lusitania, edited by Mr AV. Clark, on ‘/Pent and its Creditors,” % following -paragraph.;(soya, tire. Hpafqj’appeara about-if well known- Ballarat-mau, who. is said to have put ; a.:krge-. amquqt.pf njoney iqto Peruvian bonds,-'and doeelnqt' -feel eacy on the nurohasa:—‘‘'fdr. Jameg QrQylo.is'qno of those persevering and energetio men whoae lndomU . table will"bad assisted in developing the industrial; greatness of Ballarat, 'the Antipodean El Doradd. Indeed, it seems as.if Ballarat and James Croyle had': prospered together. £ Some o£ r his : frieade think it‘ : i , Wquld bean better Ijad he reqiaiqed at BallSati’t . The Revision Court for the city of sat~ 'agsun on, Wednesday at;theipoliqa b6urt;- : for : tbe'pur*- t po*e’of.,aiding.with the' West Melbonriie' elbotorftl> ‘rolla, and tha’objectidna'which'bad been made to The /;i ßendi: decided (says the Argus), in accordance with ti opinion of Mr Justice Fellows, to take evidencet whether “ John Crawford, Hotham,” was a suffici i description of the objector. The evidence was that letter addressed according to that description won! t have found Mr Crawford, but that a stranger conU not have found him by it. The bench, by a majorit of eight against seven, then decided that the deacri tion was not sufficient, and Mr Bennett, on the n t of the objector, then withdrew all the cases but ' marked that the object aimed at—namely, preventing unqualified persons voting—would be achieved at tif coming election, because the questions prescribed b tbe-act-would be put to all persons who claimed u vote; under names, on the; rolls which it was aa knowu had-ho right to be there.; ovr "~THe~C»lac Times writing about the Geelong meetin says:—“The cream of'the absurdity, however iaf representing meeting,' to which the Chief Secretar goes attended by twenty-five members of Parliament and twelve; hundred strangers, as a gathering of Gee long electors.” - i • • e ’ ;We learn, that there is no. .truth in the statement that Mr T. Adamson^Crown prosecutor, is to bean pointed a County Court judge without salary. j According to the Advertiser there is to be an infim of--‘.‘liberals” from Geelong on Monday evening to hear Major Smith’s speech. '' " 0 1 domestic purposes are concerned, Hamiltonians should never ba short of, water; all they have to do is to sink for it We .are led to make these remarks by a visit which" we paid to a paddoot bn'the further side of the Qranea Burn Creek. In this paddock Mr.Thomaa Walker hu sunk a- shaft to a depth of twenty feet, and baa thereby obtained water, crystal-like and sweet. Not withstanding the great quantity taken away—some twenty or thirty loads, a, day—the water maintains the same level,, and Mr.Walker has gained the grati tude of the residentsfor a long distance round, by not only. supplying_,them with a pure beverage, but also with a pump forraising it from the well.” ■ Sir Bryan O’Loghlen has acceded to the strong efforts which have beep. made to induce him to come forward as a candidate for West Melbourne, in opposi- Uon to the Hon. J. G. Francis. The Argus describes bis as ■ the ' most astounding even in these astounding times.' This step involves the resignation by Sir Bryan O’Loghleh of his office of commissioner under the Land Tax Act, but it is understood that ultimately arrangements will be made to secure him a seat in the Cabinet ,as Attorney-General, and Mr Trench, who is now 1 honorary commissioner, will it i a probable, take,..the salaried pommissiohership vacated hy-Sir Bryan CPLbghlen. The Government have been 1 anxibusf for some time to obtain an Attorney. General‘with ’ a "seat in the House, and if Sir Brym O.’Loghlen fails.at West Melbourne—which will pro. bably be the case—he will be ready to contest any more | favorable vacancy. . : The Argus states,that ‘‘the Chief Secretary was occupied on Wednesday preparing correspondence for the outgoing mail. ■ Sir. Geo, Bowen ;was also at the Treasury buildings', the whole of the day engaged in jmail business. No vessel has ever taken home more important despatches'from this colony than those iwhich the Asaam will carry on this occasion. Colonel Soratohley and .Colonel; Anderson"had interviews with the Chief Secretary with reference- to: the munitions ;of war to be ordered from England,”’ ; ~ The organised Ministerial tyranny,which prevented -Mr Francis from speaking at St. Patrick’s-hall on Tuesday night, ia {says - the ' Telegraph) already pro discing a powerful' reaction. Many electors who never attend : meetings, and many who do not ordin. arily take .the trouble of going to vote, have been aroused by the inexcusable ruffianism exhibited, and have '‘lntimated their,'- intention 'of',voting for the ex- Premier.-, The .blunt aud -sturdy' colonist, who has thrice' refused knighthood, is not likely to be defeated by the tactics of his present opponents. ‘ . Thursday s Age says “ A rumor gained currency yesterday to, the effect, that his Excellency the Go vernor had received a telegram from the Earl of Carnarvon j the Secretary of State for the Coioniei regarding the present crisis in Victoria. We can stats authoritatively that, no, message on the subject has yet baen-received from the Colonial Office,” .The following circular'has been received by the legal managers -of the-various mines at; Stawell:— “Office of Mineßj'Melbourne,- I9th January, 1878. Sir, pursuance of the provisions of the 7th sec. £ Regulation of. Mines Statute 1877 ’ (41 Viet,, N0.,-583), lam directed., by.the' honorable the Miniater.pf.,Mines' to require , you to furnish to him certified oopies of plana, and.-sections'showing so far aapajMiWo all; the underground-workings'; which have been.effected iu thimine of’which yonare the owut; up to the 31st day of December'last, such -copies to show a connection to; some permanent mark on the surface of the mine, ,1 • have the honor to be, Sir, your moat obedient servant, Tgoirks Couohman, Secre tary for'Mines.”, ' V, "”:r Qovernment appear to have made (says the Telegraph) as big a blunder over the appointment of the clerks of courts to act- as “ stipendiary licensing magistrates., as they. did:, over, .the dismissal of the judges. _ The Licensing Act-definea who are to be the stipendiary licensing magistrates, and states in regu datum Q,; .which ia incorporated in the act by' the 34th section, that ‘‘the stipendiary licensing-magistrates at the various-courts of petty sessions shall be the police, magistrates :who for'the time may be appointed a ° b ab 8 9pk Victoria as now or may hereafter be appointed places-for the holding of courts of petty sessions; and ( the stipendiary licensing magistrate for any such* place as maynot bo viwt4 by a police, magistrate, shall he .tho police magistrate who acta .-at* the nearest .court ofpetty sessions .thereto.' ! This shows that the stipendiary magistrate .under the act must be a police magistrate acting gene :rally, as such, and. not a person created for the sola purpose of'.working'the- Licensing Act. In any casa the persons so.created would rhava to be sworn in as justices, and it will: hardly he claimed tbftt a aknpfc departmental regulation 1 could their powers. The whole business ia evidently illegal, and we shall be agreeably surprised if the country ia not subjected to a long list of lawsuits hereafter,. ? for compensation for losses sustained- through- this unwarrantable sua* pension of an A.ct of Parliament. ‘ : Mr Longmore (says the bpeu confined to his house for ■ th@ past two ■ days, owing to an injury to hia leg.- .ffis medical advisers recommend him to lay up for a few days. A Cabinet Council stf at 1 o clock to*day, at which fuptfier retrenchment ia the public sonuco waa , determined on. To-morrow’s Oftvevnjnent Oaz€t(c r .will contain the, whole of the reductions which havabeen decided upon in the Edu cation Department, and 'probably also, those in th§ Treasury and in the Chief Secretary’s Departmant,” The following playerawULrepresenttha-B.C.C. in the match to-morrow against the Press team:—Messrs Scates, Wilkinson;-Wainwright; Sherard, Juogli, Tates, Bryant, A, Dale, Lempriere, Nankervis, P. Lewis. J, T. Griffin. •Vi.fi-.. ;v : 7 ? ' A match will ba played, at Maryborough to-morrow between the first eleven of the 8.C.0, and fifteen of the Maryborough C-O. The B.C.C. team are requested to meat at the. railway station at ’half-past 7 o’clock to-morrow morning.- Names of the B.&C.; team:— Messrs Hogg,-Bradly; - Brokenshire, M'Gregor, Cooper, Comfit,-Jackson, Dimelow, Bell, Field T G^hiri *; A match will take place on the Western Oval to morrow between the second eleven of the City C.C. and fifteen of the Victoria C.C., play to commence at 2 o’clock sharp. The following players will represent the City;—Messrs Afford. T. Bell, Cunning bam, Gathorall, Qoriett, Qahir, Davies, Mason, Man person, and Richardson, - i hooper fi ud Bailey, of great circus notorietyj : ™ib Ballarat -on the Bth February, and bavo secured that vacant piece of ground in Webster street, known as Johnson’s paddoQk* to exhibit their ,! ; , • 