OUR HOME LETTER. Ode last monthly letter for Home readers left ns in the commencement of the most dire political and, we may add, social crisis which it has ever been the lot of : any British colony to encounter ; and we doubt whether such revolutionary pro ceedings are likely to occur again, until Victoria is separated from the mother- country, and this splendid colony left at the absolute mercy of unprincipled dema gogues and of universal suffrage. In order that our Home readers may the better realise the present situation, we shall shortly recapitulate the events which led up to it. It may be remem bered that there were grave doubts as to whether the "Upper House would pass the Payment of Members Bill — continu ing to themselves and the members of the Assembly salaries of £800. It was believed that the Council, and what may be called, for want of a better word, the Conservative party had a great objection to the renewal of the system, on the ground that it had not improred, but de teriorated the morale of Parliament. But the Berry Ministry foresaw that as a great many of their most obedient sup porters had nothing else to live on — which is, of course, no shame to a mau in itself — and that they could not afford to remain in Parliament without it, they determined that payment of members should be carried at all hazards. With this in view, the Government sent up the Bill by itself, in the first instance, as had been done before — thus admitting that course to be a correct one ; hut they at the same time placed printed copies of the intended Appropriation Bill j in the hands of-the members. This was, j of coarse, an admission of weakness ; as I if the one course -.was right, the other j could not possibly be so. But it was > al60 a threat ; for it simply declared that j if the Conncil did not pass the measure ; by itself, they would be forced to pass it j as a tack. The Council unhesitatingly , threw out both, thus leaving the. business j of the country unprovided for, except by I a balance of about half-a-million, re- j Biaining in the hands of the Treasurer j from a former supply vote. This action ; was used as it was intended to be used — I to throw odium on the Council, who, as : was well known, would have passed the ; Appropriation Bill without a word, bad : the other Bill not been tacked to it. lu'j order to wreak vengeance on the Council and on Uioso members of the Civil sir- vice whose evidence before the Elections and Qualifications Committee militated against the Government, or who had thwarted them iu any other way, they, by an " Extraordinary Gazette" of the 8th January, since known as Black Wed nesday, dismissed a lnrgo number d the most valuable, because most exper'e: ceo, Civil servants, and at one blow swept away, by virtue of a warrant signed by the Governor, as our readers are- already aware, all the County Crnrt Judges, the police magistrates, and tho coroners. Besides the confusion attending such « sweeping m'easure, it was speedily poinied out in this and other journals that this was actnally repealing eeveral Acts of Parliament — the County Court Act, the Justices' Act, the Licensing Act, the Coroners' Act, and others. At this point, our last Summary left our readers, and the wildest anxiety and greatest gloom have existed ever since, not only amongst the remaining Civil servants, but the better thinking portion of the public. Of course there are many persons — we be lieve the majority of the people in the colony, who delight in the misery of the dismissed servants, and revel in the con fusion thus created ; each of them ex pecting to pick up something during the conflagration, as some of them have already done. But these persons have yet to learn that everything which throws the State into confusion, especially every thing which closes the strings of the public purse, must be a caking to the whole community, and will fall heaviest on the laboring classes. The Govern ment, finding their mistake about Lhe Courts, &e.;, had recourse to the narrow subterfuge of re-appointing the whole of the judges, stipendiaries and coroners, and iu the same Gazette dismissing each of them again by name, retaining, however, three of each. The same Gazette contained a fresh batch of dismissals of Civil servants, marked i in almost every instance by the same | glaring partisanship — ret lining their own j creatures, no matter what their salaries or fitness for office. But Berry, although he r -traced his steps so far, has not abated one jot of bis iutentious to go to the last extremity to force the tack upon the Council. In a speech made in Gee- long, bis own constituency, lie declared that if further thwarted be would stop the railways, discharge the police force, and throw open the gaols —and all this amidst tumultuous applause Littlo or nothing has been done on the other side, partly from waut of organisation, and partly owing to the fact that the best men hold aloof from the political arena. It will be evident, from what we are now about to relate, that these men do not keep back without some reasou. Sir Chas. McMahon haviug retired from West Melbourne with a view of pro ceeding home, Mr J. G. Francis, ex- Premier, and a most popular man with all sides, came forward and was opposed by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, who has fallen away from the path fol lowed by bis father, and has become a demagogue among the demagogues. Mr Francis called a public meeting, but was not. even beard by the other side, whose only arguments are revolution and " boohoo." He was obliged to address a number of gentlemen in a quasi-private manner. Good hopes were entertained of bis return, when unfortunately a large majority of the Irish party declared for their couutryman, who was elected by 1973 votes to 1883. The Assembly met two days after this event, and on the next day the Chief Secretary brought forward the following astouuding motion, " That all votes or grants passed in committee of supply becomo immediately available for expenditure immediately the resolu tions are agreed to by the Legislative Assembly, and that henceforth, in view of serious public inconvenience, caused by repeated rejections of the annnal Ap propriation Bill by the Legislative Coun cil, this House resolves to revert to the practice which prevailed prior to 1862." After a few hours' debate the resolution was affirmed by 52 v. tes to 23, thus giving the Government a majority of 29. This practically restrains the Council from interfering with the finances of the colony, and does away with the necessity of obtaining the sanction of the Upper House for unlocking the Treasury chest. The two Houses have since been makiDg representations and counter- representations to the Home authorities, whose answer is anxiously looked for. The state of public opinion on these proceedings may be to some extent in terred from the fact that out of 75 journals in Victoria which have dealt with the question 54 have condemned the Govern ment, while only 21 apologists have been found. The intercolonial press is almost unanimously against Mr Berry. The revolutionary proceedings of the Govern ment have also came under the censure of the pulpit. A scathing and trenchant deliverance by the Kev Wm. Henderson, of the Presbyterian Church, Ballarat, has attracted much attention, and steps have been taken to give it the widest possible publicity. A remonstrance has also been presented to the Chief Secretary,, signed by the Bishop and Dean of Melbourne, and the heads of the Presbyterian, Con gregational, Baptist, and Wesleyan deno minations. It may. be easily imagined what a state of confusion, distress and anxiety exist throughout the whole colony; but these will be greatly aggravated and increased when the natural consequences of the withdrawal o. capital from the colony, from public works and private enterprise bring them to the doors of the very men who are now blindly howling for Berry. The situation would not be . thoroughly understood at Home if Wa did not explain that there is here no question of retrenchment at all, the necessity for which has for years been admitted by all sides. Mr Berry himself, i in introducing the Appropriation Bill, I made no reduction whatever, and declared i that he found it impossible to deal with i 0-3 question until, some future occasion. ; ifis all in a nutshell— Berry's followers i in the Legislative Assembly must have : £300 a-year, or they would, turn _ upon \ him to-morrow ; and in his frantic en- dcavors to bring the Council to its knees, i he h is excited the people so far , that, al- i Lhough he could, have the Payment of: I Members Bill and the Appropriation Bill | passed by the Council separately to-mor;-. j row, . he lias raised a storm; which is defined to overwhelm him. Next to the extraordinary and exciting political events just referred to, what next excited the greatest amount of inte rest in these districts was the war news. We should think that fully nine-tenths of the people in this quarter were cor dially in favor of Turkey, and were heart and soul with the announced policy of the Beaconsfield Ministry to interfere sooner or later on behalf of the weaker power. Strange to say, information ot all the most important events was cut off just on their occurrence, either through the breaking of the submarine cable or some interference with the overland line. No doubt the interest was in this way heightened, but the disappointments were most vexatious and constant. When at length, after a long interval of sileace, the wires informed us that Constantinople was threatened, if not actually in the hands of the Russians, and that. England had made no sign, great was the com plaints that the liitle island had forsaken her old ally in its extremity. This again was somewhat dispelled by the military and naval movements of the troops and fleet, and above all b)' the vote of six millions passed by so largo a majority in the Commons. There was even a kind of grim satisfaction iu the news of the war riots in Loudon — not because Mr Gladstone's and the Daily Telet/raph windows were smashed, but as a sign that those who are generally supposed to support the radical party had their hearts in the right place. Fresh news is au- xiously looked for, and there is little donbt the real feeling of the people here is for war with Russia at all hazards. The next most important event — if, indeed, it he not the most important of all — is that after a drought of unprece dented length and severity, and when it was feared that all hope of rain was over, down it came iu warm, genial torreuts. The sister colony, New South Wales, suffered in some places from serious floods ; but iu nearly every part of Vic toria just at the beginning of the mcnlh it descended warm and kindly, and the weather has quite as providentially re mained cloudy and showery, giving us the full benefit of the visitation. The bush-fires to which we alluded iu our last continued to burn in every direction with great fury ; the little grass that remained was dried up ; the springs and many streams that were never known to cease before, did so now ; but the prayers which were about to be delivered up for rain in tho churches were changed into prayers of thanksgiving. The country is now looking splendid ; the young grass — " burned feed," as we call it here — has already made a start ; the miners have had a few days' washing-up, which is a boon to them, and the farmers are enabled to plough with facility and ad vantage. In fact, the rain has turned us from the depth of anxiety and despon dency lo a perfect heaven of thankfulness and hope. When we say that water, even for domestic purposes, in many parts of these districts, had to be carried for miles, and that in some of the towns in this district it became an expensive commodity, our escape will be better understood. The cattlo and sheep, which had been dying by thousands, have now a fair chance to pull throngh the next winter. Already there are local surmises as to the coming district men in case of a dissolution, and Mr R. Pitcairn, our late police magistrate — one of the dismissed — has announced his intention to stand for the Ovens in the Opposition interest. If he succeed he will prove a thorn in Berry's side. For Benambra they are also on the look oat for a candidate to upset Mr Peter Wright, who is an out- and-out Ministerialist. We deeply regret having to accord the death of another of the dismissed stipendiary magistrates of this district, whose end was undoubtedly accelerated by that cruel blow. We refer to Mr Walter Butler, a gentleman held in the highest esteem in his public and private capacity, and who had passed 24 years of his life in the service, during about 20 of which he had sat on the Bench. No man in the service has done harder or more faithful work; his skill as a horseman, and readiness to encounter all weathers aud dangers by flood and field, having been largely taken advantage of by successive Governments. He had been ailing for some time, no doubt the effects of former hardship, but was re covering a little when the blow struck him down. What remained of the harvest since our last has been successfully gathered in, and we may safely, say that the sea son's yield- has been far above the average. As much as 20 bushels to the acre is very commonly spoken of, but it must be remembered that this is off land, which is neither virgin and in almost ;all cases without any manuring whatever. To add to the good luck of the farmers, prices are remarkably high- for the sea son, as will be seen by our regular quotations. The fruit crop, owing to the drought, has however, been to a great extent a failure, and it is feared that the vineyards will suffer seriously from the same cause, although the dreaded vine disease phylloxera has not yet appeared here. ; . A shocking calamity occurred at Omeo on: January- 15, by which a widow named Richardson had her- house destroyed by fire, and two of her children burned to death : — At the time the fire took place —about 11 o'clock at night — the children, six in number, -were all -'in bed, the mother not having returned from her work as charwoman, by -which she supports her self and -family. The eldest, a girl of 14 years, was- awakened by the noise of the fire, which had made considerable pro gress. With great courage and presence of mind, she managed to get four of the children out of the burning building. On attempting to return for the others, much burnt. While this brave child was she was beaten back by the flames, and at this work, the youugest, a boy of about two years of age, had crawled from where she had left him close to the burn ing house, where his clothes caught fire, and when he. was discovered he was horribly burnt. The poor little thing lived for about four hours, and died in great agony. - By this time the house was a flaming mass, and the neighbours began to "arrive. The mother, too, ap peared at this juncture, and the scene was heart-rending. - Encircled by the flames could be seen the form of the other child lerf j>n the bed, and strong men stood by powerless to rescue it, and it was literally burnt to a cinder. A great deal of local exbitement, find ing vent in political meetings and news paper corresdondence, has been occa sioned by a difference' of opinion as to the proper site.focithe Beech worth Shire pounds, which is; of coarse, of no interest to home readers, except that it brought to the front some of their Av'ralian friends who have hitherto been:.1 /ent in public. We have bad a visit here from a great American Circus aud collection of wild animals, which was visited by about" 20,000 people at various points, and of course took several thousand pouuds out of the district. Mining is still at a very low ebb, through the prevailing waut of water, the late rain being of very little use to the sluicing claim-i. It is hoped how ever, that some scheme will be struck out for bringing in a portion of one of the neighboring rivers, which would render them independent of-the elements and open up an immeuse quantity; of new ground. Iu the way of spdrls, we have had a two days' race meeting at Wangaratta, and two days also at Beech worth, but neither of them proved very successful affairs. Indeed, at the latter meeting, two very nastj' accidents occurred in the jumping races, one of which resulted in a line horse having to be shot, and an other in one of the jockeys being seri ously, though not fatally injured. The machinery on two abandoned reefs have suffered from the bash fires, one known as the Frenchman, escaping with but slight injury, but the Tubal; Cain machinery, which originally cost " over £1,000, being almost totaH?H'de- stroyed. .; - Amongst the events which occurred during the recent excitement, was one semi- political and semi-local, but wholly amusing. Mr James Munro, one of thd Ministerial members, in a speech at Carlton, made an attack upon Mr John A. Wallace, M.L.C. for this province. We must inform our readers that Mr Wallace, before entering the Council, was one of the foremost men of all these districts, being a shrewd, enterprising, , honorable man of .Business, starting many of the mines, and being in the absolute confidence of the banks. Having a multiplicity of business and a great many irons in the fire, he travelled a great deal on horseback and wore for convenience and comfort what is tech nically called a jumper, instead of a coat. This is a garment which is simply passed over the liead ; is quite loose all rouud, and extends below the waist — being, not only suitable to the weather, but rather picturesque. In allusion to this, Mr Munro said — " This person was cauglit up at Beech worth, and he never wore a coat in his life nutil he got into the Council. The common remark in the district was that he used to run about like a wild man in a striped shirt." We need scarcely say that such a remark was never made here, as Mr Wallace stood in universal esteem and affection. But, it happens that Mr Munro himself is one who stigmatises the " bloated aristocrats," the "curled darlings of the aristocracy," and every one generally who wears kid gloves or keeps His body clean. Amongst, the " curled darlings," as Mr Berry dubbed j them, who have been dismissed without notice was Mr P. J. B. Clinch, district surveyor, stationed at Beechworth, and a gentleman who had won universal respect in the performance of his very arduous and difficult duties, as well as in "his private capacity. In order to mark the feeling of regard in which he was held, he was invited; to a farewell supper before leaving Beech- worth, at which all creeds, classes, and shades of public opinion were present. Mr Clinch has since settled down in Melbourne to practise his profession as civil engineer, but no doubt some other colony will soon snap him up, as they have already done some others of our excellent dismissed servants. Serious allegations have been made againBt Mr Donald Brown, secretary for the Rutherglen Shire Council, bat one of. the auditors, has informed us that there is'only a discrepancy. of one penny in his accounts. . There will he, how ever, a special audit. There is considerable discussion :as to raising the 'dam of Lake Kerferd, the ar-. tificial reservoir which so splendidly sqp:" plies the town of Beechworth, with water. For, however .efficient it has I hitherto proved, the drought rendered it doubtful whether, if two such .droughts came in. succession, its capacity would he-suffici-' ent for the derm and, especially considering that it is in the driest seasons water is wanted most.' : , - On Friday a fatal accident occurred to . a young lady the daughter of Mrs Richard. Box, ofBarwidgee. She was being driven, to school at the Albury Convent,-! where, she had been a pupil, when by some means the buggy in which she was riding was capsized, and the unfortunate .girl, was thrown out with great violence to the ground. She has since died from brain fever. 