Iqýi?hdila .& jea .taindard PUrUIIIIEUD EVERY HATUIRDAY "' EXCELcI II ." SA'TURDA.Y, 12Tr JANUARY. IN one aspect it is perhaps as well that the Ministry have at length divested themselves of all pretence to be acting constitutionally, or with moderation ; that they have drawn the sword and thrown nway the scabbard ; that they have ostentatiously conspired to upset the machinery of Government, and deliberately resorted to a coup d'ctat for the purpose of wreaking their own will upon the people of this colony, and carrying out their own designs upon its constitution. By their latest actions they have made it absolutely impos. sible for adherents of law and order ofi any pedceably dispoted persons to espouse their cause; they have deliber ately defied the law abiding portion of the community, and invited an on slaught by the proletarian upon the legally established institutions of the land. It is now no longer a question between one political party and another, but a choice between blute force and constituted authority, between loyalty and revolution. No reflecting person can for an instant doubt that this is the choice which is forced upon him, be cause there is not the shadow of justifi cation or even palliation for the dis graceful and rebellious conduct of which our pseudo Government have been guilty, in destroying the machinery of the law, in uprooting tLe foundations of the Civil Service, and in wantonly plunging the offices of the Government into confusion and anarchy. Accord ing to their own confession there are ample funds in the Treasury to carry on the Government for months to come yet; and when it became no longer possible for them to do so, it was plainly their duty as a constitutional Ministry to resign their trust, and give some other politicians the opportunity of endeavoring to obtain funds for the purpose. Apart from this, however, the plea of economy is proved to be glaringly and palpably lalso by the direction the retreochments have taken. They are in the first place directed against the legal machinery of the country with an obvious design of re moving obstaclea to luture proceedings, whelst in every instance the officials discharged are those appointed by pieo vious Governments, and those by the present Ministry are left untouched, Professor Pearson being a prominent instance. Such measures as those can only, we are convinced, result in the speedy overthrow of those rash enough to sanotion them, because they must result, as we have said, in arousing the hostility of all well disposed and right thinking men, whatever political creed they may uphold; eand therefore, now that the real character of the men at the hbend of affairs has been disclosed, we confidently anticipate a speedy reaction against the extr-aordinary abuse of authority in vhiolhf thesy hiir e thought fit to indulge. In the mcan-. time, however, we cannot conceal the fact that much mischief lnly be done ore matters are once more established upon a constitutional basis, and it is much to be deplored that any sot of men should have so far preeumed upon an extension of tempnorary popular feeling to imagine that the ,country would concur in such atrocious political excesses. We cannot help feeling con siderable anxiety, under the aircum stances, tsn even Nero the Governor to dismiss his Ministers, what guarantee have we that they would surrender the reins of office. Mr Woods has already mooted that he and his colleagues would stick at nothing, and now we know that this was not a mere idle threat. Men who will be mad enough to dismiss judiciary and abolish the coronial system at a blow are not likely to be at all scrupulous as to what further means they may adopt to achieve their ends. It is certainly the duty of every law-abiding citizen to carefiully watch the turn of events, ns it may soon be necessary to take up a determined stand against the usurpation of uncon stitutional claims; and it such should be the case, we entextain no doubt that a large majority of the public will be found to declare in favor 'of lawlul Government, and to put an emphatic veto upon such dangerous games as playing at revolution. We are compelled to hold over several items of news, and correspondence. A very serious case of snake-bite happened to a young girl, 14 years of age, tile daughter of Mr Wylie, a well-known and much-re spected resident of the Acheron. We are informed that the girl was engaged in tile harvest-field helping to build st..oke, when she was bitten by a tiger snake on the left leg, about three anid a half inches above the tnkle; she was immnodiately attended to ry her relations, who were near at hand, and after a ligature had been tied round the leg anRt the wound sucked, the girl walked a distance of a mile to lier home, and when she arrived there had become almost blind; brandy was then administered. A messenger was despatched for Dr Fergusson, and that gentleman lost no time in appearing on the scene, but between three and four hours having elapsed from the time of the bite the patient was in ia complete state of coma, the pupils of tihe eyes much dilated and almost imperceptible, and she was breathing with great dlillcully. Dr Fergusson at once ad ministered Professor IIlford's remedy, in jecting ammonia, but finding the girl did not return to consciousness, he ijcected ammonia a second time, about half an hour altorwards, upon which coma entirely disappeared and the pulse became much fuller, but quicker, and breathing more natural, the film left the eyes, and the patient showed symptoms of returning consoiousness. The doctrr re. mtaieod all night attending to the case, rinl our informant desires us to state that the medical gentleman is deserving of the greatest credit for ilte akilful and attentive manner in which he treated tie ease. At the request of Dr Fergusson, Mr Wylie and otne of Iis suns went over to the stook at which the girl had been bitten, and after removing several of the sheaves, found the stnaier, which measured 4 feet, and killed it. Tihe girl, after being bitten, had struck tile reptile and evidently wounded it, so as to prevent its escape. Since writing the above, we have received intelligence that tile young girl had a relapse about 12 o'clock on Thurs day night, and expired at tllree yesterday morning. Great sympathy is expressed for her parents by all the residents of the neigh. borhroo. During the last week tie hills surrounding our town have been enveloped in smoke coming from the extensive bush-fires that are raging in the direction of tie Rubicon River. We are informed by persons who have passed the locality that the greater part of the ranges between the Cathedral and Mount Torbreck are in a blaze. This will in a measure account for the intense heat we have been experiencing during the week. On' Tuesday last the thermometer stood at 103 deg. in the slhade, and since that day has risen to as high as 110 in the shade at tile post office on Thursday, which was the hot test day of this season. Parents of children should take warning from the action of the school board in in structing the truant-officer for the district to prosecute those who have not complied with the Education Act. On Monday last no less than fifteen parents were brought up for neglecting to send their clhildren to school, and fined in some varying from half-a-crown to five shillings. The macistrate also cau tioned them against a repetition of the offence, stating that twenty shillings would be thie lowest pena;ty if such occurred. Tihe Act provides that each child between the iges of six and fltteen years shall attend school for 30 days out of the 65 echool days in each quarter, until they have passed the stantdard examrination. A great number of flimsy excuses were offered, but tile pre siding magistrate would not entertain tllohem. It is a pIity that parents cannot seo the great advantages their children are losing by stay ing away from school just at the very ages they are likely to learn most. This state of things seem to verify thie common saying that thie easier a thing is obtained the less likely it is to be neused. When schooling bad to be paid for, parents strove tlartd to give tleir ifsfpring as much learning as was in their power, but tnow that it is to be hIad gratis they keep their children idle at hIome-- as tie mujority of parents acknowledge to tihe bench--and whten summuoned to the court they bring excuses that 'their children are not "sehod," or tliat they thavo no clothes. However, we lhave no doubt the result of the prosecution on Monday last will be sufllcient warning to them in the future. Retrocllhment with a vengeance Il Tihe county court judges, thd police magistrates, tile coroners, ant seine of the longest, arnd most ellicient officers in tile public service ltave niall been sent aibout their business, in order to force tihe UTpper IHouse to bow downrr and worship Grahsam orerry. This blow will most assuredly recol on thie Government, and from tie ,Iate of tite publication of tihe Gazettlle ExtraordibtarU Berry and Co, may of a surety reckon tiheir downfall, for It is certain that this step will meet with con, demnation not only from their political enemies, but also from such of their friends who may have any spark of honor in their composition; and tie people, too, they will surely not t'lerate such conduct at the hands of what they, or at least some of them, call the " people's Government;" but this extreme and outlandish stop-vill be the sure and cer tain means of wrecking the barque, at the helm of which stands Graham Berry. Two respected oflicers in our district, Captain Pasco (police magistrate) and Mr J. tHardy (district surveyor) bave been dismissed, alter spending the best portion of their lives in the Government service. Captain Pasco has been under the Government for the last 25 years, and in another week's time would have been entitled to his pension, according to the Civil Service Act. Everywhere we go mur murs of discontent at the foolhardy manner in which the Berry Government are carrying on the business of the country are to be heard, and the general idea is that Mr Berry is doing hist opponents more good than harm by this rush act. No less than 131 officers haysve been dismissed. We are informed by a person who hans been travelling along the M ansflelI road that a whirlwind of great force passed over Growler's Gully, between IDoon and Morton, and com pletely wrecked the new State school that has recently been erected there; it lifted the roof right off the building, and carried it a distance of twenty yards. It also uprooted a considerable number of large trees before it expended its force. It will be seen by advertisement in another column that the annual meeting of the sub scribers to tihe Alexandra Hospital will be held on the 24th inst., an adjournment from the 10th inst. having been made in order that a full meeting may be obtained, and thus give a more extended choice for selecting the members of tie new committee. We propose to make a few remarks on this subject in our next issue. An appointment of a collector will be made on this occasion. An impounding case wits heard by Captain Pasco cu Monday, tile result of which will act as a caution to persons interfering with eottle being driven to the pound. It appears that a farmer (Mr J. Watt), on tihe Johnson's Creek, has been ann6yed of late by mobs ot cattle getting into his paddock and eating his crop. On the 29th ult. he found no less than 33 head eating his crops of eats, maize, and potatoes. IHe determined to impound tile acimals, and with that intention was driving them in the direction of the Alexandra pound, when he was accosted by a young man named Walker, who alter inquiring where the cattle were being taken, did his utmost to disperse the mob, several of the cattle being under his charge as employi of Mr Johnson. Th'e bench inflited a fine of £2, with £?1 3s d costs. The Christmas holidays given to the State school children have come to an end. We are requested to announce that the school will be opened on Monday next. Mrs Macfarlane announces in our advertising columns that she will re-open her private school on Tuesday next. Anotier proof of tile groat advantages in insuring crops and stacks was exemplified on Mlonday last at Dooon, when a farmer named Young had his crop destroyed by fire, the origin of which is unknown. Several causes are assigned-one that it was burnt through the owner burning a heap of rubbish close by, the second reason is a very common one of men dropping a match alter lighting their pipe. We are not aware whether the crop was insured. On Tuesday next the ordinary meeting of the Shire Council will bu hl hd. The last meeting lapsed on account of the day being the first in tile new year. There is, we un derstand, a good deal of business to be trans acted, the plitncipal items of which will be the appoiatieg of a revenue allicer and in spector of nuisances, and the letting of the tenders for repairing tihe bridge near Gubur. The Rev. W. lHutchinson will preach at Yea oil Sunday morning and Alexaudra in tihe evening. The Rev. J. C. Manodougall will hold services at Thornton at 11 a.m., Crystal Creek 3 p.m1., and Alexandra Shire Hail at 7.30. lass will be conducted in tile Roman Catholic Chapel in the morning. It will be remembered that a short time since Captain Black's property was advertised for sale by public auction, and afterwards withdrawn on account of a private offer having been made. The negotiations having failed, the owner has determined to sacrifice everything to the auctioneer's hammer. Mr Curteis has been instructed to conduct the sale on the 21st instant, as will be seen by reference to an advertisement appearing in another column. The man W. Gilbert, who was so seriously hurt last week, is, we are glad to learn, pro greossing favorably towards recovery. It was announced in tile Chlurch of Eng land last Sunday by the Rev. Mr Ilutclhn son that the annual general meeting of thei congregation for election of guardians for the current year would be held on Thursday, 24th inst. Mr Esat, an old resident of Alexanara, diedt in the Melbourne IIospitnl on Tuesday evening last, after a long and paieful illness, thle cause being a cancer in tile neck. Tihe mysterious disappearance of a swag man, near tile bridge at Molcswortlh, was reported to the Yea police on Saturday after noon last. From the information received, it appears that two men, carrying swage, called at the Punt Inn about the forenoon of the day in question, and after procuring some refreshments, piroceeded along thie road in the direction of the bridge across the Goulburn. They Ihad not been away long, when one re turned to Mr Cosgrovo's, and stated that Ilis mate haid taken ill with pains in thle stomsch; he had endeavored to get him back to tile ihotel, but failing to do so, had returned him self for some eclnapps. IIe procured tile tle schnapps, but on reaching the place ihe had left his mate, hie could not see him any where; thie svwag was there, ibut the mani eoult not be found. A atrict search wos then instituted all throiugh the lagoons and the scrub, but no indications of his lwhere abouts can be obtainmtd. It is conjectured that the man had recelvedl a sunstroke, the griping pains being the first symptoms that showed thnmglsys, and.that poaibly after his companion had returned for the schnapps he wandered In his frenzy-into one of the lagoons, or perhaps the river. The two men had only been in company aince leaving Avenel, and the surname of the missing man is not known ; he was known by the (Chris tian name of Charley. No stone is being left unturned by the police in their endeavor to find a clue to the mystery. We are glad to be able to at ste to our mining community that the new company formed to work the Mysterious mine has commenced operations. The engineer to the company arrived on Wednesday last, and since that day has been actively engaged in overhauling the ma?hinery. The pumps will be started next week, and as soon as the water is out the company intend calling for cnders foir sinking the shaft; so we may expect very shortly to see the mine In full swing once again. and it is to be hoped that tile success the company expect will be fully realised. A dastardly act-if it has been done inten tionully-haa been committed by some per son residing in the neighborhood of Alex. andra, On Tuesday morning last a very line mare, belonging to Mr it. W. S. Greig, min ing surveyor, was brought home from running on the common with a charge of shot in its neck. The contents of the gun, which coo sisted of No. 3 ilot, had struck her first on thb off check and then entered the neck and brisket. We are informed that if the shoot ing has been accidental, and the person who has done it will step forward like an honest, straightforward man and acknowledge the act, the owner is willing to forgive it; we certainly hope the person will exercise his moral courage and inform Mr Greig how it hap penod. If the mare has been injured pur posely from petty spite to the owner, or other reasons, we certainly desire to see the un nmanly and unfeeling perpetrator of the deed brought to justice, and receive as severe a sentence as the law will possibly admit. Pending information as to whether it has leen done accidentally or otherwise, Mr Greig has placed the matter in the hands of the police, and all persons with any human feeling, we are sure, will be glad to hear of our energetic mounted-constable having snc ceeded in bringing the culprit to justice. Tie mare is under the care ol Mr Doran, and we are glad to learn that there are hopes of its ultimate recovery. Some interesting experiments with the tele phone were made on Saturday evening, says the Age, at the electric telegraph office by lMr Payt r, the assistant manager, and Mr Edwards, wh has devoted considerable atten tion to the new system of telegraphy. The experiments took place in two rooms of the building remote from each ofter, the distance being regulated by a box of resistance coils, by means of which .communication was arti fleially extended to a distance of sixty-six and a half miles. Commencing ait ten miles a number of messages were transmitted and came through with great distinctness. As the distance was gradualy increased th!ere was no perceptible difference in the volume of sound, and at fifty miles (using still the resistance coils) the following messages and replies were transmitted without the slightest misconcel tonn of their meaning :-" What o'clock is it ?" "I don't know." "You will find a clock in the other ofice." "All right ; it is a quarter past ten." '" All right. What do you say to a refresher ?" "Not tile least objectionl." At the sixty-six and a half miles messages were exchanged with no less dilliculty, and tile value of the new pro cess was beyond doubt fully established One drawhback manifested itself, which, how ever, can be obviated with tery little trouble. The messages had to be spoken "at" the instrument in a loud tone of voice, but an experiment with the mouthpiece of an ,rdi nary speaking tube proved conclusively that a message thrown through tl:is gave it metel resonance, and intensified the articulation. Mr Edwards, who has been conducting a series of experiments for Messrs M'L'an Bros. and Itigg, proposes to apply himself to im proving tlhe very clover instrument he ihas made in a manner that will remedy the deftect named, and in a little time we shall probably be able to record some very interesting results from his intelligent labors. A boy named James hltrllins, aged fourt:een years, employed as a band cutter on lHoouper's thlreshllmg machino, accidentally stepped into the drum, and had his leg complttely smashed up to the kine'e. Tllhe opening of the Portland railway was celebrated on Wednesday. His Excellency Sir George" Bowen was present, andr the demonstration proved a success. 