EETWOOD. (from our own correspondent.) January 30. The heat is intolerable, and bash-fires ate raging all about, so that one can eoarcely see ' a few yards ahead. The emoke is all round about the townabip. and it seems aa if the bdah wee on fire - everywhere. The river is getting very low, and there are scores of teams camped here at evenings, water along the road bring VBry Boarce. G run' does not oome shortly, tbere is "reason to fear that nil tbe wstcring-plsqes hetween here and Port land will be dried up, and teamsters will have to disppntinae jtreyelling for. a while. The railway as yet haa not caused a decrease of traffic along the road, end what oomes to Hey wood goes on direct to Portland by the carriers. Some have tremendous loads, even nine and three -quarter tons, andeo no wonder the roads get ont np. There has been a deal iof discussion on this matter. .The ratepayers of the shire contend that what metal is pat on the roads wonld be ample to keep .them in firat-clsss order for all their require ments. and that a large portion of the rates should be laid out on cross-roads leading to the various railway-station. No one aan deny the fairness of this. Yet for the benefit of shires beyond theirs, and' for tbe good of the borough, an extra outlay is required to keep the main roads .in order, for traffic that does not benefit the Portland Shire rate payers. Some of the borough people say their interests are identical with those of the shire. Trne ; bnt it is equally true that tbe ioteroslB of the shires are not identical with those of the boroughs. If the Portland Shire ratepayers were extra-taxed, it wonld be of no benefit whatever to tbe shire people, but a deal to those who conld despatch goods to sod from Portland at a cheaper rate. As for the shire farmers, they cart their own goods, and a day more or less on tbe roads does not signify to them. We ehonld like to see Portland go ahead, and become a great mart — a shipping port, with good docks, Ac. — bnt not at our expense j and if the roads to Casterton and Tahara are kept aa they are, the traffic will ran to otter ports. The fairest plan for all patties wonld be to place tolls on all the roads at the boundaries of tbe shire, and tbe tolls collected on each road ehonld be spent on that road. Then those who need the road would have to pay for it, and it is quite fur that they|ebould do so. Portland ought to go ahead now, and so onght the shire, and tbe more land that is taken np, and the larger the area of cultiva tion, the greater the benefit to the trade of the port. The shire is io debt now, and in stead of paying each a large portion of its rates away in liquidation, wonld it not be wise to lay ont a larger expenditure on tbe roads, and extend the payment of the debt ? There are many urgent reasons for so doing ; accidents and delays on the road will not always be borne with, and some one will have to nay. Proper care ehonld also be taken that out rates are collected in time, so that we do not fall short in ottr Government subsidies. We had a leas income last year by several hundred pounds, and how has that come abont ? It onght to be rectified this year. Oar local tradesmen are in toll swing, and have lots of work on hand. The railway bail dings are going on fast, and the ap proaches to the station also. The general health ia good. Crops are coming in, bnt rain, and that soon, is the cry. 