ECHUCA, Tuesday, January 15, 1878. STUMPING THE COUNTRY. Mil. BEURY and his colleagues, with tile help that His Excellency Sir G. F. Bowen so kindly vouchsafed them, having suc ceeded in drawing blood in a metaphorical sense, their particular purpose now is to strike oil. The tide of popular indigna tion that has been created by the revolu? tionary proceedings of the Government, and tho passive attitude of those of the Ministerial supporters among tho people who have not absolutely seceded from the " great majority," are manifestationsof feel ing totally different from those wliich Mr. Barry had expected his grand coup would evoke. The bold stroke which lie aimed with such disastrously telling effect at the machinery of government in its various branches has produced nothing but tho suffering and wrong that falls upon those directly concerned, and a melancholy irrita tion in tho minds ot' the people at tho foolish mistike or egregious blunder they committed in pinning their faith to the opinionative political star who at prcseiU rules the destinies of the colony. It must bo very provoking and excessively disgusting to Mr. Berry to find that, after all his efforts, the public are so little or »o nAversely impressed with his exhibition of diplomatic »lull in the present crisis that not a single indivi dual finds himself called upon to throw Uis h?.t in the air from an excess of exultation ; nosection of the electors emerges from the cloud which has fallen upon the whole, heaving with thsui tho anticipated invita tions to " muffin foasts," and whispering word. of gladdeniug impart to tho herculean king vho has only to breathe to make men tremble ; nobody either has invited him to get on a stump and tell the world how lie did all his bold dseds, or, what is more important still, why he did them ; and, what is probably to Mr. Berry and his co-revoluti mists the most weighty of al\ their disappointments, there has not been a p ipuliir revolution, against the " thirty tyrants" and erstwhile " old bullock drivers" who deliberately and uncompro misingly iusistod on tlrjir right to exercise tho powers conferred on them by the Con stitution. Ait tins must, of course, be very niorti fying to Mr. Berry. The massacre has been committed, and its perpetration has been tacitly, if not demonstratively, ad judged to bs a foul and unjustifiable mistake. Withdrawal from the. position he so reck lessly took up is now impossible, anil it only remains for himself and his colleagues to make the best of the unhappy circum stances attending their casts. The rnflbd waters are to bo soothed with oil, and the people will learn of the iniquitous conduct of tho " tyrants" who have driven the peaceful innocents' of the " other place" to acts of desperation such as wore never before heard of in a country claiming to b3 governed under a Constitution Act. The country is to have another gratuitous '' stumping." The proceedings in this direction were commenced the other even ing by Sir. Richardson, M.L.A., one of the : representatives of Creswiclc, who under took to elucidate the intricacies of the situation and prove to his constituents the indubitable righteousness of the cause of the revolutionists. Unhappily, however, Mr. Richardson failed to " strike oil," and the turbulency of the waters is undimi nished. Mr. Berry has screwed his courage to the sticking place, and will, on the 21st of the present month, essay a similar task to that which Sir. Richardson attempted. Afterwards, it may bo relied 011, i3a][ will be kept rolling. Oil b"0 stmck at all hazards, or eternal, ni;n w;u ovettiikc tho revolutionists. 'Three hundred pounds a year-the name threii hundred that created aVi this pother-is a-consideration that, will indaco many of the satellites to tollow their leader and " dig down." If the people are not soon convinced there fore that they were wrong, entirely and absolutely wrong, in obstinately refusing to agree that a revolution would be about the best thing that could happen to the country at the present juncture, and the formation of a republic with Mr. Barry as its visible, infallible, and despotic head the next best, it will in all probability not be because men cannot be found to say so. But there is one gratifying circumstance in connection with' this stumping business, which is, that it will enable us to know just exactly how the Ministry means to justify itself in respect to the unprecedented step it has -tikon. There is much uncertainty on tins point at present, and it is just . as Well perhaps that it should be cleared up. j ttot that it makes any real difference after all, for everybody who gives even passiuj notice to colonial politics is perfectly-con versant with the circumstances which led up to the present7crisis, or at any rate with the prime cause of the dispute which has resulted in tho clogging, hay, in the abso lute annihilation,, of a great portion of the machinery of government. This was simply a conflict of opinion as to whether it was or was not desirable to'continue the payment of members system. Tho Council and a portion of the Assembly contended for the negative, and in doing so the members of the former body in no way excoeded their powers. Tho Government, bound in gratitude to provide for its supporters, eon toiidod, on the other hand, that tlio system must and should be co ltiuued, and we have soon tho length to which they have gone with tho view of coercing the other Chamber. We do not wish it to bo under stood that wo acquit the Council from all blame in tho matt Jr. ~ The members of that body erred, to our mind when they rejected the separate bill providing for.the continuance of the system during the existence (if tile present l'artiauleut, for sonle manifestation Had then been given of the extent to which greed and selfishness would drive the majority in the Assembly, if any attempt were made. to thwart them in tlieir purpose. Still; I* the Coun cil cannot be charged, .with arrogating to itself powers 'which it did not possess, and there is the additional circumstance to be taken into consideration also, that the Ministry) by retaining the objectionable item on the estimates after the separate bill had been forwarded to the Council, adopted an aggravating coercive policy which merited, as it received, mo3t | hearty condemnation. As to the con duct of ' the Ministry and its sup p liters, we fail to see hqw it can 136 justi fied by oily quantity of Jtlic most excellent stumping, for whatever may be urged in palliation ;of the later antics of the Go vernment, it cannot be denied that the whole rumpus arose, in the first place, out of the payment of members question. The electors of the colony have a very simple problem, to solve-Was the matter as to whether payment of members should be continued for a further period or ceaso until tho country had an opportunity of expressing an opinion on it, a question sufficiently important to warrant the Mini stry in talcing such extraordinary proceed ings as they have ddne1 Wasita matter that necessarily involved a revolution] No doubt Mr. Berry and his coadjutors will, during the stumping tour we are about to witness, conveniently lose sight of this question altogether. Mr. Berry may perhaps speci ously point to roform of the constitution and retrenchment in the Civil Sarvicc as the dear objects of his recant political action, but with the real boiie df contention laid so prominently bare, we confess ourselves slow to believe that he will, with tli3se false "ticklers," succeed in striking oil that will still the storm of his own creation. 'rt\\*ar.istl M.uii.-Mails for the United Kin;d')iii, &c.;, will close'at this office as ilnder :-Registered letteri, 6 p.m. on Tues day, 22nd Jailnary ; or lina-y lur.ters, 3.45 p.m. on Wednesday, 23rd January»«»<. papers, 3.30 p.in. oil Wednesday^ the Sir 1 January. - THE liivuns. -The Murray river registered last night at Echnci 2 feet 3 inohe3 above sjinfcmer level ; AVahgunyah, G inches ; Swan Hill, 2 feet 10 inches ; Ubury, 9 inches A DASTARDLY ACT.— The organ at Christ Church seems to be the object of the malice of some.unprincipled person, whose object it 13 difficult to determine. On Sunday week, the organist, on touching tho instrument, f.«ii;d ^ "iany of the connecting wire) behind tho bas3 rioitm as could be reached '>y the arm, had been torn aw,,,. ;lu,l th-i 30" vice was delayed fur some minutes until the damage h vl been temp warily ropiircl. T.-juf KnnrlatP i .t , Last bnnday it Was disc .vera 1 .hat another dastardly aot of a similar character Had bo-jn perpetrated, the wires connecting iho treble notes Having this time beon torn away as f-ir as could ho reached hy the arm. It is rea'ly to be hoped that some niett'is of discovering this person of vand dU'.ic predilections will be hit upon, and silch an example made of him as will prove effectual in pre venting any further indulgence) of the like proclivities. An advartise nnnt in another tdl'umn offers a reward nf £5 for such infor mation as will lead to tho conviction of the deniliquent. The Hakvest.-Tiie harvest has not been a very prolific one to 111 my farm hm. f., thf rorrnmbarry district the average is given by different sources at seven and ten bu°h«ls p6r ? acre. In soma cisss up to twenty ln\shel< p«r acre have bean obtaiaod-, bat in'others as little as throe or fortr. Cleared land of a dark or grey loan\y soil has »rown tlio best crops, while the heavy clay laud on the plains has yiolled noorly, owing to tho want of moisture. We are informed that paddocks sown after harrowing and rolled have dme better than anv others, and deep ploughing is generally condamned as a failure for the dry season just passed through. Mr. Butts, of Torrumbeny, made a most siicie33fni experiment of harrowing before sowing, a« the land ttfo-ited grew a lino cron, wliilo a pari beside it which w*ts treated in the ordi nary way would not pay for reaping Mr. Forge, of Torruinba-ry West, fnruislies 11s with the following details of 320 acres, which he and his sister, an adjoining selector, had under, crop :-150 acres >;ave 0 bushels to the acre; 100 acres, 6 bushels to (H: acre. and 15 acres 5 bushels to the aero. He spo'iks most favorably of t.lia superiority of the stripper over tho reaper. He reaped 75 acres and stripped 75 acres. The former cost him £40 by tho time it was threshed, and the latter only £5. tie is of opinion chat the stripper will supersede the reaper whun lis merits become better known. There is also i\ growing preference for sc irifying in place of ploughing, as be in,- more adapted to the peculiarities of Victorim soil and climate. Large quantities of .vheat are daily coming into Echuca. A good deal <.f 'c i, sold, but some growers pr^fer tl) st " V ° a "*"? »> tha marker. At h\vhv n \B'rrf 3200 ba«s "f »lleat a"d oavioy C..O,stacked. fiiE Miohanics' issi^auii-Our Me chanicB Inititnle'conUtlues tu prosper. A largo mimiiot uf new subscribershave recentlv beftl elirollod, and tho library is constantly u-ing added to. The issue of volumes is growing larger. The imnrovemeuts which havo been befoie referred to. will be almost, immediately commenced. The attendance of juveniles at the leading room is iucreasiii" as well as that of 'adults', and the oxeirti»lary behaviour of the la access to periodicals, and the public library is reported upon .mist favorably by the secre tary, Mr. Goodchild. The institute as a whoh is very flatteringly compared to the one at Sandhurst by a correspondent in one of the ennd hurst papers,' and the testimony to its efficiency is deserved. We have been requested to acknowledge a donation of £10 by fllr. James Laing to tho institute. SALE OF THE SHIRE HALL.-The Shire Uiancil have rejected tho advice of Mr. Berry to postpone tho sale of the Shire Hall until after the ratepayers have h id an oppor tunity of expressing thair vie.vs rewarding thoquestion of its disposil. The sale of the hall is advertised to tako place to-day, " on the promises," at half past two o'clock. Mr. James Shackell will submit tho pro perty under the hammer. This gentleman : ~ ,uiu(sii Aiiio geucieman Ins strenuously.opposed the sale of the hall 111 the Council and by anneal to thn A .NEW PROJECT.-A meeting of gentle men, convened by Mr. J. Goodchild, was held at the Mayor's rooms on Saturday even ing;, for tlie purpose of considering the feasibility or otherwise of a project that had been mooted, tlie object of which wai trio con voyanco of goods botweeu Deniliquiu and Hay by means of a traction engine. There was a goud attendance, tlie chair being occupiocf by the Mayor, Mr. W. W. Moore. The particulars of the scheme ware laid before the mesting by Mr. Goodchild, who submitted that if a company Were, formed and a traction engine purchased; a substan tial proht niiifht b> i'eaped. A disciis-non ensued, bnt eventually it was found that most of tho as i m practicable, and the me.-'tinir broke up without any further action hoiuij taken. Tub; New Incombest.-We understand that tho lie v. Mr. Olampitt, recently of Geelong, has been appointed to the incum bency ol Christ Ohurcll during,tlie ..absence . ?f the Raf. Jfr. (Jirlick, tvliidh, it isoxpedta I, will eStetld oVer about twelve mouths. The new incumbent conducted both iho morning and evening sorvices at Christ Church on Sunday, his preaching creating a very favor able impression on the minds of tho eongre zation. DEATH BY DROWNING - Yesterday morn- ing Mr. W. W. Moore, J.P., held a magis- terial inquiry at Echuca East, on the body of Ellen Richards, aged nine years, who was drowned in the Murray on Satur- day afternoon. Margaret Weir deposed that on Saturday afternoon she saw deceased and other girls go into the Murray near Mackin- tosh's mills. They held on to the gunwale of a flat-bottomed boat. Deceased suddenly let go her hold and disappeared in the water. Witness thought she was drowning, and im- mediately gave the alarm to her husband, who was close at hand, he at once went into the water, but could not find the deceased. Ann Richards, the mother of the child, deposed that she left home on Satur- day afternoon to attend a funeral. On re- turning she found all her children absent, and they all returned in the evening, except Ellen. Witness was subsequently informed that deceased was drowned, and on the pre- vious day saw her taken out of the river, near the sand bend. Patrick Kelly Stated that the body was recovered in about eight feet of water. Mr. Moore found that the deceased was accidentally drowned while bathing. The funeral of the unfortunate girl took place yesterday afternoon. Six young ladies dressed in white walked immediately behind the hearse to the ceme- tery, making up a scene of pathetic interest. The GtXBOWua TRADE.-The increase in the who it trade from (riinbower will shortly neuooitato sf.ops being taken to facilitate compliance with the Cu regul uions. At present declarations have to be made by shippers of grain fro u the place n luted, cert fyi >g it to bo Victorian wown, but this is only done at great inconvenience to tho persons conc-truei. Yet tit's is tho onty means at present available for satisfying the collector of Customs, and for tile protec tion of the revsnu It is suggested as an easier aud nlofe Complete nletltod that an otHcrf) iay the Crown lands bailiff in the district named, should lie apji 'ititiid by the Government to give tho ro(\u red certificate. Aiio'lier ti^'u the farmer, namely, the erejcion of n depot or at irehoitse for griim at Gunb iwer, id, wo Iean,i, to bo sup u ? Vl®,s 3- '1-' >ii 13 a want ttluoh uw been niiich felt, for li'ulserto tli -re ?<.*?* '»8~i0 irniUne.; Z tons of rod-^iiin anil, 205 h i-s of -rain principally wheat brought from' Gnnbower.' Llio birgo oF tho steamer, which drew 3ft. int. , :*ofc stuck several tidies thon-h [oidfd with only 52 ton.,.causin* the trip to occupy iwico.tho ordinary time. The Success, an soon as discharged will l-avo «*«.. for B,,nb.,»p r. liie PASC »E V. Wubb LroG& Acrroy - Wc Have received a |« tav fr.tui a c Miv:,p(m.iont Sg'Uii ? hyns'-if ,f .fustitia," i-eiri ca e of 0. K Pascoe v. Webb, for libel) lUIogo 1 to Imvo beon coiii'nirted at a public meeting of the born.isli ratepayers hel.l recently, ihe writ having been served, an I the matter lioin- conieqnendy SUB iitdicc ! we feel compollod to decline insertion for the latter. Our correipondsnt ivilli \VU are' confident, recognise tl»i f.lrcd of o,u- objec ti"ii. \\\A may StAta. however, that one of tlio onjocts of the communication is to h ivB a defence fund initiated, so that Mr. Wobb may bo enabled to defend the action DEATH fp.O.u Sun'si'KOKE. -. A magisterial I'lq.nry into tin causa of death of the man wm. tJtronsjirnn, who suddenly dropped down doid a-. Taripta on Thursday last,,vas i,!d on bnd ,y night at tho Police-station L)j DI. Croker, 1.1. The evideneo given tended to show that the supposition pre viously formed, that the deceased had died trom sunstroke, was correct, and tho pro ol'T'ACT '°'st"lte 1C0ur*ecl ,lis 0P"iion to this THE DROUGHT.- Owing to the extreme dryness of the season the largest dam on the Torrumbarry run is nearly dried up, revealing about a ton of dead fish lying at the bottom. It is supposed that the dam first became a fish pond during the flood of 1870, when the Murray overflowed into it. Since that time the dam has never so nearly given out as at the present time. BUSHFIRES. - We find from our exchanges that bushfires are raging in almost all direc- tions, and in many instances considerable damage has been done. In some cases selec- tors have been completely burnt out, and it has happened not unfrequently that the owners of the properties on fire have offered men £1 each to lend a hand in beating out the flames. UxosuAt, BUOYANCY.- Redgnm timber Thisf ^8' « M,R»0r- Calculating «p,," this fact, a cradle made ..f this material vis launched into the Murray yesterday, at Messrs. Air and Westergarcld'a slip- I mid«rn,;ath tbo li.lr^bo.iS'Bt.a.hor, i ppliAiicu floated; arid hms cirriud out of «-0ar c e s"'e*"r- RHA extremely hot weHher wei'htTt T i l,ild -ro,tl^ "dnced the timber, and it was ii .t till the cradle was weighted with lia»s of sand tljjit it cotilfl bo sunk:. ! FII'.r. AT CASIIMUIA.--A !it Tand darra named John Cooper, sustained a lather severe loss on Tuesday last, tbron d. wav (m*3) n° ol,t sol"° ""accountable 'iy on Ins property. About daybreak on the morning named a brother of Cooper1-, discovered that the straw stack, which'was Uose to a shed in which 23S ba»s of wheit were stored, was on fire. The flames spread i'lonecf'h't'S '"'Q !l3si!,tiljICH eu,llci ho sum moued, H.I L commmiiKuted with the bnildin.. ill which the wheit had been placed A number of willing hands were soo, at vorlc rX,/ndT"'i,,a t;,,s,lve ;,s of tlio n. ie.it as they could; and by .lint of hard i:jcertmns they recover d all but 77 I, ru", tho burning shed. Mr. Coopo Us reason to feel thaukfnl that his loss was re tW'Ur >'!". 11 " S(lPP«sed th tfc the uoon Mm P' S""1B, "l ltcluia n'llich were "pon the -round near the straw stack bavin b.-en i-nited by cattle tramplinj; on thorn. ° pSu ATE~,Ir' a M'11">sb11, I. U., of Moama, havim; obtained leavo of absence, left for Sydney on Friday last I for tli« RlN'r TxF:~Tha t-« classifiers t K'S" ;ll<,not "ppoinied-under the Liviift Las. Act, have, we undorstand, com menced their duties. Ti.e boundaries of tlin | district embrace all the territory (yi,,., be: tireen tho Loddon and Goulburu' river.s, and LlIIUC.V and Castlemaino. About 400 000 acres will have to br classified, the individual nioas held ranging from 050 to 00,000 acres !«nd, one section is exempt acl d9H6: 2,1 OKompt., 3id, three sections exempt; 4th \- oOO awes .exempt according to thu class Pi die '5 Ci I'mT ^ °?CRTTAt «>» Eclu.ca l.e sl10 vy t y' h° c],!"-go on ? one against a man natn-d .losepb OaniMii, for ass Hilling his wife As 