ITEMS OP NEWS. \- Letters and newspapers from England, by the R.M.S. Assam, will reach Castlemaine to-day. It ii possible that the former will arrive by the first train. : The bush-fire which we notioed yesterday as being seen at toe Mia-mia, has raged continu ously ever since between Mnckleford and New- stead. It has found substantial feeding material in log fences and dead timber, and has become dangerous from its approach to farms. The Chief Secretary does not approve of prisoners being sent from the Melbourne gaol, where their work goes towards their mainten ance, np to Castlemaine or other boroughs, where their labour is for the benefit of the local body, A general rule to that.effect was passed in 1876, but it does not appear to be strictly carried out, for the Oonncil yesterday still hope to obtain the concessions they wish for, by making "proper representaions.". An interesting item in the news by. the mail is the distress which' prevails among the mining population, of Cornwall, it having become so . great as to require an organised charitable move ment for relief. The production of minerals in other parte of the world has led to a compe tition ominous to the Cornish miner, who most now tarn to other occupations or emigrate to countries that offer fields for bis skill and la bour. By the operation of the same law of com? petition, artisans from ' the United States of America are emigrating in great numbers to England and the colonies. It sounds strange to hear that American workmen beards tbe British artisan in the buildings, workshops and ware houses of the world's metropolis, but it is no less Btrange than true. A speoial meeting of committee of the Bene volent Asylum was held yesterday afternoon, when the Rev. E. Day, president, was in the chair. The only business was to pasB accounts, and hear the report and balance-sheet read. The accounts, which amounted to L19I 9s 5d, were passed for payment; these were grouped nnder the headings — maintenance, L98 lis lOd ; general expenses, L51 lis 3d ; out-door ex- penseB, L41 6s 4d. From an examination of tbe balance- sheet, it was seen by comparing it with that of the previous year, the institution was L50 better off, and there is atill a balance due to it by Government for building, of L250. Both report and balance-sheet were approved of. We are in receipt of a book, written by Dr Beaney, of Melbourne, oalled " The history and progress of surgery." It consists of an address delivered to the medical students Of the Mel- bourne hospital, on the occasion of the presen tation" of the prizes in the classes of operatic surgery. The work is an admirable exposition of the subject referred to, in reviewing the pro gress of Burgical science during the last half cen tury, in illustrating the numerous cases effected by modern treatment and appliances, and in de scribing the instruments, delicate, complicated, and marvellous, by which the modern medical praotitioner successfully assails the strongholds of disease. The author contends that surgery is both an art and a science ; an art in so far as it involves the performance of the various manual duties required in the employment of the means invented by the skilful mechanist, and a soience in relation to tbe ohoioe and application of suoh means. Mr Bailliere is ths publisher, and the typography is excellent. ' A man named Reid was drowned in the sight of his wife at Manly Beaob, Sydney, on Tnes day, while bathing. A fatal , accident occurred on Wednesday at Brunswick. Charles Clarke, 22 years of age, and residing in Charles-street, was delivering newspapers on borsebaok, and when he wsb leaning over on one side the stirrup gave way, and he fell off upon his head. He was picked up in an insensible state, and conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, where be died soon after wards, without regaining consciousness. A gatekeeper named Folix Daniel, on the Gippsland Railway, at the Tank Gate, was caught by the up train at five o'clook on Wed nesday afternoon, while attempting to open bis gate. Iestead of taking the sido path, tbe un fortunate man, who was infirm, walked between tbe rails, thinking he would have time to reach the gate before the train arrived, but he bad barely reached tbe firBt gate when tbe engine knocked him down across both rails and the wheels severed his head from the body, oleaDly catting off his left hand and arm, and mutilated the feet and legB. Wo (Cornwall Ohroniole) have received by the B.B. Devon a box of specimens of copper ore from the claims being prospected by Messrs A. W. Loane aud party, at Little Badger Head. The specimens are very rich sulphuret, inter mixed in several instances with purple sulphuret of copper, constituting what is commonly known as peacook ore. One specimen weighs over221bs., and seems much waterworn. Mr Loane informs ue that he has found the lode three feet under the sea at high water mark, bat that it is much decayed by the action of the water. The party are now prospecting inland, and hope shortly to find the lode at a moderate depth. The speoimens are far richer than any oopper ever before found in Tasmania, and we trust sinoerely the hopes of the prospeotors will be realised. , i j The official gold returns for the month of No vember, as furnished by the sub-treasurer, at SaDdhnrst, are I2,696oz, as against 12,259ozfor the previous month, showing a decrease against tbe month of November. An accident, which might have resulted some what severely, happened at the German picnic on Tuesday. A young woman was walking about the ground, and by some means ber dress became ignited. Fortunately the accident being observed by a nnmber of bystanders, the dreas was Boon torn off, preventing what might bave been a very serious accident. People, when smoking in a crowd, should be careful where they throw their lighted matches. — Daily Tele graph. On Monday a fine cart horse, belonging to whom no person knows (writos the Smythoadalo correspondent of the Ballarat Star), got into an old shaft, where it lay at the time I write with out the slightest effort being made to extricate it. Had it been on the Sabbath Day, and our population a Jewish one, there might have been an exense, though a trivial one, for leaving if; in its position, where undoubtedly it will perish, unless some kind Samaritan come to its relief. A melancholy accident, says tho Herald, hap pened near Birregurraon New Year's day. Two lads, named Charlos Y. L. Griffiths, aged 12 years, son of the late Mr Valentine Griffiths, and Bromfield, went out ou a shooting excur sion. They shot a number of birds, and, as some of the wounded ones fell into a dam, Griffiths ventured into the water to bring them out, Bromfield, who could not swim, remaining on the bank. Young Griffiths could only swim a few strokes, and soon showed signs of ex haustion. Bromfield waded into the water for a. considerable distance, but finding that he was going beyond his depth, at once returned and proceeded to the residence of Mr Edmundson, two miles away, for assistance. On returning to the dam there was no sign of Griffiths, but on the water being dragged the lifeless remains of tbe unfortunate boy were brought to the sur face. An inquest was held, when a verdict was returned of accidentally drowned.- The de. ceased was on a visit to Mr Edmundson's family, to' spend the Christmas holidays at Birregurra. A further experiment with the telephone was made on Wednesday night at the stores of Messrs M'Lean Brothers and Bigg, the connec tion being between tbe shop in Elizabeth street and the warehouse in Spencer street. The dis tance between the two is about three- quarters of a mile. The telephones used, remarks the Tele graph, were made by Mr Edwards, of Hotham, who has the contract for 6tting up the new Go vernment offices with electric bells. The two warehouses are connected by telegraph, and on Wednesday night the telephones were joined to the wire by a slight oopper wire. The ex periment may be said to have been as successful as could reasonably be expected. It was not Bnfficient to justify the discarding of the ordi nary telegraph communication at once by the firm, but quite sufficient to prove that articulate sounds, uttered in an ordinary tone of voice, can be distinctly transmitted a distance'of three- quarters of a mile. The tune of "There's nae luck about tbe house," as whistled in Spencer Btreet,.was clearly heard by our representative in Elizabeth street ; - and snch sentences as " Didyou hear that 1 " "Yes ! " . "Try again," and " What will you have ? " were understood, though many others simply prodnced a confused noise. "Oooey," however, was always heard, though faintly, as if it came from nnder half a dozen feather beds. Altogether, tbe experiments were extremely interesting and encouraging, and the.general belief was that if the wooden frame of the telephone were enlarged and perfected so as to concentrate the transmitted sound, and to exclude all others, tbe invention might at once become of practical use to Government departs ments, public institutions, and private firms.. 