The Rabicon has been crossed. War be tween the two Honses is no longer a pre tence, hot a etern unmistakable, leidity. The dead-lock has commenced in earnest, end the Government have taken the first sten towards protincing, not a sham, but a real, tangible contest. Quite a host of mvil servants have been dismissed from the ez- cdleot appointments which they have so long held ; and nearly the whole machinery on the rnvil eidie of the law is suspended.. Thus the dispute between the two Eouses' has assnmed a position of the otmost gravity, and it is hard to tell at this jiiDCture when or how tbe struggle will beconcladed. One thing, however, is certain. Much more can be done by the Ministry before they will find their powers gone. In fact, Tuesday's |sx»- ceedings are only jnst giving one tarn to tbe screw of retaliation on the- Upper Honse, for its grossly unoonstitational conduct. If this will not suffice to bring it to reasoo, to conviuo it that the pnbHc and tbe Assem bly will no longer be trifled with by its ob- : structiveness, (hen worse is sdre to follow. Bit by bit the whole machinery of the State will be taken to pieces, until not an atom of it remains ; and the whole. community will then be banded over to anarchy and con fusion. No person, however intense may be his political feelings, can view this pros pect with pleasure. But there is no help fur it in this case unless relief should come from the Council. The qoarrel between tbe two Houses has ptevjuled ever since the CstitntioD Act came 'in force; and it has now attmiied snefa b head thstanvtfaing like an ordinary compromise has become im possible. The Council has filled np the measure of its iniquitiBB by throwing oat the annnal AppropriaUon Bill, and thus revolted bUth against the Crown and the people ; and the Crown and the pecqile are bonnd, in self- defencsi, to tnia rooiid and rpsent Uii| Iflis- graceful, treacherous, ai'didoyaL conduct. It u nojiiBe,,rv.thgGamuciing to efuelAllf Trom iirort by Uiat thejfiiat atone was twa by the Ministiy, ud that what tbe Upper Sonseis doing, is bmng done to prolect its privfies Ifrom ucroacfament. The Mitdstry did not pat the y<Be for payment of members in the Appropriatlpn Billi nntii the Conncil had gvra th very dearly to understand that, DO msttw how that vote was seiift: hp, it wodd never fdsdvetheaanciioB oF that Chamber, The MiiiwtryHdid not take this step antii diey found Conudl mam deterqu , to pnt a. 9top. Id; of metniDBi in ipn& toci|paEDO£racf, to curtsll the "pbVer ,Dtiihe peoe' In Parlia ment, to pnnish iRm Ministiy thdr rappMm for : pasMng the Land Tax Act, toget£id:Df.Mr Bbbbt and Juscdleaguea at all hazards, aiid to tisstore the Conserva tive Mirly to powbr, It wastiientbeiuiioaiit was indodedj in the Estimates j ud tiie IroverDment wronld have been bartenDg sway the rite of tlie peqe bad tthey sdopted any othwcoqrse tb'd i ihe fifficnUy vfaudi had oooBred. But sobse- quently they showed no disposition to push the quarrel to extremes. When they were assured that tbe Council' would pass tbe amount if sent up in a separate bill, the hOnistiy sent that House a separate bill for tbe purpose; But this bill was treated by tbeuocil with coutempt, and rejected — ostenmbiy on the ground that the amount Btin remdned in the- Apftopriation Bill, but reaHy because the Cuimdl bad detenmned that payment of members should no longer pfiBTul, - hor the leaai we. have ost : given. There was nothing novel or peculiar abont the vote that it should not have been induded in tbe Appropriation Bill. Jlof could -ihb Appropriiiiibn' BHI 'have bran rant to ' the;> .Coundl iwitbont it, even, if the vote bad been pasrad in a raparate bni,emce'e very item of expen diture for tb4 year, as 'eanctioned by tbe two Houses, special appropriations included, have to appear in that measure. The ex cuse, therefore, made by the Council for re- jectang the separate bill was of the weakest kiod, and was simply put forward to realise quite another object. But even if there bad been anything in this oljwiioD, it was not Euffident to juetiiy - tbe rejection of the separate bill. When two parties are in dispute, both will cpucede a little if they are honest in their professed inteutions. lu this case, the Ministry made a large concession by seuding up the vote in a separate bill ; and it was only fair that on its side tbe Council sbould have conceded tbe fact that the vote still remained on the Estimates. There would then have been -the give-and- take principle shown by'eachGhamber; and the dispute would, in that case, have been settled In a manner that was creditalde to huth Houses.' Butihe Council ostensvhly wanted all the co&oeraioUto; come- from the- pnejside, as "it has- always doue mnce it came. into existence; and loohiDg at all tbe drcumscee of the case, tbe "Ministry would clearly have dragged the privileges of the Assembly in tbe dirt had it yield to this selfish solicitation, Blit what tbe Council . really did want' was to -force the Ministiy into a position which would have brought .them into dLsagreement with theGovefudr. This would have been the result ' of withdrawing the vote from the Estimates, because tbe Governor might,: when the separate bill was rejected— as would assuredly have bran done with it by the CoDDcal, whether the vote was on or o& theEstimates— have declined tb give another message to include the vote in the Appro- priatioD Bill, because such an act would savor of coercion of tbe Council. The Council thus knew that if it could only force the Ministiy to withdraw the item before the AppropriatioD Bill was sent op, the coast wonld be dear for defeating pay ment of members absolutely ; and it was against this little scheme which the Minis tiy had _ to guard, and they disposed of it most effectually, by still retain ing the item on the Estimates pre pared for tiie annnal expenditure. ' Lrak- ing at the wbde matter, therefore, in the most nnbiassed spirit, it ie impossible to nnderstand how tiie" Ministiy ' could have acted with more pradence ai condliation tiian they have doue in this case, or how the isrtHtnay condnct-of the Coon "can be defended. Indeed, four-firths of the Con servative papers urged the ConDdt to pass the separate bill ; thns showing that even amongst its own friends tbe action of the Ministiy was regarded as everytluDg that oonld be ired, and the subsequent conduct of the Coen- dl evpiytbing that would justify the most sweeping coademnation. Apart, faow- evw, frmn all these facts — wfaicb, in justice to the Ministry, the electors sbodd dways carefnlly bear in mind — the condoct of the Ooundi is utterly indefensible. The House of CommoiH has often induded itmns in the annual Appropriation BUI to which theHouse of Lords objected. But the House of Lords has not rejected tbe bill on that account. It has protested, delayed, threateaod, and 1 that sort of tfaiiig; iiat die atOBaent the Houe of Commons pnt up its bach the bill has beaB.iaMed, and the good relationship . the twobosea Jias soon -been Festored. The lesiilt .W that jan annual . Appropriation - Bill has nbt'pran rejected by the House of "LoFdsTor'tite fatUfiOO -ye'an.- Gieariy,'then, whether payment of membeia was obnoxiciuB to it br not, the Coundl shonld haye passed the Appropriation Bill rather than insult both toe , Grown and the Assembly by Its rejection. It has'refused, however, . .to do this. It has. Imd the Appropriation Bill aside, and thns committed a manifest breach <A the- OonstitiHion, and plunged the colony into all sorts of trouble, the end of winch DO mao can foresee, and the effects of which must be widespread and disas trous. Tbe whole responsibility of the dead-lock must therefore rest upon the shoulders of the Coundl. It has forced on a struggle between the two Honses, between conservatism and democa-acy, and it must bear alt the odinm due to tbe act. The time, in aborr, has come when the bickerings of toe last twenty years must te brought to mi end ; and no lyet of Miuisteis could possibly retain toe coufi- . deuce of the people who did not thoroughly realise and act up to this position. " Bebby and his colleagues s'hpw that they amierstaod the -difficulty they have to cope with. The act of Tuesday is a splendid beginning, and will convuice the Conndl that no diild's play is intended. This is the correct way to deal with the dispute, and the only true spirit in which a struggle to maiU- taiu the rights of the Legislative Assembly should be conducted. Is. now" rests with the Coundl to say ' hdw long this fight , shall, last. The first step to restore peace;, jp to lake up toe Appropriation fiiil, and pasU it into law. The next step fa to eanctton its own refurm, so that there 'toall he no pos sibility of these disputes occurring again. Tbe wbde sdntion of the quanel, there fore, lies with the Coundl ; and it remains to be seen how that Chambw will deal-with. the emsrgeney which has arisen. i A FEW words on behalf of the Ballmt. Swimming Club. This club has been in 'ex-; istenoe for tfae.last. five years, and tanght fapndrsds -how tio sivun ; and as the warm weather has now really rat inlu eantest.'e committee, -are taking, -sctira.'- ineaenreu to .secure agiatffylDg andpraepraoos aesaob. To do this, however, amnethingtnorejs -to- quired than Individual 'or aTCiate effUri on the part of the'mmittee. It is desirable toat toe number Of members ahoidd be iq- creased ; and we would direct toe-attention of all those per8qnB;.f-yonpg, middle-aged, and old — who recognise .ideaoIii>rabAni) oslnesa which ttie rasociat vrith ii knowledge ot 8wimmiDg,to.tlie derirability of their actively aympathhnng With efforts .of ton Gtimmitoae ip. tfus iauble vantajrae -derivable .-from 'a'kimwled|-4ff iwimnnhg comehome to eveiy person. " "To awupefl not only meana heqnent rcobtacft qritii; water, by wbkh the body is kept dean and toe system "healthy. It also mssna pre- ventian from deato, in cases of aquatic emeigeucy, and toe power to assist others,, lees BblFto protect themselves Inapchcasesi from toe same onUmdy disaster, No yon to efaould toerdoiB grow up . witbont learning how to swim.; and no man shonld consider that he has discharged all toe obtigations he-owes to himself and bodely ontil t» has scqoired this useful art. The BaUarat Swimming Club nndertakes to teach this wholesome and nsefnl acquisi tion on the most economic of terms. The annaal subscription is £1 a year for sdultEj.and lOs for yonths under aixteun years dfage. These terms luclude the 'use of the Corporation. Baths for the whde year; so toat it' is Aifficdtto nnderstaud how greater breadth of lUiendity cobid be displayed, or bow a person could learn to %wim,.:and «njoy., tito Ibxmy qf bathing, under more favorable an-angemeuie. There is also an excellent chance of any member of the dub who erarta himself to become .a good swimmer makiDg money by the con. nection. Once a year the club holds matches at the baths, auti tbe prizes then awarded generally amount to £50. Every memi has a chance of getting one or more of these prizes ; and this is an additional reason why everj' person residing in tbe towu should become a member of tbe dnh. There is also a silver watdl of the value of £.5 5a given by the C.ty Council every year to the best swimmer of the club under sixteen years of age, who has learnt to swim during tbe season ; so that the advantages derivable from j .iuing this club are as numerous as they sIiduM be generally attractive. But the coiuniittee in tend to see if they cannot even increase these indacemeuts, to the youug especially, to juin the dub. It is intended to make ap plication to the " Royal numaiie Society in Melbourne, asking that toeir gold medd may be bestowed every year upon any" young Vieturian under toe age of sixteen years, who shows himself -l>est. qualified to rescue a drowning person, and to restore, aiiiuiatiou ia a person appxrenily drowu ; the competition to take place in the Oorpora- tion Baths, BaUarat." Nodoubta favorable' response will be made to this overture; but whether such be the result or not, certain it is that to be a memlter of this club is the surest -way to become a good s.wfmmer, and toe cheapest method toat could be i>088ibly bit npon for toe purpose. We trust, therefore, -to see the number of mem bers of this coterie largely increased this seuBon; and to find hea& of families, more, particularly, do all that lies in their power, by toking out cards of membership for their offspring, to place the affairs of this dab in a sound, progressive, and fionrishing con dition. The prindpoi topi of conveivation in BaUarat yesterday was tlie action of the Goremmeac in dismissing sncli a large number of eivil atrvauts as taose anDOunced in another uoiumii. Tlie ex- pressioos of opinion, of course, varied according to tbe political feelings of the speakers ; some stating pretty freely that the Gavemment had not dealt fairly with so maoy old publicaervaots, while others beartliy endorsed the action which the Govers- pient had taken. A very general feeling, how ever, ptevsib that tbe step will rtsult in advantage to the pablic, as it will enabb the Government to. 'reduce the cost of the dvil service, which on all hands appears to be regarded as excessive Mr Gaunt; PAI went out su. nsnal yee- terday to preside at the Cieswick Police Court, and aaoertained what liad happened just as he had taken his seat, on the bench. Mr Gaimt having said that he thought he had been harshly desUt with, after eo many years oonnectioD with the law department, letiiied from the bento, and thebtisineas was then carried on by tfaeiocal- jnstioesof tbiepeace. In BaUarat, Messrs CaseUiand Jones presided in the City Court, and Kir H. Smith Id the Town Court. D will be seen by our adver tising colamns that Mr Gaunt announces that he has comiuenced to practise in BaUarat as a barris;er-at-law, and the worst wish that will be entertained for him will be that "he maybe sue- ceasful in his new pnrsoit. Yesterday waa the hottest day of tbe season, and oearfy alldayapwfecthaze of amofcefrom bush- fires sorrounded the dty and town. At twelve o'clock noon, the thermometer stood at 92 d. Fsbpeabeit in the shade, and at three pjn. at at 109 deg. The mavimnm between these periods was 107 in the shade, as taken at the Surrey Office. Tlie maximum heat in the sun was about 126 deg. The committee of the City Council appointed to investigate the state of Lake Wendooree, and tbe desirability of the water from tbe City of BaUarat Company. bdng pumped into it, visited the lake yesterday evening, and sounded the dqptbgeitetaUy througfaoat the wearing on- tbe south -ei - rOie hotimn was (onnd to be veiy ievri, viien no exca vation had been mad with a depfii vaiying from 2 feet 6 inchet. to . 8 feet -6 laehea, or « finr '-Mjweiage ' eCt-Uttle under . 3 feet. Over the eteamer trum -the water waa generally deeper— notably In the cutting along the embank ment and around tbe islanda About the Botanic Gardens, the depth may be fairly stated at from 3 feet 6 inches to 4 feet 6 inches. There were, of course, shallow places here and there foimd ; but they are mostly known. The committee were agreeably surprised, not only at tbe quantity of water thus proved to be-in the lake, bat also at the generM imiformityof the bottom lerri. It is the intention of the committee to recommend that gauges be set ' up to test the rate of evapora tion, and that a olar register of the readings be kept, together with tbe tempeiature of the water and atmosphere. The ontcome will doubtless be some more reliable information on the subject to guide the future management of diis valuable de posit of water. We learn that Mr Jaines Campbell -will address the riectors of BaUarat on Thursday, 17th instant, in the Mechanics' Institute,' oo the present situa tion, witii some proposals for constiiational and electoral reforms. A destrnctive bush-fire broke out on Tuesday evening in Bungaree. It destroyed a large numb of j'onng trees on tbe Water Commiasion reserves, a large quantity of feodog, and was only pre vent from burmng Mr S; J. Bentley's crop through the greenness of Die com. id this crop tan fire, the confiagratioa would hgve spread to many others adjoining, and done a vast amoant of damage. It seema that a Sydney apeculator is buying up all tfae-old and lued twopenny stamps he can pro cure in Victoria, and that a nnmbOT of bays are employed in BaUarat, Geelong, and other towns in this tic. Why twopenny Stamps are spedally selected is a mystery, and should cause the postal authorities to make some enquiries into the matter. A railway employee named Richard Angwin died suddenly in the Hospital yesterday afternoon. Deceased was jammed between the buffers of two engines about a month ago on the turn-table at the Western station. He was admitted to the Hospital, and in course of time discharged. A day or two ago, however, he was re-admitted, suf fering from an abscess, through the bursting of which he died, as above stated. Under ordinary circumstanccs an inquest would have been held, but Dr Holthouse's services as coroner having been dispensed with, no enquiry took place, and Dr Owen yeatetday gave a certificate of death without performing a post-mortem examination. Bush-fires have again been blazing in the vici nity of Smy tbesdale all the afteniaon, and a very- heavy one came across the ranges, in the direction of 51r Wrigley's farm and the Smythesdale Con- sola claim. Fortanareljr the eoutheily wind sent ine nre to ue norin oi ix>cn tnose places ; but the bush seemed to be burning very fiercely in the vicinity hg Niotingbool Emi Tbesc fre quently "recurring fires must he " in most cases toe work of iocendes. and spme special effort ahbuld "heianade by the offer of rewards or by' in- creased vigUance on toe part .of the mounted police, or soine other method, to catcli tbe peqic- tostqra, aa.besidea the risk of hucaipg down farms "uid'o dwelli in 'toe bosh, these fires ,da an im&mre; "of damage to timber, .wb ispow geuiiig v smttcp for miniiig purptoea. . " "Ah-'adetit-aily unattended with'torioos lesolts— :OCcnifed last night on toe' railway line at toe Geelong station. . The guard's van attached to toe night train from -Melbonroe to BaUarat, when entering the station, was nui'iatoadd somewhat damaged by a pilot engine. Tbe gnard and inaiU man received some afight brfdsee,'bnt nothing eeriaasarosefrBm-toeoccorrence.'"- - - ' .; Blr -4)1. toe. firm -of Bhodes and BnUaa, recdved a very gevere cat on the pnder'part of his left wrist yeaterda>.qmrnlng, .thcoogh atnmbiing when near a toaffimtter,' his hand toereby coming in contact with toe knives of toe machine, which wssworkingispiattbetime. .: Mr Bidias was taken to toe Hospital as quiridy as possible, where his injuries were attended to, and he then returned home. There . ia a .probability that jsome of the leodona have been divided, in whidi case serious results may ensne. A humoToua iucideat took pUoe at the BaUarat Lnuato; AyIuai"-OB Tuesday, -on the 'occarion of the paddock of diy grass adjoining the institution being on fire. The employees had been called out to prevent toe fixe spnlng, and, iffter riuowing water on'tfae flomea with all the utmrils avaiigble, it was found toese'serricet were of no avail, for the I flames were still increasing. Tbe master thereupon called upon tbe convalescent lunatics to a8«8C,and one of them, Bering the position of affrirs, imme diately called out to toe officers : — " Well, you are lunatics, wasting your time ; why don't yon beat it oat with branches?" 'Where- upoD, he and oeveral other convaleaoeotB seized btautoes from tbe trees dose fay, and witUn two luiuutee tbe fiire waa out. Who had most aenae in this imtsBoe— the lunatics or thdr keepm 7 The Fort Dartrin linej widchfaad been inter rupted north of Alice Spripgi,"was affright again last night. A buah-fire was faurning In the dirsctom -of Mount Xavier yesterday, but only a small ptsrtion of scrub was destroyed. There were nine occupants of the cdls at the Town lock-tip last night, of whom three w drnnlourds. The others srere — Thomas King (against whom there are fourteen prerioos eon-. victioDs), chatged with using obscene language and aasanlting the aireeting constable, Drianey ; Sarah Weehbrooke, charged with being a vagrant — her ihrre children, aged respectiydy ten, seven, and five years, charged with beicg neglected children; and J. M'Chuiby, charged with petty larceny. The annual meeting of Branch No. 1 of tbe Protestant Mutual Benefit Sodely was held on Tuesday evening last, at the Back's Head hotel. The auditora' report and balance-sheet showed a s-fiisfactry state of tbe funds, especially in the face of a payment of £40 to tbe general funeral fund, and £10 on account of the death of a mmu- ber. Mr Wtu. LumBden was appoiuted chairuian, aii-i Me-rs Bedford and Fiitard were re- apiH)inted secretary- and treasurer respectively. A com mittee was also appointed to take meaaurea for recognising in a fitting manner the ar-iuons "and lrsevering labors of tbe secretary in estabiisluag the eociety on its pteaenc satisfactory footing ; and the members present congratulated themselves on toe happy change from the past to toe present state of affairs. Barkatead was snnonnded on all sides with bash-fires yesterday. The beat was snffocating Moat of the houses have a space pleared around tiiem, but the wfarie country around waa expedted 40 be swept by the fire lost night. "TSome tliief stole the rug" out of too Eev. J. W. Inglis' bugay, daring his temporary absence, while tbe Vehicle was standing in front the Peel street Presbyterian Church, yesterday. Mr U. Smith presided at toe Town Police Conrt yesterday, and dealt with one drunlmrd. Messre Caaelli and Jonea, J.P. presided at the City Court, aod dealt with three droukarda. Early yesterday morning a very comical cartoon waa exbibitedin one of the shop windows of Bnn- inyong, which attracted a good deal of attention throughout toe day. At first its purport couid ' not be nnderatood, bnt as the day advan-a glimmering as to its meaning manifested itself, and by evening it iraa thorougUy nndmatood. A good deal of merriment was indulged ia, in coose- quence of the exhibitor being quite oncunscioas of iM tendency, and being antagonistic to his own po litical convictions. It, perhspa, is.needless to state toat toe cartoon in question was ilinstrative of the political condition, as described in The Courier of toat morning. The key to the meaning of tbe sketch was contiuned in the foUowing qnotalion " And ifebold they hmiged Ham an on the gallows which was prepared for Mordecoi." At the meeting of tbe Hospital committee last night toe naminationi for the several offices were received. It will be seen foom advertisement in another oolnmn, that Mr F. M. Claxton is riected president withont opposition, and Mr W. Eyres treasurer. Tbe annual meeting, takes place to night. Mr O. E. Edwards continoes to exercise his wonted liberality. Yesterday ' eveniiv he for-, warded to us a riieque for £10, in aid of the Orptian Asylnm; and another fm; £5, in aid of the Laffies' Benevrient (Sothing Sodety. These amotuts imn be obtained by caliipe at this office. In additi Ux Edwards hw awarded £10 lOs to "toe Hospital, and £10 t> top Benevolent Aayliun. The above .jlnnationa are . altogether ontaide Mr Edwards' adhuiil conliibntibiis to toe fpnds toe several charitable inititntiona. The commanding officer's parade of toe let B.'Y.B, was held last night. Major Sleep in com mand ; there bring about six present. Themen- were put thresh company dito foratwatan hour, and then dismissed. It was announced on jiarade that all rifles at present in use were to be retnmed forthwith, and that a fresh supply would be issued as soon as possible. A large nnmber of tndeamen are to be pro ceeded agtout at the Town PMice Cooit this morning for hampering the footpaths with their goods. We have reorived a sample of wheat &om; Mr John Whelan's farm, Warrenheip. Mr Wiirian expects the crop to yield from R> to 45 bnshels to toe acre. 'He has a field of 25 acres the same as tbe sample, and, conudering tbe sort oi weather we have iud of late, Mr Whelan has some cause to congratulate himself on his good fottun& The annnal mseting of the Protestant Mntnal Benefit Society will be held at the Mechanics' Free Ijlmiy, Sebaatopol, tonacrow evemng, at right oidix . . Itwiilfae eeenhyoaradvertiring colamns that Hesars A. G. Cocbett and Son have pnrchased toe.good-wOl of Mr Jotnee Campbdl'a late bnrineaa. In Dana street. "We are asted to state tost the boginesa will be carried on noder the management of Mr W. H. Keast-as heretofore. A pablic meeting will be td at the Prince of Wales hotel, Happy "Yaliey, 'next Saturday even- ening, at eight o'mock, to receive the auditors' re port and balance-sheet for 1877 of toe SpringdaUah and Linton Belief Fund. A committee for the ensning year will be decked the same evemng. The annual meetii of the vernors and snb- scribers to the BaUarat Hospital will be held at the Mechanics' Institute this nveoing at eight o'dock. The usual fartmghtly meeting of toe Hibernian Society (No. 2 branch) will be hrid in the hall thig evening, at eight o'clodc, The managers' and brokers' team, in toeir critoet match to be played to-day against tbe non-players of tbe B.C.C., on toe Eastern Oval, will te seleuted from Messrs Slater, Serjeant, Bailey, Cbalk. Embling, Bryant, Swfft, Finlba Spillman, Wil- klns, Stewart, Morey (sen.), Davies, Goujon, Power, and Cahir. Play to commence at twelve sharp. Mr Byron Hoore (says tisi Herald) has not bten .long out of ofiSce, for our contemporary under stands that he recrived, by telegram, on Wednes day, a leading appointment imder the Lands De partment of &ath; Australia. The Age writes: — "It is quite evident, from the results of experiments now being made m all directions, that before long tbe telephone will be generally adopted for transmitting messages on private wires. One of the mori successfui -uf toe experiments yet atteihpted "on Messrs M-Lean Bros, and Bigg's private telrapb wire was made with Mr J. E. Edwards' triephone on Tuesday night. A number of ladies and gentlemen assem bled at the warehoose in Elizabeth street, and were entertained with a very distinct conversa tioa, which was carried on between tbEmoives and some persons at the store in B:,urkc street. Tones were played on the violin, coruopean, and flute in Bonrke street, all of which were heard distioctiy in Elizabeth street. Borne remarkably suctx-ssful experinients have also been .made io South Australia a-itli a tele phone constructed un toe same principle as Pro fessor Bell's iustrument by Mr TodA Couvtrsa- tion (says the & A. Begisier) was carried on « ith ease over a distance amounting to at liui;t fifty milee.- and "toe vitice -of a gentleman- -who sang several verses of a pojinlar song was distiiicily faeard. It was found, too, that the sound was conveyed to > nnmber of pecson4,at the same time, and not merely to oire to whose ear tlte wire was Bperially cosveyed. On Friday evcuiug a te\:- phone at Mr Todd's residem-e, at the Bem-vphme, was oonnecied with one of the instraments at tlie post office, and experiments similar to those made earlier in the day were repeaioivritii very aratifvin-' results. letriephoneproTedquiteaseffectiveiotoe transmission of vucai mnsic as in the t;a.se at ordinary iron versatjon. and a very mtert-.siing entertaiomait was afforded to -the ia>iit-s -un-i gentiemen who assembled at eacli lerniiims.- Tlte apparatns used in connection with the s)-8i-:u ni toe post office has been made ou the premisvs. T.-ic invention will eridently ' be. of great liru.>ti>;al vaiue. "We understand tlia't' experimenis "1n\ giv ing a still more severe tost of the iusimuvnt. an; bring made riaewiwre in the cApny, ami tbat .Mr Dobble bas aucoeeiied in conveying ci!e aou.id of pianoforte music with marked distinctness." A general order of considerable interest -to be voluntem- force was issnedfeays the i4r</»»-)7rom head-quarter on Tuesday. lu the first place it re- aiUs toe comparatirely smril number iff Mariinf- Uemrj- rifles now issu but this it is nnJerstood is only pendiiig a general issue of these valuable weapoDsto the w of toe-foree. The uiosfimT -poiteot rianse in the order, however, is that rhich states that — " All ahaoting for matches and iractiee srill cease froin toe lOih instant until urtoer ordera.v The inadequacy of the supply of roUing stodc to meet toe requirements of toe traffic of toe Hrilwoy Dqiarlmeut has been fully ahowo during tlie re cent holidays. The assistant traffic manager (Mr Anderson) has aubmitled the frilowing . rnemo. (eaysihe Age) to the Commiasionerof Eailwaya : \--"24to December,— I regret to have to Report that toe passeagm' rolling stock- has this year liroved more inadequate than usual to meet tbe demands upon it. Last Estnrday the Melbonroe rard waa unavoidably so denuded of caniaeiH't toe 2A5 - aiid '4.40 Kortb-Eastern, .d toe tlO pan. Gedongund Bribrat inam bid to avpU the airiva! of the 7.15 a.m. North Eastern and li,3Q M am. BaUarat trains ere toe necessary vehicles jfl could be procured for their despatch." 9 Mesara Bowman and Barr, M.L.A (says the Manfitoroagh Advertiser) are to be invit to ad- H dress vbriv conatitoents at an early date, upon the 9 political attnatiaa. B An 'extensive bush fire (says toe Cresuick twtiser) bu beffii nging for toe last twodays b 9 the nrigfabothood ot vvy Creek. A united effort on the part of toe residents in the locality wai 9 made oo Monday, and again on Tuesday evening 9 to extingniali it, bnt so far they have not H succeaaf A depniation (says the Age), consisting of 9 sub-committee of toe National Beform and Ftq. taction League, waited upon toe bon. the Chief 9 Secretaiy.pn .Tuesday, in reference to a proposal to hold a nuss meeting in Meibuurne. After some H consideration, it -was decided that Mr Bvrty- should |9 address the electors of Geviong on Monday, the |9 Ylst January ; also, that steps should be taken to |B held meetings in rariuiu parts of the colony sub- 9 sequently. |H Tbe effects of tbe long-continaed dry weather u 9 very perceptible in the ruuninz etreauis. The 9| river Loddon, which generally flows past ibv bti''... 9 at Newstaad io a broad cnrredt, is now (the Jjf. j (9 Jlfaif states) reduced to a tiny siresmlet, meander. 9 iitg about the bed. which is now dry tba; it can b- |B| creased on steppiug-stunes. Hj The Age, dealing with the numerous dismUial, from tbe public service which the Givercur-in- 9 Couucil has auLhorised, writes as follows : — -Thi H| reductions made will enable tbe tiovernmeat to effect a Very large saving in to< pablic expendi- lure, as tbe highly-paid officers in ail ca-es bars HH been removed. According to the civil serrios BH regulaiicDS, these officers will, in all cases whets |9 they are classified, be able to claim comp-insatioQ on their retirement. But the money soc'iaic-cd can 9 be paid direct out of the consolidated revenue BB withont the intervention of an appropri&iiuc; ' 9 Each officer claiming and taking compinsatioa. 9 money will entitely sever his cunncctiiM with 9 the depaiiment. On the ' other hand, if thev S desire to return to toe service, Ih-y wiij 9 have to forego their clrim to compensatioa. s 9 toe meantime the work of the serial deparimenti 9 will be carried on by delegatii'ig the cutha of the fiH discharged office. to tboso next , in command, or Ml -toose of toe next grade, "rois whol .-aie reduction H of toe service will give an admiratle oppirttuiilT m to the Government to make tho.-e systematic re Irenchments and savings it bas long been pateet to the whole community were necessary. Several of the Coonty Court judges for instance, were only retained, not becaure luey were wanieA but . f- fiom a mere desire to show cuusideraiioa to men i > who had disriiarged important public fuactions. f' The parties promoted to fill the vasaucies will onlv | ' have their pay increased according to toe terms of toe Civil Service Act." K Mr J. Stevenson, mining surveyor, of Creswick, rved a very gratifying letter (rays the Cres- B wiei: Advertiser) from his eon, Mr Ralph Btevec- B SOD, who is at present a medicd student at the E Glasgow Uiuverslty. He bad not only aucceeded in H passing his professioDal examinalijii, btit had H sectired the Eainy bursary — a prize open to all H studenti who bad finished torir seuoo-i winter's H work, and were about to commence the third. As B this is toe only bursary open to competition simx B he hiu been tberes we must congrattilate our |H young townsman upon his success. B The Fitzroy kidnapping case (says the Aye) still 9 remains a paWol mystery, but it is todught thst S a clue has possibly been obtaioed to the woman H who stole Mr Potts' infant son. On Tuesday 9 afternoon the landlord of the Imperial bo:el. Rath- 9 downe street, Carlton, was passing along toe Sand- S ridge road when he saw a woman, whose desciip- 9 :tian aiuweied thst of the person in question, carry. M ing an infant. She said she had walUiig all night, and asked him to cake tbe child, which bs g raised to do, and she then went towards Emerald g HaL. Snbseqnently, Catherine Eniigfat, a litik p Bid, (too was lookiag after oows at the Emerald p Hffl Swamp, taw the same woman crcavir-gove f- ? the awamp ; and later on, a boy named John Watt saw her going towards Medboome, still canying the infant. No attempt peors to have beea p made to foUow toe woman by any of tbe pettons who saw her, bnt toe matter bas been reported to the police, and they are making every exertion to @ prosecute the aearto by means of toe due wlu-'b P they have obtained. M The xeaidentB near toe liViridifie toad statioa « (saya tbe Hamilton Spectator) are abont to ex- 3 perience the benefit of having the roads properly s fenced in for tfarirnse. Mr Millear, of Greenr 9 being mnch annoyed at having bis fences destroyed S oi> the false pretence they were across toads, 1 has determinM upon f encul cfi every road with a 1 BeTen-wirefeocAatatwataf ahont£5000. i 