The marriage of the young King of Spain to his cousin the Princess Mercedes, on the 2Srd January last, is one of the memorable events of the present year. The ceremony, according to the account given by the Times correspondent, was conducted on that scale of grandeur which Spaniards, above oll the other European peoples, love so dearly.- To this boor, and In spite of the melancholy experience of full three centuries, the Spaniard believes his country to be the richest and finest, and himself to be the most fortunate of citizens, in the whole world. He may be allowed to cherish the pleasing illusion, Bince, at any rate, it does nobody the least harm. Bot the bare fact is significant of mnch, that excepting for the marriage of its sovereign, the name of Spain would not have emerged into con temporary politics at all, even when there was a very dose prospect of a general European war. Poor Spain was not conutBd in at all. ' Nobody deemed it worth while so mnch as to enquire whether she bad not some slight interest in the mighty move ments that were going , on around' her. But, in truth, .she had none. She stands isolated and 'alone, barred in between the splendid boundary of the blue waters $ the Mediterranean oh the one hand, and themagnificent " long, waring line " of the Pyrenees on the other. Were her geographical position in the heart of Africa,- or neighboring our own Australia in the Southern Ocean, BhO cpold hardly be of less account than she is hi the great game of European politics; And tins very circumstance it is ,that - renders , her an object ot interest; -to distant observers like ourselves. Why- isJSpaia ,so fallen?, .Why . Joes she hold r fw humble, ..so despised, a- place, amongst the nations ? Why is she so poor, so wietehBd, so woe begone, so exactly like her own immortal. QUIXOTE in the Utter wredi of hts prond and stately chiytdry ? "Once she wse< the . proudest,' the wealthiest,' the rnOBt7 powerful, Jhe most feared ; amongst -the; nations ofthe7 world. ' Sim owned half the globe; her fleets were €5o«viety sea ; her /kfiiefi'inifi' wia'vSr"iedipBedjhbBe'iBF ancient 'Babylon, or'The1- Rome7 of '%he CSABS; - But all is depwted, Taad has left espiwd, -hwy-fHunfl Je.ito bywDiaGWnong greatness. History scarcely presents in its broad pages a more striking example of decay than the Spun of 1878 presents, when contrasted with the Spain of 1578. And the period might he very much limited.'. Within nalf-a- centoiy, npon the death of Philip II., the country fell-fairly to rain, and might have become &n; easy prey to the very meanest of her enemies. Her fall was almost as sudden as that of Carthage be neath the terrible blows of ber Roman rival. Bat Spain's ruin was the work of her own hands. No foreign invader despoiled her of her wealth, levelled her finest cities to the gronnd, or carried away her children into captivity. She was hereelf the architect of her own misfortunes. She was a more potent enemy to hereelf than even the im placable Napoleon himself. . ..The French invaders under NET-Aid immeasurably less harm to her sonny p)aina: and picturesque towns than ebe herself wrought, with both herhaods, from geneiation to generation. Her existence at all, insignificant as she is amongst the great diplomaticPo were, is even more surprising than her total downfall and extinction as a nationality would have been any time daring the past century and a half. The secret of all this is revealed in n single word, and that word is misgovern- ment. So infamously bad has been the go vernment of Spain for generations back, that her internal history becomes on that account a curious study. She has allowed herself to be made the sport of whole dynasties of imbecile dotards, or fnrions bigots, or shamelessly profligate women and their infamous favorites.. It speaks whole volumes as to the real state of things at Madrid to mention that the one person in the whole world who was expressly excluded from the privilege of witnessing the yonng king's marriage was the young king's own mother ! In fact, as the Times informs oe, the Spanish Government, dread ing a great scandal, were prepared to go the whole length of adopting physical force to prevent Isabella's appearance at the ceremony. This woman — it is a sort of profanation of language to call her even an ex-Queen — was actually plotting with the Pretender Carlos to dethrone her own eon. She did all that a furious aDd utterly unscrupulous woman could do to prevent tbe marriage. She" raved, mad stormed, and threatened, all over France and Spain, against it. Happily, her oppo sition wae powerless; bot this, wicked daughter of a wicked mother is still the mother of the young king, and only a few years ago was herself supreme sovereign of Spain. . All Earope has rang with the scandals of her profligate court. The Spaniards are not, ae a people, over-scrupu lous on the point of personal morals, and they cherish an almost superstitious reve rence for hereditary royalty ; hat even the Spaniards could not endnre isabella They fairly chased her — with her scoundrel minions — clean ont of her own dominions ; and ever since ebe has been dotting and echemiog to ruin Spun -and her own eon, the legitimate heir to its throne! The cause of her opposition to the marriage with the Princess Mercedes it is very instructive to know. It is revealed in a single sentence taken from an article in the TV mes: — "Nothing could be more galling to the clerical and absolutist factions than the king's alliance with a family attached by preference and tradition to Constitutional Liberalism." Aye, there's the rub ! Clerical and abso lutist influence have rained Spain. These it was that, like a deadly blight, withered up her chivalry, her flourishing prosperity, her national greatness and glory. These it was that — to quote the words of a fine old Spanish bishop — " found the Spaniards a nation of men, and left them a nation of hene." These it was that, with the wicked object of maintaining their own supremacy, even at the cost of national rain, made of the court at Madrid a den of thieves and demireps. But for them Spain would to day be like France, a compact and powerful republic. One gallant effort her people made, headed by tbe noble orator cartel ae, to win their political emanci pation. Bat the chance was lost, and may not return again for a very long period. Still, the rale of young alfonso is as paradise to purgatory compared with the rule of Isabella. A great advance hae been made in the right direction even by Spain, and the recent royal marriage is a guarantee of further progress. The spirit of the age may penetrate even beyond the passes of the Pyrenees. Light and know ledge, and freedom may find a dwelling even in Castile, and Arragon, and Morcia. Clericalism and absolutism, baffled and beaten back, may have to disappear from Madrid, and find lodgment where they may. It is a very remarkable fact, but an indu bitable one, that every event that hae hap pened in Europe since the new year came in has been a proof of the march of popular ideas and popular freedom, and of the de- dine of both the evil forces which have bo long impeded it. Even the marriage of young King Alfonso to his cousin is, as we have seen, a corroborative- testimony to the same cheering fact. Unless the City Council shows in the meantime a heartier disposition to attend to the requirements of the citizens, a great boon will be conferred on this city by making a change in tbe personnel of that body at the next animal election. The manner in winch the City Council has discharged its func tions of late is a steading reflection npon the intelligence of "the dtizens of Bal- larat, as well as upon itself; and 'we are quite sure that not another body of rate-, payers exists in the colony of Victoria that would stand the same abominable and scurvy treatment. Tbe few public works carried out in the city are in inverse proportion to its importance, and they -are Seldom obtained without strong and persistent pressure. The feeling of the Corporation is evidently to get as much money an If cui, in the shape of rates, ont of tbe chamois, rid to giro as email a foturn as common decency will permit; and the genets! result is 'that the ifflore pressing improvements required in the cify are habitually nleC6ed, Jo the great danger, annoyance, ahd ecahdjiofihe whole community. At one timetfcere was some ex cuse for '1Mb suspension Of puiJic works.' When the City Coancfl. wri. oveiiaden with debt, it was perfectly rightand In evfery way excusable for it to abstainfrom spending the < finds -at'Its command hp nbch ae possible But that difficulty hss.iNKW'to a large ex tent disappeared. The City Council isreaUy in a good financial position' at tbe present time; and therefore no excise now rtmailhs; for its indifference toihe public wants, or for it? neglectful conduct. Let us mention "two"; or three matters in which this ihdifference isisoplainly conspicnons. itfletheEasteni part of the town is;Jigbted op to the email hours of themennng, the whole pf She city is planged into Cimnusrian" dark ness -about' nijdnigbt f iand-. it -sometimes happens that not a HIsibiie seen in any -of the lamps after.half-pasf eleven o'dock. The result is ithat -people, wtoee" Asoca- i tipne or amusements teep- them out of.: bed nfitir After that "hour; .Montefi. ingrc-tbrough the etreete, 1A0: the great. 'risk of their hwh rneads and heele, and, hwingo ti»dibnj!tyr#v«dingoolli«qn to the .great discorafitarewof -oiie oother.i several parte of the city. Most of it fur nishes unmistakable evidence of beiog en tirely worn out. It is dangerous to every person who,, at night, ventures.' to cross from the pavement to tbe road, and yet it remains as unattended to by the City Council as thongh "new lines of barbing bad only jnst been completed. The narrowest possible escapes bom this cause have only recently happened in front of the bnildings from the Savings Bank down to Gran ville Btreet; and the ratepayers may thank their stare that the City Coniidl has not had to pay hundreds of pounds, in the shape of damages, for neglecting to effect the numerous repairs that are indispensably neces sary in this part of the city. Take, still fnrtber, the foot-bridges which cross the channels at the various street corners. They are only about half the width they should be ; and it is solely by tbe exercise of great circumspection that, in tbe darkness of the night, pedestrians can avoid falling full length into the channels, wheD attempt ing to pass from the road crossings on to the footpaths. Then look at the footpaths where asphalt has hot been laid down. It is quite purgatorial to walk aloDg them, owing to the large and loose gravel which lieB on the surface. For Unseemliness, these footpaths can only be compared to the state of the pavements in several parts of the centre of tbe town, and which look as though the city was in a thorough state of insolvency, or on the very verge of repudiation. This list of charges against the City Council could be' extended almost indefinitely were it worth while to go at any great length into the subject. Bot sufficient has been said to Bhow that tbe City Council grossly neglects the wants of tbe ratepayers, and that the citizens get little or nothing back- for the high rates which are im posed. This is a state of things that, in view of the improved financial condition of the corporation, most be promptly remedied, or a change in the personnel of that body must certainly be made at the next annual election. A city council is not a mere orna mental appendage to a town. It iB a body chosen by the citizens to see that the town is pat into a thorough state of repair, and made attractive to hose persons who visit it for business or recreation, as well ae being made pleasant for those who have made it tbeir home. The City Council does not appear to realise these truths ; and the fact stands ont in .bold relief not only to i» own shame, but also to tbe disgrace of the whole city. The circumstances attending the late catastrophe at Bolwarra, in which tbe unfortunate man John Little lost his life, were pretty well cleared up yesterday, when William Hayes was charged with the wilful murder of Little. There was a full bench of magistrates, and besides the evidence taken at the magisterial enquiry, three or four witnesses were called to prove the condition the two men were in jnst previous to the fatal event. From the evidence adduced it was apparent that Hayes bad got himself into the awk ward position he occupied by hiB statement about bong stuck-up by a bushranger, which was without doubt a hallucination on his part. Detective Eason prosecuted for the Crown, but elicited nothing to show that murder had been committed ; while Mr Gaunt watched the case on behalf of the prisoner. Dr Bunce, in giving bis evidence, expressed an opinion that the fracture of the skull might have been caused by a fall from the dray on which de ceased was riding, and Detective Eason thereupon left it to the bench to say whether death was the resultof accident, before proceeding further. After a short deliberation, tbe bench decided that there was nothing in the evidence to warrant the com mittal of tbe prisoner for trial, and he was dis charged. A report of tbe proceedings, which lasted until after seven o'clock, appears elsewhere. We may add that the unfortunate family, who have been thus suddenly deprived of their bread winner, are in very poor circumstances. An adjourned meeting of subscribers to the new Temperance Hall fond wae held last night, and a -report of what took place will be found in another column. The meeting, which consisted of seventeen persons, IaBted for over three hours, and the virtual end of it was that Mr Gray was exonerated from all culpability or negligence, so far as his action as a trustee of tbe hall food was concerned ; resolutions to that effect having been carried. Some little doubt was expressed as to Mr Curtis' position financially with the subscribers. He apparently retains certain moneys paid as interest to bim by bis co-trnstee, Mr Gray, under an in vestment mutually agreed to ; bat his expectation appears to have been that when the money was voted by the subscribers at tbe meeting held in the Christ Church schoolroom, his account of some £69 odd was to have been liquidated pro rata with other creditors, and that what he had in band would go towards the reduction. The meeting in the end decided aa will be seen by our report, rather to look to the future than wrangle over the past, which is possibly associated with sins of omission- on both sides. It is not improbable, judging by the appearance of matters now, that the present site and building may be sold to the .City Council for a remunerative sum. A shocking case of ill-treatment of a wife was revealed at the Town Police Court yesterday, when Eliza Waters proceeded against John Waters (her husband) for neglecting to maintain her. Plaintiff, wbo is very nearly blind, and far ad vanced in years, deposed that about thirteen months ago her husband knocked ont a number of her teeth, and broke her jaw with a blow. Since then he has occasionally knocked her down, given her repeatedly a bit of dry bread or something of the kind to eat, although there was always good food in the bouse, neglected her altogether, and rendered her life very unhappy. She tried to get away from his house, but he caught ber and brought ber back. The evidence adduced went to show that defendant had treated his wife very badly, and the bench ordered him to pay 15s per week towards ber support, with £4 4s costs. De fendant bad previously offered to pay 5s per week for ber support, although he had 42 acres of land, worth at least £60 an acre. Mr Gaunt appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Salter for the defendant. With a view of improving the sanitary "condition of tbe London Chartered Bank, Lydiaid street, a cutting is being made along the northern side of the bank, reaching down to about 10 feet beneath tbe pavement. It is being found that water is oozing through towards the foundations from the street channels, and a quantity of clayey sludge had to be removed. A pipe is being kid along the bottom of the cutting to drain off tbe water, and the opening will be filled up with loose stones. As a proof of the unsatisfactory nature of tbe sur roundings of the bank foundation, we may state that on a boreheing made through the floor of tbe bank, water rose up to the level of the floor. It is evident, therefore, that the filth that runs into the street drains has had a great deal to do with the unhealthy condition of the premises. The works now going on around the bank are being carried out by Mr Seeley, under the direction of Messrs 'James and Creber, the bank's architects. \- Fine genial rain commenced to fall in Bsikrat last evening, and there was every prospect of a continuance of tbe downpour when we went to press this morning. We regret to hear that Mr James Ling, an old and esteemed resident of Dereel, lost his eldest daughter, aged twelve and a half years, on the 12th instant, of a virulent fever, -after a brief illness. Every sympathy is felt for the sorrowing parents by their friends in the district. At Linton, nearly 130 signatures have been ob tained to the' requisition asking Mr J. Bird, M.L.A., to reign bis seat for Grenviile. It is re ported that Mr Bird intends to address the electors at Linton daring the ensning week, when he is likely, after bring quietly listened to, to be made aware, in a most unmistakable manner, of the state of pnblic feeling in that locality towards Mm. Our Devil's Creek correspondent writes:— "A calamitous bush-fire was burning on Wednesday on the western ride of Messrs Anderson Brothers' tramway, coming up from tbe direction of Birch's Creek. The drift fire from the trees and scrub was driven across two or three clear paddocks, and settled oil some straw stacks briongiog to Mr M'Hendry. at the hotel, Happy Valley, Dean. The male inmates, and most of the other residents in1 the neighborhood, being away fire-beating else where, the flames soon embraced all tbe stabling, sheds, and fences near, in one of which was stored all the splendid crop, of oats add wheat of John Lee, a .blind man, who rents a farm from Mr Trebilcock, near by. By asadmisfbrtune, 'Blind 'John' set his boose on fire a few -months -ago, Jwfiich consumed all household matters — clothing, Leddiog, and a considerable jstock of provisions, including two bacon pigs banging op indoors. Mr M'Hendry has lost all his agricultural implements, spring-cart, fcc-ioad -Jrith very great difficulty wived the hotel, the flames from the other buildings ajidira sgroadoejes pimostrqgFhqK ifc ile the pigs in the aty at the rear were almost roasted ere they conld be go t out. ThefirefromM'Hendiy's then flevr over the adjoining paddocks, and set light to Anderson Brotfoera" grass paddock, from which it spread to all fences, and dead timber around, burning down Blind -John 'a stable, and everything inflammable, until a change of wind towards evening checked its tether progress. Another fire, towards the head of the Moorabool, was lit tbe day before by a bey residing there, which ran in an opposite direction towards the tramway, burning down a considerable quantity of fencing.' The Juvenile Industrial Exhibition was again very largely attended last night, notwithstanding the threatening appearance of the weather. The total number of visitors was 1263, and the receipts amounted to £27. Amongst Che attractions was the playing of the Dsylesfard brass band, which also paraded foe streets during! the afternoon, and doubtless aided in rendering the evening's atten dance nnmeroua. Some -of the airs played were remarkably well .done. To- night's programme includes selections by several well-known local vocalists. One of the oldest residents of Soaradale,- Mr Alexander Clarke, died eariy on Tuesday morning, 12th instant, having attained the ripe age of seventy-three years. His remains were fnicaied in the Scarsdale Cemetery on Wednesday, the funeral cortege consisting of a large number of relations f including twelve grandsons) and friends, who pud this last tribute of respect to his memory. Mr Clarke until recently, when he was prevented by ill-health, took a prominent part in local public affairs, being a member of the board of advice, chairman of the trustees of the cemetery, and an active worker in the Good Templar and Sons of Temperance eocietiea. Mr Clarke had been look ing forward to the celebration of hiB golden wed- diog, which would have taken place in a few months, when he intended to have had a gather ing of bis nnmeroua relatives, but, unfortunately, he baa not been Bpared to celebrate that event. The new State school, No. 1454 (commonly called the Musk Creek school, having been first opened in St. Peter's Church, Mask Creek), will be opened on the 22nd instant, and be celebrated by a tea and concert. Major Smith, the members for Ballarat East, with the board of advice, will call en route and formally open the new State school at Ormond, which is shout halfway be tween Everett's and Devil's Creek. On Tuesday evening last the Bev. S. W. Baker delivered his excellent lecture on " Tonga," in tbe Scotchman's Lead Wedeyan Church ; the -Bev. G. Minns in tbe chair. There was a good attendance, and the lecturer sustained the interest of the meeting for more than an hour. One of the young native chiefs also gave a abort address, which Mr Baker interpreted, and which seemed to delight tbe younger part of the audience especially. At the dose of the meeting a very hearty vote of thanks was accorded -to the reverend gentleman for his very interesting and instructive .lecture, also to the Bev. G. Minns for presiding. Next Monday is proclaimed a half-holiday In the town of Ballarat East, in consequence of the St. Patrick's Day fete bring held that day. The fete committee .meet this evening, st eight o'clock. The handicaps for the sports will be found published in our advertising columns this morning. The handsome silver wine-cooler, which, it will be remembered, the Grenvflleshire Council pur chased for presentation to Mr Lowers, who has for so many years acted as treasurer for the Bbire. has been presented to that gentleman by Councillor Jones. Mr Lewere suitably acknowledged the gift, and wished Counrilior Jones to express to the council his sincere and hearty thanks for their handsome present. The Bev. B. Brown will deliver his popular lecture on " Heads and Faces" on Monday, 18th March, in the Slaty Creek Church. The lecture win be delivered in aid of the Sunday'school, and commence at half-past seven. A tea and public meeting in celebration of the eighteenth anniversary of the little Bendigo Wes- ieyan Sunday school, was held last Tuesday. An excellent tea was provided by Mrs Pascoe, Mrs Curnow. Mrs Hocking, and the teachers, to which about 130 people eat down. The following ladies presided at the tables: — Mesdames Pascoe. Cur now, and Hocking, and the Misses Hocking, Cur now, and Bartiett. After tea a public meeting was held in the church, which was crowded to ex cess. The Bev. J. Lowe took tbe cbair. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. Lindsay and Cory, and Mr R. Hoskiog. The treasurer's report, which was read, was of a satisfactory nature. The proceeds of tbe anniversary wob £16 5s Cd. The secretary's report showed, amongst other things, that the number of scholars, attending the Sunday school, was ninety- three, although there had been several removals of scholars and teachers during the year. Tbe proceedings passed off very pleasantly with tbe assistance of the church choir, which rendered selections of sacred music during the evening. Mr L. L. Fryer presided at the harmonium with his usual' efficiency, and Mr Cumow officiated as con ductor. The funeral of the late wife of Councillor Dickinson (of the Sebastopol Council) took place yesterday. The fnneral procession left the de ceased's late residence in Sebastopol shortly after mid-day for the old cemetery, where the burial took place; the Bev. E. I. Watkin reading the funeral service. The funeral was slarge one, and was conducted by Mr F. Atkins. Saturday next will be tbe last day for issuing summonses for the County Court, Blackwood. The bay market will be closed on Monday next, in connection with the keeping of a general holi day for the St. Patrick's Day fete. The procession for the butchers picnic will leave tbe North Grant hotel at nioe o'clock on Wednesday next, and not at ten o'clock as stated yesterday. The Bnngaree hurlers met yesterday afternoon for practice, and if a thorough earnestness is a criterion, they onght certainly to be the victors at the forthcoming tbatch. A sculling match for £5 a side has been ar ranged, between Messrs H. Oxl&de; and J. Stratton, to come off on Wednesday, 10th April, at five p.m., on Lake WeDdouree. The course will be from the western to the eastern side of the lake. The honorary secretary of the B.C.C. has re ceived a letter from the agent of the Australian team, in which he states that the whole of the team will play next week, when a grand display of cricket is expected at the Eastern Oval. Messrs Tonbridge, aad Co. sold by auction yes terday a freehold dwelling-honae and land, in Peel street, to Mr G, Martin, for the sum of £160. The booths for the cricket match to take place on tbe Eastern Oval on tbe 22nd, 23rd, and 25th instant, between tbe Australian team and the B.C.C. will be sold by auction by Mr F. M. Claxton next Monday, at Craig's hotel, at noon. We have received a pamphlet entitled " A bunch of shamrocks," and containing a series of short tales apropos of St. Patrick's Day. Tbe compiler and publisher is Mr J. Winter, of 25 Lonsdale street east, Melbourne. Several failures are announced. The Argus an nounces that Messrs S. House and Co. have called a meeting of tbeir creditors for next Friday. The liabilities are said to be about £5000. The same paper aoooances the failure of Mr D. Bannord, of Kyneton, with very heavy liabilities. Last night's Herald reports that J. A. Smith and J. Baird, trading as Smith, Ferguson, and Co., Flinders lane, wholesale grocers, hare filed their schedule. The estimated debts are £24,300 ; estimated assets. £18,726, leaving a deficiency of £5574. The Grand United Order of Oddfellows in Vic toria are holding (says the Argns) their biennial meeting at Kyneton this week. The representa tives to the number of fifty, from the several branches in the colony, met on Tuesday afternoon, at the Temperance Hall, Kyneton. The grand master, Br James Lester, was in the choir. Tbe report of tbe sub-committee of management and its balance-sheets for 1876-7 were read, but in con sequence of tbe recent decease of the grand secre tary, Br H. F. Wilson, 'the statistics were not completed. Tbe report lamented the very slight increase comparatively in the number of members and in the 'financial progress of the 'order.' Tbe report' and balance-sheets were adopted.- "The ' question of continuing to wear regalia, or discard- . ing it, was dieenseed at length, a notice uf motion having been given 'for Its consideration. It was said that regalia was worn in some lodges and not in others. A section of the meeting was favorable to abolishing regalia altogether, and an amendment on tbe original motion, which was to the effect that lodges and districts he instructed to wear regalia, was moved that only aprons be compulsory, tbe ; rest optional. The amendment was lost, and tbe motion was carried. A letter (s&ys; tbe Herald) has been received hi Melbourne from a passenger on board the steamer Northumberland, stating that Mr J. H. Clayton, 1 the well-known solicitor of Melbourne, wbo was a passenger by the same ship, died during the voyage. An inquest (says the Telegraph) was held on Wednesday, before Mr Candler, the district coroner, at the Red Lion Hotel, Lower Hawthorn, on the body of George Mould, a brickmaker, aged fifty, who was found by his son hanging by a strap, in an outhouse on his own premises, Scuffam's Lane, Hawthorn. Arthur Henry Mould, son of de- ceased, deposed to finding the body of his father hanging in the manner described, the strap used being one he had been in the habit of wear- ing as a waist-belt. Mrs. Mould, widow of de- ceased, stated that her husband had been an inmate of the Kew Lunatic Asylym from the 2nd February last to the 3rd instant, when he was allowed leave-of absence on trial for three months under her charge. She bad personally watched him during the daytime, and his brother and a friend did so on alternate nights. On Tuesday afternoon last he managed to evade her for a few minutes, and shortly afterwards her son informed her of what had occurred. She at once cut down deceased and sent for Dr. Airey who shortly after- wards arrived, but life was then extinct. Dr. Airey deposed that strangulation was the cause death, and in his opinion it had been self-caused. The jury returned a verdict that deceased hanged himself on the 12th instant, whilst in a state of unsound mind, and that no blame attached to anyone. In consequence of representations to tfe .» I I dspensing wich his services, and he is abomSfl I retire on a pension of about £290jperanntun, wbfcE 1 he ean claim under the civil service r«Sa« I A medical certificate baa been ren'' I that Mr Moore is suffering from spinal disaSyui? I is understood that Mr Moore tisorTfcL ' I amounting to a considereble sum, in addition 2 % I ES" clsi £ I and 12th instant, would appear to be rery I vously inclined, as when the trams were apprujx" I mg the Geetong Btafaon pieces of quartz jrpT I thrown from the carriages, and on both oceaS; I windows ot booses bear tbe line, ate I O'Connell street, were smashed. I The replica of Mr J. B. Herbert's snperb nicf— I Moses, intended for the National Gallriy iSS I been found (says the' Age) to hare snstainrflom! I damage in transit from England. It waa rolled iS I blotting paper, which has adhered in some I These adhesions have to be carefully removm" I and although the picture itself is not ininred m,' I sidemble skill is required to bring out riltoiww" . I nsl freshness. At present the painting i, notb." I frame, aod eome portions of it require re-vatnishine I He work is being proceeded with as expeditioiulr I as possible, but it wffi be a week or ten days beta I it can possibly be placed on view in the Natiecsl 8 Gallery. We Newcastle Herald j nnderstand that £150 00ft 8 has been subscribed by influential merchants in 8 Sydney for the purpose of starting a new moraine 8 newspaper. The delay in commencing operation! I arises from the fact that a general bnsin«i I manager and editor cannot be procured tu 8 colonies. Carte blanche has been offered to anv 8 competent man in England. I The report of Professor Pearson (savs the I Herald ) upon the educational system of Victoria 8 is now complete, and in print It is understood 8 that it will be laid on the table of the Assembly on 8 Tuesday evening. I A good deal of discussion (says the Ai.e) is 8 taking place at the, present time in shipping circUs 8 in reference to future contracts for tbe conveyance 8 of mails to and from England, and the changes 8 that may possibly take place in the presentmode 8 of delivery. The opinion is expressed in some 8 quarters that, aa railway communication has been 8 established between Melbourne and Portland, it 8 might be advisable to have tbe mails landed br 8 tbe P. and O. Co.'a steamers at the latter 8 The matter has already attracted the attention d 8 tbe P. and O. Company, and Mr Kendal, tbeir Hel- 8 bourne agent, recently risited Portland, in compur 8 with Captain Hector, of the s. Siam, for the pnraose 8 of making investigations as to the practicability of 8 the proposed change. The opinion formed by these 8 gentlemen is that the erection of a lighthouse at 8 Cape Nelson would be necessary in order to secure 8 eafe access to the port. On the arrival of the 8 vessel at Portland the mails wonld generally hare I to be landed by a steamer. A special train would I also have to be in readiness to convey them to Mel- H bourne. With these facilities a saving of about 81 eight hours could be effected in tbe delivery of tee E mails. The question, however, arises as to whether I? the landing at Portland wonld not prove ob- ff jectionable so tar as passengers are concerned. It p is not improbable that shonld the proposal to land H tbe mails at that place be seriously entertained M an increase in the subsidy may be required. | A little girl (says tbe Telegraph ) named Chris- 1 tiana Maria Huff, was poisoned at Jung Jong on Friday last, through sucking the phosphorus ofi I the heads of a box of matches. She lingered for 8 three days, and at the inquest her death was at- I tribnted to tbe failure of the parents to obtain 8 proper medical aid. The following telegram from Hamilton appeared I in yesterday's Age :— "An influential body of Liberals met here on Wednesday night, and en- B rolled themselves as a Liberal Association. Mr I Samuel was elected president, Dr Scott vice-prea- 8 dent, and Mr Patterson secretary. The meeting 8 was an exceedingly enthusiastic one. MrLangton | lectures here on Thursday night on the political I situation. It is supposed that he is feeling his I way for the Dundas electorate." I The vine disease (writes the Ceelong Advertiser) I is stud to have been discovered in a small vineyjrf I on the Barrabool Hills. As yet tbe phylloxera I has not been distinctly seen, but the inspectors I will no doubt make a minute examination ol the I vines in a few day s. I A general volunteer order (says the Age) wss I issued from head-quarters on Wednesday, notify- I ing that, in consequence of the lateness of the I season, there will be no encampment at Easter I this year. It is also announced, by general order 1 from head quarters, that the rifle ranges have been I re-opened ; that, owing to the change of arms, I musketry instruction will not form part of the I classification for effective allowance 1878-9: and I tliat volunteers firing for the marksman's badge I must do eo under the conditions laid down in the 1 musketry regulations 1S74. I It has been discovered -in Warrnambool that I some potato- growers have been guilty of putting I large atones amongst their potatoes to add to the I weight. The Standwrdhns been shown a basketful I of these stones, the largest of which was 2 lb 10 or I in weight, 6J inches long, and 12 inches in girth, I and which were detected in a load of potatoes. The I strictest watch is kept for tbe dishonest vendors, and in some instances they have been detected. I A deputation (says the Age) representing the I Selectors' Progress Association of St. Arnand, I waited on Wednesday upon tbe Minister of Lands I to ask that a tract of land, comprising about 2000 I acres, lying between Barker's Flat and St. Ar- I nsud, should be removed from what has been I termed the " pink reserves," and thrown open to I selection. The pink reserves are areas of land I reserved by the Mining Deportment consequent I on the belief that they posaeas auriferous deposits. I It is stated that throughout tbe colony about I 200,000 acres are thus shut up from tbe selectore, I although there have been no indications up to the I present time that the land is valuable for mining I purposes. Mr Longmore, in reply to the depots- I turn, stated that he wonld ask for a report on the I subject, and do all he could to forward tbe inter- eats of the selectors. A frightful accident (says the Geelong Adrer- User) occurred on Colonel Champ's estate, near K Meredith, on Monday last, resulting in the death of a groom in that gentleman's employ. It ap- pears that the man, who had been known about K the estate by the sobriquet of " Mac." and whose B name is supposed to have been M'Kenzie, was sent B out to look after sheep, bnt, bis horse returning B without bim, a man was sent ont to look for bim. He was found lying in a pool of blood close to a brush fence, and quite dead. It was evident, from the appearance of the place where the deceased B was found, that he had attempted to jump bis fl horse over the fence, when the animal fell and rolled on him, and very likely kicked him. Dr Mackin, who gave the medical evidence at the magisterial enquiry, held by Mr F. O'Keefe, J-r, stated tliat the deceased man's neck was broken I and his jaw fractured, showing that death mast have been instantaneous. The deceased as I vouoa: man, and unmarried. I 