DISTRICT COUNCILS. J ALDINGA, May 1& Present—All .Letter from P. Williams, requesting that fine inflicted in Police v. Williams for breach of , Bushfires Act might be remitted by Council; half fine be remitted. Tenders accepted—Culley's cut vert, T. Chenoweth, at £13; dry walling, P. . D. McEae, £217s. &L; per load. Clerk to summon all rate-defaulters. Works ordered—Repairing jetty, metalling Bowering's Will. Crs. Bowering aid Chenoweth retire by rotation and Semmens by ballot. ANGASTON, May 18. Present—Crs. Irvine (Chairman), Trescowthick, Spom, and Li eke. Clerk reported that Mr. G. Fischer had paid the sum of £20, amount agreed on for pm chase of road to he closed. Chairman reported that Messrs. Spom, Trescowthick, and himself had examined road referred to by deputation last Council meeting, and considered repair of present road between Sinter's and Kurtz's section would cost too much to make it passable, and as to making road through Bau's they *uintr traffic would not warrant expendi ture unless those interested subscribed one moiety of ■ cost. Plans of roads and water reserves laid before Council, and passed agreements forwarded by Sur veyor to be signed and returned. Better from Flax man's Valley District Council, asking permission to remove stones from near Thorn's to repair road near boundary in their district; granted. Cr. retiring by ballot, Cr. Venning; by rotation, Crs. Idhke and Trescowthick. Tenders accepted—No. 437, J. Sibly, £12: No. 439, Meyer, at £3 5s. per chain; No. 440, R. Hyne, at £2 8s. per chain. Mr. Pohlner applied for road to be repaired near Tanunda Creek; to be ex amined. Meeting of ratepayers to be called to take into consideration advisability of road between Sees. 342, 340, 363, and 307, from Grunberg Bridge to comer of Player's Sec. 342, being taken from the N. A. Ward and added to the Grunberg Ward. Payments, £4013s. 9 BALAKLAVA, May 18. Present—All except Cr. Alderman. Letters received from Messrs. Blake, J. J. Hodgson, and Strathalbyn District Council re cemetery charges; same to be arranged. Letter from Mr. Hamilton re maps. Offer from Mr. Farley to metal lj chains of new road near his place, being very bad hole, for £4 10s.; accepted. Mr. Winter asked for s crab-road near Mrs. A. Saint's to be cleared 30 feet wide; Clerk to have it done by Mr. Bowden at same rate as his present contract; also piece of road between Sections 474 and 475. Receipts, £43 12s. lid. BAROSSA EAST, May 13. i Present—AIL Chairman and Crs. of Barossa West attended, and asked Council to rescind resolutions passed re Lyndoch and Williamstown-road. Deputa tion of five ratepayers, with Mr. L. Bevilaqua and Dr. Bichter, supported application of Barossa West Council considered that 23 chains of running water ; was sufficient for all purposes of watering-place for stock, and resolved to adhere to former resolutions. Mr. Haese reported that he had had watertable at ; Rowland's Flat repaired for 30s. Tenders accepted— Bitter & Jose's, for side-cutting on Hoffnungathal- road, at 17s. 6d. per chain and making spoondrain £2 6s. 6d.; for work near W. Heusler's, at 6s. 6cL per chain for watertable, and 8s. for creek. Bitter & Jose's offer to do two chains of side-cutting on Riverside-road for 20s. accepted. To retire—Crs. Barge and Noske by rotation and Cr. Potter by ballot. BAROSSA WEST, May 20. Present—All except Cr. McCallnm. Chairman re parted that deputation waited upon District Council of Barossa East with view of asking them to alter their decision re boundary-road question, but ihey had decided to adhere to their former resolution. Resolved, that matter remain in abeyance until after coming election. Tenders accepted—Forming and metalling about three chains of road near Aylmore's, Bitter & Jose, £5 5s. 6d. per chain; making new assessment of district, Mr Bnssell, £20. Memorial from 24 ratepayers near Lyndoch, asking for repairs to road at Jolly Town; to be inspected. Many com plaints having been made ;that Banger for district neglected his duties, it was resolved that he be dis missed from date, and that J. Bitter be appointed in his place. Payments, £5813s. 8d. BELALIE, May 13. Present—Crs. J. Thyer, jun, (Chairman), Uinck, Keale, and Williams. All snburban lands to be rated equally in three divisions, namely: — First division—All snburban sections fronting park lands be rated at £15 per acre ; second division—Two sec tions deep at £10 per acre; third division—Remainder Of suburban lands at £5 per acre. Revised assess ment, subject to the foregoing alterations, to be con firmed and notices published. Letter read from Hon. Sec. of Athletic Spurts for permission to hold sports on Southern Park Lands; granted, provided trench be filled in again. Payments, £45 2s. 4d. BLACK SPRINGS, May 18. Present—All but Cr. Eckerman. Tenders for repaiis between A] oinga-road and R. Glasson's too high. Crs. King and Wiecks to retire by rotation and Cr. Eckerman by lot. Cr. Carter appointed Returning officer. Payments, £1 is. 61 BOOYOOLIE, May 13. Present—Crs. J. Cook (Chairman), S. N. Walter, and H. French. Tenders accepted:— No. 34, J. ileech, £16 ; No. 39, Chas. Hicks, £40; No. 40, Chas. Hicks, £35. Letter from Commissioner of Crown Lands, stating that sum expended on footpaths would be supplemented. Letter from Mr. R R. Page, offering to lay out Booyoolie and Laura Cemeteries ; consideration deferred till next meeting. From Com missioner of Crown Lands, stating that question of leasing Recreation Ground, Booyoolie, was legal one, and that Council must therefore consult their own solicitor; deferred for future consideration. Tender for lease of Becreation Ground from Messrs. Oke and Andrews not entertained. Clerk's offer to make re vised assessment of district for £15 accepted. Clerk's report received. Receipts, £17 0s. 7d. ; payments, £3519s. 6d» BRIGHTON, May 18. Present—Chsuusu \uua. u. Hamilton, and Crozier. Tenders accepted John Parsiow, for supplying 21 inch metal, at 7s. SAd. per yard ; J. Tank, for metalling road, O'Halloran Hill, at £116s. per chain. Overseer reported contracts in hand progressing satisfactorily. Embankment on road near Thomson's, O'Halloran Hill, to be widened previous to being metalled. Clerk to write to Ade laide Corporation in reference to moiety of licence fees for vehicles plying from Sturt to Adelaide. Clerk laid before Council assessment for year ending June 30, 1S79, which was allowed, necessary notices to be given where copies can be inspected. Retiring Coun cillors, Smith, Hamilton, and Lewis. Payments, £S7 19s. 2d. CLARENDON, May 20. Present—Crs. Thorpe (Chairman), Mauran, Sauer- bier, Bradley, and Jacobs. Letter from Messrs. Usher and others complaining of damage done to the land by overflow of water on same. Clerk instructed to have ba.- ?way put up on Ackland's Hill-road and to write to Mr. Harris, of Upper Sturt, to request him and others to put up same until new road be opened. Overseer to get two chains more road metal at bottom end of Ackland's Hill; 10 yards of 3-inch hard metal to be placed on road at Cherry Gardens, by Scroop's Corner; also 10 yards of stone, Turner's Gully. Clerk instructed to write to Thos. Alder re opening of fence at reserve on Section 839. Overseer to inspect road for Mr. Partridge and report next meeting. Tender accepted — Metalling road near Scroop's Corner, Cherry Gardens, R. Threadgold, at £3 9s. 6d per chain. Crs. Maurau and Bradley retire l.y rotation and Jacobs by ballot. Revised assessment confirmed. Payments, £72 6s. 3d. CRAFERS, May 16. Present—Crs. Lewis (Chairman), Scott, Watts, Elborough. Mr. Cossick offered to purchase whole of timber on Ridge-road from Reserve to Mr. G. Young's gate for sum of £5; accepted. Cr. Elborough re- ported that some person was cutting down trees on road through Section 1161: to be at once stopped. Mr. W. Gore allowed to fence across road through Section 42. Mr. J. Hodgson allowed permission to fence across road between his property and Wood house Estate. Crs. Watts, Scott, and Hardy to retire from office by effluxion of time. Payments, £47 Is. 3d. GRACE, May 20. Present—Chairman, Crs. Lithgow and Vawser. Received deeds of Council allotment from Mr. W. Cavenagh ; Cierk to forward them to Bank. Tenders accepted—No. 7, J. Spurting, at £110s. per chain]: No. 11, J. J. Marshman, £20, lump sum ; No. 12. J. Hassock, £16, lump sum. Auditor to be nominated in room of Mr. W. Tupper. Clerk to revise assess ment. Payments, £2 10s. 6d. KOXDOPAEIXGA, May IS. Present—Crs. G. Dunn (Chairman), Stone, and Threadgold. Sir. W. Hall complained that stray cattle were continually on main' road at night in .Meadows township : Clerk to write to Board of Slain Roads. Mr. C. Threadgold attended and asked Conncil not to allow a culvert to be put across road at Kyngarilla to injury of Clarendon ratepayers. Tenders accepted:—Grubbing and clearing "near Oakleys, E. Hobbs, at 3s. 6d. per chain; cutting and filling on road near Coad's Creek, J. Guerin, at 7s. per chain. Payments, £63 lis. 3d. MUNNO PARA WEST, Ape.il 9. Present—All but Chairman. Cr. Roberts to act pro ttTn. Rate-defaulters to be summoned. Cr. Coker ro see Mosscre re stopping overflow of water at junc tion. May 13. Present—Crs. Roberts, Hatcher, Krudopp. and Ccker. Cr. Roberts elected Chairman. Letter of condolence to be sent to Mrs. Underdown. Robin's work completed. Retiring Councillors—Roberts by rotation and Hatcher by ballot. Receipts, £85 7s. (id. ; payments, £105 10s. Id. NARRIDY, May 17. Present—Crs. Porter (Chairman), Price, Reynolds, and Higgins. Application received for six months' licences to be granted; not entertained. Works ordered—Clearing road near Sections 14 and 17. By laws passed and signed. Clerk to issue summonses at once for recovery of all rates unpaid. Cr. Brice. of South-Esst Ward, to retire by ballot; and Cr. Dixon, of Centre Ward, by rotation. Receipts, £1S ISs. 7d ; payments, £312s. Id. ONKAPARINGA, May 38. Present—All but Cr. Dunn. Clerk to communicate with Mr. Addison re survey. Letter received from Mr. J. W. Disher calling attention to dangerous state of footpaths at Charleston. Overseer of Works to inspect and arrange for necessaiy affairs. Receipts, £19 2s. ; payments, £19 4s. SADDLEWOETH, May ia Present—Crs. Richardson (in the chair), Caskey, Charles, and Hogben. J. Drayton's tender for Con tract 300 at £6 accepted. Letter from Mr. G. W. Byerlee, stating that Cliinkford was not a township, and that no plan had been deposited: not to be in cluded in the sanitary district. Footpath near Rail way Hotel to be continued to Mr. Barton's cottage ; £2 16s. paid to C. Hannon for repairs to metal and ruts. Crs. Goode and Charles to retire by rotatio and Cr. Hogben by ballot STRATHALBYN, May 20. Present—Chairman, and Crs. Jacob, Psllant, and Woolfitt. Letter rjsd from Commissioner of Crown Lands. Mr. Jacob and Clerk reported on works finished and in progress. Walsh to repair culvert at New W.mhnrg, ud 12 panels fencing ordered for bridge at same place. Crs. Rogers and Jacob retireby rotation and Cr. Reliant by ballot. Reoeiptp, £20p payments, £1012s. id. ■ ' ' ..j J -WATERLOO, Mat 18. " "!i Present—Chairman, and Crs. OVrady, and Ecker masn. Work completed. Waterloo. Bepairing foot; bridge, south of Waterloo, W. Jones, £L Totmlls reek, Contract 30, and extras, M. Cloan, £5. Cor respondence.—From Mr. Emerson, respecting Fl W. Range's defalcation as Poundkeeper. Clerk-reported that F. W, Range had since paid in amount detained and handed over Pound book. Mr. H. C. Rehmann applied for appointment as Poundkeeper at Water. loo;; approved. Crs. Iaaaon, O'Grady, and MacNamara to retire by rotation. Tenders acc pte —No. 31, TothQl'g Creek, M. Cloan, £6; No. 32, Right, M. Cluan, forming, 7s. per i-Jmln Works . ordered—Metalling and ford between lanson's and Webb's. Receipts, 10s. 1 YATARA 80UTH, Mat 20. Present—Crs. Williams (Chairman),' Kerr, and Giles. Routine business. Receipts, £8; payments, £1R 