STOCK AND STATION MEMS. A telegram states that the Western country along the railway route presents a deplorable appearance ; the grass is parched up, the creeks all dry, bush fires are raging in all directions, and the cattle starving. A Penrith telegram states that the country all along the line to Orange presents a parched appearance. Large creeks and water courses are dried up. Byndon Gully and Seventeen-mile Hollow are ravaged by bushfires, Numbers of cattle are dying on all sides. Should the drought continue the farmers will be ruined. A correspondent informs the Forbes Times that the continued hot weather on the Humbug coun try is causing immense losses to stockowners. The heat is something terrible. Water is disappearing very rapidly ; some persons are dried out completely and others are using all available means to condense the little water they have in order to save loss from evaporation. Mr. Edward Taylor, of Rose Hill, informs us {Bwrrangong Argus) that there have lately died very suddenly in his paddocks five fine cows and two bullocks. No certain cause can be assigned for the deaths ; but in each case the animals had been feeding about the thistles, the plants of which are now dry and dead, but have a small herb growing in amongst them. The symptoms of indisposition observed in the cattle have been an inclination to lie down, and an evident uneasiness when doing so, followed by a rapid swell ing of the body, death taking place a short time afterwards. Mr. Bellamy, a neighbor of Mr. Taylors, lost some valuable cattle under similar circumstances. The want of rain has been severely felt in the country districts, and at Roywood especially a water famine may be 6aid to prevail. All the waterholes in the district (says the Bendigo Independent) are either completely dried up, or the water is in such a putrid state as to be unfit tor use. In the 6ame holes from which water is drawn to supply the wants of the town, dogs and cats are drowned, so that an idea may be formed of itsun fit state for consumption. During the past fort night the only water available for household use has been the contents of two underground tanks sunk by some thoughtful towsmen. For watering their cattle, persons have been obliged to obtain water from Eaglehawk, at Is. per hundred gallons, but the expense in carrying it to Ravwpod is so great that means of supply cannot 6e continued for long. 