WATER COMMISSION. FRIDAY, 15th MARCH. Present—The chairman (Cr Morrison), and Crs Brophy, Scott Lewis, Dunn, Robertson, Wilson, T. Willliams, and J. Williams. CORRESPONDENCE.— From Cuthbert and Wynne, solicitors, myiog that they had accepted service of the writ issued by Messrs Young and M'Guigan, claiming £37,560 damages, and £5 costs. The chair man said that he had instructed the acceptance of service, and that ibe matter would be considered later on in the evening. The action of the chair man was confirmed. — From the - town cfcrk, Ballarat East, saying, that the mayor bad no objection to the water being laid on to the puddling machine of Andvewe and party. Beceived. — From the city clerk, requesting that gravel might be laid over the pipe-track in Slair street, where it inter sects the crossings, to restore them to their origfral condition. Referred to the engineer, with power.— From tbe St. Patrick's Day Fete committee, asking patronage, and that a holiday might be granted Com plied with. — From J. R. Burns, Asking to be alio wed to occupy about ten acres of land on the water reserve, between Fuseell's holding, and tbe quarry reserve. Decided the request c&uld; sot be complied with. FINANCE — The following accounts were passed :— Laying pipes, £48 lis; charwoman, £2 ; labor on reserves, £39 6s; planting, £5; connecting mains, &c.;, £44 12s 4d ; James M'Ewan and Co., £1000 ; Phœnix Foundry Company, £31 8s 5d; Ramsay, £10 10s 6d ; Retallack, £7 17s ; Gibbings, £2 ; Mortimer. £l 13s fid ; Messrs Purdue and Diichbonx, £1 ; secretary, £59 18s ; engineer's travelling ex penses, £3 26; P. Rett, £15; Hogan, £20 14s ; chair- mans travelling expenses, £3 10s ; firewood, £L 13a. The finance committee recommended that the sum of £1006 be paid to M'Ewan and GoM and a promissory note at three months, with interest added, be gives for £3702 3s Id. Referred to tbe chairman's report on the subject ' CHAIRMAN'S REPORT—This stated that, after taking legal opinion as to the liability of commissaoLers who would sign tbe promissory note for the balance due to James M'Kwan end Go . be had waited on that firm and arranged that £1000 should be paid in cash, and a promissory note given for the balance; the firm giviog an indemnity to tbe commissioners individually, and accepting the note of tbe corporation. 1 he promis sory note had been forwarded accordingly, the amount, with interest added, being £3702 3s Id. The fixed deposit receipt for £1500 given as security far the performance of the contract had been returned to the contractors. Mr Johnson, the Government analytical chemist, hearing that the character of the water had changed far the better, had kindly offered to make another analysis free of charge. He approved of fish in the water, and stated that the idea of lime was untenable, and that all new water supplies were prone to contamination until tbe ground became exhausted. In consequence of the accumulation of arrears, he in structed the collector to proceed against defaulters.- The report was adopted, aud it was agreed that the seel of the- corporation should be attached to the premiss >ry note. exgi2febis rbfo&t.;— The engineer reported on the various works executed, and mentioned the depths in the damans follow: — Gong Gong, 52 82 feet; Kirk's, 28 feet; Fincott's, 7 feet 2 inches; tieale's, 8 feet 1 inch. Be also reported on the bush-fires that had oc curred. one of which commenced in Mack's farm, and bad extended into Beale'6 reserve. The report was adopted. Collector's REPOBT,-This stated that the re ceipts for'the fortnight .amounted to £346 6b. The consumption of water by tbe mining companies during the month was 9,465,000 gallons. Gbke&al; Business.— Tbe chairman said that there would be very important matters toxsonsider in con nection with tbe lawsuit with Messrs Tonng aad hPGnigan, and suggested that a committee nhonld be appointed to Oct with him. Gr Robertson moved — " That the chairman and ex-ckeirman be appointed." Cr Lewis proposed an amendment — " That Gre JScott and Claxion, should be added." Gr Robertson arid tbe matter would be better in tbe hands of four gentlemen than two, especially as opinions bad been expressed by certain gentlemen in con nection with contractors. After some further discussion, during which Cr Wilson pointed out that the fonr gentlemen proposed were tie. three ex-chairmen and the chairman, who knew the entire history of the matter, the amendment' was carried. Cr Robertson spoke of the meeting being illegal, bnt tfe chairman ruled him out of order. The commission then adjourned. 