THE WATTLE BARK QUESTION The board of inquiry appointed by the Commissioner of Trade and Customs to re port on the state of the forest reserves itt connexion with the destruction of the wattle, consisting of Messrs. J. Bosisto, T. Cope, E. J, Dixon, G. R. Fincham,M.L. King,and J. Rees, M.L.A.'s., Baron Ferdinand von Mueller, Government botanist, with Mr. James Thom son as secretary, held their first meeting in Parliament-house on Wednesday, four mem bersbeingpresent. Mr. E. J. Dixonwas unani mously elected chairman of the board. The secretary for Agriculture, Mr. A, R. Wallis, forwarded reports on the destruction of wattles in the Stawell and Beechworth dis tricts horn the officers in charge of the state forests in those localities, by which it was 6hown that the work of stripping was going, on wholesale, the effect being returned as probable and early extermination in the former district, while at Beechworth the local caretaker asserted that both black and Bilver wattles were becoming scarcer day by day. By this latter report it was furthermore shown that almost the whole of the wattle hark is utilised by local tanners, the supply being chiefly obtained from, the ranges between the Woolshed, Wooragee, Twist Creek, and Yackandandah, hut the supply is already so limited that they must constantly advertise for bark in order to keep their respective establish ments open. In the course of a few years, providing bush-fires do not devastate the district, the Beechworth state forest will supply sufficient bark for local wants, but. outside the reserve all trees of 2in. in dia meter are ruthlessly destroyed, the bark averaging not more .than 41b. to 51b. per tree. It was furthermore shown that the extent of wattle tracts in the possession of the Crown in the Stawell district, within a radius of say 20 miles from the railway station, is at present about 10,000 acres." The secretary for Agricul ture recommended an early inspection of the Victoria Valley, and also the district of War tooke, south-west from Stawell about 35 mileB, where the principal stripping opera tions are being carried on at present. In the country round about the Grampians some thing like an area of 25,000 acres is devoted to wattle growing; but at the present rate not a wattle will be left in three or four years. The board took these reports into their con sideration, and decided on obtaining maps | and plans of the various districts, showing the extent of wattle country, with the view of malting an early inspection. Before leaving town, however, it was deter mined to call a number of . the lead I ing merchants, tanners, and others in terested in the trade for the purpose of obtaining a clear and concise approximation of the extent of the industry likely to bo affected. The secretary was therefore in structed td place himself in communication with several gentlemen holding different opinions on the justice of the tax proposed to be inflicted, for the purpose of securing tlieirpereonalattendanceatan early meeting or the board. As the gentlemen named occupy leading positions in the leather trade, their evidence is likely to prove of material value in guiding the hoard to a just decision in the matter. After some further business had been transacted the board adjourned. 