NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—Juvenile Industrial Exhibition at the Alfred-hall, with promenade concert in the evening; Bridges and Co.’s Gallery of Art, Academy of Music; meeting of City Fire Brigade; meeting of Constitutional Reform Association^.Mechanic a’ In stitute, 8 p.m.j meeting of Mining Board; of dairymen, Edinburgh Castle hotel, 11 a.m; meeting of Bangareeahire Council. Messrs Young and M'Guigan issued a writ in -Mel bourne on Monday against the Ballarat and Ballarat East Water Commissioners for £37,560 for material supplied and loss of time ib regard to the Gong Gong contract It is alleged by them that Mr Bagge re fused to allow for much extra work done by.them, that they have been put to’much pecuniary loss, and that as the commission refused to dismiss the engi neer they must share the responsibility of his actions, ■ The Town, bench made an order on Monday for the forfeiture and sale of the liquor seized upon the pre mises of Mary Ann Stevens, Eureka street, on Satur day week. The consideration of the call, from the Erskine Church, Carlton, to the Bev J. W- Inglia came before the Ballarat Presbytery on Monday, when, the rev. gentleman elected to; stay in Ballarat, and the pres byteay.set the call aside. A good many of the mem-' hers of St. John’s congregation were present at the se derunt, and a report of the proceedings will bo found elsewhere. . . ■: ■' ■ ■ " • ■ Scarlet fever has,' we are glad to state, not spread beyond .the f studies recently-Attacked,', and only exists in three houses. A-full report .of the enquiries into ■the sanitary arrangements -at - the Loudon Chartered- Bank will be found'in our Local Board of Health report.. ~ . ; , 7 ... In spite'of the very hot weather, the Juvenile In-, dustrial Exhibition was attended on Monday by 1033 persons, and the receipts for tickets reached £27. The only fresh exhibit of- consequence is a pretty model of Edinburgh Castle, made by. H. M'Quirk, of lantons. At the promenade concert selections were very, nicely .giveni by I Misses- -Davies', Worrell,- and Harley/ and Messrs Young, Carnegie, and Bunting. To-night a I miscellaneous concert l -will ba given. -- The • secretary i invites applications from Ballarat ladies who will I consent to play on Thursday evenings oh A plafloforfe to be placed on the dais. *±jffl***S^ Ofi&SSI;^SSSp.!9S on •femiifofl.tq urge the resi dents to appli for- epeoal railway rates, to Enable them to visit’tfie Exhibition, Hextweek he will visit Stawell and jPprtland. j v —•’ AtUieinvitition of|thh. : pungar^harlerB,Messrs_D. Brophv and Jbhn NoonahjVisited’VCalluJan a Morning atarJbdtel. Jiihotiom dn complete arrange mente.for the Hurling Mr Brophy - occupied I the chair, : „ and Mr J. Byrne 'volunteered to act as'honorary' secretary. Messrs J. Callinah, Devereux, O’Donoghue, _J. Lynch, Darcy, Conlan. and J. Jackson were appointed as a com miteo-to complete arrangements; - Everyona^seems confident- that the -fete on : St# • Patrick 8, Day ;wulcbe a Success# ljodnan presented the committee with a ■copy of-the rules of thft- ffiSlbourne Club#--- - The annual report of ■- thehsilth officer chows that both the birth rate and the death rate fo? the City of Ballarat'are "decreasing;: The births in 1877 .num bered 663, as against 700 in 1876, 758 in 1875,810 in. 1874,: and 9’73 in 1873. /. Marriage statistics are not gitreUj but the deorease in;the birth rate goes to prove the truth of fir Billa-fieadley s stetenlent that matri mony in-Victoria is declining. Tbe. fact that the death rate for 1877 was -o'nly 17 per 1000 as.against 20 per 1000, for proves; in Dr Bunco s opinion,.that Ithe 'sanitary.arrangements. of the city . are steadily improving. ; \- The stock and station agents here suffer much in j convenience-at'- present from the want of-a railway siding near the City of Ballarat claim.. The Minister Of Railways promised some time .ago to see that the Want WaS but he seems to have forgotten his promise, and Will he ietflihded Of it. 1 - The question of a free library tot the City of Bal - larat has been opened up again, and .the City Cotihfiil being solicited to reconsider their decision with regard ’ to the old 'market-abed, 'referred the question on Mon day to the mayor and Cr Wilson. It has been sug gested that: early action is scarcely desirable, for should mining boards be abolished no more suitable building for a public library could be obtained than the Mining Board room. - - As we a week. ago. anticipated would be the casS,- great inconvenience is experienced by pedestrians, and’ especially by thosS of the weaker sex, in the absence of the- wooden footpath Covering the Sturt street channel’ in front of the Corner and tbs Mechanics’ Institute. Several people have received nasty falls, and- on Monday Cr Brophy presented to the City Council a petition signed by 50 influential ratepayers,' praying that the planking so hastily removed might be again laid down, i This . petition, together with Cr Claiton'e motion on notice for an iron palisading and asphalting at the locality in question, was referred to the works committee for fepoft. The first monthly, meeting, of the Constitutional Reform Association will be held this evening in the Mechanics’ Institute, when a good master is expected, as . some interesting subjects are : to be discussed. . On Saturday last a party of sportsmen left here for a day’s coursing. The party made for Mr Harkneas’, situated about half-way between .Ballarat'and Lis more, where they were moat kindly .received, and after appointing judges and slipper they proceeded in -searchof puss. A good number of runs were ob tained, with four kills, but the weather .was;too hot and the ground too hard. There was a'good deal of talk about the merits of the several dogs, Mr Walton thinking his dog the best, bat he could not be per suaded to bask his dog against old Hughy the black smith’s Logic, which, in the opinion of the judges, proved itself the best dog in the field. We heard Hughy offer to run his dog against Mr Walton’s any day for £5 or £6O, but Walton did not seem to be on. The judges were Messrs B. Gibson and Harkness. ... An old man named- Thomas Merrit, seventy-four years of age, died on Sunday at his residence, Dawson street, of valvular disease of the heart. He, had suffered for years from this compliant; but as sit the time of bis death no doctor had attended him, a magis terial enquiry was held , on Monday at'--the Adelphi hotel# Mr P. Chauncy, J.P., presided, and a verdict in accordance . with. the statement given above was brought in. A Chinese hawker named Chun Tung, who lives in Main street, was arrested. on Monday night' by Con stable Trainor under -the following, circumstances:— He expected to receive employment from Mr W. Flegeltaub, but,was disappointed in this, and grew despondent. He' sent a letter to bis brother stating that , he . intended to commit suicide, and . prepared himself for the event by catting off bis pigtail, which, as he stated to the arresting .constable, no amount of money.would . previously have induced him to part witb. His mind indeed appeared so unsettled that after his arrest he was’ deprived of everything with which, in the opinion of the police, be could commit suicide. He will be dealt with at the TowmCourt on Thursday, ■ ! •• Early on Sunday morning a fire took place on the homestead of 'Mr-John Donovan, adjacent to the townsbip'of Learmontb, when-a large stack of newly threshed wheaten .straw was - burnt, and .a. valuable .mate and foal'.whioh were-housed hear -it were both literally roasted alive before any assistance could be rendered further than Mr Donovan’s own individual help. Although this loss is severe, still it was nothing short of a miracle that the whole of bis haystacks, barn, and stable, which were only a few yards away, were not all consumed as well. The moroiog, however, was exceedingly calm and fine, and any further damage was averted by the presence of a : few neighbors. The origin of the fire is, so far, a mysteiy, taking place as it did some time between the hours of 2 and 4 o’clock in the morning. On refer ence to the police court report it will be seen that Mr Donovan Has suspicions' of the affair being the work of an incendiary. Mr John Robson has consented to repeat his recital of-." Macbeth”- some’time this'month, and the mem bers of St. Paul’s choir have also consented to sing Locke’s music for the witches. Mr F. Cazaly will* we are informed, slug the music of Hecate. ;A meeting in the insolvent estate of JohnHowarth, of Corindhap, was held on Monday at the office of the Chief Clerk, Lydiard street. Ho creditors attended and the meeting closed. The steamship Lusitania ' went aground near,the pile lightship in going down the South Channel-on Saturday evening. She was safely towed off by the steamer Resolute at a later hour, and proceeded on her voyage, having evidently sustained no damage. *■' We have received Lester’s .monthly, railway time table for March. • A St. Arnaud telegram in Monday’s Age, dated 3rd March, states that “ the Rev. Father Dwyer, after mass to-day, delivered an address on the Education Act, by order of the Bishop of Ballarat, in which he told the Catholic voters not to pledge themselves to either party till he had ascertained which was willing to grant the Catholio demands." : ' With a “ deadlock” war looming in the distance, a general depression in trade and manufactures, and the outlets for employment'blocked up, owing to the non- investment of capital, it is no wonder (writes our Smythesdale correspondent) that there should' be ominous shakes of the head, and gloomy forebodings as to the future. Wherever you go or turn the general theme is the stagnation of ’ trade, the scarcity of the “circulating medium,” and the difficulty encountered to get ini accounts. It is,’however;-felt that when matters come to the wont they are sure to mend, and this - is the only fringe I see of the silver lining that is said to accompany every dark cloud. In the meantime* whilst the steed is starving for want of grass, the bone and sinew, of the colony are taking themselves to other countries as quick as possible. Among the civil servants who have, recently gone, officially, to their rest, is Mr ' Philip Chauncy, late district surveyor at Ballarat. This gentleman, who has retired on bis pension, has had a long and honor able career in these.colonies, commencing as. far back as October, 1839, when he first practised his profession as a' land surveyor in Adelaide, whence he proceeded as a Government surveyor to Western Australia in 1841, migrating to Victoria in 1853, when he accepted an appointment from Captain, how Sir Andrew, Clarke, who bad seen Mr 1 Chauncy’a high testimonials, as district • surveyor at’ Heathoote. Mr Chauncy has served the Government in various parts of the colony for twenty-five years, during which he won the regard and esteem of all persons, private or official, with whom be came in contact. It will be seen from our \ advertising columns that Mr Chauncy has commenced practice as a land and finance agent in Lynn’s Cham bers, in which from his long and intimate acquaintance 1 with the mysteries of the Lands Department, and the goodwill,borne to- him by its administrators, he can not fail to be useful to those who may avail, them selves of his services. 1.-:- , . : I A fire broke out at ah’early hour op Sunday morn- I iug iaNewtowo.Qaelong. The house destroyed 1 belonged' to a main named Levin, and was insured in the Northern ,Company £pr£loo. The origin of the fireis unknown.. An hour after the fire bells rang out another alarm was raised,-this time the locality being Lovely Banks, the stables ■ and outbuildings' of Messrs ; Matthews Bros, being totally/destroyed" and;, tjvo ‘valuable horses roasted to death. The fire is.’sup: ‘posed- to have been caused through men smoking. ’The place was insured in the Australian Alliance Company for £5O;-but the loss is estimated'at*£2so." A sale of Crown lands in fee simple will- beheld-at: Smythesdale oh;the 14th' instant, 'comprising'allot-• ments in the parishes of Argyle, Yarrowee, Clarkes dale, Smythesdale, and Lynchfield. : On Sunday and Monday 1 , (writes our correspondent) the heat .was very oppressive, and tb, add ; to -the-dis comfort experienced, a flaming bushfire was raging in the, ranges;; betweea.Smythesdale - ahd - Brpwns, which eayeloped both places pj a dark atmosphere oi impe netrable smoke, through which tb« peared like a pillar of Ere. The timh!l“1”? k belongipg. to tte Messrs Bodens, which!' 66 way to Boss' Creek, except on a level streS. 5 ?«i try where open drams exist, were at o ae «„ 6j V nent danger of destruction, but forl.inL . In i«ai, petty escaped, and the fire receded to the 7 tba P* it is still bufniag. A fire is now {Monfl ea!t ’’ , C raging between the Hon. P. 3 m the road hading to Carngham, and with the wind, ll!D 3 eajj, [ A Jeremy Diddler, who calls himself «n t Cameron, but whether of law, nhvsie j- . oc ki’ did not explain called on Saturday Reservoir hotel, Smythesdale, and had snnrf 6t lli beer and a good supper. So neat ashed f PUltjl t but was not supplied, and when requested , 4 H I what he had he took wing, and promised { „-£ J i* next time he came that way. The wil! bear the “ doctor” in mind, should up and offer to patronise any of them. g3 ®'oa The Bev. Mr Norton, of St. Mary's t • Ohdrch (writes our Smythesdale on me td- day.relative to the bishop’s lecture of v? 6l and requests me to state that when the biali “ ?1 menced his lecture there were only about tw t 6o °’ sons present, but gradually the audience that at one .time.he counted seventy-five nr”™ ll3 the hall. The majority of those present states, were the holders of 2s tickets. ' lon^!T Sonia time ago it was stated that soma of a weatherboards of the English church at Staff ji- Reef _had been removed, lam assured (says o respondent) that this is not the case, and tw a r ' congregation in that district are assiduous in tl • efforts to protect the property and keep it fir ... and that divine service is now held them once ' PMr ’ fourteen days to a numerous and attentive coao tion, . “"P* \+ Se a r ! tal J for , Aericullure, rg , turned to .Melbourne on Saturday afternoon {saw a Osetong Advertiser), after a tour through thisdfatri? in search of vines affected by the ’phylloxera, rajfa/,.? We understand that no fresh vineyards have b discovered to be infected by this disease, which ho" ■ ever, is more extensive in its character in som/j the condemned vineyards than was at first suppose! A Constitutional Association has been formed i Geelong, 15 ' The possibility of the political situation leadintr tn a dissolution (says Monday’s Telegraph) is one o{ ft subjects which is generally .discussed, and arising out of it there are various rumors respecting the effort, Which the Government will make to keep up n” number of its majority, and if possible increase jf Among them it is stated on reasonably reEablo authority that the Chief Secretary will abandon Geelong in favor of a supporter who can obtain fts seat, and that the hon. gentleman will offer himself for St. Eilda, in order to secure the defeat of Mr Carter It is thought, that, recent events have weakened Hr : Dixon’s position with that constituency, bat that with ! Mr Berry's assistance his seat could be retained, aaj • tile second one gained, to the radical party. A telegram from Sydney a few days ago (says the Argus) spoke of an intercolonial conference on the question of connecting Australia by a second calls with the European and Asiatic telegraph system. The proposition emanates from South Australia, and by some mischance the invitation to Victoria was sot sent. The error has been discovered and reetided, and this week it is expected that the arrangements for ih» conference will be completed. The Victorian Govern merit is not committed': to any line of policy, hot its prepossessions are in favor of adopting a new routs rather than of duplicating the Port Darwin cable. The well-known thoroughbred Fireworks died acts, what unexpectedly on Sunday morning (says tie Argus);. Fireworks was sold at the Maribymong auction on the last day of the old year, and was pur chased at £l7OO by Mr T. F. Camming, ol Stony Point, Darlington, and the price was considered mo derate for so popular, arid successful a sire. Be died at Flemiugton early on Sunday morning, from islam ! mation of the bowels. Mr Vincent, veterinary surgeon, .was called in two days ago, and used every exertion to save the horse, but the case was hopeless from the • first. . y, : : Monday’s Argus reports that one at: the oldest and best known business men in Melbourne, Mr Thomas Stubbs, .died oh Saturday at Sb. Eilda, Mr Stubbs, ' whose career- as an auctioneer dated almost from tbs foundation of the- *ity, was a celebrity in his day, and his name will not eafiilyba forgotten. In business circles he was much esteemed - for his kindly and , genial disposition. He died at the ripe age of seventy, 'five.' ',[■ - ■■ ■. .. ■ That the desire .of .effecting some compromise 'between the two Houses is increasing in political circles (says Monday’s Argus) may be stated as a fact, huts •it seems probable that if anything is done it will, ia the first instance,'be the result of pressure from with out.. The -Ministerial chiefs show ho signs of waver ing, .but assert their belief that the Governor will yet sign warrants on the vote of the Asseinbly, and they are pushing forward thq preparations for. the “mojster -demonstration ” of which we spoke on Saturday. It ■is to partake of the ; nature of a convention, and will last over ' three days. By the action taken at Dayles ford on Friday, the Opposition members of the Assem bly are committed to the proposal of a conference between the two Houses, arid were this suggestion adopted there are good grounds for believing that it -would terminate toe difficulty. Mr EerferdandMr Service speak at Beechworth this evening. ~.. ,A cricket match will taka place to-morrow (Wednee day) on the Eastern Oval between the employees of ’the City Council and the Water Commission; play to 'commence : at:l-o’clock sharp. The match will be for a dinner. The following are the names of the re spective teams:—City Council—Messw Wynne, Wood, T*ill, Wainwright, Liddiard, Chalk, Showring, Cadden, Rhys, Williams, Westwood; umpire, Aateiiffe; scorer, Marshall. Water Commissiori—Messrs Peake, Cam cart, Wilkinson, Smith, Cameron, .King, .hang, Chis holm, Carroll, Dunn, and Connelly; umpire, Hughes; scorer, King. 