. INGLE WOOD. , ^FP.OM our. OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Wednesday, 16th January. Aii extraordinary meeting of the hospital com* JuiU-9ewa3 held last evening, for the' considera tion of the annual fete in aid of the hospital funds. Members present: —Vice-president (Mr. J. 1\ Klein) in the chair,.Messrs. Isaac, Mur chison, Kibble, and Blackburne. The following committees . were appointed:—Messrs. Kibble, Tati'iell,-Wynne,' and ' Murchison," to be the theatrical committee; Messrs. Murchison, Klein, Tatthclj,' and ^.Kibble, to be the printing and general "progress committee, and to submit a re jiort at the; annual meeting" to be held on the 28tli justant.f The secretary was instructed to 'write to Mr. Dicker, secretary to the Dunolly Hospital,, for .a copy of their last programme; also to write to the Borough Council of Ingle •W'bod, -requesting the use of the Botanical Keserve for the holding of the annual fete. The meeting then adjourned to Tuesday next, 22nd inst. Threshing is pretty well over li'ere, and great rjuantities of wheat are being brought in. As was surmised, the yield is far below the esti mate. I have silly heard ef one farmer whose estimate was below the actual yield, as hij wheat averaged 18 bushels and the oats 15 bushels per ncre; it was threshed by Jensen's machine, which (jives vory general satisfaction wherever it has been. ,■ A case of sudden death was reported to me last evening, as having occurred to a young lad about IS years of age, who had been with the Messrs. Waite, of lioort-, for some time. They were bringing him down to the Inglawoad Hospital, and got as far a« fiickards's A'Beckett Plains Hotel, where he died. My informant did not learn the young man's name, and the disease lm died of was supposed *o be typhoid fever, but, doubtless, there will be an inquiry into the matter to-day. The bush-fires seem to have burnt themselves cut, although there is no improvement in the ■weather. One gentleman made .the remark in tny presence tho other day that the sinoko only wanted ft liitle brimstouo flavoring, to make one iin.igino that thoy were in "another place." At the Police Court yesterday the case of tho Police v. \V. M, Smith, for having his bar-door open to the public on a Sunday, which had been adjourned for tho production of further evi dence, Was again called on, but the "further cridcnce "—a well-known individual named Thomas Plant—appearing in the court drunk lie was committed for contempt, and the case again adjourned till Friday next, Plant mean while being retained in an hotel where his drinks will consist more of water than ardent spirits or malt liquors. 