Notes from Wide Bay. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The weather still tantalises with hopes of rain rtai will not come at al), or falm.in. driblets that S? no permanent goodto - farmer.'^graner, >or Liter Taking the plantations, throughout, *m,ch o'f the cane will have to be replanted, and a zLt deal more of it looks parched and withered. firasB is scarce,for, though.it springs into life with ?,.rv shower, a few days o£?the. summer heat. ?ourns it up, and about every fortnight it. fohn a; victim to bush'fires..-;! .'..' ';. '.r.tM-.ur. v.-.i J:.,,. . The unhappy Toby who speared Cunningham .^captured on Wednesday the28rd,by Constable King at Sandy Cape Lighthouse, Fraser's Island, ^dwaahroughttoMaryboroughattheendof.the «eek * he was charged before the' Pohce Magis- trate with the murder on Monday^ remanded to Tuesday, and again to Thursday. 'v'-v Thc Tiaro cricketers have received a challenge bom the Maryborough eleven, who Beera to think bo small beer of themselves, frbnt the.tenor of jLir challenge. - "Don't' be frightened of. us," they hint; "of course we carry too many guns for you, but then we don't practise and you do;" and thus they seek to save themselves/ from dis- grace in case of defeat, and enhance the merit of the victory they count so surelyupon,, The Tiaro eleven, however, don't tremble at the thought of meetiDg this doughty club who don't take the trouble to practise, and have .accepted the (Tg/nge ; the match is to come off on St. patrick's day. ... i. . .ii.i.si A Sydney man--John Kemp--has bought the Mount Perry Mino for the sum_ of £3000.., The property is a valuable one, and it ia riot improb- able that the mine will be at wort again quite as soon as the Bundaberg railway is ready to do the carrying part of the business., : ¦?,¦, .>:,;! ? : Tho Government proclamation in re Poly- nesians and firearms' cause's much /discontent among the boys on the plantations. They say truly they are robbed unless their money is' re-i turned to them, in which case they don't care" " tuppence for Missy Douglas and his proclama- tion." " Plenty gun Btop along a Havana har- bor, and plenty whiteman; along a Sydney 'bring cm gun along a island," they say,' as they grin and Bhow their white teeth ? at- the thought of ,the hon. John's sentimental and maundering philan- thropic .'.¦.". -.''.;?'. ? ; -.-;:-::;-.' -..,' "..-."i. 'i. ¦ i'.':.February 1. The sporting capital of Wide Bay, Gympie, has issued a very liberal and judiciously divided pro- gramme for the annual meeting to take place somo time in May during the Bhow week. - Th'e puh'io money given away is £500,! On the first, day?A Maiden Plate of 50 sovs.; Selling Race ol 25 sovs.; 'Turf Club Handicap of 150 sovs;; Back Race of 10 sovs.; Queensland Plate (handi- cap) of 40 sovs. ' Second day?Miners' Purse of SO bovs. (handicap); Ladies' Purse of 30 sovs.; Hack race of 10 sovs.; Town Plate of 80 bovs.; and Forced Handicap of 15 sovs.- ii ; ;?'.-.. Maryborough, whose decision"as' to dato of holding show and races both Gympie and Bun- daberg ore waiting on, has as yet made no Bign in either direction. - Our race meeting will prob- ably be a local affair, and there is no decisive intimation that any show will be held ait all. The Agricultural and Pastoral Bociety of Wide Bay should have issued their schedule' of prizes two months ago, and the racing committee ought to have led, not followed, Gympie with the annual programme. .?¦¦:.'¦' ; ? -:, 