ZIGZAG PAPERS. Z. “Yes, write as you like, for I do not care what your opinions are, but you must respect the laws of decency and of libel.”—ED. Star. "Right, O wise man. I will be reverent of the laws.”—Z. { All bail! my noble dismissed, who claims to coma -qt the stock of I‘, .- Old John of Gaunt, time-honored Lancaster, ~ , j I liked your pluck is announcing your barris terial start" withinrfour and twenty -hours-of- the Black Wednesday,” revenge ” coming to your know ledge.—lt-ahosredlthat_you a 'man,‘let alone one hailing from him of Ghent ,y“ time- Your petition to the (Jueen, top, nukedjjahd 'may/the;gods' give .it abundant' - success, cause the:whole, black' Black'Wednesday business,•‘of ‘| fevetfgb ’’ to be well aired in- the. Imperial - Parlia ment, and.our_peoplejiere to. be .taught better political manners. Your friends of the Berry faction say you qught to have saved money enoughj'as you had a good \- billet for about - a~quarter " of a - century, and that Having had so long a spell of quarterly cheques and a ' goodly sum to corneas compensation, you ought there; ,ddth to be content and .take the B. ,W. gruel kindly. MydearLanoaßter, there is a morsel of truth in that ibty.of .puttingit, hut I applaud your plnck ;i al! the same, and the more jia nothing the Berry faction say does away with the iniquity of the infernal method the Black Wednesdayoperators- adopted. fl'Beeyou~have-noticed -Heywood’s death, once of tne treasury here. He was only 44, a-fellow of great' altitude, some goodly, share of mirth, and bad lungs Bale death would soon have dismissed him if the Black Weduesdayera had not, and the poor devil’awidow and .family will gain something, after all by the. fact . that hjia lungs held out. long enough to let him be officially ailed before nature operated. “ £«n viveur, eh ?’.’, said a - gossip to a friend of the' deceased after the £jmeiju..._“ Jf« foi, non,”' replied the’ “ he 1 was an excellent fellow and died of consumption. He . lied to ride in a cab. to his work, because he could not tilk"to-peopleaa he would have to do had he gone by rjifljuhd when.he reached the office he Had td 'sit for a ; long while'before he r was able to .do any thing,”. ’, And si poor Heywbod fell, not. absolutely a victim .to the. cpsis,'and his widow and family are to receive, as I hfear, about £lOOO .compensation. - I Being-in a pious mood the other Sunday forenoon walked'out and renewed my youth—my goldfieldi; yputh, the days of more than a quarter century ago, the days when Peter,, Lalor and the Stockade .were, unknown,- and Longmore had not commenced to mis understand history -in-public, and fight against the unconquerable habits of capital and, capitalists. : . I fbu nd myself.standing at Taylor’s butchery at , the corner of Wills and Humffray streets,.,and. charmed- With the many bits' of picturesque view in sight. The western Ballarat : and the eastern were. both in great part before" me, embossed with the.works of art and nature; Towera and trees, root over roof,' leafy lines o{ street, churches and aohbols,. warehouses) hbmes by- the' thousand everywhere.': And- T cohid uptTietpT!eeiflg“that~the secalar --vigor of the . times was visible in something besides the handsome State schools. Of: all the towers, and spires in this wide reaching city only one, that of St, Paul’s, is duo to ecclesiastical energy. St. Andrew’s and St. Patrick’s were;startad with provision for towers and spire, but the hideous truncated:.masses of stone'and brick grin at each other over the Start street width,- and the .rich members of either communion permit the ugly, un finished walls to get mouldy with passage of time 'and stint of faith, : Great Jove ! do those men really believe in Thee and what their augurs say, and do tpey. heap up. their, bank balances and let Thy temples bp unfinished! Why, Icould put iny hand on scores of men who could: do all the finishing. and i not deny them 'selves a scrap of material - comfort, I My opinion is’ that”they don’t~beUeve. They; only -believe .they believe. If they , had ' faith they could the word, and that beautiful - Gothic oathedral of St. Patrick’s would send up a - tall spire towards heaven that should be a .landmark for miles round, andbe” a' thing of beauty ” in a picture which, as I gaze hence, is already rich in color and . variety.' If they had faith they would command, and the; Norman front’of -St. Andrew’s would be made perfect and entire by the finishing of the unfinished tower, whose embattle, mented top would gleamlike a mediaval castle from out the trees. Bat the rich have-not faith of that sort. - What a glorious place that rising ground about Old Post-office Hill ought be made into by trees and fine buildings. From where I . stand it rises like a Pihcian Hillj-but without palaces and much-verdure. Behind me ia the white gorge of the Black Hill, and I ascend to it,- passing by cottages and,' gardens; and through little lane-ways that remind me of-ari Eng lish hamlet. Now, what a wide view over' all this Big Ballarat and its suburbs)~and Vhow those bright new.,State schpls, with, their .perky little towers and their many-gabled fronts help :to embellish the omni colored landscape. -Wonder gleam Wendouree and Beat-month in the ann, and I see that" a'blue sky and fleecy clouds hang over'the Pyrenees and over the more distant bluer Grampians,- and that it ia fair weather a,hundred miles away as here. There, in a certain lovely mountain pass, and-about its streams and glens, and hoar and licbened rocks, plays this same aunlight, for l ean see. the heavens above,, them as,-well, as above all this city, with its beauties of. foliage; of color,-'of building,'with its peopled streets now alive with oatcoming church-goers. Below me in the valley, by the side of the old bullock-dray track, now Humffray street, .1 pitched my first,tent, here when no house, hb church, ho street, ho tower, ho school was visible. , Since then ten thousand men have' died, ‘and more,' but this "city has risen ‘aid the Black Hill has become .white with,, the change, white as glistening rock and illuminating sunlight can make it. All its splendid old dark-tressed forest trees are gone, as have the men who felled them b’ nights after the day’s gold-hunting was over. The roar of .the-falling trunks and' limbs‘.iningled then with the-crack of -pistols and guns'and the.laugh and song from tent and bush-fire, and they mingle once more in memory’s diapason as my youth is renewed upon - this breezy,' sun-gilded,; all-commanding height. My,brethren of the . dead, I: see your, tombstones white, as ghosts in the sunshine yonder. I am coming to join yon, and over all the -world have gone to your places the. wan dering ones.who once laughed and labored here with you and me. The dust of our dead is scattered, indeed, very wide, but here beneath my eye lies the' risen creation of your enterprise and hard work, a beautiful city sprang from the wilderness. You, my brethren, are gone, we -are following quickly upon your foot steps, but this city will remain the product and monument of our brief passage. 