SYDNEY. Tne fish and oyster men of Sydney hold their annual picic at the new pavilion, Botany, on Monday, anld on tle same day the Independelnt Order of Odd fellows (M.U.) celebrated their thlirty-fortllh anni versary by a picnic to Clontarf uldcr tthe most favor able auspies. 'The net earnings of tile railways of the colony for last year amnounted to 4.17 Ier cent, on tlhe capital expended in their construction. At a meeting of the Cricket Association a saelec. tion committee was appointed to chlooso a team for a matlch against tile Australian Eleven. It was de termined to give the Australians a public reception if tlhe San 'raincisco steamer arrive at a suitable hour, and a picnic. The subject of the alleged Ipay inent of amateurs for their services in tile Eaglish players' beneolit mnatch at Melbourne was discussed, and the association decided that it was not within their province to interfere in thie matter. At thloe nannal miceting of the deaf, dumb, and blind asylum thie ion. John HaIsy presiding, a satis factory report of the state of the institution was presented. At a uiblic nmeeting in sufport of the Mahltsga mission, subscriptions wore opened, and a petition to tile Govrcrnor was adopted in fiavour of a grant in aid of the mission. A clerk nalnsed RI. II. Hillier, recently employed by the Colonial Sugar Company, lhas been roamlnced on a chargeo of bigaimy. His first wife is said to reside in South Australia. A pigeon-mnoatch tookl place oa Saturday, Iden a0gle to Sydney, a distance of rseventy-seven mniles. Tie winning bird did thle distance in sixty-six mill. thirty sec.; the second and third also flow at tile rate of over ai mile a minusite. In another rmatch fromn Donglas-park, a distance of forty-five miles, the winner accomplished the distance in thirty-nine mmn. The Sydney Insurance Company's dividend for the Ihalf-year is five per cent. with five per cent. bonus. L'Estrango, tIe Australian Blondin, lhas returned fromn China with a monster Paris balloon, with whlichl he intends to perform srial feats in Sydlney. HIIungerford, charged with mnanslaughlter at Mait land assizes, was found not guilty. The charge arose out of a free-stlection dispute similar to that at Cumbamurra. Hungcrford was defended by Mtr. Buftler and Mr. Windeyer. ThIe Evening News castigates ex-Priest Chliniquy and his abettors for desigseldly occasioning ill-will amnongst thIe various denominatioss. Tile undermcentioned cricseters have beer choson for practice prior to the selection match against the Australian cleven, viz., Allen, Bunrrows, Cosllhor, lDunmctt, Farnsworthl , Geary, Gregory, Humnphlries, Iceton, Massie, Player, Powell, ligg, Scale, Shlleri dan, Thompson, Tindall, Toohoy, and Wood. Theo comnnittee tave omitted Evans, as they are unaware wla ther hlie can come down. Sevcral good playerr hIave been omitted. A strong movement is afloat against the licensing of railway stations. A meeting of all the influential stocktowncrs has been called at the Exchange to take into consideration the dcsirability of forming a purely pastoral and agricultural society for the exhsibition of live-stock, agricultural produce and implemnents, and tie gone ral improvement of tlhe pastoral and agricultural in terest, and witlhdraw their support from thIe Agricnl tural Society, on the ground of thIe international ex hibition project. At an inquest held on Thursday the jury returned a verdict of suicide in the case of the man Walter Jarvis, a miser, who on Wednesday cut his throat. The evidence was conclusive that Jarvis perpetrated the deed in a fit of anger, consequent on his having been asked by his wife for money for household pur poses. (leron the S. .S. Heratdt) The following case was tried on Wednesday in the district court before Judge Wilkinson :-Barber v. Bnadgery.--This was an action to recover £6, tlhe valie of ten sheep, which were alleged to be short in a consignment of four hundred, sent to the de fendant's firm from Breadalbano to Homebush. TIhe dispute was as to whletlher the sheep had all been pnt into thie trncks at Breada!bane. Dr. Donovan in structed by Messrs. Iceton ard Faithfulla, arppeared for thie plaintiff ; and Sir George Inaes, instructed by Mr. John Cahill, appeared for tIhe defendant. His Honor thoulght the question was whether de fendaint had receivedt the full number or not, and the evidaenc was that he had not. Asl action might lie against the commissioner of railways, but tile verdict in this case must be for the defendant. There was a great bush-fire on Botany reserve on Wednesday. The long bridge was isavcd from de struction by the customs crow, assisted by Ste Dcr mott and Sons. Father Chiniquy lectured to a large audience on Tuesday night at tile Protestarnt hall on Purgatory. The "ev. George Suthcrland stated that as Father Chiniquy was leaving Parramatta on Mlonday night, where lie had beer lecturing, a stono was thrown into thIe carriage in which he rwas sitting and a second stone was thrown subsequently. Tile stones (pieces of blueno metal) were elxhibited to the audiences and created much indignation. I the course of as animated address fie stated that on more occasions than one thie life of Father Chliniquy had been snaved by the valour and courage of true Britons, in thIe persons of Orangemen; and he was sure tllant while on our shores there wcre brave hearts and strong arms who would shield him from all personal harm. Ex- priest Chiniquy gave a lecture on Wednesday night at thle odtdfellows' hall, Bnlmain, on thle sub ject of IRomish Miraoles and tolics. The hall. was crowded to overflowing. (e'ros the Echo.) After all that has been said about thle want of furnds to cany out the international exhibition of 1879, it is pleasing to find that in the opinion of gentlemen of great experience the cost is not likely to be ran obstacle to its complete success. Assuming thlat the Iuner Domain is the site chosen-and none will assert that a better or more beautiful one could be found--the gardoens alone would go far to please those who will be attracted by thle exhlibition; whilst, according to Mir. John Toung, a building more tuhan three times thIe size of tile structuro in Prince Alfred Park witlh a haudsome centre feature, can be erected, floored, roofed, lighted, and finished complete for thle sum of £18,000. One more than twrice thie area of thie old building swould cost only £14,000; cost as usual increasing in isuvere ratio to size. Itoreovcr this structure being made as in Paris im convenient bays of twenty-ose feet squnare, could be added to at will, and could when done with be resold in convenient sectionus for railswav- sheds, barns, stabling, &o.;, without any deterioration as far aIs use is coacerned, anid at iA nsoney-loss to tlhe exhibition account of about probably one.third the original cost. Whrat do our readers imginile is the latest mode of iadvertising? They lmnow how walls and ferces ir tile city are rendered hideous, and hlow thle pave ments are soectimnes disfigured ; bt whatsmf will they say swhon they Iaurn tlhant some enterprising persons havo begun to utilize chmurch ptews I Of course thae thing will niot be tolerated, ibut of aill things why shouhld a chnrch-prw be used for the purpose of atdvertising coal ? 