Local Court, Moonta. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1878. (Before J. B. Shepherdson Esq., S.M.) LIMITED JURISDICTION . Hart v Richards—Claim for board and lodging, £3 6s. Mr. Cox for defendant. Sarah Hart deposed that defendant, with her two sons and daughter, came to her place and stopped for six weeks, for which she charged them 25s. per week. Towards the amount owing defendant had paid £4 4s. On being cross-examined by Mr. Cox, witness stated that her husband had sent to England for defendant and her children, and that she herself had brought them from Moonta Bay on their arrival. Richard Hart, husband of last witness, corroborated her evidence, and in his crossexamination (during which he manifested a slight disposition towards liveliness, expressing his ability to stand before Mr. Cox, or fifty of him), stated that defendant assisted but very little about the household work whilst staying with him, and that she was the laziest woman that ever traveled." He denied ever stating that he was willing to accept £5 as payment for the time defen- dant was with him. Hannah Richards, defendant, deposed that her brother had sent to England for her and her children. On arrival they had gone to his house, and nothing had been said about payment until some seven weeks after they had left. Defendant then stated that it had cost them about £10 during the time they were living together, and that he thought that they might share the expenses equally. He also said that he did not wish her to pay anything, but that his wife did. Witness informed the Court that Hart used sometimes to get angry with his wife, when he would come to her place and pour out his griefs ; and on one such occasion he said he would not live with her any longer, and wanted money from witness to take him to Adelaide. .She gave him 20s., but he did not go as '' Sarah came after him and beat him." Witness had worked hard at domestic duties whilst staying in plaintiff's house, and frequently stopped up half the night minding Mrs. Hart's baby, whilst she was down ln the township on the spree." She had more than paid what she considered was owing to plaintiff. John Richards and Joseph Richards both corroborated the main points of their mother's evidence, but seemed a little at sea as to the amounts that had been paid. The Court was of opinion that the charge was a reasonable one, and gave judgment for the amount claimed. Richard Hart, was then charged with assaulting Joseph Richards, and pleaded guilty. Fined 10s. and costs 20s. Cecilia Phillips was charged with having committed perjury at the last sittings of the Moonta Local Court, by denying that she had used certain slanderous words concerning one Mrs. Holly. Mr. Cox for the prosecution and Mr. Burtt for p'isoner. Tl'is action arose out of the case of Holly v. Phillips. for slander, heard at Moonta on the 6th December. N. D. Bennett proved tbe hearing of the ca c e. and dep "sed that he beard prisoner emphatically deny that she had Hated that Mrs. Holly and her daughters were "worse than three common prostitutes, and that, had she been living in Adelaide, she would have been taken up for keeping a brothel." Lance-Corporal Ker also deposed to having heard pri-oner deny using the words, after she ha l been canti nel by Mr. C >x that she might be sued for perja-v. Mary A. Simmons, EIiza Schmidt, Emma Waters, and William Hocking deposed to having heard prisoner use the words complained of. in their presence, concerning Mrs. Holly, both on the iith and 6th of November Maria Cecilia Phillips,daughter o' pri-om r. ten years o' age, was and deposed ih-»t she lived w : ,!h her mother and brother. Her mother was siekly. and the previous witri"sses were not on good terms with her. She did not know why they weie angry with her mother, b it <-he bad b°ard them talk s»ga nst her. Had never heard her say anything against Mrs. Holly or either of tbe witnesses in the case. Mrs. Holly's house was a very noisy one, and on the 5t'i of November some hoys had come from there and had frightened her mother, who during the next day was ill pi bed. In her cross-examination, by Mr. Cox, witness said she knew that the previous witnesses wee angry with her mother because they backslide'! " her. She bad beard Mrs Holly say that her mother was a drunkard, and she was not. Witness (wh" exhibited a degree of intelligence almost b y nd her years) gave such "li' 4 answers in her cross-examination that one could scarcely help < r.tei'trtinir.g the idea that Koine time had been spent in preparation for it, under the careful tuition of her mother. The Court said it was a painful thing to commit a woman for tri-it on such an accusation, but there was no a'ternative, as the evidence was so clear against prisoner. She wou'd therefore be committed to taka her trial at the next sittings of the Supreme Court. Police Court, Moonta. DECEMBER 23rd. 1878. [Berore J. B Shepherdson. Esq., S.M.J INCESTUOUS RAPE. John Bawden was charged with feloniously ravishing his daughter, Elizabeth Bawden. on the 1st December. Elizabeth Jane Bawden (a girl about 16 years of age) deposed that on the 1st of December her father (prisoner) committed the offence with which he was charged against her will. S'le threatened to tell her aunt, and screamed out. Her brother heard her. She left home on the Thursday following, in consequence of her father coming home drunk, and ordering her to bed. He told her sister to get the whip. and said he would do the same to her as he had done by her mother, viz., strip her naked, anil beat her with tbe whip. Then ran away to her aunt's. Had told her aunt, Jane Bawden, what her father had done to her. Did not tell anyone of the offence before because her father threatened to kill her. Remembered her mother's death, which happened about four months ago. The first time her father committed the offence was on the Wednesday after her mother's death she having died on a Sunday. John Henry Bawden, aged 10 years, stated that he had seen his father and sister to- gether, and told his father that he should be ashamed if he were in his place. He did not hear his sister scream. Before he went went into the bedroom after his boots he was in the kitchen dressing Mary Jane Eilis, sister of prisoner, deposed to complainant having come to her place on Thursday fortnight, about 9 o'clock in the evening. She said her father had ordered her to bed and threatened to beat her with the horse whip and that she would not live with him any longer. The next day she told witness of the offence which her father committed. All witness did was to keep the girl away from her father and did not inform the police. By prisoner — Never gave the girl money to tempt her away from you. Police Constable Harris deposed to the arrest of the prisoner, who said that he was innocent. Prisoner, who made no statement, was committed to take bis trial at the next session of the Supreme Court. MANSLAUGHTER. W. H. Wilkinson was charged with feloniously killing and slaying one William Henry Murnane, near Arthurton, on the 20th day of November, 1878. Mr. Cox for defendant. Margaret Murnane deposed to having seen her son William Henry at one o'clock on the 20th of November. He had been carting hay. He was in good health and spirits at the time. He left the house to go and see whether a fire that was burning was likely to come on the farm. Did not see him any more until she saw his remains at the publichouse on the evening of the same day. She recognised the buckles on his trousers, and the buttons on his shirts. By Mr Cox—My son did not suffer from heart -disease. He had not applied to be- come a member of any Life Assurance Society, to my knowledge. About eight or nine months ago he was under the doctor's care, and was tieated for pains in the chest. I never heard that he had undergone a medical examination. Did not tell Mrs. Winzer and Miss Winzer that my son had been suffering from heart-disease on the day of his death. H. J. Beck about eight o'clock on the morning of the 20th. It was small, and was in a westerly direction. It appeared to be about ten chains south-east of Mr. Wilkinson'e farm on some scrubby land. In about half-an-hour he saw another tire, which appeared to be ab »ut ten chains north of the foimero.ie. d at about tbe same distance from Mr. Wilkinson's place. They were two distinct fi;es. The wind was blowing from tbe northwest. and was not strong when the fire fi«--t broke out. Whilst the wind was blowing in that direction no damage would be done to property at Kalkabury. but the fire would liave travel ed towards Maitland. The wind changed about one o'clock, and the fire came in the direct on of Kaikaburv. Saw the body of deceased lying on the ground in the scrub, with its head towards the east. By Mr, Cox—The two fires met before they came into Kalkabury. Could not swear that the fire started outside of Mr. Wiikinson's fence, as tbe scrub hid it from view. W. Wilson deposed to having been grubbing on Mr. Barnes's section on the 20th November. About 10 o'clock he saw smoke coming from what he thought was the limestone hill, which wasea-a from where he was. He went towards the fire, which he then discovered was coming from the direction of Mr. Wilkinson's paddock, and about fifty yards from the fence. There was no fire outside the fence at that time. There was no other person present. It was ab ut half a mi!« from M,-. Wilkinson's h use, wlrch was lo the windward, rle cut down a bush, an 1 tried to stop it from crossing the road, but did not succeed in doing as it caught in two or three places. The wind changed eventually to the south-west, and continued blowing from that direction all the afternoon ; and the fire spread rapidly. Mr. Wilkinson came to the fire afterwards, but it was n w so strong that no one conld get near it. He wanted assistance to try and put the fire out. It was travelling towards Mait'a'nd. It wa< impossible that his men arid boys could have lit the fire. By Mr, Cox—("he road between Wilkinson's paddoek ami the si-rub would be better than the ploughed furrows usually used for the pur- pose of keening fires within bounds. Did not see two fires that day. Didn't seehow the fire could have originated out-ide Mr. Wilkinson's paddock. The day was very hot. A. McPherson deposed that he was fencing around a haystack on Mr. Barnes's farm, near the Kalkabury rail on the 20 h November. Saw smoke, and thou rht it came from the south-east corner of Wilkinson's paddock. It gradual'y increased. Saw Mr. Wilkinson about t welve o'clock. He and his sons came around t > «-ee if the fire had done any dama e. T' time was uncontrollable. Was not aware that any notice was served that th- fire vrr-uld be lit on that day. By vr ri in . , ' I Mr. Cox—Could not say exactly where the , fire originated Richard Moreland deposed to having been engaged in raising stone on Mr. Barnes's farm on the 20th November. He smelt fire at about eight or nine o'clock in the morning, and later in the forenoon saw clouds of smoke, and eventually the fire came over the hill and drove I im from his work. When he first saw the fire he thought it came from Mr. iVilkinsun's paddock or the Government land adjoining. By Mr. Cox—Was not in the habit of passing by Mr. Wilkinson's before the fire. H. Beck, a lad of 14 or 15, deposed to having seen the fire coming towards Ktlknbury on the 20th November. Saw the body that was burned in the fire, but could not ide tify it except by the height. By Mr. C is ^aw what, appeared to be thr-e fires on that dav. Was about nine miles away- W. H. Wilkinson, ^on of defendant, deposed that on the 20t.h November he was in the house baking. Knew there was a fire on the land about half-past 10 o'clock. Saw bis father at bre kfast. bnt did not hear him say what he intended ti do. He left the hou e, but he (witness) did not know what he was doing. Never heard his father speak of 1he fire until after it occurred. He then said the e was a fire, and be was going down to it. Witness and his brother Frank went down lo the fire. Previous to the fhe heard his father say he might try and burn their scrub after harvest. That was before the bush fire notices were issued. Did not think he had heard his father say that he was sorry that be bad set tbe fire alight. Knew b it.li the yonng Becks. Saw Herb :rt Beck on the morning after the fire. Never told him that father lit the fire at the four corners of the paddock to burn it out. Said they nrere going to burn it; after harvest, as father could not be bothered with it any longer. Beck did not ask witness to go up to see the body of young Murnane, because they would be asking him questions. He had been told what to say that morning—it was to tell the truth, and nothing but the truth. Did not know who lit the fire. When he saw the trooper on the day after the inquest told him that be might have told Beck m >rethan he knew. Cross- examined by Mr. Cox—His father told him to tell tbe truth regardless of con- eqnences. Had done so. Did not hear his father say he would not be bothered with the scrub any longer-. If the fire had b en lit in the four corners it might have set the crop alight if the wind had changed. Frank Wilkinson, a young lad of an intelligent appearance, deposed—Was at home on the day of 'he fire. Father breakfasted with me. Nothing was said about a fire at break fast. First saw one when out hunting for bullocks. The fire was in my father's section. Dun't know where father was at that time, but saw him afterwards. Told him I saw a fire. Father said—" I don't think it will hurt much unless it ctosses the Kalkabury road." We went and ploughed around a piece of land, and then went to see where the fire was. It was then in Mr. Barnes's paddock. Have not beard who set fire to the paddock, neither do I know who did so. Did not do so myse'f. By the Court—When I told father about the fire he did not attempt to put it out for a while. ToM the trooper I heard father say he was sorry the fire spread to Kalkabury. It was haif-an-hour after I told tather t.f the fire that he went to see about it. Wben I first saw the fire it was nearly in the middle of tbe scrub. By Mr. Cox—Was told to tell the truth, and had done so. When father went down to see tbtt fire, it had extended too far to enable ittoba put out. Wesley Wilkinson, son of defendant* deposed—Was in our paddock cocking hay on the morning of Nov. 20tb. Am certain father was not in the paddocki before break* fast. Saw tbe fire after breakfast, but did not sec anyone try to put it out. The wind was blowing from where we were cocking hay to tbe fire. Was about half-a-mile dis* tant from tbe fire and tbe wheat was about 800 yards from it. Did not know, and had not beard, who set the scrub on fin*. Edward Buik, farmer, Arthurton, stated— On the 20ih ultimo saw a bush- fire at Weetultee. It came towards Kalkabury. After I saw the fire I went to look for the de I X found IUU..U tbe tut; body about six and a-half chains from our corner; it was between two mallees, in a " running" position. The clothes were burnt, and tha scrub around him was also burnt. The death, of Murnane was caused by the fire. The fiiQ progressed ve:y rapidly (faster than anyone could run) after it began to burn. Tbe dead bodies of seven kangaroos were lying close to tbe deceased. He was a healthy young man, and a runner, and I never beard him complain of heart-disease. By Mr. Cox—Knew that tbe fire c 'me from Mr Wilkinson's property, because it seemed as if some one was lighting it there. Was about six and a-half miles distant from his place at the time, and was standing on high ground. It was aboafc half-past nine o'clock when I first saw the fire. Richard Tripiett, farmer, Kalkabury, said — Had conversation with defendant abenfe three months ago, and he said he bad game thoughts of setting the scrub on fiie in April or May, when everything was safe. The remainder of the evidence was of an irrelevant nature. S. H, Rowe, agent, Moonta, was called, but Ua evidence threw no light upon the case. William Tossell, roadmau, stated that on the 20t i November he was on the Maifc* land road, and saw a fire on the range. Neither himself or any of his men were workgot within seven miles of the fire, and therefore could not have caused it. Police-Trooper Orr deposed—On the night of 20th ult, received a telegram from Maitiand, and acting upon the information conveyed therein proceeded next morning to Kalkabury. Was at the inquest upon the fiie. Defendant was also there, and upon being asked by witness whether he caused the fire, be declined to answer, as he " wai not compelled io criminate himself." By Mr. Cor—Wilkinson said, ,c afLOst certainly do not kn >w bow the fire originated," bat previouslv he askcii me >< Ciin 18peak to you in confidence ?" Answered " No. " Afterwards asked him where the fire originated, and he said, " Down there in my paddock." This c osed the case for ttie prosecution. Defendant, upon being cautioned in the usual manner, »aid—" I am not guilty." The Magistrate said that he felt bound to commit tbe defendant for trial, as his statement respecting his not being compel- led to criminate himself led to the inference that if he did say anything he would crimij n»te himself. Besides, an amount of carteasness that could not be iightly passed over seemed to have been shown by defendant. The defendant was then committed for trial at the next criminal sittings of the Supreme Court. Bail was allowed — defendant in £50, and two sureties of £25 each. THH steamer James Comrie, which has been built for the trade between Port Adelaide and Edithburgh, made a satisfactory trial trip on Saturday afternoon. A PROMENADE CONCERT at the Institute is to form one of the principal engagements at Moonta during the holidays. A Christmas tree and a lavish distribution ot pre- sents are announced-««all prize*, and no ^anka „ ^ manifo]d ^uctton. will no doubt secure a large attendance, and thnt the eff iirts of Mr. Guest, the enterprising provider, will be rewarded. THE Adelaide correspondent of the Jamestown Review is rather rough on our junior M .P., iVr. Hare. We quote :—"Mr. Hare, who has been invalided for some time, but who, though he has lost in some respects, has by no means lost his elegant mode of expressing himself, was asked by a gentleman on the Flags the other day if it were true that he was about to retire in favor of Mr, Colton. "No," he replied, "and Mr. Colton may proceed to perdition if he likes." Tbe questioner was repeating the answer to a wellknown joker on the Flags a few minutes later. ''Ah," said the other, "well, that it Hare's own district, isn't it ?*' THE Union correspondent of the Northcm Territory Times is sarcastic at the exoi-nse of Mr. Justice Boucaut. He writes :— «' On the receipt a telegram that the Hon. J. P. Boucaut had been raised to the Supreme Couit Bench a bonfire was immediately lighted on the big hill, and other illuminations prove 1 the unmistakable delight of the Territori ms at the elevation of the Minister. I'hey compliment him on his retiring from Parliam nt, an-! hope that something may now be done for the country." THE latest intelligence respecting tbe Sydney seamen's strike is that the efforts of certain influential persons to effect a termina* tion of the strike are progressing satisfactorily. A private meeting of the shareholders of the A.S.N. Company has been convened, and if the negotiations fail it is understood that the matter will be submitted to Sir John Robertson and Sir John Hay, the parties to agree to abide by their decision. Hopes are entertained that this will be an amicaWe intervention, and restore the trade, which is now most materially suffering in the absence of suitable vessels for charter in placc of tbe Company's abandoned boats. THE friends of Mr. Cratchett, Town Clerk of Moonta. will regret to learn that a serious accident has befallen him. On Thursday evening last he was driving, with four friends, in a buggy down the Willunga hill when the skid broke, and the horses ran into a fence. The buggy was capsized, and the occupants thrown out on the road. Mr. Cratchett was the most seriously injured, and has been unconscious since the accident; Mrs. Cratchett was much shaken, bat tbe other persons escaped with a few bruises, Mr. Cratchett, junr., having received a telegram from Willunga. left Moonta on Saturday morning to proceed thither. The proceedings at the Moonta Police Court on Monday were of unusual interest The first case was one in which a man named Bawden, residing at Moonta, was charged with committing a most heinous offence. The evidence adduced was of a revolting nature (probably without a parallel in the records of the Moonta Court), and the prisoner was committed for trial at the next criminal sittings of the Supreme Court. Mr. Wilkinson, of Weetulta, was charged with manslaughter, in connection with tbe fire which recently occurred at Kalkabury, and which had such disastrous results. A great deal of interest was taken in this case, and a number of farmers residing in the Kalka- bury district were present. Fourteen witnesses were examined, and Hr.Wilkinson was committed for trial. 