NEWS OF THE OAY. Mr Berry left town early this morning for Geclong, where he ialendB spending a day or two. There was therefore no Cabinet meet ing, nor was any steps taken to carry int-- effect the resolutions passed by the Assembly last night. In the Insolvency Court to-day, Mr Sydney Moore, formerly a clerk in tho Mining department, and who filed his schedule about threo years ago, applied in person tu Judge Noel for an unconditional certificate of disoharge. Tho reason given for the insolvent being unable to pay 7s in the £ was that during the present political orisis he was dismissed from the Govornmont service. His Honor was of opinion that there were not Buffioient facts disclosed to warrant the nsual dividend being dispensed with, and therefore refused the applica tion. The steamship Ohimborazo, of tho Orion t line, may be expected to bo heard of at Adelaide any honr. The vobsoI left Plymouth on the 25th January, consequently she haB now been forty-two days on tho passago. She will bring seven days' later papers than received by the last mail, The half-holiday movement in St, Kilda appears to be a success. Most of the leading shops now display notices to the effect that in future they will olose on Thursday afterr noons. The Somersetshire, steamship, after dis charging her inward cargo, is rapidly filling np for the homeward journey, ' She has already taken in euffieient coals, and a deal of freight room has been engaged. Passen ger accommodation in all classes is very complete, and a number of berths are already engaged, The vessel goes home by way of the Suez Canal, and Ieqves this port punctually on the 20th of the present month. Some malicious persons have daring the last week poisoned' threo valuable mares,-, worth in the aggregate £700, the property of Mr Anthony Watson, a farmer at LauriBton, near Kyneton. The mares had been grazing in'a paddock along with nine other horses which, however, wero of less value than the poisoned animals, whose pedigree was first class. A -number of cattle wore also in the same paddock with the horses, A post-mortem examination disclosed ' tho fact that the mares had died from poison. The supposition, therefore, ia that tho animals havo been maliciously poisouod by some person possessing a grudge against Mr Watson. We are glad to learn that Mr W. Saurin Lyater is sufficiently recovered to be removed from Sorrento to St. Ktlda, Mr Lyater is in . a very weak state, howevor. Yesterday morning a Mr Everist observed a woman whose conduct proclaimed her ti be a lunatic in Barbara road, Hawthorn. 8 lie was perfectly destitute of clothing, with the exception of a chemise, und a piece of bagging around her shoulders. Mr Everist stopped the woman, who told him she was goiug home, but she refused to state where she resided. She thon went towards Prospect Hill, where she was again lost sight of. The woman was described as about thirty years of ago, with dark hair. Housebreakers are Btill carrying on their operations at North Oarlton. Yesterday afternoon the premises of James Boyle, commercial traveller, residing at No. 6 Leo street, North Oarlton, were broken into, entrance being effected. through the kitchen window, and jewellory and other property, to the value of £13, was stolon, The only business ocoupying Ihe attention of the presiding magistrates at Wiiliamstowu this morning was several parents being sum moned for not sending tbeir children to school the required number of days iu the poBt quarter, In most caseB the ordinary fine was inflicted, Mr J, Rider, truant inspector, conduoted the cases; MrJ, M, Ghristio, tho Ohampion Scalier, entertained the Sydney and Viotorian Orews and tbeir friends at his European Hotel last evening. The bauquet was superbly ; furnished, the table being tastefully de corated with flowers and other ornaments, After tho good choor had been thoroughly' discussed, Mr Christie proposed the toast of tbo Sydney Grew, in which he complimented them upon tho plucky matsnor in whisk they had rowed therace, Mr Hall, the captain of the Mercantile Rowing Olub, responded, and expressed the hopo that when the two colonies again mot iu Sydney, tho tables would be turned. The Victorian Grew, The Press, and other touBts, were duly honored; ' nB also that of the Host and HoBtcsB, The two crews th- n adjourned to tha theatre, to which tboy had been invited by the manage ment. A person giving his name as John Walker called on tho Pleasant Greek News on Wed nesday evening, and desired to make a state ment in reference to the lunatie dross ivall, who Ib at present an iumate ot the Parrn- matt a ABylum, and deelarad by some parties to bo the voritablo Arthur Orton, Wulkor Btatc s that in or about 1837 be was a saddlor and auctioneer, carrying on business at Tumut, New South Wales, Opposite to bis placo of business wbb tho Bhop of a butcher named Macs namara, in whosa employ this Oresswell was for somo timo. Ho (Oresswell) was always considered of peculiar habits, and Macnamara having Buocumbed to business complications, Oresswell became a groom in a hotel conducted in tho same plaoo by a Mr Robert Dare. Wbilo so engaged, ho exhibited marked symptoms ot insanity, and on one occasion in the course ot some dis pute with an apprentice of Mr Walker, he stubbed tho !»d with ft knife. Ho also presented hioifndf iu the publi.) street 111 h semi-nude condhioDi and altogether ob tinned, owiug to bis eccentric coaduefr, the reputation of being & perfect lunatic. A sergeant of tbo police, BfMHud Taint, having bad his attontion directed lo Oresawell's proceedings, took aotiun in the matter, and deemed it his duty to havo him placed undor restraiut. Ho accordingly appliod to Walker, who was supposed to know something of the man, and tho resull was that the sup posed lunatic was apprehended, and brought before the local police magistrate, a Mr Vyner. Mr Walker stntes that Orosi- well hail forwarded him several Iottors written in French, which seemed rather to complicate matters, ns lie described himself as thorenl Sir Roger Tichbeurne. Thoso letters wore produced at tho police court examination, aud tha result was that Oress well was committed as a lunatic to the Gundngai gaol for three mouths. When re leased, it would appear that ho so conducted himself that he was again apprehended and 6ent to tho Paramatta Asylum, whore ho has remuincd up to the present timo. Tho Bullarat Star observes It is verj generally acknowledged that the laud taxff haa not turned out tu be so brilliaot an act of statemanship »B somo of its first fond admirers hoped, not only in the way of not bringing in so much money aB was ex pected, but also from tha faot that it has lowered the value of land. But recently a cneo camo under our noliee, in whiok some land had depreciated £1 an acre in consequence of there being so bad n market for it, and many of tho large land: holders would no doubt gladly remove all thoir capital, uuder oxisting circumstances here', to Home less burdened country, but that tliu homeB and associations, formed in some cases perhaps a quarter of a century ago, are. so strong as to bind them here. The classification of land out about Skipton has given riso to a good deal of dissatisfaction, and vre understand that several -gentlemen holding large areas in that neighborhood are about to appeal against thoir assess ments. Tho Geelong Advertiser states that Mr J. H, Oonnor ia shortly to be the ruoipient of a handsome toa nnd coffee sorvico, which ia to be presented to him by the inhabitants of C'oluo, Birrogurra, and Winohoisea, in recognition of the services he has rendered to the diBtriot in times gene by. Tho presen tation will bo made: altogether apart from political considerations, as the subscribers to the teBtimoninl represent persons of nil shades of opinion, The Hamilton Spectator states that a welcome change sot in early on Wednesday morning, when rain fell. This was indeed fortnnate, as on the previous night bush-fires could be Been in all directions, aud had the hot dry weather continued a great extent of country would have been burnt, A brilliant meteor (says tho Observer) appeared in the sky, over Tamworth, on Snnday last. About half an hoar before snndown, an nnusnal light appeared in the north-west ; to people walking and looking on tbo ground it was like tbe sun's rays reflected ou a moving glass door, and so vory bright as to immediately attract attention. Tbe meteor, to the eye, appeared to be a round disc of magneBinm light, six inches across tho surface, travelling very slowly eastwards, and leaving in its trail a train of pale green light, So slow was its passage, that, when passing behind a hoavy bank of cloud, one might have thought it had dis appeared altogether; but it came forth again even brighter than before, and finally went down behind the mnuntaios. A scientific friend, who happened to bo somo distance out of town, informs ub that he saw the meteor coming from the direction of Tam worth; nnd watched it rapidly increasing in splendour while slowly approaching tho earth, and that at last it struck in ono of the gullies far away beyond tbo Wentworth Mounds, nnd so committed " acrolitic suit cide. A rather good story comes to ns from tho telegraph office (says the Hay Standard), Somo little time . since an old lady was anxious to send a telegram to her son in Mclbuurno, but at the same tlmo she did not cure about letting nny one know the purport of the message, Mr Murray, the operator, : took tho telegram, and in hiB usnal quiet manner, was about unfolding it for tho purposo of seeiug what tho charges would be upon it. On seoing hln do this the old lady made a snatch at . it, and indignantly informed him that if ho could not seed it withont rending it she would not allow it to go. - Mr Murray at once admitted the im possibility of doing thiB, and she walked away satisfied in her own mind that the uses of telegraphs were not much when a message could not bo forwarded without strangers perusing the contents, The Ballarat Courier understands that Mr Thomas Rrookman, late, an engineer at the Barkstead saw-mills, has been left an interest in a largo property in England, valued at £150,000, The estate has been bequeathed to a maiden-Bant during her lifetime, and at her death tbe whole property is to revert to MrBrookman and hiB brothers. Each of tho Brookmans, however, will receive £1500 at odco under the testator's will. The testator, the news of whose death reaohed this colony by the lost mail, was ancle to the Brooki mans. A licensed victualler at Liverpool, as we learn from the Pall Mall Gazette, haa aent the following letter to Mr Raffles, the stipendiary magistrate in that town " Enclosed please find Is 8d for the police- court poor-box, obtuioed under the following circumstances :...A boy, ten or oleven years of ngc, came into my hones last Snnday for a shilling's worth of rum. Ho also tendered a penny for the bottle, I asked who it was for, und ho said his mother, I told him to go for her, and be said she was ill. I then said he most bring bis father, (I doubted him as ho colored very much.) He murmured a great deal and I asked a person present to go for a policeman. He then ran away as hard as lie could. On Ohristtiias Day an other boy came In aud asked for sixpenny- worth of rum, also putting down a penny for Ihe bottle, He said it was for a woman who was outside i In each case tho money was put down on the counter first, and seven rnl boys stood at the corner of the street waiting for the boyB who wished to buy tho liquor. This shown how easily we licensed victuallers may get a bad namo through these lads." MrL. M . Baylcss, the active and courteous lessee nnd manager of tho new Princess's Theatre, has resumed his duties, after a week's severe indisposition. ' Mr R. 8. Smyth, manager for tho Rev. Oharles Olarko, left to-day for Sydney, whore the popular lecturer will give a scries of lec ture entertainments as soon as he arrives from New Zealand, which for six-months has proved a most profitable field for him, About Easter Mr Glarko will make his re-appearanco iu Melbourne. Mr R, Dorsay Ogdon, who has made him self so popn'.nr at tho Princess ThiiwS® will take a bonofit to night, and will appear in bis sncceestui ohnrncter of Badger;, in tho society piece entitled Tho Streets- of New York. 