THE FIRES m THE HILLS* FURTHER PARTICULARS. The picturesque little township of Hahndorf has escaped the ravages of the fire which has been threatening it for the last three days, but many of the farmers and settlers who live on its outskirts have had losses which are more or less severe in the shape of miles of fencing, tons of timber and bark, besides feed, such as it was. None of the sufferers can give a fair estimate of the damage, because it is not easy to determine the value of the peculiar property they have lost. Some of them say that every panel of fencing will cost three shillings to replace; and in one spot so rapid was the effect of the fire that seventeen panels were swept away in less than five minutes. The .flames when the fire reached its height on January 30 were often seen to catch the high grass and dry leaves, sometimes coming along iin a wall many feet high, keeping all hands on the qui wve to meet it, as it frequently happened that a sadden eddy of wind caused by the intense heat sent sparks like rifle-shots twenty or thirty yards ahead, igniting a fresh place where least expected. The hollow trees standing, red hot inside and out, acted like furnace thimneys, a strong draught through them carrying sparks and burning cinders high in the still air to fall yards away. On Thursday morning most of the flames were got under, relays of men and youths having been up all night to prevent further outbreaks. Hahndorf has special advantages for a bushfire to take hold of. It is a plentifully populated township about a mile in length- composed of stone and wooden houses, many of them thatched and dry as tinder. In common with most townships of the kind in the hills it stands in the heart of the virgin forest, with here and there a clearing on its outskirts, but with tons upon tons of dead timber lying in some cases almost at the farmers' doors, and more often not 200 yards away acres of dead leaves and dry rank grass lie on every side. There is a treacherous element about bush fires that makes them doubly hazardous, as in the case of the late one at Hahndorf. After all danger has apparently passed and the fire put out it may remain harmless for a week or more till the people are lulled into false security, but suddenly some stump that has been secretly smouldering smokeless will burst into a blaze under a shift of wind,. send its sparks flying into a tuft of grass, and in a few minutes the whole hill or gully is like a furnace. The gullies act like funnels, sending gusts of wind from unexpected points to help in the general mischief. Hahndorf had all these evils to contend against, and it was only the extraordinary promptitude, courage, and endurance of the men who flocked to the scene. to meet the common enemy that saved the place. .The township looked quite deserted— even the children being out helping the beaters. Hahndorf has not been in such peril from fire for 20 or 30 years, and it naturally created excitement. The most extraordinary rumours •were afloat as to the utter destruction of the place, tlie loss of life, and other exaggerations. Frederickstadt, which is another German town- Ship lying to the eastward of Hahndorf, would' have fared worse if the fire had reached it, as fields of highj grass and tons of dry or rotten timber lie right in the track of the flames, and some of the farmers say it would have been utterly impossible to stop them. The loss of the bark burnt is serious, as it will take several years to renew the supply, and it is valued at about £10 per ton, many of the settlers making good incomes out of the sales. An alarm was raised on the afternoon of Thursday that Grunthal, a township on the IVoodside-road, was threatened; but it turned out to be unfounded, the fire winch caused the rumour being some distance behind it amongst the hills and in the scrub, where it was confined. Fires seemed to be all round. One had been burning on the gold reserve at Echunga; another broke out near Crafers endangering Mr. W. Castle's property, in fact destroying some fruit trees and fencing, but it was put out before doing much mischief. The country near the tenth milepost on the Adelaide and Mount Barker road was also burnt to some extent, but prompt measures prevented the flames from spreading. On Mrs. Homersham's property, near the Eagle-on-the-TTi 11, the fire which swept the hills and gullies last week, and was thought to have been quenched, broke out again early ou Thursday morning. Some labourers, however, saw it in time and stayed its progress. A fire was raging in the scrubby hills near the Greenhill-road, but from all accounts had not done much damage except to fencing and timber. There is every reason to believe that •the worst of the bush fires is over, and on Thursday night there were signs of a change in the weather. No reliable evidence of the origin of the bush fire which threatened Hahndorf has been obtained, but it is set down to unprincipled persons, who wish to reap the benefit of the tons of charcoal which would accumulate all over its track. The fire along the range bordering the road from Adelaide to Echunga is attributed to a swagman's revenge for being refused work. Several mounted troopers have been sent to the various places visited by the fire, and are seeking evidence. 