NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. » A Freemasons' lodge has been established at Port Macquarie. The late Mr. James Fitzpatrick, of Bathurst, left £1000 legacy to the Catholic College in that city. ' A newcopper mine has been opened at Limerick, supposed to lie a continuation of the Peelwood Alexander M'Donald has been committed for trial at Deniliquin on a chaise of arson, for having burnt down a tent. Harry Spencer, a miner working in the Log Paddock, near Mudgee, dropped dead suddenly while washing a dish ol dirt. The Duke G.M. Co., Kangaroo Ground, South Gundagaij have iust finished crushing 11 tons of stone, which yielded 22ozs. 16dwts. Berrima coal has been tried at Messrs. Bartlett and Oddy's brewery, atGoulburn, and pronounced equal to the Bowenfels coal. Mr. Preston, of Forbes, who has recently perfected a machine for turning wheel spokes, on an entirely new principle, has received an order from an Adelaide firm for fifty thousand spokes. Mr. King, Inspector of Public Charities, was in Yass last week, for the purpose of endeavoring to find suitable premises for a Destitute Asylum for that district. A carrier, named Samuel Pearcell, had a waggon loaded with four tons of wool pass oyer his foot, while driving a team near Yass. His foot was completely smashed, but he is now progressing favorably. A Frenchman writes to the metropolitan press drawing attention to the urgent need of action to prevent the influx of French criminals from New Caledonia, and argues that their arrival causes real danger to life and property. It is reported that many sharpers going about the country are taking advantage of the shearing season, when squatters are paying numerous cheques to their employees, to commit forgeries for paltry amounts. I recently met (says a Melbourne correspondent) a grave but gentlemanly fellow, formerly a bank clerk in Sydney, who came to Melbourne thinking he could obtain employment here, and BO get the benefit of a change. He was not unsuccessful, for I saw him recently driving a hearse. The immigrant ship Hereford arrived in Port Jackson on the 6th, and, besides bringing 4C8 immigrants, has on board the long and anxiouslylooked for statue of Captain Cook. The ceremony of unveiling the statue will, it is understood, be performed on the next Anniversary Day. At the Shoalhaven District Court, Dr. Brereton sued Charles Isaac Watson, Proprietor of the Shoalhaven News, for libel, damages being laid at £•200, and after the pleadings had been opened the case was decided l\y his Honor under agreement on both sides. The defendant was adjudged to pay all costs of the action, including the expenses of ten witnesses. Hicken, the Melbourne pugilist, has been matched against Foley, the Sydney man, for a regular prize tight for £250 a-side. £100 a-side has been paid down. James Wilson, the wellknown trainer, backs Hicken, and wants to make the match £1000 a-side. Jeui Mace backs Foley, and will support him with all he's got. The date is not fixed. On Wednesday (6ays the Burrangong Chronicle) as Cobb and Co.'s coach was proceeding along the road towards Grenfell, the driver, George Miller, became a little uneasy at finding the smell ol' smoke about He at once instituted inquiries, and ascertained that portion of the luggage had caught fire in some way or other. It would have been rather an awkward matter had the discovery not been so promptly made. The Yass Borough Council has insulted the Fass Courier, and the result is that the proceedings of that body are reported in full. Among other occurrences at the last meeting, we learn that an alderman said he would " dust another alderman's jacketanother alderman went to sleep; another alderman hinted that he would " chuck somebody else out of the window," &c.; Mr. Greenfeld, photographer, of George-street, brought to our (S. M. Herald) office on Wednesday week, a peculiar little instrument which he imported from Paris, and by which he is enabled to take photographs without the sitter being aware of the actual time when the picture is taken. Mons. Cadet, of Paris, is the inventor of this little instrument, which may be fixed on to any lens. It works on pneumatic principles. The operator merely presses an air-ball, and the instrument is set going. There has been a great row in the municipal council at Wollongong, which has resulted in a division of the properties. At present the mayor and town clerk, having in their possession the minute book, occupy a room on one side of the street, and the rest of the aldermen, having in their possession the remaining books, furniture, and free library books belonging to the council, are located iu a room on the opposite side of the way. Meanwhile the affairs of the municipality are completely neglected. The following, singular paragraph appears in the Yass Courier :—On dit, that the mayor of Yass intends at the municipal meeting to-day, if a quorum can be secured, to rehearse a grand speech, writtm by a lady, and committed to tnemory by the Mayor, in which he is to propose that the Yass Courier be publicly burnt by the common hangman, and that the amount required to defray the hangman's expenses* -be voted from the municipal funds. Should he fail.in carrying the vote, the mayor will beseech the council to permit him, in its flame, to perform the interesting ceremony. The show is open to the public by Act of Parliament. We hope the attendance will be large. The railway inquiry, parcel, and booking office, next to the General Post Office (says the Evening News) has now been open for a fortnight, and tne result is satisiactory. The public find it a great convenience to be able to leave their railway parcels, obtain information, and leave orders for trucks at this depOt. Three officers are employed at the new office, and the business is daily increasing as the facilities or the office become more generally known. It is only intended to use the present site until the thoroughfare irom George to Pitt-street can be opened, when it will be removed to the most suitable available position that can be found iu the city. So far as can be ascertained, the volunteers of the metropolis are very cool about the new system under which they are invited to enrol, for up to the present time only a very small proportion have offered to serve. The principal objection seems to be increased stringency of the new regulations, which appear to require greater sacrifices of time on the part of the men than the old regulations, the object being, of course, to obtain increased efficiency and discipline. The altered maximum age also acts prejudically. In the country districts the regulations are not so strongly objected to,and enrolment is going on satisfactorily in various places, the reason being, doubtless, that country volunteers have more time at their disposal than those iu the metropolis. The Tumid and AMowj Times, fully alive to the importance of working for the railway, says : —" The Government have promulgated their railway policy, and we are glad to see that they recognise the claim of these districts in so far as to propose the construction of a line from Cootamundra to Gundagai. Half the battle is therefore won. But lest our readers should be lulled into a false security by the promise held forth, we remind them that at the present time railway extension in this colony proceeds at the rate of one hundred miles per annum only. Unless, therefore, we press and persistently urge our title to earlv consideration, we shall still run the danger of bringing up the heel of the hunt and having our share of railway extension deferred until all the more energetic localities are satisfied. The Grafton paper of Saturday last says :—'The lengthened 6pell of dry weather has broken, and there have been some liirlil showers in the vicinity of the town. Outside of the municipality there was verv heavy r.u'n last night. It is reported that the house at Mountain View, the property of Mr. David Laird, was completely gutted by fire last night. It was only partially insured, mostly in the Victorian Insurance Company. Bush-fires have been prevalent in the vicinity of the house for some days, but they had been quite subdued. The house has been untenanted for a considerable time, the proprietors having another house where they reside at some distance from the place destroyed. The house, which is built of stone, and the land on which it was built, was advertised as first prize in the Mountain View Estate Lottery. A case, in which an unusual amount of female bravery was displayed in bringing the offender to justice", came before the Water Police Court, Sydney. A larrikin named James Lacy, 19, was accused of using indecent language in Georgestreet. Two ladies were walking down the street last Monday, when the prisoner, whom they had never seen before, accosted them, using disgraceful and obscene language. They threatened to give him in charge of a policeman if he did not desist and go about his business. As he did not comply with the request, they laid their own hands on the offender and managed to hold him till Constable Murphy put iu an appearance and took the prisoner to tlie lock-up. The magistrates complimented the ladies on their bravery, which they rewarded by imposing on the prisoner the heaviest penalty the law would allow, viz., £5 or three months' imprisonment. The committee of the New' South Wales International Exhibition meet in London every Thursday ; but a serionB obstruction to their efforts has occurred in consequence of the independent action of the Agent-General, who has issued programmes, and declines to act with the committee. Sir Daniel Cooper and other members threatened to resign. The following is a list of the London committee :—London Committee (First List) : Sir Daniel Cooper, Bart. (Chairman) ; Sir John B. Darvall; Sir H. Watson Parker ; A. M'Arthur, Esq., M.P.; A. W. Young, Esq., ALP.; R, W. Cameron, Esq.; N. Chevalier, Esq.; Hyde Clarke, Esq. ; John Frazer, Esq. ; Edmund Johnson, Esq.; Edward Knox, Esq.; Donald Larnach, Esq.; Timothy Lark, Esq. ; F. Lassetter, Ei Edward Levy, Esq.; J. L. Montefiore, Esq.; A. Ogg, Esq.; Julian E. Salmon, Esq.; Alex. Stuart, Esq.; John B. Watt, Esq.—Edmnud Johnson, Hon. Secretary. The following telegram was received descriptive of the destruction of the Bathurst Hospital by fire :—The Bathurst hospital was accidentally burnt down to-day. The fire was first discovered in the roof, near the kitchen, about 3 o'clock. Efforts were made to subdue the flames, but they were fruitless, and within one hour the whole place was totally destroyed. The patients, twentyeight in number, where all got out uninjured, together with beds, bedding, and furniture; but the bedsteads and half of the medicines in the surgery were lost. The patients were removed to one end of the Market- building, where they will find accommodation until other provision is made. Mr. R. F. Cousins, president of the hospital, telegraphed to the Colonial Secretary for free passes for fourteen patients, who will be sent to the Sydney Infirmary. Tiie conflagration originated from the kitchen fire and got a through. The fire created great excitement, and hundreds of citizens visited the scene. Nothing but the bare walls are now standing. An inquest was held iu Darlinghurst gaol on the body of Thomas Jags, a stonemason, who died while confined in the prison for debt. From the evidence given by Michael Bohrke, one of the officials, and the gaol surgeon, Dr. O'Connor, it appears that deceased was received into the gaol on Monday, the Snd inst., under a warrant of ca. to,, issued by order of the District Court, for the sum of £15 7s. 2d. At the time of his admission he was very ill, and was sent to the gaol hoBpitaL The deceased was first visited by Dr. O Connor on the morning after his admission, when he had the appearance and admitted to be Buffering from the effects of drink. Suitable nourishment and medicines were prescribed, but on the next day he became so violent that he had to be confined in the padded room. On rallying, he was again placed in the hospital, where he sank and died on the afternoon of the 6th inst, the cause of death being Bright's disease of the kidneys, accelerated by drink. The jury returned a verdict accordingly. Miss Ada Ward, during her last visit to England, delivered a lecture on Australia, and redelivered it on board the Garonne, comiug out to Adelaide. The lecture is rhapsodical in character, but the literary style is excellent, and altogether it is a very readable, though it must be confessed, slightly exaggerated, description of this sunny land of ours. Miss Ward will have it that Australia is a real Utopia, and that its boundless wealth is only one of the minor blessings which the public enjoy. "You will think," she says, " I am an enthusiast or a visionary, if I tell you that these blessings—the brightness, the wealth, the illimitable expanse of fairy land, and the glorious freedom enjoyed by dweller there—are but dross compared to another blessing which is theirs ; but such is the case. In no Utopia there reigns the indescribable, holy calm of religious liberty." Miss Ward's Utopia is not dull or commonplace either. She has seen no larger or hand- somer theatres, and the Melbourne races are second to none in tho world ; and altogether it is " such a country as Hafiz, or Moore, or Dr. Johnson, or no other writer of fiction, could picture." The Samoa Times states that " on Saturday, September 7, a large taumalua belonging to Fasitoouta either 6ank or swamped between Apolirna and Savaii, the whole crew of 33, with the exceptiou of two, losing their lives. From what we can learn it would seem that three large taumauluas (boats) belonging to Fasitoouta, left Manono for Palauli, Savaii, on the morning of Saturday, with a strong S.E. wind and heavy sea runniug. Two were being paddled, while the third weut under siil; the former reached Savaii iu safety, but the one under sail must have either capsized or sunk, nothing having since been heard of it or its crew. Of those lost some twenty were young men, the remainder women and children. The two who saved themselves—one of whom was Leau, a chief of Fasitoo—swam from the taumalue while close to Apolima, with the intention of getting another boat to take part of the crew and property. This boat he got, but although every effort was made, nothing could be discovered of the boat or its ill-fated crew. Since then boats from Monono, Ana, and Savaii have been searching the Straits, but unavailingly, and there can now be but little doubt but all have perished." A correspondent writes from Wagga:—In your issue of the 30th ult, you state, " the Junee people are appalled at the extravagance of choosing a route which will require two bridges." Permit me to inform you that this is an unfounded assertion. The line we advocated—the Wagga people—requires no bridges. It starts on the south side of the Murrumbidgee, and ends on the same side. There are no rivers to be crossed between South Wagga and South Hay, and no creeks, except one, the Yanko, over which a culvert is quite sufficient to carry the railway. It is a level plain from within a few miles of Wagga, to the township of Hay, presenting no engineering difficulties of any kind. Let the opponents of the route 6tate where are the bridges to be constructed. Another thing you will please allow me to correct, that is, that the Junee line may be cheaper. That it cannot be ; for its 24 miles longer. " Break faith with the Melbourne squatters," is a curious phrase. Who wants to keep faith with them, ana what promise has been made to them. None that I no ot, and none ought to be made to them. Along the route we advocate, there are two classes of &quatters;—one is wealthy and independent; the other having had large advances made to them by Melbourne firms, are forced to do the bidding of those firms. The last oppose our route to a man —the first advocate it. The runs ot the first are already secured—the runs of the second are open for selection. Is it not the interest of the towns —of all towns—to encourage settlement. Sydney should speak out on this matter. It is more to her interest to have the Wagga-Hay route made, than she now knows of, and if she permits herself to be bamboozled by a few selfish wool-broking firms and their puppets, she will do herself a grievous wrong. The following story is told by a correspondent of the Urania Gazette :—Some little time ago a sheep-drover was travelling sheep across the back country to Balranald, and being without a cook, was rather anxious to drop on a champion of the dishcloth. He didn't wait long before, much to his satisfaction, he was accosted by a gentlemanlylooking fellow, with a doubtful-looking drum, who gave him to understand that he was desirous of becoming a member ot the droving staff. " Can you do anything in the cooking line ?" queried the antiquated drover. The prodigal said he wasn't much of a cook, but if he (the drover) would put him on he would endeavour to give satisfaction. He succeeded. Whether he gave satisfaction or not does not transpire. But when they atrived at Balranald the lardy-dardy cook proposed that the drover should accompany him to an hotel and have a bit of dinner, after the bout of ill-fare they had on the roads. Prompted by curiosity, the drover assented, and therewith he and bis factotum adjourned to the best house in the town. It happened that when they reached the hotel that a Mr. , of that town), and who was famous for his stuttering abilities, was sitting in the best parlor, perusing a newspaper. As the two entered they were struck by a noise resembling the notes of a bull-frog; but which ultimately turned out to be the man in question, who was trying to say something like " Oh-o-o-o, there's other rooms for such fellows as you." " And pray, sir, who are you ?" quoth the hall-insulted wofc. "I-I-I-I'mMr. —-— "Then," said the amateur cook, bowing. "I'm Lord Phipps, your reverence." Then (it is a positive fact), that imperious old autocrat fell down before him, like a she-gorilla, whining, and begging in his stuttering way to be excused. Then they drank wine together. The Lord Henry Russell Phipps, who lately married Miss Caroline Norma Teitch-Hay, is the same. j 