It ; is a yery gratlfyirig piece of inteJligeace to learn that the leader of the Opposition has at length thought proper to break silence, because, but for mis assurance, one might be much disposed to question whether the Opposition bad got any leader at ail. For a considerable period of time that small party of miscellaneous members which sits at the Speaker's left band, and which by \- courtesy, we snppoee, most be called an Opposition, has been in the very disagree able predicament of having no leader at all. It was a party of the kind which oatnralists term " acephalous," or wanting a head. Indeed, one might go the length \- of asserting that it was not alone heudleaa but tailless, and without any body to sig nify. Taken altogether, it was a mighty email organism, and above all things else, it was flabby and disjointed — as one may say, a party In the gristle. Men of science tell ne that the' living tftdy in its course of development from the original germ passes through a great variety of phases ; being for eome time like a fish, then like a bird, then like a reptile, then like a tailed quad- raped, and, lastly, . taking the perfect form of man. Now, a political party — especially if it be an Opposition — passes in the process of formation through almost as many changes. At least the present Opposition has certainly done bo. One can see the actual course of the development with one's eyes. There was the fish (or fishy) stage, when it was im possible to discern clearly whether there was any life in the party at all. After a time the. reptilian stage was reached, and the party. began to crawl about a little; bot still very feeble, and very heterogeneous in its aspect. By-and-by it took on the quadrupedal appearance, and & tail of some kind became visible ; although the head was etiU absent. At length we learn that ithas readied the final (or acephalous) stage, and the head actually makes its presence seen. It is, therefore, one entire and perfect party now. To be sore, it is insignificant in point of size, as we have already said ; bat at least it is fully organised. And that it has got a head is very certain, for the head has opened its month and spoken. This is a remarkable dreams tance — so remarkable that the won der stopB at that point. One does not care at nll to learn what it was the head really said when it opened its month. Doubtless its words were few and oracular, like the celebrated utterance of Friar Bacon's brazen head, or like the responses of the Delphic orade. There is something awe- inspiring in the announcement that it "broke silence." But why the silence ? — one is indined to ask — and wherefore the necessity of breaking it at all? Surely all this solemnity of language is not needful to tell the world that Mr Duncan Gillies has de livered himself of a speech at Echuca,oreome other little country town. Was it the silence of the eolitudee of the Murray banks that the hoa. member for Rodney broke, we should like to know ? And if so, wherefore did' Mr Duncan : Gillies allow that silence to remain unbroken for so long a time? He is member for the' district, and it is as open to bun as to any other member of the Assembly' to call his constituents together whenever he pleases, for the purpose of giving them; his .views of the existing condition of public 'affaire. Why Aid he not do. so before?. IfVhy not at the very beginning of tthe dead- ; dock Eas wail as at the --end ofMt? -'There! was not the least reason in the " worid why ' Mr dpncan GILLHB8 should not have gone «p to the river-eide village any tism these: of weeks bacfcJAnd'defi vfefeS hiimseif to hie i heart's content on' afav aad teveiy inddent oftfee crisis. Break tefiiaee, indeed I, . As if the wordspfthe hou. member for Rodney were as predous as pig diamonds, and Hie did,#aBh6n:;jtelwaiii inawful expecta tion. for the priceless jewels to drop 'from Jw6tM|hink, jorettf the language in avfiichRie announcement of this moet trifling «od common-place occurrence is given forth, that the whole course of events in this conntiy was about to he turned in a words of theSecretiuy of State r'botjbless iJWM . .TASALLta 1 Gillies, of ail people in the world. When the hon. member for Rodney appears upon the scene, and chooses to break silence, . then 'certainly it is what the Americans would term a "caution to snakes.". But now, in all seriousness, what was it that calls for the slightest passing notice, or that is at all worthy of an answer, thathe him. gentleman said in this -speech at 'Rctmica, 1 over which there has beeD so much trumpet- blowing in the Opposition journals? The reply is, simply nothing at ail — nothing that bad hot been 4®Sd "fifty Hme9bt!fore'&lah;, many cases a great, deal better than, Mr Duncan Gillies said them. He iiefdy " Yephated, for the fifty-first needleteff'time? the old' story of the constitutional right bf the Upper House to reject money tills, and throw out the Appropriation Bill whenever it pleases to take that perverse course of action. He did not import any new argument into the discus sion, nor throw one gleam of fresh illus trating light on it, nor point out any method by which the existing and all future dead locks may be avoided. He simply repeated the substance of Sir Chables Sladen's speeches in the Council, and of the doleful memorial which that much-afflicted House haB addressed to Qer Majesty. To attempt to reply to him would onty be repeating once more what has been of necessity spoken and written many times already. The Echoes speech was but one amongst a whole series of equally inapt, equally point less, equally reaultless orations, delivered in the Assembly and outside of it. Mr Duncan Gillies has not one word to say that Mr mubbay smith, for example, has not said, or Mr ffiancis at the late election for West Melbourne, or that Mr service has not stud, many de grees more pointedly and ably. In fact, the trumpet-blowing of the Opposition journals in the present instance is a little too ridi culous. They may exult over the elevation of Mr Duncan Gillies to the leadership of theOpposition party if they are so minded. Thankfulness for small mercies is a pleas ing trait in any character. They may try to persuade themselves and others that the speeches of that hon. gentleman are deliverances of the highest ability and the most momentous importance. They may pretend to await the open ing of his mouth, and the moment of his breaking silence, as the world at large awaits the anticipated announcement of a declaration of war between two great nations. But, for all that, the party which Mr Duncan Gillies heads is, and will remain, an insignificant and powerless party to the last. That hon. gentleman him self is bnt a sorry substitute for an effective party leader ; and his speeches — even when he does condescend to " break silence " — are but the third-rate deliverances of a third-rate politician. 1 . The Go vernnient .are entitled to all praise for the manner in whichup to the present time, theyha ve dealt with the enclosed road question. One of the excuses put forward by the local bodies for not ordering en closed roads to be thrown open for the public use, was, that in nearly all cases these roads had not been proclaimed by the Governor- in- Gorindl, and' therefore the several councils were prevented from taking that action against the trespassers which was bo desirable in the public interests. But the Government have since removed the cause of this excuse. Nearly every road in the colony has now been proclaimed accord ing to law; and therefore no legal diffi culty of any kind now «xists to prevent these roads being thrown open for the public accommodation- But still those roads are kept enclosed. Timidity in some cmaw and selfish interest in others, prevent the local bodies from doing their duty in this matter ; and the result is that, for all prac tical purposes, the Government might just as well have allowed this subject to remain as it was, as endeavor to pnt down the wrong done in the sensible manner which they have adopted. The ques tion therefore arises, should not the Go vernment go further to do equity in con nection with this fraud on the people ; and we have no hesitation in giving an affirma tive answer to this question. The Govern ment should really do something more than they have already done, praiseworthy as their past conduct on this question has been; and that something is easily ex plained, and can be just as easily carried into execution. Inasmuch as the local bodies allow the proclamation of the Government to remain a dead letter, the Government should endeavor, by a circular note, to stimulate these bodies into action ; and fail ing a satisfactory response, then the Go vernment themselves should put the law in force for the purpose of bringing these f rands to a epeedy conclusion. The means to this end are very facile and complete, and will be foand contained in the 513th and 514th clauses of the Local Government Act The first clause reads as follows : — " Where any matter or thing is by this act, or by any order', or notice made and published under the aathority hereof, directed or forbidden to be done, or where any aathority is given by this act to any person to direct any person to direct any matter or thing to be done, or to forbid any matter or thing to- be done, and such act so directed to be done, or to forbid any matter or thing to be done, and such act bo directed to be done remaining undone, or such act so for bidden to be done, is done, in every each case every person offending against such direction or prohibition shall be deemed guilty of an offence against this act." The 514th clause says— "-Every person guilty of an offence against this act shall for every such offence be liable to the penalty ex pressly imposed by this act, or by aDy jye-law in force in that behalf, and if so other penalty be impoBed to a penalty not exceeding £20." Now we snbmit there is ample scope, here supplied for'tbe Govern ment to bring the local bodies and the jumpers of three roads to a 66QBe of their, wrong doing. According to the 399th sec tion of the Local Government Act, no per son could keep a road enclosed after theehd of 1876 without the express sanction of the Governor-in- Council. That sanction has never been obtained, except, we under stand, in a few isolated instances ; so that in nearly every casethe jumpers of these roads are still in illegal occupation. What is there, then, to prevent the Government living formal - notice, to the various local ibdire to enforce the law, and, failing a satisfactory response,, few the central authorities to proceed both against the various councils and tbe jumpers for" the restitution of these roads hi . the public ? - .Absolotely Jiothing Abst g® ...can ,«e.„ The net jBmgfavUm for a' certain thing to be done, and makes it penal for that thing pot to be done. Neglect to comply with there demands therefore carries vdthittitemnseqiprealty.-C<m- seqnently, nothing is required but for the Go vernment 'to take prompt £hd 'decuuvetiUii to firing all (he d'nqureJs tD book, and to have every proclaimed reaffUiroagbonthe coIoithiWnopeh'forthegeberefaccommo- dationr.Tiie itiSbSSaW"Wlfiri>g drare is shown hykme inridentvhich wre brought under oar- notice last Saturday: It Beeifis that some 'treyiaUereJIgrpht £he GreenTlfiii to :3mdDs|fi, fta. wf&st- wi;? i no less than between forty and fifty gates thrown across proclaimed roads in that .tract '-of territory, and they had to get tip and down from their vehicle each time, or at each gate, to get a passage through. They also found that, owing to certain roads being enclosed after this fashion, on one estate, of over. 42,000 acres, only six men ..were - employed to , look after, the. etock. A double object would therefore be effected by the Government compelling the jumpers to throw open these roads. It would not alo0fere&bve;' a tiumber of impediments away from traffic, but it would also Compel the wealthy graziers to increase the unmber bf their men, Siid so' enlarge the number of channels that are now open for the employment of the working classes. We submit we have eaid enough to justify the Government in : taking the action we recommend ; and we trust they will adopt the course we adviee without Scruple and without delay. Matters present a somewhat more pacific cha racter in Europe. It will be seen, by our telegram which appears elsewhere, that Russia has aban doned all claim to Bulgarian soil, and to the Egyptian tribute to the Forte, and that a treaty of peace has been signed between the Czar and Saltan. The question of the concessions to Rossis on the Asiatic side of the Bospboros have, how ever, still to be disposed of before it can be said that all danger of England and Boaaia going to war has been entirely removed. We understand that ' at the instance of Messrs Young and M'Guigen, a writ for £37,650- was issued yesterday against the Water Commission. This action of course arises out of the work done at the Upper Gong Gong reservoir and its sur roundings. A large and important meeting of the com mittee of the National Befonn League was held last evening. Various matters in connection with the present crisis were warmly debated, after which it was unanimously resolved that a large deputa tion be sent to Melbourne to act in connection with deputations from other parts of the colony, and to take part in a mass meeting to be held there. The Australian Juvenile Industrial Exhibition at the Alfred Hall continues to be largely patro nised. The number of visitors yesterday was 1038, and the total receipts amounted to £27. The honorary secretary, Mr Bannister, is throwing a large amount of energy into his duties, and amongst other things he has arranged to visit different places, in order to see that provision is made for railway facilities being afforded to juveniles who desire to visit the exhi bition. He will visit Clunes and Talbot to day, and Ararat and Hamilton on Wednesday and Thursday ; and next week he proposes to visit Stawell and Portland. A new feature has been introduced into the exhibition. On every Tbimday evening daring the time the exhibition is open young ladies will be invited to play on the piano on the dais between eight and ten o'clock ; and it is the intention that, under the supervision of the musical committee, their efforts will be duly recognised. Last night the musical contributions were supplied by Misses Davies, Worrell and Harley, aad Messrs Youug and Bunting. It will be remembered that some months bines the Minister of BaHways promised that a siding should be constructed near the City of Ballarat claim, for the accommodation of stock-owners, cattle-dealers, and others who have business at the cattle-yards ; but, probably owing to the crisis, nothing farther' has been done in the matter. At the City Council meeting yesterday, however, a letter was read from Messrs Hepburn, Leonard, and Rowe setting forth the desirability of having the work proceeded with at once, and it was resolved to urge the matter.upon the attention of the Minister. We see" the Ballarat slanderer is assailing ns daily, and, as usoal, saying aU sorts of things about us which are not true. We don't mind these at tacks in the least; Indeed they rather amuse us than otherwise, and therefore we should really be sorry to see them cease. Bat, in the interests of fair play, we would advise our lower-down con temporary not to charge us with deficiencies which never occur in these pages, because Bach tactics are notalone very discourteous, but also very stupid. A case in point occurred yesterday. We are gravely -accused of advising the Ministry to ruse and disburse the revenue without reference to the usual rule, through our ignorance of the terms of the enactment made and in force to deal with the subject. Now, if our contemporary will read our article again, he will find that we expressly acknowledged the OlegaKty of the proceeding. We etated that, if such a plan were adopted, the Governor would certainly call upon his Ministers to resign ; and we should not have said this much, if we had not been aware that the proceeding wonld be illegal, or if we did not know the terms of the law as well as our contemporary, and if the truth was known, perhaps a great deal better. Bnt we bold that the law should be set aside in spite of aU penaltiee— wbidt, by the way, can easily be overcome — rather than tile will of the majority ehould be defeated ; and it was entirely in this spirit that our article was written. As our con temporary does not for half its time seem to know where it is drifting, or what it is writing about, perhaps it mil be as well to leave this journal alone, because no profit is to be obtained by continually snarling at the contents of these pages. That sort of thing is very an journalistic, and also rery small-minded. In our report of the City Board of Health meet ing yesterday, it will be seen that some difference of opinion exists with reference to the outbreak of scarlet fever at the London Chartered Bank. On the one hand, Messrs James and Creber. architects, state that the effluvia complained of arose from the condition of the covered Stnrt street — h.r.n-1, and that the water, in consequence of the open pitching, percolates through the foundations of the bank. It transpired, however, that in searching for the cause, the other, day, the workmen of the council came upon a hidden cesspit in the Unicorn passage, which was immediately emp tied and filled with earth'. Further investiga tion showed also that there was a horse kept in a stable under the bank premises, and that imme diately adjoining was another cesspit, while the yard was too confined. By our report it will be observed that the council intend to perform their part of the necessary sanitary work, and insist upon the bank authorities doing likewise. A woman named Mary Stephens, a storekeeper, carrying oh business in Eureka street, was called upon, at the Town Police Court, yesterday, to show canae why sixteen bottles of liquor, a jar of wine, and a jar of brandy, together with two barrels of ale, should not be forfeited. The liquors were seized on the supposition that defendant was carrying on sty grog-seliing, and their worships, after hearing the evidence, made an order for the forfeiture and sale of the liquor, awarding £3 14s 6d to the revenue officer, for whom Mr Gaunt ap peared. Mr Salter appeared for the defendant. The removal of the planking over the water course in Sturt street, near the London Chartered Bank, has not met witu the favor of speculators, sharebrokers, and other frequenters of the Corner, and a petition, signed by forty-right gentlemen, was yesterday presented to the City Council by Councillor Bropfay, requesting that the planking be replaced. The petition, together with a motion by Councillor Claxtonon the same subject, was re ferred to the works committee for report. There is at present a bitch in the arrangements far carrying oat the annual fire brigade demon stration at Melbourne. It appears that, at a meeting of brigade delegates held in Melbourne on the 11th of Febrnaiy, a programme was drawn up, and, while the meeting was proceeding, a different programme was received from the'local committee. The chairman of the delegates (Captain Morris, of the Ballarat brigade) sent a reply to the local committee, repudiating its action, and several brigades have also expressed their disapprobation of the course -pursued by the local committee, which has selected as its officers residents of Mel bourne only. A meeting of the Ballarat presbytery was held yesterday. -Erasent— The moderator (the Rev.W. Henderson), the Revs. J. -W. Ingtis, J. Dick, H T. Walker, Campbell, Robinson, Hamilton, Taylor, Hutrhison.-and -Steele, and Means Gtrthrie, Gray, Mawhnaon, and Mackay. A anauimous call from the Ballao congregation to the Bev. D. Brunton at present pastor of tite ' Blackwood and Pentland Hills congregation, was msfeioed, and ordered to transmitted to the presbytery of Micedon and Pentland Hills ; the Rev.Mr Has tie to be the representative of the BriliMt presbyteiy. A further progress report of evangelistic meetings held during the month of February at Carngham, Ltnton, Smytheedsle, Scarsdale, Cape dear, Staf- toe -interest token in them great. Arrangements were made for bringing the Halms of tbe Scaredale congregations under the notice of .?on can,ni''toe> with " view to a P"1- orwardedbythepresbyteryofMel- bourne,from Dm congregation of Erekine Church, Caritra, to toe Rev.J. W-Ioglis was then considered. i?1 1 ?" Mr Aberoethy, and Messrs -Beanie, Bndwdsoo, ami Benywere heard in favor of toe translation. Mr Grey, -on behalf of St. John's session; Mesirs Macgowan and Macaw, on behalf of the congregation ; Mr Stocks, on behalf of 1hS «mmatoee;tad»Mr ffoiiffltoh/ten fiehaK bf the Bible cW and 6anday si£tels,' wee heard in with whose pastor he bad long had friendly inter course, as also with Mr Bonnie : bnt he bad strong ties to Ballarat, which he did not wish to snap asunder, especially in toe face of so many iff As congregation desiring that be should remain. ' The presbytery nnsnimoualy set aside toe call, and toe proceedings ended. A meeting for the purpose of making' arrange ments for toe forthcoming hurling match on St. Patrick's Day, was held yesterday at Cavanagh'e Morning Star hotel, Bungareri. 'Mr Btnpby occu pied the chair. Mr J. Byrne volunteered to act as hon. secretary, and Messrs J. Calliuan. Dekereaax, ODonoghue, Lynch, Darey, Conlon, and Jackson were appointed a working committee.. -Mr- J. Noonan, champion hurler of Victoria, presented a copy of the rules to the committee." A votes of thanks to the chair dosed the meeting. Coneiderable inierest was'mamfesteS1 at the Leaynionth poliee court yesterday, at the hearing of a charge of arson preferred agains t Mr James Smith, farmer, Learmonth. The charge was pre ferred by JohD Donovan, a neighbor of Smith's, who lodged an information and had Smith ar rested on warrant. Abont three o'dock on Sunday morning a stack of straw, valued at £40. together with a mare and foal, valued at £50, were burned, and Donovan distinctly swears that he saw Smith running away from the fire immediately after it broke out. ' Hence the proceedings, a report of which appears elsewhere. The case was adjourned for a week, in order to allow time to get np the evidence, bail being allowed — prisoner in £200 and two sureties in £100 each. A Chinaman, named Chung Yang, was arrested last night at Golden Point, on achargeof attempt ing to commit suicide by taking an overdose of opium. Prisoner, who had not apparently injured his vitality, was lodged in the Town lock-up. We understand that the work of establishing telegraphic communication between the two fire brigade stations will commence to-day. A correspondent writes : — " A rumor has reached me that one of tbe men engaged by the railway contractors, on Saturday last, at Heywood, was killed when getting into one of the trucks while toe train was in motion. Bosh-fires are raging fiercely at Mount Sturgeon and all through the Western District. Water is wanted very badly, and tbe sheep are dying fast." It is' likely, after all, that the market sheds at the rear of the City Hall will yet be utilised for a public reading room. The subject came before tbe City Council yesterday, on a letter from Mr J. A. W. Miller, when tbe committee previously appointed was requested to bring np a report at next meeting, and aiao to give the movement favorable consideration.' A magisterial enquiry vras held by Mr Chaancy, J.P., at the Adelpbi hotel, Sturt street, on Mon day. The enquiry was into the cause of death of Mr Thomas Merritt, an old resident of Ballarat, when it was shown by tbe evidence of Dr Radchffe that he died from beart disease. We understand that it is the intention of the Bishop of Ballarat to preach a series of sermons, in Christ Church, on the subject of " Temptation " during the continuance of Rent. One of these sermons will be preached every Wednesday even iog, and the first will be delivered to-morrow evening. A meeting of the bootmakers and factory hands was held at Mayo'e hotel last night, toconshler the strike that has taken place at Messrs Davies and Graham's factory. It was decided to continue the strike, aad also resolved that the factory hands should be supported by tbe trade generally during the time they are unemployed. It was resolved at the City Board of Health meeting yesterday on tbe motion of .Councillor Morrison — " That tbe inspector of nuisances -should make a tour of inspection of ail the cesspits 'within - tbe city, and report to the next meeting "of the board." 1 ' As adjourned meeting pf .creditors in fog estate of Mr M. T. ConneJlan, grocer, was held yesterday at Broph> 's hotel. A composition of 2s in the £1 was offered to the creditors, which was not ac cepted, and the meeting adjourned without any business being transacted.' It would appear from the cify .health officer's report for last year that toe death-rate in Ballarat for that period was toe lowest yet recorded in pro portion to tbe population, being only seventeen pel 1000, while toe lowest average for any previous year was twenty per 1000. Making allowance fm the scarlet fever epidemic of 1877, this death-rate is very low ; and while it is evidence of toe healthy atmosphere of Baiiarat, no doubt much is .doe to the excellent sanitary condition of the cify. It will be seen by our advertising columns that Mr Pbilip Cbauncy, late district surveyor, who has reoently retired on his pension, has.commenced practice as a land agent, &C-;, in Lynn's Chambers, Ballarat. Mr Chauncy has lived in the colonies since 1839, having served the Government in Vic toria and Western Australia for thirty- seven years. Hia long experience, and the high esteem in which he is held by his friends and acquaintances, are his best testimonials. Some of the outlyiog localities in the city, which have for a length of time been deprived of the benefits of gas-lamps, are in future to have their wants supplied ; for at a making of the Cify Council yesterday, toe councillors of toe several wards handed in reports showing wheat lights were most needed, and it was resolved to re-light abont thirteen lamps in each ward. The bridges across the confluence of the Tea- tree Creek and tbe Moorabool River at Morrisons having been completed, were officially inspected and opened for traffic on Saturday last by Mr L. Le Gould, C.E., engineer for Ballanshire. The ceremony was not by any means an imposing one, as none of the representatives of toe council thought proper to assise. Tbe engineer expressed his utmost satisfaction at the manner in which the works had been carried out by toe contractor, Mr Joseph Wilkinson, of Morrisons. The bridges are considerably longer, 2 feet 6 inches higher, and 6 feet wider than the old structure. The approaches have been made fully up to the proper level, with gradients afford ing easy access to toe table-land as well as to the river-side, whilst full provision has best made for the fiood-waters of both streams. Altogether, the work is constructed in a sound, substantial, and workmanlike manner, both as regards design and execution. It is in every way suitable for the requirements of the locality, and reflects credit alike on the designer, the contractor, and toe shire council under whose atupioes the work has been carried out. At toe meeting of the City Council yesterday, a number of improvements were ordered to be pro ceeded with at Lake Wendouree, details of which appear in ottr report. In connection wito the art-union recently con ducted at Meredith in aid of the erection of a Catholic presbytery at that township, something approaching £500 has been subscribed. The ex-chairman and ex-directors of toe Bal larat Woollen Company give a fiat denial to tbe statements made in Mr Crowther's pamphlet, which we noticed the other day. The denial will be foand published in our advertising columns. The Bev. J. W. Blarney wSl lecture on "Tem perance" in Christ Church schoolroom, to-mor row eveniDg. Tbe admission will be free, and no collection will be taken np. A meeting of the subscribers to the building fund of the new Temperance Hall will be held in the new building, Lydiard street, next Friday evening, at eight o'dock. Tbe Butchers' Employes Association will meet at Speed's hotel this evening, at eight o'clock, to malm final arrangements for the picnic; In compliance wito a requisition, toe mayor of the Borough of Browns and Scaredale h». called a meeting in the town hall, Scarsdaie, next Saturday evening, at half-past seven o'clock, to take into consideration the advisability of amalgamating the. borough with the shire of Grenriile. i We have received a copy of Lester's Bsilway ; and Coach Time- table for toe month of Mardt. Tickets for the picnic to Geelong in connection ' with the Lydiard Street Weeleyan School can he obtained next Wednesday and Thursday evenings, at half-past seven o'clock, in the Dana street schoolroom. The following appeared in the Herald of last night " With reference to toe proposal for a compromise between toe two Houses, which shall terminate the crisis, we understand that the Go vernment is not averse to any compromise which cm be effected on a proper basis. None of the rights oontenddfi for by toe Assembly will'be sur rendered by the Government; but, if a compro mise can be devised without imperilling these, tbe Ministry win agree to it." Chief Secretary j(says toe Aye) wffl make a Ministerial explanation in toe Assembly to-day in connection with tbe documents to be placed before the Honsee. His ExceUebcy has intimated hie intention of comomucatinff thedesDafedrafaelm received to date, bntnnise hetbv with regard to the telegram from the Secretary of State. Application will be made to him, however, to have a copy of tbe message read in Fariiament, as Ministers are desirous that the text of tbe docu- mnt on which so much depends should receive official publicity. The Government (says tbe Herald) have H in contemplation to re-appoint some of toe late police St men who are to be commissioned will transpire. Two disastrous fires occurred in Geelong at an early hour on Sunday morning. At a quarter- past one, a bouse aFffgrne HIO, owned and occupied by a Mr Lenen, caught fire, and was totaUy am- wra saved. The property was insuredfMfioo Northern Company. Shortly after ,k ® tb toe stables ooniected with Matt w, tenBve stangiter-yards, at Lovely « found (o bein flames. The fire spread raplKe Two «e burnt one broke away and escaped. A lare. „„ .tiu4 harness and other property were e? , 1 nt,!T<f loss being estimated at £200. The biSS' foamed for £50 in the Australian AUUn The last Assizes held at Sandhurst . have been most prolific of sentences of ..L.f® t> Friday last the extreme penalty of the i 0o imposed by toe Chief Justice uuon no w.r' three persons, vrz. Joseph Reili r,,. t) s tbso of his .mate, a miner named urda Bridget M-Kee and Peter Kane, for child TheChleTJusiice held out no hope of r?- tences being commuted in any of tke.e ouseT !e" That the desire of effecting some enmt— between the two Houses is increasing in ctrcleB may be stated (says the A,J.,) P„ but it seems probable that if anything i; a "> will, in the first instance, be the result of J5M h from without. The Ministerial chiefs ih 05 signs of wavering, but assert their bdief Governor writ yet sign warrants on the v0 e Assembly and they are pushing forwar' tt , parations for toe "monster demons- -in -J'0- which we spoke on Saturday. It is to nsr-rv " the nature of a convention, and will i... three days. By the action takrn at Davl T9 on Friday, the Opposition members of ihe t ,0rJ biy are committed to the proposal of a cortfnf" between the two Houses ; and were this adopted, there are good grounds for beiievKi T 1 it would terminate the difficulty. Mr Mr Service speak at Beechworth this evenSj. A lady (says toe Aye) died suddenly »M„ bathing at Eennedy's baths, St. Kilda. o/slj night. The deceased fats apparently been ,5: son in comfortable circumstances judeia. \ the appearance of her clothing. She £7a of a brown material, and a hat of coa. .w trimmed wito black silk ribbon, and a flowers containing a sprig of orange blossom fa. also carried a brown silk umbrella ith,„S cress handle. The deceased seems to WhS under forty years of age. She was rather ,£? and of about medium height. The moseof<W is supposed to have been apoplexy. The Lusitania, when coming down lis c..,,, Channel, on Saturday evening, was ucfortm.r enough (says the Telegraph) to take the about three lengths to the westward of the lighthouse in that channel, and a little to th» northward of tbe line of white buoys dtficinr tk south bank. Upon the pilot and Captain HtiiiJ, sounding round the vessel it was found that tw was 6 inches less water than she drew forward ; being low water, at the time. It was a!«o nofce that the sand had silted np greatly at this there being less draught of water than laid doS in toe chart. Every preparation was made fo floating her off on the rise of the tide, the Rafc arriving alongside about ten, and at half-® eleven she made fast to her aft, and soon had fo into deep water. The Lusitania then proceeds' to sea. The Argus is glad to be able to state_thirS! W. S. Lyster, although still suffering from pa- prostration of strength, was pronounced oo Santo by his medical attendant (Dr Teagne) to foe Bome degree better than during tbe prece&e; week. Mr and Mrs Lyster are staying at Sorren-i A telegram from St. Arnaiid in yesterday's says : — " The Rev. Father Dwyer, after tuaao: Sunday, delivered an address on the Edncitiec Act, fay order of toe Bishop of Baiiarat, in which he told the Catholic voters not to pledge them selves to either party till he had ascertained which was willing to grant the Catholic demands." It is doubtful (the Geelong Advertiser le&tfisiif; Messrs Gillies and Smith, who are invited to rn: exclusively Conservative gathering in Geslon;, oa Tuesday evening, will be able to attend, in nw. sequence of the meeting of toe House that day. An accident (says toe Aye) which is likely to result -fatally, occurred early on Saturday moraine on toe Merri Creek, Clifton HilL A man, vh«e name is supposed to be Thomas Thomas, was found lying on his back in a shallow pait of the hfeni Creek by a lady named Mrs De Lasanx, trhoi: ' once informed her hnaband. On Mr De Lawn proceeding to toe spot he foand the man lying in ' the position described, with & serious Konodonhi! forehead, having apparently faHec from tbe clifi, , which -are about 50 feet high at that epot Oa bong further examined he eras found to hare rat- Uioed eerere injuries to tbe back of hia head and other parte of his body. He waa at once tJcen to the Melbourne Hospital, where he now lie in t . very critical condition. These cliffs are so ray dangerous that it is a matter of some aurpriae : -that the couool hare not had them securely huotf in. 1 One of the oldest and best known busicasnw£ In Melbourne, Mr Thomas Stabbs, died (sivitk Argus) oo Saturday at St. Kilda. Mr Stnbbt, whose career as an Auctioneer dated almost from the fonndation of the city, was a celebrity in bis day, and bis name will not easily be forgotten. Is business circles he was much' esteemed lor his kindly and genial disposition. He died at the ripe age of seventy-fir. The working of the Eflucation Depsrtaen! seems (says the Age) to be proceeding most smoothly, notwithstanding the recent reductions. A few of the singing and drawing masters 5ii- pensed with have been reappointed, and jo making new appointments to schools the Minister has given priority to those applicants for employ ment possessing a knowledge of these accomplish ments. A list has also been prepared of teachers from whom the additional sub-inspectors required will be appointed. Professor Pearson is basOv engaged completing his report, and every uffort will be made to have it ready for presentation t# Parliament daring next week. A determined suicide (says the Argus) took plfice in the lunatic ward of the Castlemaice Hospital oc Saturday morning about fire o'clock. A patient who had been admitted for medical treatment 0; the Monday previous was progressing, so well thai he would hffve got his certificate of discharge front the resident surgeon on Tuesday when broegbt before the police court. When seen by tbe night wardsman at ten o'dock on Friday night be ru quiet and apparently free from excitement, and when again seen at two o'dock in the morsing be was quite composed and partially in bed. At half- past five o'clock, however, vhen the w&rdsm;&s; unlocked the door, he found the inmate banging from an iron bar that crosses the window. He bad torn the sheeting into strips, and so made a sort of rope upon which lie bad arranged a slip-knot The fall was so small that the feet of the deceased touched the ground. At the Epping Police Co art on Thursday (ssji the Age) a youth named Rowlstoo, aged between right and nine years, was charged with wilfully and maliciously shooting another boy named Dunn. The evidence showed that the two boys, with another named Voekeneoho, were out shooting together, when Dunn went to pick up a pieceof rope. R 3 wis ton then said, " If you pick up that rope I will shoot yon." Dona picked it up, upoo which Bowls ton deliberately raised tbe gun to fail shoulder and shot hin), the charge striking him on the side of the head. Dunn fell eensriess, and Uy there for about two boon in a broiling sun? when his mother, hearing of tbe occurrence, hastened to tbe spot and carried him bome. He was after wards taken to the Melbourne Hospital, where be remained for a month. On Thursday Dunn ap peared to court with his head bandaged. The most wonderful part of the is how he escaped having a part of his head blown away, osRowl- ston was onty 6 feet from him when be fired, and tbe whole charge lodged in his head. Kowifton was committed for trial. The celebrated thoroughbred horse Fireworks (says the Telegraph) died on Saturday evemne. Kensington. He was seized with internal infism- m&tiou; in the morning, and though Mr Yinceot> the veterinary surgeon, was sent for at once, it ires found impossible to save the horse's life. His death is a serious loss to Mr T. Camming, wk> purdiased him at the recent $ale for £1785. Although the machinery to be used in the manufacture of paper at the mills at Fyansfori has been 'placed in position, work (rays the G&kw; Advertiser) will not be commenced for a couplet months. Other machinery is expected shortly to arrive from England. The river water has been let into the race, and a trial of the turbine wheel has been mad the result b?«ng quite sstif- factory. A telegram received on Sunday, from Cape Ot- way, States (says tbe Aye) that there were exten sive bush-fires raging at King's Island. . The Geelong Advertiser understands that a was received by toe last mail from Mrs Bsito. wife of toe Bev. Ralph Barker, which stated that the reverend gentleman was at toe time of wntns very iff, bnt slight hopes being entertained of n» recovery. 