NEWS OF THE DAY. i I The' hon. the Speaker cif the Legislative \- Assembly, this - morning, igsnedhiH writ for the return of a momber for West Melbourne to serve in the Legislative Assembly in the place of the hon. Sir Bryan O Loghleu Who resigns, having accepted an office of profit under the Orown. The following are the arrangements Day of nomination 6th April-; day of polling, 11th April ; writ returnable, 16th April, I The Port Darwin tolograph line, which was interrupted yesterday afternoon, was restored to-day at noon, The West Australian line is now interrupted. The Melbourne correspondent of the Bal- larat Evening PoBt telegraphed yesterday as follows:— "Rumours are prevalent of a split in the Cabinet over tho settlement of the Crisis. is stated, on good authority, that Messrs. Lalor and Patterson are dissatisfied with the termeof settlement, holding that' the Government have conceded everything." | The Melbourne Review contains the follow, iqg announcement : — Tho proprietors of the Melbourne Review have muoh pleasure in announcing that Mr J. A, Froude,' tho well. . known English historian, has promised to (Contribute an article on "Tho Relations of tho Mother Country to the Colonies, " whioli will appenr in an early number, In the Supreme Court ' toeday, arguments wpre heard on a rule nisi for a prohibition to, restrain the magistrates at Oollingwpod frpm enforcing n fine of £5, with £12 12s costs, (inffietod on the 1th December ladt upon A. G Oorbett, for having caused a nuisance by the carrying on of an ahlmouia manufactory. The ground of the applica tion jwao that one of tho magistrates, Mr J Eado, who adjudicated had not hoard all tho evidence that was given in the oase, he not having been present oh previous occasions when tho matter was before the bench. The court make an order absolute for prohibi tion. It is stated that the Railway department will make n net profitof £160 by the Stawell excursion to Ballarat on Thursday. The Juvenile Industrial. Exhibition is therefore doing good to tho' State as well as to' Ballarat, , The captain of tho deep sea fishing schooner Miranda, has bepn summoned by' several of his crow for wages, and ordora are now made against him, Tbe captain, who iB at varianco with the Deep Boa Fishing Com pany, has, in order to recoup himsolf, pat an execution into foroe, and has seized a quan tity of tackle and other effects, which arc to be offered for sale by anotion, Tho nature of the dispute between tho parties has not "leaked out, but this is an unfavorable omon with regard to the future Buccesa of tho undertaking. Thrco ladB, named1 Peter Souter, Frank Romeril, and James Mnrray, were fined 60s, or a month's imprisonment, by the Prahrsn Benob this morning, for stoning a Ohinose hawker: Tho offence was witnessed by Constable Charles and 51 r Kelly, State school lonelier, the result being a prompt capture of the yonug rascals. iEgles in the Australasian writes : — " There is, 1 am told, a new departmental regulation iu tbo Customehouso requiring full and com; lute rot urns under defined heudB of classification of nil goods imported and ex« ported. Now, a Oliiuamnn, who was send ing home tho embalmed body of his father, correctly described the' consignment as " human remains." The Customs officer had then to find u place for the, article in tho Echcmo of classification, nnd tho only avail able heads he could discover were those of " Curiosities" and " Preserved Moats." He ultimately took the reallstio view that a dead Chitiamnn could hardly be considered a eurioBity, and placed tho item under the second head, Tbo Geelong Advertiser states that despite the rnin with which tho district was re cently favored, tho residents of "Barra bool are still iu groat Btraits owing to the scarcity of water. We woro oradibly In formed yesterday that hardly a waterholo in the district had been filled by the down pour, and that many, indeed, ' wore almost absolutely dry, ..However, tbo graes is looking froeh and green, and. tho welcome showers' that foil last night and this morning will, no "doubt, add materially to tbo' supply of 'water in Iho'diairict. At the Richmond Police Court to day, a robuBt, bigh-oolored i woman, named ' Mary FcnnesBy, wbb brought, up on warrant, charged with threatening the life of hor husband, a bootmaker, residing in riwan Biroot, The complainant, who was evidently, in very delicate health,' said that- he bad but just, come ".out of the Mel bourne Hospital, wben his wife assaulted him with a bottlo and an Iran bar, He bad been obliged to send' hiB children away for fear of her drunken violence. , A neighbor who had kindly taken in tho com- plninant. Was threatened with having his house burnt down, and divers , other things done. Her conduct was attested by several ; witnesses, On the other side counter ' charges were made against the husband, and : nlso substantiated by witnesses. Defendant was ordered to find ono surety in £10 to i keep the peace, The presiding magistrates' i were hie Worship the Mayor (in tho chair), ' Or Priestly, and Mr, O'Connor. The stewards of tho Geelong Raoing Club | metycBterday alter noon, when tho proposal | to have a, day's racing on the 9th April, in connection with the trotting match for 1000 eovs. between the horses Nancy and Bessie, ' was submitted for their consideration .' The : stewards decided, with thoir usual liberality, . to have four other races, as follow HanJ > dicap Hurdle Race, of 60 sovs; Handicap ! Flat Race, of 60 sovs: Handicap Bteeple- ' cliase, of 70 sovs ; ana a Time Handicap j Trot, of 30 soys. With these ovonts an excellent day's racing will be the result, and l there will doubtlesBbe a large attendance on i tbo course, Nominations for the several : events must be lodged with tlm secretary at the Victulia Hotel before i p.m. on Wed- :' needay, tho 3rd April. Handicaps will bs i published on or before Saturday, the 6th April. A few gentlemen anxious to ass a hurling; jclub formed in Prabran will meet' at the 'Albion Betel, Prahran, at an early date, to iform rules and regulations for tha admission of mem bers. The game,! whioh is becoming (very popular, oombines good exercise, and is free from accidents, and is well suited to be played in one of the ' many convenient re serves around Prahran, on any afternoon 1 agreed upon. , Tho City Organist , will play this even ing, at the" Melbourne Town . Hall, at 8 o'clock, tho. following 'selections, 'namely : — Overture, La Dame Blanohe, iBoicldien ; Gavotte in G, Sydney Smith j opera selection, Grand Duchess, Offoabaoh ; 'grand march, Festival, Alfred' Ji Dye ; ora torio selection, Hymn of Praise (Lobjesang), (Mendelssohn; (a) dnot and chorus, I waited far the Lord ; (b) chorns, All Men, All jl'bings ; finale, National Anthem: ' 1 The skating season commences to-night pt tne est. Hilda rink, i Tbe Melbourne Correspondent of tho Bal larat Star writes : — A certain bookmaker who had "fought" his way to reputation1 and Iwealth contemplated a trip to England, Joaving a little debt of £900 to a fellow- bookmaker unprovided 'for. One night, while snugly enjoying bis evening meal, one pf our most keen witted sheriff's officers paid n professional call upon him, and, being an old acquaintance, was politoly shown upstairs to ' share his host's hospi tality, In the course of the meal the officer was entertained by his friend's ossuranco adjeotively emphasised or now ue luiuuuea so " ao creditor " u.) by going by vessel to Europe iu other than tbe ono be was expected to Bail in. Daring (he meal, " a friend" of tho sheriff's officer called, and having beon hospitably received mentioned that be would wait downstairs until Air Officer was at liberty. After an agreeable conversation, in which the book maker explained confidently his plans to defeat his creditor, the officer began to tire ot playing liis fish, and banded him, in a pleasant manner, merely an ordinary capias, yon know,"and after soma farther parley with a mutual friond to whom tbe "unimportant docu ment" was referred, the intelligence was cheerfully broken to the excited book-maker that be was praotically under arrest, with tho alternative of giving his oheqne fertho debt and eoBts, or paying a visit of late inspection to the Melbourne gaol. Tho former coarse seemed, considering tho time of rjigbt, tbe preferable ono, and on the under- slandmg that " G" should not havo the triumphant satisfaction of getting his debtor's cheque, ono was duly written out, sjgned, and handed to the vigilant offioor, vybo then suggested the necessity of the further trifling formnlity of getting it marked. " Mark my chequel" roared the man of fists. " Who wants to mark my cheque 7 I nl ways' sign 'em myself," Bat tjie persuasiveness of that unpretending looking capias, and the reputation of the Alelbourne gaol for draughtiness,- proved in the end successful, and the party adjourned down town, rung np the banker completed the nccBBsary formality; and separated, after having spent an exceedingly pleasant social evening, ! The Colno, Herald, writes : — " The country all round Oolao, especially srich of it as was burnt by the reoont bush-fires, is looking splendid, with, .a glorious prospect for grazieiB of an abundance of winter feed, T|ie woods of lato so blaok with shade, charcoal, burnt graBs, burnt fences, oharrod trees, and the paddookod savannas and vales that of lato frowned, looked faded in ' the shadowed livery of the burnished sun,' in the yellow 'sear nnd sullen brown aspect, ns though thoy suffered from jaundice, aro now in verdure clad, and looking gay and lively with tho glad tidings of a promise of a Bplendid hibernal Bpring of grass." The Pleasant Greek News says " Tuesday's raiD, according to accounts received, has largely beiKfi'Od tho farmers in the Wimmera district. Ground which up till lately bad boon too hard even for scarifying is | now very caBiiy ploughed. In fact, tho complaint now is that tho soil has boon rendered too soft in the low lying districts, and tho farmers will have to remain idle uiitil the water has had time to drain off." A rather mysterious caso ol sticking up wps reported to us (Bondigo Independent) , last evoning, more strange because the informant would not give his namo, stating that he did not wish any law proceedings, His story, as related, which we take cum grano sails, is that ho, a young msn of about 27, and a resident of Footsorny, was coming dqwn from Eohuca by last evonibg's train, travelling first-olnBS, and the only occupant of tho carriage. At Bochostor a gentlemanly looking middle-aged man got iBto the oarriage, and immediately tho train left thoBtation, lay down on the seat ap if to go to sleep, and the young man followed his example, In about a quarter of an hour, when tbo train was fairly on its road to Elmoro, the strangor jumped np snddonly, and seized hold ot his companion by the collar at tho same time demanding " his money or his life," The young man object- ing not only to tbe question, but to tho manner in which it was put, seized hold of the interrogator, nnd he, finding he had tha worst of the scuffle, produced a revolver which ho pointed but went no further than extracting a piomise not to "inform on him." Our informant states that be lost no time on arriving at Elmore in changing his carriage, but ho steadfastly refuscBto say anything mora of the occur- rence, and left Sandhurst liy the 7, 16 train,' An enormous mushroom (writes the War?- nambool Standard) has b y7a brought to this office, measuring 13 iuobes in diameter, and weighing 31b 3Joz. It was found in the Friendly Societies' Fnrk. Messrs. Endle and Walker's invention for self-acting railway gateB tsajB Friday's P. O, News) has, wo understand; proved success, ful, Tho inventors have had an interview with the railway authorities; with satisfac tory results! Tbe principlo on whioh tha gates work was acknowledged to bo correct and with some slight.alterntions will be! adopted by tbo department, A drawback is said to be in the speed with whioh tho gates open and shnt on tbe approach and depar ture of trains. As this defect can easily be remedied, tho invention moy bo looked upon as a success- The Melbourne correspondent 'of the Gcelung Advertiser, writes :— One of the latest sensations in Melbourno has boon a ' rumor that typhoid fovcr had appeared in an establishment frequented daily by huudrods of persons of all ngcB aud sexes, nnd much ! curiosity has been expressed as to tho origin . of the diBeake, and the precautions taken to prevent further infection. The victim was a , young. and friendless girl employed in the 'house of. business in question, and the suddenness of the attack and .the alarming i symptoms which were developed, proved ! fatal in about three .days. The affair while j it laBtcd created somewhat of a scene, but as ' the fever bits not attacked anyone else in the same building; tho sentiment is wearing away and giving ploco to adieonsBiou as to the danger arising through the spontaneous origin of such a fatal disease in bo arowdod | a thoroughfare, ! Tbe Conner intimates that a sad pieoe of information was brought to Ballarat yestor- : day, Mrs Russell, wife of the hen; Phillip Bus-ell, of Carngham, died on 'Wednesday ! evening in childbirth. The deceased lady ;only came out to this colony some twelve ImonlbB ago, with ber husband; and her ! untimely decease has caused general regret ; in the district. Dr Hudson had attended 'her for some time previous to hor confine. :ment, but ali bis medical skill was of ho avail, , Referring to the drawing for the Sand- hurst Masonic Art Union, the Bendigo Independent says : — The bulk of the prizes have gone from Sandhurst, the first prize being won by Mr George Moss, of Ashfield, near Sydney. The second, third, and fifth 'prizeB went to Ballarat, as did also numerous others,, The following are the numbers which gained the principal prizes:— No. 11,813, 1st prizo, value £1000 ; 6618, 2nd, £600; 9303, 3rd, £200 : 6700, dth! £100; 276, 6th; 8603, 6th; 4360, 7th; and 306, 8th; tha prizes from the 6th to 8th being valued at £60 each. 1 By advertisement In another column Mr T. W. L oyd, proprietor of a private Inquiry offico In LRUs CohlnB streat, -Informs tho public that Mr Q. F. Williams, who was the complainant in tho caso of Williams v Wiedeman, heard fn tbo District court lut Monday, has not bran In any way connoctcd with hire In'buaincss for tha last twolvo months. ' 