PASTORAL, NEWS, STOCK MOVEMENTS, AND MARKETS. Narrabri Stock Report.---The weather during the week has been remarkably cool and pleasant, the nights particularly so. The want of rain is being again felt down the river, accounts from that quarter showing that the excessive heat we were subjected to lately has withered the grass a good deal. Stock, however, are looking well, and on the whole our pastoral friends have very little to complain of. The passings for the week have been as follow :--On the 22nd : 170 fat cattle, J. Town's, Benhaba, for Sydney, A, Graincer in charge; on the 23rd: 239 fat cattle, Hamlet Fletcher & Co.'s, Tooladoona, for Sydney, R. Mitchell in charge; 126 store cattle, J. Coady's, Werong Creek, Wollombi, for Moree, James Knight in charge; on the 24th: 153 fat cows J, Pearse's, from Collymongle, for Maitland, E. Ball in charge ; on the 25tb : 3300 wethers, E. Vickery's, from Bur- burgate, for Edgeroi, Hooper in charge ; on the 26th : 100 store cattle, T. Tee's, for Narrabri, for sale, owner in charge ; on the 27th : 2000 wethers, E. Vickery's, from Mount Pleasant Prospect, for Edgeroi, G. Laing in charge ; on the 28th : 1800 fat wethera, E. Vickery's, Edgeroi, for Sydney, Robert Eather in charge ; 1257 fat wethers, S. Gait's Tycannah, for Maitland, M. Clarke in charge. Narrabri Herald, Nov 29. Brewarrina Stock Report.----With the excep- tion of a slight shower on Saturday night, but which was insufficient to register, we have had fine weather during the past week. The country every- where is reported as looking splendid, and the only fear now is from fire. It is to be hoped that every one will use sufficient care in the use of fire to pre- vent any destruction of grass by that means. All the wool in the neighbourhood is going away by the river this season. During the week the thermometer has ranged from 67° minimum to 109° maximum. We have no stock movements to report.---Barwon Argus, Nov. 27. Forbes Stock Report.---The rain which threa- tened last week did not come, but since then the weather has been much cooler and pleasanter. It has been all that the farmers could wish for the ingathering of their crops, and at that work they are still busy. Transactions in stock matters have been unusually quiet lately, and but very little business is doing. Now, however, that the shearing is over it is expected that there will be a change for the better. The following are the passings for the week : \---200 rams, Messrs. Horsely and Sherwin's, of Gun- ingbland, Mr. J. F. Sherwin in charge; 6000 sheep, A. G. Jenes', Mr. D. Exlin in charge ; 12,000 sheep Messrs. Chapman, Brothers, going to Warren, Mr. Joseph Bradehaw in charge; 450 head of store cat- tle, W. J. Shepherd's, from Kiacatoo, travelling .to Wheeo station, near Goulburn, Mr. J. W. Thompson in charge; 7,370 sheep, Messrs. Waugh Brothers', Mr. R, R. Waugh in charge; 1200 sheep, Mr. C. Carr's, Messrs. Feebily in charge ; 5,580 fat wethers, Mr. William Broughton in charge,---Forbes Times, Nov. 30. Wagga Wagga Stock Report.-----November 29. \---The weather since the date of our last report has been pleasant and cool. The feed is luxuriant in all parts of the district, and is already becoming rather dry. The utmost care will have to be observed in the prevention of bush-fires, as the length of the grass would render it almost impossible to subdue them were such to break out. Stock generally, but especially cattle, are in admirable condition. The grasshoppers are plentiful on every tide, and their ravages are already perceptible. Down the river, the weather has been dry end the temperature moderate. The grasshoppers appear to have taken their departure from this neighbourhood. Their advent and operations were less rapid than on former occasions, but quite as certain and extensive, for what they touched and did not eat they have killed. In the local market the following sales are reported:---Messrs. Wilkinson, Minchin, and Lavender report having sold for Mr. E. Macpherson, of Benduck, 100 rams to Mr. Evan Evans, of Roto ; for Mr. J. Cochran, of Widgiewa, l8 rams to Mr, Jno. Rudd,of Colombo; for Sir Samuel Wilson, of Yanco, 34 rams to Mr. P. J. Mulholland, and 160 to Messrs. Swift and Hann ; for Messrs. Booth, Oakden, and Browne, of Wirlong, 600 fat cattle; also, in conjunction with Messrs, Bend and Thomson, for Messrs. Welman Bros, of Ariah, 1500 wethers to Mr. Robert Sproule ; for Messrs. H. and C. Douglass, of North Yanco, 3000 two-tooth ewes to Mr. G. Wilson, of Big Springs. Mr. G, Mair (E., E. and M.), reports having sold for Mr, John Jackson, of Boree Creek, 84 fat cattle to Messrs. Dunn and Mackinnon ; or Mr. O. Windeyer of Wantabadgery, 300 hoggets and 10 rams to Mr. G. Mair, jun.; for Mr. A, Davidson, of Mandama, 700 breeding ewes to the same buyer.-Express, Deniliquin Stock Report,---At Deniliquin, Wooldridge and Wren reports the sale of 800 wethers and lambs on account of R. Ryan, to F. L. Barker ; and (in conjunction with G, Howat) 445 wethers for P. Tracey, 140 ewes for Cashman, 144 lambs and 60 wethers for, Mason, 275 lambs for Dalgleish. James Mann reports sale of 56 rams on account of Thomas Brown and Co., of Tuppal, to the executors of the late A, M'Laurin (Morocco}, Gib- sone, Braime and Co. have sold 709 fat sheep on account of John Macvean, to M. Charters ; and a draft of Willandra cattle to same buyer. Of stock movements we have to report that 4000 Mossgiel sheep will cross to-morrow, 2000 will track at Echuca, and the rest will travel ( Ryan and Ham- mond, agents). On Monday next there will be trucked 2000 sheep (Lang's), consigned to G. Howat; 900 sheep (N. Flynn's), to Ettershank, Eaglestone, and Mann; and on Tuesday 2 trucks cattle (P. Bell's) to Dal. Campbell and Co., 250 sheep (Andrew's) to Fisken and Gibson, and 60 cows (R. M'Donald's) to P., R., and Co,---Pastoral Times, Nov. 30. Hay Stock Report.---Saturday, Nov 30.----Cros- sings at Hay include, since Wednesday last---Thurs- day, 4000 store sheep for the Messrs. Dickson. Yarrawin station, Narran Creek, via Willenboon, on the Bogan, in charge of Mr, W. G. Goldie ; and. 16,000 store sheep from Deniliquin district for Messrs. M'Millans' station on the Bogan, Mr. Cox in charge.---Rillerine Grazier. 