BIVERINA DISTRICT. Deniliquin, January 15. The weather during the past week has been intolerably hot, setting in with weather some thing more than comfortably warm. Each suc cessive day the temperature of the atmosphere increased, until on Friday the thermometer registered 160° in the sun and 121° in the shade (the latter being taken under the shade of a box outside). The heat indoors was similar to that experienced in a vapor bath, whilst out of doors every breath of air came in scorching gusts, as though over some huge furnace or bush-fire, and, -made -one involuntarily place his hands over his face for protection. The nights were close and stifling, and the attempt to obtain sleep or rest was almost more wearying and exhausting than actual work itself. On Friday, however, a change occurred, which was hailed with delight. A thunderstorm gathered np, but passed over with a few elaps of thunder and some - fitartlingly vivid flashes of lightning, not a drop of rain falling. The wind, however, changed to a new quarter and blew fresh and cool, so that although the houses retained throughout 'the nights the heat which they had acquired during the day, people had an oppor tunity of taking a cool airing outside and par tially recruiting themselves from the exhaust ing .drain which the intense heat had made upon their energies. Since Friday the heat during the day has been much more moderate. Around the township all the commonage and open country is bare of feed; water, and not grass, is however the great requirement of settlers in the interior. Reports furnish us with de plorable accounts Tjf the scarcity of this indis pensable commodity. Tanks, dams, and rivers are failing, and unless a: fall of several inches of rain -should come soon, disastrous losses will be inevitable. No doubt those who are opposed to the settlement of these binds will make all the capital they can out of the unfortunate state of things, but after all it should be re membered that it only goes to prove the neces sity which ina reeent article yon urged upon pioneer selectors of making due provision for the conservation of water supply against a time of drought. In an uncertain climate neither dams, tanks, nor running streams should be depended upon, either alone or altogether, but wells should be also sunk. Apropos of the dis paraging reports which some of our journals so eagerly spread regarding he utter failure of Riverina as a field for the selector, I was glancing the other day over the conditional purchase books in the Deniliquin Xand Office, and by the records I see that daring the last year over 100,000 acres of land were applied for in that office alone by 297 applicants. No doubt a large proportion of the land his been applied for by squatters' dummies, but why do not tlie journals which publish reports of the failure of the selectors in the district think it worth their while to comment upon the extent to which dummyism is permitted ? However, the Land Office records abundantly prove that in their heartrending accounts of the depopula tion of the country, and its abandonment by the selectors, the wish is father to the thought. — Mr. Thomas Palmer, the gentleman who sus tained sach severe injuries on the occasion of the late Hay coach accident, is still lying in a precarious state at the Royal Hotel. It will be remembered that Mr. Palmer's chief injury was a very dangerous compound fracture of the leg, which was, in fact, a complete smash*. Last week Dr. McGilvery, assisted by Dr. Noyesof this town, successfully amputated the injured limb below the knee, and. since that time Mr. Palmer's progress is reported on favorably — A fatal accident occurred here on Thursday evening to a lad about 11 years of age, a son of Mr. Hill, a shoemaker of Napier-street. The lad, in disobedience of commands, went (in company with two others) to bathe in the river behind the Police Barracks. Young Hill, who was unable to swim, got into a crabhole where the water was beyond his depth. The other two lads endeavored to rescue him, bat were not strong enough, and ere the assistance which their screams brought to the spot could arrive, young Hill was beyond the reach of aid.— A good deal of sickness has been prevalent in this neighborhood of late, more particularly amongst the infant ^portion of our population, and in this portion there has been considerable mortality. 