THE MOONDARRA SETTLEMENT. Mr R. A. F. Murray has favoured us with the followiing description of the above named locality. It will be read with much interest :— The country taken up recently between the Thomson and Tyers rivers, north of the Walhalla road, though of less extent than, is in richness equal and in some cases, superior to, that of the far-famed Brandy Creek settlement. Like the Branidy Creek, Narrican, Neerim, and other districts possessing exceptionally rich soil, the selected country of Moon darra owes its fertility to the presence of a particular geological formation, and a few preliminary words as to the geological aspect of the country may prove of interest. Early in the Tertiary epoch, rivers, ap- proximating in their courses to those of the present day, but of greater volume, and at a relatively higher elevation above sea level,brought down from the Main Divide vast accumulations of detritus into the country now traversed by the Gipps land railway; this tract was then sub merged beneath a strait, which insulated the South Gippsland ranges from the main land. During a subsequent period of volcanic activity, lava streams poured down the valleys, wholly or partially fill ing them, covering the gravels in their beds, and spreading over wide tracts where the physical configuration of the country permitted. these lavas when cooled were harder than the strafa forming the bed-rock, and the present rivers, in wearing their courses, cut deeper into the latter, leaving portions of the lava, which once occupied valleys, in the form of ele vated ridges separating the recently eroded channels. Subsequent atmospheric action decom- posed and softed the lava, which being rich in the chemical constituents essential to fertility, affords, in the places where it remains unremoved , or over which its detritus has been spread, the soil most eagerly sought after by the selector in Gippsland. Such a ridge is that crossed at Mr Pedersen's selection on the road from Tanjil to Walhalla, between the Tyers and Thomson rivers, and from here a belt of selections extendsalong the range for about six miles, in the direction of Mount Baw Baw. The decomposed, volcanic rock for the most part occupies the higher ground, but in some places extends nearly down to the beds of the smaller streams,, such as Jacob's and Cooper's creeks, especially near their heads. On the slopes direct into the Tyers and Thomson rivers the soil becomes inferior as soon as the boun- dary of the volcanic is passed, and the schistose rocks appear, though many small flats of considerable, fertility occur along the margins of the rivers themselves. The difficulties to be encountered; by the selec- tor, in the shape of scrub and heavy tim- ber, are not less than in the Brandy, creek district; in some portions repeated bush- fires have cleared the scrub and allowed a luxuriant- growth-of tussock-grass and tall fern to spring amid the heavy timber; but the latter remains, a stubborn ob- stacle to be overcome only by energetic use of axe and fire. The selectors now in occcupation seem, to a man,to be of the right stamp to subdue this wilderness; used to hard work and possessing wives and families who cheerfully share the toilsome task they have undertaken, they also appear to be men who, in their pre- vious employment, have saved enough to enable them to tide over a year or two of dead-work. To their hospitality and cour- tesy the writer can testifyfrom personal experience. ,Many hundreds of acres are now cleared and partly under, or ready for, cultivation; rough but comfortable dwellings have been erected, and gardens planted which already give rich promise for the future. English grasss flourish with wonderful luxuriance wherever sown, excellent water is obtained by sinking wells into the soft volcanic-rock, and the country, possessing 'a greater, elevation and cooler climate, seems less likely to suffer in its soil from drought than that of Brandy Creek. From its natural advantages and fine scenery, this district will at no distanct date be one of the fairest in the Gippsland mountains, unmatched for salubrity of climate, and the cradlle of a race of Vic- torian highlanders, of whom the present juvenile pioneers are fine specimen of health and hardihood. Further back to the north, between the cool streams which descend from the broad flanks of mighty Baw Baw are many choice spots which are now in course of selection and though the difficulties of communication are there increased they are by no means insur- mountable. The selectors around Jacob's creek have recently cleared a track and bridged the Tyers on a line of road marked by Mlr Liddiard to the Moe; so that before long access by vehicle may be had to the railway, a distance of about sixteen miles from Mr Pederen's selection on the Walhalla road. 'It isnot.improbable that-payable ;gold will 'venftuallkhe fohnd'if the',?ravels which underlie the volcanic between tihe Thomson and Tyers rivers, but as mining operationsrwill 'hayceto rbenconducted principjlly by tiiidels'inei thee bill aidiuc the surface occupied by selectors will re ceive little or no damage, and the two classes -miners and agriculturists-will mutually benefit one another, especially if proper legislation protect their respective interests. There is a corisiderable extent of excel lent volcanic country on the ranges be tween the Latrobe and Tyers rivers, near the goldfields of Russell's, Pheasant; and Hawthorn creeks. Here the indicatioisicof atriferous' grad?els ' beheath ; the' vitlcanie are strongly macrked, arid on 'that iacdounit tbe selector is at present excludied, though there is.no doubt that, as alove indicated, proper legislation on-thle sulject. would enable him to'eiater without prejtidice to the miner. In the interests of, the latter may be outered to our sapient legislature the following suggestions, which, if acted on, 'wrtild conduce to the prosperity of the district cveu more than thie prolonga tiou of the deadlock. It is, that, 'a ;pro specting party be employed to test the gravels beneath the basaltic tracts near Russell's Creek,- ain undertaking wvhich ilte present miiing population is toe poor to aflord. Prcospectia'g parties were care fully secit durint last year into country replorted on as caliltely to be auriferous by professional officers of thie Mining departa Incnt, tile cirrectness of whose opinions was substmantiited iy the results; it would certainly do nci ,arip. to test the value of th opictnits of t'ose cgentlelisi n stillftir thlar:".by trying "spits recommbuded 'by themc as likell, such .as it is'd ndirstood has beet' lhIcse in then'disti'riidti referred to. Judiciously expended, iia snmall outlay wnulil suficed. for the 'purose, 'nd it would be-qinit -ir actieiblk, ' by'fiiw siliple"rre.gu lations, to enable the selector tio' have the benefl! if the surface, and the miner at the same tinime to'prosecute hi' ciperation's below"' Tlie "principal dif?icclty" wpould consist in thd 'd'etinuction ditlig Clearing bytho'fornicrof'tinlb'er-required by the latter, but eve, this would be capable of adljustment without prejudice to either. As a broad general principle, it may he suggested that the selector be allowed the surface occupied, by the vlcanic rock alone, on the upper portions of the ridges; the'lower portlons of the: slopes down to creeks would thusabe left available to the I omiier for trinuielling sites add s ourcesofi timber supply, while he would have the fill' benefit of th'lo'ceekes 'for: sl.uiild operations. 