COLONIAL TELEGRAM& SPECIAL TELEGRAMS. fFrom nnr own CorresDOndents I VICTORIA. Melbourne, January 11. The Australian Eleven returned to town last night and will now disband. A meeting re the Anti-Chinese movement was held last night, at which it was resolved to form a permanent Anti-Chinese Fund. The annual sale of the Hon. Neil Black's shorthorns at Montit Noorat yesterday was fairly successful. There was brisk competition, but the prices will not compare with those of previous years, although better than at other sales recently held. The highest price realized was for a stud heifer — 115 guineas. Owing to the inconvenience to the inhabitants of the Border districts between Victoria and South Australia from the collection of Customs duties it is proposed between the two Govern ments that they should take an account of the duties for a year, and at the end of that period come to an arrangement by which the duties will be paid in a lump sum to whichever colony is found to have the balance in its favour. The South Melbourne Eleven concluded their innings for 317. The Canterbury team in then second irnings scored 134. The South Mel bourne won the match by 193 runs. A preliminary meeting is to be held on Tues day to take steps to organize a movement to assist the funds for the relief of the shareholders of the City of Glasgow Bank. According to telegrams from Hay the Kelly gang have crossed the Border. Four men, answering exactly the description of the Kellys robbed a hut at Kooba Station, near Hay, taking a double-barrelled gun and a quantity of rations and clothes. The police have started in pursuit Sailed— South Australian. Melbourne, January 12. A telegram from Hay states that the four men who crossed the Murrumbidgee at Tubbo were stockmen f romJYanco Creek. They robbed Feyer's hut near Hay, taking provisions. They have not yet been captured, although the men are believed to have been seen in Hay. Speculation is rife as to Ministerial plans in regard to the vacant Judgeship in the Supreme Court. The statement that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen will be appointed is contradicted, and the Attorney-General; will retain the acting Premier ship until Mr. Berry's return. A well-founded rumour is, however, current that on Mr. Berry's return so soon as convenient with Ministerial arrangements Sir Bryan O'Loghlen will receive the vacant Judgeship. Twenty prisoners who were arrested last week under the Out-awry Act for aiding and abetting the Kelly gang were brought up at the Beechworth Gaol on Saturday, and all remanded for a week. Several large bushfires are raging in Gipps land, doing considerable damage. Arrived — Shannon, from London. 