EGERTON (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Tttsday. tlie 2&th; infant, U'.lie day that had long been looked forward to with delight by all the children, end a great many of the adults at Gordon, for i had been arranged to hold the annual pic-nic on that day, and (ho 203 children that marched fro] . Mechanics' to the cricket reserve wenld compare favorably for their healthy app*arauce and neat attire to any from your great city. The town wore quite a holiday aBpect, the local drum and fife band playing, banners flying,and everything being done to render the rs festivities a success. Airs and Ur Buckley, Mr Bill, and Mr M'Culloch, marshalled the children to their d stination. where everything was prepared to gratify the appetite, quench the thirst, and please tho vonngsters, for an enterprising individual tad brought ieny-go-ronnd from tallarat expressly for the s n. The tarts, the bnAS, the fruit, &c.;, were all of the best. After the children had enjoyed themselves to th'ir hearts' content, and shades of evening , drawing to a close, they gave three cheers for their . teachers, three cheers to those who had contributed their mite to defray the expenses, and then dispersed to their respectivehomes. The children's ooncert was held at the Mechanics 1 Institute, Gordon, on the evening of the 24th instant, the net proceeds to be entirely devoted to pnrchase prizas for tbe scholars attending the State school, and was, 1 am happy to say, a most unqualified success, both financiallyand otherwise. Mr J. M'CcIloch was called i; .on to preside, and tbe plessures of the evening were commenced by the Misses BnckJey playing a pianoforte duet, after which the children, abont sixty in nnmter, under the able leadership of Mr John Bill, sang " Bright are the glories." "Mr J. Campiell followed, girirnr a comic song in his best style, which was vociferously encore* to such an extent that he was compelled to respond: the children a*aln slngfug two more beautiful pi:css- A vocal duet was very melodiously sung by Mrs Buckley and MrHttt. Messrs tdwards and Kobertson then put in an appearance on tbe stage, and were greeted with applause. The piece they s> ably ren dered, " ££. Patrick's Day Parade," 7 was provocative of ranch merriment, and brought the firstpart of tbe performance to a close. On resuming, Miss Buckley played in splendid 6tyle a pianoforte dnet, entitled *• Ireland QaadriHe;" after which the children gave the " Village Choristers," followed by another comic eosg by Mr J. Campbell, which, if possible, excelled tbe former one, and was londly encored. The children then sang "Bosy morn." Mr Anketell followed, in bis usnal nnassuming style, by singing > favorite eong, and was applauded. A song by the children; " Let ns bide a wee," by Miss S. Buckley; "Erin, my country," by Miss Buckley; a trio, ''The wreath," by Mes Buckley, Anketell.sod Hill,andaround, "Goodnight," , by the children, brought a most enjoyable evBniug to a close. Tbe progress made by the children in singing, under the able supervision of Mr hill, was remarked by all. and the chairman, after a most \- effective speech, called for three cheers for Mr Hill also for Mr Anketell, as he stated that that gentleman always came to the front when anything conducive to education, charity, or even amusement, for tbe young was required. Cheers were also given for Mr and Mrs Buckley and family. The usual vote of thanks to the chairman, accompanied by three hearty cheers, having been given, the meeting dispersed. I have been favored by the bead-teacher of our Etate school with a letter that gentlemen forwarded to the Board o! Advice, and, although lengthy, clearly elucidates tho practical working of the educational sohsme, aud comprises many suggestions and valuabl t remarks, also giving the results of tho last examination. " Egerton Stale school 1918, February, 1879. To correspondent Board of Advice. Ballanshire West! Sir,—1 have the honor to forward {or the information t; of the board, thefollowing reportof the examination and inspection of this school by Mr Inspector Summons:— The inspection, without notice, was held on Friday, the 14th instant; tbe examination for resultson the e 18th and 19th instant; and at both these visits pupa . teachers were examined in the art of teaching, and in class drill. In ooneequenoe of the presence of ecarlet fever in several families, the children belonging to them were not able to attend, and were not counted a liable; bnt others whe were sick, although medical certificates were shown to prove tbeir illness, were counted as present, and failing in all subjeots. So also were sevenl other absentees, for whom no excuse can be made, exoept the utter neglect ol their parents to avail themselves of the educational advantages provided by the act. I think instead of deducting it from teachers' salaries because of tbe failure of thfeir child en to attend examination, tbe parents the: selves should be liable to a £ub. Amongst f those certified as being sick were—one with broken arm, one with dysentery, one with fits ol a very dangerous character, and two lame unable to put a foot to the ground. In consequence, also, rr. of the neglect of parenls to see that their children were properly edncatod, and ci the lfdncation department to compel (Lem to do so, t^ere are a number of children in the school who are verv mnch above the age allowed for their classes The presence of these children makes the whole class over age. and for every month the class is over age one-twelfth of the resnlts of the whole class is deducted. This year we lose one-fourth of the whole marks of the fourth class, and one twelfth of the marks of the third clas.°. 1 b.g to suggest that united action on the part of the boards of advice might get the regulations on these subjects altered, so as not to be 60 unjust to the teacher, punishing him not only b a loss of money, but also ot credit, ior that which is not his fault. By omitting one chad's name and age e frsm the third class the average would he right.In th fourth class are six children above the average age allowed for the sixth olass; omit these and the avenge t would also be right. In tbe firstclass I have several children over seven and eight years old who have never been to sohool before, and who do not km t their lstters. These children hare to be examined second class scholars alter they have been six months at school, ©f course other schools suffer reduction in their resnlts from like causes,-but we seem to have a larger number of neglected children in this district than many others, for f have rever been able to - bring the average ages to the departmental standard in consequence of the continued influx of chfldren cf advanced years, fitonly for very junior classes. I am happy to be sble to state that in our fifth and sixth classes a mnch larger percentage have obtained certificates than on any previous oocasion, TO .twenty ont of thirty-six in the fifth class, and the whole of the sixth class who were not already passed. These certificates &re; only for reading,writing,andarithmetic, and though they exempt pupils from the com- , pulsory clauses of tbe Education Act, they should not be -considered—as they too often are—a sign of a child being fit to leave schooL They should rather be regardedas an incentive to greater diligence and a more regular attendance, and the study of some extra subjects, so as to fitthem to compete at higher public examinations. Even this excellent resultwould have been exeeded bnt for the very irregular manner , in which a number of children attend school The mistaken notion seems to have got into thB heads of some parents', and the number is increasing, that if their children attend school thB minimum nnmter of days required by the act they are doing all that is required ol" them, aud eome even keep a recordof attendance, so lhat when the thirty days per quarter have been n^o up they may keep them away frothing could be more injurious to the train ing of our young than this. All idea ."ol regular work, of steady application, is stmt ont of the child's life, and I do net liedfate to say this will prove injurious to' them throughout their career; that it will be a bar to their success in whatever may bB their occupation ®r position. I consider the formation of regular and orderly habit!—the doing of a certain regularwork r = i. if the most important parts of in our Stale schools. The accompanying retun shows the actual percentage of \- passes gained by the children present to be S8-696: that allowed by inspector 80766. which is a gain of nearly 3 per cent on previous examination, 'j heloss h through absentees and lover ages, is 7-93 par cent, or over one-thirteenth of the whole 1 have &c.; Ben. PopptEH- EU.." Master John Jones passed in literary subjects as first-class pupH teacher and In h teaching and drill for third anS second classes. Eels to be examined in teaching for firstclass again at nex visit of inspector. Miss B. Popplawell passed as second-c'ass pnpil teacher in all subjects, and in foiir i out of six subjects tor firstclass. One of the finestdraught horses that we had in-the district, belonging to Mr Oanobe, died on the 24lh ē instant. The animal seemed nnwell two or three days previous to its death, and a veterinary surge- n tenfior from Ballarat, who, on arrival, immediately .pronounced the disease to be acute inflammation, and prescribed woordinglyr bat mortification speedily, followed, all power to mvo ftenoor beast Tanisheij and-the result was death. Mr Oanobe valued him at sixty-guineas. _ ; Sjgsrton has beenmanifested very clearly to U* eyes id pockets of the ratepayers, during the past three Somhs; and, as I reported thB other div, Gordon is to have a tank sunk, at the cost of £100, what are we doing In s lowing £300 io be. lying idle in «ie treasury that was 'pasiod mjnths sko lar -» dam -, to be erected to hola . water Tor linking purposes. If ths -inhabitants cannot £x upon a site suitable, a vary favorable suggestion was mads by a gentleman the othar day, that a similar lank might bo sunk near ths school ground. The water from tbe iron n>of of our large school would All any bole or tank of the largest dimensions during the coining winter, Slid if kept as a^stand-by lor summer,-such would prove en incalculable blesting to the inhabitants, if only -far its purity as drinkingmler. Perhapslhe water supply committee wfll shortly decide what oourse to adopt. The preparation, made by our sportsmen ior the 1st of Marob is ray apparent by must cf them taking the precaution to thoroughly examineand cloantheir guns "prior tomakfng an onMinghton the hares; and although hundreds of these creatures have come lb an untimely end by the large bush-fires, traversing snob a large space ol country, yet report savs they ereetfll very plentiful No longer ago than last Sunday a fine one was.stsrtedby-a Jad in-fhe State icbnol-reserve.and fieddown Into the main street, where it was BMbymgrayhDund; .' ' A bush -fins nn a gigantic toale ns visible ftotnthe Mount on the evening^ the 26th instant, and as far as I could judge appeared to ie~. between IsUkevflle: Ths woodsplitters who had eK- iliafc-cst'Vaoiinnsumedliyflra on the" lion to the directors ol thelfleck £orse and I&ehonj; quartz companies Ior * little temporary relief, and if tho companies will favorably entertain their appeal they will bs for ever gratefuL 