ITEMS OF NEWS. Another case of diphtheria has been admitted to the hospital. Tho annual meeting of the Mount Alexander and Upper Loddon Agricultural and Pastoral Society will -be held at Newstead on Monday evening, when officers will be elected for the year. The Nuggotty Company had a cleaning up from 257 tons pf mullock, which gave a return of 27oz 7dwt, which, being an average of more than 2dwt a ton, pays ' well) as the mullock does not.cost ldwt a ton for carting and crushing. On Wednesday the house of Mr Jolly, char coal, burner, at Elphinstone, was totally de stroyed by fire, also the property of Mr Symon- son in tho same locality, his farm bciiig com pletely destroyed. It is not known Ivhether it was insured. A girl about six years of ago,' namod Hunter, living at Chinaman's Creek, while playing with a glass bottle; nearly cut off the thumb of her right hand. A boy named Barrass received a severe wound by stepping on a glass bottlo. He was taken to' the hospital, as also was the girl Hunter. A serious accident happened to a horse at the railway station. Seeing the train approaching, the animal attempted to jump the fence, and caught through the picket snapping. A piece of wood nine inches long buried itscif in tlie horse's groin. The animal was promptly liber ated and the wood extracted. It was worth L20. The butchers' assistants of Oastlemaine met on Wednesday evening, at LI'Lean's Corner hotel, to settle accounts in comioetion with tho late match with their Sandhurst brothers of the cleaver. The expenses were rather inorb than was expected, but through the liberality of all parties concerned, masters and employees. balannn . romai. -in l.J.i J,-' wJUcll will form tho nucleus of a fund for future matches. On Saturday next a cricket match will be played at Wattle Flat between the North Ben- digo Cricket Club and the local players. The visitors will arrive by the 0110 o'clock' train; and will proceed to the ground at once, where aelosOi contest may be expected. The local 'team will be chosen from the following : — Bristow, Cock, Campbell, Conn, Grose, Hannah, Henry) Jen kins, Kinlock; Layers (2), Matthews, Muirhead', Robb, Viek. ; Our readers are reminded that Herndon's Dramatic Company will appear in the theatre to'r night, in the drama of the Irish Exile. Mr Herndon will be remembered for bringing the first company here that ./'played : : Uncle Tom's Cabin, and for taking the part of the Quaker whioh ho played with great ability, while his young daughter Bella played little 'Eva. I11 to nights drama Mr J. J." Wallace is the central figure, while next in importaheb to him is Miss Herndon. The 'first is":i'patnot, and aftorwards the exile, while the latter first appears as the daughter of Lord Kilgour, but is in reality the daughter of the 'exile.' . The drama contains many excitiiig scenes; and' has been ivell patronised-by the public. - !'f Castlemaine was surrounded by "stnoko from bush-fires yesterday, that remained so delists tlil tho afternoon that it intercepted the rays of the sun, and thus kept the temperature lower than it would otherwise liavo been. It was three o'clock beforo:tlie'sun shono out in fiery fierce ness. At half-past three the thermometer at Mr Fiuto11'b stood at 99ddg. in the shade. ' A busli- 'firo,' which' burnt up tho grass on Mr Muirhead's paddocks; at .Chinamau's Crook yesterday, and which endangered a lot of cattle, is said to have originated through a woman lighting a fire near tlie croek in order that she might wash clothes. Thord ' was also a bush-fire at White Gum, a place situate bet weon Chinaman's and Barker's Creek. At Moffiitt's S tation, Ravens wood, the damage has been very great, a flock of sheep was nearly roosted";'' it was at 0110 critical time suri rounded on every side by tho flames, but it happily escaped death by lire. Tho shareholders in tlio Fryers Company wore in high spirits yesterday 011 being informed that 011 tho previous ovening a- run of gold of great richness had been struck in tho Hope ground.' It was found' by following up the mullock or fluccan, a stone from which was brought in by tho milling manager 011 Saturday, and this led to a thin leader of great richness. In the morning of yesterday a gentleman from Mclbourno pur chased 150 shares from a gentleman in Castle maine, and tho seller had not parted with this lot above an hour when I10 heard of tlio dis covery in the 1111110. Ho has tho impression ho was got at, but ho cannot conceive how tlio buyer could have obtained tho iiijorination, and is inclined to think I10 could not havo got it. Iti reference to tho above, tho mining manager re ports : — The reef struck on Wednesday night is widening out, and looks permanent. Somo of tho specimens contain from 2oz to 3oz of solid gold. A magisterial inquiry was hold at the hospital yesterday by Mr J. W. Pearce, on tho body of Robert Edo. According to tho testimony of James Sennotte, a ganger 011 the railway, I10 went with a party to put out a bush-firo at llavenswood 011 Wednesday. Deceased was tliuro wandering about among tho fire, as if out of his mind, and stated ho had nothing to cat since 8 o'clock in tho morning, and was exhausted for want of food and drink. In about 20 minutes after this conversation deceased became uncon scious, and seemed to bo dying. He staggered as if drunk, and fell against Petor Mellane and Williamson, who had him carried to the shade of a tree, Deceased had beon ill the colony for about 18 years, Dr. M'Grath, who made the post-mortom examination, stated I10 iad no liopo of deeoascd recovering when 110 saw hini 011 admission to tho hospital. Ho Was suflenng fioin apoplexy, brought 011 by oxtremo lioat. There was a largo quantity of wator found in tho von- trielcs of the brain, and offusion of serum was the immediate causo of tho death of deceased. A verdict was returned in accordance with the medical testimony. Tho half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Malmsbury Confluence was hold 011 Wednes day, at the offices, at 31 Queen-street. Mr S. S. Ritchie took tho chair. Tho mining manager was present, and gavo a very satisfactory report of tho progress of the works at tho 1111110. Ho stated that washing had been commenced with good results, and a second puddling-niachine was in course of erection, and would soon be com pleted. Tlio roports and accounts wero read and adopted, and the retiring directors and auditor were re-elected. It is reported that payable gold has been struck five miles from Parkcs, New South Wales. Foley and Hieken aro to fight for £1000 aside in Victoria, according to the Sydney Even ing News, and £200 asido is already deposited. A sad accident occurred at Taiiunda, South Australia, 011 Wednesday. A man named Hanisch was leading a horse 111 a cart. In trying to stop the liorso tho shaft of the cart wont through his chest ; lie fell and broko his neck. Two children were in the cart at the time. O110 was killed and the other is in a precarious state. A most disastrous firo broke out at Omeo 011 Wednesday shortly boforo tln'oo o'clock a.m., which at 0110 time threatened to destroy all of one side of Day- street, including M'Queen and Johnson's stores, tho post office, Clare's Hotel, and other buildings. The principal hotel, the Golden Ago, has been burnt to the ground. A party of anglers, writes the Geelong Adver tiser of the 29th inst, located themselves the other afternoon near a place called the Sheepwash at the Connewarre Lakes, and there had a good deal of excitement in the way of 'bites.' The lake appeared to be swarming with sharks, and 31, measuring about 2ft in length each, were landed. One shark, said to be 6ft long, seized the hook and line of the angler, and swam off with rod and tackle. "Some excitement was causod during the pro gress of Divine service on Sunday evening last,' relates tlio Wahgungah and Rutherglen News of tlio 28th inst., " by tho falling and bursting of ii kerosene lamp. Shortly after the service had commenced, and while the congregation wero en gaged at prayer, a sudden crash was heard, and on looking up tho spectators were horrified to observe that a lamp had fallen and its contents were spreading ovor tlio floor in a mass of flames. Many of the ladies present rushed out of tho church while a few gentlemen endeavoured to stifle the flames. After some time success crowned their efforts, and, the servico was pro: eeeded with. " The fatal racing accident at Rochester is thus described by the Bendigo Advertiser : — " A young man named William Nesbitt was riding a. liorso called The Nut, which in company with Fraud, bolted off from tho first hurdle. The jockeys, however, had them well in hand and quickly turned' them round to go back and face the'tinihers. Iti running back, and whilst in the act of turning again Fraud caiinohcd against The Nut) aiid the two horses and riders were knocked to the ground.' Tlie rider of the former at once got up, but not his companion (Nesbitt), who received a severe wound oil the head, either froui a kick' or being trod upon by one of tho horses and although assistance was at once rendered tci uiifortunato young man, it was found lie was dead.1' A! man, name unknown, was found dead in the Richmond paddock at six p.m. oh Wednes day by Constable M'lntyre. The deceased was about sixty-five" years of age, about 5 feet 8 inches in height, stout, fair complexiou, grey hair and whiskers, shaved, upper front teeth missing. Tho body was dressed in a grey tweecl suit. There wero no marks of violenee on the body. From letters found in deceased's pockets it appeared his name was BwJkont. nn,,ot.,Lio M-iihyio was informed by a gentleman named Thompson, residing at' Ke'w,; that the deceased had fallen down and died in his (Thompson's) arms, about a quarter of an hour beforo M'lhtyr'eV arrival.' "A silver watcli," gold chain and 9s in silvor were found on tlie ; body, , which" has been removed, to the morgue, where, states the Age, it awaits identification. , ' The Ecliuea Police Court was adjourned in a rather peculiar manner 011 Tuesday morning: Mr Graham Webster, police magistrate, and Mr Henry, Lutli; J. P., being on the bench. A de fendant in a fraud summons case was giving evi dence, the man being in Mr Luth's emuloy. The defendant in tlie case pleaded in extenuation of his not satisfying the verdict that he had suf fered from illness, earned small wages, and had a' large family to provide for. Mr Luth said poor men had no right to have large fainilies; whibh'th'ey could not keep. As lie had made several irrelevant remarks beforo, Mr Webster requested liim to maintain silence, intimating that lie would adjoiirn'the:court if Mr Luth coiP tiliued his conduct. Mr Lutli said I10 did hot e iro what the chairman did. Mr Webster theii adjourned the cases unheard to Friday noxti remarking that ho was sorry to be forced into that course, -but the reason was obvious to all. A very painful feeling has been created throughout tlio whole of East Ivent by the mur-' der of Mi- Arthur Gillow, the son of a farmer, owing to the fact that tho deceased gentleqiaii was widely known and esteemed, aud that his death, ; it is believed, has arison from tho labourers' strike. A man is in custody on suspicion, but two others, it is said, are impli cated. The accused was a ploughman in the employ of tho deceased, and since he has beon ill custody lie has attemptod to commit suicido by outting his throat. Mr Gillow was watchintr a steam plough 011 his father's grounds, which 'if1!! Iwi injured, when I10 was murdered, and his head and face were not only battered in with a hedge-stake, hut it lias been found that his throat was cut from ear to ear, and his coat caro- fufiy buttoned up round his neck afterwards. A large reward has been offered for the discovery 'of tho murdorers, and detectives aro engaged, in addition to the county force, in the capture of the assassin. The Wesloyan Conference continued its sit tings in Melbourne 011 Wednesday. Tlio lnorn- iug, sa3'3 tlie Age, was chiefly occupied witli the consideration of the report of the loan com mittee. At the afternoon sitting permission was granted to soil a pieco of land at Paywit, in tho Drysdale Circuit; a church at Opossum Gully, in the Ararat Circuit ; to oxchange a portion of ground at Murtoa, 111 the Horsham Circuit, for another portion of equal size ad joining the present site ; to sell tho parsomvu at Campbell's Creek, in the Oastlemaine Circuit, also land adjoining Campbell's Creek church; parsonago in Forest-street, Sandhurst, 011 con dition that a new 0110 be built without increas ing tho liability of either trustees or circuit ; parsonage at Eclmca, subject to the conditions that £1000 of tho proceeds be applied to tho providing of a new parsonago, the balance to go to tho trust funds ; to sell tho church and land at Adelaide Mill, in tho Blackwood circuit. Tho application for permission to soli the Warniam- bool parsonage was acceded to, subject to tho ap proval of tho loan fund committee. Permission was also granted to sell land at Emerald-hill, and a little church at Wahring, in the Seymour I circuit. .A committee of tho Affiliated College | reported that tlie land in tho University re- serve had beon fenced at a cost of £238, and j measures of preservation adoptod. The Rev. I W. A. Quick had secured promisos to tho 1 amount of £1000 ; and Alderman M'Arthur had promised £1000 for himself and brother. Tboy lucommondc'l that tho question of endowment bo romittod for consideration during tho coming year. A groat firo pccurrod at Grey tow 11, 111 tho pio- vincb of Wellington, 011 Tuesday, lho Govern- mont buildings and several houses havo beon ( destroyed. Tho loss is stated at £12,000. j Some time during Monday night, roports tho 1 Bondigo Advertiser, a farmer named Charles | Niblott, had the whole of his crop destroyed by j firo. It scorns that Mr Niblott lias rpccntly 1 boon working very hard in order to got Ins gram stacked in time to tako tlio threshing maohino . in his turn, and had completed his labours and ; got everything ready to commence threshing 1 the next day, when tlie machino would bo at | his place. His crop of oats and wheat, from which I10 expected to havo at least 100 bags of grain, besides 10 tons of hay stacked, was en tirely destroyed. Tlio cause of the fire is un known, and it is suspected to be the work f an incendiary, as everything was all safo vvhon Mr Niblett and Ins family retired for the night. A liighbour, Mr Broadway, happened to bo up rather late on Monday, and noticing a bright glare proceeding from the direction of Mr Niblctt's stack-yard, ho at once started oil to givo tho alarm, and, 011 arriving at Niblett s, was horified to find the whole of tho stacks 011 (ire. He roused up Mr Niblott, but nothing could bo dono to save tho stacks, and it was only by tlio most strenuous efforts of all parties that Mr Niblctt's homestead and outhouses wero saved. Tlio loss will be a vovy heavy one on Mr Niblott, as his stacks were not insured, and thus in a few hours the labors of tho past year was swept, away. 