FACTS AND SCRAPS. (From the Papen.) A TERRIFIC storm hos occurred in .the South- eastern districts of Victoria, with extensive bush fires, which did great damage. .One fire made a clean sweep of all the farms between Worrolong and Glenburnie. Several of the farmers lost everything they possessed, houses, stables, crops and stock, in a few minutes. A shepherd, named Oaks, was burnt to death. The skeleton of a young child, wrapped in flannel and linen, was found on the morning of the 4th instant, by the storekeeper at the waterworks, Brisbane, concealed in one of a number of spare water-pipes kept in the reservoir paddock, Wickham-terrace. The remains were removed to the monroe, and sub- sequently examined by Dr. Hobbs, who reported that there were no marks of violence upon the bones, but of course it is impossible to say bow the child came by its death. A telegram recently received by the Com- missioner of Police states that the blacks at Bowen have been fighting among themselves, and that two gins and a blackfellow were found murdered near the town on Thursday, 27th ultimo. The first of the uew torpedo boats being built for the Government of New South Wales has been completed ; she made a trial trip on 1st instant and attained a speed of si x teen knots per hour. The vessel is expected to work up to twenty-five. A boat's crew are supposed to have been drowned outside Newcastle Head. They went out fishing on Saturday morning 1st instant, and portions of the boat-two pairs of paddles and a quantity of dead schnapper were subsequently washed ashore ; but as yet no traces of the bodies of the men have been discovered. The rumor regarding thc sticking up of a stores at Gilberton hos proved correct. Two men, one known as "Jim, the native," and another who has not been identified, bailed np all hands in the store, and broke the key of the safe in endeavouring to open the door. They then tried to break open the safe with au axe, but were unsuccessful. They shot at one man, thc bullet passing through bis hat. The robbers subsequently got away with a few pounds, but nothing more. Sub-inspector Kierman and constables are in pursuit. Mr. Lucas has given notice in the Legis- lative Assembly of New South Wales 'of a series of resolutions to secure reserves for schools, public recreation grounds, public buildings, and other purposes, in all cities, towns, and villages, and providing that, in cases where the purchase of land for such purposes has become necessary, the cost shall be defrayed from the proceeds of auction sales of Crown lands. A terrible accident occurred on Thursday morning 27th ultimo, to Johu Taylor, a fire- man at the Collingwood Steam. Paper Mills, New Soutli Wales. While engaged in his usnnl duties with the engine, the boiler suddenly burst. Taylor was blown to a con- siderable distance, and was fearfully scalded all over the back, legs, and arms. One side of his face also was greatly injured hy the scalding steam. The sufferer was brought to Sydney and taken to the Infirmary, where he is now in a very critical condition. A deputation of farmers waited on thc Minister of Crown lands, South Australia, on the 28th ultimo, asking that their payments for the land they occupied might be deferred until after next harvest, owing to thc failure of the last crops. Thc Commissioner intends to deal with each case according to its merits. A discovery of a very important nature is reported by the Press to have loen made at Ohio Creek, Tarama, Thames gold-fields, New Zealand Thc discovery consists of a lead and silver deposit in thc Little Argus claim. A sample of thc test was highly favourable, as thc ore was found to contain .r>0 per cent of lead, with an average of £2 worth of silver ami 1) dwt. 13 gre. gold |»r ton. A small quantity of copper was also found. Five tons have been forwarded to Sydney by the Hero for analysis. Six tons await shipment to Eneland. Wc learn from our files of London papers received viii Suez, that a requisition to the 1/ord Mayor waa in course of signature by a number of bankers, merchants, manufacturers, and others carrying on business in the City of findon, requesting his lordship to " convene a public meeting, irrespective of party ¡wlitics, in thc Guildhall, to memorialise the Govern- ment to appoint a Parliamentary inquiry into the prolonged depression of trade, with a view, if necessary, cf modifying our present so-called trade system." A young man named Albcrtson, a son nf a farmer at Dungowan, N.S.W., met with a horrible death on Saturday, March 1. He slipped into the threshing-machine, and was =o fearfully mutilated that be died before a doctor could reach bim. Thc loss sustained by the Mount Gambier, Victoria bushfire is estimated at £0000. Many families have been rendered utterly destitute, and their children have been left with only their night clothes to wear, and they «ore not dressod when their parents commonceil fighting with thc fire. Some assistance has been sent to them from Gambier town. A Kew Zealand palter states that a private letter received in Wellington says that MÍBS Carmichael, the heroine of the Loch Ard, had became insane. It will be remembered that only Miss Carmichael and Tom Pearce, a mid- shipman, wera saved from the wreck, tho young lady losing her father, mother, sisters and brother. She went home to reside with a relative, but the shock resulted in her mind becoming unhinged. Toe wheat crops are turning out well at O'Connor, N. S. W" and estimated to yield 34 bushels to the acre. An excellent average will be obtained, but the farmers arc depressed for the want of a market, Telegrams from Bingera, N. S. W., report heavy and continuous rains, and it is feared that expensive Booda will be the result. The mails from Warialda were detained all last week, the coach having to he boated across, an operation which nearly resulted in tho drowning of the two horses. The rain has been tbs heaviest experienced here for the past five years. Grass is abundant. A youth named Münk, seventeen years of , age, has been arrested on account of his writing to Count Adlerberg, the Governor of Finland, begging him to take measures for his safety, os lie bod been seised with an impulse to assassinate him, which for the time he had overcome, but which he was afraid might revive. When arrested he was armed with a dagger. . 