THE extension of the railway line to Horsham is one of those events upon which no reasonable comment can be made that is not a word of congratulation. As Sir GEORGE BOWEN remarked in his speech on the occasion, the line virtually adds another province to Victoria; for, being a purely agricultural district, local produce could not have found a market, unless cheap and easy means of communication had been opened np. It is a truism that, without railways, agriculture is a pursuit that cannot be successfully followed in the interior districts. Projects- of opening up and settling the lands are at best bat useless theories, until the coaetry is made accessible, from end to end, by good roads; and, in a new country, like tbis, a little public extravagance in that direction might readily be pardoned by the sternest professor of political economy. A Government that shows itself anxious to extend the railway lines into every centre of settlement deserves well of the country, and might reasonably be pardoned a score of minor errors in its administration. There is no more welcome item of news in the morning's newspaper than the announce ment of the opening np of a new branch of the great iron roadway. The event, to the residents in the quarter favored, is a positive accession of good fortune; whilst, for the general community, it is an additional proof of progress and assured prosperity. Sir GEORGE BOWEN may well congratulate himself, on eeveriDg his connection with Victoria, that he has so frequently enjoyed the privilege of performing this always pleasant ceremony during his six years of government No less than 693 miles of line have been added to the 359 miles that were open for working when his Excellency first came amongst us. This makes 1052 miles now in work, with 125 miles more in courae of construction. And, to crown all, thd new loan will provide for the making of 1121 miles of new lines. These are facts and figures that show well before the world, and that have an effect upon the mind of the intelligent foreigner and the distant capitalist a thousand times greater than that produced by snappish leading articles in partisan journals. They are the facts and figures upon which the distant capitalist is induced, not merely to form his opinion of the country, bat to open his parse-strings and lend it his money. Up till the present time no less than £15,285,000 has been expended on our railways; and the proof that the expenditure was justifiable is seen in the simple fact that the lines are now paying four and one-tenth per cent, per annum on that outlay. In any other country in the world this return would be looked on as highly remunerative. In the old country any amount of capital can be had at any time on an assured return of four per cent, and when the foregoing facts and figures are known io London, the Chief Secretary will not have the slightest difficulty in raising the additional loan be seeks for, on terms very advantageous to the colony. The case lies in a nutshell. It is not a matter of the BERBY Ministry bong in -"powers nor of there being a long- standing dispute between the two Houses ; nor of an appeal to the Home .Govern-' ment bong needful to adjust the constitutional difference. J In fact, it is not a question of local politics at «ll. What the foreign capitalist wants to know is all about our railways; how much we have spent on them already; what return they make; and how .much more money is necessary to complete our railway system. What cares he aboat a trivial point of difference on a dry constitutional point between the two Houses? What to him are a thousand carping and aarcastic articles in the Argue, or. .any. other partisan journal ? A few lines of figures, given on unquestionable authority, [and a -few ronobuiative facte, of -the -kind - istated .so weU 'ty Sir-G^BGE BOWEN in his speech at Horsham, are &1I that be concerns himself about .Qn. the faith of these,-the English capitalist Teadily opens his pockets and pools ont iiis .millians. " Don't talk to me," lie «xdi&ii4; M ifemt yim trnmpery local sgoabblea. ' A country that baalovsatea over £is,2s0jppp JOB its iaOways, and gets from them a return of 4 and l-10th per cent;: cannot te badly governed." His. .Inference is perfectly right, moreover. When' all iss been said, what the cause for despondency in the present • position or prospects of this country ? There is absolutely none at all. Its internal condition is about as satisfactory as that of any other country on the face of the earth; and its external credit iB certainly not below that of any other country. To whine about misgovernment and impending ruin in such a case is simply absurd. Every word spoken by the Governor at the Horsham festival had the true ring. Every word was warranted by facts. And it was a very excellent speech for any Governor to be able to make at the end of a six years' reign. The captions and ungracious comments made on that speech by certain Opposition journals may be passed by with contempt. They were equally out of place and mistimed. What signify a few phrases, in the face of facts that plainly demonstrate the growing prosperity of the colony ? Words are but breath, but facts are eternal. And every syllable spoken by the Governor at Horsham had palpable and undeniable facts for its basis. A DUTY is cast upon the inhabitants of this colony by the recent destructive bush fires which have ravaged the country districts, and it is one which we trust will not be overlooked. That duty is to put their hands in their pockets and do something of a really practical kind for the unfortunate families which have suffered by these terrible devastations. . Since Black Thursday, the anniversary of which returned the day before yesterday, there has been nothing of the like kind occur in tbis colony at all comparable with the events of the last few days. There have been bush fires of course, and a great deal of mischief was caused while they lasted. But we cannot call to mind any time when so much damage was done to property as the last few days have produced ; or when the assistance of thegeneral public, to alleviate distress in the bUBb, was so greatly and deservedly needed. Froi nearly all parts of tbe colony come accounts of crops destroyed, farms burnt, houses consumed, and families rained; and there is very little doubt that the loss sustained will be foond to be much larger than is supposed now, when the whole story comes to be told. The bush fires have been raging east, west, north and south, with demoniacal fury; and it is possible that a state of things like this could prevail for nearly a week without great injury to property and ruin to house' holders being caused. Worst of all, in the Colac district,, as will be seen by a report which appears elsewhere, several human lives have fallen a sacrifice to the flames; thus greatly adding to the terrible nature of the visitation. It is very clear indeed that great distress has been produced by the bush fires of the last week; and it iB equally clear that those who have escaped from their disastrous effects should do something towards the relief of thoBe who have not been similarly favored. In a case of thiB Mud we should be as one man in affording help; and we shall certainly .not be true to our traditions if we neglect this duty. In our own neighborhood these fires have been severely disastrous; and this is more particu larly the case in the Egerton district. There the fire has done its work with real unmi tigated fury. As our columns showed yes terday, the damage in that part of the district is spread over a broad area of country, and a number of families have been completely ruined by these fires. Everything that could burn has been swept away by the relentless flames; and nothing bnt blackened walls, scorching grass, burnt crops, and blank rmn remains to mark the course of the destroyer. The aspect indeed of the Eger ton district is most pitiable; and the fact that a number of families have lost everything they possessed in the world by the occurrences of the past week, only makes the tale which comes from that spot the more bitter and heartrending. Taking these fires, however, as a whole, they have proved a very serious visitation to a large portion of the Victorian community. It is only a matter of duty, therefore, that assistance should be rendered to the sufferers by those who have escaped the calamity, and that no time ehould be loBt in making arrangements necessary for tbe purpose. The distress, in short, is really great; and, therefore, the response should be speedy and-effective. Particulars of a fearful buih-fire and terrible loss ot life, in the neighborhood of Colac, will be found published in another column. The hot weather continued yesterday, but minus the northerly hot wind, which had the effect of making the atmosphere less oppressive. The highest range of the thermometer was in the morning at about eleven o'clock, when it registered 101 in the shade. During the afternoon a light easterly breeze sprung up, which made the smoke which covered the city and town more dense; but towards evening the weather became much more endurable by the presence of a cool south- easterly breeze. Sad tales of destruction by the bush-fires continue to reach ns, and by the courtesy of Mr J. J. Smith (Drewand Smith), who returned froi Blakeville last evening, we learn that between Ballan and Blakeville nearly all the fences on both sides of the road ore entirely consumed, together with «he woodwork of several of the bridges and culverts. Amongst the sufferers in that direction Mr Ashton has lost all his crop; Mr Levin' homestead and crop (in stack); Mr Bird, ali his crop; Mr M'Crae, fencing and crop. Several other farmers and selectors have also suffered in a like manner, and when Mr Smith left Ballan last evening the fire was burning furiously in the Garibaldi Ranges. The exertions of Mr Thomas Martin, tbe head teacher of the Bradsbaw's Creek State school, in saving the building, are highly commended in the neighborhood, for it appears that the fire burnt close up to the building all around, and reduced everything to ashes, leaving the buOdink unscathed, with the exception that the paint on the weatherboards wss blistered. We regret, therefore, that thongh the building has been saved the plucky master haa been left without pupils' owing to the destruction of their parents'homesteads. Mr Pryor, the patentee of the eafety-cage, which has gained such favorable comment, exhibited yesterday morning, at the Unicom Passage, Sturt street, a cage with his invention attached, which he has made to the order of Mr Philip Davies manager of the South Lead Company, Fortes,' N.S.W. A large number of gendemen interested in mining pursuits, inspected the apparatus during' the day, and generally expressed themselves to the effect that the invention was the best-yet before the public. The cage is of the ordinary description, but the shsckle-ring, which bean the full weight of the cage, is attochea to a sliding tar working netwMn the two uprights. To this bar Is con? nectea two pair of grippers, one pair at each side or the cage. When tbe cage is in position, and bean any strain upon the rope, these grippers are orawn up at an angle dear of the shaft, mtbin upright bare, but immediately thestnin Is off, as in the case of a rope breaking or any other uadent, the shackle ring falls down the slide, and the grippers extend against the sides of the shaft and grip instantly; the expansion *>f the grippers bang equal to about 8 indies on eadi sided the shaft But the inventor lias lately introduced an important addition; which has made it extremely valuable in mines, by which tbe miner in descending -tbe shaft, if observing anything wrong, can instantly check the cage is the shaft by placiwr his hand on a trigger bolt, which bringsth! gnppera into play. The invention can 'be affixed to any ordinary cage-at a-total expense of abont *10; and, considering die late sad occurrence at the.Oriental mine, StaweU, ana Britannia claim, Vsuarat East, no company should be without some-such means to ensure the' safety of its employSs; Mr Davies is perfectly satisfied of to efficacy,-and JntenSst Jre -understand, io -reoom- •nend us adoption to tbe Hew South Wales JR" T ®™ Counifl bad its wnal.debate lut sight on tbe necesrfty for rataWishing* tdeRraoh ^office, post office, and Tnoney order office to Bs£ SSL ^SflLP 16 rannffl lias . expressed it views very decidedly with reipect to this matter on SIS? i^W timesW the council's rahes got to Melbourne, but there they have been always quietly but effectually throttled by what is known as red-tapeiBm. Then comes a nice letter to the council commencing," I have the bonor, by direction," politely declining the telegraph office, the post office also, and likewise the money order office. Bat the next meeting the council always seeB the three offices on the notice-paper in one form or another, so the little game goes on. The council has pitted deputations, strong petitions, and members for the district against their enemy in Melbourne, but the hostile one has routed them aU. Councillor Scott last night, in giving his experience of a -visit to the ogre's retreat, said that his requestwas complied with—on paper—quite cheerfully as soon as he asked. Nay, it was even written down in a book in red ink. And what was tbe result? Why, the " I have the bonor by direction," read last night at the Town Council wss stronger in negativing the post, telegraph, and money order offices than ever. That was simply cruel, after the red ink. Mr James gave his opinion on the matter at the council table last night, and said if tbe council only followed up vigorously what they were doing they would certainly get what they wanted. Consequently, the council, with cheerful readiness, set to work again, and passed Councillor Scott's motion, to the effect that the three offices were an absolute necessity, and resolved to send a copy of the resolution to the Postmaster-General, another to the members for the district, and thanked Mr James for hiB attendance. A report of the proceedings appears elsewhere. Another old identity has passed away from amongst us. Peter Cormack, a well-known carpenter, resident in Ballarat twenty-five years, and fifteen years previous to that in Sydney, died in the Ballarat District Hospital on the Gth instant, after a long illness. He was much respected by a large circle of friends. Hannah Mason, an elderly woman, who left the Hospital some little time ago, and desired to gain admission to the Benevolent Asylum, and who was, while waiting at the holding of a committee meeting of the latter institution, kept in the Gaol hospital, died rather snddenly on Thursday. Her death was apparently caused by a complication of disorders, but Mr Thomson yesterday held & magisterial enquiry into the cause of her death, but hiB finding we have not yet been able to ascertain. A lad named Bichard Pitcher was admitted into the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a wound on the left shin, which he inflicted accidentally with an axe he was using at Baglan on the day previous. The twenty-eighth half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Banking Company was held at the bank chambers yesterday afternoon. The half- yearly report and balance-sheets showed that the affairs of the bank are in a very flourishinecondition, and that tbe business is steadily and profitably increasing. The reports, &c.;, will be found elsewhere in our columns, and, by referring to them, it will be seen that, in spite of a general falling-off in deposit accounts in most banks, this one has an advanced business in that particular. The grass profits for the half-year amount to £8236, as against £8001 for the previous six months. The usual dividend of 10 per cent, was declared, and will be payable on and after Monday next. Constable Doyle, who has been stationed at Wendouree for some months past, has been moved to the Bedan station. During bis retention on duty at the Lske, Constable Doyle gave, hy his assiduous attention to his duties, every satisfaction to the people residing in his district; and, though his removal IB generally viewed with favor by them—as it means his advancement—they nevertheless regret losing his services. He carries with him to his new Bphere of action the good wishes of the people with whom he has been recently connected in bis official capacity, as constable in charge of tbe Wendouree district The monthly meeting of the Town Mission committee wss held on Friday evening. Present, Mr D. Ham, chairman, and Messrs W. Little, J. S. Kelly, D. Cooke, J. Whitehead, M. Hosking, and J. Summerscales. The missionary reported that 131 viBits had been made in domestic visitation since last meeting. Tbe sum of £12 3s Gd had been given away amongst eighty-four cases of sickness or distress. Several applications were made by outside churches for the missionary's services, all of which it was -found necessary to decline. The treasurer reported that although the sum of £50 had been recently contributed by members of the committee to assist the mission, the SUB. tentation fund was completely exhausted, and no funds were in hand to pay the missionary's salary. It was resolved to hold a special meeting of the finance committee to take immediate steps for collecting money. The meeting closed wiih the ususl benediction. A gentleman who was travelling from Stawell yesterday morning to Melbourne, left his seat it railway carriage on arriving at the Western railway station, thinking that he would find it nnoc cupied on his returp, as the luggage denoted that the seat hsd been taken np. On his return, he found that another person had ensconced himself in it, and, with a decided Bhow of ill-breeding, refused to leave it. The original occupier of the seat attempted to regain it by force, but was unable to do so, and the station-master, on being appealed to, decided in favor of the new-comer, on the ground that the seat was public property when once vacated. The station-master was right.no doubt, but the code of honor laid down by travellers invariably admits the right of a traveller to resume his seat, even should he leave it for a while, and ordinary politeness should suggest to the nocus homo "withdrawal by request." Mr Banco, J?P., presided at the Town Police Court yesterday, and fined James Coyle20s seven days' imprisonment, for using obscei language. A dismounted parade of the Prince of Wales V.V.L.H. was held at the Alfred Hall last night, when, considering the weather, there was a very good attendance. Captain Wilson was in command, and after the troop had been put through some manoeuvresjwhich they executed in a very creditable manner, the men were dismissed in the usual way. A shed at the back of the Kent hotel, Clones, took fire yesterday, and made a terrific smoke, but the flames were soon extinguished by the ready energy displayed in attacking them. The firebell, however, sounded an alarm, and drew people into the streets, where the sun's heat was piercing at the time, the thermometer standing at 120. At the City Police Court yesterday, John Cowan pleaded guilty to the charge of stealing two pairs of boots, the property of Abraham Crawcour, and was sent to gaol for one month. The children of St Paul's Sunday school at Clunes, accompanied by their teachers and some of their parents, held their annual picnic at the Botanical Gardens yesterday. The school, numbering abont 300 persons, left Clunes by special train about eight o'clock in the morning, and was landed on the Gardens siding, when they proceeded to the scene of the day's pleasuring—the Gardens. These being reached,the usual games and feastings incident to snch festive occasions were indulged in, and a large number of the visitors during the day patronised the steamboats and sailing vessels on tbe Lake. Abont seven o'clock the picnickers started on their return journey, thoroughly satisfied with, and as thoroughly tired ont by, their day's fun. The quarterly meeting of the Ballarat East Lodge, No. 63, LO.G.T., was beld in the Ballarat Fire Brigade hall last Tuesday, when Br Byers, L.D, assisted by Br Boyd as G.W.M., and Br Jackson as G.W.S, installed the officers for the ensuing quarter, as follows:—P.C.T., Br Brogden; C.T., Br J. Gomm; V.T., Br G. Jones; S., Br F G. Evans; F.S„ Sr Bickle; T., Sr Graham - C Br Field; M^ Sr M'Kenzie; D.M, Sr HOI; A.s"" Br Elsworth; LG, Br T. Brittain; OG Br Hoskins; L.H.S., Sr E. Field; B.H.S., Sr L. Field. : At the Clones Borough Council meeting on Thursday evening it was decided to make an effort to get as much as possible of the land sold upon which residenceshave been erected, in order that tbe owners may be relieved of the annoyances which arise bom lack of good titles. It was also decided to suggest some alteration in tbe mode of electing borough auditors. This matter, however was to be farther coAndered. ' . The ordinary monthly meeting of tbe JSmytheadale Volunteer Fire brigade.was beld on "Aura: day evening,^th; Captain Shepherd in the chair A letter .was received from Mr J. Lvncb inn_ resigning his office as secretary, as he was leaving the district for sometime. The resignation was accepted -with regret; and Mr E. Knights, Ian, was elected secretary. A letter (previous^ mentioned) -was received from EL Hore andothi randHits on the west side of Smythe's Creek, thanking the members of the brigade and others [or their exertions on| Wednesday, 29th January, and enclosing donations amounting to £2 6s. The letter and donations were received with thanks. It was decided to have the whole apparatus of the brigade examined and put in thorough repair. The captain suggested that a concert in aid of the funds of tbe brigade should be got up during the ensnmg week, but it was thought advisable to take no action in the matter. Several new members were proposed, and the meeting closed. I At tbe Town Council last night an order of the daywaB discussed to consider and order on tbe report of a committee of the whole council on the condition and demoralising influences of the Chinese camp. There was no report brought forw»ra. bnt after .a discussion tiie order was post- ] Mnedjantil next meeting, and it was xesolved that toe local health officer report on thfi matter. \- Themnnualtneetingof subscribers to the Scart- «ale Public ISnaiy was bddin tbe reading-room i in Wednesfcy evening. In the absence of the president (Mr W. Young) Mr Alexander Young was voted to the chair. The annual balance-sheet showed receipts amounting to -£80 17g 3± aQj expenditure to the. same amount, less £9 12s. ISfSftw^i ^ re P°" of ^ committee stated that the library was fairly attended by the public, and during the year 32 volumes of new books had been added to the stock. During the same time 220 volumes had been taken out by subscribers. The table bad been constantly supplied with The Courier, Star, and GrenoiHeAdvo cale, which were supplied freeby the proprietors,for which the committee return thanks. The table was also supplied regularly with illustrated papers, including London Graphic and Melbourne Punch. The meeting decided that a musical entertainment ehould be held in the town hall on Friday, the 28th inBtant, in aid of the book fund. The election of officers resulted in Mr Chadwick bang elected president; Mr Daley, vice-president; Mr A. Young, treasurer; Mr J. Edgar, secretary; and Messrs W. Young, Crook, Cutler, Prentice, HarknesB, Streeter, Bird, and Cox, members of committee. A hearty vote of thanks to tbe chair brought the meeting to a close. The Hibernian Society No. 2 Branch held their fortnightly meeting at the hall, Dawson street, on Thursday evening, Gth instant; tbe president, Br Wm. Kinane, in tke chair. The attendance of members was meagre, owing to the Catholic demonstration at the Junction, Bungaree, yet the contributions £14 2s 4d, forwarded by the brethren were evidence that they did cot forget to mt&eprovisionioranotherday.; The fortnightly sick allowance £7 3s 4d, was next orderedfor payment, and the following new members were announced viz., James Meagher, Michael Morris, and M. J. Courtney. Correspondence included a large number of letters bearing on branch business, one in particular from Br Ed. Golden, declining sick allowance though fully entitled to it Br Golden was highly commended for his magnanimity and generosity. The officers and members expressed much sympathy with Mrs Cotter in her present bereavement, and the brethren were complimented on their attendance at tbe funeral of their late brother. The remainder of the business was of an ordinary kind, and after the contributions were read, the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. At Clunes on Thursday evening about twentyfive gentlemen met at PreBcott's hotel at a supper given to Mr W. Blanchard, an old miner and longrespected resident, who has held office as mayor, chairman of water commission, and president of miners' association, and who is aboat to leave the district, having been appointed forest ranger under Government. Mr Blanchard is esteemed as a painstaking, trustworthy man, bnt he has been disabled for some time paBt from working in the mines by an affection of the lungs. The chair was occupied by Mr Philipps, a local barrister, and during the evening several speeches were delivered expressive of regretat the departure of so old and respected a member of the community. Our readers are not likely to forget that the Bishop of Melbourne (Dr Moorhouse) preaches in St. Paul's Church at both services to-morrow. Every effort will be made by the incumbent and church committee to accommodate as many adult persons as possible. With this view it has been decided that children will not, under any circum. stances, be admitted to the church to-morrow. The time for change of ministers of the Wes leyan and Primitive Methodist churches has again come round. At Clunes tbe Bev. N. Bennett will take the place of the Bev. R. C. Flockart in the former, and the Bev. J. T. Kearns that of the Bev. S. Bracewell in the latter. The anniversary of the Bible Christian Sunday school, Skipton street will be celebrated to-morrow, when Mr James Bussell will preach in the morning, the Rev. W. Bettis in the afternoon, and the Bev. T. J. Cory in ths evening. A tea meeting will follow'on Tuesday. We are compelled by tbe crowded state of our columns to bold over several,letters until Monday. The third event for tbe Dyte Cup will be sailed this afternoon, at Wendouree, starting at half-past three. Entries will be received until two o'clock. The Achievement has already won two events of the three required, but every effort will be made by the skippers of the B.Y.C. dippers to-day to prevent three successive wins. We invite attention on behalf of that thriving public institution, the Ballarat Town Mission, to the Sabbath school anniversary services to be held to-morrow, in the hall, Eureka street. The great attraction of the day will be the afternoon musical demonstration, and at which Mrs W. Little will act as organist The monthly meeting of the Clunes District Agricultural Society was held at the Club hotel, Clunes, on Wednesday, when it was resolved to push en with the endeavor to* get the next grand nationsl show held at Clunes. It was decided to appoint a representative at next meeting to attend the presentation to be made by the Marquis of Normanby to Mr W. J. Clarke. The picnic and concert in aid of the charities held in the Fairlie Estate, Grenville, last year, having been so great a success, it was reeflved that it should take place annually. At a meeting of the committee on Wednesday last it was decided that the next picnic, tc, be held on Friday, the 7th March. Nominations for the vacancy in the board of advice for the school district of BungareeBhire will be received by Mr Oscar Skoglund, returning officer, np to Friday next, the 14th instant, at four o'clock. The Bev. W. Clark will lecture on " Three months at sea," in-the Homffray Street Primitive Methodist Church, next Tuesday evening, commencing at eight o'clock. The prizes won at the late Catholic demonstration at Bungaree, will be paid over to the winners at Bropby's hotel, Stnrt street, to-day, at twelve o'clock. A tea and public meeting in aid of the Presbyterian Church, Linton, will be held in the Shire Hall on Monday evening next, 10th instant. Addresses will be given by the Bev. J. Steele, W. T. Whan, W. B. Hutchison, Wm. Bennett, and Wm Williams. The Bev. Wm. Campbell will occupy the chair. Selections of sacred music will be given by the choir. The picnic to be given by Councillor Hickman to his employes will take place to-day, and promises to be a most enjoyable affair. Tbe committee have been instructed by Mr Hickman to leave nothing nndone to ensure tbe success of the day's enjoyment The following is the programme of sports:—1st. Four-oared boat race, between crews picked from the different departments. Fitting shop—John Hewett (stroke). Wm. Evans, Wm. Cobura, T. Bailey, John Opie (cox.). Boiler-yard»—J. Miller (stroke), J. Mobberly, K. Walker, C. H. Harvey, Hngh Sara (cox). Blacksmiths—David Alexander (stroke), David Cooper, J. Northey, F. Carr, Wm. Cooper (cox.) Moulding shop—J. Gregory (stroke), J. Lewi' Wm. Sutherland,[James Carr, Robert Algie (cox , rniis nice promises to be a most exciting one from the spirit of friendly rivalry springing np. Afew of the men are not unknown to fame in past contests. 2\. Four-oared race, between juniors in fitting shop and railway truck department—This race promises, to be keenly cOBtested. 3. Tub race—for which there are plenty of entries Cricket, quoits, croquet, foot races, and dancing on the green to the music of an excellent band will nil np spaces in the principal events; Messrs tvans and Hewitt M.C. The committee are the foremen of the different establishments, and will see everything carried out efficiently. Mr Sutton's steamer Ballarat, and the steamer Union, will be at the disposal of the committee through the day. The dinner is at one p.m. and t p.m, and will be catered for by Mr Ward. The Lai Lai Racecourse trustees will meet at Hagers Criterion hotel, this afternoon, at two After nearly a month of inaction, the Government diamond drill at the Great Southern Company has again (says the Bendigo Advertiser) been started to work; this time under the direction of Mr Newman, who erected the machinery In the first instance, but was superseded in tbe command of operations by Mr Griscom. Mr Newman arrived in Sandhurst on Wednesday night, and eot to work early on Thursday morning. The drill wmt started with one of the same "bits" which-Mr Gnscom refused as bong improperly set The urst operation was to subject tbe last .40 feet of me bore-hole to the process of what Is technically called "rimmering," or enlarging the opening. After this was done, 14 feet was bored through nsrd slate country, intersected with veins of quartz of about 1 inch in thickness. The drill worked satisfactorily, and boring operations will 1111 de«P» bits hold good. •ft »»». currently stated (says the Agel in medical circles on Thursday that another wellknown member of the profession—who was connected with a metropolitan hospital, and practised somewhat^extensively in the suburban districtshsd, like his confrere, to whose disappearance we refened a few days ago, retired from the scene. He also leaves behind him a number of creditors, who are somewhat anxious in their enquiries as to his It is understood that the liabilities kideraMe gentIemRn in 9 ueati °n are verycon- A fresh warrant (says the Argus) has been issued for the arrest of James Page? the late secre ^ Me ">°ume Building Society, X .I lth emb « 5din B «>e funds of that eXtent of «>d Detective Hayes has 1»en sent with it to Brisbane," whe V ^ "a® <="3** buSnSsas J- Mr Longmore (says the Age) returned on Thurs day from his trip to the Cape Otway coast, where he went to ascertain the quality of the timber country in that locality. He proceeded from Cam perdown to Port Campbell, the road between which he found very bad. The character of the soil he describes as being poor stringy-bark ranges, but the valleys and creeks which flow from the ranges are composed of exceedingly rich soil, heaviIy timbered with gum, and where settled upon, the clover and rye-grass grow luxuriantly. Several crops of oats, which were seen, promised to give very heavy yields. At Port Campbell, Mr Long more found about 120 persons, chiefly settlers from Scott's Creek. The people expressed much anxiety to have moorings laid down at Port Camp bell, which be describes as a very good and safe harbor, and only waiting to have the moorings laid to develop a considerable trade. Mr Long more, on the return journey, came by the new track from Princetown. The track runs all the way along the top of the spurs, the country being composed alternately of grass-tree and stringy-bark. Being on the top of the ranges, no good agricul tural soil was seen on this track, but he was told that the valleys and creeks leading from the ranges were equally rich with those on the other track. The njoofiys (wys tbe Gtdong Advertiser)WOB were either pud or remitted on Thursday to tbe owners and trainers of tbe winning horses. The largest winner is Mr M. Loughlin, who receives £570 for Lord Harry's double victory in the Gold Cup and Handicap, besides the cup itself, which is valued at 100 guineas. Mr J. R. Coivell is second on the list with £629, the amount won by His Grace in the Sires' Produce Stakes; and Mr E Drewitt has the honor of being third on the list with £203, »'0U by Nerissa in the Mares' Produce Stakes. A collision (says the Age), which was attended with somewhat, disastrous consequences, but which fortunately did not result in any loss of human life, took place between two goods trains on the Sandhurst line on Thursday night, at about five o'clock. It appears that the 10.40 a.m. train from Melbourne stopped to shunt at Harcourt, about the time mentioned, and whilst it was croBBing from the down line to the up line it was run into by tbe 4 20 p.m. goods train from Sandhurst. Three or four waggons in the down train were smashed, and a van was also much broken. The up-train, however, escaped with comparatively slight damage, no injury being done further than the breaking of the buffers and the bending of tbe side-steps of the engine. The line was strewn with the wreckage of the broken waggons, and for several hours the permanent way was completely blocked. The clearing away of ths debris and repairing of the rails hsd not been completed wben the 7.20 passenger train from Sandhurst for Melbourne arrived, and that train was delayed upwards of fifty minutes in consequence. The drivers and guards of the two trains sustained no injury whatever, notwithstanding the severe shock to which they were subjected. A meeting (says the Argus) of the creditors of Mr James M*Ewan, furniture manufacturer, of Bonrke street west, and formerly of Ballarat, was hdd on Thursday afternoon at the office of Messrs Ecroyd and Danby. The liabilities were stated to be £6767, and the asBets were estimated at £2275, showing a deficiency of £4492. An offer was made of 5s In the £—4s cash and Is by a bill at three months, not guaranteed. This offerWSB declined. The estate was assigned to Mr H. W. Danby and the representative of tbe Nations! Bank. It will, perhaps, interest tbe .curious (says the Geelang Advertiser) to know that, apart from the bush- fires, there have been eleven destructive fires in Geelong since the commencement of the year. The Telegraph regrets to hear that the Bev. Thomas Jones, the admired minister of tbe Collins Street Independent Church, Is again seriously ill. The rev. gentleman's health has been so precarious for many months past that he has found it necessary to intimate that he desires to be relievedof his charge in May next The term of two years for which Mr Jones engaged to remain in Victoria will have expired then, and because of his impaired health and his anxious longing to return to his native land, he is unable to yield to the pressing entreaties of his church and congregation to remain their pastor. It is hoped, however, that Mr Jones will be strong enough to continue preaching until a worthy and distinguished successor has been secured for tbe immense congregation which the " poet-preacher " has attached to the church. A report (says the Maryborough Advertiser) was prevalent on Thursday that a young man named Humphreys was sunstrnck whilst working in a paddock at Timor on Wednesday, and died almost instantaneously. The completion of the Stawell to Horsham railway supplies a long-felt need (says the Age) to a most important agricultural district. Evidence of this was afforded to the visitors who attended the celebration of the opening of the line, by the fact that at several stations large quantities of wheat were stored awaiting transmission to Melbourne. The rush of freight upon the line will be enormous for some time to come. The inhabitants of Horsham generally are jubilant at the completion of the line. The residents of the Wimmera generally .appear to approve of the policy of the Government in opening up new country by means of railways, every reference to the subject at the Horsham banquet being met with enthusiastic cheers. Letters from Glasgow (remarks the Melbourne correspondent of the Arai ai Advertiser) are really pitiable to read. Tbe state to which the failure ol tiie City of Glasgow and Caledonian banks, particularly the former, reduced the helpless females and aged persons who trusted these institutions is lamentable. One extract will be sufficient:— " Yon knew poor old Mrs C — and her daughters, who lived on their farm on the Clyde. Their all waa lost in tbe City of Glasgow Bank, and the call left them without house, home, or money, and in debt Mrs C has had to go into the poorhouse—she who lived in such a style—and her daughters have bad to become domestic servants, as they could not get music-or-other teaching. Old Mr M , upon whom we looked as a wealthy man, has had to ta&e; to work as a farm laborer— at his age! I hear of no suicides, for the Scotch people seem imbued with that deep religious feeling which meekly accepts the decrees of God. TOien Mrs C recognised the depth of her calamity, she simply clasped the Bible in her trembling bands, and said, as the tears rolled down her face—'The Lord gave and the Lord taketb away,- blessed be the name of the Lord.'" Mr David Anderson, sheep farmer, ofthe Mokepuly station, filed his schedule (says the P.C. JVeirs) on Thursday with Mr R. E. Johns, clerk of courts. The total amount of liability is £35,184 13s 6d, to meet which tbe assets are set down at £22,000, thus leaving a deficiency of £I2,9£4 3s 6d. The P.C. Reus is desired by the mayor of StaweU to state that his Excellency Sir George F. Bowen, before leaving the district, desired it to be recorded that he felt great satisfaction at the reception and welcome afforded to him by the people of Stawell and Horsham. The presentation of the address at the town hall en Tuesdayadded to the public reception at Horsham, he said, were the most gratifying compliments he had received since he came to the colony of Victoria, and must necessarily be ever held in pleasant remembrance. Asad accident (says the Talbot Leader) happened on Tuesday afternoon, which resulted in the death SIA ™ • on '_^ed flre years, of Mrs Paine, of Talbot Hat The deceased, with his brother, sged tfn VMrs, went to the swimming hole about fire o clock for water, and returned to the house in a different direction to his brother about seven o'clock. He went round the agricultural ground, and had to pass a bole—in ordinary seasons dry at this time of tbe year, bnt which bas lately been filled by the overflow of water from the Stony Creek reservoir race running near, into which the poor little fellow must have fallen. When found by bis uncle, Mr Lobb, the child was quite dead. 