HEWS OF THE DAY. Tho It. M.S. Sism, with tho European mails via Briadiai, arrived at Albany, Western Australia, at five minutes past ten o'clock last night. The vessel will there fore probably reaoh Glenelg on Monday afternoon, and Hobson's Bay late on Wed- ncsday night. Tho -Royal Commission on Closed Roads will resume its sittings next week," in order to prepare a final report, which, together with the progress report presented to Parlia ment last session, will ho available for the consideration of tho subject by the House during tho forthcoming session. Thoso shires which havo not as yot responded to tbe reqneet made by tho Commissioner of Pnblio Works for rotnrns upon tho snbject have been desired to Bend them in without any further delay. The commissioners will proceed to Colno on Tuesday, where they will tako evidence on Wednesday. At Campordown a meeting will bo held on Thursday, and at Warrnambool on Satur day. The iuquiry will relate to tho closed roads in tbe shires of Colao, Hampden, Mortlake, Warrnambool and Belfast. The authorities of these shires acknowledge iu their returns that there is an aggregate length of nearly three thousand miles of road closad within their boundaries, and the proportion of closed roads' mileage to area of country is larger in this district than in any part of the colony. The roads so closed comprise widths of one, two and three chains ; the area of land appropriated.thus is nearly 30,090 acres — in a region containing some oi the richest lands in Victoria. It has been deoidod by Mr. Woods, the Minister of Railways, to withdraw tho ap peals, of which notice had been given, and to pay over to Messrs. J. Mnnro and C. A. Smyth the amounts fixed upon by arbitration as the value of their land taken for tha South Varra to Oaklelgh rail way. Prior to arriving nt this decision, Mr. Woods took- legal advice, and learned that the chance of obtaining verdicts in favor of lower valuations was so problemati cal that he would not be justified in hazard- ing the payment of costs in addition. Tho Minister of Pnblio Works and tho Minister ofLands proceed to Daylesford this morning to select s site for tha railway station to be erected at that place. Tho Minister of Railways received a depu tation from Wodonga yesterday in reference to the Bito of the station connecting the Vic. torian and Sow South Wales lines of rail ways. It was asked that tho station should be placed at Wodonga, and the depntation nrgedthat there was a larger railway reserve at that place than at Albury. Mr. Woods very properly reminded the deputation that the Government of New South Wales would have to be consulted in the matter, parti cularly as tho longs r portion of the line con necting Sydney with Melbourne had been constructed by them. When the proper time came, however, ha would not forget the application. Tho Railway Department have made liberal arrangements for tho convenience of those who intend visiting tho Geelong An nual Races, to be held on the 30th inst. and 1st prox. Special trains at excursion fares will be run on the race days; the tickets isBned at Melbourne being available for rotnrn up to the 3rd February. The following tenders wore accepted by the Public Works department yesterday Repairs, painting, &o;«, to tho Industrial and Reformatory Schools, GeeloDg, J. Finlay, £375 14s. 2d.; gassed water supply, fenc ing, gates and other works at the police station, Royal Park, A. Corben, £149 ; al terations, repairs, pointing, &e.;, at Cnatom House, Williams town, C. Brown, £C0 6s. 4d. ; do. at Custom House, Geelong, J. B> .'Best and Sons, £53. At the nnnnsl examination for tho State school exhibitions of the value of £35 per annum, tenable for six years, it msy be men tioned that of the eight successful candidate! -_ « D — - two were pupils of Mr. Nell, head teaeher of ichool No. 112, Carlton; two pupils' of Mr; Tcmpleton, head teacher of school No. 1467, I'rahran ; one from Mr. 'Walker's school, No; J406, Yarra Park ; one from Mr. Nicholl's school, No. 1436, Mount Pleasant; one from Mr. Whyte's school, No. 391, contral Melbourne; and one from Mr. Ilutton'a, No, 071), St. Paul's, Geelong. As AI'Lareu is rendering himself conspicu ous at present as tho champion of the unem ployed, it may not be uninteresting for them to know something of his Into career. In llimodin ho was known as an agitator. Troin there ho wont to Sydney, where the <ritation of the seamen's striko opened a field for his talents. He choso tho company's side and was employed in engaging men for their setvice. lie managed, according to iis own statrinent, to ongago soma 150, hut tho matter was becoming serious. Tho workmen mobbed him and ilang Aim over tho quay. For safety tho company sout him to Melbourne by tho Ljcemoon, and the captain had instructions to land him in the launch, if tlio Melbourne sympathisers with the seamen mado any hostile demonstrations against his landing, as It had been feared the Sydnoy seamen would telegraph to Melbourno that he was on board. On arrival hero tho company's agent supplied liiin with money to go up tho country. Ho did go, and shortly afterwards returned to Mel bourno penuileeS and in rags. On tho fol lowing Sunday ho attended at tho Queen's Wharf and delivered a rambling tirade, which he called a lecture, against our criminal laws, whioh .ho denounced as emanating from the dovii, who aat perched cn tho pinnacle of our wholo system of jurisprudence. JSoeing his forlorn con dition, a collection of some 30s. was mode on his behalf. This happoned at tho very spot whore a generous colleotion ill hcliRlf of tho Sydnoy seamen had beon mode on tho previous Sunday. If tho meet ing had known how he had workod against tho seamen's interest in Sydney ho would not have recoived much sympathy. It is scarcely moeessary to say any moro about the agitation from euch a quarter on behalf of the unemployed. Xho third half-yearly meeting of the , Australasian Agency and Banking Corpor ation wnB held at Monzics' Hotel yesterday r.ftoraoon. There was a largo attendance of shareholders ; Br. Mein in tho chair. One of tho clauses of tho report, referring to an alteration in tho articles of assoointion and an increase in the number of directors, was excised by tho votes of a considerable ma jority of the meeting, and the report, which appears in tho commercial column, was unanimously adopted. The profit and loss account showed . an addition to tho reserve fund of £7500, bringing tho same up to £20,000. Sir W. H. F. Mitchell, Sir Chas. . AlaoMabon and other speakers oxpressed satisfaction at the position of the company, which, with continued good management, I hoy considered would become ono of the highest in the financial world. Br. Mein ' was re-elected a director, and the mooting terminated. John SInttcry, the bottio gatherer who was injured by being swept down in tho flood in Elizabcth-stroet on Tuesday, diod yesterday in tho MolbourneHospital, whither \- he was taken. An inquest will be held to day. At a meeting of magistrates yesterday I Messrs. J. Wilton and T. O'Grady woro clooted licensing magistrates for tbo ensuing year. Tho City Licensing Bench will, therefore, consist of Mr. Call and those justices. At a meeting of tho magistrates for tho district of Coburg, holden at Coburg on the 21st inst., Mr. (I. B. M'Cormiok and Mr. William Ritchie, Js.P., woro duly elected lor the ensuing twelvo months. Five Manilla seamen wero brought before tho City Bench yesterday by tho oaptain of the ship Hustings, who stated that thoy refused to go to work on board. They found themselves in a port wiioro a higher rate of wages could be obtained than that at whioh they bad engaged, and thoy wisbod to tako advantago of it and bronlc their engagement, Mr. Call ordered them to be sout to gaol for oae month. Henry Walsb, tho yonng ruffian who a fortnight ago assaulted a man named Henry Bay, in a liouso of ill-fame, was brought be fore the City Court yesterday to answer for his conduct. It was shown that ho had in a very cowardly manner thrown a smooth ing iron at Bay, and tho missile, striking the unfortunate man in the head, initiated a B ecvoro wound, necessitating his removal to E the Melbourne Hospital, whoro ho remained E until his discharge yesterday. The bench fined Walsh 40s. with £3 costs, B tiie costs to go to tho prosecutor. The girl H Dimpsey, who was also charged with assault- lug Bay, was discharged. I Mr. Call, P. If., very propnrly mado an ox- amplo of two very disorderly characters, at E flic City Court, yesterday. Iu one case it was shewn that a woman named Margaret Scott had acoostod Sonior-oonstablo Curran, in West Melbourno, and had mado uso of most disgusting language to him. Mr. Call said ho knew tho accused. Both she and her daughter woro pests to society. He-inflicted n fine of £10 or throa months' imprisonment. In the other case it was shown that n woman named Alico Arnold lind couduoted herself in a very disorderly manner in tho streets, and a lino of £5, with tho alternative of tbreo months in gaol, was inflicted. It is satisfactory to find that: tho pcrpo- trator of tho burglary at Mr. Max Sehwarz's pawnbroker's Bkop in Boiirke-streot has not long escaped. Yosterday morning Botootives Filclstou and Nixon arrested a man named l'eter Fry, engaged at tho New York res taurant, in Bonrke-Btreet. In tho prisoner's possession two watohoa and soveral chains wero found, whioh wero identified yesterday by Mr. Schwarz, as well as an opera-glass, pawned at Sandridgo by tho prisoner. Tlio delcotivos nro in hopes that they will dis cover tho remainder of tho stolon property. Those facts woro statod to the City Bench yesterday, and tho prisoner was remanded. Our Warrandy to correspondent writes on Tuesday ; — " Wo had a heavy downpour of tain, and heavy thunder and lightniug to day, and tho river is rising rapidly. Tho water is quite black, in consequence of the J quantity of charcoal and ashes that are being fli washed from tho numerous bushfireS wo have had lately. Muoh fencing ban boon destroyed by tho fires in this district, especi ally on Brown station and tho selections ad joining, and grass is now very scarce here." The opening of a now hall at Cecil-plaoe, Prahran, in connection with tho Prahran branch of the Orange Inetituto of Victoria, took plaoo last evening. Tiio proceedings commenced with a tea mooting, which was ajtended by about 120 persons. Afterwards speeches were delivered by Messrs. J. Munro, M.L.A., Crows, Langley and other gentlemen, and selections of vooal and in- Etrumental mueio wero creditably rendered by several lady and gentleman amateurs. The usual votes of thanks to tbo ohairman of tho mosiing and those inBtrumontal in the establishment of tbo new hall terminated tllfi James Martin, sixty years of age, a sea man on the ship Undaunted, was admitted into the hospital yosterday suffering from a fractured leg, caused by the breaking of the handle of a windlass at which ho was work ing on board of the vessel. Uoaca Eaton, tho' well-known member of the Georgia Minstrel Troupe, was arreBted yesterday in the act of leaving Melbourne by the steamer for Now Zealand. Tho oharge preferred ngninat him was that of wife desertion. He was taken to tho city lock- sp, when he entered into soburities for the Foment of 15s. per week for tho support of sis wife. He then proceeded to Snndridgo, sod caught the steamer there. More police protection iB required in South "ra. Before daybreak yesterday morning s gentleman walking up Chapel- street was confronted by three semi-drunken roughs, who need tho most abusive and obscene lau- guage to him, and wero only deterred from ? enng personal violence by tho sight of a heavy walking-stick, which the pedestrian ertanately carried and vigorously nourished. Dot a policeman wns to be fonnd although several streets were travorsod by the gentle- mania question; with tho object of giving the larrikins in charge. Several residents complain of tho losses they have sustained rough the dishbuesty of those night prowlers. tna10- So,cioty or the Prevention of Cruelty Animals prosecuted a man from Sunbury, omed .Richard Bell, at the Hotham Polioe B w . yesterday, for oruelty to some calves. B "mpector of the society, Mr. T. La- H 1.J', fta,tcd that <"» the 16th inst. Bell H sil 'u. r oa'vos in'0 tbo Pig Market for I'- ® )> 'hey were packed into a sprlng-oart in H tn.)CI\ crnel manner, with their legs tied, H .i taken out were scarcely able to stand Defendant was fined £1, with £1 ' Michael Mulhall was alsoprose- I v..B ? ? society for a liko offenoe, and was fined 10s., with 30s. costs. the foreman of tho railway i.uf ii Yarra, la alleged to have un- B nata.a TM"Rnc< on® the workmen, H OnU+? Jnp'ea Quilty, on thu' l10tn inst. Bdiim . ""at Young nearly throttled ® that ho has boon under medical l j. , 'L ; treatment eror since , fromtho effects of the assault. . A summons was . issued, but . the : defendant riianagod to evado aorvico for a 'fortnight. At the rising of tho Prahran Court yesterday, Sergeaut Parkinson ob tained a warrant, and arrested Young later in the day. On Wednesday night a numbor of eeamon, moro or loss intoxicated, . ware creating a disturbance in front of the Marine Nott-streot, Sandridgo. Upon tho approach of the police ono of them, named Lorenzo Joachim Akelund, drew a knifo and com menced striking all round him. He cut a man named Henry Morgan in the centre of the abdomon, but fortunately tho wound, although four or five Inches in length, was not much moro than ekin deep. It is diffi cult to understand how Morgan escaped being seriously injured. 'Akelund was bronght up at Sandridgo yesterday on a charge of malicionsly wounding, and was romandod for a week. Three Prahran larrikins were'- severely dealt with yesterday by the loeal magistrates for tboir bad conduct. James Orton, John Robinson and Kenneth Gillies wore annoy, ing foot passengers on Sunday night last, and when the polico appeared thoy managed to escapo in a waggonette. Orton and Robin son afterwards assaulted an inoffensive man named Loughlin Gillies. Tho three fellows . were each fined £5, or ono month, and Orton and Robinson wore also fined 20s., or seven days, for tho assault. Orton is tho man who recently was sentenced to threo months' imprisonment for an unlawful BBBault upon Heuriottn Jennings, 'whoso oliild by Orton was found dead under bor house, and who iB now under committal on a charge of concealment of birth. Orton, it will bo remembered; obtained his liberty on bail by giving notico of appeal against the dooision of the Prahran bench. Charles Kent, alias Simp30D, was brought np at the Fitzroy Court yesterday, on four charges of larceny from dwellings, viz. t — A fold ring, valued at £5, from tho dwelling of 'rank A. Lear ; a silver watch, a gold key and an overcoat, valued at £7, from tho premises of iVni, Stillman ; a silver watch and chain, valued at £4, from the house of Wm. Higgs ; and eome wearing apparel and a watch and chnin from the house of John F. Kenny. His modus operandi was to procure lodgings at various houses, and clear out early in the morning with any portablo articles ho could lay his hands upon. In tho three oases firat-mentioned he was remanded to Melbourne ; but in Konny's case, although lie was observed by a neighbor to loave the premises with a bundle, be was discharged, as the stolen property had not been recovered. There are upwards of a dozen similar oharges ponding against him. In consequence of tho serious illnoss of Mr. George Coppin, the annual meeting of tho Dramatic and Musical Association was adjourned till next Monday at half-past two p.m. The rain has caused an unavoidable sus pension of operations at tho Exhibition grounds, says the 8. M. Herald, excepting m tho case of the few carpenters who are engaged in putting up the temporary build- ings. Tho first stage of progress to look for ward to IB tbo completion of tho platform, but tho immonso amount of work involved in the foundations and in tho flooring will inevitably occupy a considerable time. writing about tho lock-out at Willi, tbo 8\. M. Herald says: — "Wo are informed that tho union is gaining strength at Bulli, inasmuch as the men who loaded tho Wouiora Inst week have left oil working, and three of them have joined tho union. Two of tho men who woro employed to load tho steamer havo signed a declaration stating that no in timidktion was offered towards them or their companions — that no threatening language was "used on tbo occasion referred to in tho colliery manager's tolcgrara whioh brought down tho police. A deputation was ap. pointed to attend a meeting of the Mount Pleasant miners last .Saturday evening. The principal object of the deputation was to ascertain if it woro truo that tho Mount Pleasant Company wero hiring miners to dis place the union men employed at Mount Pleasant, and with regard to timt matter tho deputation wore given to understand that somo ten or twelve miners had been engaged for tbo Mount Pleasant colliery, but most of them had joined the UDion; and the othersliad gone away. Tho meeting passed rales in the same manner as the men at Bnlli did, and it was decided to make a levy to support tho Bulli men. Tho most important part of the Mount Pleasant meeting was to consider tho discharge of three men for taking an aotive part in the union, and it was resolved to re quest tho manager, Mr. Lab iff, to permit the men to return to their work, and in the event of his refusal to bring tho case of tbeso men before a special delegate meeting as early as possible. A melancholy accident occurred on Mon day evening last, says the H'arrnambool Standard, by which Thoma3 Simpson, aged nineteen, sou of ono of tho oldest residents ot tvarrnamDooi, sustained eucn injuries as cannot but prove fatal. In company with some associates, Simpson went down to tho beach for a bathe, and wulking along tho jetty orectod in connection with the pump ing works of tho now baths, he dived off into what lie believed to be deep wator. Unfortunately, bowevor, tbo depth did not oxceed two feet, and the resistance offored by the water was so slight that dislocation of the spine resulted. A tcmperanco mooting in connection ivlth tlio Wcaloyan JUctltoiliat Conference will bo held in the Temperance Hull, Itussell-btrect, this evening, at eight o'clock. A lecture was dellvcrod on Wednesday evening Inst, in tho town hall, Sumlrhlge, on Mary, Queen ol Scots, by Mr. A. J. bheoiiun ; the mayor of tho bo rough, Cr. J. Ncwiuun, occupied tho chair. Mr. hbeo- hnn is about twouty years ol ago. It is notified that an order of the Executive Council has been obtained under which tlio security of the Colonial Mutual Fire Insurance Company (fidelity punrauteo department) lias beoa accepted by the Government. The following gentlemen have heen elected a ccm- mlttee to uri&npo; i or Llio forthcoming moonlight con cert to bo hold in tho hotanlc Gardens in aid of bsvc- ral local charities : — Mr. J. Munro, M.I,. A.; Dr. Wooliidgo, Hov. J. Ii. Krnitn. and Messrs. Daniels, Lormer, Turner, Furncaux and Jonos. We havo received copies of tho Melbourno Harbor Trust Commissioners licgulations, mado under und ny vlrtuo of tho Melbourno Harbor Trust Act. From M. 8. Mullen, Judy's Annua), 1879. From If. A. J. Smith, ono of Shoplicrd's small portable school desks. Tho annual meeting of Trinity Church, Coburg, was held iu tlio Sunday school rdom last Monday evening, to olect oiHcers anil arrango business sheet for the ensuing year. Tho Rsv. John Watson presided. Mr. P. F. Donald was elected parishoncrs' churchwarden, Mr. WIMams trucstees' churchwarden, Mr. William Phtlpot ministers' churchwarden ; vestry, Meisrr. Williams, Cliapmau, Juliti F. Smith and George Kearney ; auditor-, Messrs. Durham and Bradford. The treasurer (Mr. II. F. Donald) informed tiio meet ing that the faliing-olf in tho minister's stipend to tbo extent of £'.!5 for tho past year had been partlallv occasioned through the pow rents not being collrcted yet. Votes of thanks to the Misses Williams and Cole wero recorded. Tho weekly meeting of tho committoo of manage ment of tho Bcucvolont Asylum wus held yesterday afternoon ; Mr. J. T. Harcourt presiding. The rest- dent medical officer reported for tho week ending 23rd January Patients In hospital, 82 males and 100 femaleB ; patients under treatment, 40 males and 10 femalss; total tinder treatment, 247. Solomon Allan, muoty-two years of ago, died on th; 18th inst. Deceased was a native of England, and had been in the asylum ono year aad ten months. Tho superin tendent reported that a donation of books from tho committoo of the poiieo library had been received. The Btate of tho liouso was as follows : — 119 mon, 210 womou ; total, G20. Messrs. Garton, Zevcuboom aud Klrkus wore appointed house committee for the en suing twolvc mouths, aud Mossrs. illrrell. Crouch aud Farmer woro appolntad the iiuanco committee. 