BOBMT DSiIB BY A BOSH-FIBS . A magisterial inquiry . was beld.by Mr. f.- F rJ Jf. of Merino, at M'Fbeiaun « hotel, Harunoor'ob ssainmay, ibe..Iat wet., ea ' the death of Call Fredrick JSrlurtb, aged 62 vesre wboee charred mmuiw were found ou Tbnraday leetAt Gneowald, bur ltarunuor. Orl Fiaonok Jfcirluitli. ooo of deemed, de- ' "poaed s I' have aeen tbe body of my father now produced io tbe o<£d. I loat eaw my lather alive oo ihe 26.b day of li oamber, at my aeboiiun at Groeuwald. He wae then in noud health. He W.e a native ot Sehleeiog, io Pruee A 1 came'homalait nigbt anil lunmi my hooae bnrned-down, alao tbe fenon aud proraea horned by a bnah My father Tended with' me. 1 aaWtawed that on tbe 30 j, altimu my fattier wae foaod dead, abuui five yards fi< m tbe rrmaiua olmy hooae. He «U pwaeeaad of oo property. juUU J?jiieity Dd Monday tbe 27-b Jauoa.y, I eaw tbe deceaeed ; he eime tu .hetel naide. l-gave h m a bijU-ck'e bead. 1 took it o hia place.- lor him. Be fore reaching bia house, be left me, atating tLat he intended aettiog fire to come scrub at tbe epiiup, about half a mile from hie booee. 1 afterwards aaw him at hie hooae. . He told me ha aet fire to the scrub, ' bot did not anooeed in boraiog it. 1 was at bia plaoe trum 10. a.m. to 4 p.m., oo Thoradayatk r l «v the taame man lying on the ground dead." Ho was lying on bia back, with fiu head towards the remain of tbe hcuee. Hiatwdy was very much burnt. Ooe of his lege all harm oft Ad hi clothes Were burnt ca. us »» u»y i so- tended going trine place, hot oo acconot of the heat and Btnuke from a both pre, 1 had to return, 1 am enre that fire peued over Ids "place, and I believe that he ldet bu lib io trying to save hia eon's hooae ana" fences. I . kouwowhena-the fire etarled from. : It started" from tbe eepiMi! dewmdLlned to aet fire to cn Monday. He told me he io leaded to born it' again. Thomae Kemp deposed : I am a drover ; I- WO employed to bring lip eome bnll from Colic to Green weld (Mr. Caue'r) atatioc ; I stayed on 29th ahniry at .Lower Crawford, aod started oext morning, .for. pfeaqarald. \- ' Mr. Herley; of Lbmr Crawford, toldme 1 : wools peas by tbe GennanV meanitig Er- lune'a When 1 reached there 1 tow toe re- . mains of a booee. 1 saw that It had beeo burnt down. quite reeentlft at Jnmo of lbe eprighta weee.epuAmfr : l—w two dogs aod eooie cattle car the remaioe of the boa.' /When 1 arrived at Greeowald, I told Mr. b ' Hum, the nupager, . that, the German's plaoe ' -Was 'borne down. Went in company with Mr. Huiee and another man-abonc an hoar After to where the fire had been. We eaw a '. man lyingon the. ground dead. .He appeared " . to have been burnt to death.- Ooe of tbe'l-ge' /. And' tbe left baod were burnt off. . The body ; ' "outside is the seipe. It lotied iike.a cheered . jMeqeof wood, . it apprared to me that fa > ' . mnet have teen oangb t in th e fire of the booea, /(abdjiel! exhausted withinfiv yards of it. i-oiea Koea. miner for Jdr. Cane, Gretn- ./ walct mirrobprated tbe evidenoe of laat wit- ;/aeajb . fiiw a luge bosh-fire on the 28 ih i i ","fho Avtpnan of Aeoeaaed'a plaoe. It started i from a spot' ,. known aej the. Springe. After . finding ttw body of deoeassd, reported the laaiteriqthepoltoa.. . j ' .. Charles MKay, .oarpent®, deposad : I l mew,.the.pepmd!. body » iwj fjmg oolaidr. I have no akmbt lbai deceased mrl < bia death through endcavparing to save the f?Dr. M ailuwnn, M.D Merino, made a poet . mortem examination of .the , body, and. de posed that tbe left eide.of tbe abdomieal moaMee. was ell. bnmt away,, and theiotes- Unea protruding : one leg 11 missing from tbe knee, and tbe body modi charred. .The . cause of -death eras exposure to a fierce fire. . Mounted -Constable William Smith, sta tioned at Dartmoor, deposed thatpo the 30 h of Janpary he waa told that a man waa Lurot -to death at Greeowald. 1 went there and "aaWtbe"bbdy now pirodooed at this enquiry,. It wM.iyu&on; tlx beck, sabpaf five yard; from the remains of the honM, whidi waa. bnroed down." lOne bg waeBiaeuigfrom the body, »1"» die left, hand. Asm the enr- j.py.JliajauM i nr weewnefoted passed i«Br tbefiUoe, .firt>oylng idVetyfluog in its ponTWi. Anli -the inpodBivonring" to nave the hopq:M«4 jhMAjtaen oycrpowered by thpjlfrt anil fmhr, nodend ioaenxibl, and borat to death. I reported the matter to the llrtBeat Juetide of .fhe .peacie. aDd re- mnved the' bofiyitoDaifiinhor fit Aquiry. Tbe opinion of tbe presiding xnafpatrete ' wiekhekDarl FredrnA Krfnrih earns by hjti meetb through -being eooid en tally burnt in endeavouring to save h» ooo'a hooae from ibeing deetroyed by a bush fiia ; t 