GENERAL. The notorious gang of bushrangers, who have set the whole colony at defiance for the past few months, have turned up again and committed an other gross outrage. This time the scene of their operations was at a small town called Jerilderie, in New South Wales. How they got out of the Strathbogie Ranges; and escaped across the River Murray is a mystery, as all crossing places, so it was said were guarded by the police of both colonies. Be that as it may, they not only eluded all the police, but on arriving at Jerilderie at twelve o'clock at night on the 8th instant they went straight to the police barracks, stuck up the two constables (Devine and Richards), locked them up in their own lock-up, made Mrs. Devine and her children in her own house, took possession of all the police ammunition and arms, and remained at Jerilderie all the next day (Sunday). On Monday morning Edward and Dan Kelly dressed in police clothing, walked up the street with Constable Richards, and they were followed on horseback by their two companions, Hart and Byrne. Tho latter pair rode into the yard of the Royal Hotel, and ordered their horses to be put in the stable, whilst the former entered the house and made the acquaintance, through the constable, of Mr. Cox, tne proprietor, who they bailed up, and told him they intended to use his house for a time. No one would be harmed if they were civil, but they (meaning the gang) meant to rob the bank next door. It was a branch of the Bank of New South Wales, and the ruffians compelled the manager and accountant to give up every penny that. was in the bank, which amounted to £2,101. They stole the manager's gold watch and riding breeches, and the accountant's saddle, besides several articles in the township. They cut the telegraph wire from the operating room to the ???? post into little pieces, destroyed the insulators, and cut half a dozen telegraph poles, They also stole a racing mare, the property of Mr. M'Dougall, an hotel keeper, but as the mare belonged to Miss M'Dougall, Ned Kelly promised to send her back in three weeks. They got clear away, and are still at large, their whereabouts not being known. The Government of New South Wales are now much interested in the capture of these desperadoes, and they have offered a reward of £1,000 each for the men dead or alive, and the Victorian Government have increased their reward to the same amount, and it is now thought that £8,000 may be a tempting bait, and induce some ot the confederates to betray the gang. They are well mounted, and regularly armed to the teeth, each man carrying a rifle and four or five revolvers, whilst Ned Kelly is said to have revolvers stuck all round his belt. Of local subjects, the ensuing Sandhurst Industrial Exhibition, which is to be opened on the 20th March, occupies the premier position. The building has been completed, and large as it is, being nearly 400 fee long by about 60 feet wide, it is fully expected that it will be filled with exhibits. These have commenced to arrive from the adjoining colonies, and the applications for space still continue to come in. Great preparations are being made for the opening, and about 150 ladies aud gentlemen have signified their willingness to take part in the musical portion of the ceremony. On the 24th ultimo a miner named Blake had a very narrow escape of his life at the New Chum and Victoria Company's mine. He was repairing some shoots for quartz, when, without any warning, a mass of mullock and quartz fell from above and precipitated him to the bottom of the shoot, through which he fell into a truck in the level below. He was quickly extricated by his mates and removed to the surface. On examination by Dr. Hugh Boyd,. he was found to be severely crushed about the chest and back, and had an extensive wound on the head, by which the scalp was completely separated, and the bone of the skull laid bare for over half its circumference. Mr. George Cummings, of Church-street, Eaglehawk, dropped down dead in the street on the24th ultimo from heart disease. A jockey named William Nesbitt, whilst riding in a hurdle race at Rochester on the 28th ultimo, cannoned against another horse, and both horses and riders were knocked to the grmnd. The other jockey was uninjured, but Nesbitt was picked up dead. A water main tapping apparatus, invented and patented by Mr. Miscamble, was tried on the 29th ultimo by direction of the Minister of Mines, and proved a great success. The use of this patent enables the mains to be tapped at any time without the necessity of cutting of the water. Miss Julia Jane Emery. aged 27 years, daughter of Mr. John Emery, a well known resident of this city, committed suicide by hanging herself on the 29th ultimo. An inquest was held next day, but nothing was elicited to throw any light on the awful tragedy, or to show the state of her mind when she committed the act. On the 29th ult a banquet was given at the Camp Hotel, Eaglehawk, in honor of Mr. H. F. Boyle, one of the members of the Australian Eleven, by his numerous friends, as a mark of their respect and esteem for him as a cricketer and a gentleman. The attendance was large. The chair was occupied by Mr H. Trumble, Mayor of Eaglehawk, supported on his left by Mr. Sterry, Mayor of Sandhurst; Mr. J. M'Intyre' M.L.A.; and Mr. J. T. Caldwell, J.P.; and on his right by the guest of the evening, the hon. A. Mackav, M.L.A., and the Rev. Mr. Lewers. A handsome illuminated address was presented to Mr. Boyle in recognition of his services during the tour of the Australian Eleven. Durng the latter part of last month a large bush-fire raged for some days within a few miles of Sandhurst, thousands of acres of grass were destroyed, besides miles of fencing. On the 10th inst. a meeting of sympathisers with the sufferers by the City of Glasgow Bank failure was held, under the auspices of the Bendigo Lodge Order of JSt. Andrew, fS.C. The members of the lolge voted £20 towards a relief fund, aud an in fl'uuitial couimitteu tif gentlemen was formed to canvass the town and district for subscriptions. ^ A very sad gun a cident happened on the evon mg or the 7th inst. Two sons of Mr. J. T. Ueravin, a farmer at the Sheepwash Creek, went out to their grandfather's fruit garden, about half a mile distant, for the purpose of protecting the fruit and. at the same time, to shoot hares should any cross their path. Auother brother, Theodore, not knowing his bro^h- rs were out, also went out, taking a loaded gun with him; and noticing some thing moving in the lucorne, in which place the others were secreted, he concluded that it was a hare. He cocked ins g -u, and was about to fir«, when h»i lost sight of the onject. He waited a bit, ami seeing the lucerne again move, he concluded it was a haj'e, and tired iu the direction, being onlv ith.iwfc If) yards distant, the whole charge being lodged in his brother Hugh's left side. The sufterer was at once removed to his father's house, and medical aid procured, when a number of the leaden pellets were extracted. Every attention has been paid the unfortunate lad, hut he is not yet '•ait of danger. It has been ^decided to hold a grand Chinese Carnival hero in the Camp Keserve at iiaster, for the joint benefit of the Bendigo Hospital aud Benevolent Asylum, in lieu of the usual Easter Fair. ^ .Mr. James CI ugh, h native of Durham, E .^land, and an old resilient of Bendigo, expire i, alter a shor iilnes.-, on the 12th inst. He was f>3 years of agu, and was identified with the openiui.' of the southern portion of the New Chum line of reef. ■ On the loth instant another old Bendigonian of twenty live years standing, in the person of »ir. iioin is Burrows, passed away, after abo.it a foruiight'i illness. He was a native oi London, 02 ears ot age, and anhed in Vic toria i : 1852, coming to Bendigo in 1853. lie was an early and tiong^ beiiever-in the value of the qoa.U resources of this district. At the old Kedan mine he owned and worked a crushing plant driven by on.- h rse, iu the early days of quartz mining. He devoted neavh the wi ole of his at tention to <;uar /. mining, and w:w a largo holder iu the Ne - Chum and Victoria mine, from which In- ha* drawn large sums of money. He was brought up ;ls a c<»mposi;.or, and worked tor a time .»s a^ >ompos.tor iu ibis otnee, and at the L'oimrr <j (he Mutts, and at the time of his death was principal partner in a large printing and book bindiiu '•-"t.»blishmeut.. On the 2 U'i it.se. Mr. David Montgomery, the mining niaua^r of the United Hustler's ami Kedan Company, met an untimely death by acci dent, He was desirous of going to the H20 feet level to relieve, another man, and g t on the cage for iha- pnrp.oe. Supposing the engine-driver t-» be at his post, lie drew tin- truck out of the cage, . withdrew the catches, and stepped into it. The brake. ge.tr being un^eu ed the additional weight s»tt the c.tge in motion, and before the deceased had time to jump out fit- uas d -scendiug the shaft at a great pace. On icaching the 1520 feet level the cage smashed tir o igh the beams (S x 3 inches) across th* s'lafi, and w-''it iu:«t the water, which is 5 feet belo v t:iat level The acei lent was ijuickly dis covered. the o go raised to the surface, aud during the day t >e po.»r fellow's body was j'ecoVi j-e). He was fony-four years of a^e, a native >•{ the north of Ireland, and an old resident of *hi> city. A meeting of the directors ot the co.ap ny was held the other day, when they vot-d a .-um r JL'loO to the widow, to be paid o hr-r m o;;ee, or at the rate of i'2 per week for IS months, as the directors may determine. On the tame evening another mining accident occurred, but fortunately, although one «»f the me i is rather seriously injured, he is likely to recover. It appears that two miner.-*, John Laidler and William Leigh, were engaged at toe 'AlO feet lev -1 of the Lazarus Company, in the • topes, preparing a spot for the reception of timber. U became lu-ces-ary to blast away some of the country, ami a/ur drdling a hoie Luidler w.ts charging it. with powder, when an explosion took place. The iioh; was what is called an "under shot nole." aud Laidler was in u kneeling position | riubt ov- r it. His mate Lf-igh w:is sitting close | by when the explosi >n to'k place, and received o.dy Hime slight bruises and a cut or two. Laidler 1 was not m) fortunate, receiving the whole force of t e charge, which severely burnt his face, broke his right aun, aud inflicted several severe cutB on both of ftis arms and his chest and head. 