REFORM COMPANY HADDON. The ordinary meeting of the above company was held on Thursday evening in Rewlings' hotel, Smythesdale; Mr A. M'Vitty in the chair. The minutes of the last meeting were road and: confirmed.: The.directors reported as follows:—“We havethe honor, to submit the accompanying report and balance-, sheets for the quarter ending Sthinstehti:: The opera-' tjoria-bf the company ‘continue to be attended .With' verysatisfactory:" results, 3 which - has' enabled 'your' : directors—after -reducing- the -mortgage-account .by ■ £3oo—to declare three dividends, each of one shilling and sixpence per share; ’ A suin' of ' £931 Is 3d has also been paid for,erection of the plant and machinery , at-the No.-4 shaft.; Fair progress, has been made in ' tbe_ereqtion_o£ machinery and_aurfiioe : wbrka at thia shaft, and’ it is now certain that*' the whole’ will be Completed and ready for.washiogras soon as the under ground-workings -are-far enough advanced to get out washdirt. The yield of- gold: for the fourteen-weeks: has been 3499 oz 19 dwt, of' whioh Nb. 2 shaft gave; 1765 oz lS dwt to 441 i machines; equal to '4 dz to the machine;' and No. 3 shaft produced 1734 ozl dwt to 354 'machines, averaging' 4 bz' 18 dwt; 7 .per riiii'chine. fhe directors congratulate the sharehdldera ori tha fact that ; the quarter shows • the largest, yield yet.- obtained by the company, and'as No; 4 will soon com-, mence to wash, larger quarterly returns may be ex peoted - for some time to come, and also larger divi-' derids.—A ‘M’VrnTi Chairman;' 1 Jas. ■ Boohanan, . Manager.”—The -mining manager- reported ' thus:— ‘.‘lri laying before you my quarterly report,: I-beg to.* state that the tributora at each Of your shafts continue to carry on their respective mining operations with all energy. At No. 2 shaft early in the quarter the lead ing drive in wash having reached the western 'slope of the gutter, and also iri close proximity to No. 4 shaft, it was deemed adyisable 'to discontinue driving from No,; 2,' and ’to .commence blocking froin a line drawn st the edge, of :the : deep crabhole. referred do in my lastreport, feet nbrth from No, 4. .At No.'3 shaft, operations' in. 'the.western workings have been confined to main drives and crosscuts, tA large area, of ground is now opened up and thoroughly: drained, a great, deal of which although poor will, I have no doubt, be profitably worked when blocking will be. carried: on.. Due consideration has also been given to prospect this part of the mine for reef washes, but as yet with no payable; results. - Daring the quarter seven'parties have been employed at blocking in the tributary, arid there are several laage blocks of good payable ground still remaining tb'be taken out. Fair progress has been made in driving.the north-west, reef drive; 500 feet, has .been driven for the quarter; distance from present face to .deep bore, 975 feet. At No. 4 shaft a good substantial chamber 100 feet long' has been completed,:. and, the reef, drive con tinned a. further distance of 169 feet, at’the extreme end of which a jump-up is now under ..construction con yeniently situated to the block of ground reserved and partly drained from No; 2, that fair progress may be expected in opening up the gutter. The workings at each of your shafts rare in good • order and well venti lated, and viewing the mine as a whole, I have every reason to believe that fair yields, will be obtained for soma time.—William' Thomas,' Mining Manager.’’- The auditora reported that the books and accounts were perfectly -correct. : The • reports . were received and adopted; ; The chairman stated that the' extra-'- ordiriary ineeting had not legally been convened,'as it was called according to the new act, and the company ]. having been registered under the old act, according.to a decision of Judge. Molesworth, the extraordinary meeting should have bean: called under the old act, and advertised, six times, twenty-one days before the meeting/; At this stage of the proceedings he thought the explanation necessary,' so that the business of the extraordinary meeting would have to stand over until the next meeting. Mr Kopke asked if any precaution bad, been adopted against fire. Mr Maddisori said that on that day the manager had deputed men.to. look after the plant; J-Mr Lyotesafd that although the plant was insured against ordinary fires, they, were not insured against: bush-fires, as the premium'in such cases was heavier. That day he had to put man on to save the plant of the Consols Company. The extra premium was 5 per cent. The policy was against accidental fire,but not; against bush fires. The chairmari said that this infor mation was new to him.., He thought that they were insured against all fires. ' Mr Lyon said that ,he did. not think that a respectable company. would repu-. diate the matter, but it would be better to be on the safe side. It was resolved to pay the;extra premium, against bush fires, s Jhe retiring directors, Messrs .M’Vitty, Telford, Maddison, Di .Pender, and Rogerson, ! were re-elected, as well as Messrs Lyon and Kirk as auditors. ' This concluded the business. 