BUSH-FIRES AT CRESWICK. (From the Creswick Advertiser.) A disastrous fire raged for some hours on Thursday last at Eastern Hill, which not only destroyed many miles of fencing and hundreds of acres of grass, but also brought ruin to an industrious household, burning dwelling, furniture, outhouses, stack of hay, &c.;, &c.; The fire broke out on the farm of Mr P. Ryan, then reached Mr Watson's land. In addition to the fences, a quantity of rye-grass, out for seed, only added fuel to tbe fire, which extended fast and furious, defying all attempts to stop it Mr Darcy's land was the next that it visited, sweeping everything before it; the dwelling - houses of both Darcy and Watson being only saved by the greatest efforts, put forth by a host of willng hands. Mr O'Dee's crop was saved with great difficulty. Owing to the high wind prevailing at the time, nothing could stop its career. A Mrs Lange, who. with her aged father, owns and works a small holding, lost everything—dwelling house and contents, outhouses and several tons of hay. Considerable sympathy is expressed for this poor woman who has thus lost her only means of support Some idea of the extent the fire may be gained from the fact that it swept through the tops of the gum trees in Mr Hans Rickert's bush paddock, making it, with the heat and smoke, unendurable. Mr Rickert, also, is a considerable loser by destruction of fencing. A large gap being made in a substantial log fence, which was burning like fury, partially stopped its progress in one direction, and fortunately, just at this time the wind changed, or nothing could have saved the crops of Messrs Rickert, Russell, Lugsden, and others, towards which it was fast converging. All the farmers in the locality, with their farm hands turned out, and worked as only men can work under the strong excitement of a fire. Many times did the man have to retreat before the devouring element, and many were the narrow escapes from injury during the day. On the western side it took all the grass in Mr J. Delaney's paddock, and as for fences, there is scarcely one left standing within a wide radius. On reaching Mr Penman's farm, the strength of the party was concentrated on a point where the grass was rather bare, and here it was mastered. We learnt that Mr Jamieson lost a fine bull which got burnt in tbe long grass. One of the most serious mishaps of the day occurred to Mr Daniel Maloney, who, with Mr Andean, tied his horse to a fence whilst working at the fire, which came so close as to frighten Mr Maloney's horse, and it broke loose. On going near to catch it, he placed his hand upon its hind quarters, when the animal lashed out with its hind feet, striking Maloney in the forehead, inflict ing an ugly gash, and knocking him insensible for twenty minutes. He was placed in Mr Penman's trap and driven to Mrs Bourke at Blanket Flat, who has the reputation of being skilful in dressing wounds. After being attended to, he was removed home,and will long have cause to remember the fire at Eastern Hill. The disaster will be felt the more heavily owng to the owners being nearly all small holders, with little else to depend on besides a few cows, and as the sustenance of these has been cut off, their owners will be placed in great straits. The fire is said to have orignated through some ashes threwn out the previous day, which it is thought were fanned into a blaze by the strong wind. 