VICTORIA. i [From out own Correspondent] AleltmnrnA _ KAtmnrv lfl As sppeazs to hare been the case with yon, that old bat ever new subject the weather has been with, us the only thing talked of or thought of daring the week. What has of late yean ceen unusual, we nave nad a long succession of blazing hot-wind days, each one (apparently) considerably hotter and more oppressive than its predecessor. For several seasons past we have been inclined to indulge the delusion that oar climate has been changing wonderfully, and always in the direction of cooler and better. We give up the fancy now, and abandon our* selves to enjoying life with the thermometer ranging as a matter of course from 100' to 101' in the shade and 40s on to that in the sun. Thanks to our splendid water supply, people in the city have suffered but little comparatively, with such luxuries as a never-failing cold bath, bat the thick smoke that for two or three days enveloped Melbourne and suburbs warned us only too sorely that there most hare been suffering in the country. The news to hand since has been especially sad. Not merely has there been the trouble of a failing supply of inter, but the all-devouring element of fire has caused terrible havoc and sad loss of life. The story of the bushfire at Irrewillifer, in the Golac district is one of the most pathetic on record. The hut of a selector was surrounded ai in a moment by the cruel flames. The father with the help of a friend attempted to rescue his family, but in vain : a falling tree smashed one child, and all the rest but one girl fell victims to the fire, including a father, mother, and four children from the ages of ten years to five months. The man who helped lies in a precarious state, and other families just escaped with their lives. The funeral took place on Sunday, and' it was largely attended by persons from all parts of the district. The bush fires were reported to be still raging, stock being roasted alive and thousands of pounds worth of property destroyed. More than ever it will be necessary for the Government to extend a helping hand to the poor selectors. To insist upon their paying their full dues up to date would mean just now nothing short of driving them off the soil. One cheerful piece of intelligence has come to hand, viz., that there is every likelihood of the Victorian Loan being successfully floated at par. The Age points out that this will be a complete answer to some of your legislators who have been rude enough to tread on our pet corns by attributing the low rate of your last venture to the Berryite damage done to colonial credit. Our detractors will presently learn that it is ' no such a thing,' and then will the Argus and the other Jeremiahs have to hide their diminished heads. So may it be, we all heartily respond, only we wish in the meantime that business would look up and the' ugly failures cease. Two more big ones have been added to the list— 'William Brown, fellmonger ; liabilities, £127,439 ; deficiency, £96,420; causes of failure, losses on the purchase and sale of wool. The other failure is that of a well-known and oldesta blished wholesale grocery firm, Messrs. McClure, Valentine. & Co., with liabilitiesabent £100,000 and deficiency £20.000. The firm did not import, but were in the habit of buying largely for the country trade from the leading importing firms in the city, all of whom will suffer largely. There were some disagreeable questions asked at the meeting of creditors as to certain recent purchases of extensive lines. If it should turn out that anything shady has gone on it will form an unpleasant comment on the fact that one of the partners is an elder of a leading Presbyterian kirk. The half-yearly meetings of the Banks are also affording unmistakable evidence of the depression. One of the most successful, the Bonk of Victoria, while declaring a dividend of 10 per cent, announce in their report that, on account of having been called upon to deal with ' adverse circumstances of an unusual character,' they have, to meet contingencies, transferred £115,000 from the Reserve Fund to a suspense account. The private schools have just reopened, and appear likely to be affected by the bad state of affairs. The head of an oldesta blished ladies' college informed me gloomily that several of his girls who were to have come back are now sent by their parents to the State schools, and many others are likely to do the same. The moral seenu to be that we shall all have to notch several pegs lower down— that all classes will have to take to livicg less ex pensively. I'm told that in the Old World, with its present extraordinary depression, they are fast arriving at the same conclusion. The vacancy in the West Bonrke electorate is causing a slight natter in political circles. The name of the new candidates is legion. The now 'inevitable' William Gaunson is of course amongst them, and though he has not the ghost of a chance he declares his intention of going to the poll whatever happens. [He baa since retired. — Ed.] Mr. Alfred Deakin is the chosen of the Liberal party, or rather of the Reform League, which still bangs together and affects to rule the roast in spite of internal dissensions. Mr.' Deakin is a young barrister, at present unknown to fame, and aL-o a writer for the Age. The announce ment that he had been selected by the editor of that powerful organ was received with howls by a section of the League, who would no doubt have nominated oie of themselves. There will be some significance in the contest, as Mr. Deakin, who made a favourable debut last night, is going the whole Ministerial ticket— the Re form Bill and the plebiscitnm, more land taxa tion, Education Act left alone, and protection with a revision of the tariff. On the other hand the Conservative candidates, especially Mr. Harper, a city merchant, and Mr. Hapghton, a squatter, sail underj[very plain colours on the other side. The last named is refreshingly outspoken. He says, 'I am opposed to the present Government,' and thereafter he gives his reasons, which form in brief an impeachment of the Ministry for all the alleged wrongs done during their term of office. ' Ibeir utter want of legislative capacity, as exhibited in the history of their stock, wattle bark, and redgum taxes ; the shameful abuse of their administrative Dowers, as shown in the scandalous use of public railways for party par poses ; the misappropriation of public money in the cases of the Woods's break and the payment of £1,200 to a constituent of the Chief Secretary through the Customs Department, against the judgment of the Commissioner of Customs ; and the ruin of scores of industrious selectors by the blunders of the Minister of Lands. These acts are of such a serious character that any one of them would heretofore have sufficed to drive any Ministry from power.'* After that if Mr. Haughtou secures the seat they may be believed who prophesy that Mr. Berry's days are num bered. The trouble in the Reform Leapie is that Mr. olunro charges the notorious Zeomans with having givtn an imperfect account of funds entrusted to his charge. There have been several urttty scenes, which seemed to threaten the life ef the League, but the Liberal institu tions, unlike the Cou»e:vative weak attempts, manage to develop no end of vitality. One secret is that th« chiefs have the sense to get the League to ignore personal squabbles and stick to their party as if for very life. The Eon. George Higinbotham was invited to stand, but declined the honour. Us has also been asked by a deputation of the Bit to reconsider his refusal of the Judgeship. For private reasons be still adheres to his dezuion. The disgusting enquiry as to the exhumed body of a Mrs. Collins was continued till it was nearly suddenly finished by an unexpected and sensational event. This was the illness of Mr. Crcoke, the surgeon implicated, and from a remark made by the Coroner it was com monly reported that the unfortunate man had taken poison in order to put an end to himself. Great excitement was created, and the doctor's door was besieged by a crowd waiting for further particulars. The medical men who were called in admit that an opiate was taken, but not with a view to suicide, and Mr. Crooke is now out of danger and the trial 'will proceed. The Argus and the other papers devoted several columns each day to the wasby details of the case, which were of a sort that need only have been read by medical n;en. For the sake of our boys and girls, wh » devour the daily paper, it was much to be re gretted that the Press did not make the remark 'unfit for publication' apply to the whole business instead of to Darts only. .Rumours have been flying about as to two other medical men who are likely to get into trouble, one of whom is said to have already found it prudent to bid adieu to these shores. [We learn by telegram that the Jury consider that Mrs. Collins died of abortion criminally procure', and suspicion ii expressed by them in reference to the conduc' of Dr. Orooke.— Kp.] The enquiry into the escape of Marti a Weibeig has revealed some extraordinary blua dering on the part of the detectives. At taa time the wily Martin ran off two of the mea were in a boat close by and two other detective were on shore in charge of the prisoner. One was lifting gear into the boat ; the other was holding a pule to which the prisoner was fasten ing a hook. The latter struck the detective in the stomach and made lor the scrub some 200 yards off, got into it, and disappeared from view, and has not been heard of from that day to this. The curious thing ia that the detec tive struck was taken specially because of his being a crack runner — he was the champion of the colony for several years — but because of the blow and bis being winded, and his having no nails in his boots, Weiberg easily beat him in the chase. It will occur to any one that any decent firearm would have made matters per fectly ? secure, and the detectives had been ordered to arm themselves. Those on shore had only a tiny pistol with a broken spring, which of course would not go off. The ouly explana tion the men can give is that they cannot make it out and that he onght'not to have got away. It is considered highly probable that Weiberg had the whole £5,000 and that Ellison was not in the affair at all. The enquiry will most likely be extended to the general police department. The public will be glad, as there is the most thorough disgust felt at the Kelly failure. The Press have for some time by request kept matters secret, and now for the hundredth time they have to report that there was nothing in it after all — the police had once more been led on a false scent. As a matter of fact we know just as much about the whole affair as we did at the beginning. The unusual step of arrest ing a number of the sympathizers has as yet produced no good result whatever. Great rejoicings accompanied the opening of the railway to Horsham, the centre of our great wheat-producing district. Along the route the (for us) unusual sight was witnessed of large stacks of bags of wheat on the platforms await ing transmission. The extension from Stawell to Horsham is about forty miles over easy ground, and the line has been constructed at moderate cost. Occasion was taken to present His Excellency the Governor with particularly nattering addresses, and Sir George responded again 'for probably the last time.' He has been a bit scoffed at for venturing to compare himself to his 'noble friend'- Lord Dufferin. Sir George said :— ' Like my noble friend Lord Dufferin, the late able and eloquent Governor General of Canada, I have been criticised in some qoarters for having carried to an undue extent the principles of Parliamentary govern ment. On this point Lord Dufferin addressed the Secretary of State for the Colonies (August 18, 1873) in the following remarkable words:— ' The people of Canada will ultimately feel that it is for their permanent interest that a Governor should unflinchingly maintain the principle of Ministerial responsibility ; and that it is better he should be too tardy in relinquishing this palladium of colonial^liberty than too rash in resorting to acts of personal interference.' ' A good many Victorians fail to recognise the likeness between the two Gover nors, ©or Governor's positively last appearance will be at the laying of the foundation-stone of the Exhibition Buildins this week. Pastor Chiniquy, the converted Catholic priest, has arrived here and commenced hi* services. At present he ha3 failed to attract any notice, only the poorest audiences havipg been got together. He seems to be a plain, earnest man, and he repudiates any desire to make violent attacks on the Church which he 'loved and cherished' for twenty-five years. Either we are not so excitable as our neighbours of New South Walse, or else we need a stronger ' mixture to rouse U9. It is very much regretted that the Rev. Thomas Jones, the brilliant and sympathetic Welsh orator of the Collins -street Independent Church, has had to ask to be relieved of his charge. The climate has affected Mr. Jones's health seriously, and he will be glad to get away as soon as a successor can be secured. 