Thanks to the Insurance and Banking Record, the public have at last a key to why business has been somewhat dull of late ; why there have been so few bidders at the land sales, public as well as private, and why the insolvencies of the past few weeks have been more numerous than welcome. The great contention of the Opposition journals all through the piece has been that the existence of the Berry Government was the cause of these things, and that if the Opposition could only get into office, these drawbacks to national progress would disappear, and everybody would become supremely happy. But the curious in such matters have only to turn to the last number of the Insurance and Banking Record to see the complete fallacy of these statements ; though, to do that periodical the justice to which it is entitled, nothing could have been farther from its intentions, than giving a clean bill of health to the Berry Government, when making the disclosure. The first leading article in the Record deals with the subject of the bank returns of Victoria, bringing down its figures and conclusions to the 31st of last December. In that article it is shown that the advances made by the Victorian banks during the year 1878 was less by £62,933 than they were in 1877 ; and we have only to quote the figures which follow, to show that after allowing for the increase of population, the falling-off of £62,933 in the latter year means a still much larger reduction of accommodation to the public than appears at first sight. For example, in 1874 the increase of advances over 1873 amounted to £635,000 ; in 1875, to £1,333,000 ; and in 1876, to £1,286,000. So that if we strike the mean of these three years, and add to it the £62,933 decrease just mentioned, we bring out the result that practically there was a falling-off of bank advances to the Victorian public of something like £1,150,000 during last year. That is to say, if during the last twelve months the banks had continued on the same progressive course as they had pur- sued during 1874, 1875, and 1876, there would have been a larger amount of advances made by them during 1878 to the extent of £1,150,000 ; and there is no setting aside these figures. But as a matter of fact the difference against 1878 in this respect is even still greater than the above figures show. For comparing the December quarter of 1876 with the same, quarter of 1877, the year's increase in advances was then £3,354,000, to quote our contemporary's own language ; and although a large portion of this increase would be due to the capital then being advanced to New South Wales, for land speculations, a portion of it would have remained in Victoria ; and this portion goes to swell the falling-off of £1,150,000 which, under the circumstances described above, there was last year, and in round numbers may be said to bring the reduction up to nearly two millions sterling. Bat we are willing to abandon these latter figures altogether, and take our stand entirely on the former numerals, because they are all-sufficient for our purpose, and because they admit of no possible qualification. Now, can any person wonder that trade has fallen off of late, that the eagerness to buy up land has abated, and that, as we have said, insolvencies have been more numerous lately than welcome ? We should think not, because all these occurrences are explained at once by the above figures. The banks have acted in just the opposite spirit in 1878 to what they did in 1874, 1875, 1876, and 1877. They encouraged enterprise and trade in the former years, and discouraged investment and checked both in the last. They put the screw on tremendously in 1878, and thus of course contracted trade, restricted the amount of money that was available for investment in property, and precipitated a number of shady firms into insolvency and confusion. Here, then, we have a complete explanation of why matters are not so healthy just now in Victoria as could be wished ; and it is all-sufficient to show that politics, or the firm stand of the BERRY Government, or the presence of that terrible visitation known as the " Berry blight," have nothing whatever to do with its existence. Of course we lay no blame at the doors of the banks for the change shown in its policy last year. If they regarded a restriction of advances as necessary, that is their business, and not ours ; and once they decided on taking this step, they simply followed out a periodical course to its logical conclusion. They deemed it wise, in the interests of shareholders, to restrict new accommodation, and call in some of their old advances ; and restrict new accommodation, and call in some of their old advances, they did accordingly. This is banking business ; and no one has any right to say that anything wrong was done by its adoption. The banks appear to have gone to work circumspectly in dealing with their customers ; and so long as they do this, no reasonable fault can be found with their conduct. But the act itself explains why there is not that rush for land which there used to be, why trade is dull, and why insolvencies are unpleasantly numerous ; and this is all we care about showing at present. Practically there was less by £1,150,000 advanced last year by the banks than was the case in the preceding year. This was bound to check the ordinary flow of affairs, and, as a consequence, to produce all the dulness that has since followed. The article in the Record, therefore, appears most opportunely to explain the wherefore of the present crisis, and to show that Liberal politics have nothing to do with its existence. IT is a common practice in this colony to hold up New South Wales as an example which Victoria would do well to follow ; and the consequence is that defects in its condition have often to be shown which, under more favorable circumstances, would pass by unnoticed. It is not altogether a nice thing to be finding fault with one's neighbors on every conceivable or trivial pretext. It is far better to avoid referring to the motes which are in their eyes, as well as to some of the beams which are in our own ; and certainly a more friendly sympathy would be maintained between all the Australian colonies if this forbearing disposition were more generally practised. But the Conservative papers of this colony will not allow this generous spirit to be displayed. They are continually twitting the protectionist party here with how much better off the people of New South Wales are than ourselves, owing to the free-trade policy which they pursue. Hence it becomes necessary for the Liberal papers here occasionally to say what they would gladly avoid, and also to show anything but a neighborly feeling. Now, if there is one thing, for example, more than another that is held up to us to admire in New South Wales, it is that its revenue invariably exceeds expectations. The prosperity of that colony is so great that its Treasurer is never in danger of forecasting the future. The great difficulty is, not to estimate receipts too low ; and all the smartness of the Treasurer of New South Wales is necessary to avoid falling into this error. Here, of course, we are told the reverse is the case. Here, our policy is said to be so disastrous that a very trifling addition made to the receipts of one year is almost sure to overstate the estimates for the next, and expose a Treasurer to no little difficulty and danger when he comes to make the following year's statement. Bat it unfortunately happens for the writers here, who foul their own nest, so that they may the better exalt other people's, that the Treasurer of New South Wales has just delivered his financial address, and shown the complete fallacy of this reasoning. He has shown that the all round increase on the year was certainly £76,000 ; but he added that this was entirely due to realising £130,000 from the sale of land by auction more than was expected. Customs, however, were less than the estimates by £14,000, railways by less than £16,000, the annual land revenue by less than £30,000, and the post office by less than £8000. Here, then, we have a large decline in some of the most important sources of revenue ; and if anything of the kind had occurred proportionately here, the facts would have been described as showing that we were going headlong to ruin. A falling - off of £14,000 in customs, of £16,000 in rail- ways, of £30,000 in the land revenue, and of £8000 in the post office in one year, seems a great deal for a colony like New South Wales. It is equivalent to something like £90,000 of a declension in similar estimates here ; and we need hardly say that it is a long time since anything of that kind happened. There is nothing, of coarse, at all alarming to New South Wales in these fallings-off. They simply show that the Treasurer of last year was too gushing, and that the progress of the sister colony in 1878 was not nearly so great as he expected. But the incident is worth mentioning to show, firstly, that New South Wales has been visited with the same wave of commercial dulness which has spread over this colony of late, and, secondly, that the assertions of the Conservative papers here, that New South Wales is in a tremendously progressive condition, owing to its fiscal policy is a mere figment of the imagination. Tbe fact is that errors occur in the estimates of New South Wales and checks to its career, as well as there are errors and checks of the same kind here. We do not say this with any wish to underrate the sister colony; nor do we put these remarks together with any desire to create a feeling of antagonism between the two places. We simply state what is a fact ; so that the public may see that New South Wales enjoys no advantage over Victoria at the present time, and that dnlness prevails in the one colony as well as in the other. The Conservative papers here will not recognise any such thing. But it is a truth, nevertheless, that the more important items of the estimated revenue of New South Wales show a falling-off for the year 1878 ; and it would be ridiculous to say that New South Wales is forging ahead in view of this occurrence. To-day is the anniversary of St. Valentine, and judging by the purchases made at the various stationers' shops yesterday, the postmen will have a busy time of it in conveying billet doux and the usual humorous cartoons to their addresses. Respecting the intended improvements at the Ballarat East Railway Station, for which the sum of £1500 is placed on the Estimates, Mr James, M.P., has received a communication from the Minister of Railways, stating that plans for the alterations are under consideration. Mrs Mary A. Thomas, a resident of Lal Lal street, met with a very unfortunate accident yesterday. She was going in a cab to the Hospital to visit her husband, who is an in-patient there, when the horse attached to the vehicle bolted, and she was thrown out sustaining in her fall a fracture of the small bone of her right leg. She was conveyed to the Hospital, where her injuries were promptly attended to, and where she now lies. Owing to the dilapidated condition of the old school buildings at Magpie, the inhabitants are anxious to procure a new school-house if possible before the winter sets in. Mr James, M.L.A., having stated the urgency of the case to the Ministry of Instruction, has received a reply stating that Major Smith will as soon as possible pay tbe locality a visit, and see for himself what is needed. Mr James has also brought under the notice of the Minister the great want of a new building for the Upper Moorabool State school, and has been informed that it is the intention of the Minister to erect a new building there as soon possible. Abley commenced his long distance walking match — 200 miles in fifty hours — at the Alfred Hall at half-past eleven last night. Mrs Miller, wife of Mr C. Miller of the Exchange hotel, Scarsdale, died very suddenly on Thursday morning, after only a few hours' illness, the cause of death being typhoid fever. The police consider an inquest necessary, although Dr Jordan saw the deceased on the previous evening. The question of holding another conference of the Bungaree and Buninyongshire councillors anent the maintenance of the north Melbourne road was considered at the meeting of the latter body held yesterday. The action of the Bungareeshire Council was viewed with some disfavor, and finally, on the motion of Councillor Gillanders, it was resolved to invite the Bungareeshire Council to attend at the shire hall on the 13th of March, with a view of adjusting north main road maintenance, and dividing the road. Yesterday morning Constables Thompson and Kilbride arrested two disreputable characters named Maggie Green and Harriet Coulson, along with a Chinaman named Ah Loy, on a charge of vagrancy, at the camp. The women appeared to be suffering from delirium tremens, in which condition they were dancing about in a state of nudity, while the male prisoner and a companion formed the audience for this select corps de ballet. The constables observing their actions got out warrants for the arrest of the prisoners, which was successfully effected. The parties were lodged in the Town lock-up, and will be dealt with to-day. Fears are entertained that in the forthcoming regatta to be held here Melbourne will not be represented as well as could be desired, for in addition to the deterring effects of the proximity of the Melbourne tournament, is the fact of the high rates charged for the carriage of boats between here and Melbourne. Under the old system it is stated a boat could be brought from Melbourne to Ballarat for a little under £2, but the carriage of one from Melbourne to Ballarat a few days ago cost the club about £7. It would be well if the club were to try and get some reduction in the charges, as the presence of Melbourne competitors will greatly add to the interest of the events. At the Buninyong Warden's Court yesterday, the suit Catch-em-by-the- wool Company v Imperial Company, for encroachment, was disposed of, the damages being laid at £21. The case concluded at seven p.m., and a verdict was given fr the plaintiff for £19 15s damages, and costs £13 5s. Mr Watson and Mr Finlayson appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr Hardy for the defendants. As the City Council has decided to tone down the ruggedness of the gravel footpaths in various parts of the city by a layer of sand, we hope some attention will be given to those in Pleasant street, where the side-walks are now nothing more than a collection of jutting rocks and boulders, sufficient to sour the temper of any unfortunate pedestrian compelled to travel that way. A meeting of the St. Patrick's Day fete committee was held last night at Brophy's hotel. There were present — Mr W. Kinane (in the chair), and Messrs Broppy, John Noonan, Martin Ryan, T. Kierse, C. Robertson, C. Fitzgerald, J. J.. Fitzgerald, James Noonan, M. Morrisey, D. Burke, and B. O'Callaghan. An apology for absence was received from Mr T. Maber. The names of Messrs J. Maher, T. Caffrey, and McLellan Brothers were added to the general committee. Donations of £1 were received from Dr Nicholson and Messrs Hepburn and Shoppee. A letter was received from Mr H. Gray, secretary of the Caledonian Society, granting the use of instruments. shovels, hammers, &c.;, for use on the ground. Stewards — Messrs K. Laherty, John Noonan, J. J. Fitzgerald, B. O'Callaghan, J. J. Goller, J. Graber, D. Bonrke, M. Morrisey, J. Devereux, A. Kittson, J. Martin, and Messrs Hennah and Morris were appointed stewards. Messrs Martin, Ryan, T. Maher, H. Josephs, J. P. Collins, James Noonan, G. Lovitt, J. Cusack, W. McMillan, M. McGuire, F. Sheridan, J. Leonard, and Robert Hamilton, were appointed judges. Handicappers — Messrs Greenfield and Davies were appointed. Starter — Mr E. J. Lewis was appointed. Marshals — Dr Nicholson and Messrs J. J. Fitzgerald and W. Kinane were appointed. It was resolved that the procession march to the Western Oral through Pleasant street, instead of Ascot street as before. The vexed question of lunacy fees came up at the meeting of the Buninyongshire Council yesterday, and Councillor Hall remarking on the amount they cost the council, said he thought that had Job been a shire councillor, even his supreme patience would have broken down at the charges made under the head of lunacy fees. A meeting of the creditors of Charles Peers, selector, Woodlands post office, near Lake Boort, was held last night, at the Camp hotel. Mr Windmiller occupied the chair ; there being two other creditors present. Mr Peers stated that his debts amounted to about £100. Of this, £47 (secured) was owing to Mr Windmiller, and £44 to the Bank of Victoria at Wedderburn. Mr Windmiller's debt consisted of a loan, extending over three years, and the bank's of an overdraft, and interest extending over a period of nearly two years. Mr Peers stated that if twelve months' time were granted to him, be would pay off the whole amount of the debt. He had offered £20 to the bank about two months ego, but the amount was refused, and a verdict for the full amount gained in the Supreme Court. It was decided to allow Mr Peers the time he asked, and Mr Windmiller was authorised to make all the necessary arrangements on behalf of the meeting. The annual picnic of the Town Mission Sunday school took place yesterday at the Botanical Gardens. There were about 500 present, children, teachers, &c.;, superintended by Messrs Whitehead, Morgan, Little, and Hosking. Mr Ward did part of the catering, and a very enjoyable day was spent. The Creswick Presbyterian Sunday school picnic, about 200 altogether, also came down to tbe Botanical Gardenx, their catering being done by Mr Ward. To-day the Yarra Street Wesleyan Sunday school, from Geelong, will come to Ballarat ; and on Wednesday next all the Geelong Church of England Sunday schools will visit Ballarat for their annual picnics. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Humf- fray Street Mutual Improvement Association was held on Tuesday evening last at the Bible Christian Schoolroom ; present Mr J. Vickery, sen. (in the chair), and a good muster of members. Readings were given by J. Vickery, J. Drummond. J. Ferguson, J. Berryman, and an essay by Mr J. Vickery, sen., on ".The pleasures and advantages derived by having intercourse with spirits," which proved very instructive and evoked touch discussion. Votes of thanks having been passed, the benediction was pronounced, and the meeting closed. During the evening an election took place for the office of vice-president, to which Mr McMaster was duly elected. The property of Mr T. Taylor, Bridge street, was submitted to public competition by Mr H. L. White yesterday, and was bought in, the best offer being that of Mr Collins, namely, £1000. The reserve was £1150. We have received from Messrs Bardwell and Beauchamp a photograph of the Aboriginal singers from the Lake Condah mission station. The Rev. S. H. Stable, with his wife and child, and the Rev. Mr Allnutt, are also included in the group. Mr A. McDonell, a candidate for the Smythes- dale division of the Mining Board, will address the electors at Hall's hotel, Snake Valley, this evening, at eight o'clock. A requisition to Mr J. T. Macgowan to stand for the vacancy in the City Board of Advice will be found in our advertising columns this morning. Mr Macgowan accepts the invitation, and will be nominated in due course. The return match between the Ballarat and Buninyong bowling clubs will take place on the Ballarat green this afternoon, commencing at half-past two o'clock. The excursion of All Saints' school to Geelong will take place on the 18th instant. Tickets can be obtained at the schoolhouse this evening, Saturday evening, and Monday evening next, at and after half-past seven o'clock. Tickets can also be purchased at the principal shops in the town. It is notified in our advertising columns that all persons intending to compete at the next St. David's Day Eisteddfod, must send their applications to the secretary, Mr T. Williams, on or before t `he 15th instant. It will be seen by our advertising columns that Mr J. E. Andrews has bought the stock of the firm of Irvine Coulter and Co., of Sturt street, and that he will carry on the business in those premises as usual. A meeting of licensed victuallers, brewers' travellers, and others in the trade will be held this evening at the Camp hotel, to arrange for the annual cricket match. The position of affairs (says the Age) with regard to the contest for the vacant seat in the representation of West Bourke remains the same, with the exception that Mr Wm. Gaunson, whose candidature could not possibly have materially influenced the result of the election, has withdrawn. Mr A. Deakin on Tuesday addressed meetings at Myrniong, Greendale, Simmons' Reef, Red Hill, and Barry's Reef, being received in all those districts with the utmost enthusiasm. Resolutions were unanimously passed expressing approval of his candidature, and strong committees were formed in every locality to prosecute the work of canvassing. On Wednesday night Mr Deakin addressed a crowded meeting at Gisborne, Councillor Hill presiding, and a resolution in his favor was unanimously passed. It was rumored on Wednesday that Mr T. E. Healey had retired from the contest, but the report did not receive confirmation. A strenuous effort was made to induce Mr Healy to relinquish the struggle rather than cause unnecessary division in the ranks of his party, but so far it failed. There are still more disasters to report through the late bush-fires. The Telegraph says :— " Terrible fires have been raging in the immediate vicinity of Dromana for the last ten days. On the 6th instant, the anniversary of Black Thursday, the fires assumed their fiercest aspect. From ten a.m. nothing could be seen at a greater distance than a few yards, owing to the dense smoke which enveloped everything. At three p.m. the fire, raging between Dromana and Balnarring, and travelling at a fearful rate in an easterly direction towards the latter place, soon approached the residence of Mr George Sherwood, a selector and fruiterer, whose house, out-buildings, fences, and garden were rapidly consumed. In losing the above effects, Mr Sherwood has lost his all — table, furniture, bed, bedding, clothes, and in fact everything which he was possessed of, and in addition to this Mr and Mrs Sherwood, in trying to save a few things, got severely burned about the hands and arms. The trees in the garden were scorched, and some of the fruit on them was actually roasted. Mr Sherwood is a most respectable, hard-working man, and being left penniless and homeless, would be thankful for any donations that might be forwarded." An innovation (says the Age), which is hailed with great satisfaction by the parties most concerned, has been introduced into the head covering of letter-carriers. Instead of the old peaked caps, every letter- carrier is provided with a light cork helmet, in shape extremely suitable for protecting the eyes from the brilliant glare of the sun, and the back of the head and neck from its heat. A mysterious disappearance (says the Telegraph) which it is believed will eventuate in another case of suicide, was reported to the police on Wednesday. The missing man is a Mr C. S. Evans, who is stated to be head master of a school in Hobart Town. Evans left his residence, Albert Terrace, Grattan street, Carlton, on Monday last, leaving behind him a letter for a fellow-lodger named Springthorpe. The writer states his intention to commit suicide, as he was in financial difficulties. Mr Duncan, the inspector- general of penal establishments (says the Age) has had an interview with the Minister of Public Works in respect to the demolition of the Melbourne Gaol. Steps have been already initiated towards the selection of a new site suitable for a new gaol of moderate dimensions, one which would accommodate at the most from 100 to 150 remanded prisoners. At pre- sent it is thought that a locality somewhere near the new law courts would answer the purpose, and a portion of the Flagstaff reserve will be examined with a view to ascertaining whether or not it is adaptable for the establishment required. As the material for the construction of the new building will come out of the old one, the site and other preliminaries must of necessity be arranged prior to pulling down the present Melbourne Gaol. Great preparations (says the Argus) are being made for the laying of the foundation stone of the Exhibition building in Carlton Gardens on Wednesday next. Sir George Bowen will be accompanied by Lady Bowen and family. A temporary stand will be erected for the accommodation of holders of entree cards, the number of which has been strictly limited to the invitations already issued, and a large space will be railed off for the public, who will have every facility for viewing the ceremony and listening to the speeches. The address to be presented to the Governor will be carefully non-political in character. In the evening the Hon. W. J. Clarke entertains a large company at a dinner in the Town Hall in honor of the occasion. On Wednesday (says the Age) the Government received two telegrams concerning the wreck of tbe Kerangie from Captain Mandeville, both having been despatched from Gabo Island. The first, which was dated 11th February, stated that the Victoria arrived at the wreck at Cape Everard at noon on that day, and took off a portion of the crew of the Kerangie, with their effects. The captain and steward decided to remain on shore until Lloyd's agents arrived. The ship was a hopeless wreck, but in the opinion of Captain Mandeville, the engines, anchors, cable, and other stores might be saved. The weather had been very thick and rainy since the Victoria passed Queenscliff. The second telegram, which is of Wednesday's date, is as follows :— " No sign, at daylight this morning, of the boat which left the wreck for Gabo early yesterday morning. I fully expected to find her here (Gabo) when I sent the telegram on shore last night. The boat could not have met with any accident, having a fair wind, with a swell, but no sea on. I think she must have been picked up by a barque bound apparently for Newcastle. While looking for the wreck off Cape Everard, yesterday forenoon, we observed a barque which was running to haul her wind. The boat had on board the second engineer and eight men. Shall examine the coast between Gabo and Cape Everard." 