BUSH FIRES. The Elaine correspondent of the Ballaral Courier writes that the whole of Mount Dorau was set in a blaze on Wednesday, by the sparks which fell from a passing train on the railway. The damage done was very considerable. Mr John Pearson, who has resided iiftecn years on his allotment, has lost four toii3 of hay, a chalf-cntting ma chine, forty acres of post and rail fence, while the whole of his orchard has been burnt to a cinder. Mr John M'Queen has lost twenty-seven acres of fencing, and 2G0 acres of grass, and liis orchard is rendered useless : and Mr It. Anderson has lost forty chains of fencing, and fifty acres of grass. All the men were called up from the va rious mining claims, and worked like sala manders,' or the fire would have gone on to Dolly's Creek and Morrisons. One valuable watch-dog was burnt to a cinder. Mr Ed ward Pearson, jun., was also burnt about the face, eyes, and whiskers, while .endea voring to extinguish tlie fire. A bush fire occurred at Clark's Hill on Wed nesday, which at one time threatened to destroy several homesteads in its comse. As it is, however, the farm of Mr William Coekburn has suffered severely, the lire de stroying most of his fencing, above 75 acres of grass, nearly 300 tons of firewood, a small house detached from the main build ing, stable, cow-house, and piggery. The stock escaped with the exception of a calf and a pig, which were burnt to death in the places in which they were confined. The dwelliug-honse was saved throngh the fore thought of Mrs Coekburn, who, when she saw the fire approach, filled every available vessel with water, and drenched the .wails and roof wherever the fire touched. Mr Coekburn also managed to save the barn and the grain got from this last season's crops, or otherwise he would have lost nearly every thing he had. The lire is stated to have been caused by the carelessness or want of forethought on the jfarfc of some men' who were engaged in clearing land on an adjoin ing farm. Other farmers in the vicinity have suffered, hnt Mr Coekburn i3 the heaviest loser, and he is altogether unin sured. Wednesday last was a day which will be held in - remembrance by the Buninyong people for a long time to come, in conse quence of a number of bnsh fires raging in eiose proximity to the town—encompassing it on the north, west, and east—and which, at one time, threatened to swallow up in them merciless fury everything before them ; a hot wind blowing all day, which at one time almost approached to a gale, brought with it dense columns of smoke and half-consumed embers, winch fell in showers on to the roofs of honsc3, and for some time hid all objects within the radius of four or five hundred yards. The fire made to the residence of Mr G. Hale, Secretary oE the Shire Council. The fire-bell sounded an alarm, and the Bri gade, together with a multitude of persons, made for that gentleman's residence, and succeeded in saving the huilding. Mr Peter Hedrick'got such a scorching that his nether garments were found to be unequal to the fiery ordeal, and. took wings to them selves. The lire ravaged the One and All claim, rind consumed nearly all the growing and split timber on the ground. A number of cottages belonging to miners, and other buildings, were saved. At two o'clock in the afternoon a most disastrous fire com menced on the eastern side of Mount Bun inyong. -The fire was ascertained to have originated throngh the carelessness, or some thing worse, of some lads, who set fire to a stump for the purpose of clearing the land. The fire, which commenced in the paddock of Mrs Rainbow, devastated several miles of country, - comprising principally the small farms between Buninyong and Cordu roy. Hone of the homesteads are said to he destroyed, hnt fences and everything else of that kind fell a prey to the ilames. The damage done altogether is stated to be above I £4000. ■Ballaral Courier. One of the valuers for Thames County, A ew-Zealand, under the Land Tax Act 187S, has had one form returned to him endorsed tj? M a "Being a Christian pure and sunplc, and a pilgrim on earth waiting for my Lord from heaven and for the city of my lineWiern^km>1 bold property, landed or otherwise, on earth. I am simply refer t, ,li0-use 1 resi(le in, and must refer you to who is the owner thereof.' 