MR TUCKER is being abased not only by his political opponents, bat also by his political friends. That the former should find fault with the zeal with which Mr TUCKER is discharging his functions as chairman of the Closed Boads Commission, is by no means surprising. Mr TUCKER is working hard to lay bare a great fraud upon the community; and it is only, therefore, in accordance with the logic of events that he should be scourged by the friends of the delinquents. Bat that some of bis political friends should torn and rend him is certainly not a little astounding. From them at Ieasthenaturallyenoughlookedforsympathy and support. Instead of which, however, one at least of the Liberal papers has joined the Conservative journals in crying down the earnestness with which Mr TUCKER is doing his work, and the system he pursues for the purpose. Well may Mr TUCKEE exclaim "save me from my friends," for all things considered, condemnation, coming from this class, is certainly far more catting -and severe than anything that can be said of~ him by his bitterest opponents. The complaint preferred against Mr TUCKEB is, that he is too pertinacious with his questions to the witnesses who appear before the commission. He is now with his colleagues in the Camperdown district; and the charge against Mr TUCKER is that he pushes his enquiries so far that witnesses become quite restless and mortified under his examination. But this seems to ns to entitle Mr TUCKEB much rather to praise, than to censure, from every unit of the Liberal press. Camperdown is one of the hotbeds of Conservatism, as well as an arch-offender against the community in the matter of closed roads. It wonld therefore be a grave mistake indeed on the part of Mr TCCEER to discharge his duties perfunctorily in such a place. He would never get at the troth if he did so; and the enquiry at Camperdown would then resnlt in little else than a miserable Jiasc-o. But by poshing his queries home—never allowing a witness to leave the room until all that can be got out of him has been extracted — Mr TUCKER and bis colleagues probe to the very root of the matter, and thus lay bare the full evil, for the investigation of which he and his colleagues were appointed. This is precisely what Mr TUCKEB is doing now at Camperdown; and instead of any portion of the Liberal press Baying a word against the coarse he is pursuing, all should unite in praising him for his spirited and patriotic exertions. It is logical enough, as we have said, that the Opposition papers shonld condemn ths mode of enqniiy he has adopted.. But it is exceedingly illogical that any Liberal paper shonld take np this rule, and thus play into the hands of the Conservative party. However viewed, criticism of this kind is a decided mistake, and let ns hope, as long as the Closed Boads Commission holds together, nothing of the sort will be repeated. Very few pe sons have the remotest idea of the extent towhich the roads have been closed np in this colony, or it would not be necessary for ns to indulge in the foregoing language. Bat the evil is really immense; hence we feel called upon at all times to give the Commissioners all the support we can in discharging their arduous functions. Thousands of miles of the public roads have been dosed throughout the country without leave or license, and to the manifest inconvenience of the public; and the impudent and injurious extent to which thiB . wrong has been carried will be, in no small degree, gathered from the following figures: —In Belfastehire, 101 miles of roads have been dealt with after this fashion; in the shire of Bairnsdale, 277 miles; in Colacshire, 164 miles; in Corioshire, 128 miles; in East Loddonshire, 293 miles; in Glenelgshire, 370 miles; in Grenvilleshire, 214 miles; in MansEeldshire, 182 miles; in Marongshire, 231 miles; in Moant Bowanshire, 465 miles; in Eiponshire, 508miles; in St- Arnaudshire, 250 miles; in Wyndhamshire,248miles; and in Warrnamboolshire, 365 miles. These, are stiff seizures to be-made of the public Toade, and they convey a pretty clear idea of bow the State has been defraaded. But what follows is still more startling. The area of public roads seized by the landowners in Stawellshire amoonts tp 708 imlee; in WaononsVire, to 726 amies'; in Hp&akeahire;, to 1247 miles; wbSe.-the list*s complete when, we Bay that io34inII*s of road have been thus annexed injHampdenshire, a large portion of which is induded in the Camperdown district. These figures show' the extent to which these frauds upon the pnblic have been carried; and if they do not demand a thorough investigation to be made, with a view to remedy the evil, then it would be hard to say what would justify _ any proceeding of this nature. There is no getting over the fact that by taking np these roads the landowners have committed a great wrong. They have robbed the State; they have put the pnblic to considerable inconvenience; and they have intensified the evil of large estates by these misappropriations. It is nothing more than what is due to the public, then, that the whole matter shonld be carefully examined into, and that no pains should be spared by Mr TUCKER and his colleagues* to make the enquiry thoroughly exhaustive. This is really the coarse which Mr TUCKER and his colleagues have pursued hitherto; and, we repeat, that they deserve to be commended by every Liberal paper in the colony for their exertions. It is the only way in which the real truth can be reached; and it is the only way in which a suitable remedy can be effected. THE Temperance News is a very osefol and creditable publication. It is engaged in a good work; it is ably conducted; it is sapplied with a very liberal sprinkling of news interesting tothepablic; and, considering the object for which it exists, it is gratifying to know that it enjoys a good circulation. Bat it is apt, like all enthusiasts, to sacrifice everything for the sake of achieving one end; and when it does this, it seems to us to depart most unfortunately from its proper functions. The latest issue of this paper appeared on the 1st of this nd month; and the number contains an article headed " Political Good Templaiy," which seems to us to convey some very bad advice just now to the temperance party. The pith of it is, that temperance Liberals should not give their support to a political candidate unless he pledges himself to support whatever efforts may be made in Parliament to put an end to the liquor traffic. All other questions, says the News, should be subordinated to this one; so that if a Conservative candidate pledges himself to vote against the sale of strong drinks, and a Liberal candidate declines to rivet himself to this end, then the teetotallers should vote for the Conservative candidate, no matter how strongly he may be opposed to their political opinions. This seems to be such bad advice to give just now that we really hope no member of the teetotal parly will be led away by any such delusion. The great balk of teetotallers are members of the Liberal party, and strong supporters of the present Government—which, for obvious reasons, could not ran amack at the liquor trade. If, then, the Conservatives took the hint which the News throws out, and the whole of the teetotal body were to do what the Netcs adviseB, then the Ministerial majority in the Assembly would melt away at the next election, and it would not be long before a Conservative Ministry was landed in office. In that case, how woald the temperance party stand? It would have ejected a Ministry from offioe, with which it heartily agreed upon every topic save one, and placed in power a Government that, except in this solitary respect, would be altogetheroppoBed to its instincts, and in everlasting conflict with its political convictions. It would have broken op the party which it has done so much to make, and reformed and reestablished the party which it has done bo much to destroy. It would thus, outside the one point, be recreant to its own cause, with the moral certainty following that no reform wonld be effected in the liquor trade because once the Conservatives got back to office they would take very fine care only to fiddle with this question, and leave it in precisely the same condition as they found it to be" in before they got possession of the Treasury benches. No possible good could ariBe from such a plan as the News recommends, even to the temperance party, while a great deal of political harm would be done by its adoption. It would be a silly act, therefore, for the temperance party to yield to such treacherous advice as the News gives, er for them to lend themselves for a single moment to such a blander. Occasions will arise no donbt when the temperance party can act in the manner that is recommended. When there is no question of any consequence before the country; when party differences have lulled for the time being; then, the teetotaller would be quite justified in taking the advice of the News, and doing all he possibly could to briog the cause he has at heart to fruition. But that time is not no w; nor will it be at the next general election. Great issues are now before the country, and it will take some time to dispose of them. It would be a great mistake, therefore, forany teetotaller associated with the Liberal party to pay the slightest heed to what the News urges upon bis attention just now, or to lend himself to any such step as that paper offers to his adoption. There are times for all things. Bat this is not the time to deal with the liquor traffic, or any other subordinate question. His Excellency Sir G. F. Bo wen paid a visit to the Lai Lai ironworks, yesterday, when passing through to the new railway at Horsham, which he opens to-day. The Governor was accompanied by his aide de camp. Major Pitt, the hons. the TVeasnrer, and the Commissioner of Railway, and Messrs Monro, and M'Bain, MX.A. The party arrived at the Lai Lai railway station shortly after one o'clock, and here they were met . by Mr Kelly, the chairman of the board of directors of the company; Messrs Gililand and Batten, director!; and Mr Swifte, secretary. A short adjournment for luncheon was followed by the start for the.znine, which was reached at three r- o'clock^ after about three- quarters of an hoar's travel on a road of the dusty-dusty. The works were duly inspected and commented upon, and the party returned to die station again to start afresh for Stawell and Horeham, in a special train provided for that purpose. Yesterday was another extremely hot day, the thermometer having registered 103 deg. in the shade during the afternoon. The heat was intensified, however, by a hot wind which prevailed all day,{and the numerous bush-fires around the district. At Clarendon, and towards Hardie's Hill, two large Area were burning, while from thenserves of the Water Commission dense volumes of smoke and flame were proceeding all day and night, and the city and town were in a dense hazy smoke towards evening. His Honor Judge Hackett sat in chambers at the Lydiard street conrt-house yesterday morning, and disposed of a couple of cas£s. The Ant was a summons case, Steinfeld v Veitch. It appeared that in 1877 plaintiff recovered judgment against Vetch, who is at present carrying out a contract at Scarsdale, in partnership. Plaintiff, on learning this, then lodged a garnishee summons on the bank, attaching tiie moneys of defendant and his partner, which was opposed; and his Honor dismissed the summons, with £2 2s costs. In Davidson V M'Coll, heard and decided on the previous day, in the abBoice of the defendant, a stay of execution was ordered for seven days, in order to enable the defendant to apply for a new trial, on the ground that the summons did not disclose the whole agreement. Mr Hardy appeared for the defendants in both cases. A serious and destructive Are broke out at about half-past three o'clock yesterday morning, in Albert street, Creswick. The fire, the cause of which is unknown, originated in the store of Mr J. -Harris, fruiterer^ and cabdriver, and completely destroyed the stock and building, over which there is en insurance pojicy of £700. The conflagration extended rapidlyjto the three adjoining properties —owned hy Messrs B. A- Bnrton, B. Barclay (saddler), and J; Martyr (stationer)—all of which were de»troyed, -deapite the determined efforts of the firemen, who used tbelr.litmost endeavors to subdue thie flames. The house of Mr W. P. Jonee, \- . .manager, on tiie _oppo«te oorner was partially burnt, but not •erionsly. We understand 1 r that Mr Barclay was insured for £100, which will not nearly cover his loss. It is mated that an enquiry wul be held shortly as to the origin of the fire. Mr John Hosking, who has been for the last seven years engine-driver at the Temperance Company, Little Bendigo, we regret to state died somewhat suddenly yesterday. It appears ttrat the deceased had been laid up for about a fortnight from inflammation of the left lung, but no fatal result was anticipated. Yesterday morning, however, in coughing, he burst a blood-vessel, and died shortly afterwardB. Mr Hosking leaves a wife and two children, and was deservedly esteemed by a large circle of friends. We understand that fierce bush-fires raged in the Gordon district yesterday. One fire from th Homeward Bound Gully, traversing in a southerly direction, met a second fire coming from the Egerton side, and the conflagration was immense. The mine of the Parker's United Company was in some danger at both the north and south shafts, but admirable arrangements were made by the mining manager, and for some hours the whole of the men were employed defending the works. We are informed by the manager, who with one of the directors left the mine late in the evening, that everything was safe The damage doue, however, in the outlying districts must be very serious. The aboriginal singers from the Lake Condah mission station, who intend holding a service of sacred song in the Mechanics'Institute to-morrow, arrived in Ballarat by train yesterday evening— twenty-two in number—in charge of the Bev. J. H. Stahle, missionary. The singers were taken to the Buck's Head hotel, where they took up their quarters for the night. They will return home on the day after the holding of the service. The hot weather of yesterday caused a large number of bnBh-fires, and besides many others in other places there was a very large one on the water reserves, apparently near Harry Bcall's dam. At the City Police Court yesterday James Dwyer was fined £5, with £5 5s costs, for assaulting a farmer named Martin Keneally at Warrenheip on the 19th of January. The original charge was inflicting grievous bodily harm, but it was afterwards altered by the bench. At Christ Church yesterday Mr A. L. Gilbert, of Warwillah station, Deniliquin, was united in marriage to Miss Eastwood, niece of our respected citizen Dr Hudson. The ceremony was performed by the Bight Bev. Dr Thornton, Bishop of Bal- Israt; and after the wedding breakfast, and the many good wishes for the happiness of the young couple, they proceeded on their wedding tour. The happy man on this occasion is the son of Mr Gilbert, a resident of Ballarat some years since, and well known as one of the fortunate shareholders in the Band of Hope Company. At the meeting held on Tuesday evening at the station of the Ballarat FireJBrigade, in conjunction with the townspeople, it was resolved to canvass the whole of the town for the purpose of increasing the funds and getting new subscribers: The several districts were allotted to various collectors, who will canvass their divisions in conjunction with some of the members, at an early date. The Bnngareeshire Council, at its monthly meeting held yesterday, took no action on the receipt from the manager of the Union Bank of & copy of Mr J. Drummond's protest against further accommodation to the council, which protest Mr Drummond forwarded to the bank, with several reasons for the same. A lengthy notice forwarded by Mr Drummond to the council, pointing out and protesting against misappropriation of the shire funds, was deferred until the next meeting for consideration. A child in a snow-storm at this time of year is rather a novel idea ; but by the aid of photography it appears snow-storms may be made any day, no matter what temperature the atmosphere may be. We were shown yesterday by Mr Willetts a cabinet photograph of his daughter Ada as she appeared at a recent fancy dresB party in this city in the character of*' Snow." The child is represented in a etow-storm—in fact, catching the snow in her hands—and so natural has the artist done his work that it leads one to imagine it is real, so well does the snow seem to fall, the flakes seeming to slight and break on the face; while the accessories, such as rocks, cliffs, &C-;, are well covered, and seem to hang in long flaky masses. To .complete the picture, a little robin redbreast has taken refuge on her shoulder, as if to shelter itself from the storm. The picture is novel in its construction, and the surrounding details are well carried out. It will be on view at the studio, Bridge street, to-day. Carl Erfurth, a selector at Glenaulin, was found on Thursday burned to death outside the remains of his hut. Some men went out in the morning to see the old man, knowing the fire was near him, and to their horror found him dead on his back, with one of his legs completely burned off. The only thing near him was a loaf of bread, his hut and everything about being consumed to ashes. His wife was away at Casterton, attending on their daughter, who is ill; she having lost some children lately by diphtheria. The place where this occurred is three miles from Glenaulin homestead, five miles from Spring Creek (Lyons), and eight miles from Dartmoor. Arrangements have been made for a picnic of the children and teachers of St. Paul's Church Sunday School, Clones, to the Ballarat lake and gardens, on Friday next. We have received a copy of Mr Lester's railway andJcoach time-table for the month of February. A special meeting of the Bungareeshire Council has been called for the 18tb instant, at three o'clock, to consider the question of road maintenance throughout the shire. It is intended to give a complimentary benefit to Mr Bachelder, who was so unfortunate as to have his pantascope destroyed by fire at Deniliquin a short time since. The benefit will take place at the Mechanics' Institute, Start street, next Friday evening, and a few particulars of the event will be found given in our advertising columns this morning. A meeting of the Golden Point Cricket Club will be held this evening at the Golden Point hotel, at eight o'clock. The Ballarat branch of the Australian Natives' Association will meet at Craig's hotel this evening, at eight o'clock. The receipts on the Victorian Railways for the week which ended on the 30th Jannary were £24,27S 13s 7d. The amount received in the corresponding week of last year was £21,S2S Is 4d- We have received from Messrs Gordon and Gotcb a copy of "The Stationers' and Fancy Dealers' Begister " for the month of December. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Horticultural Society will be held at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, at half-past seven o'clock. The forthcoming election for the vacant seat for West Boarke excites (says the" Age) great interest, and candidates are becoming numerous. On Thursday Mr J. T. T. Smith (the late member's son), received an invitation from a number of influential electors to be nominated, with the assurance that he would be stanchly supported. Mr Smith requested time for consideration. Should he decide to stand he wQl do so in the Liberal interest. Mr Thos. Little, of Bomsey. has definitely resolved on bang a candidate; 'and Messrs B. Harper, P. Kelly, S. Staughton and W. Gaunson have announced their candidature. There are also the usual rumors afloat of other aspirants for the position, but the number will probably not be much extended. We find the following paragraph in yesterday's Argus:—" In reference to the claim of the United Hand and Band (No Liability) Company against the National Bank, we understand that the bank received by the last mail opinions in extenso of eminent English counsel, setting forth their reasons for the conclusion previously arrived at, altogether advene to the claim of the company," The Bendigo Independent writes:—"It was rumored in the city on Monday that a case of small-pox had been discovered in the Sandhurst gad, and the consequence was that no small amount of alarm waa felt for fear that the disease might spread. From enquiry made, however, we leam that the cause for the alarm experienced did not fortunately exist. A pri soner (a blackfellow) was found to be suffering from a disease, which at first was considered similar in its symptoms to the small-pox. As some doubt existed as to file exact nature of the disease, a consultation of Drs Atkinson, Boyd, and Cruickshaak was held, and the result of their investigation was the discovery that the complaint waa a species of chicken-pox. Of course means for isolating the sufferer were taken without delay, so Oat citizens need not rest under any apprehension of danger." A meeting of the creditors of Messrs James M*Dowall and Co., agricultural implement merchants, of Ballarat. was hdd (saya the Age) at the Railway hotel, Melbourne, on Monday afternoon. The chair was occupied by the Hon. C. J. Jenner. A statement submitted showed liabilities, £10,789 • assets, £13,172; private property, £4400, leaving a surplus of £6878. It was decided that the estate should be assigned to Messrs Jenner and Cooper for the benefit of mil concerned. A "rabbit exterminator" (saya the Gee/oug Advertiser) has been invented by Mr E. Taylor, of Colac, which is said to be an admirable instrument for use on rabbit-infested stations. The machinery consists of a dose hon cylinder, into which fire is placed and rJipmlnals thrown in, poisonous gaaea being generated. A tube is fixed on to tbe cylinder, ana the pressure for forcing the noxious, fames into the rabbit barrows is obtained br means of powerful bellows, the tubing,' of conne bongjput into the month of the burrow and properly sealed, so as to prevent the escane of the fumes. The smoke travels quickly aLoS the line of the burro*, and when, tt exams torn [ cracks it ti easily noticed, so that the cracks can be covered over with earth. The chemicals and are kept a secret. The " Exterminator" bas been tried by Mr William F. Timma, of Mount Hesse, and that gentleman reports very favorably as to its deadly character; for whenever used the rabbits were found to be dead, and the coat of the chemicals was only one shilling per day. Messrs Hnmble and Nicholson, of the Vulcan foundry, are the makers of the machinery, and the " Extenmnator," with materials, caa be purchased for £16. Already several orders have been given for the machines. The Age says that Mr Thos. Shaw bas definitely intimated his intention of contesting Kipon and Hampden at the next general election. Decidedly (remarks tbe Ararat Advertiser) the finest yield of oats that has come under out notice as obtained by the farmer in this district during the present season, is that threshed out last week by Mr Thomas Moorfoot, on the Moyston road. Here threshing has just been completed, the average result being the splendid return of 54½ bushels to the acre of good sound grain. In October, 1877 (says the Argus) a brokendown solicitor named JameB Pitt died in thelmmp. grants'Home, and it was afterwards discovered that he was the missing heir of a property in the old country yielding an annual income of about £2000. By the last mail Messrs Blake and Biggall received a remittance of £100 from his friends, which, in accordance with their instruc- tions, they have paid over to the Immigrants' Aid Society. Pitt was an inmate of the borne for five years, and his maintenance only coBt the society about £13 or £14 a year, so the remittance will fully recoup them. It has been definitely decided (says the Age) that the foundations of the International Exhibition building in the Carlton Gardens shall be laid by hiB Excellency Sir George Bowen before his departure for Europe, and on Monday the date of the ceremony was fixed for the 19 th instant. The investigation into the recent accident at tbe Oriental claim has had (says the P. C. News) a most beneficial effect upon the management of the principal claims in the district, which shows that the companies only require to be shown any appliance which will act as a safeguard against tbe loss of life to adopt it. At the enquiry referred to several of. the witnesses expressed it as their opinion that a second brace erected at about a' cage-length between the gin-wheels, with selfacting " kips," or catches, would have prevented the cage from falling down tbe shaft. The result of this expression of opinion has been that tbe Pleaaant Creek North Cross Beef Company are erecting second braces at both of their shafts, whilst at the Extended Cross Beef, Msgdala, Oriental, and other shafts they are also in course of erection. ((The disappearance of a medical gentleman who has for some time enjoyed a practice in Melbourne, and was generally thought to be in good circumstances, was freely (says the Age) discussed on Monday night. The catastrophe is ascribed to financial difficulties, and it is said that the missing gentleman leaves a wide circle of lamenting friends. We much regret (writes the Argus) having to announce the suspension of MesBrs M'Clure, Valantine, and Co., the well-known wholesale grocers of this city. Tbe direct liabilities are stated to amount to nearly £109,000, but it is satisfactory to have it in onr power to say that the deficiency will not be excessive—certainly not more than £20,000, as far as we can learn. A meeting of creditors has been called for Thursday next, when a statement of their affairs, prepared by Messrs Lyell and Gowan, will be submitted. A meeting of the Bacchus Marsh Protection and Reform League (says the Age) was held on Saturday evening. Reference was made to the death of their late representative, Mr J. T. Smith. It was agreed that a letter expressive of the league's sympathy with Mrs Smith in her present bereavement be forwarded to her. The names of fifteen gentlemen were mentioned as likely to canvass tbe electorate. The meeting then adjourned for a week, pending the declaration of the candidates' views. A rich story comes to the Maryborough Standard from Avoca, and is related by a gentleman whose veracity is beyond question. A gentleman connected with mining ventures, and ef considerable influence, visited Maryborough with a view to inspect the mining industry of the neighborhood.. He went to the Working Miners claim, Homebush. While there he was pounced upon by a mounted constable of police from Avoca, who declared that the gentleman was none other than the redoubtable outlaw, Ned Kelly. Remonstrances were vain; the policeman would have it that he had arrested Belly, and he borrowed a cart wherewith to convey his prisoner to the lock-up. On the road, tbe cart came to grief, and the shafts were broken. Ultimately Avoca was reached. It had been pointed out to tbe constable that Kelly was a young man,: whereas hiBprisonerwasan elderly gentleman; so the officer, after cogitating, arrived atthoconclusion that he had arrested Weiberg, the gold-robber. Such was the information he volunteered to his snperior officer, who pooh-poohed the statement. The constable persisted, and Sergeant Shanklin still doubting, it is averred his junior officer struck him: whereupon the sergeant collared the constable, and forthwith lodged him in the lock-up. The Sandhurst gentleman was set at liberty, and on Saturday returned home. "Mr Frank Allan," the Gippsland Mercury states, " received a very welcome and most unexpected surprise on Friday by post from Philadelphia. It will be recollected that during the cricket match in that city last year a number of watches were stolen from the pavilion occupied by the Australian Eleven, and that the property could not be recovered previous to their departure. The police, however, promised to use every exertion to restore the stolen articles, and they were apparently successful a very short time after the theft. The packet which Mr Allan received contained two watches, bis own and one he was bringing out for his brother, but not a single scrap of writing to explain how, where, or when the watches were found. The only information of the source whence the packet was sent was on the address, which intimsted that it came from the police at Philadelphia." 