THE BENDICiO ADVERTISES (PUBUSiiED daily.) PR0GRES3I0K, OUP. RIQBTS. AND OOK 3SSOUHCE& -V.-t NDHU ItS T. FRIO A 1\ FEB. 7. 1X7.9. THE RESIGNATION OF MARSHAL MACMAHON. Lv order to understand that last assertion of his authority which lias resulted in the resignation of Marshal MacMahon, it is necessary to remember how and why he was elected. He was made President for seven • years by an Assembly which did not repre sent the cuuuiry, and which has ceased to exist. An accident lmd given a majority to the Royalists, and, knowing that it would be destroyed by the next general election, they sought to perpetuate their own power by the election of Marshal MacMahon. Tlie device was skilful, and the choice was ad mirable. Bred in camps, and acquainted with no other political maxims than those of Imperialism, Marshal MacMahon carried military and despotic ideas to the place of Chief Magistrate. He had been chosen by the Royalist and Imperialist par ties to keep down the Republicans, lie had received a commission from them. He had given—and he has kept—his word of honor that he would be faithful. Marshal Mac Malion had been the victor of the MalakotV. The Presidential chair was a yiulitical Mala koff, which he had stormed, the enemy, in place of Russians, being Republicans. When . a majority of the Chamber was hostile to his \- ~~ —" —^,1— he had not been elected. He was respon 1 sible only to France. If - it was difficult to learn the mind of France, it was easy to learn the minds of the Due do Broglie and it. JJuft'et, who had made him President of the Republic, and who were ever at lm side ro whisper away tlie bad counsels of the Republican ma jorities. Prompted by them, it is thought, he took Republican Ministers rather than provoke c storm. But lie did not pretend to like them, Km! he plainly intimated to them that they would be dismissed if they should seem to be undermining the prin ciples of the party which, by a strange stroke ut irony, is called Conservative. Least of all could he like M. .7ul.es Simon, who, although as little of a radical as a: man in France, had, in a splendid specimen of eloquence, ridiculed the idea that a gallant general <_)f division could rank among the dictators of a country overshadowed by the memory of Napoleon. A t last, either the Marshal or his hidden counsellors saw that his Ministers were giving a dangerous Jxu publican tone to every department pf the State except the army, with which he would brook no interference. That department, too, at last touched, Marshal MacMahon made his resignation the alternative of In terference. He has resigned. And yet, with thai exception, the domestic policy of Franco was iiborul. Its foreign policy, without exception, ;.vas liberal. The Catholic clergy were taught that they must obey the civil laws. The Royalist and Im perialist prefects had either been dismissed or removed, and were succeeded by trusted Republicans. Never had France been more profoundly peaceful. Never had the Govern-* ment of France won greater respect abroad. Xo Homier that the prospect did not please advisers who, so long as the Republic should be real, must be ex cluded from office, and who had convinced themselves that, however fair its promises, it viv.uld bring anarchy in the end. Nor was it surprising that the Marshal should be uneasy when iio jaw himself absolutely strengthening the Republic, jvhieh he had been elected to keep in subjection, J-Jis military instincts would seem to have hinted to hitu that he was almost betraying his trust, i;i?til the last proposition of all, that men of pronounced Republican tendencies .should be entrusted ;vith military command, forced l'im to bear the tesponsibility no longer. He h'ul already, tv>~0 };<:•••; since, dismissed a Minister fs summarily Oo ii.e would have dismissed any obscure Colonel, who, in the field of battle, had failed to obey l;ig commands. But the MsjeIiuI President lias always merited pit)' as well ^s criticism—pity, because he has occupied a position to? tyhieh he was profoundly unfitted, alike by mind and uvining, and because his very instincts of soldierly iiivjier Jed him into a path which was but too likely to omJ either in humilia tion for himself, or in disasty}- for his country. The humiliation has been spared him, by his own act, when he saw himself powerless to avert the disaster. The true culprits are those astute partisans who prompted him to set his anned will against, that of the nation. The Deputies of the Right, indeed, pleaded that lie had a consti tutional right iv dismiss M. Jules Simon, but the Deputies of the I_tft could urge the more valid plea that he had also a, constitu tional obligation to guide himself by the 4icr tatesof Parliament. Having set himself against the Republican principle, while the nation steadily affirmed it, the proud soldier had but to choose between the Buriepder of his power viiih liis convictions, or the ass£-: i;on of tliem by force. But the responsibility rests upon those counsellors who misguideu the leader of half a million- armed men. Tlie guilt vests upon the secret and irre sponsible advisers of the honorable and jailaut mail, for whom aiiyyaiiee can easily i»e made, wljo undertook political diities late 11 life, and who lired in an atmosphere of Misleading flattery. Moderation of language and conduct, such is has invariably distinguished the successor of Marshal MaeMahon, may do much to repair the error. Never was there greater need for the leaders of Franca to tem per firmness with caution. The chief who lias been lately deposed w;is one of rhose natures which are hardened by threats, and arc innocent of fear. The power of denunciation, however largely drawn on by JI. fiambetta, mi;,'ht as well have been un used. lint prudence of action is sometimes consistent with passionate speech. In pre sence of a commanding necessity, the spirit of the constitution will be best observed by that patient and temperate language which can assert constitutional rights without tumult, without threats, even without words of disrespect. Even a Republic is streng thened by a command of temper, and a re spect for law. The Diamond Drill. — Auer nearly a month of inactiou the Government diamond driii. .it the Great Southern Company, has again been started to work; this time under the direction of Mr. Newmau, who erected the machinery in the first instance, hut was superseded in the commaud of operations by Mr. 1'iriwoni. Mr. Newmau arrived in Sandhurst on Wednesday night, and got to work early yesterday morn ing. The drill was started" with one of the same "bits" which Mr. Griscom refused as being improperly set. The first operation was to subject. the last 40 feet of the bore-hole to the process of what is technically called " rini -neriug " or enlarging the opening. After this was done 14 feet was bored through hard date country, intersected with veins of quartz if about mi inch in thickness. The drill worked satisfactorily, and boring operations will be carried ou with all despatcli as long as the two "bits" hold good, but as these may knock up at any moment delays may occur again before long. A consignment of diamonds is, wo under stand, expected liv the incoming mail, and as soon as they arrive more " bits " will be obtain able for the use of eaeh of the drills, as the i4bits" will be manufactured as quickly as pos sible. Sickness From tub Hot Weathek.—The extreme heat of the weather lately has had a very trying effect oa all sick persons, and has been the primary cause of many being laid 'ipou a sick bed, who would, in all probability, other wise now be in their usual good heath. Mr. C. Crawford, of the I5ath Hotel, has been obliged to become a paying patient in the Bendigo Hospital, where, we understand, he is to undergo a painful operation for the cure of a deep-seated disease. Air, James Clougb, well-known in pedestrian circles, has been very seriously indisposed lately, iii-fact so much so that his life has been despaired of by his medical advisers. Yesterday, however, a slight change fi.r the batter occurred in his condition. Mr. Thomas Burrows, of Baruard street. has also been seriously ill, though he appeared to have slightly improved yesterday. Numbers of other well-known citizens ale also ; .iid up, and the main cause is considered to be ■he excessive heat of the weather we have been experiencing lately. Lvikuestisc. to Contractors. —At the meet ing of the Marong Shire Council yesterday, the reports from t he public works committee of the lifferent ridiutjs on the proposed works for the ensuing year, tvere brought up anil adopted. It was decided that about SO of the most Urgent works recorameuded by the coniiiiittee should be proceed with at once, and'the engineer ",\vas instructed to call for tenders for the same, which will entiiil au expenditure of over f^jOOO.1 Calls on Shares is' Defunct Companies; —At the fitting of the County Court a number ,.f actions have beeu brought by the official liqu idator against shareholders iu companies now in process of beiug wound up; The legal dilli cnlties connected with the working of the Companies' Act have hitherto .beeu so - great that the creditors of such companies have sub mitted to tlie loss of the amounts due rather than incur the risk and cost of proceedings. Latety, however, some decisions ol the Supremo Court have cleared the road, and the process of "winding-up" seems to have commenced in earnest. Yesterday au action of the liquidator against a shareholder was met by technical objections, and postponed to next court. An other, llasker (liquidator) v. Robertson, iu which several important law points were in volved, occupied a large portionot the day, and will, perhaps, be decided on this morning bv iiis Honor the judge. Mr. Ilelm, for the defen dant (Robertson), raised a host of objections, and if they succeed, there must be au appeal, ot it will be very dillieult to wind up companies the action should have been brought it] the police court; that it should have been brought within 12 months, or if in the County Court within fourteen days. Mr. Hughes re plied at considerable length to Mr. Helm's arguments, citing cases, and referring to the two Acts Nos. 22S and 400. His Honor said the questions agued were top important to de cide'at once; he would carefully consider the authorities and the whole subject' ami endeavor to give his decision this morning. Several similar ease.-i on the liat will be practically determined by the decision which bis honor may arrive at in this ease. Iiie Late Alu. I. T. James.—In the Supreme Court yesterday probate to the will i,t the late Mr. F. T. James, of Californian Gully, was granted, the amount bents; sworn at i'3S,000. A Blood Colt.—Yesterday we had an op portunity of inspecting a tine yearling blood colt, the property of Mr. C. Osborne, of Kan garoo Flat. This promising youngster, which in regard either to size or shape is a splendid aubnal, is by Mr. D. C. Sterry's horse Morang, dam Atalariii, -£. >1. Marchioness. He lias a line intelligent head, go^ii reiu, is well ribbed, and has a line set of lesjs. Be is a well-shaped animal, showing strength and svmmetery, and, if well handled, should hereafter ^ive a good account of himself on the turf—if not on the fiat, at any rate oyer the timbers. From his size uov, 15 months old, lie bids lair to stand, when full grown, ^!>yut 17 hands high. When seen last November by -^ he aaid there was not such a yearling to bo found in Melbourne. Tin: ilAiiO.\r; Sutrt£ Hall.—Tlie question as to whether a new shire hall s'n at Marong, and file present building at Lock wood abandoned, was a months ago Settled for twoh'rt months at anyrate, and yesterday the supporters of the iu.ny hall received a severe cheel: to their scheme. Or, Sherry, in accordance with notice given, moved that before iuiy steps v/ere taken towards building a new slii're hall a poll Oi JtliJi ratepayers should be taken, and this was carried wifcij Ciily two dissentients, so that die question now rests with the Ratepayers. It must be agreed that this is the fairest v.'W of settling the dilliculty, for mi opportunity wid now V.fl offered to the ratepayers to prmiiiiin their opinion respecting the vexed question. Tuk Wkatheu.—A great many persons felt the heat yesterday mure Ulan on the previous day, although the thermometer did nut go over lCUr iu tiio shade. The heat was, however, of a moist muggy .character, and continued with little or no abatement iroiii 9 a.m. till 0 p.m. Tile sky was overcast with a thick hate, possi bly from the smoke of bushfires, and this had the eli'eet of depriving the sun's rays of much of their heating powers. During the day the wind was from the north, but very light and fitful, and after dark there was scarcely a breath of y/ind blowing. Yesterday was the •2Sth anniversary oj" "Black Thursday." Old colonists will retain a vivid recollection of this day, the Gih February, 18.11, when huuhlires raged almost - from one. end of tho colony to "the other. The thermometer reen tered in the .shade c.t Messrs. Joseph and Co., Pall-Mall, as follows:—9 a.m., sS"; uooti, 9ft"; 3 p.m., 9S°: li p.m. 93'; maximum, 100*; uiiiii muiii, G&\ The barometer at 9 a.m. regis tered -9'3$0; .0 p.m., 29'310. Our Melbourne correspondent, uu'fjir date yesterday, writes:— This, tlio 28th anniversary (jf Black Thurs day " ha? well kept up Die character of its fore runner, and people here have biV'ii baking and— to use the expression of which Bism.wit gf'ts tjie credit, but of which Metteruich is said to haversally been the author—"simmering in their own graVy,A temperature of 140' has been registered iu the fiim, while in the shade the thermometers have marked from 5(T up to 100' according to situation, At the moment .of , I writing—0.30 p.m.—tlid hiUt#U still great, and tb.ere is no present prospect of a cuange, | Koyal P/iiy.yjf.-is Theatre.—Last evening the talented company nov performing iu the above theatre appeared for the last time :u the drama of " The Man from America," aud judging ircin the treuue'nt bursts of applause the°audienee were evidently v.-eil pleased with the perform ance. This eveniug " Uncle Tom's Cabin" will be produced, and will be repeated to-morrow afternoon at the matinee which commences at half-past 1 o clock, lne successful manner in which this piece was performed on the previous visit of this cotupauy, and the exquisite acting of Li.ttli Bella as Eva, should draw a crowded house {'6-mgi;.t. To-morrow evening will posi tively be "the last night, when "Bip Van Winkle" will be performed. .Mr. F. Tayleb.—The resignation si Mr. P. Tayler, district drawing master, was received last Wgiit hy the administrative council vf the School of ilinei $,? tcacher or the School of Desigii, aud want resoivori tfcat a testimonial be presented to Mr prior to his departure from this :ity for the mt?*™}™' . ™fi of the council spoke in the fceniW cf Mr, , layler, ;u;«i pxpressed uncjualifieu tit his severing iiia -couue^tiou with the school, uiw'i^h ihey were glad that Mr. Taylor hud received the promotion from the Government which lie so ve?i merited. Mr. Tayler, we feel sure, will rarry with him in»r. only the good wishes of the \ ifh -til of Minus CninuiiUev, but iilsu thurfe of a j arije circle of frieiujs. T]iE Big Hili..—About the month of Sep tember last year a petition was sent in to the Marong Shire Council praying for the Big Hill to be not down. A work of such importance, and one likely to cost nearly a thousand pounds, eonlil not, of course, be undertaken without, due consideration, a:,.I even after ihe engineer had report'd on tlie work and estimated that the com, would be aW see their way clear to undertake the project, although fully alive to the importance of having the work done without delay. At the meeting of the council yesterday, a letter was received from Mr. \V. Davidson, of Kangaroo Flat, in quiring what had been done in the matter, and stating that he had received written promised of pecuniary assistance from private persons amounting to .£170, and that no doubt sufficient might bo obtained from the Government to make up the sum required. The committee of the •South Riding. i:< their report 011 public works tor the ensuing year, stated that the subject had received their most careful. consideration, and they recommended that it the amount raised by private subscription, and the sum voted by Government were equal to tw.i-t birds of the . est, they were prepared to recommend the conned to guarantee the balance out of the apportionment made to the South Hiding. The matter was briefly discussed, and on tile motion oi Or. Sterry it was decided that the President and Cr. Sutherland, who would shortly be in Melbourne in reference to a goods-landing stage at the Derby Railway Station, should wait on the Minister of Public Works and ask for 11 sum of £fi()0 to be placed on the estimates for tiiis work. It was also further decided that the Sandhurst City Council should be requested to co-operate with the Marong Shire Council in getting this, work done. t'll'.E IN- H ILI.IAMSOX-.STRKET.—About a quarter to throe oVdock this morning a fire broke out iu a four-roomed brick limine, which, we understand, was the property of :i person named Best, who resides in M-'lbourtio. The alarm was promptly sounded, and the members of the various fire brigades displayed commend able alacrity iu reaching the scene of the con flagration. The house was situated at the eastern side of the railway crossing, at the foot of the hill, and near the Brougham Arms Hotel. The building was unoccupied, and it was stated by some of those present that it never had buen occupied since it was built. The place was completely gutted, the flames not being subdued until everything had been burnt, except the four brick walls. The origin of the lire is a mystery. We were in formed that the. loss is covered by insur ance. The Rumoheh Outbreak of .Small-pox.— We are glad to learn that tin: conclusion come to by Drs. Cruikshank, Boyd, and Atkinson, in the suoposed ease of small- pox in the gaol, has been entirely correct, and that the South Sea Islauder, whose complaint has turned out to be only an aggravated case of chicken-pox, is now progressing rapidly towards recovery. Crrv Police Conn1.—Messrs. M. Samuel and Hayes, Js.l\, presided at this court yester day. Annie M'Bride was charged with being ail idle and disorderly person, having no visible meaus of support, and was sentenced to tiiree months' imprisonment with hard labor. Minnie Bentley was charged with having appropriated to hei own use and bc-iiKtit a bank note for £5, the property uf Ciias. liobt. Johnson, on Tues day, the 4th instant. On the application of Mr. Motteram the prisoner was remanded until Monday next, and bail was allowed in one surety of £10, and the prisoner in a like amount. For offences against the Education Act Cor nelius Patton was fined 10s. for not send ing his two boys to school,'and John Rettalliek in a like amount for two of his children. Orders were made for the amounts with costs in the ■ following debt cases:—Lewis v. Cliapple, £5 <10a., 5s. costs; Holmes v. Tuck, £3 8s. 3d., 2s. Gd. costs; Wild v. Ende, £1 13s. lid., 2s. Od. ,coats. Advkrtisika Art-Unions.—At tlie Hobart • 'Town; Police Court, on the "11 at ultimo, the ■ proprietors of the Hob'A ti 'J'owti Mttrcui'i/ were summoned for having published an advertise ment of a certain lottery called the Ballarat Gallery of Paintings, contrary to the provisions of -the Suppression of Lotteries' Act. The object of the prosecution was not to secure a heavy penalty, hut only to allirm the principle, and have a decision whether newspapers could »n 011 publishing such advertisements or not. Sir. Gill, who appeared for the defence, said the defendants desired to have the decision of the bench as to whether th.* provisions of the act had been enforced, and they had dona everything in their power to assist the com ' plainant by admitting the publication. He pointed out that this art-union was announced as being held by the permission of the Attorney ' General of Victoria, and was perfectly legal L ...chert! t XI'B Beuch-held.it-.to bsJi>eir_djity to ' nominal line. They sentence.! each "(iefemtaht 1 to_ pay 5s. fine and the oQiee costs. A similar ■ information against Mr. J. I?. Cunningham, manager of the Tribune, for having published in that paper an advertisement of gifts in con 1 nection with Eainer'a Diorama was adjourned till Friday next. Volunteer Parade.—On Wednesday a parade of the Northern Battalion took place at Kyneton, when, notwithstanding the exces sively hot weather, there was a very good attendance of riflemen, made up of contingents from Beudigo. Oastlemaine, Maldon, Ivyneton, and Mahnshury. The pir.ide took place upon the Kviuiton racecourse, the battalion consist ing of four companies under the respective com mands of Captains Anderson, Wells, Courtney, and Roopell. The adjutancy was filled by Captain Pailiser, Captains Blackham and Thir kettle acting as majors. Colonel Bull was pre sent, and inspected the belts of the men, after which he add/esssd those present at some length, and handed the parade over to Major Aitken. That officer exercised the companies for above an hour in the extended drill for attack, and subsequently in a number ot bat talion movements. The Beudigo Rifles, who •lumbered about fifty, returned to Sandhurst by the last train 011 Wednesday evening. Coitntv Court.—Yesterday the February sittings of this court were commenced bufore His Honor Acting Judge Leech. The list of cases to ha disposed of is not a long one, and considerable progress was made. Si'RAlxED Ankle.—A laborer named Edward Hughes was admitted to the Bendigo Hospital yesterday sufi'ering from a sprained ankle, re sulting from his slipping while carrying a hod of bricks at Webb' and Co.'a new flour mills in Williamson-street. iiDH'AUDS, TIlK LOXd'DKTAXCK Wat.kkr.— This famous pedestrian commences his jouriiey of 110 miles, which he is to complete insiile of 2-1 Hours, at nine o'clock to-night. This extra ordinary fe.it is to lie carried nut in the Masonic Hall, Sjicci.il arrangements have been made for the accommodation of ladies, the gallery having be"ii specially reserved for them, whilst proper regard lias also been paid to the comfort of other visitors. Edwards, it is expected, will walk the rjrst 30 miles in six hours; it takes about 2f> laps for tlje completion of each mile, so it m.vV lie easily calculated what the magni tude of the feat must he, and the extraordinary endurance and staving powers the pedestrian must have t° accomplish it. After the first SO miles have been completed Kdwards will take a short spell, and will rest at ii.tervals afterwards, linisbing the distance, according tn his antici pation, by nine o'clock on Saturday night. T[;c West Rohiuce Ht.kction'.—All the can didates previously mentioned in connexion with tlie Wett Bourke election are still in the field. Mr. Staugbton (the Ari/tie says) is actively at work, and is declared by his frieuds to be a certain starter. Mr, Harper has commenced his meetings, and was well received on Wednesday evening at Gisborne. Mr. J. T. T. Smith lias not yet declared whether or not be will come forward au the Government candidate. The Reform Leagues of Batch us Marsh and Esseudou manifest ft preference for Mr. W. M. K. Vale, and sent a deputation to that gentleman urging him to stand. Mr. Vale says t)|at he docs not wish to split the Reform League vote, and that he iviH hot stand unless the Ministry refrain from opposition, The address of Mr. Thomas Little has lieeu publish?''.* -I'10 states that Mr. Wrixon has been spoken oi' i7* a WW'date on tilt; ride, and Mr. Higinbothn.ni been ayke«l fcit) sL:in(} in the same interest, but Iku ifaclijifcil. ifr. G. Stoi res, ofliomsey, and Mr. J. O'Graity, of Upper Macedon, are among the number of aspirants to tliG s?:it, The T,-!t>/pa/>h says that Mr. W. Gaunson avows Ilia determina tion to go the poll. SlXECTOlls' Rests.—The [Itrabl states :—An important deputation is to wait 011 the Minister of Lru'ds on Monday it noon. Tiie deputation fiyery district in V'ietpria which lias suffered thrtiu^1 UlG ref ^ la'-ge number of members o. „ ^ i\F ^ pected to take part in it. The object is to ' tho Minister of Lands to grant a remission of rents on the Ij.iui iu the districts where the crops have'turued one 9. total failure. Great distress is stated'to exist among the farmers, ai)d thoy find that this" is the only course they can adopt, having no means of piyiiig their rent. It is likely that their representations will: be favorably considered. Death or Mrs. Bath.—The Ballarai Courier lias the following:—We regret to record the death of Mrs. Bath, wife of the Rev. Henry Bath, Wesleyan minister, which sad event took place on Wednesday at the parsonage, Lydiard atreet, after a a illness of about two months, from' tumor in tho chest. Tho deceased lady and her reverend husband arrived in Ballarat in April last, and since her residence here had made many warm and attached friends. The Rev. Thomas Jones the popular minister the CoHins-atreet Iudependent Church, has sent in hi? resignation, with the iutentiou returning to England, J;ut it is hoped he may bo prevailed uuou .to remaiu in Melbourne. —Argus. Tiie foundation stone of the new exhibition milding.-:, in Carl ton Gar-lens, will be laid by lis ICxvellenoy tiie Governor on Wednesday, the I'Jiii ihst. 