WA TJS^O 11 MISSION. Friday, 14th Februaht. Fret&nt;—The chilrmtn (Or Mcrrieoc) and Cm Josephs, Lewis, Ferguson, Phillips, Robertson, Dunn, , — From the Etationmuler, BilUrit, asking on behill of tho traffic manager if the commission wonld make an rtitiurI charge for the supply of water, and if so, what Tvonld be tho charge. Referred to the? _works cumrailteo for report.—From city clerk, Etating that the cooncit had no objection to water being enpplied to May Md party's paddling machine off Webster street, enltject to its being cnt off at any time »t reqne&tof; council- Beoeived. jfrsiKCS.—The following accounts rrere passed for payment:—Labor, £42 lSeod; charwoman,£i; labor on resorves, £33X3a; Phrenix Fonndry Company, £5 4s Sd; J. Mann, £2 ?s; B. SL'Eobinson, £1 7s Cd: Gfi Company, £1 lie 5d; B Gibbings, .£2 ; V. Liddiard, £113s 9d; W. Dunn, £1 It. ' WOHKS Committee's pBPOHT—Stated:—1- Betnrn of qoantity cf water supplied for mining purposes trader new regulations and prior thereto—Your committee having investigated the several accounts of companies taking water under the new regulations, have forrnd that a profit has accrued therefrom, and that tho apparent deficiency has arisen through sundrv companies and mining parties having stopped working, or through other causes having ceased using the watar as heretofore. Or Wilton said that ronort had been made in consequence of some misunderstanding on the part of one of the collectors as to how he should proceed under the new regulations, and the cliairman slated that the mistake bad been rectified. The report was then adopted. EKoncElB's BEroRT.—1. Dealt with the bush-fires recently raging on tho recerves. 2. Gave the <deplli of water in tho reservoirs, as follows: —Beale's, 6 feet G inches; rinco!t's,16 feet, weir basin full; Kirk's, 2S feet: Gong (jeng, 53-97 feet. The chairman stated that no more water could be drawn off Beale's, and Or Wilson proposed that the dam be netted with a view to the removal of some of the too at>nndant fish (here. Hie commissioners generally epoke of the waste of water in the town, and Ihoogh no objection was rai'ed to the use of watar property and fairlv severe condemnation was pwssed on action of "those who allowed a syphon or tap to continuously. Or Gray epoke of Mr Omamins, of the Killers' Arms, having been cautioned that if he allowed the people in Ms neighborhood to take the water from his tap ho would have the supply to his place cnt off. Cr Gray stated that he himself had seen numbers of poor people in the neighboihoed taking a small bucketful or can of water from the up, and he thought that, seeing that the commission ceuld not lay down pipes as they desired, it might allow the people the use of the water asthey conld get it. He thought that conld not bo considered a waste, and he deprecated the action taken in cauLioning Mr Onmmins. The chairman informed Or Gray that the commission had erected a etand-pipe in the neighborhood of the Millers' Arms,atd thepeople conld get water there at a merely nominal rate Cr Gray understood that the stand-pipe was at present inopnative; bnt the chairman Informed him that it had been rented to a person, and it would net be fair to thelesseo to allow the people to take iliB water from Mr Cummins' tap for nothing, and hence the reason whv be had been cautioned. Or Morrison further remarked that the stand- pipes were bnt little good to the commission, though certainly a convenience for a portion of the residents of certain localities; but * ditficnltv was found in getting responsible people to take charge of them, inferring again to the waste of water. Or Morrison stated that one of the c sion's officers had discovered a great ?aste place, where a garden was laid down with a network of pipes and hose, and, in spits tho drv weather, the place was like a quagmire. The officer when gcing there to get evidence against the occapier of the place was threatened and had to retire, but steps had since been taken to punish the offending party. Another case of gross waste had been discovered, and action would be tak against the offender. Or Scott stated that a case continued waste of water that he had several tin reported during the last three months was still in existence. The engineer's report was then adopted. vJr Ferguson apologisod icr the absence ol Cr Claxton, who was unable, on accc unt of severe illness, to attend. \- Chairman's Bepokt.— 1 The chairman, on his retirement, presented the following report on the principal matters of interest connected with his year of office: —I. Spoke of the preparation of a comprehensive schedule cf works to complete the scheme of water supply for the district, and stated that it had been decided to apply to the Government for a further loan of j£30.000 to carry out the same. The last matter was at present in abeyance, pending, he understood, the floating of a new loan. 2. It had been found impossible to meet the demand for new in.tnR to "supply water for domestic proposes, in consequence of want of fund6, and until the commission's finances had been adjusted, it was not likely they could be dealt with 3. The pressure had been increased all over the district through the con section of the old mains with the new, and no complaints of want of pressure had been received, except in re the Geelong road, where there was only a 3-inch main. 1. The matter of defective meters had given somo trouble during the year, and it had bean determined ihatnone^ould be nsedbnt those of an approved attorn. 5 During the season 3350 trees and3000acorns Ead been planted in the reserves, and & largo quantity o tanning wattle and blue-gum seeds. 6. Upwards of SCO young trees had been given to the Education Department for planting in the school reserves. 7. Want of funds had prevented the construction of filter beds at Leigh Greek- 8. Spoke of the disposal of old timber. 9. He trespassers on the reserveB. 10. Gave reasons for the reduction of the commission's etaff after the completion of the Gong Gong reservoir. II. Dealt with the resignation of Mr W. Thomson, and the alterations in the official staff. 13. Messrs Young and M'Guigan had sued the commissioners for damages laid at £37.560, and £5 costs; evidence wonld be taken in the case on the 28th instant. 13 The engineer had also been sued by the same parties for £40,000. 14. It was intended to erect a strong room at the office. 15. Dealt with analysis of the Gong Gong water. 16. He the contraot for 24 and 16 inch pipes, and recommended a prompt settlement of Mr H'liwan's account. 17. The buildings on the reserves had been insured for £600. 18, Oonceming the deviation road. 19. The 6bire rate. 20. Photographs had bean taken of the Gong Gong and distributed. 2L Beferred to the recovery of back rates, and the necessity of considering the question of allowing people in receipt of public charity exemption from water rates, and also of present system of supplying water to public institutions gratis, a system in some respects to the prejudice of tbe interests of (he commission. 22—24. Concerning the reduction in price of water to mining companies, manufacturers, and for motive power. 25\. Bevision of th9 regulations re visitors to, and fishing at, the reservoirs. 26. Caretakers had been instructed to take prompt steps against all parties found swimming dogs in the reservoirs. 27. Fires on the reserves 26. incision of portion of reserve for railway purposes. 29. Visit of Chief Secretary and Minister of Mines to reserves. 30. Bevonue for voir ending 1st December, 1878, was up to the average, bat would have been over that of some {Sit past had not one collector been put to other duties. 31- Be official visit to reserves. 32. ixpresEed chairman's approval of the manner in which the vanous officers of the commission had discharged their duties, and specially mentioned tile secretary and engineer, who have exhibited great ability and Z2il m preparing the elaborate material required for tliB approaching suit. The report was adopted. Th> standing orders were then suspended to admit a deputation. Oollectoe's Bepjet.—The collector's report Rave, lie receipts from all sources during the last fort- Eight at £114 18s Sd. The consumption of water by ^nS=™P«aMsdnriiigthe month of January™ 32,237,000 gallons, deceived. Deputation.—Mr A. D. Laing waited on the comxniSEion, on behhlf of himself and Sir Nicholson, to request that they might be supplied with water at the retinoid rate for manufacturers as they considered that milling should be classed in thB eamo list as founding and other such manufactories. During the last year he had paid £32 for wafer used in his establishment, and he understood that certain other firms Messrs Fry and Courtney, were supplied at a much lower rata, and he desired the same concession as they liaa. The committee then resumed, and on the motion of Or Leggo, the matter was referred to the works committee for report Gekeeal Bubikzss—Cr Wilson moved—" That the AcilirsitiatKm Society be allowed to net Scale's dam for one day," stating as bis reason that tlid dam was overstocked with fish, and it would be. an advantage to the society *cd the commission to hare tome of them removed *b he suggested. Or Hickman seconded the motion, which was carried. Tskdhbs.—The tender of O. EowBeU,for the supply of one- horse and two-hcr=e waggonettes, at 14s and 20s per day i espectivriy, was accepted. ; Oh airmailsUBTiEKiCENT.—Cr Morrison's rear office ijfeing concluded, he retired from the position of cliairman, and, in doing so, thanked the commissioners -for-the-courteous and-considerate treatment he had received at their hands during his term of office. Be thanked them collectively, and specially referred to Cr Josephs as one to whom Lb tras greatly indebted lor the assistance he bad rendered. Cr Morrison took the opportunity to thank the officers cf tbe commission for the very efficient manner "ia which tbey had negotiated their "very arduous duties Cr Leggo was then voted to the chair. Cr Bcott Chen moved that tbe best thanks of the commission be given to Cr Morrison for the excellent manner in 'wUch ~1ie had filled the chair daring "his official term Or Levis seconded and Or Josephs supported the •motion, irhich -xros carried unanimously. Cr Scott then^rcpoaod three commissioners as & cbmurittee to •decide on the recognition of ths ex- chairman's services. Or Morrison stated that -tbey knew bis opinion of such matters,' and he therefore raqu -cted the mover and seconder of the motion to withdraw it Or Scott, with all doe respect to the exchairman, declined to withdraw bis motion. Cr Wilson «ald that the committee wonld oertainly respect Cr Morrison's wishes fn the matter, bnt considering tho loss of time and money the commission's business had been to the ex-chairman, they would not be treating him fairly if they allowed the opportunity ol tecogxisiog his exertions to pass. The motion was then carried. Cr Lewis proposed that the commission go Into committee. Cr. fcobertson Ihen.consideringthe state of the commission's Affairs, thought a change in tbe government of the commission most inedvisable. at the present 3 (motors of affaire. 1 It was according to custom the right of the Town Council to nominate • -chairman, bnt in view of the abovemantioned matters, he proposed- u That Or Morrison be elected to fill Jheemlr far mother year./ - He proposed l»"i Sot ss the nominee! of the Town -Counml, -butt£mply that the .time of the chair man from the'-Ofty . ©ochflll might be extended. Qs Bum supported, the <XDolion,r Cr ficatt wonld support the motion if it was • understood that -Or Morrison was appointed by the Town Council, and the next year was left open to the City Council. Cr Robertson objected to this, he desired that the Town Council might simply leave fts• right until next yesr not take it cow. Or Phillips objected to Or Bobertaon speaking in the name of tbe Town Council on the matter. The question had never been discussed in the council chamber*. Or Torpie supported tbe motion. Cr Wilson thought that a new chairman could not be so well posted up in the law aCairs ef the commission as Cr Morrison, and he in tbe interest of tbe commission wonld promise that next year, were Cr Mormon elected this, the City Council would not obiect to the Town Council claiming tbe right to nominate a chairman. Crs Gray, Hickman, and Lewis followed with similar remarks. Cr Ferguson thought that there was no need to look over the the claims of the Eastern Council to appoint a chairman, whoa Cr JoEepbs was admittedly as conversant with tbe commission's affairs as ex- Ohairman Morrison. Cr Josephs supported Cr Robertson's motion, iu consideration of Cr Morrison being tbe nominee of the Town Council. The motion was then put, and carried unanimously. Cr Morrison resumed bis position as chairman; and the public works, finance,Iaw, 