[?] . Hamilton Water Stoplyj-t— ixhe, Hone. Longmore and Smith. wilLmrgiva by train this afternoon, and during the evening will be entertained atdimwr by thaioounoil, at the Commercial Hotel. TVwaorroir momT. ing they wiU inspeot tbe propono aite lor our water supply and, -it mencpected, , re turn by the mid-day tram to Melbourne. Daring their etay hey will be interviewed by deputations fronrColeraioe .and Peua- buret; with refsmnhlnto" railway matters and water supply .respentively. . The Hmm. T. BromeU and . W. ; R«is, u flaol&sa.; Sargeant .and Rildiaidiion, M/Pf.; bm-ao- Wpted invitstious tor the'dlnher. ' "" _ " Prices 'pf. Stock.— TRLe jirices ftrr all d-;.ns'A'asssar£:5,s si "WSt-f Although theyooat£7 7s6iBk montha ago. Ttet thte Week a 'obnitajirablo' change for the betthrlma aumikvedefl; /Mr. Whitehead, . of Oobdwpol -haiii-«m»t of, 6b the Etation "; btft the expenenM of Mr. . M'Lellau beats iKfe RoUow, for ws 4eam, thattbe- Monnt NapUrTSUodka- aoiaon Wednesday, at B»ll«rat, at £12 8. per head,, tbe cows fetching £8 2s. ThiaNmprovement. ia highly satisfactory, but busloeal ta in ao- uncerimti aeUte that (ap-Sa teolAnowmg wbetherthere inay not bu«bigA, fall next week as thete has been a riioXhU werk. Weathee' JPropheb' weke dl wrong; on Monday night whBU they iredioted Jttat! we wora aMnt K»ve -e hieaVy"faIl "(d'»aio,. ior It cotnmehoed and 'tsmlhktod' with" the elbiht ahdwrn allmio':moapTiiS4««ue:'iOn , ;tbe, brightly aa eyer, find «U fmafittfema of -rain ; hat? (Reappeared. Weteak'ihere |£te-bbbh h. fall "lir tto "Horiiham 'Bud -hfthe? Wttrioti :1mti it "trip' & hoped' khatbo Xar<Mf mtewm aud'Hoiiliamlaiofm- < 3Saa,h'4uSt bmb mn<ai£ffiat6A,u| fiord.'' 1 SncikBsdo j ' tchaviJa -ii./tnoi j .qomM'td 1 -;;PjMaENiEAiioN. -i- -After, the usual routine baaioeee of the Hibaroian Australian Catholic Benefit Sooiety bcl been oonolufied-i on Tuesday night, the offiura and member; wishfng to testify -to the impartial add dill- gent m inner in which Mr. Wm. H. Hriey hsd oohdaotad the business of the branch as ppeeident during the past .twelve monthk,; presented that gentleman with e very hand- some tea aod-eoffeejaerrioe accompanied with an address, . The aittolea, which were of v«y: elegant design, were supplied by Mesafef' Wilmn " and . Son, of Gray-atroet. Thn presentation being quite unexpected, " and in order to hava time to make a suitable reply, Mr. Haley Inyited the donors to hia reaiienoe, where be thanked thorn for their vary weloome gift, and appropriatriy replied to the address: ' Sovaml toasts were given end responded to, some capital aonga sung, and the company .tiieo. separated after having spent a few very pleasant hours. The New Shieb Engineer.— The members of the Duudaa Shire Council were sorely exercised yesterday, when the appoint ment of a new shire engineer vise Mr. M'Lean . resigned, oust on for discussion. The number of applicants (twelve) waa not- ao largo as many, had been led to anticipate It would be, but there was an immanse maaa of testimonials to be gone through. To do the oouooiliors jostioe, they did not fliuoh -from the work, hot patiently waded through the correspondence, a task that ooonpied timm 'for close npon two hours. Some of the applications were oorioos enough in all conaaienae, and in at least two inatenoes, ap- plioauta preaented testimonials received years ago from aspirants to tbe earns office, who oertainly could not at that time have feared they were giving rooommendations to fotnre opponents. Thn council, being duairona of eeouring the aervioes of a competent engineer uf, at any rate .not more than middle age, were at noma loaa, aa only one applicant en lightened them aa to hia years, and there fore they were, to eome extent, guided by the dates of works alleged to have been per formed, or officea held. Eventually, they openly voted for six ; this done, a vote waa taken for three ; and then, the ballot having been introduced, the ohoiae fell on Mr.'Percy Fitzgerald Bromfield. The testimonials pre sented by this gentleman were obiefly from the Shire of Mansfield. They were compa ratively few In number, bnt all went to -MbnrZbat Mr. Bromfield must be thoroughly competent. - Mr. Smith, we think, spoilt bia ohahoe by stating that, for the preaent/ at least, hekronldnDt be able to devote the whole of his time to the-aervica of the Council, and Mr. Surplice, well-known in oooneotion with' the Doling Doling water soheme, negleoted to ImanXinn whether ot ruit he waa a oertifioated engineer fifbder. ihei-AVt. fie polled re markably well; -aa -also did Mr. Greenlaw, whose testimonials "warn oertainly not aur- passed Jiy ..any sent in. The Breakage of the Telegraph. — Owing to the bush-fires .having destroyed portifMU ofvthe Western line 'of telegraph, thereby intercepting the oommnnication, we Jutt<«ame iqiportant, items of -news which "wonld otherwiae Rave appeared in our last iaaae- Tbe atiokiog-hp of the whole township of Jerilderie, and -ttae robbery of £2000 from thi njtnklt thit plkcehythe Kelly gang, ia a pieae of seneatibnel intelligence that we would not willingly have miased if it ooold have been snouted by.any eoterprieeorexpenditure on our part. Partioulara of that affair will he found in another column, and it appears that whilst the polioe thought they had the gang hemmed in in the Strailibogie Ranges, Eelly And hia mates.' were 120 miles away across the Murray, We are glad to find that the damage fcrthe telegiaphline is now repaired. NJJBhV)HSnra'— Scbe<inle8 filed »t fetMiiltoul— Hermann Carl Friedrioh Sohulzs, :oi ipiamiltim, billiard-marker and photo grapher. Ceusee of inadlvenoy-c Pressure of £160 8«; assets, £151 4s ; defimauoy, £9 4s. — Donald M'Lean, ofEillara, farmer. Cauaes "of iuaolvenoy : Failure of. crops, and loss of horaea. Lubilitisa, £801 lis 8id ; ,aaaStS, £431 ; deficieooy, £370 lit 8d. Mhetinga bf oreditora in ' both estates to be held before She Chief Clerk, at the' Conrt Honse; 'Hamilton, on Monday, 24th -Feb. Official Assignee, B. Gil ea.— Patrick M'Don- ald,". merchants Gtelong, trading aa P. -M'Donald and Co. Canaaa of iu solvency : Gontisued heavy loasae in "bnaineaa and stoppage of credit by the London Chartered Bank, of . Australia. Liabilities, £81,493 18s 7d ; assets, £67,470 12s Id j defi- cieuoy, £14,023 6s 6d.rrSeiaoob Silberberg, late of Maoarthur, but now of Carlton. Cannes of insolvency : Being oompelled in an equity suit to. refund £586 14s Id (the ba lance of £950 received from Gnstav Hofer), which he (tbe insolvent) alwaya oonaidered be waa wholly -entitled to; falling off in business, - partly oooasioned though having to attend the equity proceedings in Mel bourne, and heavy expenses. Liabilities, £2544 10s >7d ; nuete, £2008; deficiency, £536 10s 7<L Mr. Jeoomb, official assignee. M.TJ.LO.O.F. — It has been pnblicly announoed that thn Annnai Moveable Com mittee of the above-mentioned Friendly Society will hold its annnai sittings at Hamil ton on Tuesday, 11th March and followiog dayx The oocaaion is to be celebrated by a banquet and ball, and from what we can hear both will be well patronised. It ia no nn- oommnn thing now for a Hamiltoniao when abroad-to be told : "I shall be np your way in March from whioh it would appear there ia likely -to be more than the usual influx, hf viaitpt on the oocaaion. \- Hamilton Hurdle Back— Thn mis take in publiehiiig the aooeptanoe for the' Hamilton Hurdle Raoe some days before they were" due, weMF explanation.- Tbe ao- oeptahoea for the". Cop,' &d.;, were doe last week, and a number of .owners of horses in the chief evente also - bad hurdle-race ra isntsred.- To aave trouble they aocepted for -(bese'at the same time,- end ao many did eo that the aeoretaTy, unthinkingly, thought rtbe date of entry bad oome round, hence pnblioation of -the list lest week. It is not the first time snob a mistake has been ,mde.; . we dp not mean in Hamilton, but in other clubs. In the meantime, we bare been requested to state that acceptances for the Hurdle Race will be reoeivable up to Monday next, the 18th inak, which is also the night of general entry. _ Cricket.— On Saturday a match. will be plsyed en tbe Hamilton ground, between the Penahuret'and Hamilton Globe, when, aa the tesm representing the latter will oertainly not be e strong -one, the visitors ought to be able -ito 'bold their own. The Hamilton eleven will be composed ma - under, viz., Messrs. Bloomfield, Bctterill, Coldham, Howi- eon, "Lmldlsw. P. and S. Leaimontfa. 8. Mott, Rippoa, ;Taylpr, and Wall, and the match will enmmende at 2 p,m. aharp. Removal. — We have been requested to call attention ' to Maasra. Morgan, Adam-. wouV -and '1Ga.,e' advertisement by which it will be BeenMiat they have removed thelr lirodnoe ' boriness from. Flinders-lane Weat to 29, Little Collins-street Welt;'' where they have purohtged extensive premises. - r-WcbsBo ubke Election. — ISiereRre four candidates nbminated' for' the est ven- derod 0voaut"hy the. daoeaae of Mri John Thomas Smith, viz.; Mr. Robert Harper, Mr.' Alfred" Dbakin, Mr. T, "RlHealey, and Mr.; two of theae wrUretire, so aa to leave the oontesLbeferpfn.'MriiHaj'per, jwho aarries ConaervativB looloura, and -Mr. Deakln, who Jrpuiideratbod'to be tile nominee of tbe'-Ac" kud' Wf "the ' Weat Bourk. branoh of the Re- foripeague. " 3D» ady '-csae, Messrs. Healey and W. 'Gsunaon are -not likely to obtain many votro shonld they goto the "poll, find , >; tfc opponents Of the prowntiMiniatry. ititey will be most likely to Mirittlh' tite" triumph ol thdr prinmplea by iidMf :lMr. Htroer-rtHio waa first 1n the teSdiiaad; who; 1 aa'-been -getting .paanlmona votes of oonfideirae— to -tight the matter on %riffoftbepOrtyi ;..'J <> ; ., commence on Thursday and last ovt-r Friday. Really gooa Bpqitis ahtioipited, andhad the cum-- rtmtttewncoeeded in getting a .spemal train, - probablythere would have been a large at- tendaiHafroin ffamilton: -Udder the present anangementt it.yroqld nepeaaltate a loaa of -foui jedaya 'to 'patronise the races. ..With kespaqf t the chief event, Z«mberi-ie fawned, - iuVJibodld that hone :pot pnt. :in 'an ap- pearaDce. there ia x mare oallad.Nonna. .that j >vriti,'4B<wll:&alibood;, heooms the pet of the be'ting public. -- i . ki.iA.icSa»j CAMtrK: Haiyow corres-- pbhOetif writes s— - Mr. William Hustwavte, , 'jftil:kmwn jcontraotor, 'died .«f2awuuy, at bia -teodeooe, Lig Swtenp, .pear E lenbope:' after a riiort dllueas; : The SytpdMiniaiterihilifiv VettlrB-a-litihtrabtar in ifarkiAAritwriiy dad goodeature. . TiraideMh kdqad<te3e iist ioae- wa 'before oubtleaa .TialssMe #S(F.S.d.fif .'i 1 the eldest . being only fifteen years old, for whom mueh eoimniaerattoe ia fdt throughdnt tbe whole fliatriak The deoesaeddied Jntes- titefhud-it ts feared -tite orpbaba Are but poorly provided, fori 1 ..The Kelly Scare. — The Sydney pBenwig jlana writes : — " The, Kellya have murdbred three or four poliqemenhby'opea- violence,.and. if tbey oontione at liberty much longerj'they will be responsible for the death of a number of harmless people by the fitil ihfluenOe of feir. We wonld nut insinnatyj that any of the Viotoriao polioaman will give np the ghost through this cause, but, It is quite possible that some of the bank mana gers "will/ A oaas occurred recently at one of the oonntry braoohes of thn Bank of Via- tcria. wiuah illaattates the extreme danger of the present condition of affairs. 'A. middle < eged gentleman, of timid diapoaitidn, been cent op ifrom Melbouroe to teAe charge of the branoh, and ho" waa fnlly resolved, Jm defend hia charge with every drop, of blood labia body. He was -a . pendent man; nkfl known .something "of mili>ary taotloe as a volnn'teer, and therefore he made hia disposi tions csntionsly.ClFirmly oonvinoed that the Kellya wonld eome, he sat In the ' l>nk with two revolvers in hia belt, and one full cooked in his,. hand. Hia assistant was also armed with revolvers, and a .policemen patrolled the plaoe oontinually. As an additional met eors of preoantion, a pieoe of twine was passed round the arms of the manager and, the derk, that they might communicate .in stantaneously and silently. The Saturday after the bank waa (dosed a lond rmp was beard at tbe door. The twine waa twitohed, and the 1 manager made sure the boar wee oame. Hu made the policeman cover the door with-fais rifle. The olerk stood on the counter with two revolver! pointed to the door, and the manager with revolver in one hand, opened the door an inoh and a half with the other. 'Who's there?' he asked, in a lond voioe, bat not without a quiver of emo tion. Instead of the reply of Ned Kelly aod hia comrades, a shrill Bqueaky voice repueu, ' Missus aaya the dinner ia ready.' Sqoh shocks wonld soon undermine even a etroog constitution, and we learn with aatisfaation that the worthy manager haa beau removed to the safer products of the bank in Mel bourne." The Abduction of Charley Boss. — It wonld appear there ia some reason to believe that the obild Charley Rosa, whose abduction in New York in 1874 caused so great a sensation, has bees brought on to Australia. Hia friends have therefore placed the matter in the bands of Mr. T. W. Lloyd, of 56 Little Colfins-atreet East, pqbliaher of The Nat oj Kin Qazette, and that gentle man baa forwarded da a photographio portrait of the missing one. - This picture, "whioh ia forwarded gratia to .any person wishing "to as sist in the search, represents a fine handsome child of four. years" of- age,- although -it is to be feared the poor' lad will never be identi fied by its means, aa he moat have strangely altered— one Can only truat for the beat. : - Birds of Good Omen. — The tWoe Berald. relates'tbat on Monday evening just before Mr. VenibaU'e funeral was pissing through' Mar- ray-street the efcy became overcast with -clouds of vmriona hue presenting a wild and sombre appear ance, -ahd glving every Indication of a 'oomtng thunderstorm. The rumbling of distant thunder brought many householders out of doors to welcome the promised change in the weather, and as they watched the lowering masses of floating elucds. a beautiful flock of strange birds numbering about one hundred were sees floating over the township. For some moments they remained passive and ebortly after they mailed awsy across Lake Colac. The birds were the rara nets known as She this, tbe Species ol" bird held sacred oy the ancient Egyp1ha. If we were like the people of old and looked upon omena as prognostications ofluture events weiwuuld have considered the visitation of tbe I bis yesterday aa a lucky omen, as they were the acant couriers of a copious downpour ot sain, for short ly alterwards we were visited by clouds of dust, and .then with torrents of rain. During Monday night refreshing showers fell, which must have had a most desirable effect in quenching the fires which were on Mon day at midday blaring with renewed vigor. 