BUSH-FIRES AND SWAGMEN. TO THE EDITOR OF THE CHRONCLE. Sir, —I notice iv your last issue a letter from Mr. Shaw, in which, he ex presses liis firm oelief that the recent bush fire, which was so disastrous to the pro perties of Messrs. Eeid and M'Arthur, was not the work of swagmen, on whom suspicion seems to have falleu. He then goes on to defend the character of swagmen in general. His principal point in their favor is, that although there are so many vow travelling over the country, we have had very few iires. New, I confess that there is no proof that any of these men caused the fire iv question, but I maintain that their characters are by no means such as to place them above suspicion. !Xo one that ha 3 had anything to do with them will deny but that they are one of the worst types of the loafer class. Their method of gaining a livlihood is well known. With the exception, per haps, of doing a little work for a few weeks at shearing iime. their sole occupa tion consists in walking from station to station. Arriving at about sunset, they apply to the manager for permission to be lodged for the night. Should he happen to ask them how far they have come that day, they immediately try to make him believe that they have travelled an awful day's journey, whereas, iv reality, they have only come from the next station two or three miles away, and have been lying under a tree all day, in some out of the way paddock, un ll it becomes late enough to present them selves. Should they obtain the desirei! permission it is all right. They are decent loafing members of society, except that during the.r sojourn for the n g.t they may happeu to do a little piiienn^, but nothing on a large scale. Should the manager detect, them in their lies, and, therefore, with just indigdation, refuse their request to stop for the night, he will vtry often be treated to a muttered threat; something to the efiect '* that the grass is pretty dry, and matches are cheap." The fact is these men hold a kind of terrorism over squatters by expressing, and no doubt sometimes carrying out these threats. The custom of allowing them the means of living iv thi3 idle manner is certainly encouraging a system of mendicancy of the worst kind. There is no class of men deserving of greater contempt, it would be almost impossible to surpass them in laziness, untruthful-' ness, and iusok-nce. In fact the possession of these attributes is necessary to the success of their rather shady method of gaining a living. By swagmen of course i mean the genuine so-called "suu dowuer," not the honest man who may sometimes travel with a swag on his back for the legitimate purpose of seeking for work. It is not very difficult in time to know the difference. The man I refer to is soon well known on the station, for erery two or three months he presents himself, and without the slightest com punction begs or rather impliedly demands his board. The reason this district has been so free from fires is obviously because on most of the stations these swagmen are so well fed that they have no cause to display their vindictiveness. Anyone who has had any experience of them will know that my description is by no means exaggerated, and this being the case I do not think, as Mr Shaw does, that they are entitled to an apology for statements such as these. I think Sir Shaw makes a mistake in playing the part of "Suu powners' Champion " for although in this instance, perhaps, there "is no reason to suspect them, still their characters are not such as to stand exposure. Bowever, I advise all gentlemen of the sundown pro fession to make for Mi Shaw's station where they will doubtless meet with a cordial reception.—Tgurs truly, March 12,1870. J, 