* NOTES AND E'VES hSS. In December last an entertainment was given iri aid of the local Cricket Club. We then stated, and our opinions have not since changed, that we considered suchl institu tions as cricket clubs should be self-support ing, and not have on any occasion to appeal to the public for assistance. Our opinions, it is needless to say, met with the hearty approval of the public, and the generally expressed opinion was, that clubs formed by young men in respectable positions should be self-supportina or not exist. Neverthe less, we have heard that .it is the intention of a section of the residents to give another entertainment in aid of the Cricket Club on the night of the 28th inst. Before that is done we think it would be necessary for those who were instrumental in carrying out the last performance to make the public aware of how the proceeds were disposed of. The Histrionic Club have repeatedly been taken to task for their laches in that respect, but they never allowed a longer period than two or three weeks to elapse at the farthest, between the time of their performances and the publishing of an account of receipts and expenditure. We have heard that the secretary of the Cricket Club entertrinment committee a fortnight ago handed over a sum of £8, the balance of the proceeds of the December performance. - On that occa sion there was at least £25 worth of tickets sold, and a balance of £7 handed over points out unmistakably that even if the entertain meht had been given for the most deserving object in the world the public would be merely throwing their money away when such a large amount as £17 would be swal lowed up in expenses. The extent of the expenses, we suppose, was the reason no balance sheet has ever been published. However, we believe that the Histrionic Club intend giving an entertainment.in aid of the Library in about two weeks time. The Library is deserving of support as it is a public benefit, and we therefore trust that the public iwill expend their spare cash in patronising the Histrionic Club entertain ment, and forget altogether that an enter tainnent is going to be given in aid of a club that is neither use nor ornament to Colac, but' on the contrary, lowering to the prestile of our town, as the local wielders of the willow are invariably beaten whenever they have the temerity to try conclusions with any club, even from the remotest vil lage in the district. The programme of the Regatta which is to take place on Lake Colac on Saturday, the 29th March, has been forwardad to us by the secretary. It comprises some seven events, and the total amount to be given in prizes amounts to £131, which must le considered a remarkably good one. .It is as follows :-1. First class Yacht Race, prize £20; 2. Maiden Sculling Race, prize £8; 3. Maiden Four-oared Race, in gigs, prize £18 ; 4. Second class Yacht Race, prize £15 ; 5. The Colac SCup, Eight-oared Race, in clinker ontrig gers, cup, the gift of Mr. Win. Robertson, with trophy added, value (in all) £40 ; 6. Junior Four-oared Racs, in best boats, £30 ; 7\. Local. Amateurs' Race, four-oared, in gigs, prize £10. . A vigorous canvas for Ssubscriptions is being made by some mcm bers of the committee, who we arc glad to say are meeting with great success, and lanticipate not the slightest difficulty in 3 raising a large sum, which together with the r admission money and entrance fees. &c.;, ought to make the task of carrying out the days sport anything but arduous. The rules of the Victorian Rowing Association I have been adopted as far practicable. Ar rangements have been made for a special train from Melbourne and the intermediate stations at excursion fares. The train will leave Colac anain the same evening at seven So'clock, but persons wishing to remain until I Monday can do so without additional ex pense. The programme with the date for Sreceiving entries, &c.;, will be published, in 1ac course. Intimation has been received to the effect P that the request by petition to the Minister Sof Justice to have fresh inquests in refereiice Sto the origin of the disastrous and fatal fires which occurred on tho 6th ult. has been granited. The date has not.yet been fixed Sfor the holding of the enquiries, but we be. 1 lieve we will be able to give full particulars in our next issue. Although the Railway Departmerit has decided to discontinue the morning train to, and the afternoon train from, Colac, little Sinconvenience will be felt by the public, for 3 Cobb and Co. have already filled the breach t by putting two of their fine four-horse busses between the above named places. By an ad vertisement in another column we learn that Stheir bus will leave Colac daily at 2 p.m., reaching Geelong in: time to catch the last Strains to Melbourne and Ballarat. Another Sbus will leave Geelong daily at 9 a.m., on the arrival of the first trains from Melbourne Sand Ballarat, arriving in Colac at 2.30 p.m. 1 By these coaches mails will be received and I despatched as usual. Letters for Geelong, SMelbourne, &c.;, that went by the afternoon train, will be despatched by the afternoon Scoach, and may be Loated up till 1.45 p.m. t Letters posted at this hour will be delivered t in Melbourne by the first post. By the coach which arrives from Geelong at 2.30 p.m., the usual post will be received, and business letters will only bddelivered by the Sletter parriere, other letters wvill hay tq hb e called for. f There is an old Highland proverb which e says, " You don't know what sort of sword is in the scabbard until it be drawn," the force of which was thoroughly displayed by a follower of Esculapius who resessie in 0 Murraystreet one day last week. Te kn ight of the pestal and mortar would not on first f sight be considerel a brave man. Accord ing tp physiology he is physically weak, 3 lackingdecessaryihirsuteappendages, &c.;, but t how deceitful are appearalces. Greatness of soul cannot be measured by muscular development. When the hero of the pill box heard that the Kellys were in the dis 0 trict he immediately got ready his revolver, Sand conidentially informed a neighbor that 1 if the desperadoes visited this'tpwn, he would ihave ale slot at them, anld was satis, tied that at least oie of the gag would ca orry away a ':litter pill" as a ImemeLnto of his visit to Colho, . What a pity it is that . we have not men in the police force of the stamp of the brave chemist who has evi dently mistaken his vocation, and who e wold- unldosbtedly iml?ortalisa himself if e he were in Captain'Standish's shoes, instead e of being isolated in a drug shop in aminland town. A mqodest request was made to tlhe Minis ter of Lands on Thursday last, by Mr. C. M. Farrington, the poprietor of the Colac e Rabbit Preserving Company, who generously ae offered to erect an establishmsent in the dise, trieb of Corack, if the Government 'would give him a halfpenny bonus on every skin ' he preperved. The Minister promised to d consult his colleagues in the matter, but we s coqsider thht .after mature deliberation, lIr. o Longmore will come to tlhe conclusion that he.would not be justified in doing any such thing. The object of the Rabbit Extermivna Stionaill was to benefit poor selcorlts \Wfo s find themlselves unable to cope with tlhe Q nuisance, and Mr. Farrington's establish Snmeat erected on the conditions that lie re ceives a bonus of a halfpenny on each skin t would merely benefit tile holders of thou t sands of acres who are in a position to ens: o ploy men. to successiully exterminate tlhe rabbit pest. It iq a wonder to us that Mr. l FParrington wliose .instincts are ultra-con Y serrative, should "'stoop to coquaer," snd we ant a speculation of his to be subsidised by a liberal governmeunt. The "hangers-on" of the Conservative partyseem to he altogether swanting in sclf-reliauce, They arc not coen e tent with having subsidised journals, sub , sidisted lecturers, and subsidised mud throwers, but they must needs go so far as to want the Government that they have at tempted to in every possible way abuse and ridicule to lend them a helping land to further their individual interests; There is a Scotch proverb which says, "Let every herring .ang by its ain tail," which we think has special reference to Mr. Farring ton's request to Mr. Longimore. Mr. Far rington is well-known to have no philan trophic motives that expandh beyond self, and the Minister of Lands as we said before, will let his request go for what it is worth and that is little. " No man is wise at all times," is a time honored aphorism. of indisputable truth. 3Who has not felt the significance of it in his career through life? We venture to say that such a personage would be as mythical as ."The Wandering Jew," to which our readers will agree when they read the con text of this paragraph. Everybody is aware -we mean every inhabitant of Colac-that " our President" was appointed to form one of a deputation to wait on the Miinister of Public Works, relative to the proposed new Woady Yaloak bridge. WVith commendable alacrity the gentleman named visited Mel bourne at the appointed time, whore he met a fellow president of a neighboring shire. Both gentlemen, actuated by a desire to for ward the interests of their respective shires and expeditiously perform their business, went immediately to the Public Works De partment, determined to convince Mr. Pat terson of the righteousness of their mission, but alas ! after having arrived there the Minister was absent. Not to be outdone, however, they unfolded their tale to the secretary,. who received them courteously and promised that he would correctly and lucidly lay the matter before his chief, and the claims of the represented shires would receive due consideration. Hosiever, after leaving the.Department, it dawned upon the minds of the two deputationists that their mission would not be properly fulfilled, unless they obtained an audience from " the fountain-head," and they, there and then, firmly resolved to -hunt ip the Minister. They visited the post office and were informed' that the Minister had just left. A cab ias chartered and in hot pursuit of the Bohemian went the two presidents. They were directed from one place to another until at last they found themselves at an office occupied by a firm of auctioneers trading under the title of Pat terson and -- Here they were informed that Mr. "Patterson" had just gone to con duct a sale in and obscure part of Mel bourne. Hither drove the indefatigable presidents and were overjoyed ishen they saw Mr. "Patterson" pointed out.to them selling nick- nacks,'aind thought that their energy and perseverance had .been attended by success. After Mr. "Patterson" had knocked down the last article in the list of those to be disposed of, up stepped "our President" and handed him a pencilled memo. which staated "Two presidents of two shires have been waiting to see you on important business for the last twenty-four hours; can you see us now ?" A beautiful smile illumined the face of the auctioneer, but he was equal to the occasion, and said, " Will not some other timedo ?" "Oh no," said "our Eresident," "we would prefer to see you at once, and will not detain you five minutes." That appeal was irresistible, and " Mr. Patterson" and the two deputationists wended their way to the nearest pil) the latter two unfolding an unvarnished tale il the meantisle. After the supposed Mr. Patterson had heard the tale of the deputa tionists, he said with pardonable nochalance, " Very good, gentlemen, you may go back to your shires and inform your councils that I will do everything I can with regard to your request, and if I find it reasonable, you may rest assured that it will he granted." True humorist that he was he would also in sist on paying the cab fare backto Melbourne, and the two presidents returned to their shires satisfied that they had done a great. deal 'to advance public interests by in domitably persisting until they had found the Minister of Public Works, when in reality they had waited on a gentleman con nected with an auctioneering firm who "fooled" them. What will our readers think of "our President" now? What will they" say When they read the above? Why, be charitable of'course, and say with us that " No man is wise at all times." The bank of the Lake near the residence of the Rev. M. Nelaihis made a favorite place for promenading on moonlight nights, as a view of the sparkling waters of the lake reflecting the moon's rays with the Warrions in the back ground, is as delightful a scene as it would be possible to imagine; but those who visit the place after sunset had better be careful on account of some reck less persons being in the habit of indiscrimi nately using firearms in shooting rabbits which abound in the vicinity. A gentle man informs us that while taking a stroll a few evenings ago, a gun was fired off right right in front of him not three yards distant. Had a lady been present the shook she would have experieoped, not speak of any thing moqre dangerous, might have been serious, and ad the place we have described is within the precincts of the-town, we hope the police will take steps in the matter, and put a stop to the'shooting in future, It is with pleasure we announce that the residents of the district are becominig aware of thp aquatic advantages of our lake, and are determined to obtain boats for placing thereon. We notice by the Adver'iser. that Mr. Win. Robertson is-having a large boat built by Mr. Clement Blunt, of Geelong. The boat is S2ft. 8in. long, with a beam of 7ft. 6in., and is capable of earrying 20 pas sengers. The boat is built of red gum, Kauri pine, and blackwood, is fitted with a lug and stay sails, and has cost £CS 10s. She will be 14pd as a pleasure boat, The number of persons that now visit the Garden on Sundays is very large. The well kept state of the reserve no dioubt attracts many who never visited the Gardens before. After walking about for some time antl hav ing seen everything worthy of admiration, visitors naturally like to rest and enjoy the bracing effects o£ breezes wafted from the north, whsile seated under some unmbrageous tree or shrub, but unfortunately an insufli ciency of seat 'acco~Smodatioi misies restiug se-mt td impassibility, and we would suggest to the Gardens Committee the desirability of obtaining some seats, if possible, before the day of the regatta, so that visitors may seec we are not behind other places in providing necessary requisites in our places Of recrea tionu. We wish to draw the attention of our readers to a letter from:the Hon. Secretary of the Free Library, which appears in another [colimni pointing out the present undesirable financial condition of the institu tion. Subscriptions are earnestly solicited, and we hope a generous -response will he given, because if the Libraly were clos~d the loss to the general public could, not be es timated. We hope that the proposed en tertainment in aid of the institution by the Histrionic Club to which we have referred to iianuother column will be well patronised, that an addition may be made to the Library funds as soon as possible, and that the cominiitteo of the Library will do everything in their power to further the success of the entertainment, and nut do as s.former com nmittee did wihen the Histrionic Club played . for the institution, everythilig they could to I throw cold water and render the commend able efforts of the members o th? bclub futile. Several ohildren.in tlio town have been recently suffering from an affection of the eyes, which is supposed to be a kind pf blight. As the epidemic is very painful and contagious, .teachers of schools should be very strick. i detecting it, and auy' children affected by it should lie requested' to absent themselves 'rQfi shoool until' re coavred, to proveidt in every way the spread of whlatsmight be the cause of much suffer ing aid inconvenience. A meeting of thi Hospital oommnuittee is anuounce4 to bo held to-day, immediately after the sitting of the Counonil. Tuhe principal business is to receive tenders for the building, vwhih' Mr. Hamilton, the arohiteoot estimates can be done for the al. I lotted sum, £100I . *Some'routine buLsiucest will also be tramauted. I The Marquis of Normanby, the now Go vernor of Victoria, arrived in Hobson's Bay on Thursday,. (says the Age) and having dis embarked from the Ringarooma at Queens. cliff came to Sandridge in the Victoria in company with several members of the Ministry. Lady Normanby completed the voyage in the Ringarooma, and landed some time before the Marquis. His Excellendy arrived at Government House shortly after eight o'clock in the evening. The ceremony of reading his commission and swearing him in.was performed in the grand hall in the presence of a large number of gentlemen. His Excelleney's present commission ap points him merely Acting Administrator of the Government in the death, absence or incapacity of Sir George Bowen, and is verified by thesign manual and signet, dated 19th December, 1878. It is therefore an acting commission. The full commission - under the great seal is expected to arrive by the incoming mail. A Goemmrmeit Gazette Extraordinary was issued last evenisg, containing a proclamation in which, after reciting his various titles, his Ex cellency says :-" Now I, the Administrator of the Government of the colony of Victoria aforesaid, do hereby proclaim and declare that I have this day taken the prescribed oaths, at the Government House, Melbourner before his honor Sir William Fostee Stawell, Knight, the ,Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the said colony, and-that I have assumed the said office of Adminis trator of the Government of the colony of Victoria under and by virtue of her Ma jesty's said commission." The lubra of an aborignal named Jim Crow, one of the Colac blacks, was taken to the Hospital on Friday evening, suffering from consumption. Crow and his children, who accompanied the sick lubra, were pro vided (says the Advertiser) with food and shelter, for the night by the Mayor of the town. The Hon. John Woods, Commissioner of Railways, will pass through Colae to-night, on a tour through Camperdown, Elleralie;, and Branxholme, as far as Apsley, for the purpose of inspecting some proposed lines of railway contained in the Railway Construce tion Bill. Mr. James Mirams,. -M.P., has written a very'able letter, which appears in -another column, advocating that a National Bank of Issue be established in Victoria. The arga ments adduced by Mr. Mirams in the sup. port of his theory are cogent and powerful, and in unison with those used by us in our leading'colunuis a short time ago in advocacy of the same object. Mr. Miramus's lqtter will amply repay perusal. A poor decrepit man named John Donovan who has been wandering about the township for the last week begging assistance, was ar rested on Saturday evening on the Common by Mounted-constable Sainsbury, on a charge of vagrancy. This was certainly the best thing that could have happened him, for he. was in a frightful filthy state, and appeared to be slightly out of his mind, for he was con. stantly talking about his connection with. royality. He was brought up yesterday at the Court before Mr. Edmund Cooper, and. sentenced to three months imprisonment in the Geelong gaol. A man. name unknown, was arrested by lounted-coustable Gibson last night for using obscene language and attempting to create a disturbance in Murray street, while in a state of intoxication. He was lodged in the look-up, and will be called upon this morning to answer for his mis deeds. The request of tle residents of Elliminyt. to have a daily mail communication estab lished between that place and Colas has. been assented to, and a Post office has ac cordingly been opeied at the Elliminyt State School. Mr. William Baker's tender for cairying the mail has been accepted. - A memo. from the local post officeh so quests us to mention that, inless otbhrwise instructed, all letters, &c.;, for residents on the Common will be forwarded to the new post-office at Elliminyt. Mr. Camm has been appointed post-master by the Depart ment. A committee meeting of the Shire Council will be leld to- day for the purpose of re ceiving tenders for various public workl. The committee consists of the President and Coucillors, Robertaon, Johnstone, and? Thomas. A meeting of the Committee of the Free Library was to have been held on Friday evening last, but owing to the non-attendance of the secretary it had to be postponed for a weeek. Tie only members present were Messrs. Dredge, Hancock, and H. Wilsen. The annual meeting of the members of the- Polwarth and South Grenville Agricultural Society will be held at Kinane's Victoria. Hotel on Thursday next at noon. We are glad to see that some of the landed- proprietors in -the Western district are following the good example set by the Hon. - . J. Clarke in cutting up their estates, into moderate sized holdings, and letting to the public for cultivation and for what other use they might deem the land more suited. By Friday's Chronicle we earn that the Messrs. C. and A. K. Finlav intend breaking up a portion of the Lanra estate, recently purchased by them from the late Mr. Manifold. The land -will be let i areas raoging from five up to 100 acres.. A very extensive bush-fire (says the Gee.. long Advertiser) was raging in the Mode-. warro district on Wednesday. The grass paddocks of Messrs. Fetrar, Boileau, Welbs.: M'Rae, M'E.vett, Lewis, and Leighton were: swept over by the flames. A hut on Mr. Lewis' property was burnt, and a haystack belonging to Mr. Drinkwater was conenumed The fire extended as far as "Dickie's?? ook out," and was extinguished on Thursday when it reached the property of Mr. Plant, near Mr. Hopkins' station. The lambing paddocks and the fences belonging to Bar won Park, the. prosprty of .the Messrs. Austin, were also burnt by the bush-fire. Tha close season for:hares expired one day last week. As this species of the -rodentia getnU is now very numerous in this district, sportsmen will be pleased to know that for a time there will be no bat to the exciting and interesting sport of coursing. As our supply of fish conies from Geelong our readers had better take notice of the fol lowing serious case of fish paisoning which occurred (says the Geelong Advertiser) on Friday afternoon. A young gentleman who resides in Malop-streo, ale a couple of small silver lish, and within half-an-hour after wards he was sized with giddiness, felt a choking sensation in his throat, and his face beameu swollen to an unusudl size. The gentleman, directly he felt the unpleasant sensations in the head, ran to a water-tap and truzatd the water on to the back of his neit.and whilst doing this"he fainted. He was at once removed to his bed, and Drs. Reid and Day sent for. Emeties were freely used, ams the poisonous symptous ralidly subsided. It may be stated that the gysh eaten had been covered with butter sauce. Several other persons who partook of similar kind of fish soaked in vinegar, and served lat the same table, were no way af fected. According to tie IVimmera Star, t7ie: price of wheat in Horsham ranges from. Ps. id, to 3s. Gfd. per bushel, with eormous: supplies coming forward. A few truck loads of wheat have been despatched daily from the railway station, bet, of course, the qu"tity 'sent away ia a mere trifle com pared to the large stacks of grain awaiting transtission. On Thursday, however, a good numbor of trucks were available for grain, all of which was loaded and sent a\lay.by the mid.day train on Friday. We learn that tho authorities have made ar rangements for supplying as many truckas.a can hbe. loaded nnder the present cireum Ittanccs;, anl 'consequently we may soon expect a diminution in the quantity of grain iaccumulated in Horsham and at other rail way stations in the district. A telegram in last night''s Berald states that a well-known iRoman Catholic priest in Sydney is calling a meeting of his creditors. His liabilities arestatad to be almost £40,000 . 'is principat t4:seautiona have'been in liuoel, - * 1With regard to the statement of a Now Zealand paper that Miss Carmichael, the yoting lady who was rescued from the wreck of the Loch Ard, had became insane, the adestlemaine Representative writes :-"Wo arec happy' to be able to say that Miss Car michaelse'?nly symlptomn of insanity is that she intends very shortly to be moarried. Of course thlii may be regarded as an indication of a severe attack of lunacy; but unfortu nately this phase of' this complaint is so common that it is hardly regarded with the serious .conmmiseration to wlhich the pa tient is entitled. Mrs. Hugh Gibson, of the Gleonample Station, who entertained Miss Carmichael after her wonderful rescue, received a long letter from the young lady by last mail, in which she tells of her pro jected marriage to Captain Boulton Jones, whose portrait she encloses. The happy man is very handsome, and the bride ex pectant writes as cheerfully and sanely as could.be expected under the circumstances. " The diamond drill (says the Sandhurst correspondent of the Argus) is still at a standstill, so far as boring operations are coniccrned. The diamonds which dropped from the bit are still at the bottom of the bore, and it was found on Wednesday morn in;g that the hole for a considerable depth from the bottom had become silted up by .sand falling from tile sides of the bore ; 20 feet of this silt still remains at the bottom of the bore. A rumor has gained curencv that the notorious gold robber, Martin. Wiberg, was in the vicinity of Drouin, having paid a sur veyor's camp down south a visit a few days ago. The story, says the Gippsland Inde "pendent, was so well related that so0me cre dence was placed upon it, so much so that Constable Meagher and Commons imniedi ately started in pursuit of the ontwitter of the detectives. It tarned out perfectly true that Martin Wiberg was in the locality, and had'isited the surveyor's camp, but it was not the gold'robber. The Martin Wibeig is, strange to say, a selector near Poowoug, who has ha' 'many. visits driring the last few months froma different oflicers in the police and detdctive forces. The followinig telegram from Brisbane ap peared in Friday evening's Herald : " Twenty-five of the most experienced of the Queensland native police have been engaged by the New South Wales Government, and, under long service officers, they are proceed. ing by steamer to Sydney, en rotte to the southern districts of New South Wales, where they are to be engaged in the capture of the Kellys. They comprise the most ex parienced bushmen in the force, and it is understood that they are to act indepen dently of the ordinary police force of New South Wales. It is also believed that the Victorian Government are making a sitilar engagement." The Mining department (says the Age) is at present engaged in preparing the usual annual report respecting the working of mines throughout the colony of Victoria. From a return to hand it appears that the number of mining accidents have decreased from year to year ever since the Mines Re gulation Statute has been in operation. The first year in which a report was compiled was 1874, when there were 46,012 mincrs employed throughout the Victorian gold fields. During those twelve. months 298 accidents occurred, in consequence of which 90 persons were killed and 245 injured, or a total number of 325 casualties. The return slhows that last year, there being 37,212 miners employed, there were only 121 acci dents, by means of which 40 persons were killed and 106 injured, or a total of 146 casualties. Speaking of the departure of Sir George F. Bowen from Victoria, the Sydney iMorning Herald states :-" Neither in Vic toria nor elsewhere has Sir George Bowen shown any lack of ability to grapple with the knottiest of public questions, nor indeed has he ever shown any lack of interest in the welfare of the colonies over whose affairs he has presided. It must also be confessed that if Sir George Bowen has not always followed a conciliatory policy in regard to a certain section of a Victorian society, there are people belonging to this section who have not always followed this policy in regard to him. One of the valuers for Thames County,. New .Zealand, under the Land Tax Act 1878, has had one form returned to him en. dorsed as follows :-"Being a Christian pure and simple, and a pilgrim on earth waiting for my Lord from heaven and for the city of my Lord-new Jerusalem, I sold rio property, landed or otherwise, on ea? th. I am simply a lodger in the honse I reside in, ond must refer you to ' who is the oN'ner thereof.' : The b'clihelors of Australia (writes "Atti cus" in th.; Leader) find favor in the eyes of the daughte?B 'of her governors. Viscount Canterbury a.'d Sir Hercules Robinson have fouud sons-in-laiw at the antipodes, and the marriage of Sir G. F. Bowen's eldest dinpghter with the son of a Melbourip squat tcr is on the tapis.' The engagement was sanctioned the eveninsg before the lady took her departure for Mauritius, whither, no doubt she will be soon followed by her suitor. The following peculiar advertisement ap pears in the.Ararar Advertiser:-Ladies of Victoria to the Rescue. Wanted-Ten fas cinating, strocg- minded pretty women of Victoria, to form themselves into a band to capttire the Kelljy Gang! I They will be supplied with the choicest scents, cigarettes, a few poker and euchre decks, and all other police necessaries. Testimonials as to caps city will be received on or before let March, by R. Troy Knight, Bull and Mouth Hotel, f?orsham. N.B.--Toy revolvers strictly prohibited ! :The bank manager at Terang, was a day or two age practising with a revolver, so that he might be able to pepper the Kellys it they appeared at his bank.. His first shot "(says the Mounet Alexaznder dMail) nekrly Ikilled a little boy, and passing into the next street setrnck a wash-stand at which a young man was cleansing his hands. Ho gave up practice. 'The following tenders are announced as be'g. the lowest for a railway passenger staten at Geelong :--For brick, with white facing, cMessrs. Newton and Borland, £8758 14s. 'hi.; brick, with freestone dressing, Mr. The eas Corley, £9491 3e. Fifteen ten ders wee o reeived, 'Mr. Wal 0' r Swan, of Stawell, Victoria, is the successt~id competitor for the prize of £100 offered b y theoydney Mail for the best tale by a coloni".1 author, There were about '70 eompetitors. 0The license of MIaria Inglis, for three ac~es, in the parish of Elliminyt, has been abandoned. * The following appl:ications for licenses under section 47 have been approved:- e sharisb of Elliminyt-JaA.es I'Grath, Mary M'GRatho, Mary Jane M'Gratls, Thomas Bailey, Arthur S. Lucas, and Peter Neylon, 3 acres each. The appl'cation for transfer of license of three acres of land in the pariso of HEliminyt, and held under the 47th section, of targsaret Quigley to John Maloney, bas been approved. Thie date for holding the next Colae County Cour? has been fixed .for Tuesday 29th April. ( Mr. Willia? Ganunson, not having another i0 to lose, has retired from the Footscray ' election. 