IK another column will be fooDtJ a letter from Mr JAMES CAMPBELL on the West Bonrke election; and as it contains a number of remarks that mnBt be dealt with more folly than can be done in a foot-note, we select this part of The Courier to deal with the subject. Mr CAMPBELL commences by accusing us of whitewashing the Ministry orer the Newham difficulty, thereby insinuating that a wrqDg had been done which needed cloaking; and he adds that not one fair and sensible man in the district will agree with onr conduct. Well, all we need Bay in reply to this assertion is that we have not whitewashed the Ministry over this event — for one all-sufficient reaBon. In the manner in which the Government dealt with this very unsatisfactory bitch they strictly obeyed the law; and a Ministry who does this can well afford to be indifferent both to compliment and censure. We have only put forth what is the real troth of the case; and therefore there is no whitewashing process, as we nnderstand this expression, associated with our statements. Mr CAHPBELL next says the Newham electors have suffered a great wrong by the poll not being completed. In this we qnite agree with him; and if the returning officer were made to suffer the penalty provided for his blunder, we should be tbe very last to say a word in his defence. But it is absurdity run mad to say that the Government are to blame for tbe poll not being finished at Newham. As we have pointed out already, no power is given in the Electoral Act to postpone a poll, once opened, except for riot or open violence. Running short of ballot-papers does not come within either of these categories; hence the wrong sustained by a few of the Newham electors is not due to any act of tbe Government, but simply because the Electoral Act is defective. There is not an atom of evidence, however, to Bhow that if the poll had been completed the return of Mr DEAK1N wonld have been disturbed, because we have the best reasons for knowiDg that not one-half of the persons who put in an appearance at Newham last Saturday bad a vote to record. But whether Mr DEAEEN'S return could be upBet or not by the poll being continued, certain it is that the Government had no legal power to act as Mr SHOTER wished. It is complete oonBense, therefore, to complain of the course tbe Government have pursued in this case, or to say that any trickery is associated with their conduct. It is unfortunate that a great want of knowledge of the law is mixed np with this fiasco; and Mr CAHPBELL cannot be acquitted of the same failing. For example, be says :—" As has bees pointed ont, if Newham can thus be disfranchised, it is only necessary for any Government to issue a short supply of ballotpaperB to parts that they know are hostile to tbem, and if there is no remedy afterwards, they can gain any election easily." Passing over tbe offensive supposition that any Victorian Government would be guilty of an act of this mean kind;, passing over also the ridiculously wholesale way in which Mr CAMPBELL puts the case, because about twenty electors could not record their votes, Mr CAMPBELL has evidently not read the Electoral Act, or he would never have penned the above sentence. For the Government have no more to do with regulating the number of ballot-papers issued than Mr CAMPBELL has. This is entirely the province of the returning officer, as provided for by the 95th section; and be exposes himself to a very stiff penalty indeed if he fails in this part of his duty. Before an election tabes place, tbe retaining officer applies to the Government to supply him with what ballot-papers he thinks necessary; and tbe number ordered 1s sent from the Government Printing Office to him as speedily as they can be printed. Or, he can order them from any private firm if he likes, and so be entirely independent of the Government in the matter. Mr CAMPBELL has only, therefore, to read the Electoral Act to see that no election could be manipulated in the manner he and others fear, even if anything of the kind were desired or attempted. We now come to tbe pith of Mr CAMPBELL'S letter; and here we mnst, in the best spirit, accuse Mr CAMPBELL of acting disingenuously when dealing with this, the most important, part of the whole subject. Whether the Government could or could not comply with Mr SHDTEB's request, depends altogether upon tbe 131st clause of the act; and it is a legal maxim that the interpretation of an act of Parliament must rest not upon any part, bnt on the whole of tbe section need; otherwise, it would be impossible to get at the real'intentions of the legislature, and a great wrong might be inflicted. Well, what does Mr CAMP- BELL do? Does ie quote the whole of the 131st clause to make ont his case ? Nothing of the sort. He leaves out the first sentence altogether; and thus gives "as the play of Hamlet without presenting the chief character in the drama. Filling np this deficiency, then, not anything could well be clearer, than we pnt it last Monday, that the object of this nclause la really to protect the successful candidate, because it commences as follows:—" No election shall be void in consequence only of there having been no returning officer at the time of the issue of the writ, or of any delay in the return of the writ;" and then follows on the power of the Governor in Council to validate any errors, &c.;, that may have occurred during the contest. The object of the Legislature in passing this clause was clearly to protect the successful candidate; otherwise the clause wonld stand alone,-SB Mr CAMPBELL pots it; andthe question of no returaingT3fficer,ora delay sn theretum of the writ, wonld havebeen met by a separate provision. The nee, indeed, made, of the word "void"In the danse shows that the position of the successful candidate -was only thought of, as it is te *lone that Jn such a case is interested by the proceedings being validated; and, therefore, to say that this clause bears a general application is really to put a fanciful interpretation on the law, and generally to beg the whole question. Hence Mr CAMP- BELL has not acted ingenuously in leaving out the first section of the clause from his letter, because it is really tbe pith of the whole matter, and the moBt important element by which alone tbe whole case can be fairly decided. Mr CAMPBELL cannot -hope to win sympathisers for his views, by referring to what occurred at the four places he mentions, where the ballot-papers ran short, and tbe polling was continued ou the following day. As we pointed out on Tuesday, tbe Government of those days authorised an illegal act in the first place, and then condoned it in the next. This was a wretched example to be set by any Government ; and it is one that no Ministry should follow, no matter wbat the consequences may be of adhering closely to tbe statute. It was a good reason, no doubt, why the law should be amended, but it was certainly no reason why it should be continuously broken. It is not necessary to say anything more with regard to Mr CAMPBELL'S, letter except this. We regret wbat has occurred at Newham as much as the stoutest Conservative in the land, and ehonld be glad indeed to see it rectified at once if that were possible. But there is only one of two legal ways by which thiB end can be attained, and neither of these ways lies with the Government. One is to let the matter find its way in due course before the Elections and Qualifications Committee, and the other is for Mr DEAKIN to resign, so that there may be a fresh contest. And we should not be at all sorry to see the latter course chosen, partly because it would be more satisfactory, ID its results, to Mr BEAE.VN himself, and partly because it would put an end to a great deal of nonsense that is being written on the subject just now, without a particle of reason being associated with its appearance. In the meantime, however, we again assert that no blame is attributable to the Government of er what has occurred. They have simply obeyed the law as it is; and from that principle there should never be any departure, no matter what onteide clamor may arise, or what interests may soffer by its adoption. Tbe health inBpeclor and health officer visited tbe premises of a butcher named Myers iaBt NIGHTY and discovered that a quantity of some offensive matter was flowing from tbem into the channel at the corner of Doveton and Skipton streets. It is the intention of the health inspector to take proceedings in the case. A lad named George Todd, whose parents reside at Dead Horse, was admitted into the Ballarat yesterday afternoon, he having qualified himself for position of in-patient by becoming that day another of the army of martyrs to scientific researches into the explosive qualities of gunpowder. George Todd had some powder in a flask,and was amaBing himself by pouring it on the grass and then setting fire to it. He set fire to SOME once, when Ills {&ce; was vry NEAR it, and the flash blazed off hiB eyebrows and eyelashes, and burnt his face ; but, fortunately, his injuries are superficial, and his eyesight is untouched. His case makes an addition to the many that have been warning boys ei since.gunpowder was invented to be cautious HANDLING it. Messrs Lewis, Glenny, and Shoppee presided at the City Police Court yesterday, and fined Duncan Henderson LOA-and 2s 6d costs for being drunk at the railway station. Arthur Croft was fined fis for insulting behavior. Mary Anne Wilkie was re* manded until Friday, at the request of the poUce, on a charge of stealing a pair of gloves and a fichu, the property of Marian Marks, on the 21st instant. A number of other charges willbe preferred against the prisoner. Messrs Scott and Glenny presided at the Town Court, and discharged John Bone, a share-broker, who had been arrested for assaulting Mr F. B. Wilson, landlord of the Buck's Head hotel. It appears that the accused was in the bar at about twelve o'clock on Tuesday night, and became very abusive, winding np by striking Mr WilBon in the face, causing blood to flow from his noee. Senior- constable Shine happened tobe passing at the time, and hearing the particulars of the affair, lodged the offender in the town lock-up. Mr Wilson stated in court yesterday that be did not wish to press the charge, and Bonewas therefore discharged with a caution, The following twenty-two players have been selected to represent the B.C.C. in the match tobe played on the Eastern Oval against Lord Harris' team on Saturday and Monday next, 1st and 3rd March, commencing each day at eleven o'clock:— Messrs Antcliffe, Anstis, Bell, Bryant, Brokensbire. Cleverly, Coulsell, Duffy, W. H. Figgis, S. E. Figgis, Franklin, Herbert, Johnston, Jackson, Keogb, Lewis, C. Nettle, Korman, Pateman, Sea tea, Sherard and Williamson; emergency, Mr J. CampbelL The friends of Vr Thompson, of Coghill's Creek, who was eo severely injured last Saturday week when engaged in trying a horse up the hill by the Corner, will be glad to learn that he is rapidly recovering, and will be able, most probably, to get about again in a few days. A meeting of committee of the Ballarat Coursing Club was held yesterday afternoon at Craig's Boyal hotel. Present, Messrs R. Lewis (in tbe chair), Permewan, Swifte, Brazenor, Ward, and Clark. A letter was received from Messrs Thomson and Ren wick, offering a £25 plate, to be added to tbe Derby or Oaks Stakes. The gift was ordered to acknowledged with thanks. Hew members—MESSRS Wilfrid J. Austin, William Edmonston, Jos. Kelsall, Ellis, and Webb were elected members of the club. Mr J. Kelsall was appointed flag steward for the season, and after some routine business had been transacted the meeting adjourned. At the Clones Police Conrt yesterday, a case, in which Mr James Pitcher appealed against the valuation on premises owned by BIM in Lower Fraser street, was given against tbe conncil, with 28s costs. Tbe premises, wbich had been unoccupied for some time, and were very much ont of repair, were valued at £27 per annum ; the valuer considering them worth 12s a week. owner said be wonld gladly let them-at 4A. The valuation was reduced to £10. At the same sitting Michael Burke, a pnblican, was fined 20s, with 2s 6d costs, for permitting dice-playing in his house on Sunday morning. The flags flying from the belfry and from the residence of the captain of the Smythesdale Fire Brigade on Tuesday gave indication of some TUT. UBual and joyful event; the cause BANG the marriage of a member of the brigade, Mr Richard Searie, junior; which took place at Haddon, in the Church of England. In tbe evening the members of the brigade met at Bishop'S hotel, and drank the health of the newly-married couple, wishing them health, happiness, &C.; and afterwards the captain and some others improvised A torchlight procession,to welcome home Mrand Mrs Searie, who arrived at an EULY hour. In consequence of the proposed alteration iu railway communication between Geelong and COLAC, Cobb and Co. have determined upon reestablishing TTWJR coadi light through to Camperdpwn on Saturday next, leaving 'Geelong at nine AJN.,and reaching Camperdown at six p.m.; , and .leaving Camperdown at ten a.M, and reaching Geelong at eight p.m. BY this arrangement passenger! to and from Ioutit Bay Winchelses, will be accommodated. There in no sitting of the Scsrsdale Police Court on Wednesday, owing to tbe absence of Messrs Keith and A. Young, J.P, on the water supply deputation, and the mayor—the only magistrate present—adjourned the cenrt. It was late,and a wet night,and he had been dining out. He knew he had been dining ont, because the road would not keep straight in boat of him, and be had dodge it first towards the fence and then towards tie Butter, or he would have been crowded off it. Finally, on READING his house, tbe conviction stole over him that he would not like to meet his better-half until he had slept; so he resolved to proceed with caution,and to get to bed without waking her. On the verandah he unlaced bis boots,and arranged the programme of ! action, which read thusly:—" I'll open the door softly—go into the pallor, there undress, GET a glass of something soothing, and slide noiselessly into the bedroom and to bed, and intbe morning a HI wake op bright and cheerful, and oeveraay a ^ wordaboutit. He carried out the programme faithfully and got to bed aafely—the regular breathing of ;Wa better-half telling that his mancenvres had been S successful so far—and slept. In the morning he woke, brightand cheerful, and did not say a S word about it-bat she did. Sbe said someone was very drunk last night. No thought of Sabbaft school, a George Washington rose in his bright, cheerful mind, and he was about to promulgate a disclaimer, bnt she pointed unto the foot of TTRATED and lo! his boots-Ms muddy boots -still encased his shapely feet He confessed, and got absolution, but to this day he cannot account for having the boots on when other and indiBpeneable artides of men's attire had been taken off. He has a (aillt notion that when sitting on the bedside, preparatory to turning in, and chuckling at bis success, be drew tbem on mechanically, and so betrayed himself. He gave the boots away next day. A very enjoyable picnic was held by the tributors of the No. 4 Band of Hope yesterday at tbe Botanical Gardens. The tribntora with their wives and families, 400 strong, were conveyed in the morning by cab and Eteamer to tbe scene of the day's pleasuring, and immediately on arrival there the usual games indulged in on such occasions were entered into with great spirit Dancing, rounders, cricket, and meny other pastimes had all numbers of votaries, and a merry time was made of it A cricket match between the members of the two shifts excited a great deal of interest, both amongst the players and the onlookers. - Gill's steamer was chartered for tbe day, and a trip on the lake was in tbe programme of the day's fun. At one o'clock tbe party sat down toan excellent spread, prepared bytbe busy hands of the ladies of the party, and the Btyle in which it was set out reflected no little credit on everyone concerned in arranging it. Ample justice was done to tbe viands provided, and the merry-makers then returned to their games, which were keptup with vigor until tbe closing in of tbe evening warned the party to make a move for home, which was accordingly done, and caband Bteamer were called into requisition onccmore; tbe picnickers leaving the gardens well pleased with the day's amusement. To the promoters of the affair isdue a word of praise for the capital manner in 'which it was managed, and the -completeness with which it was carried out There were only five interments in the Clunes Cemetery in the month of January; these included the remains ofsn old lady aged ninetyseven. During corresponding month last year they numbered sixteen. The half-yearly meeting of tbe Ballarat Gas Company will be held this evening, at the office, at half-past seven o'clock. Tbe annnal meeting of the subscribers to the Sebastopol Free Library is convened for this evening, at eight o'clock. MR 7. Id. Claxton will offer for sale, to- day, the booths in connection with the cricket match, Gentlemen of England v Ballarat Twenty-two, on Saturday and Monday next The programme of the opening meeting of the Ballarat Coursing Club, to take place on the let of May and following days, will be found published in our advertising columns this morning. There are three events provided, viz., "The Derby," " The Ballarat Oaks,"and " The Kamesborough Plate." The last day for nomination is Friday next. A star combination troupe, consisting of Mr C> Forrester, Miss Willie Walton, Miss Kate Bamsden, and Mr Wilson, is announced to appear at the Mechanics' Institute for a few nights, com- mencing next Saturday. The talents of the company are varied and entertaining; and as gifts are included in the programme, the troupe will probably draw good bouses during the time it stays in the town. St. Paul's Sunday school excursion by train to Geelong is fixed for Wednesday, 12th March. " The Fruit Garden " is the name of a new work, that has been written by Mr William Clar. son, F.L.S, and published by Messrs A. H. Masaina and Co., of Melbourne. It is a very complete publication, and will be found most useful to all persons who possess gardens and desire to cultivate them on a sound and profitable basis. We have received a copy of this work from Mr Vale, stationer, of Sturt street. A telegramin the Age says:—" W. C. Byass, the defaulting secretary to the Protestant Alliance, and who was supposed to hare been drowned at Schnapper Point, was arrested at two o'clock on Tuesday morning by Constable Sharp, of Toongabbie. Byasswas lying in tbe bush between the Thompson River and Waihalla. For the last two weeks he has Iain concealed in the day-time and travelled at night. He is now iu the lock-up at Traralgon en route to Sale." The Melbourne correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser writes :—" I don't think I am breaking confidence when I tell you that one of the telegrams lately received from Mr Berry relates to the prospect* of the new loan, and expresses most excellent grounds for believing, not only that it will float with the certainty of a proved swimmer, bnt that the extra | per cent will tempt the investing public to give at least 97 per cent for it. I may say that eome people very wisely informed believe that even a higher rate will be obtained, but I desire rather to confine myself to a minimum of aspiration. If it IB placed at this price, Conservative Elanderers will receive a staggering blow, and patriotic Victorians need no longer fear tbeir most extreme efforts at depreciation." The returning officer for West Bonrke, Mr Charles Shuter, P.M., bas published (says the Age) bis official declaration of the state of the poll. Tbe official statement ofthe numbers polled is— Alfred Deakin. 1364;and Robert Harper, 1309, thue leaving a majority of 65 votes in favor of Mr Deakin. The returning officer has therefore declared Mr Deakin duly elected. We (Herald) have to report another strike. It appears that the wharf laborers, including of course the coal lumpers, have recently formed an association for the protection of their interests, and among other rules there one that mem. bers shall refuse to assist to discharge any ships on board of which non-society men are employed. Ou Wednesday the collier steamer Lady Darling came UP THS RIVER vitb & csrgo of coal consigned to Mr James Paterson. Men were at once pat to discbarge her, and amongst them several non-society men. Tbe society men, to the number of about five-and-twenty, immediately refused togo on with the work, which was in consequence partially suspended, only a few men being obtainable. Mr Peterson immediately advertised for thirty lumpers at Is per hour. The Chief Secretary, in telegraphing to Sir Bryan O'liOghlen regarding the movements of the embassy, has intimated (says the Age) that the prospects of the loan continue to be very favorable, and that there is now no doubt but that it will be placed at a satisfactory price. A letter from A resident of South Australia, received (says the Advertiser) on Tuesda by a gentleman in Geelong, states that great bushfires bave occurred between Fenolaand Narracoorta, thousands of acres of grass having been consumed. To give an idea of the losses sustained the writer of the letter reports that one squatter has lost at least £3000 worth of fencing on his properties. A gentleman, thoroughly conversant with the Till Till station, New South Wales, wbich is reported to have been stuck up by four bushrangers, has famished (says the Age) a few particulars respecting tbe four, men who are supposed to be the perpetrators of the crime. He says that he is acquainted with the man Kay, who seems to be the leader of gang, and from the description given of the others he believes they are known to him. They follow the occupation of horsebresking, MD usually travel about from station to station. From his knowledge of tbe country our informant says that the men will probably make for the Darling Biver, where they possess friends. He bas, however, advised the Wilcannia police bv telegram, which will be received before tbe gang o'f robbers can reach their friends. The horses stolen from the station are branded TJ over L, and will be easily identified. A correspondent reports (says the Crestric/- Advertiser) _ that Spring Mount was enlivened on Fnday by the marriage of a young couple, without their parents' consent,, aged sixty-one and Mty-two years respectively, in the Presbyterian CBTTREH Dean. After the marriage ceremony was celebrated, the happy conple took a drive of several mDesaround the district, and then returned xo thexrliome. Beferring to the Footscraj election, the Aae •ays that on Fnday night Mr Newell held a XAJU ING at the <AUR<4 of England schoolroom Yarraville; and Mr Clark aim addressed a crowded meedng IN Yammlle, at the Wesleyan Chapel The latter was accorded a unanimous vote of ISL proval and a strong committee was formed to secure his return. A wedding party (says tbe Geelong AdverliieA wttW A bridegroom is rather a novdty, ™T1£E TOA plaee on Tuesday in a neighboring TOW£ bridegroom, havmg made all arrangements FCRLTE •naniage ceremony, went into a distant MRT of the which mi to convey him to the township: where WRTY arrived at the church,and anxiously VWSID the coming of the bridegroom, who howe" DM FI^F' V W" announcing that thederehct had lost the train. The weddtaf no doubt take place early. "E weaamg J ^ ^ V 1 ' A G C ) , O R 11 fortnightly man . F.J" 6 """"WENKKN of the CWRFNET ,/i however, decided that no ^ K E A information OFAMO^ W M received. It I. jJsfcLrf'^ D f t h e which*™ 