LIVE STOCK REPORT. Deniliqcin, Feb. 21.—From various places we hear that a favourable change has taken place in the weather, and a good amount of rain has fallen. From appearances we hoped to record the same on Wed nesday night, but only a few drops fell. Thursday's wind and dust with a cloudy sky betokened rain near, hut the expectation was not realised. The " Hay Standard" records a pleasant change in the weather with some slight showers, the effect of which is appa rent already on the feed around that neighbourhood, and at tyarandera the rainfall, as reported by a gentle man lately travelling sheep, has been very heavy. Mr. Dargin has travelled over 1,100 miles, ana states that grass is plentiful all along except just between Naran dera ana Wagga, hut from Karandera to Hay there is plenty of feed. At Wagga the rainl&'l lasted two days, and a considerable quantity fell, which must re sult beneficially topastoralists. Business is not very brisk. Only a few sales were effected during the week. There is a fair demand for sound young store sheep. At Sydney 1,376 fat cattle were yarded, and a fair attendance of buyers. Sales were in favour of ven dors, prime quality selling at 17s. 6d. per 1001b., while medium and inferior maintained last week's rates. Best pens may be quoted at 180s. to 140a., middling 90s. to 110s., best heifers 86a. to 100s., middling 76s. to 80s. Ho business in stores. 17,268 fat sheep were penned; last week's quotations were maintained during the first sales. On Thursday the arrivals were hugely in excess ot demand, and* decline of fid. to fid. on good, and Is. on middling and inferior! took place. 601b. wetbera are worth fie. fid., fi01b.ys.fid.to 8s., 4Stb. 6s. to 8s. From Wilcannia we hear that the"want of rain is being felt, a slight faQ took place,but iBsnflcient to be of any benefit The weather has been intensely bot. 10,000eheepfromQueensland,HanBcn In charge, travel ling for sale, were near Louth: 10,000 sheep from Mount Talbot, Victoria, for Officer Brothers, Kalhfca Btation, have passed. Heavy rain Is reported at Cbpage and Hungerford; on the Faroo road it has keen very patchy. Alot of sheen passed Wentwortkon their way from South Australia. At Walgett the riven are very low. A draft ot fat cattle in charge of leveridge have left Bangate (Parker and Wards), for Sydney. Cattle are reported as'dying from some ailment on some of. the stations near. At Forbes the weather has been hot and disagreeable, a slight khowgr gave a utile relief. Be porta oomlng from Engosra end vicinity state thai a heavy downpour has takqi plaoe. Stotsc matters .remain dull, pricee lor. No transactions worth yuaning have taken' place. The .following passings are reported:—674 head of «ttie, the property of the Bank of New South Wales, J. Miller in charge; 1,000 fat wethers for market, the property of H, Hope, R. Fitzgerald in charge; 8,000 twee and SOQ nuns, J. L. Patterson owner, travelling —~ c r, w, „ QUdson \- --t. — —-—»vnuo., v, nuiimiuthiim. AtOondobolin «he weather has been very hot ana close, with an ta ction -.rein, 16 polute feU ontheBth lust On ® steady ndn apt ta about noon. The low price of tat stock in Sydney •O'Ph^oiTO toattwsyouhd w£w?,cJ'5J1(i wantf» home of ihf back 0,1 ^wrings ^,70° and 60 zanu affiobUfl '<Mtdsn,' •had BmWife) iwnP*^htow*rd? gorfa^ WjT' tMowoho inshanre south side ol the river and crossed. They are in splendid condition, which reflects great credit on their careful drover, as they had great difficulties to H contend with. Innes and Cunninghams, of Condo bolin, report the sale of 6.000 store wethers on acoount of W. Oliver and Co., of Melrose, to W. Crampton, of Newlanda. At Dubbo bush fires have been prevalent. A fine rain began to fall on Saturday night last, and will in ^measure tend to lessen the dangerpt Are, A large bush'fire was reported between Maequarrie and Castlereagh. The Adelaide markets were only mode rately supplied with fat cattle; prices advanced. OS prime good cows, from the Darling, sold at an average of 168s. 6d. Quotations—Beet beef, 80s.; medium, 18s. 6d. per 1001b. Fat Sheep.—A full num ber were .yarded,, but chiefly in. store con dition ; prime lots sold off briskly; prices were Is. per head more than last week. 2,630 ewes and wethers for various owners sold at from 6s. 6d. to 16s. Fat lambs were short of demand; those pre sent were chiefly inferior or medium, and sold at from 7s. to 100. 6d. At Deniliquin, on Monday next, Wooldridge and Wren will load 13 trucks fat cattle (Budd's) to J. 0. Walker and Co.; op Tuesday, five trucks Warbreccan sheep to same agents; and four trucks of cattle from Jerilderie, to George Howat. James Mann and Co. report that 20 trucks of cattle from Map Nap Station will load on Tuesday, con signed to Dal. Campbell and Co., Melbourne; and that 200 head of cattle from the same station are ad vised to truck here on Tuesday, 11th March, and will be consigned to B. Gibson and Co. -"Pwtonl, Times." 