N E WS OF THE DA Y. In order to make room for extracts from the papers by the mail, we hold over our loadiug matter. "We regret having to announce the death of tho lion. John Thomas Smith, M.P., one of our oldest and most respected colonists. Tho honorable gentleman breathed his last at his residence at Fleraington early this morning. His death has been oxpected for the past few days, so that when the Corpo ration flag was hoisted at half-mast, the sad emblem was correctly interpreted as an announcement of tho death of Air Smith. His decease will leave a vacancy in the Assembly for West Bourke, for which no doubt in due time thero will bo plenty of aspirants. In . another column wc give some- particulars of the deceased gentleman's career. The inquest on the body of Airs Charlotte Collins, who diod on the 2nd January, has been adjourned till Monday morning, in conse quence of the death of Air J. T. Smith, the father of the Crown prosecutor, Air J. T. T. Smith, who is conducting the case for the Crown. It is to be hoped that the board appointed to investigate the circumstances surrounding the escape of Martin Wiberg will hold its de- liberations in public. The character and capa- bility of the detective police force is a subject in which the public are deeply concerned, and any inquiry which affects the force should be made openly, and not in private. The Electric Telegraph department inti mates that the Port Darwin line is inter, ruptcd north of Alice SpringB. From information to hand from our country correspondent, it would appear that tho police believe that they may at any moment now encounter the Kelly gang. We are not at liberty to publish the full particulars of the information to hand, but it is to the effect that the police have the best possible reason to infer that they are clo3Q on the track of the outlaws, and are sanguine of being able to reach them within a very short period. The following tenders were accepted to-day by the Public Works department : — Construc tion of a bridge over the Woori Yallock Creek on the Lillydale to Beenac road— T. Ewart, £39-4 10s 7d Fittingsand furniture various offices-- James Bell, £271 3s 6d. Repairs to jetty, tramway and trucks, Queenscliffe — Sterling and Roddar, £-150 16s 8d. Supplying Castle- maine flagging to the Penal Establishment at Pentridge — Wilson, Corbcn and Co,, £75. A special train with 15 carriages left tho Spencer-street station at 10.30 a.m. to-day with passengers for the Geelong Races, T-Ils Excellency Sir George, Lady, and Miss Bowen, and suite had a reserved carriage, in which the lion. W. J. Clarice also rode. The whole of the train was well filled with pas sengers, who all seemed intent on pleasure. Another special train left the station for Geelong at 0 a.m. The intense heat which has prevailed for the past few days has been tho cause of more than one death by sunstroke. A ganger, named Robert Eade, while at his work on the railway lino near Sandhurst, observed a bush- fire, which he endeavored to extinguish, and while so engaged exposed Ills head too much to the sun, which resulted in him receiving a stroke of the sun. The sufferer was removed bo the nearest hospital, and died there after a few hours. Benjamin Arnold, aged eighteen, and living in Alary street, Richmond, v/as admitted to the Alfred Hospital yesterday, suffering, from injuries through being run over by a dray at Elstcrnwick. He died this morning, and an inquest will be held." A match will take plocc on the AI.C.C. Ground to-morrow, between the AI.C.C. and Ballarat, (2nd elevens.) Tho following team will represent AI.C.C Quirk, McLaughlin, ' Barratt, Vicusseux, Plcasanec, Anderson, Barker, Pitman, Oakley, Boys, Foote, Aloule, The following players will represent the B.C.C. Atessrs Anstis, Conway, Camp bell, Bryant, Duffy, Lewis, Thompson, Alackay, Herbert, Field, Scates and Fergu son. Tho dead body of a navvy, named Thomas Murphy, was found this morning, at about six o'clock, on the back verandah of a house in Arthur stVeot, Prahran, and there are grave suspicions of foul play in the- matter, although, in the interests of justice, the police are not yet able to furnish the information they have in hand. It is believed that he died from fracture of the skull, and the usual post mor tem examination will be hold to- day. The police have ascertained that he was drinking yesterday with several companions. Alurphy lived at Essendon, and leaves a wife and family. In one, at" all events, of the many depreda tions committed recently at Jolimont there has been detection and retribution. On the night of Alonday, Gth January — when the great heat of the weather induced almost every one to lmvo the street doors open for the sake of fresh air — it occurred to the mind of a certaiu prowler in tho neighborhood thht the time was como for him to make a haul. Ac cordingly, finding tho front dtur of Air D. D. Wheeler's houso opon, ho managed to got silently into tho hall and successfully clear tho coat-rack. No less than fivo coats, worth from £15 to £20, rewarded his pains, and ho got clear off. But somehow his scheme went awry, fox, just a fortnight afterwards, Air Waters, tho polico officer in charge of tho Sunbury station, brought his professional acumen to bear upon tho swag a certain well- known loafer, named Lynch, alift3 Alontford, was carrying through the township, and every article stolen from Air Wheeler was found in it. Sentence : Twelve months' imprisonment, with hard labor. At tho ITothnm Court this morning, after a little preliminary business had been gone through, Air Carroll, who occupied the chair of the bench, announced that the court would be adjourned for a week, as a mark of respect to the late mayor, Air llutchison. Detective TIayes made a clearance of three notorious offenders last ."night. Three well- known characters, named Margaret Clifford, Margaret Kennedy, and Charles Thompson, were brought 'before the City Bench this morning, £ chargedjjwith keeping disorderly house in Bouverie street, Carlton. It ap peared that a young man named Thompson, recently arrived from England, was decoyed into the house by Clifford, and while thero he was robbed of a sum in money and a gold watch and chain. Detective Kayos yesterday had a description given him of the ofFemlers, and he, suspecting the trio, arresteditheni last night, and having searched, the watch was found on the promises. All the prisoners were sent to gaol for 12 months. About four o'clock on the afternoon of the 28th inst., a horse and a cow came to drink at a water-trough in front of the Mount Erica Hotel, in High-street, Prahran, anil the land lord, Robert Geyton, considering them a nuisance, as the cow was on the asphalts, went out to drive them off. A young lad, named Rose, questioned tho advisability of doing so, and an altercation ensued between them when the landlord's temper getting the better of lu » discretion, ho struck tho lad on tin head with Ins open hand. The lad's fathor summoned Geyton before the Prahran Bench this morning on a charge of assault, and the beach imposed a fine of 10s, with 2s (id costs. At a meeting of the parishioners of St. James's, held in tho school-room, on the 28th instant, the following gentlemen were elected to form a vestry for 1879 : — Messrs G. Watson and G. T. Kingsland as churchwardens; and Messrs R. Knaggs, R. Bowen, and K. Gaskin as vestrymen for the parish. The incumbent nominated Air John Freeman as his church warden ; and Messrs W. B. Simpson and W, Cork were elected auditors. In our advertising columns will be found an announcement of an acrobatic performance near Prince's Bridge this evening, to-morrow and Friday night, saud .Saturday afternoon. The Bendigo Independent states that yester day, about noon, great clouds of smoke wore observed rising from tho direction of the Big Hill, and it was surmised that thero was a large firo in that vicinity. We subsequently ascertained that on Air Alofiit's ground at Big Hill the bush had caught fire, and burned right along to the Bullock Greek, the other side of the creek being free. The fire had been burning all day, and the 3.35 train from Mol- bourne had an exciting passage through smoke and fire. Air G. B. Leach, barrintcr-at-law, of Castlo- mnine, who has been appointed to act for , Judge Bindon' for the next two months, camo down to town this morning to take the oaths of a judge of the Supremo Court. In consequence of the unsatisfactory state of the health of Air W. Collard Smith, that gen tleman 1ms decided on taking a fortnight's rest, from the beginning of next week, at Loutit Bay. Tho passengers by tho excursion steamer Aldinga were much surprised to learn on their arrival at Sandridge last evening of tho extreme heat suffered in Melbourne, as the cool breezes on board necessitated the change of the silk coat for a thicker matorial. ; The accommodation on board for the passengers is unsurpassed, and her great speed will render the Aldinga a sure favorite during the season. Tho sawyers' excursion trip down the Bay takes place to-morrow by the Aldinga Ka vessel affording ample accommodation for a large number of people. This is frightful weather to talk about theatres, but still thoy remain open, and people insist on going to them. Last night was a wot one inside all the places of amuse ment. We notice that Air J. Newlunds is to take the clown, for the first time, at tho Royal on Saturday night. He was originally cast for the part, but unfortunately fell ill, after he had got up the comic scenes. Miss Beatrice and Mr G. II. Ireland are engaged to support Mr Wybert Reeve in Diplomacy, at the Opera House. Air J. L. Hall 13 in town, and superintending his rehearsals at the Academy of Music, for a revival of Byron's pieces. A nice little company has been engaged. J.lo Alichel holds the boards at the Princess's, Mrs Gladstane's make-up in tho last act is almost as forcible as her Queen Elizabeth. In short, all our four theatres are doing business of . which they have no reason to complain, deiqute the inclemency of the weather in a Plutonic sense. 