Week there is a regular rash of candidates into the field for a single vacancy, aB jnst now there is in West Bourke, the addidon of one more to the number is of no consequence, excepting in so far as it may serve to indicate the drift of events in a given direction. This is distinctly the case in respect to a certain Mr THOMAS Healet, who has announced himself as a substitute for Mr Staughton, retired. Of Mr Healet the world in general knows very little; and, indeed, it would hardly have been .remembered that he was a defeated candidate for West fioarke at the general election in 1871, if he had not come forward with an avowal of the fact. He certainly has not been making himself a man of much celebrity in the interval. £ot that circumstance may be to his credit; for no man is to be censured for eschewing public life, and sticking closely to his private affairs, if ench be the bent of his inclination. The real point at iBsae here is to discover some reason why the electors of West Bonrke, who rejected Mr Healet in 1871, should accept him in 1879. To learn this, we naturally tarn with some .curiosity to the new candidate's printed address to the con- and there we find that he speaks ont plainlyenongh. Todohimjnstice,hedoes not conceal Mb principles or convictions. We pass over a good deal of what strikes as as very stilted nonsense, conched in polysyllabic language, referring to the Berry Ministry, of whom Mr HEALET—all the time professing much impartiality—speaks in terms that come very near being abusive. Then he goes on to remind the electors that, when he sought their suffrages in 1871, he was an uncompromising nee-trader; and be adds that he still holds 'firmly by Ids old fiscal faith. On the groirnd of his -consistent opposition to protection in every form, he expects the WesHfonrke men to return hint. - We Bra veiy nrach afraid that this expectation is baaed on a rathershaky foundation. No doubt Mr Healey has a light to claim credit tor .bis consistency in this iegardf imf' ve the electors less deserving of credit for the same virtoe? Mr HEALET is, we infer from his name, an Irishman; and it certainly is a very Hibernian method of reasoning to say to a body of electors:—"Gentlemen, I sought your suffrages eight years ago, and yon rejected me, because amongst other reasons, I was an nncompromiBing free-trader. I am so still. I am the most consistent of candidates. For that reason lxexpect that yoa will become the most inconsistent of constituencies, and will consent to forswear your protectionist principles, in order that yon may reward my consistency!" Jleally, there is a touch of theIrish bnll in this reasoning which is quite diverting. West Bourke. shows its unmistakable bias towards protection in 1871 by electing representatives holding firmly by the principle, and turning thefree-trader adrift. Nothing occurs in the interval of «ight years to indicate that West Bonrke has altered its mind in the slightest degree; and now the free-trader invites the constituency to abandon its old faith, reso- Intejy held for many y8ars, and to accept the cast-off free-trader, becanBe, . iotsooth, he is a free-trader etlll I This is really as choice a specimen of the kind of practical logic which flourishes in the neighborhood of the classic groves of Blarney as we have met with for some time. We don't think that the electors of West Bourke will quite see the matter in the light Mr Healet does. They, too, will stand upon their consistency ; and then where will the uncompromising free-trader be? But there is a second point of equal importance set forth in Mr Healet'e address, from which runs a close parallel with the Hibernian logic we have just exposed. That point is the education question. Avowing himself as an uncompromising opponent of the system, happily and firmly established in this country, this candidate calls on the West Bourke electors to choose him as their representative. Now, it little concerns us or anybody, what the particular grounds of Mr Hf A LEY'S opposition to the education system may be. The fact that he is against it is quite enongh. But the question to be asked and answered is this—Are the electors of West Bonrke against the system ? Bo they denounce and condemn it ? Why, there is not a constituency in the colony that holds more loyally to it. We don't suppose that there could be foond throughout its entire extent a single elector who wonld speak of it in the terms that thiB particular candidate nees in bis address. He describes it as an " unequivocal imposition and a tyranny," as being enormously and disproportionately expensive, and as opposed to the principles laid down by John Stuart Mill. He also dares to assert that the system has " neither succeeded in gaining unqualified approval, nor obtaining universal acceptance." We suppose, now, thatthe brilliant exception which proves the rule in this case, is Mr Thomas Healet himself. He does not like the system, and therefore its acceptance is not unqualified and universal! To pure nonsense of this kind there is no replying serionBly. For, if there be one fact in the public life v>f this community more plain to apprehension, more undeniable, than any other, it is the fact that our noble education eystem has fixed itself in the affections of the people, beyond all chance of its ever being uprooted. Every class and section of society favors it; and as to the question of its cost, never was there an item of public expenditure more cheerfully voted by the people's representatives in any country than are the Ministry's yearly estimates under this head. If the people of Victoria are satisfied on that point, Mr THOKAS Htm let's objections may be fairly allowed to answer themselves. And, for the rest, we don't think there is very much chance of the election of a candidate who comeB before a constituency with a hectoring address, wherein he tries to show that every principle the electors hold, and have always held, is false and wrong, and that they ought to elect him as their representative because he has always held that belief. We much prefer "to believe that they will elect Mr Deaklk, and it will certainly be a credit to the district if he should be chosen. A rather warm debate took place at the Hospital committee meeting last night, as to the desirability or otherwise of passing a sum of £25 to Mr Burrows, secretary and collector, for travelling expenses during his month's holiday. A special committee, a fortnight or so ago, moved a resolution to the effect that the above-mentioned sam be granted to Mr Burrows; bat it seems that the committee took this step unasked, and that it was not on the business-paper of their meeting. From the general tone of tbe meeting last night, the grant appeared to be viewed with disfavor, and finally Mr Braphy poured oil on the troubled waters, by getting both sides to withdraw all resolutions and allow the matter to drop. The special committee, it must be remembered, only sent their report as a recommendation to the general committee; its action was not floaL A miner named Philip Campbell, a resident of Tarrowee parade, was admitted into the Hospital yesterday afternoon, suffering from contusions on the right ehoulder and back, which be sustained when working in tbe mine of the Victoria United Company, BaUarat East, in the afternoon. He was engaged in blocking out a flat vein, when a portion nf the reef fell in on him, causing the injuries entioned. Mr L. Meanowski, pawnbroker, of Main street, reports that, on the 6th instant, someone during his temporary absence entered bis shop, and abstracted therefrom several watches and various articles of jewellery. Mr Kenyon also reports that a quantity of wearing apparel was stolen from his place in ttie C res wick road on the 31st ultimo. At the Clunes Police Court on Wednesday, before Messrs Bobinson, Weickhardt, and Barry, J-P-, a Mrs WOliftmB was brought op for assaulting Miss Matthews, a school teacher. It appeared 4hat a child, seven years of age, of Mrs Williams' had been refused permission to "go ont," and next morning its mother met the teacher and rubbed die dirty clothes in her face. It was argued on one side that the mother had some provocation, -and on the other that it would never do for teachers to let children out whenever they asked. The bench said that do provocation could justify such an act, and fined defendant 21s, with 26s costs. A meeting of committee of the Ballarat Coursing Club was held at Craig's hotel yesteiday afternoon. Present, Messrs F. S. Clarke (in the chair), Watson, Ward. Lewis, Pobjoy, Permewan, Swif le, and Bailey. The following new members were elected:—Messrs J. Harrison, W. Greenwood, J. Parker, W. Hancock, P. Cabal. Dr Badcliffe, Dr Beed, J. Murray, J. Kent, J. W. Kirk, Chamber- Iain, Prescott, and Cakebread, and Messrs J. Malone, A. Clarke, Beveridge Bros., Fraser, and Grant were elected honorary members. The secretary was instructed to advertise in the Clunes and Cieswick papers, offering a reward of £5 on conviction of any person poaching hares on the lands of theaboTenamedhon. members, who had given permission to tie club to courte oa their estates, The ; irogramme for the ensuing season was adopted, as : 'ollows:—21st March, Mount Cameron and Duntulm Stakes; 3rd April, J)owling Forest Stakes; 25th April, Smeaton and Moorookyle Stakes; 1st May, Derby and Oaks; 2ith May,Springs and Addington meeting; 26th June, Clunes meeting; 3rd July, Mount Bolton and Learmonth Stakes; 24th July, ErcHaoune meeting; 2Iet August, Champion Stakes. The meeting then adjourned. The funeral of the late Mr H. Thiemeyer took place yesterday. The procession was followed hy the members of the German Association, with which and with the Leidertafel deceased liad been connected for a very long time. The members of the Leidertafel sang "Wie sie so sinft ruhn," a funeral dirge, at the deceased's house, and " Heilge Grabesstille" at the grave. The place of interment was the Old Cemetery, and Mr Atkins was undertaker. The following letter of condolence was yesterday forwarded by the secretary of the Ballarat Licensed Victuallers' Association-to Mr Osborne, one of the members, on the death of his late daughter:—"Mr J. Osborne, Devon and Cornwall hotel, Ballarat. Dear Sir,—I am instructed by the committee of the above association to convey to yoa and Mrs Osborne the most heartfelt sympathy for, and condolence 'with, you in your great bereavement caused by the Ion of your late -daughter Emily, who was so well beloved and justly esteemed for her many amiable and estimable qualities by all who were fortunate enough to have the pleasure of her acquaintance. The committee sincerely hope that Mrs Osborne may be speedily restored to health, and with her children long be spared to you, and that you may enjoy many years of prosperity and happiness with them.—I am, sir, yours fct, J. Waed Forester, secretary." The fifth annual matches of the Ballarat Swimming Club were held at the Corporation Baths yesterday, and proved very successful. For nearly ertsy event there was a good Add of competitors, and excepting that M'lndoe won his events rather easily, the finishes were close and exciting. The junior members of the dub came before the starter in large numbers, seven starting for the nee for noy» under ten years of age, twelve starting for the i^arnara' Handicap, and fourteen facing the starter in the race for-ths Parents'Prize. M'lndoe won the Ballarat Handicap, of 10 eon; the City Sandlcap, of 5 rove; and the first prim, a gold medal, for the 210 Yards. Handicap.. G. Bade, who. B.w&m; very well, took second prizes In the City Handicap, the Ballarat Handicap, and the 210 Yards Bace. . H. Tobitt carried off the first prize in the 210 Yards Bace, and the handicap ncebc boy« under fourteen years of age. The sport on the whole waa good, and the dab is to be congratulated on theoomber of excellent swimmers ithaamtheiaakaolits members. The Hatches were witnessed by about 800 spectatorA^wh®" evinced a very lively interest in the proceed uige, which closed about six o'clock with* the ev.ent called the Beg cue, which was won by D. T. Sheeny- Mr S. Summons, M.A., inspector of State schools, has been appointed, to act in conjunction with Mr Inspector Holland, who has been here some time, to the Ballarat district. He wiO commence duty here in a few days, and perhaps his advent will put a stop to tbe complaints which have of late been made in certain quarters that some schools in the district have not been examined for nearly two years. Messrs Bannister and Shoppee, J.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday, and sent a lad named Boad to tbe Industrial School for eighteen months, for stealing a whip, the property of a farmer named Martin Hooley, on tbe 11th instant. Mr Scott, J.P., presided at tbe Town Police Court, and remanded James Wynne until Thursday, on a charge of petty larceny. Wing Ah Tack was remanded for a week, on a charge of stealing three watches and chains, a quantity of opium, wearing apparel, and money—£16 worth in all. Mr D. Thomas, singing master, yesterday received official intimation from the Education Department that At the examination held in December last be had p&ased; in music. He will therefore be licensed to teach music forthwith under the department. Many will no doubt pleased to hear this, as Mr Thomas, besides being an excellent teacher, has always taken a pleasure in instructing young folk in the art of singing whenever an occasion has offered itself. Mr J. Irving, of the Sebastopol State school, having been lately appointed head teacher of the Morwell school, South Gippsland, his many friends do not wish that he should leave Ballarat without expressing in some way the esteem in which he is held by them. Accordingly, & complimentary benefit has been arranged, to take place at the Academy of Music on the 24th instant The performances will consist of Tom Taylor's celebrated drama, " The Ticket-of-leave Man," to be followed by the nautical drama of " Black-eyed Susan," supported by the ladies and gentlemen of the Garrick Club. Some of our leading vocalists have also kindly promised their services on this occasion. Mr Irving has been connected with the stage for some years past with great success, and has always been ready and willing when called upon to lend his aid to any good cause. The tickets are going off rapidly. Not only Ballarat, but the surrounding district will be well represented. It is to be hoped that Mr Irving, on this his last appearance on the Ballarat stage, will be greeted on the rise of the curtain by a crammed house. A very successful rehearsal of the "Ticket-of-Leave Man" took place last night. The annual picnic in connection with the Mount Dorau school was held on the 11th instant, on the school grounds, and, like each of its predecessors, was an unqualified success. Children, parents, and friends turned out in.full force, numbering considerably over 200, and entered with spirit into the various amusements usual on such occasions.. In addition, Mc Ewins, tbe one-armed Blondin, kindly exhibited some of his feats for the amusement of the children. Mr Balph, correspondent, and Mr Levett, member of the board of advice, were also on the ground, and made their presence agreeably felt. The picnic was followed by a concert and ball in the schoolroom in the evening, with Mr Balph as chairman. The building was far too small for the number of persons present. The consequence was that the room was disagreeably crammed. The following ladies and gentlemen kindly gave their services gratuitously, viz., Mrs Ewins, Miwa Lees, Miss Matbeson, Messrs Armour, Davis, Bayley, Darling, and Sutherland, who, with the aid of a local company of Christy minstrels, gave a capital rendering of the following programme: —"Farmer's boy," Mr H. Bayley; "Woodman spare that tree," Mr Armour; " Write me a letter from home." Mrs Ewins; "Gipsy Countess," duet, Mr Armour and Miss Lees; comic song, Mr B. Eaton; " Te banks and braes of bonny < Doob," Miss Matheson; ( Dinah, dear me," Mr D. Sutherland ; " Hun ting tower," duet, Air Armour and Mies Matheson; " Mageie's secret," Miss Lees; " Biddy M'Gee," Mr. H. Bayley; " The larboard watch," duet, Mr Armour and Mfru Lees; "Bonny hills of Scotland," Mr Armour. The usual vote of thanks to the singers and chairan brought the proceedings to a close. An attempt is beiog made at Clunes to arrange for providing a good permanent recreation ground for fetes, picnics, matches, &c.; Hitherto the use of the paddock has been bjndly granted by Messrs Lane, Whyte, and M'Donald, proprietors of the Clunes station; but it is rather far away, and may not always be available. A meetiog was held at the free library on Tuesday evening, when twelve members of the fete association and fourteen of the cricket dub conferred on die subject, and a committee was appointed to canvass the town for subscriptions and bring up a report of suggestions to a future meeting. We are requested to draw the attention of intending purchasers to the fact that the auction sale of the Glut saw-mills, Mount Cole, advertised to take place to-morrow by Mr Claxton, at Beaufort, is unavoidably postponed for one week. It will be seen by our advertising columns that Mr Steve Shrimpton bas reopened the Victorian hotel, Armstrong street, where be hopes to receive a fair share of patronage from both the local and travelling public. We have receired from a lady 5s for the sufferers by the bush-fires. The postponed meeting, in connection with the Mining Board election, will be held at the Reform hotel, Haddon, next Saturday evening, at eight o'clock. A meeting of the St Patrick's Day fete committee will be held this evening at eight o'clock. The Sebastopol Church of England, and the Mount Pleasant Wesleyau Church Sunday schools held a joint picnic at the Botanical Gardens yesterday, at which about 300 children, with their parents and teachers, were present. The annual meeting of. the Protestant Mutual Benefit Society will be held at the Buck's Head hotel, this evening, at eight o'clock. Tbe annual picnic of the Town Mission children and friends will take place in the Botanic Gardens to-day. A meeting of the creditors in Mr Charles Peer's estate is convened for this evening, at the Camp hoteL Sturt street, at eight o'clock. A public meeting will be held this evening at Elaine, for the purpose of urging upon the local commissioners the necessity of taking the water supply to the Australasian dam. The list of Mr Gribhle's meetings, in connection with the Mining Board election, will be found published in our advertising columns this morning. The first one will be held at Miller's hotel, Scarsdale, this evening, at eight o'clock. Tbe annual meeting of the Btliarat Commercial Club will be held at eight o'clock this evening. Mr H'Donell, one of the candidates for Mining Board honors, will address the miners and others, at Hall's hotel, Snake Valley, next Friday evening at eight o'clock. Mr Cooke sold by auction yesterday Mr F, Stephenson's house and ground, Lyons street. Mr George was the purchaser, the price pud beiog £160. Farrell's assembly ball will be held in the Alfred Hall this evening. It Is announced in our advertising columns this morning that a peem by Mr J. W. Mills, of Soldiers' Hill, entitled * ( A Vision on Lake Wendouree," will be published nest Tuesday, and can be had on and after that date of all Ballarat booksellers at 6d a copy. We have received the Australasian Sketcher for the current month. The illustrations are of a .varied character, and the reading matter, as usual of an interesting nature. We are pleased to notice by the Gtdong Advertiser that the town council there has decided to pnrchase the bust of the late Dr Alexander Thompson, the first mayor of .Geelong, and tbe first parliamentary representative of tbe Western district of Victoria in the New South Wales Legislature, before separation." Tbe bust, which is the private property of the Geeloog town clerk, was executed by the late Mr Summers, sculptor, and is a remarkably true likeness of one of Victoria's most prominent pioneers. The purchasemoney will be raised by public subscription, and a committee of the Town Council of Geelonp, including the mayor, wiU gladly receive donations towards the object in view. A large fire (says the Age) occurred in Warrnambool at twelve o'clock on Monday night, destroying the shops of Charles Cramer, draper, D. Clarke, photographer, end R. Johnson, bootseller. The buildings were all of wood, and the stocks are a total loss. Adjoining -shops, belonging to W. Davies, bookseller, and G. Wood, grocer, being of atone, were eaved by the exertions of the fire brigade. Hie cause of the fire is unknown. Cramer is insured for £4500, aod Johnson for £700. Clarke is uninsured. The offices affected are the Standard, Britannia, British, Victoria, Imperial and others. Considerable injury was done te the premises and stocks of tbe adjoining shops. The splendid run of Moaday does sot appear to have extended to Belfast A telegram Iron that town on Tuesday pubtisbed in the Age says £ —" The buifa-fire which Tuls been raging for two days on Ritchie's Aringa run, near here, assumed formidable' dimensions on Tuesday afternoon, and swept everything before it. The preserved 'paddocks were two feet high in grass. A woolshed and slaughterhouse were burnt down, and fences; alio many posts on the Portland telegraph line. The fire, by a shift of wind, readied the runs of B. E, Unkles and J. Meagher, and is now still raging. The fire has reached Aringa old State schoolhouse and burfrt it down, and all tbe fences and grass in the vicinity. Many people have gone out to help to subdue the fire, but tbe grass being very long there is no hope of checking it without a change of wind. A terrific clap of thunder at four o'clock only resulted in a few drops of rain. Tbe thermometer is 104 deg. in the shade. The town is enveloped in smoke. Two of the party, whilst endeavoring to put out tbe fire at Ariogs woolshed, had to jump into the swamp to save their The Arous says that tie only surviving daughter of Mr M. L. King, M.L.A., died suddenly on Tuesday from apoplexy. The Age understands that all the principal banks in Melbourne on Tuesday morning received a communication marked "'private"" from Mr Superintendent Winch., intimating that information of s reliable character had been received by the police which led them to believe that the Kelly gang meditated an attack on one or more of tbe suburban banks; and the communication went on to express a wish that the banks wonld make such arrangements as would defeat any atterapt of the kind that might be made. Thus it appears that at the very moment the Keliys were in pos~ sion of Jerilderie the police actually were expecting them to visit Melbourne! The Oedong Advertiser says:—" Mt Tully soW« on Tuesday, by public auction, 6J eores of Iandr with the improvements erected thereon* at Moolap^ The price realised was £178, which is-considered •very satisfactory." The diamond drill (says the Sandhurst correspondent of the Argus) has again come to grief. The bore on Monday was put down to a depth of 244 feet & inches, and the work was proceeded with in a very satisfactory manner on Tuesday, until the men were about to leave off, a depth of 19 feet 6 inches being bored, making the total depth 264 feet. About four o'clock the gentleman in charge of the drill—Mr Newman, who is a very competent engineer—noticed that something had gone wrong with the drill, and on lifting the rods it was found that tbe "bit "piece, in which the diamonds are fitted, bad become disconnected from the core barrel, and remained at the bottom of the bore. The Accident is a very vexatious one, occurring as it has done just as it was thought the drill was fairly set for a good spell of uninterrupted work after a long suspension of operations, but it seems that Mr Newman is not to blame for the accident, which was caused through the thread by which the bit-piece and core-barrel were screwed together having worn away. Mr Newman hopes to be able to have matters right in & few days. 