AT MOUNT GILEAD. (From the Town and Country Journal) I do most thoroughly enjoy a visit, if ever so hurried, to Mount Gilead, where I find myself among the kind friends, not only of to-day, but of nigh thirty years agone, and revive recollections of olden time, before My beard was as white as the foam on the sea :: and I was glad of a chance to spend two or three hours there at the close of last week. I'd been promising myself a look among the pure-breds there for some time; but, having for some weeks past been suffering woundily from some mal aux pieds, which so perfectly defied diagnosis as to well merit the name of mal and diable, my promise very nearly went to increase the number of those tra- ditional paving-stones we read of; and I began to think I should not see the show stock before they took their places in the Alfred Park stalls. -Iowever, lhappening onso day to Ihobble upstairs into thle Bonu Frauklin printilng office of Beard, in George-streot, where the horse and cattle, and all otier isis are in the habit of ihaving their show and sale catalogues " got up," I found in course of getting ready a catalogue of horned cattle which iMr. Woodlhouse has for saile next week; and being thus remiided of my duty I determined to go if 'tvero within the bounds of possibility. It turised out to be so, anid having arrived at my destilnation by noon on Saturday, I fomsd myself, after shaking ihands with tihe ladies and refresh ing the inner man, in thle cattle-boxes, which, though well known, alwaLys seem to have undergone some improvement since last soeen. IHere I found aI son anc d two daughters of Second Dukio of Alvie, uin fortunately the only three of tlcat bull's stock MIr. Woodihouse has,; and I ad visedIy say unfortuncately, Ibecause the trio are so good. Tihe bull is Royal Brnsiwick, a red roan, calved on tihe 18th January, 1878, whoso dam is Lady Brunswicki, by the wonderfully successful sire Duke of B3runswick, so fimed for thie excellence of his progeny; and her dam was Letitia 5tih, by thie Beau. There's no doubt about this being one of ti?he grandest families kuowc to colonial cattlemen; and this Royal Brunus wick cannot be too higlhly vlued as a stud bull. He will be at the show next weeolik, and Mr. Want advertises him for sale, but as Mr. Woodhouse has no other bull to tlake his place, I shouldn't tlhink he will give this well-bred one awSay. Thie first of thle lheifers I loolkecd at was Pet's Alvie, ai red, calved on the 15th of December, 1877; and she is from that grand old dam, Pet 2nd, whose last calf she was. Tlhis is a beautifiul hIeifer, as indeed she ought to be, seeing that Pet 2tdh was tice dam of ILnperial Purpile ith, one of the best sires ever bred in Australiac, as tile people of Quoeecnslad thiink, nwho rejoice in possessing his champion son, Royal Purple 1st. Next comes a beautiful roan heifor, iMary Anne t18th, from Mliry Anne 12th, who was by the Ninth Imperial, and this lady is fulil of quality, very level, with fine under and over lines, capital hack and loin, and grand spring of tie rib. See uing the two heifers together walking in tie yard one hardly kcnows which to like best, both being so good. They are very tllickle through, excellent Ihandlers, having properly aristocratio heads and hiorns, and will bear pulling to pieces. In the show however they will have tihe disadvantago of being pitted againsot older heifers tihan tlhemselves, but doubtless tie jud es will makce proper allowanuces for tlhis. The catalogue tells that these are the first of 2nd Diuke of Alvio's stocke offered hero for sale, except a calf bought by MIr. George Lee at tihe Mount Gilead sale, very cheplc at £11)0. In thie Windmill Paddlockc was one of thie grandost hIeifers I've seen for many a lday, by tihe old champion 9th Imperial, from tihe imported Princess Helena2nd; and without a doubt she's a worthy representative of a splendid firmily. Her name is Princess Helecna tll, a light roan, calved August 22, 1877; and iMr. Woodhouse fortunately sent her to 5itll Duke of Brucnswick before that celebrated sire joicned the majority. This is a real beauty (her owner thinkls her the best ever bred at Mount Gilead), Iand whCether for quality, syminetry, shape, chalracter, or true shorthorn type, sho's very hard to matchl. Tue most unflinchling apostle of hair and skin couldn't wish to ihandle acn thing more lovely than this. With this hIeifer was Mary Annt 14th, who has also visited 5th Dukle of IBrunswickl, and she is by Royal Purple 1st, the Now South Wales and Queensland clampion of 1876. She was calved January 8, 1877, and her dam Mary Anne 12th is also the dam of Mary Anno 16th, already described. This is all. Purple, hlier sire and dam being both by tihe grand old Ninth. I didn't see thie demon bull, Nobleman 1st, lwho with the five short horns I've mentioned is going dlown for show and sale; but lie is by tihe first prize bull Nobleman, son of Duke of Flitton ,th, said to be tihe best all-red ever brought to Australia, iand I must say I think thie Mount Gilead stud herd will be well represented at the show on thei 21st. MIr. Woodhouse's late importations con sist of two shorthorn bulls and two ditto cows but as it's only a few weeks back that I gave a full description of them and their pedigrees, I have not now much to say about them. The bulls, Hyperion and Hyperides, are father and son ; the former, a live-year-old Booth, hIaving been used with great success in first-class stud herds in Northlumnbcerland, and they will both bear insliection. They arrived here in very low condition, but having done well during their quarantining, they have wonderfully improved. I likte tihe big bull (Hyperion), and some excellent judges whso have seen him lately give me a first-class opinion of him. IHe is a good roan, and his son is whiste. This young lwhite bull, Hyperides, is from Miss Fox, a beautiful velits cow thait came out withl him also; anid thus intending buyers have the great desideratun of seeing both his sire and dam. Miss Fox is an almost pure Booth, tlhat is, she is from a 13ootlh foundation, with Bates upon that, and tie Booth again uponr tihe Bates; and I think people will like her well. She hais it her foot a wlhite bull calf by Hyperion. Thle fourth of these itmportations is Peeress 7th, ia nearly pure liBates roan cow; aud of her I need only say that slhe's been much admired since hier arrival. 'Having transgressed somewhat to notice thbse imported animals, I must hark back to Mount Gilead, where the next thing I have to tell you of are tlhe new ,iggcries, which hlave jus-t been completed aclt a, cost of solu. :!)d0. iFroi the cel-brity gaicueil by his hogs throsghout Au-h-trlia, from Car pentaria souithcariirds, tict 2luOuuct (-iladl squire may cerhtinly lay claim ta lie the greatest " piggist " we haw:V, and tliercforo it's only rigilt, lie should Ihave the best ar ranged piggerics, which I ibeclieve is tlhe case, for I've seen none like tllhem. They are planlced on a pecrfectly new principle, comprising cleanliness, ventilation, .nld com fort, with economy in tlie saving of fodder and labor, and accumulation of macnure, and so well are they arranged tlhat I declaro positively I could not ]Iaive told from the existence of the slightest effluvium that I was anywhere cear a piggery, let alone in the midst of improved Bcrkshlires and Poland C(llinas. Those piggeries are built on the hlill-side, the stycs being backl to back with a drafting liano between them, into wlich eachl stye opens with a sliding door, raised by I puslley, ail achcl stLye hals its own exercising yard. Thie waiter is fed to the hogs from tihe drafting-lane, tihe green stuff from drays into tlhe yards; and at tlhe lower elnd of thile draflting-lano are folding doors, wlich may be Ikecpt closed in rainy weithler, and when open drays can be backed up to the opening to receive the hog-coops from the lanc, whlich is thlere on a level with tile dray. Suchll are tic piggeries, which, by-the-by, are roofed with corrugated iron. Andl now a word about their inmates. Amenron them I saw the Poland-China pig.s, nlot lonlg since inl quaran tine; anid these are I ioliove the first of the kind bIrouglit here; ,ut as I intend in a week or two to publish some particulars of this finlle brreed of logs, I shall say little of them hIlere, filrtlher than thaLt thlley grow to great weigllht, are wondlerfully fleshy, and with very little oftll; and Mfr. Woodhouse tells mie tlhey consuilme far less food tllhan his fivorite BerkslCires either lonig- bodied or imlprovcd. Apostles of these very thrifty animals will lhave an inltroduction to the magic or Polaud-China hlogs at thile show, and cdiu lhardly hIelp liltingl tlhem. The demanid for Mount Gilead pigs is so large that thile suplply is icunequIal to it at present; and Mr. \Voodllhouse is expecting by tlhe next mail from America some of tlhe im proved Essex, wlhich I fancy are a white breed. After dicnner I ihad a look at my little Exmorec friend, Sir Thomas, whoile is looking excellently well; and with a couple of fillies, will represent his nmistress at tie show. HIc's a great plum, and should be muchl sought after nexst season by pony brclders, as no doublt he will. I was wc-ll pleasedl to see thie pllee look ing very well--better thlan I ever found it before a?t this season, and all the stole are ic great order. Tihe deer look contented and ornimeuntal, evidently rejoicing luclhly at ihaving escaped tihe absolute st:lrvation that was laid out for them at Parramlatta, and they iihaving with tceom now in tlieir parlk a BIrahmini l bull, cow, and calf, which form an interesting addition to thie Mount Gilead curios. In the road paddock thie grass is Ilxucrious enough for anytlhing, and here flourish tile pure stud hIcrd of Devon cattle, whlich may well be dignigied withl til title of pure oleynolds. They are a good, useful lot; and their ocwner, mli/rqe his pen chantl for tie gigantic beeves of Bates andii Booth, has ait least a sneaking regard for tihe call-reds. I left Mount Gilead withl regret, too soon, having to catch the afternoon train. CLYDIESDALI. A young lady Ils written a bookl calledil My Lovers. It begins of course at Clhp. I. A Columbus man says hlie staated thirty years ago to male 1,400,000. Ha has got the fourteen; but tlhe ciphers bother him. Anothler stabbing case occurred at the JikaReformatory on Tuesdaiy afternoon. A nuiubor of tlhe boys were at worke in tlhe gardon in clange of instrctors Kenny and Gordon, wccn the former had his attention diverted from where a number of the boys were stancding. All at:once two of the boys armed with pitcelforlks, rusheld at another boy, cciockled him down, anid commenceed sticling him about the body. Instructors Keinny and Gordoi, lwho heard tihe screams of tile boy, rushed to his assistance, and secured tice two young rcffiians. Dr. Falliner, the medical oflicer, was sent for, and Ico dressedil tie boy's wounds. The lad is not considered to be in danger, buti he ihas seve ral nasty jagged wounds about the body. Australasian, Mclbournce. PoprnaLl EIuccois.--To think that the more a mnan eats, tile fatter and strongerhe will become. To believe that the moreo hours chlildren study, the faster they will learn. To conclude thatt if exereise is good tie more violent it is thie more good is done. To imagine that every ilour takenc from sleep is an houcr gained. To eat on thie cpresumpltion tihat tie smallest room in the hiouse is laCrge eCnoughl to sleep in. To argue tuat whlatever remedy causes one to feel immediately better is good for the sys tem, without regard to ulterior cffcets. To eat withlout an apipetite, or to continue to eat after it has been satisfied, merely to gratify the taste. To eat a hearty supper for the pleasure experienced during the brief time it is passing down the throat, at thioe. expense of a wholo night of disturbed sleeop and a night of weary waking in the morn ing.-- Witness. A human skeleton, supposed tobe that of a woman, has been found in Mr. Wriglht's paddock, Nuncawading, uamongst the ddbris of a bush-fire, which destroyed a qcuantity of scrub at the aibove locality about a wcck since. It was at first surmised tlhat this discovery might throw some light upon tlheo fate of tihe missing Mrs. I,'arrell, but it is now thloughlt tihat the remains are those of a woman named Eliza Madden, who was formerly an inmate of tile Kcw asylum, aind escaped from tlhat institution in Marclh, 1878, never having since bce-n heard of. A portion of thie clotlhing found witic the bocnes has been identified by tihe oficiuls of tihe asylnum as having been worn by thle missing " A ays pay an you go," said an old man to his nephew.--" But, uncle, suppose I haven't anything to pay with."-" Then don't go." No matter if a cmani does say hie wants to Ie aci augel, it is ialways safe to ihave the name of a good iludorser on the back of his note. 