THE prospects of agriculturists and breeders of etock are certainly not very bright this season, : owing to the protracted drought; bnt still with good farming, proper management, and especially the early sowing of grain crops where practicable, the difficulties may be got over, and even yet favourable enongh weather may set in, to bring about a plentiful harvest. This year there has been a great falling off in the yield of grain, especially in some of the newly settled districts up country, and particularly on the Loddon and Goulburn, not merely in consequence of this having been the driest and severest season ever experienced perhaps by farmers in this colony, but owing also to red rust, smut, and other injurious agencies affecting the wheat crops; which in many instances was so deficient, that it would scarcely pay for harvesting. In the Kyneton district matters were not so bad, and in several other parts of the colony there was a fair yield of cereals ; eo that in breadstufis, at any rate, the harvest was on the whole not very deficient. The supplies of wheat and flour already forwarded to Melbourne give conclusive proof on this point; but it must be borne in mind, at the same time, that a much larger area of ground was under wheat throughout the colonythis year, than ever was before, so that the produce per acre after all was in most instances considerably under the average. Another thing, too, is to be considered,—there are more facilities now for sending on wheat and flour to Melbourne, than hitherto, owing to the extension of railways, and the starting of new flour mills, in several of the lately settled districts. At any rate for the past twelve weeks, there an increase of 60,660 bags of wheat a? 1^. flour forwarded by rail to Melbourne, ov? r the quantity sent during the same p'^od kst year, there being 225,564 bags w wheat transmitted, and 36,983 of flour, ihl a season. This is the largest quantity ever eeut-down. Seven years ago, the returns were only 4,470 bags of wheat and 1,191 of flour. The highest prices however touched, we learn by latest accounts, for wheat, even for seed, when sold in large quantities by auction, were a shade under fire shillings per bushel, and fur oats, a trifle less than four. Still there is a good demand in the import market for breadstuffs, and farmers who hold on a little may realise better prices, when the supplies begin to lessen; for assuredly we will not have a veiy large quantity of wheat this year on hand for export purposes in this colony. Notwithstanding the very dry weather, and the partial failure in several localities of this year's crops, a great breadth of land will be sown next season, and larger quantities of both wheat and oats will be required in the colony for seed ; and even some will be needed for transmission over the border, in fiiverina. AVe see by last advices from England, that the wheat harvest in the United Kingdom has yielded close on 27 bushels to the acre, still, to meet the requirements of the large population of millions, allowing bushels per head for each person, and a million quarters for seed, the mother country, notwithstanding its own produce of 23J million quarters of wheat, would have to import 13 million quarters additional. This want or demand mil continue to increase yearly, and with good prices a thriving trade may, in a short time, grow up in breadstuffs, exported from Australia to England, especially as the supplies from America are not so great ox late, and difficulties, through quarantine regulations, and otherwise, are being throws in the way—latterly, of obtaining wheat or flour from Russia. Altogether, then, our farmers may hope to obtain better prices for their gram in future years. In regard to stock-breeding, there is little doubt that: under skilful and judicious management, it will continue to be profitable jin this country, especially when Case h taken to improve the breeds, and whe2 fl proper system of farming is adopted In elder settled districts,, by laying down fro!? time to time portions of holdings, of even limited size, in English grasses. What we would wish to impress on our farmers at present, is the desirability of sowing their grain cropB early, and whilst the ground iB dry. In the natural order of things, rain cannot be far off, and it would be well to have the seed in the soil, even though the earth be. very dry, in time to be benefitted by the first showers that fall. In several portions of the, Kyneton district, there is always a y sufficiency of moisture in the ground to BOW in the driest weather with advantage ; and this coining season, there is certainly 1 very little likelihood of such heavy -downfalls of rain, ae would . sodden the ground or etarre out the young crop, especially, if it braird at" jpt 'mfcjfa-: - fc-pwpfewf eed wheat for sowing, in order to uard against smut, &e.;, a dressing of. luestone iafonnd by many farmers of great; experience, and skill in such matters, to be. the safest and best remedy. On an average a pound of bluestone made into a solution will be sufficient for dresssing a bag, of seed wheat, though some even think a pound and a half little enough, but that ought to be the extreme quantity used. Ail agricultural contemporary states, and we think very correctly, that the best way to pickle the seed is to fill a tub or cask with the bluestone solution, and then rat, say two bushels of wheat in a iran or gunny bag, dip it in the vessel, and let it remain, not longer than from one to two minutes, by which time all the grains will get wet; then lift it out oE the liquid, and let it drain for a few minutes on a crossbar, at the toD of the vessel. After this, the grain, should at once be emptied into dry bags, and immediately sown; or else if it have to be kept for some time,let it be spread out and properly dried in cloth. It will, when thus pickled, keep as safe in the soil till the rain, comes, as if it were in a bag; but if soaked long in the blue stone water, it will germinate, or sprout at once, and in case of no moisture in the ground it will lose all its strength, and die out. Care should be taken to sow none but sound seed, for smutty and defective grain cannot be depended upon, no matter how carefully dressed with bine stone pickle, or any other remedy, either to produce a healthy braird, or the germs of rich grain. We have gone into these details, at some length, knowing that there is the greatest necessity on the part of our farmers to be particular in the sowing of the seed, in order to ensure, as far as possible, its germination at the pro per time to produce a healthy growth. Most of our experienced agriculturalists need no instructions on this point; but there are still numbers of farmers to whom such information may be useful; and others are rather careless or inattentive, in reference to a subject of the utmost importance to the agriculturist of the seed for wheat crops, and the early sowing of grain in a dry soil—matters that cannot too forcibly, or frequently, be pressed on their attention. A dreadful accident, which shows still further the necessity of keeping young children from the vicinity of hoises, occurred on Saturday to a youth named Daniel Greene, aged six years, at his parents' residence, Jennings-street, near the Kyneton Show Yards. It will be remembered by our readers that the lad was knockeddownandhada narrow escape from being seriously injured by a cab, coining from the races on the I8th ult. He had qoite recovered from the effects of that mishap, and on Sunday last, his father had hired a horse from Mr J. Tyson, of Kyneton, which, while waiting use, was left in the yard. Young Greene unobserved by anyone went into the yard, and suddenly his mother's attention was aroused by hearing him screaming loudly. On going into the yard she found him near the horse with his head covered with blood. He was at once removed to the Hospital when it was found that his skull was veiy severely fractured. A thick piece of bone about an inch long was protruding from the centre of his forehead and to be removed. He has been perfectly conscious since the accident and answers all questions readily, but whether this augurs good or otherwise remains to be seen. Dr Duncan describeshis state as being most critical. A misoonception on the part of the Melbourne telegraph operators, of the contents of a telegram forwarded from Kyneton, occurred on Friday last, which as events turned out, was a subject of amusement, but which if the telegram had been as conveyed, would have been quite a different matter. Mr Robert Kelleher, barrister-at-law, of Melbourne, had been engaged at the police court in the case of Rogers v. Doolan, and as he had made arrangements to stop till next day with Mrs Coulson of the Commercial Hotel, to whom he is related, he sent a telegram to his friends in Melbourne that he was " kept to-day, down to-morrow", but what was the astonishment and grief of his friends to receive a telegram stating that he was " killed, body down to-morrow" signed by himself. The" news spread quickly amongst his legal and other friends, bnt on telegraphing for particulars to Kyneton the mistake was revealed. The idea of a man signing the notification of his own death is rather ludicrous. When it became known that Constable C. Wilsoncroft was about to be removed from Tylden to another and better position, a number of his friends in the district determined to present him with a token of their esteem. This took the form of a veiynieetestimonial, numerously signed by the leading men and J's.P. in the district, a copy of which may be seen in our advertising columns. A meeting was held at the Presbyterian Manse for the purpose of presenting it Mr T. A. 13wing presided, and in a few well chosen words expressive of regret at parting with Mr Wilsonoraf t, presentedTiim with the testimonial. Mr Wilsoncroft feelingly responded and expressed his thanks for thismark of friendship and esteem. Yesterday evening a bootmaker named Patrick Mnrphy, living in Epping-street, left his house for a short time, apparently leaving everything secure. Shortly afterwards a neighbonr, Mrs Sogers, smelt something like burning rags, and, on the neighbour's attention being called, it was found that a number of rags in a corner of the front room were on fire. They were rapidly extinguished, and no further damage was done. It is not known how the fire occurred, as Murphy left no fire of any sort in the place. It the fire had not been discovered so early, the result could not but have* been serious, as all the neighboring honses are of wood. Ahout five o'clock yesterday evening, after a vet T c ' Me anl * oppressive day, the weather br^6 «"><* wo with a few light showers, very welcome in the present - affairs. As we write, there is every ap pearances of a continuance of the rain, and it is to be hoped that we will have a few days of it. A nasty accident happened to a splitter named Samuel Saddington while splitting in the forest near Macedon yesterday. When cutting some telegraph poles the axe slipped and cutting through his boot made a severe gash along tiie side of his foot from the toes towards ' the . heel. Hastily bandaging his foot in his shirt he bad to walk home a distance of two miles, and was at once conveyed to the Kyneton Hospital, where he received every attention. \- A certificate of discharge was granted to GeorgeJEd wards, Fountain, of Glenlyon, 3>r Duncan having taken up his quarters at the Hospital, advertises in another column the places and houra at which he may be consulted by his numerous private patients. On Saturday morning, at the Police Court, before Mr Weigall, J.P., Dennis Ryan was charged by Constable Steele ffith being drunk and disorderly, and also with resisting the police in the execution of their duty while arresting him. For the first offence he was fined 5s, and for the second 10s, in default forty-eight honrs'imprisonment. Amid the general cry of duluess in business arises one upon which we may rather congratulate ourselves, that is, dul- ness in police business. Since the beginning of the year only ninety-one police cases have been before.the courts, whilst in the corresponding period of last year, over one hundred and twenty cases were heard. _ In consequence of the Easter Hobdays, the meeting of the Shire Councd which should take place on Saturday next, has been postponed, and will be held on the following Saturday. , , - ,, A concert in aid of the funds of the Kyneton Hospital will be held at Newham to-morrow night, when a capital programme will be presented. It is hoped that there will be a Urge attendance, as there are a great many calls on the funds of the Institution, the wards at present being very fulL The annual meeting of the^-Launston Hurling Club was held at the OddfeUows Hall on Saturday evening last, the business being the reception of the report and balance-sheet, and the election of office- bearers for the "ensuing year. Considerable interest was taken in the proceedings, nr fewer than fifty persons being present In the absence of the President, through illness, Mr R. Perrett was voted to the chair. Messrs C. Young M.L.A., VV. Braithwaite, G. W. Johnson J.P., John Stringer J.P., and J. J. Courtney, were elected patrons of the club. The foUow ine office-bearers were elected :—fresi dent Mr W. Braithwaite -, Vice President, Mr W. SmithwickSec. andTreas surer, Mr E. O'Connor Captain; Mr W. Smithwick ; Vice- Captam Mr \- Committee, Messrs Thomas sen T Soper, J. CosteUo, H. Wilkmson t**-^ ^ - ook Ł Perrett) Ives, G Robin & Smith and Thos. CosteUo, \V „ * MlCrae H. J. F. Keating. Messrs jj.. , j c ve3 Cook, J. Barry, S. Smith, anu ' were elected new members of thę ciu^ The meeting then closed. The only case for hearing at the Malmsbury Police Court yesterday, was that of R. Perrett v. John Troy, for £5 3s 6d, goods sold and delivered in which an order was given for the amount, with 5s costs. It is understood that the Lands Department will not be in a position to throw the laud at Mount Macedon open for selection for nearly five weeks. A man named William Stewart was found by Constable Cummins yesterday iu Mollison-street iu a sttte of drunkenness. He «-as arrested, and will be brought up before the court this morning. A most remarkable case came under the notice of the City Bench yesterday morning, when two young lads of highly respectable appearance, named Henry Yoxon and Frederick Yoxon, aged 13 and 12 respectively, were charged with stealiug a sum of £31, the property of their father. Sergeant Madden stated that, from information conveyed to him, he yesterday morning went to the Albion Restauraunt, where he arrested the boys, they having slept there that night. He found with them a carpet bag, in which was a quantity of wearing apparel of their own, and £30 in notes. Iu the pocket of the elder boy was a soverięn. The father, examined, stated that he and his wife went to church on Sunday night, and when they returned, the boys had left home, and on a piece of paper left in the hall, he found the following:— " Dear father and mother, we are sorry to leave you, bnt you're kept us in BO long at night that we must go—Good bye." The boys' general character was good ; they were quiet and harmless, and he never had had occasion to chastise them. They did not read anything but books from the Sunday school library, s.nd he oould not understand what had put it into their heads to run away. Sub- inspector Lamer said that they evidently wished to change their literary diet, as one of them had now a newspaper in his pocket. Mr Panton asked the boys what they intended to do when they left homeland the older one replied To go to GippBland. 1 ' Mr Panton inquired who had told them about Gippsland, but neither replied. The magistrate then said that the bench would let them off this time, but if they ever offended again they would have a very severe punishment meted out to them. Two pears were shown at the Mount • Alexander Mail office on Saturday from the garden of Mr James Jenkin, of Steel Gully, Chewton, the one weighing 2lb 9oz, the other 2lb 4oz. These were not the largest on the tree, from which they were pulled, there being some others on it that will turn the scale at 31b. Such weighty fruit is too much for the tree to support, so it becomes necessary to pull of many pears before being ripe. They are of a winter sort, used in baking. If the present state of things continues, paterfamilias will probably find a rise in the price of potatoes next season. The district of Lancefield, from which a large portion of onr supplies come, has been visited by some sharp frosts recently, and these, together with the long-continued drought, have affected the potato crops daanagingly. At Mansfield, on Friday night, Mr E. Monk reeeived another threatening letter, this being the third.' It was written on a page and a half of bote paper, in a clear bold hand, a hearing and Melbourne post mark. The letter commenced by calling .Mr Monk most Bbusive and vile names. The writer threatens that he will follow the track of Mr Monk with a revolver, and that he may expect him in Mansfield shortly. The writer says his motive ior doing this is because Monk has turned against the Kellys. The letter abounds in the vilest and filthiest expressions, but is written in a good hand, grammatically and correctly spelt. On Friday last, Mr Alexander Grant MTnty re, son of Mr J. M'lntyre. ML. A, of Sandhurst, was admitted to practice as barrister of the Supreme Court. Although not 23 years old, Mr M'lntyre, it *" Łe remembered, is already a barris- *™«er Temple, having been I * tf' """"bar jn November called to the Engm.~ ' - -.fcridm last He is also a B.A.: of Uau.. ntia « e i where he passed a first-class special. 1 understand that Mr M'lntyre is the first native of the Bendigo district who has gained the distinction which has fallen to his, lot, and the fact whilst it augurs well for his future success, is "also a gratifying evidence of the ability of the youth of. Australia to come to the front in . contests 'where skill depends on the culture of the mind< as well, as in those where strengthand activity are concerned. As Mr Mintyre has not . l»een in the colony long enough ; to entitle him to final admission, he w«» »dmitted until the end At the conclusion of the .inquiry into the origin of the fire in "Best's house_on Friday, at a late hour in the evening Detective Duncan arrested one of the witnesses on a charge of perjury. .On Saturday the prisoner, Richard Bowman, was brought before the court and remanded for a week. _ , The Argus states that on Thursday last a strange fish waB caught at Williamstown, and sent to this office. From its size—about 10in. in length—and from the fact that it was perfectly unknown to the most experienced anglers, it was thought that it might be one of the young Californian salmon placed in the Yarra last year by Sir Samuel Wilson. The fish was submitted to Professor M'Coy, who resS cognises it as belonging to a rare species, but quite distinct from the salmon family. We have been favored by Professor M'Coy with the following report:—"I have examined the fish winch your reporter brought me, and concerning which itrTreale, on the part of Captain Payne, inspector of fisheries, called this morning before I had seen it to inquire as to the truth of the rumour that it was one of the Californiau salmon placed in so many of our rivers by Sir Samuel Wilson, now come down to sea. It does not belong to the same family or even order of fish as aDy of the salmon, but is an acanthoptorygius fish of the same genus as that popularly called Australian whiting. It is a rare specieB, of which I have only seen one example before, although Cuvier and Valencienness described it in their Histoirc Naturelle des Pohsons as far back as 1830, under the name which it still bears of Sillago Bassensis, from having een found by die earlier French, voyager n Western Port Bay. A figure and desription of the species wiii appear shortly n the Decades of the Natural History of Victoria.. A bigamy case presenting features of a somewhat unusual character came under the notice of the city Police Court on Saturday. James Williams, who recently held some little property at Wilcannia, New South Wales, was charged with having committed bigamy by marrying one Henrietta Morrisby, his first wife, Sarah Ann Anderson, alias Esther Mo9s, being still alive. It appeared that the prisoner was married to the latter in Ł&unceston;, Tasmania, in the year 1874. They lived together for about 14 days, and then the prisoner left her, and she saw no more of him until recently when she saw him in company with the se- ~»nd wife in a restaurant in JJourke- "'he accused was married to street. - Wilcannia on the Henrietta Morrio^ xaxt dav he 25th February last. The .. \- t-ng, sold his property, and came to Melbou.. where a few days afterwards he fell in with the wife he had deserted. He endeavoured to make a compromise with her by offering her £300 to leave him alone ; but they did not come to terms, and ultimately both the women gave him into custody, and as he admitted that he had married them both, Constable Sc?nnell arrested him. A remand for seven dayB was granted, in order to give time for the production of the necessary technical evidence. Neither of the women appeared to be at all concerned at the position in which they had been placed, but rather seemed to think the matter a subject for merriment. Speaking of the Alligator and Cracodile a Melbourne contemporary observes These hideous and dangerous reptiles, whose presence iu any country, and especially in thinly- populated lands like Queensland and .Northern Australia, is anything but desirable, are at last tamed to account after death, if while living they are worse than profitless. Their thick tough skins will, if properly prepared make excellent leather : and shooting and fishing boots, to say nothing of various ornamental articles, where the curious grain of the material isconsiidered an addition to their novelty if not to their beauty, are being made from leather derived from this source. The material is very thick and substantial, but possesses considerable suppleness if well manufactured ; the large irregular markings give it a peculiar appearance which at once discloses its origin. For such articles as portmanteaux, where durability is required more than lightness or softness, or for the driving bands of machinety, alligator leather seems well adapted ; and if a continued supply could be relied upon, it would no doubt find a ready market. Our friends in North Australia and in New Guinea, or in Burmah and the East India, may one day find a profitable opening for the now worthless hides of the monsters they shoot merely for sport, or which they are obliged to slay in self-defence. Mr Longmore has lost no time in carrying out his intention to provide that new new leases of selections shall contain a provision against assignment or transfers by operation of law. The Gazette of Friday night contains consolidated and amended regulations under the Land Act 1869\. "The new regulation, however, is that relating to transfer or mortgage of leaseholds, and which is as follows:— " No assignment or transfer, whether by operation of law or otherwise, of a leasehold estate demised under section 20 of the Land Act, 1869, shall have any effect or validity whatsoever, unless and until the Governor, acting by and with the ad viae of the Executive Council sanction the fsame ; and further, until the same be registered in the office of Crown lands, andaU such instruments. as aforesaid shall have and take priority, not according to their respective dates, but according to the priority of the registration thereof." The legality of this will probably be tested at some future time, but that it cannot apply to seleatiom already taken up, but for which leased have not yet been issued, is shown by the first clause in the preliminary chapter, which is as foliom ? —" Except as to all matters done, 'rights acquired, and obligations incurred thereunder, and except as hereinafter provided, all the rales, regulations, and orders nnder the Land Act 1869, specified in schedule 1 hereto, are hereby rescinded, being consolidated and amended herein." The present selectors have certainly "acquired the right" to have a lease granted without the objectible clause, which, therefore, even If legal, can hardly be operative for some years to come. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has received a cablegram from Mr Berry, in which the Chief Secretary intimates that another interview between Sir Michael Hicks- Beach and the Embassy will immediately take place. It will be seen from our Sydney telegram, that New South Wales has determined to undertake a serious cricketing enterprise on her own responsibility. A team, composed exclusively of New Wales cricketers, is to visit England next seas',*"- the direction of a well-known sporting metier the New South Wales Legislature—5Ir Driver, we presume. The wisdom of thiB step is very questionable, but New South Wales people were never accused uf modesty or an inclination to bide their light under a busferh * No doubt they can produce an excellent .eleven, who .will be quite formidsble after playing together for "a time ; but we doubt their ability to: send home a team that will acquit itself with anything more łbgiryery' moderate ? ? T SSs=3=£B=r4 Srssttisę > ? h iC a very weakened state, and IhihX/iBstUl a chance of his reserious fears are entertained as to the manner in which the occurrence r S T Ł n * correspondent of tte Benilo Advcrtiscrcr writing on Saturday /fsnd^o savs -—An amusing enisode episode occurred t the Stassfi thTtwo papers, which were BunJar inJns pocket, On retiring to his home at noon he tore np what be thought was the excuse, and threw the fragment behind the grate. Next day he went into town and presented the remaining document at the suburban bank P a J: ment, when the teller politely informed him that the bank could not, consistent with ita own interests, give csBh for the document, bat suggested that the suburban school board might be induced to do so. That teacher immediately "busBed it home, and rushed to the grate, where, to his great joy, he discoved the fragments of the cheque still untouched. These were gathered up and sent to the drawer by post. Matters were soon set straight by the parent. The moral need not be pointed out. The farmers of the Wimmera seem to have invented a peculiar method of. get- 1 ting rid of their stubble, preparatory -to ploughing the ground for a fresh crop, or, at any rate, the plan, if not new, is one we have never before witnessed. In many of the paddocks along tUp line of railway, a pair of homes may be observed dragging behind them what appears to be a portable bush-fire, On closer inspection it is seen that thehorsep are harnesaed to an iron harrow clogged with burning straw. The harrow gathers up all the stubble as it goes along, and the straw is consumed as fast as it comes into the harrow- This mode of preparing the ground seems to answer remarkably well in fields where the stubble is too tniń to be removed by the ordinary method of burning oft—Hamilton Spectator. The new bridge over the Deep Creek at Lancefield is to be opened on the 24th inst. by thę Commissioner of Public Works. Several members of the Ministry and of Parliament are expected to be present, ajid the occasion is to be made genera! holiday by the resi, one i/. ' —nihiił and surrounding dents of the to..— " D "Mio Iudistrict. The Minister o; ^ „ - struction has been asked to close the State school for the event, so that the children may take part in the ceremony of the opening of the bridge. Arrangements are also being made to entertain the visitors at a banquet in the evening. At the Sandhurst City Police Court on Saturday last, a man named Edward Fletcher was charged with having attempted to stab Annie Williams, a woman of ill repute, with a knife. The prisoner was remanded. It appeared that he had been robbed of £120. Under the impression that the woman Williams was one of those who had robbed him, he had followed her from Echuca to Sandhurst, where he committed the act of violence. 