NOTES AND EVENTS. Winter is now fast approachig, and we would therefore draw the 'attention of the Library Committee to the advisability .of making arrangements for the delivery of a series of lectures during the ensuing winter months. Besides having the effect of re lieving the tedium and dreariness of the long nights that we will soon experience the lectures in the library would be a source of great interest and amusement. Many resi dents of Colac well remember how the lectures used to be attended when the de livery of them was first established in the Free Library. The majority of the towns people took far more interest in the institu tution then than they do now, and v' can assure the committee that subscriptions and contributions would more.liberally flow into the Library coffers if, during the -winter months, provision was made for giving one evening during the week intellectual amuse ment to the visitors of our reading institu tion. To carry out tlie lecturss'in a proper and systematic. manner, we would sug gest to the Library Committee that a lec ture committee be appointed of gen tlmecn not connected wit)l the institu tion to at once make arrangements for the delivery of a series of lectures-the gentlemen who would form that committee, or some of them to attend every night a lecture was to be delivered,'and see that order and decorum avould be strictly main tained. We have -now a boating club in Colae to develop tle physical powers of our youth, and as it is necessary that intellectual 'perfection should be attained as well as physical, we hope that at the next meeting of the Library Committee some gentle men will draw attention to the matter and that the Committee will decide upon at once inaugurating the lectures. There are several gentlemen in Colac--new arrivals -wlio would be willing to lecture, and it therefore only remains for the committee to come to a decision on the matter, and when that is done we will have great pleasure in referring to tbo matter at length in a future issue. The 9.25 p.m. train did not arrive inl Colac on Tuesday until after 11 o'clock, or nearly two hout-s after the regular time. A great deal of annoyance and inconvenience was thereby cansed the passengers, who were loud in their condemnations of the delay ex perienced. The cause of the delay was, that on account of only one train running daily to Colae, the powers of the engine had to he overtaxed by having too many goods trucks. attaa'ied to it, and this should be sufficient to iuince the Iiniister of Railways to at once re-establish the running of a second train. Yesterday a special train had to be sent to Colac for the conveyance of goods and tlle purpose of clearing the line for the ordinary. one, and we think that the crunning of special trains will be foiind in the long run quite as expensive as the running of regular ones, and if the traffic on tlhe Colac line is such as to call for special conveyances, we thinki that Mr. Woods is slow in ulsilg tihat wisdloin that lie is said to be possessed of by notat once giving us two trains daily, and doing away with objectionable ingsenve!iencc andi glaring in justice, We have Leen informed that it is the in. Idetion of some of the residents of the Otway forest to forward samples of na:tive limber to the forthcoming International Exhibition, The qualities and properties of native tim hers are comparatively unknown, and as there are many kinds not many miles distant from Colac that will hear favorable compari son with.any in tlie world, we hope that the exhibition of themi will have' the effect of opening up industries, and bringinci to light treasures that are at present hidden in profusion in the labyrinths, 'mazes, and intricacies of ihe Otway forest. A mostdiagircefil matter has been brought under our notice 'that deserves the severest condemniatioi, and calls for prompt cuquiry. Our readers will remember that in May last an excursion train was obtained to convey local children to the Ballarat Exhibition. A committee of five gentlemen was ap pointed, who had to guarantee £25 to the Government before the train would be granted. The five gentlemen referred to de posited-£5 each. A good balance must have been netted by the committee, as nearly double £25 must have been taken from the nurbller who visited the Exhibition, and yet strange to say one gentleman lhas never re ceived his deposit of £5. Thissort of thing is likely to deter the public from identify ing themselves in the future with anything prgaqisod for the public benefit, and We hope our reference to the matter will be I sficient to have th niatter settled without de-v. nIt if Rt tie gentlempnn who is at the loss of ;£5 '.teOlld to peel legil redress. The cases to be'hci:'l aot the Police Court to-day are few and uniimportr.ut,' iad as the man Crabb still lies in a very dangef'ouS and critical state, it is quitec probable tlat his assailant, Howard, who has noif been twice remanded, will be still further re manded, when lie appears before the Police Conit to-day. As Crabb's family are in very poor circnmstancds, we have been in formed that it is the. intention of tle His trionic Club to give an entertainment for their benefit at an early date. On Wednesday next an interesting match at cricket will be played on the local cricket ground, between tle committen and trustees of the Free Library and the members of tle Colac Shire Council. lDesides thle match other anmuse:ncnts will be provided for tie occasion. We have bee informed tlat our local blondon, Mr. Kenneth M'Kay, will give an exhibition of his talents ; the Colac Brass Bandl will be in attendance, a 'quoit match will also be played, and there fore the public should not object to pay one shilling for admission when i luch a large bill of fare is to be provided for them andlit is known that tlie proceeds are to go to the Free Library, 'the nmot valuable institution in the district. \Ve were last night shown a fine specimen of coal obtained from a shaft sunk on the groind held by No. 2 Coalmining Company. The coal was obtained at a 'depth of forty feet, and is far superior in quality to aay that has been obtained from the shaft sunk on the ground of No. 3 Company. A meet ing of shareholders in No. 2 Company is to be held at Anthony's Union Club Hotel on next Wednesday night for the purpose of receiving the balance of money duoe on shares, as the favorable specimens of coal obtained stimulates the shareholders to ex. peditiously carrying on the sinking of the shaft as they are hopeful that before much sinkinlg is done, coal in payable quantities will be found. A grand bazaar to' commence on Easter' Monday will be held in the Oddf'ellows"Hall during the festive week by the ladies of the Church.of England denominition to pay off the debt on St. John's Church. 'Stallswvill be superintended by several influential ladies, and a number of gentlemen havd formed themselves into a committee to assist the ladies in making the bazaar a success.' A grand assoytment' of all imaginable fancy ' works of art and useful articles will be dis played on the occasion, and' as the procedd ings will be varied and enlivened by high class music, pleasure-seekers cannot fitu a better means of disposing of superfluous cash than by visiting the bazaar, and by assisting a deserving object also obtain that amusement which bazaars-- made attractive by charming young ladies--can only give. An entertainnent will be givdn in 'the Town Common State School on .Thursday' evening next,' for the purposeac of oltaiining funds to prolide a treat fdr the children during Easter week. The entertailnient will consist of an elaborate display of nano ramic views, comprising American, Euro penn, and Australian scenery, and also vocal and instrumental music. The views have been painted by iMr. Camrm, brother of the head teacher, and as the proceeds are to hb'. set apart for a most desirable object, we may rest assured that it will beo well patronised. During the last day or two some surprise has been shown by travellers at the- refresh. ment rooms connected w~ith the railwasy sta tion beiig closed. What the. cause of sucl : a state of things is we know not. The.fornlor lessee of the rooms, Mrs.. DBu»', decided to give up the rooms when one of the daily. trains was discontinued, and her lease tx. pired oui the 31st of last month. 'We have' been informed that a man named Murrell re. rented the rooms, but if he has, done so heo has not yet made his appearance where he would be expected to be mtuch to the chagrin "t of travellers, who, when they arrive at the st"tion house at half-past live o'clock on a. cold morning, 'would like to brace themselves up with a cup of coffee, or perhaps stronger beverages before starting ou, a long and tedious journey. We would draw the attention of 'our readers to a most interesting article in our fourth page entitled "Selectors Difficulties in the North-Eastern District;". • The article is taken from Saturday's Age and is principally • founded on evidence taken ibefore the Lands Commission at sittings held during visits from Beechworth to Towong, which tended to prove that genuine settlement has been made almost an impossibility in the sJpier Murray district' on achount of the influence brought to bear on Government officials by; the squatters of the Beechworth.district. . In' exposing abuses tihe article will have a power ful effect and prove to the people of the colony that the various commissions ap pointed by the Berry Government have done a great deal towards showing how ina years gone by the lands of the masses were frit tetl away and their liberties trifled with. Notwithstanding the noise made by numerous croakers about the depressed state of trade in.Colac, we are happy to be in a position to state that, there are many who are quite satisfied as to the commercial' soundness of our town. " As a proof of this. we may state that a new brick buildingsis to be erected by' Mr. John Baker for, the, Colonial Bank, on the property fronting Murray and Hesse streets. ' - * The number of lunatics that (have .lhitely been arrested in the Camperdown district: is, according the population, something ex. traordinary. " Montted-constalle Armfield arrived in Colae from Cobden ea route for Geelong last evening with a man named Ienry Dawes, who is charged with being ' of unsound mind. Dawes, it appears, is the owner of 200 acres of land at Cobrito, and in good circumstances, He has an hallucination that lie is followed by the evil one and it hats, therefore, been. considered necessary to' place him where he will be kept under prolper restraint. At the Camperdown Police Court, 'on Monday last, a well-to-do contractor named George Wilson was charged with brutally ill-using his wife. The charge was clearly proved, and the wife-beater received a sen tence of six months' imprisonment, but a' pathetic appeal to the magistrates had the effect of lessening the sentence to a tern of " six weeks. The opehing of the Oakleigh line'of rail. way, which connects Melbourne with Gippul land, was'opentid oti Wednesday in the pre sence of His Excelletncy the Marquis of Normauby, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen (Minister of Education), the hon. JoIhn Woods (Minis ter of liailways), several members of Parlia=-. went, and all the influential residents of the' Oakleigh district. The vice-regal party ar-. rived at Oakleigh by special train at 11 a.m., and were shortly afterwards entertained at?-: a sumptuous lunch. All the usual. loyal toasts were duly honored.' Sir Bryan O'Loghlen presided, anl in proposing the health of the Governor, said than when His Excellency left this colony he would leave it with the good wishes of all classes of the inhabitants-(cheers)-leave it, in short, as his father left Ireland forty-one years.ngv . (Clheers). His Excellency, in responding,. thanked thbse present for the enthusiasti .. nanncr il which they had drunk 'his health, and after an admirable speech, in which he referred to the probable. visit of the Prince of WVales, said he trusted that when le-left these shores they would say that his conduct hatl been worthy of the reception that diay given him. The Hon. John Woods nmade thoe'speeh'of'tho oceasion, waxed poetically eloquent 'on' the beauties of the Gippslarid' forest trees, then got' into a moralising mood at the close of hIis speech, and is reportedtto lhae said that it was with feelings akin to sadness that he surveyed thie remains of the sumptuous re past just partaken of, and thought of the tens and hundreds of thousands of our brothers and sisters in England ihio were in want, anl conclulded sith au overdrarwn peroration exhorting all present to invite. necmbers of our British coesins to our shores. Althoungh we miight be inclined to agr'e' witih Mr. Woods that population is re-' quired to develop the resources of the vast colong we cannot shut. our eyes to. tlhe fact tlnt tihe twholshle alienation of thd public landls lhas debarredl huinadreds of tiousanltls of oir fellow heintgs for niakino . homes for themselves in a fertile hind, anse carry out the manndate of the scriptures to I' Go forth anld multiply; " and before Mr. Woords again appears as an advoeate for immigramtion, we thinlo lie ought to try and ' make some arrangements with the land holders to rent the lands to the people, and enable themi to obtain in abundance the fraits of the earth so that we might tten phila:ptronically exclaim with our Minister of Rlailwsys, " Come to us, ye hundreds of thousands of brothbrs andl sisters, who are in want in England, ajid we -will clothe and' feed you, ccacpse, ip thiW glorious clime, ino territorial nilgagte iJ. :Iable to debar a fellow being fronm 'obtaininog and enjoying the fruits of what is his natural 'irthright." The following are thie namne of the Ondit team selected to play against Colan on Satur. day next :-Anderson, loss, Burnett, Earles, Turnr, niaker, ilobcrtsoni Lupsona, Howe., Elkins, and tKerr Emergencies, Irvino and Pink. Play will commence at 1 o'clock sharp. The adjourned annual icting of the Pol,. warth and South Gresville Agricultuialh and Horticultural Society will be hlcld.at"'" Kinane'n Victoria Hotel this aft~rnoon, "-': The picturesque. town of Lorne (says the Afdvertiecr) will ere 'long receive a great I acquisition in its accommodation for visitors. A new hotel is about to'be ?eected, designed by Messrs. Alexander Davidson and Co., architects, which will'not only offer first-class -iccommodationitosa great number.of visitors, I bit will le a greýt;ortiamient to this pretty watering pldce.- It will contain upwards *of 50 rooms, liaving all, the improvements and advantagesof :soderin architecture, comn bininr every comfort. - The business will be conducted undei" thi managelment of ir. T. F. Andersoii, of. the Union Club Hotel, 1 Ccelong, whose abilities are too well-known -,4 to be appreciated. The contractor is ] b- 'J.' Rcniie, of Melbourne, who will, I -Siwitph, conulence operations. The total I i. s will be about.£6000. . With respcct to: the explohion of the boiler of a railivay engiu at Horshaml ons the 31st of March, the Tliinvrera Stli" says : " There is little'doubt but that had the ex-' plosion occurred near the gang of meni a number of theiA wouild have been killed, for pieces of the boiler plates flew on both sides of the line; kniocking down the fencing, and breaking the telegraph wires and posts. Of course the engine itself is much damaged, and will cost a. considerabl sum for re pairs. The flange-lactes of iron half an inch i thick on each side of the boiler wesc'. bcnl; i and broken, also some of the thick solidl steel liolished ggeaingl, connected with the piston and driving. iods. The boiler being 1 entirely rent open looked like h shattered. organ with tim pipes all -bent and twisted; Tie engine- was travelling at about the rate of four miles ,n hour, with 'a pressure of 100 lb. of steam, which prior to the accident u had been. sliut off. . We learn that the i engine is usually worked,up to 130 lb. pres- ] sure. No reason can oe assigned for the ex plosion. It' cai'ot.be. put down to bad workmianship ain tlie engine, the rivets of the boiler haviig. hold securely, but there i might have becen a flaw in thle material of thlic e tre boilor:.-plates; wiiheh were torn from the rivets like a rag. No doubt .a most searching inquir3;.into ihe nmatter will be held,.as the expldsion naterially affects the BallrabtIhcenix TFonndry Company, who are the inkers' of the engine, which were turned oiutf of the workshop about five years ago only, so tlh't it is comparatively I a new one. This.'iss tie third accident of the kind which has-occufred on the Vie- 1 torian lines. On both tha two previous oc casions the liAilers and cngines - were of J English make. '. Our A rgsl? NIewv Zealand correspondent says of the labor market'in New Zealand : " The public wvoits policy is'being pushed on wiith considerable vigor, but all oncration. are cramnped anid retarded by the scarcity of labor, 'and the consequent high rate of wages. Suitd of the thousauds of laborers whom we have for a long while been annually importing, the rate of wages is as high now as it was 20 years ago. In some districts it is even higher. Slicarers get is much now as ever they did, andfarm laborers, anechanics, road men, navvies, and others get higher wages than they Imve done for some years past. All over.the colony farmers have been greatly distressed, andlhave lost muclh money,' notmerelybecause theyhadto pay high wages, but for the reason that in very many cases, they absolutely could not get the labor they needed, no matter what wages they were prepared to pay. Owing to this scarcity of labor, and its extreme cost, the grain growers are trying more than ever to use machines, and reapers, and binders are spreading everywhere, M'Cormick's being a universal favorite." Some misapprehension appears to exist (writes the Age) in the minds of persons not acquainted with the provisions of Land Act 1869 as to the notice issued, by Mr. Long more, calling upon selectors who wished to tike advantage of section 8 of last year's Land Act to do so before the end of next mouth. Some individuals, whose ignorance is really inexcusable, are accusing tihe Minister of attempting to limit the opera tion of the Land Act. The Minister issued a warning to' slectors that there would-be no chance of taking advantage of the section in iluestion if.they delayed to do, so beyond next month. ., This warning was given in the interests of the selectors themselves and with the best intentions, so far as the 1 Minister is concencredf;'nilifis'quite in accord ance with the provisions of the eighth see tion, which says :--Any licensee under section 19 of the Principal Act, whose license has been issued within three years of the date of the passing of this act, shall be entitled within four months from. the con mencement of this act to surrender his licence." It was for the information of persons desiring to avail themselves of section 8 tlat .Mr. 'Longiore's. notice was issued, and although the matter is so very simple, the Minister's action has not been allowed, toescape the ordeal of the critcism of the ignorant and malicious. \- What a sell. The Camperdowi Chronicle writes :-Some of our quid nwuncs were quite on the psi ive on Saturday evening and Sunday. They were on the tip-too of ex pectation of iubbing shouilders with Sir Henry Parkes, the Premier of New South Wales, and soime of them, we understand, -persist in saying that they had that pri vilege. But better informed people say, it was not. Sir Henry Parkes, but an untitled gentlemen of that name, connected with one of the Melbourne banks, on a tour of'in spection in the Western District, who ar rived here on Saturday evening, and left on Monday morning. "The revenue return for the twelve months ending the 31st March appear to be on the whole very favorable. The returns are not yet quite complete, but the gross revenue -amounts to £4,603,736 for the year just ex pired; the amount fdr the prececding year being ,£4,489,807, giving' au increase of £113,929; * The increase is mainly in the Land Tax; The Neii' South Wales Parliament have remitted the debt owing by tie Sydney Corporation to the Government, amounting to £735,316, but have left the debts due to other creditors, amounting to £551,061, to jbe provided for by the Council.' An im-" portant amendment has .been made in the clause of the City Corporation Bill providling that the Corporation of Sydney shall receive £25,000.as andowment for ten years. The amendment (says the Evening News) is to the effect that thb enidowment shall only be paid .at the rate of pound for pound raised by city rate taxation in excess of one shilling in the pound.. The Sydney Corporation will * therefore be entitled to no endownment at all if its city rates do not exceed t shilling in the pound. Mr. Favene, the Nortlierin Territory ex plorer, who is now on his return journey from Port Daruin to Brisbane, has informed the Courier that the expedition has ;been completely succsssful. The proposed route of the trans-continental railway is found to 'be easy for construction purposes, and * through available pastoral country over the awhole distance. Mr. Favefic further adds t that Point Darwin is a fine harbor, and a site for a town unequalled in Australia. The farmers of the Wimmera seem to have invented a" peculiar method of getting rid of their stubble, preparatory to ploughing the Sground for a fresh crop, or, at any rate, tihe plan, if not new, is one we have never before witnessed. In many of the paddocks along the line of railway, a pair of horses may be observed dragging hbehind them what appears to be a portable bush-fire. On closeriuspec 'tion it is seen that the horses are harnessed Bin iron harrow clogged with burning straw. r?lie harrow gathers up all the stubble as it r goes along, and the strawis consumced as fast as it comes into the harrow. This .mode of "preparinmg the groundt seems to answer re-. aikabrily well in fields (says the Hamiltonl ' Specca.or) where the stubble is too thin to lbe removed by the ordinary method of burn ing off. A comnliment (says the Age) has been paid to Mh. Woods, inventor of the con tjiuious railway brake, which that gentle scan will no doubt appreciate the more be cause unsought. Mr. Woods has patented his brake in Italy, and a society for the pro motion of science, art, and industries, cstabr lished at Naples," has forwarded Jnim a di ploma of membership. * The supposition (says t\he Arius) that the buman arm found tipoil the. xbanks of. the 'arra pn Saturday last formed, a portion of the remains of the missing Mrs. Fiirrell prove to he entirely without foun dationo. During Monday M.r. .William Smilth, carpeptor residing at Horslhaoin,. inforine he police that sonme timed' .back a?i i min lamed Daniel Coilonhad liis fingei's 'in urcd by a chaff-eutting machilbe at Messrs. 'mith and Co.'s coal y4rds, and tlht, iiin~fo; sequence of gaugrene setting in, 'Drs. Burke' and Ryan, who were in attendaiice'-ponl lim, decidell upon amputating'..t limb, usd ultimately performed the '.operationt Ie also -stated that the little' .finger vas removed by the acciderit,- and;that' the ring finger was much crushed, .ud el lortion of it removed surgically. This des cription corresponds e:iaetly with thlat of the limb .in the morgue, anad .r. Si.. ith dentified it as the one which was removed. Ie.also expldined thiat, in order.to: av-id the trouble of burial, the tarmýwas sewn up in a nag and given to alboatriia.to sikin the iarram. This is, evideitly the explanation if wha- t at first sight ;'ppeated to be'a far nore serious matter :..'"i :' The metropoltah goldln feld (says ' y:the 'Iamilton SiecitSalt).appi:stpes to be in a pir ticularly healthli statpejus s it-now and com nerciel tiravellers pronounicee it "'to b'f. t1?e .oundest place';:fri busiites enc6uitered by .hem. in theiir' roinds. 'The' qinittity .f goods absdrbedby? Ba ll irat is sonmething enormions, und",mos?ey cannot bseso .s.very .ght whei aa argdp?lrcitage o"f the traders ire buying at'ajinoith, iiistead of taking thl :astamnary three mntlis' credit. 'The shop acd business''estabishimeoits seerii to :be loing. a roariig trader:'and thrce are few premises to let. ;Th streets of Ballarat i.?t dlive witli;traffic,; aid the i?oiiictits are ively with pedestrians. So far.as e:kinov, his improved toeie is not due to any 1on-l derful increase in the 'yield .of.goldbut is ittributable to the fact that Ballmaatt is be ginningtodipeond upon other sources of pros crity thantheproduccof'the mines. Agricul .urcissmakinggreatstrides all round Ballarat, nd a great breadth of countiy is under cul tivation.'. The local industries employ a con idcrable population, and constitute a source If permanent prosperity. D;t in the opinion f. manuy of the residents, the extension of ;he railways in new directions has brought to Ballarat a considerable accession of trade, veni the most distant feeders conveyin.g from far-off Horsham, St. Arnaud, Portland, Iamilton, And other places, visitors who in tinies' past never thought of sojourniin I Ballarat. As blight and bad eyes are very prevalent in thisdistrict at the present time, the fol lowing receipt-which a correspondent of the Duily Telegraph affirms to be a sure dcre may be useful to sufferers from affections of the organs of vision :-Laudanumi, 20 drops; sulphate of zinc, 4'gr.; rose water, 2 oz. The Minister of Lands is taking steps to obtain information with respect to the most suitable places for proquring waiter by boring. As is well known in some country districts, the want of water is most severely felt, and the Minister is fully -im pressed with the necessity of affording-relief as soon as possible. It is intended (says the Age) to send-a water auger to bore on the plains north of St. Arnaud. Mr. Longmore has also resolved that boring shall be carried out in different parts of those plains, and a sum of money is to be placed on the esti mates to lprovide for the outlay. The Otayd Daily Times says :--" One of Edison's electric pens is in use at the Dunedin railway station, and is found to work admir ably. With this instrumenot a circular is written almost as rapidly aswith theordinary pen, and from the first copy, which is sed as a stencil plate, 3000 circulkrs may be printed in about two hours.- There is no delay in volved.in the process, as the operator can begin to-print 'as soon as -the ciciular has been writtefi. When a clear .coliy is ob tained, any one wcith l little practice can use Thie Soitlh Australian, Agricultural So ciety lias: resolved to ask-the Government to offer a:reward of £4000 for the discovery of a cheap spe!ifip agaiust red rust in wheat.: Thei fllowifig tamusing story~-is told-by the Melbourne corrcspondenti of the Camper' dowdi Or Chro)nicle:-Somne very.smart :criti cisms, and very stiange stories, are afloat as to the chief:.occupanutof the Government House. You know, just as well.as 1 do, what an utter absence there isof ostentation of manner among the English nobility. ex cept, perhaps, in a few instances: But the Marquis of Normauby carries the severe simplicity of his style of living to the great est extent, and some of our '"stuck-up" people hardly know what to.make of it. He is, in fact, the plainest of plain men. His Excellency is prorided witl an orderly, of course, but does not think it hif business to wait for his orderly, but his orderly's business to wait for hiin. Rather.than-have that state of things, reversed, the Marquis of Nomnanby. would 'dispense, witli an orderly, and -thinking, perhaps, that he stands in very great need of one. -W~ll, His Excellency, who drives in a buggyj as ,ai ordinary farmer, and not in appearance very unlike one, had occasion to drive into town one day last week, and left.his orderly, wlho had not had time enough for his toilet,, be hind him.. This might have escaped notice, had not his orderly bdeen observed coming exasperated,- and perspiring, on .a. high stepping horse, at great speed after His Ex cellency, as lie came' along asking,' "Did you see the Governor ?" This question was put to one of the police on Prince's Bridge, and the answer was-" iNo, by gorra, but I seed an ould man drivin by, who had just come from Gover'nment HIouse." . "That's him," said the'orderly, and increased his speed. The "Rob Roy" which was at one time one of the boats belonging to the ship "Lightning" burnt in Corio Bay some time ago, and which is lIow lying it anchor in Lake Colac, has fallen into the hands of Mr. Robert Page." l.he steamer Dawsn has been' raised fror. the spot in the Yarra where she foundered, and has been towed up to thd dock in the river. ' . The Free Press thus .addresses' the coun cillors of the Shire of Avoa :--If you will only resign your seats in the council, ye con glomorated mass of incapables, ..we might appoint a day of thanksgiving and have prayers read in all the churches." After this our roughest remarks on our councillors must be considered polite. Mr. Teece has given notice of motion in the NeIw South Wales Legislative Assembly in favor oi the appropriation of £10,000 to wards the formation ot technical or working men's colleges in connection with the various mechanics' institutes tlrougout the colony. . It is said that charcoal placed round rose bushes and other flowerimg plants has the effect of adding greatly to the richness of the flower. A general meeting of the Colac United Football Club is advertised to be held at' the Brewers' Arms Hotel on Tuesday even ing next at seven o'clock. We would direct the attpniton of our readers to an advertisement of Mr. John ¶West's, which appears in another column, announcing that Mr. West is again dis posing.of a valuable assortment of drapery at very low prices. We have received the current number of the Temperance Newss, which is replete with interesting tales and reading matter that will be thoroughly appreciated by all total b stainers from intoxicating drinks. On Monday next Mr. Wi~m. Finnis will sell at tile Oddfellow's Hotel, the whole of Mr. M. Marks valuable household furniture, and a quantity of sundries. IMr:; Marks is giving up the business of hotelkeeping, and as his hoousehold furniture will be sold with out reserve, a valuable opportunity will be afforded to householdcrs of adding to their effects. Owing to landed property being in any thling lbut brisk demand at ipresent in Colae, the property of Mr. T. C. Kecmp whlicih was to have been submitted to auction by?eMr. Finnis has been withdrawn from Oale, 