THE LEGALIZATION OF GAMBLING. There are few social evils so difficult to deal with as the venerable and widespread vice of gambling. How to check or repress it are questions which have baffled the genius of the wisest legislator i from the oldest times to the present day. The list of misdirected efforts at repres sive legislation is a long one, and the numerous failures it embraces bear testi mony to the insurmountable difficulties which present themselves at every attempted step in the direction of reform. While on the one hand it has been found imperatively necessary to im pose every possible check on the evil of gambling, the fact has been demonstrated that too stringent enactments defeat themselves, and offer irresistible inducements to evasions of the law. Unfortunately no via media has presented itself, and although at tempts have been made to discountenance gambling, and to surround it with all manner of penalties and disabilities, the evil has not been kept within bounds. Nevertheless, the tendency of modern legislation is not to countenance or even to recognise gambling in any shape or form. Hence any measure subversive of this tendency is calculated to excite sus picion, and ought to be very care fully watched. The Bill which has been introduced by Mr. Bean into the House of Assembly for the legalization of the totalizator is practically an attempt to secure the recognition of the law to a certain form of gambling, and unless it can be shown conclusively that positive and substantial good will accrue from it, it will be a dangerous precedent to give it legislative sanction. An important principle is involved, and the matter ought not to be decided lightly. We are not in the confidence of the author of the Bill, nor do we know what arguments he will advance in its favour ; but from the highly argu mentative preamble we can gather the reasons which have prompted him to introduce the measure and the purpose it is expected to serve. The preamble sets forth that ' great evils have resulted from rash and indiscriminate betting at races, and young men and others are often tempted, by reason of the uncertainty of losing and the chance of winning, to make bets which if lost are wholly beyond their means to pay, and in order to pay the same resort to criminal means of obtaining money.' The totalizator is, it appears, to check this eviL ' The use of the totalizator would tend to diminish betting by giving young men and others a pecuniary interest in races without the evils incident to indiscriminate betting.' The argument furnished by these state ments amounts to this : that inasmuch as gambling cannot be put down by law, it is better, by recognising a mitigated form of the evil, to suppress the worst than to allow indiscriminate gambling to be prac tised. This argument will depend for its force, like most other arguments, on the validity of the facts on which it is based. Is it certain that the use of the totali zator or any other kind of gambling machine will tend to p\it down in any degree the practice of indiscriminate betting 1 The experiment has perhaps not had a fair trial, as the law has tabooed the engine of reform, but a care ful consideration of the principles on which gambling through the medium of the totalizator is conducted renders it extremely doubtful whether it will prove for any length of time a formidable rival for the bookmakers and other betting men who live by gambling. It may be con ducted on the most strictly honest principles, and act fairly towards all interested in it, but after all there are bookmakers quite as trustworthy and honest. If they have a keen eye to the odds, and are not unwilling to accept bets which are altogether in their favour and one-sided, they are generally punctual in their payments. Young men of a sporting turn of mind do not, as a rule, fare worse in their hands than if they were dealing with a Ies3 abused class of men. Moreover, young men who seek relaxation in the excitement of betting do not usually weigh all these considerations very carefully. The great drawback to the totalizator is that it ia comparatively an unexciting and unattractive form of betting. As soon as the novelty of the thing wears off it will lose its charm. Besides, young men are not partial to having their morals too ostentatiously taken under the care of the State. They, unfortunately, inherit the failing of their common ancestor to despise lawful pleasures, and to hanker after amuse ments which derive an additional charm from the fact of their being forbidden. It will, we believe, be a fatal blow to the moral influence of the totalizator to hold it up to young men as a machine from which they mav ierive a moderate share of the pleasures oi vice — enough for therr amusement, but not sufficient to de moralize them. It is more than probable that the totalizator would become a sort of legalized instrument of apprenticeship to indiscriminate gambling. We are by no means inclined to take an illiberal view of the qaestion, but it seems to us that for the Legislature directly to sanction any form of gambling is a mo3t objectionable thing. If the use of the totalizator is allowed, if gambling through its instrumentality is not to be viewed as an offence, the State will be tolerating in embryo a vice which it is sedulously striv ing to put down. At present a great safe guard against gambling lies in the fact that it is discountenanced by the law. If once this principle is violated who shall say where the line must be drawn ? If Parliament legalizes the totalizator why not the roulette table, the ' Crown and feather' table, once so familiar to the public, the 'Spinning Jenny,' and the numerous other mechanical de vices for gambling ? If the machines are fairly constructed, if they are honestly conducted, they are quite as meritorious as the totalizator. Why the young man who stakes £5 which he cannot afford to lose through the totalizator is less likely to be led into dishonest courses than if he made a wager for the same amount with a bookmaker we are at a loss to imagine. It is true that if he beta through the totalizator he is compelled to pay his money before the race comes off, but if he is unprincipled and bitten with the betting mania he will probably rob a till before the raceday instead of after. The chances of effecting any good by sanction ing the use of the totalizator are in fact so small, and the danger of countenancing gambling in any form is bo great, that we cannot but hope the Bill before the House will be rejected. It would be better if, instead of making wild experi ments, some attention were devoted to the manner in which the spirit, if not the letter of the existing laws against gambling, is outraged. Quite recently the conductor of a popular entertain ment has attracted large audiences by means of prizes, which are to all intents and purposes raffled for as in a lottery. Such practices as these are quite as hurtful to the morals of the community as betting at racecourses, for they in gender and foster the spirit of gambling. Yet they are allowed to flourish under the very nose of the police, and no effort is made to put them down. Why they should be tolerated when other kinds of lotteries are rigidly suppressed it is difficult to understand. In Lec.isiativb CoraciL. — During the remainder of the session the Legislative Council will sit more frequently. There are to be two ?lore sittings this week. To-day the Chief Secretary will move the second reading of the Constitution Amendment Bill, and on Thursday the Main Roaf^ Bill, the Selectors' Mortgages Bill, and the Brands Bill are all to oome on for the second reading. AMBiaUEST OF TUB CONSTITUTION.— A dU cussion took place in the Council yesterday on Mr. Hay's motion for leave to withdraw the Bill introduced by him for the amendment of the Constitution. This course was adopted by the bon. gentleman in order to enable the measure introduced by the Government to be discussed. Mr. Fisher opposed the motion, and charac terized the Government Bill as an insult to the Council and a measure which they shou'd be justified in obstructing. The Bill, he said, was an abortion and a skeleton. None of the other speakers, however, sympathized in these Tiews, a^d Mr. Haj's motion was carried. The Dbaikagb of thb Crnr. — Now that the site of the sewage farm has been definitely settled, the Adelaide drainage works will be proceeded with aa rapidly as possible. While the question as to site was in abeyance, tenders for the first section of the works were let, and tenders will shortly be called for the construc tion of the second section of the scheme, which starts from a point just eastward of the Gaol, and terminates at Tarn U'Shanter Belt. The conn e of the railway will be followed as far as practicable, the main sewer crossing the line at a point between the Fort line junction and the North Adelaide Station. Watebwobks.— The following return to the order of Mr. Simtns, giving information as to the total expenditure and the annual coat of maintenance, with other particulars in connection with the old and new reservoirs, was laid on the table of the House of .Assembly on Tuesday, October 7 :— L The total expenditure on the Hope Valley Keservoir has been £163,000, and on the Thorndon Park Keservoir £57,700. 2. On September 27 of the present year the former reservoir contained 32 ft. 4 in. of water. 3. The Government do not propose to com plete the new reservoir by properly clay ing and otherwise repairing it. 4. By the end of February next reservoirs will be ready for use at North Adelaide, Msgill, Burn side, and Mitcbam. 5. Tbe annual amount received on account of the Adelaide Waterworks was £22,125 17s. 7d.; Suburban do., £14,001 15s. 7d.; Port do., £2,881 8s. 7d.; Glenelg do., £1,532 14a. 5d. 6. The receipts for the year 1879-80 amounted to £40,541 Ids. 2d., and the expen diture to £23,387 4s. 4d., making the total net teceiots £17,154 11s. lOd. The interest paid during tbe year was £23,914 18s. 8d.t miking a votal amount paid on account of interest above receipts of £6,760 6a. lOd. 7 ind 8. Tbe cost of collection was £1,985, and of management and other incidental expenses £21,402 4a. 4d. 9. The smallest quantity of water stored in the Hope Valley Reservoir during 1878-9 was 9,(00,000 gallons on April 28, 1S79, and at Tborndon Park Keservoir 60,750,000 gallons on May 2 of the same year. 10. Tbe quantity of water utored in the Hope Valley Reservoir was on September 29, 1879, 26-1,500,000 gallons, and in that of Thorndon Park 125,450,000 gallons. Cornwall Relief Fckd.— Reports in the Cornish papers show that a portion of the funds received in aid of the distress which recently existed in the country has been expended in sending 29 families, consisting of 156 souls, to Canada, six wives who took with them 16 children to rejoin their husbands in the United States, and a family of six persons to New Zea land. Tbe average cost of each immigrant was £4 12s. 3d. per head. Govbbkmhnt Laxd Sale.— A sale of Crown lands in the Hundreds of Way, Barunga, OameroD, Tiparra, Boolanda, Cudlamudla, Par naroo, Wonna, Fiuniss, aud Napperby, was held at the Land Office on Tuesday, Oct. 7. There was a fair attendance, but the bidding was dull. The area offered for selection was S4,580 acres, of which only 7,426 were sold. The total amount realized was £11,002 19s., and the highest price obtained per acre was £4 11s. for Section 302, Hundred of Barunga, County of Daly. Iitmiobatiom and Emiqration.— The num ber of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the week ending Saturday, October 4, was 78. Of these 61 came from Melbourne, 9 from Albany, and 8 from London. The number of persons who left by similar means during the like period was' 127, all of whom went to Mel bourne. Marine Board Bill. — In the Assembly on Tuesday Mr. Fowler proposed the insertion of a new clause in the Marine Board Bill for the repeal of the sections of the Marine Board Act of 1873 which provide for the inspection of donkey-engines on vessels and wharfs. The proposal was strongly resisted by the Govern ment, but Mr. Fowler succeeded in carrying bit point by a majority of six. Mr. Henning then moved the recommittal of clause 1, which enables tbe Treasurer to make regulations to define the duties of officers, with a view of striking it out. He made this proposal, he said, because he objected to the Treasurer carrying out his stated intention of giving the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties power to settle tbe size and description of jetties. The hon. gentleman was proceeding to criticise the work of the Harbour Department in connection with the Kingston Jetty, but he was ruled to be out of order by the Chairman ; and it was pointed out that if he wished to enter into a discussion of the question he should give a notice of motion. Tbe amendment was then negatived and tbe Bill was reported, tbe consideration of the report being made an order for Thursday. Local Courts of Extended Jurisdiction. — In_the Legislative Council on Tuesday Mr. Hay stroDgly urged upon the Chief Secretary not to proceed with this Bill this session. He pointe j out that since its introduction it had been altered in almost every particular, and it could rot receive cartful consideration at tbe hands of the Council so late in the session. He objected to tbe Bill on tbe score of tbe enormous expense it would occasion. Mr. Scott en dorsed the hon. member's views, eud expressed surprise at the Government approving a Bill which had been changed 'lock, stock, and barrel.' He accounted for their anxiety to pass the Bill on the suppMition that they were desirous of filling tbe fine gaol being built at Gladstone. He believed in an ex tension of the jurisdiction of the Local Court, but was opposed to entrusting officers in the country with tbe decision of intricate questions in insolvency. Mr. Baker regarded tbe Bill as a retrograde »tf p. The object of the Legislature had been to simplify all legal proceedings, but tbe Bill would introduce an additional procedure acd prevent either of the others from having a fair chance. The new pro ctdure, in his opinion, was certainly not the tame as that of the Local Courts. The Bill was a thorough jumble, and would lead to great ex pewe. Messrs. Fislie.-, Hogartb, Campbell, and Sandover also urged upon tbe Chief Secretary to withdraw the Bill. Only one other member (Mr. Crozier) spoke on the question, and he was in favour of the Bill. The Chief Secretary inti mated that he could not withdraw the Bill without consulting his colleagues; but stated that in the face of the opinions expressed by a majority of the members of the Council it would be useless for him to proved with the Bill. Anglo-Israel Association. — The usual monthly meeting of this Association was held in the vestry of the Baptist Church. Flinders etre«t, on Monday evening, October 6. Au instructive lecture by Mr. A- O. Chambers, on the ' Extent of the British Empire' wa» atten tively listened to and appreciated by those present. Sad Cash— On Sunday («ay» the Kapunda Herald) John Murphy, of Allen's Creek, re ported to Police-constable Grant that a man had that morning been found in his hut who he thought was dying. Constable Grant at once went out accompanied by Dr. Blood, and found the man— who had been there three days un known to aT.y one— quite unable to move. Arrangements were at once uade to convey bun to the Hospital, where he is being welLcared for His name is Joseph Charles, and be was nvking his way from Port Augusta to town. Tlie hut 10 in an out-of-the-way position, and bad he not fortunately been discovered, the m»n wculd have certainly died there. Thh American Minstrels. — There was a fair audience to witness this company at the Academy of Music Bundle-itreet, on Tuesday evening. Tha programme, which consisted of songs, loth sentimental and comic, dances, atd farces, iSatied a continued source of .amuse ment to the audience, and «ome of the'wngs were encored. The company wilt appear again to-night. Thb EsrnrATBS.— The Asaexnb?7- made con siderable progress with the Estimate* on Tues day, during a sitting which lasted until after 11 o'clock. The votes for road', streets, bridges, jetties, &c;, were passed with one or two amend ments. The amount for railway surveys for new and proposed lines was reduced from £5,000 to £4,000, and th.»t for water supply surreys from £3,000 to £2,000, the sum for road ad joiniog the Semaphore Signnl-station being struck out altogether. The £100,000 proposed for maintenance of main roads was pused in fall. When tbe rote for granta-in-aid to the Mount Mnirhead Drainage Board came under notice Mr. Famous moved to strike out the words providing for a subsidy to private subscriptions. After considerable discussion this principle was agreed to, and it was also carried into effect in connection with the vote for aid to Corporations and District Councils, which was reduced by £3,000. There was a great deal of discussion on the various item* under the head ' MiscellAneoni.' bat only two reduction*, amounting to £1,050, were made. These were secured by striking out the sum of £1,000 for formation of roads to well* snd ?vote for travelling expense* of members of Par liament from £100 to £50. It was stat*d by Mr. Flajford when the vote for aid to Agri cultural Societies was under notice that he in tended to decline giving a grant to any new Society which was established within tweaty miles of one already existing. An attempt wa« made to reduce tbe amount asked for in tfce line 'Incidental and Unforeseen Expenses,' and objection was made to the expenditure ia advertising bush-fire notices, but the Govern ment succeeded in carrying the vote. Daring the discussion Mr. Pavsoiis took occasion to echo the suggestion of his colleague in the represen tation of Encounter Eay, that wholesale bribery of the Press had been resorted to. So far as we are concerned we treat tbe paltry imputation with contempt, and can only regret that tbe bon. member should demean himself by lightly making accusations which he well knows bave do foundation in fact. There was also an attempt to strike out the £686 : proposed to defray a part of the expense to which the Commissioner of Insolvency was put in prosecuting Mr. W. V. Smith for libeL It was pointed out by the Attorney-General that the late Treasurer had agreed to pay such of the costs as were incurred in establishing tbe re putation of the Courts over which Mr. Downer preside 1, and on a division the line was passed. When the item of immigration was reached it was decided to resume, and the Committee ob tained leave to sit again on Thursday. Northrbj* Tbrbttort LEGISLATION. — Ia the Assembly on Tuesday the Bill to protect Indian immigrants who may go to the Northern Territory was passed through Committee with some amendments. The principal alteration was one made at the instance ol Mr. Bray. It provided that agents can only be appointed aiter their salaries have been passed by Parlia ment, thus placiDg the control of Asiatic immi gration more completely in the hands of the Legislature than it would be if tbe Ministry had tbe power to maie appointments trusting to their futnre approval. The Northern Territory Land Bill wa also passed through Committee, and both Bills were reported. TJnitebsitt XiBcttjrbs. — Professor Lamb gave ? the fourth of a series of demonstrations in physics on Monday evening, October 6, at the University Classrooms, Mortal ta Chambers, Victoria-square west. The subject selected for the occasion was the mutual action Df magnets and electrical currents. The lecturer explained the various pheno mena occasioned by the action of an - electrical current operating upon a magnet, . and the variations produced by the greater or leaser influence upon the magnet of a particular current as compared with the natural mag netism of the earth. The practical uses result ing from a know'edge of the laws which governed these phenomena were discussed, the construction and uses of galvanometers being described, after which the Professor proceeded to demonstrate the theory of Ampere that a magnet consists of an aggregation of electrified molecules. This portion of the demonstration was supported by some interesting experiments on tbe reciprocating influence which a majnet exerts on an electrical current, and showing that one of tbe chief hypotheses of Ampere's theory is the contention that parallel electric currents running in the same direction mutually attract - each other. Port Asblaidb Musbum. — The Hon. Curator of this Museum wrote some few months ago to Oscar II., King of Sweden, for some specimens of Swedish fossils. By the last mail tbe - following reply was received from Stockholm, . signed by Professor G. Lindstrom, Director of the Pal.Txmtologioal Department of the State Museum of Sweden : — ' Sirs — His Majesty the King of Sweden has deigned to communicate with us, the Directors of the State Museum, a letter from you containing a request to receive through him, amongst other objects, specimens of Swedish fossils. The Pal.-contological Depart ment of the 8tate Museum is able to send you a collection of about 100 species or more of Swedish iossils, in several specimens each ; but I should feel most happy if you were willing to send me in exchange specimens of Australian and Tasmanian fossils, especially paloeozoio and chiefly Silurian. As soon as you bave obliged me with your answer or collections of Austra lian fossils, I shall pack up a fine collection for you and send it.' The Curators of the Port Museum will send a collection of fossils, but will not be able to forward any of the Silurian type. By this same mail two letters were received from Sir Anthony Musgrave.Governorof Jamaica, win had been asked for specimens of West Indian nitural history. The first letter, dated July 7, and written by His Excellency's Private Se:re tary, expresses pleasure at the progress msde by the Port Adelaide Museum, and adds — ' I am to acquaint you by His Erjellency's desire that the Curator of the local Museum forwarded from here by tbo K M. steamer on the 25th ultimo a case addressed to the care of Messrs. G. VT. Wheatley k Co. for transmission to yonr Institute. The case contains specimens of shells, insects, and lace-bark. The piomiied collection of ferns is not yet completed. Soms 400 specimens are stated to be indigenous to this island. Sir Anthony has been very happy to pay the incidental charges of the box until it reaches the hands of Wboatley and Co. I enclose copy of an extract from tha Curator's last letter to myself and a list of the shells.' The extract referred to states that the f hells were taken from duplicates in tie Museum, and the insects from duplicates in th* Curator's own collection. The second letter, dated August 8, states that a case of sp'cim;n- of native ferns had been forwarded by the R.M.S. Perafor the Institute. The shells aul insects bave already reached tbe Port, and the ferns are expected shortly. The insert* were named at the British Museum. Tbe shells will shortly be ready for public inspection. SurKEME Court Criminal Sittings.— The Criminal Sessions for October were begun before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut on Tuesday, October 7. John Henry Cousins was convicted of larceny as a bailee and of a simple larceny, and sentenced to four years' imprisonment. John Richards was alto convicted of stealing a horse with saddle and bridle, and sentenced to three years, and in respect of a charfe of forgery a jiolle prostqui was entered. John 'William O'Heire was found guilty of com mitting a common assault on a married woman, and sentenced to three months in gaol; and George Whiie was acqnitted on a charge of manslaughter. Joseph William Ball pleaded guiliy to stealing a horse and buggy and set of harne»»,and was sentenced to two years. The following cases will be taken at to-day's sitting ?- —William Allen, George Allen, Richard Newell, Francis Carter, Christopher Glynn, aud Robert Wallace, burglary ; John Lee, malicious assault; John Williams and John Knight, shopbreaking; George Ambler and Charles Watts, housebreak ing; Joseph Busbby and William Nicola, assault ; John Kitson, cattle-stealing; Donald Albert Campbell, false /pretences ; and John Romania, embezzlement. Adelaidb Amatbur Athlbtic Clt;b. — The following handicaps hare been declared in con nection with the b ports to be hold on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday next: — One hundred yards flat handicap (first event Adelaide Cap)— G. A. Farr, scratch ; A. Clarke, 2 yards ; P. B. Evarj, 3 ; C. W. Mud'e, 3 ; H. A. Beetson, 4 ; M. Acraman, 7 ; J. W. Lock wood. 7. Oae hundred yards hurdles handicap -G. A. Farr, scratch ; J. K. Acramarj, 2 yards; E. H. Oolbey, 2; p. B. Evan, 4; C. L. Wright; and E. T. Broom.. 5 ; G. BL Dean, 8 ; J. W. Lockwood, 9. One hundred yards flat handicap — G. A. Farr, scratch ; A. Clarke, 2 yards ; P. B. Evao, 4 ; O. W. Mudie, 5; EL A Beetson, 6; J. W. Lock wood, 10; V. C. Driffield, 11. Two hnndred aud twenty yards hurdles handicap (second event Adelaide Cap)— G. A. Farr, scratch ; J. K. Acrarrjan, 3 yards ; E. A. Oolbey, 3; A. Clarke, 7 ; M. Acraman, 8 ; H A- Beetson, 8 ; O. L. Wright, 9; E. T. Broom, 9; G. H. De»n, 12. Two hundred and fifty yards steeplechase' (Ladies' Purse)— G. A. Farr, scratch; J. K. Acrftm*r-, 1 yard ; M. Acraman, 11 ; O. L. Wright, 12 ; E. T. Broom, 14 ; G. H, Dean, 17 ; V. C. Driffield, 23. Four hundred and forty yards flat handicap (third event Adelaide Cup) — G. A. Farr, scratch ; M. A. Acraman, IS yards ; A. Clorke, 18; H. A. BefttsoD, 20. Tbe prizes are cow on view at Steiner's. Tub Xew Catholic Prssbttbrt.— Although, very little time has tlnpged since it was dendatf o erect a Catholic Presbytery at Port Adelaide the building is cow almost completed. Tbe ol-ject bas met with a generous and liberal sup port. To further as&ist; the work it is intended 10 bave a drawing ; of ^ prizes on the. art-uni'n- principle on the Feast of St. Patrick, Marc's 17, I860. BOCTH AuSTHiLUH HOETICCLTraiL* A!tQ FLOHiCTXTtiEAL SociKnr. — At a committee meeting ot this Society, held at the Chamber of Manufactures on Tuesday, October 7, for the purpose of arranging for the October Show, there were present— Dr. 'Wylde, Messrs. A. W. Dobbie,H.Sewell, J.Hoffmann, T.B. Robson,W. Rhodes, J. Gordon, A. Molineux, and W. Hackett (Hon. S«c). Mr. J. Gordon took the chair in the ebsence of the President, who sent an apology. The minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed ; and votes of thanks were passed to Dr. Schomburgk and the Governors of the Adelaide Botanic Garden foe the assistance lent at the last Show, also to the ladies and committee. The Hon. Secretary announced that the receipts at last Show were only £47 7s. 3d.; whilst the expenditure had been £65 for Drizes, n» addition to other sums for expenses. Last year the income had been £83 6s.3d. at the September Show, and the mm expended in prizes £43. As regarded the recommendation tJbat extra prizes should be offered for cinerarias snd pansies, it was not thought prudent to incur additional liabilities, bat if the Judges thought that any exhibits were especially deserving they were empowered to have a card affixed to such exhibits, stating that they were ' Recommended for a prize,' such award to be supported only in case the funds permitted. The Managing Com mittee for the October Show wag then ap pointed, Messrs. A. W. Dobbie, W. Ehodes, T. 15\. Kobson, J. Eowell, G. Laughton, and A. Molineux being chosen. The Judges for pot plants are to be Messrs. J. Pierson, F. S. C. Driffielc, and TV. Humphries; for cut flowers, Messrs. P. Somerville, — Hull, and Dr. ?\Vyatt; for fruits and vegetables, Messrs. G. Gelder, B. McKwin, and J. Cornow ; for designs, tonquets, and buttonholes, t»dy Ayers, and Mesdames Hartley, R. Kay, C. T. Cowle, snd Starle, with Mr. F. S. C. Driffield and Dr. Paterson. Mr. T. B. Kobaon called attention to the fact that at the last Show one exhibitor took the first and second prizes in two instances for limes and for lemons, which he believed to be against the rales. After discussion, it was resolved that in future each exhibitor should be confined to the use of one number-card on all his exhibits, so as to prevent the liability of the Judges giving two prizes to one exhibitor for the same class of exhibit DioEAifA at Pobt Adbla.ide.— The second representation of Thompson's Diorama at the Port on Tuesday evening brought together another crowded and appreciative house to witness it. Lieutenant Herman was very suc cessful in htsventriloquial entert&imrent.; The usual presents were given away at the conclusion. Socth AusTHALiAif Natioical Riflh Asso ciation. — The annual prize competition was continued under favourable circumstances on Tuesday, October 7, when the Merchants' and the Short-range Matches were fired. Lieutenant Brock and Private J. B. Smith were the highest scorers. The Long-range, the Championship, and the Nursery Stakes will be competed for to-d»y. Adelaide Philosophical Socibtt. — The t wenty-sixth annual meeting of this Society, held at the Institute en Tuesday evening, October 7, was very poorly attended, there being no quorum present at the hour appointed for the commencement of the business. In consequence the election of officers for the ensuing year and other routine business was held over until after the President had read his annual, address, which upon this occasion was an ' Outline of South Australian Geology.' By this time a quorum had gathered, and the annual report and balance sheet were read and adopted, and the officers for the ensuing year elected. Glbk Osmowd Cb»ckbt Crra. — The annual meeting of this club was held in the Institute, Glee Osmond, on October 3, Mr. A. Brook in the chair. The officers for the year were elected as follows:— President, Mr. G. Boothby; Vice President, Mr. J. H. 'Wiles; Captain, Mr. A. Brock ; Vice-Captain, Mr. S. Stanton ; Secretary and Treasurer, B Atkinson; Committee, Messrs. H. M. Mudie, J. Stanton, and B. Holton. I uring the evening several presentations were n ado for the highest averages in batting and bowling. Foresters' Picnic. — At a special meeting o' the Loyal Excelsior Lodge No. 12, LO.O.F., held on October 1, it was unanimously resolved to bold a picnic and athletic sports at the Exhibition Grounds on Boxing Day, Decsmbe £6, the proceeds to be given to the fund of the widows and orphans of the Lodge. A working committee was formed to carry out the neces sary arrangements and make the affair a success. Aw Ete for BnscfEsa. — Mr. J. C. TJhthofF, second houBe-surgeon at Guy's Hospital (accord ing to the European 3faiT) was waited upon the other day by a well- dressed and ladylike fema'e, with a strong French accent, who requested a private interview, as the subject on which she wished to speak was, to use her own wordn, ' a delicate' one. A young woman, a relative or friend of hers, she said, was entitled to inherit some property, if married ; but, being single, there was a prospect of her losing it. As no suitable husband seemed likely to appear, she was desirons of finding some ' dying' man, of what position it mattered not, to whom she might be formally married, and so obtain the property; while at the same time the link might be a slender one, and soon broken. This they had not been able to manage in France, where she lived, and they had accordingly seat over to a London hospital, where they hoped for success. Mr. TJhthoff was requested to find such a dying man suitable for the object. If he were a widower and had children they would make provision for the children. The answer given to tbe young lady by Mr. Uhtboff can be easily gnesped. Of course he could not supply her want, and she left rather more vexed than pleased. Victor EjntfAirasL's Peculiarities.— Many \- haracteristic anecdotes of the late King Victor Emmanuel are told in a work on his private life by an Italian journalist. Among other tales of l.is late Majesty related in this book are the following : — In matters of dress the King was enpremely indifferent. He disliked the frock coat, which he contended was invented by tbe democracy in order to confound masters with their servants. He usually walked abroad in a short jacket, and in this garment he often visited the theatres and other places. One evening be went to the Apollo in Rome. On his arrival be was told that the Empress of all the Russias was in the rojal loge. 'How shall I manage?' said the King. ' I am not dressed comme U favt, and I do not wish to return to the Quiriaal. 'But I must p»y a visit to Her Mijesty the Em press.' He looked around, espied the Marquis of Bagnasco, ard summoned him. The Marquis enme and found the King in his shirt-sleeves All was explained. The Marquis doffed his coat and the King pnt it on. He had no whit* cravat. A speckless tie on a waiter caught his eye. He sent for him, unloosened the tie, put it on himself, and, viewing himself in a mirror, said, 'It appeaTH to me that I can now present myself as a King of Italy.' On another occa sion, when His Majesty went to the same theatre, just as he was about to enter his loge he espied threugh tbe glass portals the portly figure of Colonel Galletti, one of his intimes. u Do not budge,' ssiij Victor Emmanuel ; ' I wish to take your portrait.' His Majesty then limned out a very capital sketch of the Colonel's burly figure on the glass : he had a penchant for crayon drawing, and usually staffed his pockets with different coloured pencils. On the following ? vening His Majesty returned to tbe theatre, and en entering his lose saw an attendant diligently er gaged in endeavouring to erase the crayon lines of the royal artistic efforts of the previous frvtnii'g. 'What are you doing?' said the King. 'Your Majesty,' replied the fellow, ' I am clenmcg off what some imbecile baa been doing.' Victor Emmanuel walked away laugh ing, merely exclaiming, ' I am the imbecile.' Bean DHnrcnra i- America.— There is, we we informed, says an exchange, a man in Cin rinatta who his repeatedly drunk (and stands ready to drink any day) twelve glasses of beer ?while the fire-bells are striking 12 o'clock at noon 'When allowed to save the time wasted in con Vfving so many glasses to and from his lips by ponrirg the beer into a large bowl and drinking from it. he has taken the contents of seventeen glasses while the hour was being struck. The Wer glasses bold one-tenth of a gallon each. Seventeen glasses would, therefore, make a full fallen and a half of beer, after making due Mlowscce for foam. The time required to strike the neon hour on the fire- bells does not exceed l.alf a minute. It remains for physiologist* to explain where the gallon and a half of beer which Farbangb is able to pour down his throat hi the time named goes to. It does cot make h'ra drnnk, and he claims to feel no bad effect after thus gorging himself. The discovery of this case led the reporter of the Cincinalia Commfrcial to go tbe rourds of the breweries, with a view to ascertain the possibilities of beer drinking ; and he found two instances in which a keg of beer (eight gallons) had been drank by a man in two hours for a wsger. and without causing in Icxieation. At Kauffmwsn's brewery he met with a msn who drinks more than fifty glasses of beer every day ; and has done this for s.i many years that if tbe firm had churned him 5 cents a glass for his beer instead of letting him have it for nothing, he would have had by this time to pay the enormous amount of $35,000 for it. The reporter says : — 'The men employed in the business begin work at 3 o'clock in tbe morning, and do not go home until 6 in. th» evening. Their work i* much of it heaevy, and many of them have bean thus employed ft- a score of years. They are stout and hearty in spite of their weakness for beer. Some of them f re fleshy, but in many instances their parent ? were fleshy before them. They sleep lesi than rr ost men. They are not as quick, either men trlly or in their bodily movements, as those in many of the other walks of life.' Slow Chtbsch Lectures. — The Rev. 'W. R. Fletcher, MJL, delivered the last of a series of lectures on the - Kuins and Buildings of Rome' in Stow Church on Tuesday evening, October 7. There was a large attendance, and Mr. 'W O. Bulk, J.P., Mayor of Adelaide, presided. Mr. Fletcher commenced by saying that this, the final lecture of the course, would be upon modern Eome and its most characteristic building, the Basilica of St. Peter's. He drew a comparison between ancient and modern Koine, which m every point to in favour of the city as it exists at present. The piazza of St. Peters he stated to be finer than even the forum of Trojan, the churches of to-day larger and more imposing than the temples they superseded, and the streets of modem Rome wider, more elegant, and more cleanly than the alleys they have supplanted. He drew a similar comparison, and with similar results, between the social and domestic life of the polished heathens of the Empire and that of the modern citizens of the City of St. Peter. By a reference to the large map which hung behind him he showed how the limits of the ancient and the modern cities were very different, the most crowded parts of old Rome being now occupied by deserted vineyards and ruinous gardens, while the spacious Campus Martins is now covered by a network of streets. Modern Rome up to within nine years ago was the city of tbe Popes— an ecclesiastical rather than a political city. Its sacred history clustered roand the tradition that St. Peter was martyred and was buried there. It bad many churches, but the Cathedral was the Cathedral of St. Peter. Since 1870 Rome had considerably changed, so changed that in 1872 liberty had so far taken hold of the public mind that a public debate was held, which was fully reported in the papers, in which the question of Peter's presence in Rome was openly debated. He stated it as his opinion that though Peter's episcopate was very doubtful, the balance of evidence was in favour of his suffering martyrdom there at the same time as S:. Paul, in the year 68 a d. He spoke of the four sites which traditionally commemorate St. Peter in Rome — 1. St. Pietro in Uncoli, where was pre served the chain with which he was bound. 2\. The Mammertine Prison, where he was con fined. 3. St. Pietro in Momorio, where he suffered martyrdom. 4. The great church where he was buried. The lecturer then proceeded to describe St. Peter's, andjby the aid ot a large plan of tbe church and a very fine photograph of the facade, made bis audience realize pretty satisfactorily the aspect of the great church. The church asd its buildings were said to caver an extent of about six acres. Its length was 669 feet. The height of the dome was 448 feet. A great bailding truly, bat far surpaasea by the Great Pyramid, for St. Peter's might be locked in the solid masonry of that extra ordinary structure, and require a good deal of quarrying to find it and get at it. He gave a history of the progress of the building from its foundation in the reign of Pope Nicholas V. to its completion during the last century. The church itself was the result of the united efforts of a suooession of famous architects — Bramante, Raphael, and Michael Angelo, &c;— who altored, and to some extent spoilt each other's plans. It was solemnly dedicated by Urban VIII., in the reign of our King Charles I. In contrast with this long story it was stated that St. Paul's, in London, was erected under one architect, one master mason, and one Bishop of London. The cost of St. Peter's, even with Italian rates of wages, amounted to £10,250,000, and it took £8,000 per annum te keep it in repair. He described the interior, the crypt, where is the tomb of St. Peter ; the roof, on which is a row of cottages ; the ascent of the dome, and the climb into the ball, and concluded by some remarks on the spirit of progress which characterizes this age, which while pressing oaward towards the future ought to be reverent aad anwervative of whatever is good in the past. In the course of these remarks he bade farewell for the present to the lecturer's platform, but said that so great had been the encouragement which he had received that ue would not say that his farewell would be final. This statement was received with great applause, and at the close, on the motion of Mr. A. Gore, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Fletcher for the series of discourses he had delivered. Yobsg- stheht Chtjhch.— The first of a series of lectures to be delivered in this church in aid of the Trust Funds took place on Tuesday evening, October 7. There was a good atten dance, and His Honor tbe Chief Justice pre sided. The lecturer was the Rev. T. McNiel, who chose for his subject ' Billy Bray.' The lecture was exceedingly entertaining, and was heartily applauded. Next Tuesday eveniug the Rev. J. Foster will lecture on ' Mohamme danism.' Thb Cohdeuxed Max, Lawrence. — After an hour and a half's deliberation by the Executive Council of Victoria of the case of the man Lawrence, under sentence of death for the murder of the late Mr. Finlayson, it was decided that the law should take its course, and tbe execution was fixed for Monday October 13. It is understood, states the Argus- that the opinion of the Judge who tried the, case was adverse to the prayer of the petitions for a reprieve. Tbe names of tbe following medical men were atiached to one of the petitions, viz.: — Messrs. Jas. Robertson, Williams, Jamieson. L. L. Smith, Ray, Cobb, Graham, Campbell, Blair, and Fulum. The statutory declaration, signed by Dr. Giinst was to the effect that he attended Lawrence for disease of the brain in 1877, and that he was of opinion that be was insane when he fired the shot. Mr. Castieau, the Governor of the Melbourne Gaol, on receiving the intimation of the Executive Council's determination in reference to the condemned maa Lawrence, immediately repaired to the wretched man's cell to acquaint him with the fact that it had been decided that the sentence of death should be carried into effect. Mr. Castieau briefly informed him to prepare for tbe worst, arid quietly made him aware of the decision of the Executive. Lawrence heard his fate with apparent composure, but remarked that he felt grieved on his wife's account that the matter had been delayed so long, aa he feared she bad relied upon false hopes. Sub sequently Mrs. Lawrence paid her asoal visit to the gaol, and it became Mr. Castieau's painful duty to acquaint her with the fact. She was very much affected, but at length she became somewhat composed, and had an interview with her husband. Strange Death of a Child — An inquest has been held at Hawthorn, Victoria, on the body of an infant, aged fourteen months, who died under peculiar circumstances. From the evidence of the mother, Mrs. Lamborn, it appeared that up to the day of her death the child was in perfect health and spirits, and about a quarter to 1 on that day she was sent out for a walk in charge of a nursegirl named Margaret Gallagher. The latter returned in about half an hour, and laid the child down in the cradle without saying anything to her mother, who a few minutes afterwards, on going to the cradle, found the child dead. On the girl Gallagher being told of this she merely said she knew nothing about it, and asked three times if the child was quite dead. Mrs. Lamborn said thit »he had given Gallagher notice to leave a week previous, owing to finding bruises on the child's body several times, and that her time was up on the day the child died. Dr. Emhling was at once sent for. but of course could do nothing. He deposed to having made a j-ost- moriem examination of the body, but could find no indication of the cause of death, all the internal organs being in a perfectly healthy state. There was no fracture, ltsion. or trace of poison, nor any external marks beyocd some slight bruises on the left hand and an old bruise on the right side of the face, neither of which could have had any connection with tbe cause of death. The Coroner suggested that a further examination by another medical man in conjunction with Dr. Embling and a chtmical analysis of tbe stomach should be made. The inquest is still pending. Kaval War Vessel. — The most extraordinary vessel of war ever constructed, says the Europ~ eon Mail, will shortly be launched from Chatham Dockyard. Her length is 240 feet, with a breadth of beam of 40 feet, a size which will enable her to be manoeuvred with promptness. She has a displacement of only 2,650 tons, which is exceed ingly moderate as compared with most of our large ironclads. Tbe vessel, which we may say is named the Polyphemus, is not intended to mount a single gun for fighting purposes, but for offensive operations will depend on tbe ram she is intended to carry at her prow, and the tor pedoes she will have the power of discharging — these, in fact, constituting the only offensive weapons she will possess. The ram with which tbe Polyphemus is to be fitted will, without doubt, prove a terribly destructive weapon when attacking an enemy's vessel. The ramspur will project about 12 feet in advarce of the stem, and, being kept well down beneath the water, will inflict deadly injury on any vessel against which it may operate by striking it below the armour belt of plating — the most vulnerable part of a vessel of war. As the vessel will not be armed with heavy guns for offensive ope rations, the usual arrangements connected with a war ship's armament are dispensed with, and instead a couple of ports will be placed on each broadside, from which the torpedoes will be dis charged. A novel feature will also be introduced by placing a torpedo port under the ram, thus enabling torpedoes to be discharged right ahead when pursuring a hostile vessel. The shape of the Polyphemus, as she at'present appears in the dock where she is building, is very much in appearance like an enormous pontoon. 