SOCIAL.. Although at the beginning of last month rain appeared imminent, none fell until the month ■was well advanced. In the in terim cattle and sheep suffered severely, many poor beasts dying daily for want of water; and, indeed,thesamewanttroubled most of the residents in country districts. The welcome rain came, however, at last, and there now appears to be every likeli hood of a continuance of wet weather. But with the rain has come intense cold, and hundreds of young lambs have already perished from its effects. Agriculturists have been busily engaged since the change in the weather breaking up the ground and putting in the seed for next season's harvest. The vintage returns for tliia year, despite the ravages of the phylloxera vaslalrix, are very satisfactory, and the grapes in the majority of instances are of excellent quality. On the 9th inst. his Excellency the Go vernor paid his first official visit to Gee long. He was loyally and warmly received at the railway station, and conducted to Mack's Hotel and entertained at lun cheon by Mr J. H. Connor, the Mayor. At one o'clock in the afternoon his Excel lency held a levee in the Town Hall, and he was afterwards presented with addresses by the civic bodies of the district and others. The afternoon was spent in driving round to the various public in stitutions, etc. ; and in the evening a grand banquet was given in the Town Hall, at which his " Excellency " made an " excellent" speech. The proceed ings were very pleasant throughout, and all concerned co- operated heartily to do honor to our distinguished visitor. The hon. IV. C. Smith, Minister of Education, was to have addressed his constituents at Ballarat on the evening of the 2nd inst., but during the day he be came extremely ill, and the address had accordingly to be postponed sine die. Sir Smith is now recovering from the sudden and severe attack, and is well enough to resume his Slinisterial duties. • The railway to Queensclifl'e, which was commenced on the 21st September last year, has been completed, and will be ready for traffic on the 21st inst.—just nine months from the time the contract was signed. The speedy manner in which the wort has been finished by Messrs Topham, Angus and Smith, the contrac tors, reflects great credit on them, and shows what can be done in Victoria. The line is a substantial one, being well bal lasted with metal obtained from the Chil well quarry, and conveyed by a tramway two miles in length to steam stone crushers on the Colac line. The railway forms a portion of the scheme of defence recommended by Sir William Jervois for the conveyance of volunteers, guns, etc., for the defence of Port Phillip Heads. In case of emergency a special train can travel from Melbourne to the Heads, a distance of about 70 miles, in 90 minutes, thus showing that the line is well con structed. AVe have lost some old and valuable colonists during the month. Mr Monck ton Synnot, merchant, of Melbourne ; Captain Cole, M.L.C. ; and the lion. George Harker have passed away, and no doubt after "life's fitful fever" they sleep well. Another name has to be added—that of one of our oldest and most respected townsmen, Mr A. B. White, of the firm of Holmes, White, and Co. The deceased had been in busi ness here since 1850, and had met with deserved prosperity. The failure of the City of Glasgow Bank, followed by that of Messrs Potter, Wilson, and Co., greatly embarrassed the firm, and caused Mr White intense anxiety. He ' died after an illness of three weeks, and shortly after his return from a trip to England. The Kelly mystery thickens. The gang have not shown themselves at all this month, and the police are completely bafiled. True, they have black trackers with them; but a tracker is no good with out a trail, and apparently not even a " turned leaf " can be discovered in the Strathbogie ranges, or anywhere else, to indicate that the outlaws have been in theneighborhood. The success of our Hew South Welsh neighbors in capturing " their gang " of bushrangers before they could do much mischief has been already chronicled. The gang, comprising Thos. Gorman, William Kaye, William Hobbs, and Charles JOnes, were tried at the Deniliquin Assizes on the' 18th ult., and sentenced to death ; but, acting on a re commendation to mercy, that sentence has since been commuted, and the fol lowing punishments awarded them:— Gorman, 21 years' imprisonment, the first three years in irons ; Kaye, 10 years, and Hobbs and Jones 14 years each, with the first three years in irons in every case. The alleged sympathisers with the Kelly gang, who had been remanded from week to week on the application of the police, were again brought up at the Beecliworth Police Court, on the 22nd ult., and discharged, the magistrate (Mr Foster) positively refusing to grant another remand without some specific charge being brought against the men by the police. Two of the discharged men, Thomas Floyd and John Lloyd, cousins, were drinking in a hotel at Greta on the 28tli ult., when John invited the other to try how hard he could hit him on the chest. Thomas complied, and the blow did not appear for the moment to hurt John, but in a few seconds he fell, strik ing his head heavily on the doorstep, and he died without regaining consciousness. Thomas has been committed for trial on a charge of manslaughter., It will be remembered that a man named Monk, owner of a sawmill near Mansfield, who assisted the police in their search for the bodies of the troopers mur dered by the Kelly gang, was on several occasions threatened by sympathisers with the bushrangers. These threats culmi nated, according to his own statement, on Saturday night, the 26tli ult., in an attempt on. his life. Monk states that when riding home on the night men tioned he was fired at twice by some man, one bullet striking the pommel of his saddle, and the other grazing his horse's near hind leg. The police appear to have some doubts as to the accuracy of this statement, and it has been rumored that it is a pure fabrication, and that Monk in jured the horse and saddle himsolf in order that the Government might at once carry out their promise of buying Ills mill from him, and thus enable him to sell out at his own price and leave the dis trict. These insinuations are strongly repudiated by the residents of the dis trict ; but as a feud exists between some of the police and Monk, and as charges and counter-charges have been somewhat freely made, a Board of Enquiry into the matter has been appointed by the Go vernment, and is now sitting. The General Sessions for this district were held on the 25th and 26th ult., when the following cases were tried and adjudi cated upon as stated:—Patrick Crowe, Michael Coogan, and James Monagliau, assault, not guilty ; Richard Fletcher and Edward Williams, housebreaking, not guilty, but Fletcher found guilty of re ceiving stolen property, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment ; Richard Fletcher and John Haxton, robbery, not guilty, and the same prisoners, for ille gally using a horse and wagonette, guilty and sentenced to six months' imprison ment each, with hard labor • Edward Dunn, robbery from the person, twelve months' imprisonment, with hard labor. An extraordinary case of imposition has been exposed in Melbourne. Some time since a lad, who gave his name as Alfred Pearce, was found in the streets in a semi starved and wholly dirty condition. He told a piteous tale, saying he was a stranger in the colony, without friends, and unable to obtain a situation. The police took charge of him, and money and clothes were liberally supplied for his use by charitable people, and a situation made for him. But on the Otli inst. the lad's true character was revealed. It appeared that he had been in the colony four or live years, that his real name was Ascher Prince, that he was a Jew, that his uncle (Mr Bernard Levy) could«get no good of him, :tnd that he was a lazy, loafing, young scamp, who preferred dirt to clean liness and vagrancy to work. The money and clothes collected were returned to the donors, and Prince was sent to gaol for twelve months, with hard labor. • " The last of the fatal tragedy at Colac, referred to in former letters—viz., the burning to death of a whole family by a bushfire—was heard on the 18th ult., when the enquiry into the origin of the fire was resumed. Although there were strong suspicions that the fire was caused by carelessness in burning off stumps on Mr Wliitchell Standley's land, which adjoined that held by the sufferers, there was no direct evidence adduced, and the jury were forced to return an open verdict. The thirteenth annual session of the Victoria Grand Division Sons of Temper ance was held here on the 10tli ult. It was stated that the Division numbered 900 members, with fluids amounting to £7000. Miss Maude Towusend, daughter of Mr Townsend, a squatter, residing near Co rowa, was killed by a kick from a horse on Good Friday. The young lady was well-known in Geelong, where she was much esteemed. A fire occurred on the early morning of the 8th inst. in the Market-square, by which the back premises of Mr Hodgson's , wine and spirit store were totally de- | stroyed. Insurances over the build ing amount to £900, but the loss'is esti mated by Mr Hodgson at £1100. One or two other smaller conflagrations have aroused our firemen during the month. The St. Leger Stakes of the Australian Coursing Club were run for on Thursday and Friday, the 17th and 18tli ult., at Werribce Park, and attracted a large attendance of coursing men. The stakes were for 41 puppies, at six guineas each ; tiie winner to receive £100, and the JNy ang Cup presented by Mr David Jones ; second, £60 ; tliird, £30 ; fourth, fifth, and sixth, £10 each; seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh, £0 each. 89 subs. ; 48 paid forfeit. The coursing throughout was good, and early on Friday afternoon the competition was narrowed down to four dogs, viz., the hon. W. B. Rounsevell's Rippling Avon, Mr J. Mid dlemiss' Circe, Mr C. H. T. Hart's Siren, and IMr W. J. Austin's Bubastis. Owing to the heat of the weather and the hard ness of the ground these gentlemen wisely agreed to divide the stakes. The Puppy Stakes of the Grant and Polwartli Coursing Club were run off on the 7th inst., at the Marathon Estate. The attendance was very fair, and the sport, though at times rather tame, in conse quence of the hares lighting shy of the beaters, could hardly have been excelled. The Stakes were won by Mr Jeffery's Leah, Mr Edmondson's Lupin H. being runner-up,- and Mr Jeffery's. Lizette third. The Tasmanian Plate and Ernest Stakes of the Victoria Coursing Club were run off at Sunbury on the 3rd, otli, and Otli insts. The Plate was for 28 all-ages, at seven guineas each. Winner, £60 and a piece, of plate valued 50 guineas, presented by Mi Joseph Clarke; runner-up, £40 ; two dogs, £20 each ; three dogs, £7 each. It was won by Mr W. B. Rounsevell's Ron deletia. The Ernest Stakes, which were for 16 all-ages at four guineas each, win ner to receive £30 and runner-up £20, was won by the same gentleman's L'Ami. \- In amusements there is not much to note. Following the San Francisco min strels, who were performing for a few nights at the date of our last summary, we had a visit from the Juvenile Trouba dours, a bad of clever children, on the 21st, 22nd, and 23rd ult. On the 5th inst. the Vivians' Specialty' Company gave an entertainment; and the Princess Dramatic Company opened on Monday night in " Ten Nights in a Bar-room." They remain throughout the week. Cricket has given place to football, and although the season for the latter is just commencing there is evidence that it will be a particularly vigorous one. Football is our most popular pastime, and its ad mirers have more than once hinted at the possibility of arrangements being made, either to bring an English team here, or to send an Australian one home, to contest the supremacy. We may mention that it is probable that the Geelong club, the present premier of the colony, will send a team to Adelaide this year. The" following new." insolvency schedules have been filed during the month :—John Chalmers, grazier, of Rokewood. Causes of insolvency—Depreciation in value of, and being unable to realise on, stock ; also, heavy losses on stock, heavy rent of leased land, and depreciation in the'value of property. Liabilities, £831 3s 8d; assets, £794 lis.; deficiency, £36 12s 8d. Joseph Green, laborer, of Birregurra. Causes of insolvency—Loss of a horse, and ■want of remunerative employment. Liabilities, £45 ; assets, £2; deficiency, £43. William Hocking, laborer, Geelong. Causes of insolvency—Want of remune rative employment, and pressure of credi tors. Liabilities, £44 13s ; assets, £4 ; deficiency, £40 13s. Jolin Cartledge, junr., of Colac, fellmonger arid dealer. Causes of insolvency—Losses in business, ' and depression in trade. Liabilities, £12G 93 : assets, £5; deficiency, £1219s. 