LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, Octoee& 2I. The Depbty-Pbesidekt took the Chair at 2 .oclock. PAPER. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hot. W. Morgan) laid on the table plana of proposed sew hundreds. MAJS ROADS AMENDMENT RTT.l. A message wa8 received from the House of .Assembly stating that the members of <that House' .had agreed to the amendments made by the .Legislative Council to the Main Road3 Amend -ment Bill without fui ILer amendment. LOAN SILL. A message was received from the Eqecc of Assembly forwarding a BUI to provide -funds to the amount of .£977,084 .for various public .works And other purposes. On the motion of the QgELEF SECRETARY ithe Bill was read a first time and the second xeading was made an Order.of the Day for Wed-" sesday next. GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS, The Hon. R. C. RASTER moved— •" That a return (in continuation of Parliamen-! iary Paper No. 91 of K79) be laid on the table .of this Council showing the amouets paid to or claimed by the proprietors of the Register and Advertiser newspapers far Government advertise ments," and stated that the motion was rather vague, hut that was owing to the way in which Paper No. 91 had been furnished. What he wanted was a continuation of that Paper, stowing the amounts that had been paid to the proprietors of Has Register and Advertiser newspapers for advertisements up to date. He did not know how it was that of late years such an enormous amount had been paid to the proprietors of these newspapers. He found from the return he had alluded to that £705 had been paid to the Register, and £772 to the Advertiser for Government advertisements, and that was only during part of the year. In an answer given to him a short time since the Chief Secretary had informed him that the sums he had mentioned did not include the amount paid f< r advertising the instructions that were issued to the liquor Laws Commission. He believed that the amonnt paid for advertising those in structions would be a very large sum, as hon. members would see if they looked into the matter that the instructions had been inserted day after r'ay ir the most ezpentive part of tbe dssly papers. He did not know what interest these instructions rruld fee to the public, as it was quite sufficient for tJ em to know that the Commission had been ap r< inled, and that evidence wee bang taken, lie tl ought that it was a needless expenditure to ad yu—.c ibttt insUucli&ts;, They fill fcciT thil Hie daily FreSsof South Axutmlia was & subsidized : Press. It was sabeidized by the Uovem-I xhent in harrying their newapapers'for nothing.! He was of opinion that it waa wrong .that these papers should be so subsidized, and i although he did not expect he could now get a. majority to do away with each a state of affairs,; yet he thought he would be able on some future ■ day to do so.. But as the papers were so subsidized it waa one reason why they Bbould not charge such j a large amount for Government advertisements. If hon. members looked up the matter they would see that it was only of late years, and especially since the present Government had been in office, that such large amounts had been pud to the; newspapers for the insertion of the Government advertisements. He was not sure that these advertisements had necessarily been given to the PresB by responsible Ministers. They might have been given by some permanent official. At all events he should like to know by whom it had been done. Then there was the advertisement regarding bush fires, which was inserted day after day in the duly papers, which scarcely ever went ■ into the country. (Several hon. members—i "Ho.") Well, not like the weekly papers. To do this waB monstrous, especially when the Bushfires' Act was better known, throughout the country than any other Act now in existence. It was well known that one of the members in the present Ministry was the proprietor of one of their daily papers. He could not understand how that gentleman as a teacher of public morality could Sennit this notice to be inserted in his own paper ay after day. He had not the slightest objection to the newspapers saying anything about him so long as it was correct, and he claimed the right in Hint Council to say what he pleased about the newspapers. He would like to know from the newspapers or the Chief Secretary why thiB item for Government advertising had so largely increased during late years. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) said he had already explained tbat the luge in crease in the amount pud for bush fire advertise ments was on account of the prolonged dry season. What would be the effect if from not giving suf ficient prominence to the provisions of the Bush Fires Act a luge fire spread over the coun try, and destroyed an immense amount of property! Such a fire would be twenty times: more disastrous than the cost of all the advertise ments put together. (Heu, hear.) The reason why the advertisements had been inserted was that it was thought necessary to give the widest, circulation and utmost prominence to the regula-1 tions regarding what precautions should be used to prevent these fireB. He did not know what the hon. 'member meant by saying that the daily papers did not circulate in the country. He knew that they used to do so to a very great.extent, and whenever he went into the country he could always obtain one. The Hon. Mr. Fisher could tell the hon. member (hat the duly papers circulated as much in the country as in the city. (Hon. J. Fisher—" Heu, heu.") The Hon. Mr. Baker had said that he did not believe these advertisements had been of the slightest good. He was not re sponsible to the Hon. Mr. Baker for the insertion of these advertisements; but if that hon. gentleman was in office he would put in what advertisements he thought were necessary. If the hon. member did not approve of his conduct in the matter let him move a motion to that effect, and they would see what would be the result. He believed tbat a great mistake had been made by not inserting advertisements regarding Government tenders in the public papers. (Hear, hear.) He thought that tor every £1 saved by confining these adver tisements to the Govemmmit Gazette £10 was lost in some other way. (Heu, heu.) Regarding the advertisement of the instructions issued to the liquor Law Commission, he would point out that the Government were not responsible for the insertion of those advertisements, DUt the members of the Commission, The Government had had nothing to do with it, but the advertisement had been very properly issued by the Commissioners, so that anybody who wished could come forward and give information upon the subject. The Hon. Mr. Baker said it was not necessary to do this, but there was an eminent authority, viz.. Dean Russell, who thought that not enough publicity had been gives to the objects of the Commission. The very rev. gentleman had said at a deputa tion that if more publicity had been given a great deal more good would have resulted from the labours of the Commission. From the opposite opinions of these two authori ties he had come to the conclusion that the course pursued by the Commission was aright one. He was no apologist for the Press of the colony, and ths boo. gentleman could fight his own battles with them, and be was sure that the Hon. Mr. Ring could also fight his own battles, if not in Parliament through the paper of which he was proprietor. There would not be the slightest objection to furnish this return, and the hon. gentleman could make what use of it he liked. The Hob. J..FISHER said as a member of the Liquor Law Commission he had to state that he considered that no undue amount had been spent by the Liquor Law Commission, and the charge made by Dean RuBsell that not enough publicity bad been given to the objects of the Commission bad been disproved. The advertisement had appeared day after day, and it was the very reverend gentleman's own fault that he had-not attended to give his evidence. Regarding the general question, he believed the Governments of tbe country had from time to time heard that there was a great waste of public money until the Hon. J. Carr had brought in a Bill to confine Govern ment advertisements to tbe GascttU. Every business man in tbe community knew the advantages of judicious advertising, and he believed that a benefit resulted from giving a certain amount 'Of publicity regarding Government works in the dsdly Press. If greater publicity were given in regard to" tenders called for great benefit would result, -but they must be careful not to over- advertise. He believed that two insertions of such advertisements in the daily papers and one in the weeklies wouldlie the means of saving much money. He believed it was a mis take to advertise the Bush-fires Regulations to such an extent as had been done, and he was of opinion that sufficient publicity would: be given in that direction if large placards -were printed and posted at the country Post-Offices® nd Local Conrts. This could be done at very little- expense; but he believed whatever course had been followed by the Government it bad not been done with a view of subsidizing the daily Press. He was certain the proprietors of the •^Register and Observer, as well as those Of the Advertiser and Chronicle, would scorn the idea of being subsidized. The 'Government would never attempt to subsidize them. And after twenty years' experience in a newspaper office he could state that the editor knew nothing at all about tbe commercial department; and, therefore, to say that the -papers were subsidized was a very great mistake. He thought a great deal of money had been wasted by giving advertise ments to country newspapers, though in the cases of contracts occurring in country districts it was a proper thing to give the local paper advertise ments. Again, to advertise Government matters in such papers as the iPortonian. Lantern, or Australian Star was altogether unnecessary, from the fact that business people in the country took either tbe daily or leading weekly papers. He thought tbe Government should only advertise in what they believed to be the most useful business papers, just in the same way as private persons would do in conducting their affairs, so as to secure thorough publicity without unnecessary expense. He did not think the hon. member Mr. Baker would be -able to sustain the charge he had made against'the papers—and he (Mr. Fisher) spoke with some authority on the subject, having spent nearly «11 his life in a newspaper office. The Hon. A. HAY .agreed with the most of the remarks of the Hon. J.'Fiaher, but disagreed with him and the Chief Secretary in stating that a saving would be effected if tbe tenders for Government works were advertiEed-in the daily Press. The sum of £2,274 7s. lOd. had been put down as having been paid for advertising; and be believed that amount could have been reduced to a very great extent—in fact to £100. It might be Btated that the Government were not subsidizing the Press, but let tbe Government withdraw their advertise ments from the papers and see whether they would be a .popular Government or not. Let the Government try the experi ment of putting their-advertisements in the Government Gazette, and then have a short advertisement in the daily papers drawing atten tion to the advertisements in the Gazette. He said one of the be6t things -ever done was the curtail ment of the Government advertisements in the papers; but the present-Government had not cur tailed but rather extended expenditure in that direction. The sooner the expense was curtailed as was done in Eugland the better. The Govern ment Gazette should he sold at a low price and attention drawn to impGrtaDt advertisements. When they had only twoleadiag newspapers in the colony and the community .was very small it was right that the advertisements should go into the papers; but as the coiony .advanced, and there were now about forty paDers.and the number growing larger every month, he was certain that unless some curtailment were effected tbe system would break down of its. cost. He did not agree with tbe Hon. J, Fisher that the advertisements should be confined to certain papers. If they went to the editors of the ifetkodislzTourmal and the Independent, or of the Fttee Lance, which guaran teed a circulation of 4,0u0, they would find that these pap.rs circulated among certain classes and went into the country, so that it might be useful sometimes to give them advertisements. The only way satisfactorily to deal with this matter was to have one acknowledged publication connected with ithe Government, and when attention had to be directed to such matters .as the Bueh-fires Regulations it could be done by. means of large placards placed in Post Offices and Local Courts. He was sure the Hon. Mr. Baker had done quite right to ask for this re turn, and he felt certain that if the. expenditure was gcing on aa.it had done in the past the House would see that there was some necessity lor retrenchment. They were going in for a new system of taxation, but if by cutting down the advertising to the extent of £3 000 the? could save that sum of money there might be no necessity for further taxation. The Hon. RiC. BAKER said the Bon. J. Fisher had assumed that he had stated the Government subsidized the .newspaper Press of -the colony by its advertisements. (Mr. Fisher—" Hear, hear."} He .had not said that, but he had stated that the proprietors of the.papers were subsidised by law by having their papersccarried free of charge. He did not insinuate that the proprietors of the Register had in any way curiiad favour for tke sake of the advertisements. (The Hon. J, Fisher—" I thoHght you implied that."! He contended that a large amount of public money bad been very inju diciously spent in advertisements to the Press of the colony, and that it should be put a atop to. Such a large expenditure had not token place formerly, jge had called public attention to the matter with the view of putting a stop to over- expenditure in advertising. He believed that the production of the return No, Si had bad great effect in checking this expenditure, mid that if the people's representatives had not taken notice of the matter there would have been a great addition to the advertisements supplied to the Press. Let the Government keep to the GazeUe. He thought the Hon. Mr. Hay had hit tbe mark when he stated that if the Government withdrew their advertisements they would cease to be popular. The Hon. A. HAY—I would explain that I did not say that, but 1 asked if any Government going into office began to cut down their adver tisements would they continue to be popular! The Hon. R C. BAKER continuing; said the hon. member had put it in a stronger light ever. He bad implied that the Government were popular on account of their advertisements, and he was not sure that he was not right in what he said, butit was the sort of thing thai it was impossible to prove. There was one question that the Chief Secretary had overlooked, and that was when he (£!r. Bate;) had jcectioced tiat it ins i b^d(mTwl£ieJcapdnBWMinlBter,Mttoaoriiej oVeraetdooB trtfiiiiklwho wished to make himself .^fhlrmotion wastbencarried. 1 EIJEOTOBAli DISTEICITSBILIi. j In accofdsDcewrtth a menage from the House of. Assembly, the Electoral Djstacto Bill was returned to that Honse. . NORTHERN TERRITORY LAND FURTHER ^"AMENDMENT BILL. The Northern Territory Land Farther Amend-: ment Bill was read a third time and passed. CONTRACTORS' DEBTS BILL. The Contractor Debts Bill was thrown oat on a division by a majority of 10. ELECTORAL DISTRICTS BILL. The Electoral Districts Bill was received back from the House of Assembly and read a first time. The second reading was fixed for next day. BANKERS1 BOOKS EVIDENCE BILL. The Bankers Books Evidence Bill was read a second time and taken through Committee, and the third reading was fixed for next day. CROWN LANDS CONSOLIDATION ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Second reading. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan), in moving the second reading of this measure, stated that hon. members would no doubt recollectj that considerable difficulty had arisen from time ; to time in dealing with the waste lands of: the colony. In the first instance -when the system of deferred payments was introduced the land was Bold by Dutch . auction. The principle of this Bystem was that the land was i offered at certain fixed rates, - and these were re duced from week to week until they came down to; £1 an acre. In the meantime people were allowed: to select land at the price they theught it was. worth. Many difficulties had arisen under that system." The next plan that was adopted was that of. limited auctione, which was tried for along time. Under it if two persons made simultaneous appli cation for a section' only those persons were allowed to compete at suction, but where one was unable to get the whole he required he was allowed to throw up the lot. The Crown Lands Consolida tion Act, which this Bill was to amend, provided a new system to enable a selector to get all the land he required in one block, and at a fan price. That system had been in operation until the present time, but had not worked at all we!L This plan had been opposed by several hon. mem bers, particularly the Hon. J. Feaiw who had, urged that it did not give the bona- fide selector a chance of obtaining land at a fair price. It might happen that two persons might be bidding for .in the Bame hundred, thmkiqg mat they were wanting the same section; but it often toot place that the man who paid £4 or £5 an acre found that his opponent wanted the land in a totally different part of the hundred. It was not the intention of the Legislature that anything of that kind should take place. A Select Com mittee was moved for by a member of the House of Assembly, which enquired into this subject, took a mass of evidence, which was almost unanimous in condemning the system, and reported against it. The Committee proposed a plan that there should be an auction of the land, and that the Surveyor-General should imme diately before the sale hand up a list of the best sections in the hundred, and these should be put up to auction, and persons allowed to bid for them. Hon. members would remember that by the present Act the area of a section was limited to 600 acres, so that a person wishing to take up land to the extent of 1,000 acres eoida only take two blocks. It frequently happened that the Mocks were surveyed much smaller than the maximum area, and it was intended to provide by the present pill that if the blocks offered were 300 acres each the selector would have the option of taking three blocks. This, however, would not have the effect of curing all the evils, because a man in , one hundred might want to buy some land adjoining his property, but in a new hundred the first selec tion that was put up might happeu not to be one that be , wanted, and so the person who received it could select the very land that the other man was anxious to ob tain. The plan, however, was worthy of trial, as be thought it would enable selectors to procure land at fair prices, and the Government could get a fair value for their land. He had stated that this alteration had been made in accordance with the recommendation of the Select Committee. Other proposals had also been made by the Committee, which if adopted would virtually alter the law of selection altogether. The Government had thought that there was not time to deal with all those matters this session, but as the subject with which the Bill 'dealt was said to be a crying evil they had thought it better to introduce a small measure dealing with the one question rather than go into the whole subject this, session. He need notnowgo into the recommendations made by the Select Committee. One of the main points in the Bill was in regard to the one-thousand-acre clause. When the Crown Lands Consolidation,Act was passed the Legislature decided that the limit whicn any person should be allowed to select on credit should be one thousand acres. Owing, how aver, to the wording of the 25th clause, persons who had previously taken up holdings and afterwards sold out found that their previous selections were counted againBt them and deducted from the one thousand acres which they subsequently desired to take up. To remedy this the Act of 1878 was passed, by which it was sought to be made clear that a person might hold one thousand acres and net more than one thousand acres upon credit at any one time, previous holdings not being counted as part of the thousand. The Surveyor General, however, read the Bill to mean that a man might hold 640 acres under an old Act and 1,000 more under the new Act, making 1,640 m all, and even the best legal authorities were divided as to the interpretation to be put upon the wording of the Acts in question. Under those circumstances the present Bill proposed to place the matter beyond ail question by distinctly stating what was the maximum area that a selector could hold upon credit. The remaining alterations effected by the Bill were of small importance, and he, would only add that in Committee he should sees to make a verbal amendment in clause 6, where the word "surrendered" had by a curious oversight been Bustituted for tbe word " maximum." The Hon. J. PEARCE did not regard the Bill as a cure for the evils of the present land system, but would support it as being a slight improvement and a step in the right direction. A genius had been defined as being a man before -his time. In that respect he felt inclined to think he must be a genius himself, for be had certainty always been before bis time in his views on the, land question. He was, and always had been, of -opinion that they would never get a thoroughly satisfactory land system until they had the land surveyed in the largest blocks which the law allowed a selector to take up. If the maximum was^xedat 1,000 acres, then let the country be surveyed in thousand acre sections, and to meet the case of the poor selector who could not take up a whole block, let him take up-® subdivision. The re mainder of the section would be much increased in value by tbe labours of "the first selector, and the Government would get an enhanced price for the remainder without any injury being caused, to a single human being. He objected to the auction system altogether. A few extra shillings might be wruDg out of the selector at auction, but in the long run the revenue of the country-suffered by it. Again, the method of -determining-fcy auction who should have a particular-section was altogether unsound. It would be far-better to have a thorough classifi cation of tbe land, and if nothing better than the present auction system could be devised let the sections be drawn for by lots. Although he was. as he had intimated, not particularly in love with ;j the Bill, yet, like- other politicians, as he could not A get exactly what he wanted; jae must take the next i best thing he could get, and-would therefore support « the Bill. is The motion ifor the seocud reading was thenSj carried. In Committee. Clauses 1 to .6 were-passed. Clause 6. Selector not > again to select upon; credit. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon, W. Morgan):, moved to strike -out the -word " surrendered1' the 17th line and insert " aaauimum." Carried. Tbe remaining -clauses ,-having been passed, without amendment; the - Ceuncil resumed, the Committee reported, and the report was adopted. The Standing Orders -were then suspended to enable tbe Bid to pass through its remaining . stages without delay, and the Bill was read a third time, passed, and -returned .tc the House of As sembly with amendments. NORTHERN TERRITORY* INDIAN IMMIGRA TION 'BILL. The Northern Territory Indian Immigration Bill was considered in Committee. Leave wasyj given to the Committee to sit- ngain on the follow-:" ing day. ADJOURNMENT. On the motion of -the CHIEF SECRETARY J (Hon. W. Morgan), the -Council adjoumed.&t; 5.12 p.m. till the next day at£ o'clock. 