FARMING AT MOUNT GAMBIER. No. IV. TO THE NORTH AND NORTH WEST Thee District of Mount Gambier West is not divided into wards, and therefore, we shall designate the agricultural holdings dealt with in the present, article the northern and north- westerly farms. The locality to which we refer is that lying between the Milllcent and Penola roads, embracing part of what is decidedly the finest agricultural country in the district of Mount Gambier. We have said in former articles that the soil for nearly three miles to the east and south-east of the Mount is a rich, black, friable, volcanic loam. Scarcely do we pass the Corpo- ration bounds to the north and west before the land changes from a volcanic to a deep brown loam, with clay subsoil. To the northward this description of soil continues for less than a mile. As we increase the distance between us and the town it becomes lighter and shallower, with limestone below, the hills being invariably sandy. To the north-west the brown loam continues for over two miles, and is succeeded by a stiff red soil with flinty bottom, intermixed with clay. The top soil is about six inches deep. Then comes a layer of flinty stones of all sizes, about five inches thick, with clay around and below. Thousands of tons of these stones have been re- moved in ploughing during the last 20 years, and they are being removed to this day. Some day no doubt, the farms will be entirely clear of them. This is the kind of soil we and in the neighbourhood of Torrensdale, which is par excellence the wheat-field of Mount Gambier. Beyond Torrensdale a mile or so the land be- comes more stony (or rocky we should say), the grey dolomite in immense masses in many places preventing ploughing, and the soil grows lighter. Wheat growing is the leading pursuit in the north and north-west this year. It always has been so. Some very large fields are met with, particularly around Torrens- dale and between there and the town. Directly north, wheat growing has not been so success- ful, and a great deal is laid down in pasture. This year the crops there having been blessed with a splendid season, and escaped the frost, have in some cases been ruined by the grubs, which have been more than ordinarily troublesome. In several instances the land has had to be re- sown with oats. Messrs. P. Simpson and W. Barrows had to resow with oats portions of their fields, and Mrs. Fidler intends to do likewise with a large part of her crop. In several other fields these pests have cleared large patches and thinned the whole. Let it be understood that in every case where the grubs have done damage the precaution of letting the ground lie fallow for three or four weeks before sowing has for fear of weeds or some other reason been ne- glected. In the north western farms the grubs have not been so destructive, and in many large fields have scarcely shown their presence. The late frost too, strange to relate, did very little injury. The crops in this direction are looking very fine. Their appearance is much more pro- mising than last year's crops were at this time in fact fully up to 40 bushel per acre years. In no part of the Mount Gambier district does the wheat look so well. Last year the crops were deteriorated by frost and rust, but the aver- age in this locality was about 10 bushels—higher, we believe, than any other place in the district— but in many former seasons the yield on most of the farms has ran from 30 to 40 bushels, per acre. Mr, James Mitchell had the magnificent yield of 46 bushels per acre one year. This comes close up to the Californian valleys. Even the year before last Messrs. Peters, Sassanowsky, Atkin, and others, in some fields obtained about 40 bushels per acre. The highest yield last year was 15 bushels, reaped on Mr. T. Honan's farm, about half way between Torrensdale and the town. There the soil is the rioh brown loam with clay subsoil above described. The largest grower in the area we are now writing of is Mr. Creek, who has 120 acres under crop beyond Sutton Town. It has a grand appear- ance. The general mode of treating the soil here is to take a crop of wheat or other grain once in three years, letting it rest two years in, grass. Mr. Collins most of whose farm is a dark loam with clay subsoil, takes one crop off, and then lets it remain under grasses from three to five years. Mr. Sassa- nowsky who has a splendid farm of 320 acres in one block, soil red with flint and clay below, has it divided as nearly as possible into fifty acre paddocks. He grows 100 acres of wheat every year and usually fifty of potatoes, taking a crop off the potato-paddook the following year. By this means his land is allowed a two and three years rest. Summer fallowing is fouud very, beneficial in some cases. Mr. Collins was one of the farmers entrusted by the Agricultural and Horticultural Society with a portion of the red and white Paris prize wheat. He sowed it at the same time us his other wheat, without any preparation, The crop around is magnificent, but the prize wheat came up very thinly, and seems to bo growing very slowly, Mr. Collins does not think it will prove successful. Barley and oats, of which there is a consider- able area in, are looking equally as well as the wheat. They seem to have suffered less from the grubs. Potatoes are cultivated chiefly within an easy distance of the Mount, as it is found the stiff soil is not so suitable for them as the volcanic. On most farms to the north they are not grown extensively because of the frost. Mrs. Bora is the largest grower in the Torrensdale neighbour hood this season, and has planted 86 acres in a field where most of the small stones have been ploughed up and removed by much labor. Mr J. Mitchell will have 7 acres, Mr. Holloway 11 acres, Mr. W. Milton about 80 acres, Mr. J. Schmidt 13 aores, Mr. Locke 8 acres, Mr. Sassanowsky 20 acres, Mr. Honan 11 acres. Mr.'Jas.Cock 10 acres, Mr. Masson (in Geoghegan's old farm) 70 acres, Mr. Prior 16 acres, Mr. John Cook about 18 acres, Mr. J. Newton about 20 acres, Mr. James MacArthur (on the Penola road) 10 acres, Mr. Simpson 10 acres, Mrs. Pannell 10 aores, and Mr. Collins 40. acres. Estimating the area under potatoes not specified above at 50 acres, we find that about 410 acres will this year be devoted to potatoes in that part of Gambier West dealt with in this article. The mode of planting adopted varies according to circumstances. Where the ground is friable and clean, one ploughing is generally considered sufficient, and where it is stiff and there is a liability to weeds it is ploughed twice or three times. In a few in- stances the wheel is used for planting, but the more general plan is to drop the seed in the furrow. The early potatoes in these directions were uninjured by the late frost. We may here state that Mr. J. Schmidt and Mr. Milton are the remotest potato planters at Compton this season. The latter is planting his in a nice valley near his residence, seven miles from Mount Gambier. The soli is a black loam with clay subsoil. The grazing paddopks in the country we have to-day under review are generally highly im- proved and excellent in character. Clover and trefoil are the favorites grasses, but in poor soil they do not grow well, and Bromley and rye-grass succeed better. Near the town clover and trefoil are chiefly grown, and the feed afforded by them at this time of the year is abundant. Mr. Collins, three miles distant, finds clover, trefoil, rye-grass, cocksfoot, and prairie the best grasses, and he has all five in his fields. He has for years grown Bromley grass principally, but he has now discontinued it entirely. He is sorry he, did not do so long before. It not only impoverishes, the ground, he finds, but makes the stock scour seriously. There is an almost universal antipathy to Bromley in this quarter. Mr. Mitchell, Torrensdale, prefers, clover, trefoil and rye grass, and most of the famers in that locality do also. A few use Bromley and olover. There is a good deal of sorrel in some paddocks at Torrensdale, parti- cularly on Mr. Atkin's land. He says he cannot get rid of it notwithstanding that he sews grasses every few years. On Mr. Schmidt's farm at Compton a good deal of sorrel has shown itself, but that is the result of the disastrous, fire last year. It destroyed his crop and the grasses he sowed amongst it, and now sorrel takes their place. Mr. Charles Holloway, of Compton, has been experimenting with Phillips's blue grass and Kentucky blue grass on the lighter portions of his farm. He prefers the former for light land. It looks very flourishing there at present. Bunch grass (an excellent pasture) also proves itself a strong grower on his property. He con- siders Bromley grass a weed. Most of the grasses, excepting rye-grass, Bromley, and a few other kinds, require to be renewed every two or three years, and that course, as we have seen, is followed on most farms. Mr. Collins was entrusted with a portion of the grass seed recently obtained from Dr. Schomburgk by the Mount Gambier Agricultural and Horticultural Society. He sowed the seeds of the whole four- teen varieties in a choice spot beside his garden but only four or five grew. Bromus unicloides is growing well, and appears to be a good grass. Lolium perennis has also come up thickly, and bears a striking resemblance to rye-grass. Cer- atochlos Australis is getting on fairly well. It looks like wild oats more than anything else. Holcus lunatus has grown pretty well, and looks somewhat like Yorkshire fog. Only a few weakly plants of the Kentuoky blue grass have grown, but that must have been the fault of the seed, as Mr. Collins has some bunches of this grass growing most luxuriantly. It spreads rapidly from the roots, and Mr. Collins values it very highly. Most of the farmers keep a large number of sheep and cattle. To the north Messrs. W. Sutton, Kennedy, and others devote most of their attention to grazing; Mr. J,.MacArthur also keeps a number. In the way of Tor- rensdale and Compton most of the farmers keep a large number on their excellent pastures. The sheep kept are in nearly every case cross-bred Lincolns. Mr. Collins this year intends keeping merinoes. A considerable amount of dairying is done on some of the farms. Mrs. P. Simpson, Penola road, has for years maintained a position as one of our most extensive and successful dairy women. At.present she makes a large cheese a day, and about 40 lbs. of butter per week, which she calculates is fully equal to 100 lbs of butter a week. She will continue doing so for three or four months, when she will make butter only. She considers her yearly average over 40lbs per week. She finds a sale for all her dairy produce without depending on any storekeeper in town. Many of her customers will regret that she and her husband intend retiring from farming pursuits in a few months and visiting Europe. Mrs. Barrows makes 40 lbs, butter per week all the year round, whilst there are a good many other farmers who regularly sell from 20 lbs, to 30 lbs. on average per week. We can mention the following:—Messrs. R. Peters, Joseph Mitchell, Nichterlein, and Sassanowsky, Messrs. Hoglin, John Sutton, sen, J. Schmidt, and others also do a good deal in this way. We are assured that dairying is a most profitable in- dustry, and many of the farmers congratulate themselves that they are blessed with wives who are good dairywomen. Young women may take a hint from this. Several also go in for pig feeding in a small way. Failures in the past have well nigh extinguished the pursuit, and now, when it would perpaps be profitable, farmers who wish to resume it find pigs hard to procure. Two of the best lime-stone quarries in the district are situated on the proportios of Mr. John Powell, near Sutton Town, and Mr. S. Holding, Torrensdale. Mr. Powell's has been open almost from the time he came to reside at Mount Gambier, twenty three years since. It has proved itself a most valuable thing for the district—in fact it may be literally said the town of Mount Gambier rose out of it! Mr. Holding's quarry has been opened a few years only, but its stone is of excellent quality, and Mr. Holding has done a fair business in this way. The farms in the part of the district we are re- ferring to have been established from 18 to 23 years, and the improvements on most of them are of a substantial nature. Handsome and costly, cottages, and farm buildings have sprang up in all directions. This has been the work of the last five years. Almost every farm house is surrounded by a good fruit garden and in some cases flowers have a prominent place. The fences are of a sub- stantial nature. In general they are post and rail. Where stone is abundant, many are con- structed of it. The stone fences might with little extra care be made fire- proof, and as they are cliiefly found on the outside farms adjoining the Moorak-Glencoe estates, their being made close enough to prevent fire passing through ought to prevent such loss. We observe that where the heavy bush-fire in January last des- troyed the stub and post and rail fences, first rate wire fences have been erected. Whilst on the matter of improvements, we should touch upon those made by Mr. Williams on his farm at Drop Drop, the property that once belonged to Mr. John Frew, now of Hor- sham. The soil is a good red loam, but was thickly, intermixed with small flint stones. He had it all ploughed 10 inches deop, and every stone removed; he has planted ornamental trees on some portions, and is now erecting a pretty red and white stone cottage upon it. Mr. Matheson is in charge of the farm. The man- ure used on the farms, and this very sparingly, is chiefly farm-yard manure. Mrs. Bors is using on of her property the bat guano found in the part caves on her farm. Mr. J. Powell, we may say, is also experimenting with this on his farm at Glenburnie, but is not at present prepared to declare what the effect will be. At present, we understand Mrs. Bors and Mr. Powell have the sole use of the guano. The roads here, and indeed in Gambier West generally, are far superior to those in Gambier East. It is quite a pleasure to travel upon them. At present special attention is being devoted to the road leading from the way of Torrensdale and Compton towards the site of the promised siding on the railwayline on section 508, hundred of Blanche. We omitted to mention , in our last article about hop-growing in Glenburnie. Mr. J. Kilsby of Red Camp, had a portion of his large hop-garden damaged by fire last summer, and he has in consequence contracted its dimensions considerably. He will have about nine acres this year. Mr.C. Hateley has also an acre on his property about a mile from the town. He has gathered as much as 800 lbs. some seasons from it. 