? (Daylajord Advocate, 11th March) Yesterday a bnsh-fire broke out at Husk Creek. On the east side of the road from Husk OreeK, the burning trees completely surrounded the farms of Messrs Bremner Bros, and 1 homas BQ1, and at nine o'clock last night the fire was advancing with great force towards Lawrence's farm. Happily towards ten o'clock the wind changed round, and it was thought that this would have the effect of checking the progress of the flunes. On the west side of the road, the farms of Mr Beardsell and his neighbors were also completely surrounded by burning timber. Mr Wheeler's homestead was then in a most perilous position, as the whole of the hfll at the rearof his farmhousewas one mass of fire, and there was so doubt in the minds of thoEe battling with the progress of the fiunesthat the whole of his forcing had been sacrificed, and that bis homestead must follow Burning trees are continutlly filling, and. In breaking op. serve to feed the flunes. White viewing the teens from Wombat Hill last right, we distinctly heard the crash of falling trees. But close to the soene of the fire the noise of the descending timber was like the roar of artillery. At nine o'clock a m. the Acmes were making rapid headway towards'ttalUn Hill, and from their strength and intensity at Wheeler's lane, there appeared at that time no hope of arresting their onward oonrse. The farms at Wheeler's lane were in immin.ni danger, aa the trees in the vicinity were on fire their whole length. A firealso started up in Mr Murphy's paddo^ near Trentham, bnt by the exertions of those who were got together, the .flames ware beaten bade from the homestead and haystacks. The fire advanced, however, to the holding of Mr Proctor, who occupies the next farm, and earned everything before it The fanoea were reduoed to ashes, and notwithstanding the efforts nude by all available hands, the fire travelled to the homestead and destroyed everything upon It—grass, honses, stacks, grain, and a new thresling machine. In fact Mr Proctor has, it is believed,-Iost everything he possessed The people of Trentham turned out en iruk, and horses and dray were strenuously endeavoring to removethe property of those farmers whose homesteads were situated on the course being followed by the flames. About two miles this side of Trentham another fire started, burning apparently from the edge of the line, bnt every available hand turned ont to keep It in check. One faxmar, whose name we did not learn, was peri on-ly injured by its coming on his farm. 