NEWS OF THE DAY. We were to-day enabled to move the literary and business departments of The Herald back to tho premises formerly occupied, which wore partly destroyed by fire in the latter part of December last. Wo are not un mindful of tho fact thnt, while the various departments of the paper were carried on in different premises, items of news were missed. Now that the whole business is again carried on under one roof, wo hope to be able to supply any .short comings which may have occurrod since the fire in our premises. The publisher will he glad to receive information from any persons who experience a difficulty in obtaining The 'Herald. Wc desire to thank ourreading and advertising friends for the consideration shewn to us in our recent difficulties. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly lias tliis day issued n writ for the election of a member to servo the Legislative Assembly for West Bourko, in the room of the late lion. J. T. Smith. The nomination day is fixed for the lltli February, the polling the IStli, and return of writs 2Cth 111st. Mr Lalor appears to have been actively engaged 111 good work while in Sydney re cently. The Commissioner of Customs is fully alive to tho necessity of doing away with the border duties, and it is to bo hoped that the overtures which he recently made to the New South Wales Government, and which he will resume shortly, will bo favourably entertained by the anthorities of the sister colony, and the vexatious harder duties become a thing of the past. If Mr Lalor can but accomplish tiiis, he will have rendered good service to the community. At any rate, lie deserves commendation for his exertions in this matter. Up to the time The Hhrald went to press no intimation had been received from Mr -T. T. T. Smith as to whethor or not lie would offer himself for West Bourke. Mr Smith's friends consider it unlikely that he will offer himself. A number of Ministers are out of town, so that should Mr Smith decline to stand it is not likely that the gentleman who is to receive the Ministerial support will be selec ted till they return. Dr Crooke is very mueh better to-day, and retains his complete faculties. His friends state thnt there is 110 foundation for the rumor < which have been circulated about his illness, At the same time they are very reticent as t > the nature of it, Yesterday an inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the escape of Martin Wiberg was commenced. The press was admitted, but at the request of the chairman, Mr Richardson, the evidence taken was held over. Unfavor- able comment has been made on the fact that while Mr Secretan and Detective Duncan, who were present when Wiberg escaped, are in town, and, therefore, cognisant of what is going on, the third officer present at the time of the escape, Detective Mahony, is away in Gippsland, and is, therefore, placed at a serious disadvantage in defending himself. It will be necessary for the board to see that no improper advantage is taken of anyone interested in the result of the inquiry. The public desire to ascertain the truth in this matter. The new postal arrangements with Sydney and Adelaide appear to be working satis factorily. Mr Patterson allows no difficulties to stand in the way of public convenience, nor is the Commissioner of Hallways behindhand in this l-espeet. It is satisfactory to find Ministers thus studying public require ments. The absurd reasons for which deputations wait on Ministers and take up their time wa3 illustrated to-day, when a deputation from Essendon waited on the Minister of Public Works to bring under his notice the fact that they had been called upon to pay the startling sum of £G by the Yan Yean Water depart ment as charges for having lowered the levels of tho pipes along the Epsom road, in com pliance with a request from tho Borough Council, as they were excavating 011 the road. Mr Patterson considered that, rather than waste the valuable time of so many gentlemen and hia staff, lie would pay the amount, and relieve tho anxiety of the deputation. The Land Tax Commission resumed its sit tings at the Treasury buildings to-day at 11 o'clock. The commission have been engaged in thoir administrative capacities since tile 21th December last, since which time the commis sion has not sat. The appeal of Sir .Samuel Wil son was the next on tho list, and is tho sixty- third in the orderof hearing, the estate consist ing of (i8,7G9 acres in the countries of Hampden and Grenvillc wore placed by the Crown in the third class. The hon. Hubert Walsh appeared for the Crown, and Dr Dobson for the appel lant. The classifiers, MeasrH Beaver and Jen nings, were examined as to the carrying capa cities of the land, and stated their opinion that the estate could carry somewhat moro than a sheep to an acre. Mr Lindsay, the manager of the estate, was then called 011 be half of the appellant. He told the Com mission that a number of the so-called sheeji 011 the land were in reality lainhs. The grazing qualities of the estate had boon over estimated in his opinion. The Commissioners announced to-day that jthey had it in contempla tion to change the hours of sitting from ten o'clock to four, instead of the present hours which were irregularly prolonged. Another instanco of the haste displayed by some women to have their husbands incarcer ated, and their speedy repentance and anxiety to have them liberated, was given at tho Bruns wick Police Court this morning ; on the 2!ltli ult., a Mrs Mary J. Spargo proceeded against her husband William Spargo, for _ desertion, and an order was mado against him to pay £1 per week, and find two sureties of £10 each, or one in £20, and himself in £10 for 12 months, the sureties not being forthcoming, Spargo was sent to gaol, and tho wifegjow feels that she is really deserted and " lias no means whatever." This morning she applied to Mr Shutter, P.M., to Imvo her husband liberated as she was literally starving, she had two children and expected a_ further increase. Tlicy had 110 hroakfast this morning, nnd dill not know what to do; tho police magistrate told iiur slio had taken the proceedings, aud when defendants brothers would not go bail, it shewed great want of eonitdetiee, He, how- ever, recommended her to go and find 0110 surety in £20, ond she loft tho court for- that purpose. Somo eight years ago the late Dr Tracey, who was surgeon to the East Molboiuno Ai- tillery, presented to the battery o handsome silver cup for competition, which wns to be come the final property of any member of tbe lmttery, who won it three times. The cup tins lately become the property of Cunncr Harvey, and, on last Friday evening, it was formally presented to him at tho Orderly room, Esstern Hill. Tbe cup was originally pro- scnted by Mrs Ingles, daughter of Dr Tracey, and the latter expressed a hope at the time that the lady would bo present when it was presented to the ultimate winner. Tins wish wns realised, nnd on Friday evening Mrs. Ingles presented the cup to Gunner llarvoy Mr Ingles, wlio was present, took occasion to announce that lie would present to the battery another cup (value £-10) to be competed for. About £100 .worth of gunpowder lias been fired for the Wncey Cup, there hav ing been 32 competitions and as many as 50 men firing at 0110 match. Out Friday evening the Orderly Itoom was nicely decorated with flags for the occasion, and a considerable number of ladies graced it with their presence. Captain King presided. After the ceremony, the health of Mrs Ingles wns enthusiastically drunk. Last night John Puncher was seized with a fit of temporary insanity in Bourko street, or at least, lie wished to have it believed so this morning. It seemed that he was parad ing the street about ten o'clock, an nouncing loudly his . admiration of the Kellys, and his determination to go off and join them. As ho paid 110 attention to the private rights of other wayfarers in tlie_ streets lie had to bo arrested, and this morning was fined £3, or, 111 default, one month's imprison; ment. Peter Kassmussen and his wife are the terrors of that classic region Little Latrobe street, near its junction with Swanston street. The neighborhood, it was elicited in the Polico Court this morning, had been as peaceful as Turner's Plains of Paradise. In an qvil hour the ltassnussens descended ' ill "the intdst of it, and thenceforth it became a Pandemonium. Yesterday thoy commenced to hold an entertainment of then- own about 12 o'clock in tho day, and they kept it up, with few intermissions, till half- past eleven at night. A constable stopped in and spoilt their pleasure by desiring their attendance at the lock-up. During the time prior to their arrest, thoy had variously amused themselves by smashing in panels of thoir neighbors' doors, dragging ono woman along the street by the liair, and the male llasamussen stabbed another in the wrist. At 0110 ' time there were as many as 200 people collected around the place, and the " happy pair " playfully saluted thein with a volley of bottles and brokfcn glass. Tho scene was said to be altogether indescribable, and it was only by strategy the prisonors were secured. It was given in evidence that they had- been hunted out of Derby lane for disturbing the peace of tho neighborhood, and the bench fined them £10 each, or in default, three months' imprisonment. -Ml- Montfort said he would proceed with the stabbing case as soon as the woman was able to leave tho hospital. : An elderly man, named Frederick Storey, . was arrested this morning for " sneaking" a ' parcel from one of Messrs Broadbont Brothers carts on its way from the railway station t.o town. It was' addressed to Levy Brothers, and enmo from T. Summcrscalcs, Bnllarat. Before business was commenced at the City Court this morning, Inspector Montfort brought under tho notice of the bench the' fact that there was lying in tho yard Some thing known as Edward George. It was' in such a disgusting state of filth that he had been compelled to refuse it admission to any of the cells of the lock-up lest it should befoul them. Mr Wilton, J.P., and Mr Hill, went out and inspected what proved to be the total wreck of a man who had evidently oncemovod in respectable circles. Around the Cody a host of flies were circliug;one of the legs exposed to view being frightfully ulcerated, and wasted to n shadow. Questions, with great difficulty elicited, that the unfor tunate wretch had been for 25 years in the colony. On returning to the Court, Senior-constable O'Sullivan said he had' picked George up in Collins street that morn ing, when tie was lying as if bereft of life. Ho was remanded for seven days, 111 order that he might be treated by the gaol autho rities. At the Emerald Hill Court, this morning, Frank Coffey, John Anderson, William Perry, and Edward M'Gee, and four others, wero charged with insulting behaviour. The pri soners went to the Transit of Venus Hotel, created a disturbance, and ended by brqaltiiig two of the windows. A crow'ill quickly gathered round the spot, chiefly I consisting of larrikins, who encouraged the prisoners by their plaudits. Constable llogers camo on the scene, and arrested the prisoners, whom it was difficult to identify among the mob. The bench considered the offence proved against the first four prisoners, who were sent to gaol — Coffey for three months, Anderson ana Perry for one month, and M'Gee for fourteen days. The others were- discharged. At tho Brunswick Police Court, this morn- ing, Mr Grvlla, on behalf of Mrs Snrah Over- end, applied for the transfer of the license of the True Briton Hotel, Ewing street, 'to Mr .Tolm Sotliern. The application was granted, Mr3 Overend has held the license since 1859. A special meeting of tho Brunswick Borough- Council was held last evening, and lasted from 7.30 to past eleven o'clock. The meeting was convened to take into consideration the sub-! jeet of removing tho court hack to the old court-house, inasmuch aB the Government had refused to pay a sum of £500 promised. Tlie meeting was exceedingly stormy, and ulti- mately resulted in tho following resolution being carried " That the town clerk write to Mr Cook, M.L.A., requesting him to see tho Acting.Ghief Secretary, Postmaster-General, and Minister of Justice, asking them to re ceive a donntation from the council ; also to call attention to the correspondence that lias been carried 011 with respect to tho promise of the Govcrmont to contribute £500 towards tho new Town Hnll ; also to request the Govern ment to prepare a short bill enabling tlie- Government to give full possession of tho old court-house for the benefit of the ratepayers for business only." William Henry Sparsliott was informed against nt the City Police Court this morning, for obtaining the sum of £2 and 2s .(id in goods from a grocer in Flinders lane, named Hat field. The facts wero very simple. The pri soner had gone to the shop with a cheque purporting to bo signed by one Little, a trades man, prisoner said living and carrying on business in Elizabeth street. It was soon found that Little was a myth, and a warrant was issued for the apprehension of the pri soner. Ho pleaded guilty; nnd a well-dressed person having said thnt I10 once hold a good position in society, he wns sentenced to a month's imprisonment only, in tho hope, Mr Call said, that the lesson would be a salutary one, and ho would not again lapse into a sin of a similar description. Two larrikins, named Michael Murphy and William Birch, were charged at the Emerald Hill Court this morning, with breaking in the door of ono Frederick Hitehins, living in Victoria cottages, off Market street. The pri- Boners came to Hitehins' door, nnd invited him to como outside, intimating in pretty strong language their intentions in his regard. This friendly offer was declined, however, and the prisoners disgusted to see their advances so coldly received, broke in tho front door, for whioh they wero arrested by Constable llogers, and sent to gaol for ono month encli, with hard labor. Michael Cooney, alias Ballard, was charged on warrant at tho City Court this morning, with robbery of cheques and money for £250 from New South Wales. Dootectivo Cole man stated I10 had arrested tho pri soner by virtue of a warrant received from tho (neighbouring colony, about four o'clock yesterday afternoon in M'Oulloch's sale yard, Bourko street. Detective Duncan said thnt lie knew tho prisoner as a very old thief, behaving before ho disappeared into Now South Wales, loft a strong trail at various hotels, Prisoner said that Dun can was "knarkod" becnuso I10 would not " cad" for him, and got up cases. Therefore, ho had a down on him. Mr Call remarked thnt by thnt day week I10 would hear the character he bore in Now South Wales, which might reconcile him to tho conduct of tlioso in Victoria. Ho would bo remanded till tlion for tho production of the extradition warrant. A man, named John ritclier, attempted to commit suicido this morning, and, like many a better man, l-epentod himself of it, and went to a policeman, who took him to tho hospital; l to had in his possession a four-ounce phial, labelled " 11, Sidcbottoni, dispensing phoinist, 1-11 Lygon-sfcreet, opposite Dr Flotctior'n Laudanum— /Poison." Pitcher was treated witli the stoimach pump and afterwards got to the City Coitrt, where I10 expressed his rogrci for the not lib had committed, and said ho Tia.i been driven (to it by family differences anil d,, meslic troubles. He was remanded to Satur" day, when J tr Call ordered that his wife and" daughter should be present. The Victoria Eegia is now in flower at tho Botanic Cai-dens, and may be seen this after 110011 and tiji-moiTow, A little (follow, "named James Luby, camo be. foro the City Court this morning, charged as neglected /child. Mr Hill, the City Court visitor, atated that in consequence 0f numerous) complaints that had been made rlf the aniioyanco caused to Indies i|S the streets by being followed by cliildrcp, who cither begged almost or tried to dispose of matches, ho liad kept a watch 011 som/j of them. Yesterday, he saw Luby accost ' some ladies 111 Swanston-strcot, and ask tjiein for money, and lie thereupon brought him to the city lock-up. Tho mother appeat-ed in court, and said that there was 110 occasion for the boy to beg. He had a step, father who persecuted liiin, and yesterday she had (ient him a message, nnd as lie dill not satisfy her. he rail away in dread, ns she sup. poscii, of a beating. Mr Hill mid lie had that ' morning, received a letter froni Gippsland, in . which he wns instructed to obtain a boy like the ono before the court Tho mother declined to let him go, and Call_ said lie would discharge liini with a caution to both soli and pnrcnt, that if the former were- again caught begging he would punish tlicm heavily. Children must not bo allowed to extort money from the charity of the public for women to spend the money oli- 1 tnincd in drink, which lie was informed w»j y-vnt; was done in this case. \J!ii-fessrs Gemmellj Tuckett and Co., sol', to. morrow, at tho Picture Gallery, 87 Collins, street east, next to tile Baptist Church, one of the finest collection of paintings and drawing, ever offered for salo in this city. Genuine works by Hart, Landsecr, Cooko, Sir a. Callcott, Samuel Prout, David Cox, Dawson Moreland, Weber, Gosling, Jas. Webb, p' Goodall, llpffe, Miles, Hilder, Turner, Ores', wick, Hayes, Niemann, Marshall, Sinnell and Vickers are included in tho catalogue, aj well as many others by various artists of re. pute. A Sevres China Cabaret of ex. quisite quality is also worthy of attention. Four very artistic bronzes representing the seasons arc also catalogued. We doubt if the times are propitious for tho sale of sueli valu. able works as _ those Mr Bury now offers to public competition, but the opportunity should not be lost of by those who desire to possess genuine pictures of rare excellence, by artists of the highest reputation. The Bnllarat Courier writes : — A child in » snow-storm at this time of year is rather a novel idea ; but by the aid of photography it appears snow-storms may be made any day, 110 matter what temperature the atmosphere may be. We were shown yesterday by Mr Willetts a cabinet photograph of his daughter Ada as alio appeared at a recent fancy dress party in this city in tho character of " Snow!" Tho child is represented in a snow-storm— in fact, catching the snow in tier hands— and so natural lias the artist done his work that it lends one to imagine it is real, so well does the snow seein to fall, the Hakes seeming to alight and break on the face ; while the accessories, such as rocks, cliffs, &c.;, aro well covered, and seem to hang in long flaky masses. To com plete the picture, a little robin redbreast has taken refuge on- her shoulder, as if to shelter jtself from the storm. The picture is novel in its construction, and the surrounding details are well carried out. We (Bnllarat Courier) understand that fierce bush-fircs raked in the Gordon district yester day. One lire from the Homeward Bound Gully, traversing in a southerly direction, met a second fire coming from the Egerton side, and the conflagration was immense. The mine of the Barker's United Company was in some danger at both the north and south shafts, hat admirable arrangements wore made by tlu mining manager, and for somo hours the whole of the men were employed defending tho works. We are informed by the manager, who, with one of the directors left the mine lute ia the evening, that everything was safe. The damage done, however, in the outlying dis tricts must he very serious. We learn from tho Courier, that at Bnllarat yesterday was another extremely hot day, the thermometer having registered 103 deg. in tho shade during tho afternoon. The heat was intensified, however, by a hot wind which prevailed all day, and the numerous bush-fires around the district, At Clarendon, and to wards Hal-die's Hill, two large fires were burning, while from tho reserves of the Water Commission dense volumes of smoke and flame were proceeding all day and night, and the city and town were in a dense hazy smoke towards evening. , Tj'.tJ-Jnoiai-.a Advertiser states that some thing 11ns transpired at the Leigh Road Bail- way Station whioh calls for investigation by the railway authorities. One of the porters named Deeriug lias been suspended from duty by another namedi Hussy, who is in charge, has it that this action was taken in consequence of Deering having requested Hussy's daughter to show her ticket or pass for travelling by the train the other day. Mrs Deering, who has hitherto attended to the gates, lias also been suspended by the head porter, for what reason we are not in a position to state, and the head porter lias placed his son in charge of the gates. As things at the Leigh lload Station have not been working so smoothly as could be wished, an immediate enquiry should be demanded. About twelve months ago a porter named Green was dismissed rather arbitrarily, but when the merits of the case were enquired into he was reinstated, The Bendigo Advertiser relates that the em« ploy es of the traffic department at the Sandhurst Railway Station performed a mo3t charitable action yesterday, well worthy of record. The object of their benevolence was a poor woman and a victim tounlooked for circumstance. It seems that she, accompanied by her two children, started with all her worldly effects for Denjliquin, to join some friends who were loca ted in that place. Upon her arrival there, how ever, she found to her regret that they had rc« moved lOOmiles further into tho interior, and that lier limited funds wero totally inadequate to enable her to undertake a journey with her effects such a distance, anil especially as travelling would be very expensive. She, therefore, decided to return to Sandhurst, and . accordingly sent her furniture by rail, getting ft lift for herself and children as far as Kchuca in a travelling waggon. Upon arriving at Sand hurst, she found herself without a sixpence, and consequently unable to pay the freight on her luggage. Tho acting stationmaster (Mr lollard), upon the non-receipt of the amount demanded, could not deliver tho articles, but, with praiseworthy benevolence, he started a subscription airiongst the employes of tho de partment, and in a few minutes had not only collected sufficient to pay the charges due on tho furniture, but' left a trifle for tho poor woman to start again with. We find it stated in tho Bnllarat Courier that a serious and destructive fire broke out at about half-past three o'clock yesterday morn ing, in Albert street, Creswiclc. The fire, the cause of which is unknown, originated in the store of Mr J. Harris, fruiterer and cabdrivcr, and completely destroyed the stock and build ing, over which there is an insurance policy of £700. The conflagration extended rapidly to the three adjoining properties — owned by Messrs It. A. Burton, It. Barclay (saddler), and J. Martyr (stationer) — all of which were destroyed, despite the determined efforts of the- firemen, who used their utmost endeavors t<> subdue the flames, Tho house of Mr \V. P« Jones, mining manager, on tho opposite corner, was burnt, but not seriously. We under stand that Mr Barclay was insured for £100, which will not nearly cover his loss. It k stated that an inquiry will bo held shortly as to tlie origin of the fire. reelp perceive that Mr Garnet Walch, author oqua'o Theatre ltoyal pantomime, Jade tho /' Killer, announces his benefit for tho k ,-ening of Monday next, 10th inst. After the unprecedented run that tho production hw had. For this occasion a varied and full programme, comprising additions to the pantomime, and an original farce by Messrs Brown and ... Newland, and Mr ' Walch new comedietta of Perfidious Albion will bj presented. Tho box-nlan is now open ftt Messrs Nicholson and Asoherberg's We have received from Mr M. L. Hutchinson, a little work on the First Afghan war, by Moubray Morris The Australian Natives' Association will hold its usual fortnightly general meeting this evening, at eight o clock, at the Reform Club Hotel, Elizabeth street. Members are requested to attend. An exchange prints fourteen rules for spoil- ing a child — and the quickest and most certain rule is omitted. If you want to spoil a child, give the youngster a didn't-know-it-was-loaded pistol to play with. It goes right to the spot, and no postponement on account of the weather. 