THE new Governor haB arrived and been duly sworn in; .and, on behalf of the inhabitants of Oiis district, we give him a cordial welcome to Victoria. Personally, the Marquis. of NORMANBY deserves, the utmost respect; for there are circumstances associated with Ins earlier career, as a member of the English aristocracy, which entitle him to the goodwill of all sorts and conditions of people. What he wilt prove. to be as Governor of Victoria remains, to be seen; and it will be time enough to speak about this when his £xoeUer>cy Us discharged some of the more active wort, of his office. But the Marquis of NoBMANBY now represents the Throne and people of England in this colony ; and, as Sir GEORGB JJOWEN was so fond'.of pntting it,<'in the case of colonial Governors, he is one of die .living symbols of the unity of tbe British empire. He lias a just claim, therefore, to the kindly voice of every: British subject in Victoria; and in this spirit ve welcome him, in Hie name t£ the. peopte of Ballarat and AB enrroonding dis-, tricu, to the new sphere of- his gubernatorial duties. It vill not be.denied Oat tbe Marqnis . of_NoEMAJ®Y arrives here_at_a rather critical time for himself. Politically, we are in a state of chaos; and it needs DO Seer to divine that there is en exciting fotare before as. The wire-pullers for the Conservative partly, always look to the" Governor to belp "tbem Out of their difficulties ; to «epouae iheir caaBe, and generally to do all jie can to elevate them to power, and, when -there, to keep than, aa long as possible, in offic^. Tina 'u what the Conservative leados: csll - being'neutral; and if" a Sovernor ahows this Hibernian kind of seotrality^ he can depend upon ieceiv^^liie wannest possible blessings and SHpport inaa Oat section ol die Vic- ^oriaii-community. Bat the heads Conservative party are sot in pow^r jost itow; and this"vexes tbem sorely. : They, iiowever, are hopefnl that ihe; Marqais of MoEMAMy' friBt' in some mysterious way, jgive /tbem s lift, no mattar bow pabQc ^inforrtnay trend, towards "the realisation W their ^^BairB; , snd . : iiaw -to deal with this ieqoctption . in a manner tbat will satisfy the pubBc, and deck these, aspi-'. rationB, is certainly one' of the difficulties ^ Marquis of. HOKMASBT when lie raters npon the more active Katies ias^^ioDtiim. - So far as the =lAberal portion -of the commaoity ib concerned, no diffiadty^ this ^nd !will ever TjreBent itsdf ^to-hk Excellency. The Mberal :paity- tot fair. play.; ,AU tbe^ aeare is that the T}ovar^\j)^ {emra:"Btrictly neutaal, #ccor<£ng:to4betoB! ne«fag of -ttistera^ lietayu. ^e^QvOSHitMwli^^^^^ into ^hki^-ihe ojutmuiiily is pcAiticaHy" "61- , " ! thos adhere" stricily to British: ^^y^ leave ^ vintrigning to Iheir o|^iaDaia8^ end, ti)er^are, although tfie inew. Governor may: JakB it lor Stsnted tbat he win haiB an nneasy time jof itin doe xxnrse frotn tbe Conservative leaden, tema^ equally depecdspos it Hiat, ^s,_Jong_ as he Mdheres JbD ronslltiitinnal •crorsfes, no' aiinoyb>ce of iUs -Und' will come - from ^jyb^^i^^TJPInpi^felp Jwty, indeed,!^ will raibltuaUy^ecmve tint coortesy whidi is dn6 to hbs ss 1 gentlfl- M.afhKnstDor;;iaiid itis toleln^ed datfes of his office as to be always deserving of this considerate conduct. The scheming of the Conservative party, however, is not the only difficulty which will confront the Harqnis of NORMANBY in tis. new sphere. ID a very short time from now there is bonnd to be a atifi battle saceDdancv between the Liberals and the Conservatives. The question of conBtitntional reform will be fooght oat this year; and- in doing this there is sore to arise a great deal of political excitement. We ape not amongst those who believe that the Imperial Government -will help as through oar difficulty without aid from onrselves. Whatever arrangement should be come to between Mr BERET, Professor PEARSON, and the British Cabinet, a general appeal to the conntiy here will, no doabt, be the condition-precedent of its adoption. Everything points to this being the determination of the British Government; and in all human probability it will be rigidly adhered to. It will be no easy matter, then, for the Governor to steer clear of the difficulties which will arise in the course of the nest few months. He will require all his faculties to avoid being singed by the fire of political excitement which this election will evolve, and to tide over the fierce contention that will assuredly follow. The Marquis of NOBMANBY, therefore, cornea amongst us at an awkward time for himself, and one that would tax the mind of the astatest Governor that ever held Her Majesty's diploma. But for all that may occur, there is no reason for any Governor of Victoria to feel uneasy in the discharge of his duties, or for any misgivings of this kind to disturb the peace of mind of the Harqnis of NOEMANBY. The real Bolution of all such difficulties, as politically arise in Victoria, is for the Governor to adhere strictly to sound constitutional courses, no matter who may be pleased or offended by each action. The Marqnis of NORMANBY has only, therefore, to make this bis guiding principle," as long as he remains in this ' colony, ~to' overcome" all impediments that may be thrown in bis way; to secure the goodwill of all those colonists whose good.opinions are worth hsving, and, in the end, to emerge creditably, from the whole conflict. Experience shows that daring the time be has been in Australia his Excellency has dang firmly to this principle, and' thus left" eaich of the colonies be has governed with the beet wishes following him to his new home. There is every reason therefore to believe that the Marqaisof NOBMAKBY will show himself competent to grapple with all the difficulties that will arise in the course of the nest few months, and that.no party or individual will have any just cause to' find fault with his conduct. It is too early, of coarse, to express any definite opinion on thiB subject, for Victoria has been a real hotbed for every Governor who has been in itand onethat tries the patience, and abilities of every gentleman who occupies this office. And what it haB been in this respect jn the past, it is bound to be also in the future. Bat the Marqnis of NORJIANEY has had a very warm time of it in New Zealand, and has come through the ordeal scathless. It is a fair assumption, therefore, to form That no disappointment will be caused to the majority of the people of Victoria by the new Governor who has come amongst us, and v. that in every way he wQl show himself to be well adapted ior his position. This belief at all. event is justified: by the past career of the Marquis of NORHANEY in tbe Australian colonies; and.the subject may well be left at this stage for the present. In the meantime, we join with our contemporaries in bidding the Marquis of NoR- MANBY welcome to this colony; and we hope he will never have cause to regret his promotion. It ia [rumored that a cablegram baa been received by the Government from the Premier in London, stating that the Tmimr.mn recommended by the banks in London for the new loan was. so low that Mr Beny refused to accept it In nll probability net more than half the loan, or £2.500,000, will be placed by Mr Beny on the market in the first instance, so at to get tetter terms for the amonnt raised than the banks have suggested. In all probability the first leva held by tbe Jlarqnis of Normanby will take place next Tuesday -w eek at Government House. The meantime will be taken np by his Excellency settling down in his new-home;, and replying to the addresses of welcome which lie has received from tbe local bodies. Daring the passage of tits Victoria up tbe Bay on Friday, Major Smith, on behalf of the City Council, invited tile Marqnis of Normanby to visit Ballarat; to receive the welcome of the inhabitants on his arrival in the colony. Bis Excellency said be would have much pleasure in complying with the request, the more particularly as he well remembered the hospitality with which he was received in Ballarat on visiting the town seven and a half yean ago, when en route for Queensland. Se would only be too happy to renew bis acquaintance with tiie city. It oaly now remains, therefore, for the City Coucdl to make the necessaiy axrange- 'ments for the Governor's visit, and to fix a day that wHI suit his Excellency for the purpose. A deputation of the Ballarat'East Board of Advice will meet the hon. the Minister tf Instruction at eleven SJD. to-day, at Brophy's botel, in reference to the condition of the Wtwrff street State school. At twelve o'clock the Minister idU receive a deputation with reference to the Gordon water supply, and at half-past tirelve the Bnng&ree; Board of Advice will wait npon him on State -school matters. The Eisteddfod of -1879 was held yesterday, at ~ the Mechanics' Institute, and proved to be one of the.molt cxdhanutic aad successful gatherings of the kind ever held in Ballarat. Competitors, -and otters interested in the proceedings, thronged into Ballaratfrom nearly every town in the neighborhood—some coming from Stawell and other places nearly as far removed. Tbe different Competitions and Ihe concert in the evening were attended by very targe audiences, and the large hall of ^the Mechanics'Institute could hardly contain all »bo attended. A report of the proceedings wiH he found in another column. Mary Ann WDkie, who was charged at the City Police Court yesterday with the commission of several larcenies, was sentenced ,h> fifteenmonths' -imprisonment on three of the charges made against her. Her counsel urged, as -x~defenee, that tbe prisoner wai afflicted with kleptomania, but tbe defense proved to be without avail. Considerable interest was displayed at the meeting of the Water Commission, last night, over the question al bush-fires oil thfe reserves, and even-: -toally the matter waa ^referred to the*orka committee 4or report, erery tomtnlasinpeg preeent Showing that he deiired-that something should he 1 done to prevent the recurrence of the conflagfations which, of late, hare Busatened^odestjoyjtlie homcateadsol several fanners in the neighborhood of the reeervee. , At ahoiit seven o'clock laat night, the premises of Mr Chamberlain, censisting of a store and private dwelling, atKorth Wendouree, just beyond the Wendonree State school, were totally destroyed by fire. The chimney, it appears, caught fire,and was, it was thought, pat oat, but ithliiad^ip again, and the sparks caught the roof, and Terj aoon tbe W*Ting was burnt to ashes. The stock and furniture were also consumed, and a number of banknhtes which had beeDjplaced between the mattresses pi one of the beds. The building was insured for £200, but.the total 1 oasis estimated at from £600 tojesOO. Neither of the firebrigades were present, and there, was canaequently no meaaa to hand ot rfw^ffg the flames. An exigllent prospect bt jitMyras obtained yetternay afternoon from the 0tyaf^Ball|kratiiunf^ and .waa exhibited at the half-y&Hy; meeting of the company in the evening. The sample waa washed -fcom about a couple of inches of dirt taken from a bore pnt np in the main drive at S2 feet, and con- 4btea of several rough apsdes. ItMs the best -is now deatmiing, the^uture success a the COBIpttyb almost beyond a doubt The annual fete in aid of the Creswick Hospital took place yesterday, in the recreation reserve of the local botanical gardens. There were about were about 3500 persons present, and £100 was taken at the gates. The principal event on the card—the CcerwickflaTattcsp/t* 80 top-,>wkH»dP*yS. B. Qme, of Oreawick; B. KflleeD, of Ballarat, being aeoono, and Murray, of Timor, and M'Comdck, of Gedong, tying for third place. The Hurdle Bace, of IS SOTS., waa won by M. Learnahan, of Warrenbeip, with V. Hohan, Serpentine Creek, second; and J. M'GUlvray, of Wareek, third. The vaulting with tbe pole was won by A. Renfrew, of Carngham, who vaulted 10 feet 0 inches, beating F. Townsend, of Creswick. by 6 inches. Foil par- J ticolan will be fonnd in another colamn. A very stirring eTent in the annals of local cricketing was the arrival in Ballarat of six of Lord Harris' team of English cricketers, by the 6.45 p.m. train yesterday, from Sandhurst. They were Lord Harris, and Messrs Hornby, Webbe, Schnltze, Ulyett, and Emmett, and they were accompanied by Lady Harris, her sister (MisB Ingham), and Mrs Hornby." The remaining "five are expected to arrive either by the last train, or early this morning. The visitors were met at the station by Mr Campbell, president of theB.C.C.; Messrs Chalk and Ferguson, vice-presidents;- Mr Thompson, treasurer; Mr Brokenshire, secretary, and a.number of members of committee—there being about TOO people present on the platform. The visitors were then driven to Craig's hotel, where their healths were drunk, with congratulations on their safe arrival, and cheering. Lord Harris replied, thanking the club for the kind reception they had received. He said that having heard so tenchof Ballarat, they had determined to TiEit the town. In conclusion; he aaked his own team to drink the health of the B.C.C., which, was done, and the proceedings then terminated. In another column will be found tbe names of the. teams for the match on the Oval to-day, with other particulars. At the meeting of the Ballarat branch of the Weeleyan Lay Preachers" Association of Victoria, held in the Dana street schoolroom last night, after the usual routine business, the following members were elected office-bearers for theenBuing year:—Chairman, M. D. Morgan; vice- chairman, B. Tregaskis; treasurer, J. S. Kelly; honorary secretary, J no. Letcher; sick visitors, G. Duck and W. Coltman; auditors, W. H. Hotchin and Wm. Proctor. The chairman informed the meeting that the arrangements were complete for holding the annual aggregate meeting at Wesley 'Church, Melbourne, on Monday, 10th March; aad that the Ballarat representatives were^Meesra Jno. James, M.L.4.-, Henry BeU, M.LA.; M. D. Morgan, James Bussell, and J. S. Kelly—who are also appointed -tn-preach-in -the ^Melbournechurches on tbe previous Sunday. Yesterday several of the employes of Messrs Whitten and Co. were proceeded against at the City Court for absenting themselves from hired service. Tbe defendants agreeing to return to their work asd pay the .costs -.in' the case, the dharges against them were withdrawn. A man named. John :.Gray was .yesterday fined £5 and costs on each of two charges of using abusive words in a public place. The language complained of by the plaintiffs, two young girls, was exceptionally obscene, and the magistrate showed his condemnation of Gray's conduct by inflicting the heavy penalties -mentioned above. ' The open season for hares commences to- day. We bear that game is plentiful in every direction, notwithstanding the fact that pot-hunters shoot hares around Ballarat withoatlntermission daring the dose season. At -the monthly meeting of the Clones Water Commission on "Thursday evening, it was decided not to move any further at present in the matter of construction of. a -subsidiary reservoir. Com- missioners are not quite clear as to the site that wouldte most suitable, and although the advantage, especially as regards the supply to mines, ia, unquestionable, the prospect of immediate finan- v cial return is not such as to justify the incurring of any further debt. It is therefore thonght better to expend the £150 promised by Government in the same direction, and do what is possible to increase the supply and ensure its continuity in a less expensive way, and postpone the construction of a reservoir for a time. The water in the reservoir at Newlyn is now very low, being 8 feet below the by- wash, hnt there is no apprehension of a scarcity as yet. In another column will be found the nominations for the Derby and Oaks meeting, to be run off together with the Karnes borough Plate on tbe 1st May next Messrs Bussell, Glenny, and Curtis, J.F., presided at the Town Police Court yesterday morning, and remanded Daniel Fitzpatrick, an exechoolmaster, who waa brought np on twochargea of larceny, till Monday morning. An inquest will be held this morning at ten o'clock on the remains of the lad William Craig, who died at the Hospital on Thursday night from injuries he received from the explosion of a flaakof powder he was playing with at bis father's house at Donmunkle the day previous. The adjourned meeting of- the St. Patrick's Night ball committee was-held last evening; Mr T. M. O'Brien in the chair, anda good number of other members present The following committee were elected, namely:—Messrs J. B.-Pearson, T, M. O'Brien, P. Hede, M. G. Keane.T. Macnamara, J. Dicey, Wm. O'Brien, Thomas Walsh, and P. Macnamara. Mr T. M. O'Brien was appointed chairman;'and Mr L. Molloy hon: secretary. After other routine business had been transacted, the meeting adjourned to next Monday. . At the Mechanics* Institutethis evening, a combination company of artists commence a -ehort season- Some of the mem hereof the company are favorably known to a Ballarat audience, and the programme .is sufficiently varied to provide an excellent entertainment. A genuine and liberal distribution of gifts is also announced as one of tbe attractions. The St. Patrick's Day sports programme appears -jn our advertising columns this morning. The money prizes are in excess of those of- last year. , A meeting of the Knights or Malta wfll be held at tbe Scotch hotel, Mair street, next Tuesday evening, at tight o'clock. Mr Haiknwtt is appointed returning officer for the Maryborough electoral district, via Dr Laidman, deceased. Dr Thornton will preach in Christ Church tomorrow, at morning service. Miss Kate KeUy fsays a Herald telegram) was present at the Benalla races OR Thursday, and was the object of much carious observation. A Sydney telegram in the Argus says that Mr Walter Swan, of Stawell, Victoria, is the successul competitor for the prize of £100 offered by the' Sydney Mail lor the best tale by a colonial author, "fhere were about teventy competitors. , A New Zealand paper (says tbe J$e}«tate»lhat a private letter rectified in Wellington rays that Min '-Carmichad, the heroine of the Loch Ard. had become insane--? It wfll he rememberedthat only. Miss Carmichati andTom Pesice, a midshipman, 1 were saved from the wreck, the young lady losing her Esther, mother, eistera, -and toother.:She went home to reside with a relative, but the ehock resulted Jn her mind becoming nnhinged. William Campbell, late manager of the Castlemains' branch of the well-known carrying firm of W. M^Culloch and Co, was brought up on remand (says (he "HerwWj on Friday morning, at Castleanise, on a charge of embezzlement. Tin evidence bad all been taken at a previooa-bearing, and the accused was committed for trial at the next Castlemaine 4-«*ires on the 12th May. Blul was accepted in two aureties of £500 each, and the accused in £1000: Many--residents in this district (remarks the Ararat Advertiser) will be glad to leun that some recogdtion bas been taken of The services rendered by M. B. Carroll when the notorious Seville made a murderous "attack Upon Warder* Sheehan at the Pentridge Stockade fcometime'since. It will bfe remembered that when the warder was straggling desperately.with hisaasailant. Carroll's conduct in protecting-Sheehan faad^agwid effect by queuing fasribotdinaHonnnKmgBt'tte'^iscootentedi and his courageous act iiaa, we lean privately, 'been rewarded by the iemissiim-of ihrto monthi from his term of tapriibtMMnt. " ; 5CIIB followingtelegramfiomBrishaa ^. in last nighfs flerald-.—"Troty-flre of -Abe mast experienced of She Qiwranland. native polioe have teen engaged by the Kew^ Souffi Walm ^Government, and, under long service officers, they are pto«^higJ>y:i(]tom&:t0L6ydum;wr^ KL. the eoutherndisWofs olK^^uth-WaJ^^h^J they are to lie engaged in ,the captore-«f the Kdlyf . -Thty. .£pnipriseT.'thV~ .most. '.espeReqced bushnfen to .the roree, andlt Is nnderstboajhat they tee to act inaepe'ndently tit m'timStf policeiforce of New South Wales- it is alao believedithat-theFfcto" ~ timOar engagement.' The MJniBildepsrtment-fisayl-thi-JpeJif at present^engaged, in ^ pisjwing the uaual .anr noal report respecting tbe working of mines throughout th« eobm^4>f 3ftttoriar::»oinm*etiirn to hand it appears that the dents have decreased from year to year ever since the Mines Regulation : Statute haa- heenln operation. The Ant year in whkha report was comsidled was 1674, when- time wen 46,012 -miner* coned, in conseqpenoe of W penou ware killed and 245 injured, or a.total "numbers nf 825. The wtarnabowa that laatyesl, thae T3ha attempt («ayi the G'eetoi}AfDertie«r)mide tooratJohn Ember,'* yomigardenayof Colaftte Monday last, has temtaated bMte. _Qujrh«riay Kimber sank rapidfciGPd died about noon in the hospital, to whidh^Ke he wasionovedonTuesav."^^" — HieGorlmgA dvenit&.\ U. itaae^fbete town « boiler was being tested by air pressure at the time, and when the gauge stood at 110 lb to the square inch the boiler exploded. No person was hurt by Harvest operations (aays the Crtmid Advertiser) at Ascot and CoghilTs Creek are drawing to a close. Owing to rast in tbe wheat," the results have not been satisfactory, and the average -throughout the district cannot be pnt down at more than 18 or 20 bushels to tbe acre. Even this yield wonld be esteemed good, no^donbt, in some-puts of the country, bat for the tfeh lands hereaway it is very low. 