FIRE AT SlfTTHESDALE. FFBOX OIKOWNCOHRBSFONDENT.) Early this (Wednesday) morning a bach-fire broke out in the ranges west of Smythssdale, near the paddocks held by Msacra It'Eamn a-d Bang and Ffleiderer. Fanned by the strong wind the flamse quickly spread, and as little or no asslbtanoe oould be obtained owiog to the distance from Sttythesdale, the fiie conld not be chucked before It had done a great deal of damage to the fences, burnt the onttonses on ilr JI'Kerrin'd land, and also a fine stack cf hay, containing about 25 tens, belonging to Messrs bang and Tfieiderer. The fire then spread rapidly towards SmytLeadale; and as there appeared to bo-great danger that the houses across I'nnce'a brides, belucgiog to Meesrs Wilson, Hoars, Cummings, would be burU, tbe fire-bell was rung, and tbe engine and hesa taken down to the creek, whence a good snpply of water was sent up t ( the cottages inonii'jaod, and all immediate ri>k to them averted. Ibe firemen also managed by dint of great exertim to save Mr Gait's dwelling, at the fclanghter-yard,althonghthey oould not preventthefei.ee being boint; and afterwards snoreeded in beating out the fire in Ur Bott'a paddock. As may be imagined, the heat was something frightful, and tbe willing helpers at the fiie are greatly indebted to our worthy townsman. Mr byer, who with kindly forethought Bent up a barrel of water, and followed hirruell with a few bottles, the contents of which proved very acceptable, 'ibe principal sufferers are air M Kerriu, who haa lutt a large quantity of fencing and a stable, bnthonse. &c.; Messrs Fang and Pfleiderer, fencing atpaddock and slaagb er-yaid, and s:aok rf bay, the lat:er bring insured in the Alliance Company for £50. which is little more than the hall of its value; and ilr £. Baft, the most of whose paddcck Is burned. A large bnsh fire is aI.-o raging towards Bote' Creek, in fact, tbe whole country ronnd appears to be in a blaze and-tho town tbls evening is fnJ of smokn. It i: fervently to be hoped that Thursday witt not be so hot, as there is too mnch reason to fear that with another scorching day tbe smouldering fires will break out ag.io 