TOWN TALK. : Renter telegraphs that to-day Mr Berry and Professor Pearson, will have an inter view with the Secretary of State for the Colonies. We learn from Smythesdale that Doctor Jordan, while travelling yesterday "between Staffordshire Reef and Kangaroo in a bnggy driven by his daughter, was run down the Range and capsized, and had his left arm broken. We are pleased to notice' that Mr W. P. Beebervaise, the manager pro (em of the Electric Telegraph Department, Melbournej was the "recipient yesterday of a valuable watch, Bubscribed by the public of Ballarat, where Mr Bechervaise was for many years post and telegraph master. From onr own knowledge, and by general testimony, Mr Bechervaise is one of the most able and effi cient officers of his department, his appoint ment to the charge of the Melbonrae office testifying to the official confidence reposed in him. It' would be well if Mr Twecddalc, the | inspector of nnisances, were to direct bis i steps to the "eastern part of the town, and imported the goats that are continually roam ing about the streets, to the annoyance of the residents." - The animals are day after day | getting into gardens by pushing the palings on one side, and forcing their way through | the fences. If a gate is left open," in a few i minutes they destroy everything that is cat able, and if they can find an opening in the tree guards sufficiently large for them to get their heads through, they immediately bark the "street ■ trees. The goats should be im pounded and the owners fined. " An accident happened in Moorabool-strcet J yesterday forenoon through a runaway [ horse. Mrs O'Dea, the wife of a farmer, left her; horse attached to a wagonette un protected in the street whilst she went shopping. - The horse took, fright, and bolted up Moorabool-streot. ■ When opposite the shop of Mr Pardcy, chemist, the run away ran the wagonette against a similar I vehicle owned by Mr Thomas Sceney, pro- j duce dealer, of South Geelong. The col lision smashed the hind axle of Mr Scenoy's trap, as well as .the near shaft. The runa- j way was caught in Little Ryrie- street before | any other damage had been done. A meeting of the friends of Pastor Chini- ; quy's Mission was held last" night in 'tbe Young Men's Christian Association Rooms. There was a fair attendance, Mr Hensley occupying the chair. The business con sisted of making arrangements for the lcc tures and reception of Pastor Chiniquy, whose programme will be published in a few days. He will preach in one of I the local churches and in the Mechanics'! Hall on the Sunday following his arrival. Mr Hensley was elected" Chairman of the I Committee, and Mr AY. J. Reid" Secretary and Treasurer. A . Committee was also | nominated. A magisterial enquiry was held yesterday afternoon .by Mr Heron, P.M., on the body of an infant, aged four and a half months, the child of Charles Richard Steanc, grocer's assistant. The enquiry was conducted by Sergeant Morton, and took placo at the father's residence, in Villamanta-street. It appeared from the evidence that, the child -being ill from consumption and shortness of j breath, the mother, after administering medicine herself, went to see Dr. Robinson, of " the Homoeopathic Dispensary, Ryrie . street, and he not being in, she took the child to the dispensing department, where Albert T. Owen, a3 his father's assistant, gave her two bottles of homoeopathic medicine. Dr. Pincott was sent for next morning (yesterday) at half-past six o'clock, but the child was dead. The doctor held a posl-mortcm examination, and fonnd that the child had died from syn cope, and he thought that if a medical man had been called in the child's life might have been saved. A verdict was returned that the deceased infant had died from syncope and Mr Heron strongly animadverted on the fact of the chemist's assistant prescribing for the child without a written prescription from a legally qualified medical man, and men tioned that, as the depositions would be sent to the Crown Law Office, the proper authori ties might institute further proceedings. A wedding party without a bridegroom is .rather a novelty, yet one took, place yester day in a neighboring town. The bridegroom, having made all arrangements for the mar riage ceremony, went into a distant part of the country to arrange little business mat ters without letting the bride know, aud he missed the train which was to convey him to the township where the nuptials were to be celebrated. The marriage party arrived at the church and anxiously awaited the com ing of the bridegroom, who, however,* did not appear, and when the party were about tired of waiting a telegram was received an nouncing that the derelict bad lost the train. The wedding breakfast will no doubt be con sumed to-day. The scholars attending the Sunda/scliools connected with. St. Paul's and St. Peter'3 Churches, in Ballarat, held their annual picnic in Geelong yesterday. " A special train consisting of 11 carriages, and con taining 400 adults and children, arrived shortly before ten o'clock. The excur sionists had splendid weather, and,"-like previous parties this season, enjoyed a very fine outing, and visited the whole of the town and suburbs., Many of the strangers patronised the baths, aud a very large num ber. attended to witness the swimming matches. - ■ A letter' from a resident of South Aus tralia, received yesterday by a gentleman in this town, states that great bushfires have occurred between Penola and Narracoorte, thousands of acres of grass having been con sumed; Xo give an idea of the losses sus tained, the writer of the letter reports that one squatter has lost at least £3000 worth of fencing on his properties. A robbery occurred on Monday afternoon at the house of-Mr John Honey, Elizabeth street, ICildare, during Mr. Honey's absence at the sale-yards. The thieves thoroughly ransacked the houso and stole a couple of sovereigns, a watch, and several articles of jewellery. Rather a startling scene^took place yester day at the Police Court, after a woman named Moose had been remanded for lunacy. The poor crazed creature made a rush for the door, which was locked, and on being brought back to her seat in the AJourt she launched the most unpleasant curses on all and sin gular—the magistrates," policemen, and re porters. TJnlike Cardinal Richelieu, how ever, she did not " launch the awful cnrss of Rome" at any one,' as she appeared strongly anti-Catholic in her views. . One of the mildest of her'anathemas was that every one might "sweat blood from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet." As no notice was taken of her she soon subsided. ' Formal meetings in the insolvent estates of the following were held yesterday, but no debts were, proved :—Thomas Kemp, horse breaker, of Colac ; Thomas Kervin, laborer, Larpent; John Johnson, sawmill proprietor, Colac; Charles. Thoma3 Harris, brewer, Colac. .■ . . ' ■■■■(, " .■■■> \ The Mayor and Mr Heron, P.M., attended I at the Police Court yesterday morning, and | remanded a .woman named "Jane Moore,, j charged with lunacy, until Friday'next for medical enquiry. , . - Preparations are being made at Govern I meat House 'for' the reception of His" Ex- i | cellency the Marquis of -Normanby, and I everything will be in readiness; by the time he arrives in Victoria. - I The following five candidates have been I nominated for. Pootscray:—Messrs IV. M. I Clark, D. He well," J. Fisher, W. H. Powell, and W. Gaunson. The former has been selected" by the locale Reform ; Leagne, and i his candidature has received the approval of the Central League. It is believed that Mr Newell is the only other candidate who will go to tho poll. . . ■ A prosecution under tho Fisheries Act was instituted by Captain Payne on Monday in the Metropolitan District Court against a fisherman named Stephen Farrell, residing in Sandridge.■ .It was stated by the deputy, inspector that having examined four baskets of fish sent by. defendant from Queensoliffe to the fish market, be found that 22 out of 23 whiting were less than tho minimum weight. The defendant was ordered to pay a fine of 20s, with 40s coats. : Preparations for the Gipp3 Land Railway traffic are being carried on,at the old Flin ders-street terminus. The following will be the names of the stations between South Yarra and Oakleigb :—Hawkesburn, Toorak road, Armadale, Malvern, Caulfield, Ross town, and Murrumbeeua. The mayor of Prahran gave notice at the meeting of the Council on Monday night that he would move at the next Council meeting that, " Inasmuch as the revenue for the town'of Prahran for tlio year ennmg i 30th September," 1S7S, has been'duly certi fied to by.the town, and Government audi tors to exceed the sum of £20,000, a petition' be forwhrded - to the Governor-iii-Council praying" that the town- of Prahran be pro claimed a city as provided by the Local Government Act of 1S7-1." " ~ J A inan named John Jximber, aged 26, a gardener^ employed by Sir Andrew Mrirray, - of WooLwool, near Colac, attempted suicide; on Monday'at half-past 1 o'clock. Ho swal-. lowed an ounce of croton oil, and then cut; his throat with a razor, inflicting a wound" 3Mn. long, and injuring the wind-pipe.' Assistance was obtained as soou as possible, and he was taken to the police station, where he was treated with every kindness, and from whence lie was brought down to the Gcelong Hospital yesterday. He is in a dangerous state, but it is hoped he wiiifre cover. The cause of the rash act was a dis appointment in love. On Friday afternoon last a hoy named Arthur James Asliworth, employed at Det mold's printing works, Melbonrne, was play ing with some other youths at the rear of i the office," wlieu a heavy case fell on him, breaking his leg and injuring him inter nally. He was taken to the Hospital, where | ho died.on Saturday. The schooner Sea Ripple, which arrived | in Hobson's Bay on Monday from the Xace pede Islands, reports the wreck oE the barque ' Marianne, at Port . Walcott, on 23rd Decem ber. It appears that the Marianne put back | into port leaky, but in doing. so unfortu nately wont aground, and broke up a week afterwards. Three of her crew came on in the Sea Ripple. s A Bill has been passed through committee in .the Hew South Wales Parliament, ex tending the operation of an Act to provide I for the periodical publication of the liabili-* ties and assets of banks in Hew Son th IVales and the registration of the names of the pro prietors thereof. The object of the bill is j " to protect the public by p'roviding for the periodical publication of liabilities and assets j of certain hanks carrying on business within j the colony and not issuing notes with whom various parties transacted business without persons knowing anything of the names of the shareholders." The Argus has received a copy of the ! Felons Apprehension Act of 1879, which the Parkes Ministry have carried through the Hew South Wales Assembly, and which ! now awaits the concurrence of the Legisla tive Council. The provisions are the same I as in the Victorian Act, with the neces sary additions in reference to. outlaws of ] other colonics. ' Some time ago (relates the Herald) a I certain resident of Colac gained a case in the County Court, and was awarded £20 dam- j age3, bnt when he went to obtain the money he was told by his solicitor that the law ex- [ penses in connection with the case amounted j to £30 ; twenty pounds he had given credit tor and placed to his (the client's) credit, and the successful, but unfortunate, client I conhl pay the balance £10, by supplying the clever solicitor's family with a very use. ful article of merchandise. An Aye Sandhurst telegram, dated Mon day, says .-—A fatal accident occurred to day, in the Great Britain Company's claim by which a miner named Skelton lost his ! life. Ib appears Skelton and his mate vrere engaged prospecting, and while the former was in a hole about five feet deep, a slip 0f earth took place, completely covering the unfortunate man. Assistance was imme diately procured, and Skelton extricated. He was alive, and Dr. James Boyd was speedily on the spot, bnt the poor fellow had expired when he arrived. Some ten years hack Skelton met with a serions min wg accident, which crippled him, and for some tune he was unable to do manual labor. The right of making a " bull" is generally I acceded to Irishmen, but this right is some* I times grossly infringed. There was a notable ' example at the Town Police Court ou Mon- ! day, says the Courier, the plagiarist bein<\- a I person whom oue wonld never suspect°of such an impropriety—a Chinaman, to wit John was giving his evidence in an assault | case, and to prove that he had been beaten Mid he was knocked down and stnnned, and I bile he lay senseless, he screamed murder, -the case went against him. Throughout the Colac district this season the yield of fruit has been enormous. Apples, pears, plums, peaches,^and all other descrip tions of stone fruit can be bad for taking away, and in some cases have been nsed for the feeding of pigs. In the'face of this (writes the Herald) we still continue to im port fruit preserves, when a much better ar ticle at less cost could be obtained at our own doors if a little care were taken in pay ing due attention to the art of preserving. The Riverine Herald is informed that the Sew South Wales Government have for warded to the Government of Victoria the regulations they desire to see in force with respect to the Murray Bridge at Echuca, and have intimated their willingness that the opening should take place without: delay. They have (according to the Courier) some wealthy recipients of relief on the list of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum. One of -them is a blind beggar-man, whose case, at the meeting of the Committee oh Monday night was referred to the visitors for report. Mr Scott stated that , IS months ago some church trustees entered into negotiations with the unfortunate recipient of relief to borrow £150 from him. He wanted 12 per cent, interest, consequently matters went no further. The blind man has been in Ballarat for some years past. Mr Robert Watson, of Barry's Reef, writes to the Argus to contradict the state ments made in a letter signed " Ratepayer,1' and published by that journal, as to the voting in that district. Mr Watson affirms, first, that the miners of the Sultan Company are' not in the employ of a member of the Assembly, inasmuch as the member referred to is not on the board of directors ; secondly," that the miners in question are not depen dent for their bread according as they vote, inasmuch as one of the bitterest opponents of the Ministry bas'been in the employ of the Company, and several others are in the same position. ' On Monday during the hearing of the ap peal case of Mr M'Qnilkin, before the Band: Tax Commission, allegations were made by Mr Kerferd, the appellant's counsel, that i Messrs Jennings and Leaver, the classifiers, i had been guilty of neglect in not properly i ascertaining the quality of land of Sylvania and Toongabbic stations. In one case (sayB. the Age) it was admitted by one of. the classifiers that ho was "minding the buggy on the roadside whilst the : other classifier: made a superficial examination." In this case it is. alleged that they overvalued the grazing capacities of the land, but in many csfiea they ■ have undervalued - the land, causing thereby perhaps a great loss to the State. Various strange incidents arose, during the recent Mining Boards elections, and among them the following is related .by the return ing officer for Piggoreet. A diminutive lad came up with a miner's- right in his hand, and: requested a paper to : record his vote. In answer to the enquiry as to whose right he held, he said it was his father's, and that as his parent was away in that bourne, known as " np the country," lie had come in the old man's place. The officer declining to allow him to vote, he plaintively wailed out that he was twenty-one years of age, and ought to be allowed the privilege of express ing his opinion through the ballot-box. The officer, however, giving it as his belief that : the applicant was nearer twelve than twenty one years old, the precocious youth took some good advice tendered him by that gentleman, and retired " more in sorrow jhan' in anger," xiio na-o.j,..? uuvaumont lines oE ailway for the week ending 20th Eehruarv 879, amounted to - £23,400 2a 10d, as com' >ared with £22,13G 5s Sd for the correspond, ug week in 187S. >• i Passengers, etc., £990p 23 lOd, as' against £8591 Is Cd in 1573. nercliandise,. minerals, and cattle, £13,493 I0s,-as against £13,545 4s 2d in 1373 Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £805,954 >3 Sd,~ as against £785,87518a 8d for the cot. •espouding period in 1878. Weekly average 34 weeks), 1879, £23,733 18s lid j 1S78, E23.113 19s lid. Number of miles open' 1879, 1071; 1878," 935. There was a large and fashionable audi, ence at the Mechanics' Hall last evening • when D'Arcy. Read's . .Ghost entertainment was exhibited, for the eleventh time. Beauty aud-the Beast. went with much spirit, and was greatly, enjoyed by all present. Jidlle. Gracie received a ■ well-deserved encore (0r her fairy dance, and Miss M "Donald, as "Beauty," narrowly escaped one for her first song. ' The "Beast" cauBed roars of laughter by his peculiar antics. The various spectral effects in this and the Hannted House were admirably managed, and drew forth great applause. To- night is announced as the last night, when Mrs D'Arcy Bead takes her benefit. A very attractive pro gramme has been prepared. In consequence^of the proposed alteration in railway communication between Geelong and Colac, Cobb and Co. have determined upon re. establishing their day coach right through ta Camperdown on Saturday next, leaving Gee lon<4 at 9 a.m;, and reaching Camperdown at G p.m.; and leaving Camperdown at 10 a.a. andreaching Geelong at 8 p.m. By thi3 arrange', merit passengers to and from Loutit Bay, via "Winchelsea, will be accommodated. Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson will offer for sale at their rooms, to-day, the groceries, etc. in the insolvent estate of Mr Hy. Holdenj Moorabool-street. Ameeting will be held at the Eureka Hotel, to-morrow evening, at eight o'clock, to appoint a committee to carry out the Eight Hours' Anniversary celebration. The Corio Shire .Council advertise in another column for tenders fur a long list of works. 