Items ofNews. The Railway Station. — Oa enquiry yesterday we ascertained that no plana or specifications of the intended new railway station at Hamilton have yet arrived, rithoagh it ia mora than a fortnight ago that they were advertised as beiog on view at the station-mastec'a effioe. Joubnaiibtio Chadbands. — Arch- deacon Innes — who on Sunday last preached an induotion sermon at Maryborough— ia re ported to have delivered himself as followa is regard to religious newspapers 1 — " The church is not demooratio nor monarchic, but the messenger of Chriit. Be impartial ; act not as, alas I I see all tbe religions newspapers have acted in refereooe to the eeameu'e strike. All the religions newspapers, as far as I can remember, have sided "with the steam com pany — with the masters against she men. Was the right so much on one aide t Had those men. vvtio were fighting for bread for themselves, their wives and obildren, fighting for tbe common decencies of life, so little juetioe on their ride that the church of God must elde agaiust them I God forbid I But as I hsve said to yon before, my brethren, put oot amah trnat ia religions newspapers. They' seldom give, without guile or favoor, tbe truth, and nothing bnt the truth." Hamilton Race Meeting. — Wa have i much pleasure ia calling attention to the really splendid entries that' have been re ceived for the Western Dietriet Baring Club meeting, -which is to be held here on the 20th and 21et February. 28 horses : have been nominated for tbe Cop; 3L for the Han dicap, 20 for the Hardie Race, and 7 for the St. Leger. It will also be observed by tbe list which appears in another oolomn, that . the great majority of the hones ore owned by local men, time increasing the probability of their being excellent fields to face the starter. Much, however, will depend npon the manner in which the bandicsppere do their work ; if this is carefully and impartially done, as we have no doubt it will be, there" will, in all pro bability, be larger fields than ever before wit nessed on the Hamilton course. The Remedy Worse than the Dis ease. —Men are now being employed by the Railway Department to barn down grass on each side ot the line, and thus lessen the pro bability of bush-fires occurring. Sufficient care, however, is not always paid. to the etste of the weather, and thus "the cure is made worse than the disease. No grass ehonld be fired'during the greatest heat on a hot day, when there ia any wind, be cause when once set a-going, great difficulty ia experienced in extinguishing the flames, which often extend to neighbouring properties. A cose in point occurred within holf- s-mile of Hamilton on Tuesday, when several aora of good gran were fount, owing to the railway fire not. bring kept within the fenee, and hot fort timely assistance, hundreds or oven thousands oi, sores of grass would probably have been destroyed. ' Bubh Fire at Bsanxholhe. — a correspondent writing from Branxbolme naye .that on Monday and Tuesday a great bosh fire was raging in tbe neighbourhood of that township. Mr. William Gray had ail his . fences consumed, Audley station was burnt out, and the garden fence of Mr. D. Vines . was destroyed, a number of pigs bring very ; nearly "roasted in the Stye, and "only reooued just in time. The change ia the direction of " tbe wini) which took piece on Tuesdaysfiec- noion would probably have averted forther danger, ae the -fire was then got under, bnt there is no certainty that it may oot break .out again. The fire was oauaed by some holi day makers setting fight to a hollow log to amoke out 'possums, and it ha been burning aver since New Yesi's Day." Promotion. — The uccess in life of yonne people who hove been brooght np in Hamiltoa is always a matter ' of interest to the local community, sod therefore it ie we observe with much satisfaction that Mr. G. E. Bromley eeooad son of Mr. John Bromley of this town, has jnat been presented with a testimonial at Eehuoa, oa the occasion of his retiring from the acoountsntehip ot the Bank of New South-Wales in that town to accept the managership of the East Chariton branch of tbe same bank. Medical. — We understand there is a probability of another medical man settling in Hamilton ahor£fy,jD& Vialla bring about to o&QoIiule; 'arrangements for taking info part-' net-ship a Dr. Annand, who has- been practit- ing in Mriboonie for two yean, and has office token a trip round -the world. " \- The Weather oh Xuesday -was again intensely ibot, Meeare. Farroli ond Soo'e aotir; thermometer registering 133deg., whilst ffif the ohofie 98deg. were recorded. ApleOaant ; change set in during the evening, ..and yester day the highest temper tore.was, in the sun,: U8deg. ; Shade, 76i|Eg. Caledonian Society. — Thoee -in-- tortate4 orirty. in . Hamilton .ore rominfod. ol tho. -WqetifigfoUoh Sato-.hielhaidi jrirtee-hfogfte; botS . this "eveoing, when (tepa' are to be taken' to aooomlish fob -iobjibt- fndiooted. ' Given a po werialaDriety. and apart oould be held every: New Yeorh Bay that would not only keep rHamiltoniana at .home, but - would iuduoe thousands to visit our town. HAatmroN H6mrAL.-Subsoribw8 are reminded thattheanunal meeting willbe held at hsU-past three o'oloak this afternoon osadvertioed. >J<-: \- FiRE iTCLUNiE.-On foe 4fo imitant a -firejbroke ohf At Cffinie, bear the fanmri station, fosoanna, itiadbelieved,briiigeparta from -tonbl«Amuia-raop. The -fire eoon swept across. Jtbe ihiil:; deatrofoiw a large quautity of qd| jeed, and fort for. (ffompt. assiitaoee many jtiichsands riaoresmiuit hare , 'hot near. -t |,prtmmtely,. the blxs Tnis tem', the ' ret cue," btiffettffig, got wrier. ' r-'.-.--®:.;'1" | .. Scholastic. -We Mrifou vice of Mr. B. J- «ing," B.A-. Mribonrne Exhibitioner and Baweo pnxe own, secured by the principal of the Hamilton mm wcoad « will lao pa rftteemywbe soaiated by Mr. Andrew Gardiner, M.A., of Edinburgh University. , Forged Notes. — We do not think there are many Union Bank notes Circulated in thin district." Neverthdeant may be unt £ ridl to etato that, no fower than nine tradesmen in Bsllarat have been Y10'1""1 by forged imitetioiis of the notes issued by Ahsbank-rtludsdto. ' - - The Destruction of Property.— Daring the post few months we have re peatedly received complaints respecting tho destruction of- property just ont",i®- chief business portion of tbe town and in the suburbs. Gaoga of youths prowl about, whose sole rim appears to be'o see bow much mischief they con accompUdi in a given time. Empty bouses are especially attended to, a-d until the police receive instructions to patrol beyond the .principal etreete, this rowdyism will continue. Hamilton, con- eideriog that the Kelly scare is still con tinuing with undiminished .success, is fairly provided with guardians of the police, and as burgesses resident in the less frequented streets contribute their quota towards the maintenance oi the force, little more atten tion should be paid to their interests then is done at present The International Exhibition. — A telegram was received by tbe Melbuuroe International Exhibition commissioners on Tuesday from their secretary in Londoo, Mr, G. C. Levey, to . tbe effect that pending the arrival in England of tbe D member mail, no home- appointments would be made, "except ing the.oommittee otherwise eaggest." lord Canterbury has accepted a position on the committee, and Mr. Levey adds that he him self is actively engaged in the discharge of his secretarial duties. In the Melbourne officB a large amount of preliminary work ia being disposed of. Copies of the reoeotly pub lished "official programme and regulations have been forwarded to the most prominent exhibitors at Philadelphia and Paris, ni all parts of the world aod the circulars which have been Brawn up by the manufacturers and vegetable products committees for the information of the Australasian and Poly nesian population, are also beiog istned as rapidly as passible. Work in the, gardens wiU be commenced oa aa early date, and tenders for the buildings, Ac., are expected to be called in before many days pose over. The Harvest Prospects. — Under date 7thioBt., the agrienUnral reporter of the Leader, telegiaphiog from Horabam, says : — "Around Horsham the wheat crops are yielding quite as well aa abont Murtoa and theother Wimmera districts already reported upon. At Dimboola tbe average will be still higher, or abont 16 bushels per acre, while to' the westward -about Kiala aud Nhill, aa well ae to the south-west at Natimok and Salt Lakes; fully sixteen bushels ere likely to be obtained from the comparatively email area under crop.- Very little rust is "to be teen, the chief damage to the crops being at tributable to bot winds and frosts. Not withstanding the exiateooe of poor lata and eelf-sown crops, a general average for the Wimmera of 14 bushels per acre may be ex pected, and the area nnder wheat ia probably one-third more than loot year." We are also informed that the enquiries made by the Minister of Lands into the etate of the crops in Yarrawooga lead him to the conclusion that it will be neaesssry to make some con- ocssloos to the selectors. Rust seems to have prevailed to a ruinous extent. The men 'who have reaped are worse off than those who have not, ae it has cost them 4t to get whet they can only sell for 2a. Tbe Argui corres pondent at St. Arnaud wired on Tuesday " I was shown to-day reliable returns from 25 farms, situate in 8 wan water and Gooroo. The "total ere woa 1,389 acres, "giving a total yield of 9,760 bushels of wheat, an average of eeven'bosbele to the acre." Jung Jung.— A gentleman represent ing the district of Jung Jung, on the Horsham and Stawell railway line, was on Tuesday in troduced to the secretary of Bsilwaya by Mr. James M'Kaan, for the purpose of requesting thst a station might be erected at that piooe. Tbe engineer-in oUief attended the interview, and pointed out that a station where the engine might water was urgently required there. The proposed rite ie on allotment 117, and about a mile from the oreek. The in tention ia to cooatruct a pipe which will con vey the water from the creek to the station for railway purposes, and at the same time to extend to tbe residents of tbe district the privilege of obtaining supplier of water at a cheap rate, ineteed of their beviog, as at present, to carry it, as in some ioetanaei they have to do, a distance of over ten miles. The station will, in fact, prove a great boon to the district, and it is expected that before long arrangements will be made whereby sheep and wood can be also loaded there. Mr. Labertouohe announced that the matter would receive immediate atteutioo. An American Defaulter. — Accord ing to the Oolong Advertiser, oil the police stations throughout the colony have been furnished With a description and portrait of Charles W. Angell, tbe late defaulting secre tary of the famous PaUmao Palaoe Car Com pany, United -States. Angell embtzzled the funds ot the company to the extent of about £24,000, arul he was last aeeo in New York in July last. The directors offer a reward of £1000, and 10 per oent. of the money re covered, for the arrest and detention of the defaulter, who ie eaid, in his description, to be of very plausible manners. The portrait is that of a rather handsome men, about 38, with a singularly intellectual forehead, and a not quite so singularly well-trimmed mous tache. His appearance, altogether, is that of -an " eminent " mooioian or a star actor. The Malt.be Scrub Railway. — Mr. Joseph Wiltshire, the .foreman of the party now engaged in Dotting the survey track of the line of- railway from Donald to Went worth, has furnished a report of tbe progress made np to the 25th nlk He atstee that the track hoe now been out for a diatanaa of 114 miles from Watoham, and that he had him self penetrated the buah and arrived at Wentworth. The party had oroseed the fresh water lakes; and had to oart water from Lake Conardin a distanoe of fourteen miles. He also states that at the point which l;as now been reached, there are a great comber of salt- water lakes which do not appear on any maps. The eorub now being enoonotered is of a very dense nature, and Mr. Wiltshire, when pushing through to Wentworth, had to break a traok with a bullock dray. , ' Dreadful Accident ax Crebwick. — A shocking oomdent happened on. Friday afternoon to a fine chubby little fellow, two years old, named John Delation ty, whose parents reside on a form at Clarke's- hill, Dean. "After luuoh time," relates the Oxs- rvick Advertiser, ' the ohild, witb two others, left the house togo to the oreek, but wandered from the othett, and want into "the pqddook, Where reaping was going «», the father of the little fellow driving the.maehffie, and hie uncle 'putting effi He wrikedinto tbe standing orop unseen by anyoob at work, and the first that was kowu of his presence was the right of -him on the maohine with the aheaf, He was A' -once picked np, when the horrible . dia- "aorery was made that both feet were oot off just above the ankle. One was completely severed, whilst the other was merely hanging by tbe tendons. He was fct once oonveyadto j the hospital, mora dead than alive, but by mean of stimulants he revived. He ia still m q precxrioaa pond it ion." ;; Latest from the Scene of War. —The Kelly it aeeme, are bent npon reform ing the polioe system, bot Instead of rending an "embassy "-to state their demands, they _prtfer to do;busiuees "direct with the Go- veromBuk i H,We BaOaral SforhHeara tilat ; a communication fias been reoetved by the Jemporaiy headset .the Government , from tibme ef the irfondi of the Kelly ruffians, of- bring to arrange for parley/between the Aoting-Cfiief Secretary nod Edward Kelly, .under certain restrictions, nonpayment by the 'Xsorernmebt of the email sum of £h to Kelly's Brier." . Perhaps these advanced liberals will offer fo retire npon a pension, or to juwept bOletam the police fqroe, or to draw up a report polntffig out the best way . of catching bnehrangere, upon being guaranteed £1000. lAiankACffi— ' Hie proprietors of Hie Horsham Tima have issued «n excellent bopk atmsnao containing a quantity of in- fbrmaaob rimcerning the Wimmera district, with a amall map of tbecolony. The Border JYnfeA' rimanM; "which ie aleo to hand, fctpditiBly frifilsjibe ; eame;.ipnrp6sB, with rfoard -to'the'-eoutfa-easteni -portiiHi ot the cdony ofGoutii AnetreOt. r - - V 43DiBREifo'uB <3?n&£< "inf 'foeDiriite Imsh fire swept over KtBasobla on Saturday last, burning several farmers out " rnoT" 3 stamp." Mr. J. Goldiog hod about 15o JJ k! el wheat coueumed and two valuable S W&t; Another farmer named Murphy had ml!!?1 crop destroyed. We hear that Mr. 8evn D the owner of Killanoria, Is a hetv/ 1"' The fire consumed thoassuds of sores ti imt a couple thousand of fat sheep, aeveroxj stacks and a large amount of crop, Jp' && number of hats and ontbuildinga «s u! kA station. Tbe fire burnt fenoes sod a IT S amount of valuable grass on Glen £„- if Plsing, Meoonpe, Limestone Ridge, and» 111 approaching tbe boaodary fence of K y«terd»y. A report gained correnor hr? ' ifi town yesterday thst Mr. Allan Robertas £l former, near Strnan Home, wai aim? 1 "5 ont." . M Angora Goats. — The Horsham 2W li> 'aays'i— " Our resdsre may remember tiTf short time since a flack of 40 Angora ill! li: was sold at Mr. Thomas Young's ealenri! Kl Horabsm, only realising the remarkably ® prioe of la saoh. These '-goati formed nut of 'the flookeold by Sir Samnel Wilson tifi W, Longerenong, and were at one time reckmS H very valuable— in fact, a new indnibyta W- to be introducfed to the colony by their asm PI We fonoy by thin time the 40 harehn P slaughtered, and their ekins oon verted iS ri mats. It wonld appear, however, br A W following, whioh'we take from the Arre thst there is atUI hope for the AogomjJ?? "s draft of Angora goats from the flockof v! George Wrilis, of Welton Dale, Merrita ' was sold at Kirk'e bsaur on Fridmy ta" Tbe prinoipal purchaser wu Mr. W. R : Thomson, who intends eendiug them to'p!r where he porposee establishing a fijekif climate ie fonud to eait tbem.' " , ' A Gloomy State of Affairs.— H, ?' Smytbesdale correepondeot of the Star irritae. f'J ' I meatloned Gomeilme «go thit tbe wheu enJT! l io the districts ottopied by the selectors woeta?. is m failure, and liistsoced one person who 'nt ti? an bsd auO boffhelff. snd this yeir hd only fifty foZ B the same extent of land. Some persona ffeoafofo S bot Ysgoely.' denied the ststemeat, andwhrffo one ot them informed me. kst they sljiS F'< pressed by their creditors. How, Ur. LonYina I tbe Minliterof Lends, baa visited a portioaohh. r colony, and he has found, per the public Proicf Monday sud Tuesday, thst In someplace! itm i will not he s bushel to the sere. 1 can tellhhn n more, thst in other portions of the coIouycanS t hsve been turned into the wheat crop. Bot ttn £ - STsrely informed thst be esnnot do snythbr fa ? oeneftt or relieee the eeleotor, ss he la powerfeL fa Y ' do ao. The safe, speedy, Mid constitutional moto of meednir this national caJsxnity is to call Parlh. m ment toprthersnd tske powers to meet the urzi Wi of the esse. It is tbe easiest thing ia the world h P throw dust la tbe eyes «f the public, and imt m thst the colony Is flooriihing, snd point to then! 1 Yeuue returns, forgetting U the tlsu that we Vn» s tsnd tsx thst brtne? in £171,000 per asnaa, M several more lines of railway opened than wehii U twelve months ego. In fact, every class ia man s f less suffering-, sd Parliament should be called to- f gether to meet tbe emeigeocj, or probtblr th I - people will be necessitated to petition the new Go- r Tern or on the safeject." Hamilton Hospital. — The followim t subeartptious bare beenreoeivedfor Deosmbs 1878 ' ; From Collector Moean— Apsteu.— Mrs. BotteriU n , Edsithops. — Frslt, lite el i Crlok. 21a ... in, . Lake WaUaoc. — Hearne and Sou, £3 aa t Porrous, 6a: Smith, £B Neesou, 2s 6di Bju. 2s 6d; CUrke, 3s ad; Lisle, 6si Howell. U; Burns, is; M'fiyde, 2e Ed ; BlsDchfield, 3s 0d; Dwxer.'Ss; 3sed _. _ j , . Barrow. -Feet, 10s 6d; Harris, 2s ed: TuUah,£L; Donaldson, £1 Is .. j l( . Casterton.— Sprigg Brothers ... i i i - CoUraine.— Psromor — ..111 Clonic. — J. Slslr, £3 sa; Robertson, 2t toek.2s0d: Smilh,3s0d ; Dickson, 2s 6d; Cassie,3s Warrock. — G- Robertson, £3 3s ; Moore, ; 10s ed; Wilson, SB; Doacghue, 2S ed; : - Cubbur, 26 6d ; Patterson, 2s Od ; ITu- i gerald, 2s ed; M-Hsy, 3s Sd; Barton, 3s N ; Wood, 3s 6d ; Goxon, Ss Sd ; Fellows, 9sed; Lea. 2« ed; Bweeney. as; Brown, 3s ed; Ashley. 3a sd ; Dnnbsr. es ; By&o.; 2S Sd; WhlieM3s M; Whllo,2s«d; Friend, 2S 6d ; Berlns, 2S ed .„ an , ChetaynA- Hsyes,5s ;Clsrk,6s; Chard, Ss Held. Sa ; Stork. 2s 6d — .. i , , Carapook. — M'Donsld 3 It ? Jfcrmo— Northcote, loa 6d; Ford, £i .. i«i I Cavendish — Brawn Hearne - ... . . l 1 i ! Morgrana,— M'iiinnon. Sa 6d ; Cameron, 2a ed ; Lilly white, 2s Gd; Bowen, 2s Gd : ' Butler. 2s 6d; Horon, 2S Gd; Morrison, 2s «d; Dudley, U; M-Phereon, 10s .. 1 u e ) Bmrary.—tor, 2s 61; Hssset, 2s Gd : I Jd- aoa, 2a 6d; Mouaghsn, 2a Gd ; M'Lesu, t 2s6d; Care, 2s Gd, Besth,'2s6d; M'Mss- < ter,- 2a Gd; Kochlord, 2a Gd .. i a, t Chetagnd Station.— Johnson, 10s Gd ; I Flsok, 3s ed; Dowdeu, Gs; Stiller. 3s Gd; t Belcher, 3s ed; Smith, 2s Gd : Howtitt, MSd 1 8 ; tone.— Taylor, Ss; Blske, Gs; Stewart; >1 ... |U | I Collector's list.. .. . .. ... 3 in « The Gunu.— William Bos8» £10 ; Hlxon. £1; 6hsiToek,10s; lUIey.lOs; O'DoaneU. loa: Tack, 10a ; minor sn5acriptiona,3ta6d it 1 « Haymsn XI It# id; tfolioy, £l ie; Moore. 138; Westherly, 17b 6d: Williams, 108 9d ; Hyland, 10a 6d ; Qoiun. 10b 6a ; Utblon, 108 ; Wright, 7s ?d ; Can, 6s 7d; Jouefi, U M; Jxawf«nce,.te; Foy, 6s; McLean, 68 ; Clsrce,68 ; ThOQuon,6a ; GUdstone, 48 lud s Booker. 3s id ; M'Kin- non, 38 id; Stewart, 28 lid; Thomas. 2i lOd; Jfidward. lOd; Msroney, b lOd; Clarke, 28l0d; Ml>onald, 2 lOd; Gimp, bell, 28 lOd ; Brosdbent, Ss lOd ; tisrdy, 2a lOd; Gould, 2a 9d; Harrifl, fia 8d; O'Con nor, 2e 3d; Cur lie. 28 8(1 ; flesley, 38 3d: M'Lidisn, 28 3d; Wilson, 2s 8d: Anatey, 2a 8d; Csmeron,2e8ds Kiipstrick, 2s 8d; iiaa⪙, 28 8d; JoneB, Dsley.Cssey.Bestoa, Moeely. U'Rle, Morgsn, Csin, Betesford, Clayton snd Chandler. 2e 7d eadi ; Uogan. M'Culioch, Oslo, M'Ksy, Praser, Spc&cer.; Doeberty, Williams and Pottage. Ss 6d each; Chandler, Cameron. Patterson, snd M'Donald, 28 5d each ; Barber, 3b ; Grey, 3» 3d: Jones, MottgBnBhleymndNeyiUe, is lid each; Kelly sad Dunn, la lOd each; Morgan, 4I ; Bprin, la; Roberta, lOd ; Preston, 18 2d; Hogmy, is 3d; Storer, la 2d; Wenbam,2d; KcU,M; Bnrns, 1b 8d ; M'OonsI, Is 3d; Mott,lB6d; Kelly, laid u H Hamilton BoroQffh Council 6 6 0 Merino Licensing Bench 7 11 0 Mount Rouse Sblre .. 6 6 0 Casterton Licensing Bench ,M j n Kewiands Station. £\0 i Donsldsoo, £l ; Breen, 28 fid ; Johns, 2s fid ; Martin, 3t 6d ; 'Deans, 38 fid ; Ferguson, 2b fid ; Wllaon, 6b; Bow, 3b fid. .. — .. is 0 Penshom Licensing Bench . 2 0 0 ' Hamilton Carnival — ... - - ,,uq 0 0 Jtocklaadi—A. Tnrnbull, £2 3s ; Coney, 38 fid; Armstrong, 3b fid; H'Intoefc, 3b fid; Rodeeky. fia ;'Bprlng, 6b ; O'Connor, Sb fid : Woodford, 3s. — . .. 3 6 6 Woodkom—J. Alexander, £6 6s ; J. L. Fine, £1; EdwanU, lfis; Gould, 108; Field, Walker, BUckbnni, Boucher, Jamea, Halllday. Ryan.' Field, H'Fadzeen. 68 each; Madigan, Brown, Brown, Llle, Wtliiame, Gorman, label, label, label, Hickey. Clearey, Peraisl, Reid, Leslie, 2s fid eacn. ...» — 11 10 0 Coue-N. and D. K'LeUan, £10 ; Lald- law, £1 ; ChlBholm, £1 ; H'Phee, M'lntoah, Riehards, Worthy, Heffernan, Laldlaw, Lyfield, Saxon, Mulligan, U'Donald, 6b each ; Ball, Dmston, MftKay, Ss fid each : Davis, White, ULean, Sttcnarda, Sa each ; Montgomery, 38 -fid ; HTernan, Hickey, - Bosh, ,6a each ; Savage, 3s fid ; ForreBt, : ; 17 a 6 fPtnmnbura— A. Tnmbnll andSonl 9b; Barsreavea. 6b ; Claric, 38 fid. . ., .. T 14 6 StratJUxtfar — J. MSdltr — » 7 0 B KowmgioooUmg Creek— J. M'Conochie, £3 9b ; Hempson,v MCaakd, Blay, Anson, U anion, Sntton, Creen, Rhodes, O'Uell, Davis, Aua on, IPSTooU, - 'Woodstock, Worthy, 3b fid each .. .... ... 4 18 0 HOSPITAL SUNDAY COLLECTIONS. Roman Catholic CharchPer Bev- John Hoyne M £93 f 6 Church of England— _ Hamilton, Ven. Archdea- \- tsonlnnea - ..£20 6 7 Hamilton— Sunday School 5 17 i Coleraine, Rev. Mr. CroBB TOO Casterton, Rev. Mr. Mac fitflane .. .. .. 4 16 7 n i i Presbyterian Chorch— _ Hamilton , Bey. J. K. Mac® millaa .. .. 23 0 0 Redrnth 1 fi 0 Balmoral, Rev. Mr. Hen deraon .. .. — 3 fi 0 Penshurat, Rev. A. Cham -bera ., e lfi 0 Bald Hills .. . . . 3 13 3 _ - 37 0 11 Free Presbyterian Church— Hamilton, Rev W. M'Don- ald ...... 5 1 3 Hamilton District, Rev. Mr. Buttrose . ..6 1 9 11 3 0 Lutheran Church - - ' Hoebkirch, Rev. O. W. Sohnrmann ..860 GwadesUhal.. .. .. 16 6 Tabor.. ' \\. ... .. i 9 fi By ad ok .. .. - 210 — - fi 1 Church— Hamilton,' Rev.?. Graham 8 0 0 ' . Penahurat, Rev J. Lealle 6 7 9 — - 13 7 3 Bapttaiphurch— - HamUton, Rey. E. Hen demon 6 I -Moraviao Churoh— Per Rev. Mr. Kramnow.. f 0 Primitive Jlethodiat Chnrah— Hh&£ifton7&ev.; H.Bd»h -. Mm SSI-1 Total ... ;.."7 £168.13 3 