SHOCKING DEATHS THROUGH BUSHFIRES. Thursday will be a memorable day in the Colac district. About noon a fire broke out near Johnson's Saw-mill, on the coast trail in the Cape Otway forest, and about eight miles from Colac. The flames rapidly spread over the heavily-timbered and thickly grassed country, allowing very little time for persons unfortunate enough to live in the locality to clear away. The fire swept across Mr. W. Standley's selection, and consumed several wooden buildings belonging to him, it advanced in several directions towards the residence of another selector named Turn- bull, who, with his wife and family of seven went into the forest last Tuesday for the purpose of settling down and clearing the land for agricultural pursuits. Finding that the fire could not be put out, Standley ad- vised Turnbull to repair as quickly as pos- sible with his family to a waterhole some distance away. This Turnbull promised to do, but loitered about his tent house ende- voring to secure his property from the ravages of the fire. In the meantime Standley hastened himself for the dam taking one of Turnbull's children in his arms, and getting another youngster to run along at his side. The grass and scrubby country over which they had to pass was in flames, and when passing near a burning tree the child running with Standley was killed by a limb of the tree falling on him, Standley himself being severely burnt. It appears that Turnbull and his wife, and three of their children, made an attempt to reach the dam. Mrs Turn- bull and one of her sons became over powered with the smoke and heat, and fell down insensible in the bush, and yesterday morning their charred remains, scarcely recognisable, were discovered by search parties who proceeded from Colac. Some distance from where these bodies were found there was the body of another of Turnbull's children, the little one evidently having run ahead thinking his mother was following on, and becoming ex- hausted, fell senseless in the blazing grass and was burned to death. Turnbull was found lying insensible near the dam, his body being dreadfully burned, whilst the two remaining children (girls) were also dis- covered much scorched by the flames. Standley, Turnbull, and his children were conveyed to Colac early yes- terday morning, and at once placed under medical treatment. Shortly after three o'clock one of the little girls died from the injuries received, making the fifth death in the Turnbull family. A telegram from our correspondent at Colac, which was re- ceived last night, states that Mr Turnbull delirious and in a very low condition, in that he is not expected to live. The little child of Mr Turnbull, a girl, although is verely burnt, was reported to be recovering. The dreadful catastrophe has caused a great sensation in the township and district of Colac. Mr Heron, P.M., will hold an in- quest on the bodies of the unfortunate Turn- bull family this forenoon. Destructive fires have been burning in the Winchelsea district ever since the co- mencement of the hot weather. Several farmers have been burned out of their home steads, while those who have lost their crops, stacks, and fencing, are numerous. At Bambra the fires were extensive. Messrs. J. R. Hopkins, Calvert, and Strachan had had large tracts of land laid bare by the flames. Mr Austin has been let off with his comparatively small destruction of 300 acres of pasturage. 