WATER COMMISSION. PAIDAT. 12th EBPXBXBHB. Present—The chairman {Or Morrison}, and Ore Josephs, Ulaxton, Scott. Ferguson, Phillips, Boberieon, Dunn, Wilson, Williams, Hickman, iftopby, Gray,-andXeggo. - CoEaEfipoKDENCE.—Prom the Bail way department, r£-tree-planting in the railway reserves, and stating that Mr Sees, M.P., had reperted: to the Minister that this season.was (oo far advanced lo take action in the matter this year. Received.—From B. Everett, asking commission to lay water .on to his place la Lttrmo&tb; .itrwt.a dtite« 9l. ^et from the nw „i 0 allow him to do So himself. Eeferred to the works oomimUee with power—From City Council, stating that body h»i n0 objection to the -water being laid-on cerjMint's Freehold Gomfiny. Beceived.—From WV B. George, applying for tbe'lease of Pollin's paddock at the Gong Gong at a certain rental for two or three years. To be considered: with finance committee's report.—From 3. Cunningham, Jane Obisttolm,'and J." Bibby, residents'iof Kapierctreet, asking 'o be supplied' with water. Befeired to 'the works ommittee for report. FDTAWCE—1. The fcHowing accounts were recommended for payment:—L«bor, iE6S 14B 7d; A. H. King, £203lOi; M.O'Leary, £1 6s; B. Gibbings, Pinkerton, £8 7s; Bogers and White, £6; ex- >nses, £310s 5 charges, £L 2. Beoommended that r T. Byaris application be granted on payment of rent to date," and that tenders be again called fer renting Polling paddock for a period of three years. Adopted. -•• CHAIRMAN'S BEPOBT.—L Satisfactory: arrangements had been made with Messrs J. M'Ewan and Co., to acoept £328 ISs on account of promissory note that became due on the 6th Instant, and.by renewing the balance (£1000) at three months. 2. It having been reported to him that the Gong Gong on Saturday, the 6th icstant/was within 2 inches of being full, he caused the valves to be dosed, with a view of filling the npper -reservoirs, which, with the preEent stream of water.-wfll be done in a few days. Adopted. £NOMEEB.'S BEPOET.—1. Detailed the carrying-out of certain works on the reserves. 2. Stated that on the Sth September, at seven am., the ranger and James Bourke, after watohing all night, saw a sum named John Smith pnlling down-the fence between a reserve iand-a farm rented by him, and driving two horses out of the reserve into bis own ground, then ratting up the fence temporarily. The ranger nformed Smith that'.he must report him,-and did so to the chairman, who placed the matter in the hands of the commission's solicitor. 8. Gave depth of watfer in the reservoirs as follows :—88th August—Beale'e, 14 feet-6 inehea; Pincott'e, 6 feet 6 inches 5 -weir-bafiin IB inchee over toy-wash; Kirk's,-89-1'feet; Gong Gong, 67 07 feet On 11th Bepiember—rJeale'e, 14 feet 10 inches; PiacotVe, 14 feetSinches; weir-basin, 1 inch over by-wash; Kirk's, 40-S feet; Gong Gong, 70 45 |eet ,1'here was a -good stream running Into the "tipper" reservoirs bnt Pincott'e dam was then closed, to" fallow of the npper dama being 4. Beferred to the foreman's report on the progress of pipe-laying. Adopted. OOIXECTOBS'BBPOET.—L Gave the reoeipts for the fortnight, &om;"an sources, at £626 "2s 3d. . 2. Gave the quantities and prooeeds of water supplied to mining oompanies during" Augnst; as follows:—1,247,000 ganoos at 4d per 1000 gallons, £20 15s 83; 2,837,000 gallons; at 2d. £19 19s 6d ; 12^50,000 gallons, at )d, £25 10s 7d; 614,000 gallons, under average charge, £210s 4d—total, 16,448,400 gallons j0S86a, Supplies to manufacturers, &o.; £1,019,000 gallons, at 6d, £25 9s 6d; 9600 gallons at Id, £4 16s—total, 1,105,000 gallons, at £30 5s 6d. ...Grand total, 17,553 000 gallons, at £98 11B 64. Adopted - - GBNBBAI, BUEIKISS—Or Olaxton moved—"That in future the Gong Gong and all the dams be kept full as lonp as possible, and not kept low, as hitherto, to prepare for floods." Or Oiaxton pointed oat that the arrangement of toy-washesand flwd-gates was so good, tbat they need not fear any danger from floods. Or Bobertson seoonded the motion. Or Phillips desired the opinion of the. engineer as to the safoty of the town in case of a flood, and the engineer pointed out that the foreBter had such Instructions to deal with the flood-gatesin the reserves that no danger need be feared if he carry out bis instructiens as hitherto. The motion then was carried mAnimonsly. Or Wilson asked what was being done towards removing undergrowth from the reserves; and the engineer stated that the ranger intended to try burning it off, and to report the result cf his work to the chairman. On the suggestion of Cr fc'cott, it was resolved that the men at the reserves should give as mnch of their time to clearing off the undergrowth as July they could, the-coundilcrs generally remarking that.if this were done they used not fear a repetition of the bush-fires of last year. O&DEBE; OF THB DAY—The affixing the ooiporato seal to notice to the engine;r that his services will be dispensed with at the expiration of three months, commencing ' from 1st November proximo The chairman and ex-chairman were empowered to fix the seal as appointed.—As to steps-being taken to conserve the -water, now being stored -for -cummer use. Dealt with by Or Glaxton's motion. - " LAW OoMmiTJia'B BgpoaT. — Concerning notioe from the Board of Xiand and Works—That on Tuesday, 2nd Instant, a notioe under the seal of the Board of Ijand and Works, of Intention to enter and lake possession of the works and properties of the oommissionffls was served upon the chairman, and having regard to the position of the commissioners at this lima. ; rour committee have deemed it ^advisable to request i,he attendance of your, solicitor, with a.view to your consulting -hfm with Mspect to tha matter. The report -wasadopted, and the solicitor being present,-the commission went fntooommittee, to consider the letter ed® from the Board ofXand and.-Works. - 