FOREST BOARD. MOKDAT. MARCH 3. Present— The Surveyor-General, Mr. Goyder, (Chairman), the Hon. B. T. Finniss, Dr. Schdm burgk, and Mr. Brown, Conservator (Secretary protttn.) TRANSFER OF XE&SES.; 'The Chaikmak said he had called a meeting of the Board in consequence of a letter received from Mr. Bankine in reference to the transfer of leases, which required their immediate atten tion. Mr. Bankine had received the Board's reply stating that the Board felt disinclined to accede to the proposed transfers, and^&e; there upim applied to the Commissioner of Crown Lands. The Commissioner sent to the Board for a report on the conditions ? that were .offered with the lease. When the lease was offered no mention of transfer was made, but on the lease being granted the Crown Solicitor authorised a power of transfer with the consent of the* Govern ment. He thought it would be best for the Board to consider the question in a general way altogether apart from Mr. Banldne's case, in order that a general understanding might be arrived at as to the conditions under which transfer should be allowed. Mr. Rankine's ease could easily be settled in accordance with the general conditions. He would suggest in the first place that the Board resolve itself into an ordinary meeting, so that other business might be transacted. The Board concurred, and the minutes having been read, The Chairman said he would recommend the adoption of the following proposal, which he had drawn up to meet cases corresponding with that of Mr. Bankine:—** That the lease should be surrendered and offered at auction for the remainder of the term under the conditions first imposed and at a similar upset price per acre; that improvements erected by the original lessee tinder lease shall be fairly valued and the value added to the upset price of the lease. Should the lease be sold at a rental per acre not less than that paid by the original lessee the amount received for such improvements, less one-fourteenth for each year of the term that has run out shall be paid to the original lessee ; should the lease fail to realise the amount of rent paid by the original lessee, the deficiency to be made good for the total term by deducting the amount from that .paid for the improve ments, the balance . going to the original lessee, the amount deducted going to make up the rental dee to the Government, so that no loss shall accrue to the Board. Should the course proposed present legal difficulties or present aspects bearing with apparent hardship upon the lessees, they can be modified to meet the law and justice of the case, so long as the Board is protected from loss by transfer to men ef straw and unnecessary traffic on the leases is avoided.' This plan would prevent all traffic. if a lessee were forced to go away he would get Mb improvements, and the Board would not be at' a disadvantage as regarded the remainder of the term of lease. Mr. Faunas— That is all very well as far as the Government is concerned, bat I think that if carried out it will result in depriving the lessees altogether of the Tight of transfer. Wo find out how to get rid of his land, but we takja away from him the right of transfer i to and oerson. as provided under the original condi tions. Mr. Got&eb.; — The original conditions are with the consent of Government, and the lessees eannot assign without the approval of the Forest Board. Mr. Finnish— But I think there is hardship inflicted. Take Mr. Rankine's case, for instance. If you sell he is liable to any loss by the transaction. Mr. Goydbb — I don't see why the Government should lose upon the transaction. If you allow a man to assign he may goto a man like Ban Smith, for instance, who finding he has a bad bargain will say, 'This does not pay me at all,' and he will get another person to accept it for Bicbard Brown,a man of straw, and so the whole thing will fall to the ground. Mr. FuiiNiss said there were two points upon which they must protect themselves. They must see, in the first instance, that the trans feree was a good man, and they must also insist that in case of any transfer the lessee should complete the whole term of the engagement by paying up all the rents and completing the im provements required by the lease. Mr. Goyder— Those conditions follow as a matter of course. He voids his lease if he does not pay the rent. Mr. Fixings— I am inclined to think after all that the scheme suggests a method by which Mr. Rankine may disencumber himself of the lease without being able to make money by the transfer. Mt.GoTDBa— Precisely. Mr. Fnwiss— I see no objection, providing we are safe oh the side of the law, and are not interfering with rights granted under the lease. Mr. Goydeb. — The provision does not pre vent persons like Mr. Bankine from profiting, bat it prevents the Board from ultimately rea lising a loss. There is no case in which improve ments dojnot aotjasa pre-emptive right. Mr. Finniss— Before we finally close with Mr. Bankine X should like the law officers of the Crown to. advise whether we are departing in any way from the rights given under the lease. Dr. Schombuxgk— I agree with that. aax. vhoydbb— vjommg xo tne lnaiviuuai catta the Board is considering, the question is whether the Board is assuming an arbitrary position in saying that they will compel the lease to go to auetion again. Virtually Mr. Bankine has nearly forfeited his right to a lease. The specified time has passed without his having fenced the land. But we must bear ia mind that we have allowed other people to abstain from carrying out the conditions with advantage to the Board. Mr. Finniss — I think for the future that we should insist not only in Mr. Rankine's ease, but in all. others, on all the conditions being ftdfilled to the letter as far as possible. Mr. Goxrom -then read the following letter from Mr, Bankine to the Commissioner of Crown Lands: — **Sir — I have the honor to draw your attention to the refusal of the Forest Board, as expressed in their letter to me herewith en closed, to give their consent to the transfer to Messrs. Gartrell and Wake of. my leases of blocks 11 and IS, Wirrabara Forest Reserve. I respectfully submit that the offer to cancel the leases is not to put me in a fair position, as I have spent £600 in fencing, of which I have had little more than a year's use. The first year's rent, £210, may also be added to the ex penditure' in fencing, as the season's grass was entirely eaten off by my neighbors' cattle before it was possible to enclose my land. To surrender my leases is, therefore, to lose £1,000. I beg further respectfully to state that I did not take up the land as a speculation, as I bought it to work in connection with some freehold property in the neighborhood ; but circumstances over which X have no control, the health of myself and family, make it imperative forme to leave. I presume the Board are satisfied with the way in which the onerous conditions of the teases incegard to fencing have been fulfilled, as nocom plaint from them on the subject has reached me. I am willing to guarantee to the Board the rent daring the entire currency of the leases, and I Truss iney wm en reconsiaeraraon see mat tnere is no good reason why they should refuse my request or subject me to so great a hardship. — I am, &c.;, Jambs Rankinb.' It seemed to him that the Board had full power to carry out the conditions of the lease, and the lease stated that power of transfer would rest with the Board. The Board were the arbiters in the affair, and were not willing to do an injustice to any one. Mr. Furores— But we have absolutely refused to grant a transfer, and we have not giren a reason for it. The conditions of lease imply the right of the lessee to transfer, unless the Board see some good reason why leave sheuld not be granted. I do not think we have the power of refusing leave without a reason. Mr. Goibbb— Although the Board may be perfectly satisfied with certain reasons for refusal, it is not always expedient to go into a thine of that kind, and it is not desirable if we cando justice without injuring the Board. Mr. Fnmiss— Mr. Bankine says that all the conditions have been fulfilled. Mr. Goyder— Ko; he says the lease has not been complained of. Mr. Finniss— It just shows how necessary it is that no loophole should be given for the sus pension of any of the conditions. Let this be a hint, and ^f or the future let all conditions be complied with, whether advantageous to the Board or not. Mr. Goydee then endorsed the memorandum from the Commissioner of Crown Lands with the following minute : — ' In refusing the trans fer asked for by Mr. Rankine, the Board felt justified in the course they adopted. The Board do not, however, wish to inflict hard ship unnecessarily, and seeing that the power of transfer with its consent is inserted in the lease — though not in the conditions of Bale — the Board consider it desirable to establish a ni-in-- inlA unnn which nnpstions of thin kinrJ may be settled without entailing loss to the Board on the one hand or encouraging traffic in their leases on the other. With the ap proval therefore of the Hon. Commissioner and sanction of the law officers of the Crown, the Board propose to allow the surrender of any lease held under the Board upon the following conditions, viz. : — (The conditions submitted by the Chairman at the commencement of the dis cussion follow).' Mr. Fikniss— I think we should look up all the leases, and see that the conditions have been complied with. DBSTBTTCTION BY BUSH FIRES. The Chairman said that on several occasions the Board has sustained heavy lasses from bash fires, and there was a prospect of their doing so again as long as they occupied so little grass land.' It occurred to him that it would be well to grant to the lessees generally concessions by which fire could be avoided! For instance they might be allowed to plant a strip of land adjoining the Board's timbered land with a crop which would be green in the height of summer, when bush-fires were at their worst, and thus save the timber. Strips . had been planted at Mount Gambler and Bundaleer. He proposed that strips of about 20 chains in width should be utilised in this way. Mr. Finniss — It would practically enable the lessees to farm the land. Mr. Goydbb— Only such portions as adjoin our planted property. Mr. Finniss was of opinion that two chains would be a sufficient width for these strips of land. Mr. Goyder said he had seen sparks floating a quarter of a mile. If the strips were to be so limited it would be well for the Board to plant a crop within its own lands. Dr. Schombueok suggested that a grass, of which the following extract from the Botanic Gardens report for 1879 was a description, might be used: — 'Daring the hottest time the plant grows vigorously; it is not destroyed by the heat and dry weather. It cannot be too strongly recommended, not alone as the best cummer grass, but it could also be used as a safeguard against fire. If a strip, say 6* or 8 feet broad, were sown, around a crop of wheat, the grass being in its finest condition when the wheat ripens, it would check any fire coming from outwards, and. when the wheat is reaped would supply food for cattle and sheep.' The Board deputed the Conservator to confer with Dr. Schomburgk on the subject; and if possible to make the necessary arrangements for planting*. SUB-ESTIMATES. The Conservator laid sub-estimates of ex penditure for the following year upon the table, and they were referred to a special meeting of the Board to be held in April. consbbvatob's bepobt. The Conservator, in his monthly report, said that plans and specifications had been made out for Mr. Curnow's house at Bundaleer, and that tenders were to be received on the 8th instant. In reference to the market garden at Bundaleer a block had been surveyed and a plan made, and conditions of lease were ready for gazetting. At Bundaleer the Conservator said he had sold 127 matured trees, ranging from 6 to 24 inches in diameter, which he calculated would produce 150 tons of firewood. This he had sold' at the rate of about 5s. a ton. The importance of the transaction would be seen when he stated that hitherto the wood had been sold by a licence at the rate of about Is. per ton. Looking at the fact that timber was be coming so valuable in this neighborhood he thought it was a strong point in favor of his recommendation for closer planting, because in a few years the thinnings alone from the plan tations would realise a handsome revenue for the Board. As to the prices to be charged for timber at Wirrabara, he suggested that power be given him to mark and sell matured gum timber at a price of not less than 3d. a cubic foot. The proper supervision of the Northern reserve was of such importance that the Con servator recommended the Board to allow him to advertise for a properly qualified person to undertake the duties of first ranger, and that should such a person not be found in the colo nies that he t-e allowed to send to Britain for one. The report was adopted. MOTOT MmBHEAD FIAT AND MOtTNT BtJBB BESEBVES. The Conservator submitted estimates for the carrying out of his suggestions made at a pre vious meeting for additions to these reserves. It was resolved that 50 acres should be planted at Mount Burr with timber trees at 10 feet apart, and filled up with wattles to 3 feet. At Mount Muirhead Flat Reserve, where the* drainage works have recently been carried out, it was agreed to plant 50 acres with Tasmanian blue-gum at 8 feet apart, filling up with wattles to 4 feet. It was determined to give notice of resumption to the lessees of the whole of the Mount Muirhead Beserve, and that the Mount Burr block should be offered for lease on con ditions which would permit of the carrying out of the Conservator's suggestions. POBT-BOAD BBSBBVE, With reference to the fencing and planting of unoccupied portions of the Port-road Reserve, the Conservator was instructed to interview the Corporation of £Chdmarsh(with a plan of the allotments),to ascertain what connection between the road fronting the allotments and the Port ro&d; wna necessary, the same to be marked on the plan, so that the Board might know what portions they might fence and plant. The Board then adjourned until April. 