"We publish in another column the pro gramme of prizes for the State schools, in the City of Ballarat school district, for 1879, , which Mr Maconochie originated, and which has since been adopted by the City Board of Advice, subject to the approval of the Minister of Education. The scheme iB based upon certain remarks made by Major Smith a month or two ago, when he expressed an intention of adding technical instruction to the coniculumof the State schools, so as to extend the usefulness of our educational system. The programme in another column, however, goes farther than this; although assisting boys into an apprenticeship is the centrepiece of Mr Macojsochie's scheme. It also embodies a prize for each class in each school for uniform diligence and exemplary conduct, both in and ont of school, during the year; a gold medal to the pupil securing the highest nnmber of marks at the competition for " the apprentice fee;" and a special gift of £6 6s by Mr James Campbell for excellence in geographical knowledge. Mr Maoonochie's programme has, therefore, a pretty extensive application; and no donbt both that gentleman, and his co-members of the City Board of Advice, will find the Minister and the general public willing enough to render them all the assistance that is necessary to carry this new scheme into practical operation. The most interesting part, however, of the programme ie the provision it makes for assisting boys to learn trades; and the necessity of something of the kind being done, ontside the ordinary parental o effort, most by this time be patent to every person. There is such a rash of boys every year into the field of labor, that it is becoming yearly more difficolt for parents to find technical employment for their children. This difficulty arises from the whole nnmber being thrown upon the labor market. In older countries no such difficulty is experienced, -because a large proportion of the lads are received into the army and navy. We have nothing of the kind here; and hence there is a much larger nnmber of freeh boys amongst us seeking technical instruction every year in proportion to population, than is the case in older communities. The effect-of-this plethora of neophytes is anything bat pleasant to S parents. It causes heavy, premiums to be G demanded by employers. But only comaratively few parents can pay. these N nemiumB; and therefore it .neoessarily follows that a great numbra- of boys in Victoria PQR 2 «reprecluded fromlearmngtradee; and this is unquestionably a national disadvantage. The S other day a tradesman was in conversation with a friend in Ballarat. The sub- T P , [act of receiving apprentices arose; and the ::ormer said that hitherto he had tafesn his apprentices bee; but he was so overwhelmed with applications - ~ from wellto-do parents, that be intended to follow 7 a different plan in future. He "would take no ;more apprentices, onlees he tecaved a premium of £60 with each; .and he was quite satisfied that Jie wonld have no difficulty in getting all the apprentices he required on this Amdition. • This feeling is 1 now becoming general amongst employers. Hence it follows that the roqgfa labor .market wDl soon become,, overcrowded, "and mechanics comparatively scarce, in this colony, unless the State or some other effort steps in to meet the difficnlty whkli has arisen, and thns tide the poorer class of parents over tbis drawback to &eir; children's welfare. Obnondy, it wonld be impossible to deal with this qoestion by having wo&shops; amnected with the State achoGia? "Tradee are so vaiions, Jlafots so expensive, and tools/ and rojtief appliances /bo . necessary for this , kindjfinstrnction, that the. attempt to l»nnect». technical instruction with the State schools would be perfectly hopeless. Tbf : W>ly plan, indeed, t)y wladi Major SMITH'S idea can be realiaed iB b-y ^opting 1 the scheme which Mr Maco^qchib his 8track ont, because under; that system no shop or plant ^ronld be required at the State, schools. The boys who received tha State or eemi-private bounty wonld 'oe placed with employers, who had tbfe means ready at their command, to give t>aetQ the necessary instroction, and who C'oald profitably utilise the youthful labor \vhich had come into their possession. It is donbtfal, however, whether the £15 'competitive prize which Mr MACOKOCH1E saggeBts would meet the end aimed at. The smonnt seems to as to be too small, and the nnmber of prizes too limited, to grasp the question as it really deserves to be handled. Bat it is a step in the right direction. It is the nacleas, so to speak, of a much larger scheme, which the Minister of Education has promised to adopt; and it will do some good, pending the introduction of much larger arrangements. In view of all the circumstances of the case, then, Mr Macoxochie has struck ont a good idea, and one that deserves to be warmly supported. The mining share market presented a lively appearance last week, and a good general business was transacted in stocks all round, although the Creswick and Egerton mineB were the prevailing favorites for investment and speculation. In the early part of the week, however, shares in the most fashionable ,ventures ;were not easy to procure, but towardB the cIobb sellers were brought out consequent on buyers having offered .closer prices. Black Horse shares were dealt in np to £6 15s and afterwards steadily declined to £6 3s on Saturday, owing to the fortnight's yield bang less than anticipated, but closed better, with sales at £6 8s. There were numerous sales of Egerton shares at from 57s 6d to 59s, and the market for this stock was as steadyas the weekly yields from thexnine. The improvedyieldsfromtheDeMurskamine caused shares to rise from 25s 6d to 28s, bat Dyke's eased abont 6d per share. The diamond drill at the Loaghlin's claim having again been set to work, the operations there were closely watched, and when it became known that the bore was down 240 feet, or about 7 feet deeper than it went through the rock at the previous bore, the price of shares advanced to 17s 6d, but having holed through on Friday, there were sellers at 17s. It is probable that the directors, having proved the direction of deep ground to the west, will now proceed with their shaft, and the diamond drill be utilised in testing the course of the western lead in that locality, through the Madame Berry Company's area. With the exception of South Birthday, Dunolly stocks were very firm throughout the week, and the continued splendid yields from the Queen's Birthday mine induced buyers to increase their offers from £13 15s to £15 10s, although there were few shares offering at 5s more than the latter figure. Sultan shares were in good demand, owing to the report from the mine, stating that the stone in the No. 5 level was looking much better than nsnal, and, added to the declaration of a 5b dividend, holders declined to quit under £4 7s at the close of the market With the exception of a few slight fluctuations in other stocks there was not much difference shown between opening and closing prices, while shares in Pleasant Creek ventures were very steady. The discovery of gold-bearing quartz in the Sulieman Pasha claim is a most important item in connection with quartz mining in Ballarat East, and will do much to stimulate further development there. There is no doubt that the reef is a continuation of the Devil's Point line, or what was formerly known as the Prince of Wales reef. The quantity of water tapped is evidence of the near presence of a large body of quartz, but we .understand the intention is to sink to 300 feet before opening out. The report of the operations of the Llanberris Company since its commencement shows that notwithstanding the success already achieved by persevering industry, there is yet plenty of quartz country to be prospected. It is satisfactory, however, to notice that the claim is in the hands of Mr PRITCHARD and party of tributors, who are sanguine as to future results. In the West, also, the New Koh-i-Noor are apparently on the run of gold-bearing qaartz in their No. 3 level; and to the south, the Smith's Freehold are reported to be doing well, although, for some reason or other, the company is very reticent in the way of making known the returns. Williams' Freehold, too, are in good qnartz; so that in this portion of the division mining matters wear a healthy aspect, and give promise of years of remunerative work. The yields are, on the whole, up to the average, and the following dividends have been declared during the week:—De Murska,5s; Saltan, 5s; Dyke's, Is. The comparative yieldB are as tinder:— Last Week. Week Before os dwtgr os dwtgr Oity of Canterbury .,.,. De Muraka......„._.„ 6418 12 281 18 0 129 8 0 Duchess 14 8 0 14 12 18 Byke's. 116 8 0 205 2 O Egerton 228 0 0 22S 6 -fl Kingston Park 29 4 12 Little Stream, Newtown.., 8 0 12 9 S 0 New Victoria...,..n.H.H,„ 90 11 0 78 1 0 Kew Eureka 7 18 12 Baoooouree 77 10 0 SO 11 0 Beform 280 11 0 272 18 0 Bistort. 269 8 0 212 4 0 " Ryan's Junction ............ 68 6 0 67 18 0 Bose and Shamrock... 15 IE 18 Trunk Lead 100 8 0 103 6 0 I*st Fortnight . Before- . Black Horse „.„.„..„ 221 0 0 263 0 0, and Albion Consols 195- 1 0 241 6 0 ' 8tar. SO 0 12 114 19 0 Llewellyn „, L , „ 17 17.12 New North Olunea .Ml 0 0. - 208; O 0. ew Dimbcfe 88 10 0 49 14 0 iQ Deeperandnm - 12 4.12. United . 90 5 O 109 0 O Queen's Birthday—..^.., CT2 6 0 647 10 0 Rnlt™. • 219 0 0 208 0 0 oUtll fUnwna ' 452 3 0 82 0 Ol - ?4 0 O ort Phillip (month). 1S47 16 0 His Excellency the Marquis of Normanby, accompanied by Lord Eerrey Phipps (private secretary), .Sir-Bryan OToghlpn, two-members, of the Ministry, and Colonel Anderson, will yjsit Ballarat to-day, arriving by special train at ntti, and will be received at the Western station bjrrfite mayors and connc31ore*of the* fcityand town, and a -gnard of honor of ttie B.V.R. Not being an official "risili 'formal addretses .wiH its- dispenaed with, bat this will not In. the least detract from' -the ceremonies dne 4t> the 'important occasion .of welcoOlngSip n^raentatire of royalty, the sriangemmti^or «)dcUhaft been completed mosteaQsTactorily.. AAstf-libUdavhas been declared, and we are gla9,jb state will be •tricky observed. Sope .concent was manifested -lest toe luge drapery Anns wonld not agree on tbU point, but this matter has-been satisfactorily aetHod by all deciding to close at nocm. The boa. Minister of Public Instruction has also given a lulf holiday toallthe State schools within a radius -* '^enty mtlfHj and the aamg .pjivilsge hsaJ^een ded to the Christian Brothers' schools of Bal- Urat The Post Office will be dosed at noon, aad then will -be no tour o'clock delivery, bat mails will be noeived and .despatched a* usuaL Ob die arrival of tiis JEnsellency, as we have «tated, a. ptoceasSon -rf paHic boSies and the fire brigades will be formed, and proceed, to Cnug"e hotel; all tbe State school, chadreo, "* *ith the inmates of tipsOrphan Asylum, ng line in lydiard street, from Btnrt street to. the nilway station, through wMcli'the' proces^on, headed by the Ballarat -bran band,-*ill jrass. Xlsgs ifiu also be strenibd torn hnUdings at eicH aide of the street«irtervals; and it be that all the bnntlng available be hoisted, to give the city and town bs gay an appearance as possible. On attiring at Craig's hotel, his Excellency will be received by a guard of honor of about 100 State school pupils, armed with carbines, and accompanied by the bands of Messrs Armstrong and Bosenblum's schools. The Prince of Wales Light Horse is to serve as an escort for his Excellency during his stay in Ballarat. Luncheon having been partaken of at Craig's hotel, a start will be made for Wendouree. After a nip round the lake in one of the steamers to witness the regatta, the party will drive through the city and town. The procession will proceed .up Sturt street .and Pleasant street to Lake Wendouree, and return from the Botanical Gardens down Sturt street'as far as Barkly street, back to Craig's hotel, wbere the banquet will take place at six o'clock; and his Excellency will leave for Melbourne at eight o'clock. Asa£ttingtermination to tbe proceedings of the day, many of the public and private buildings of the city and town will be illuminated; and the City Sail will be specially attractive in this respect; in the event of calm weather. Altogether, the reception bids fair to be worthy of the city and town of Ballarat; and being the first inland town to welcome our new Governor, we are sure that the welcome will be of the heartiest description from the loyal thousands who will assemble to pay their respects to the representative of Her Majesty the Queen. The following letter was received by Mr Showman on Saturday:—" Town Hall, 8th March. Sir,—Re visit of bis Excellency the Governor. I have the honor, by direction of the reception committee, to inform yon that owing to the very limited time at their disposal for the Governor's visit, it has been decided not to admit the presentation of addresses (other than that of ~the two councils) into the programme. The committee are therefore unable to appoint a time and place for the Hebrew congregation to meet his Excellency upon this occasion.—I have, '&&, George Pebbt, hon. secretary." In consequence of this letter, tlfe following telegram was gent by Mr Showman to the. private secretary last night:—"Intimation from reception committee that presentation of addresses (other than that of the councils) being excluded from tbe programme, having been received at tbe last moment; the Ballarat Jews crave permission to defer the presentation of their address." The jury struck to try the Supreme Court actions of Toung and M'Guigan, contractors, against the Water Commission, to recover £37,680 on a breach of contract, and against Mr Bagge, engineer for the commission, to recover £40,000 for refusing a final certificate of the proper completion of the Gong Gong works, arrived in Ballarat on Saturday morning, and, after p&rtabing; of breakfast at the George hotel, proceeded to inspect the Gong Gong. The inspection lasted over four hours; Mr Stewart being. the shower for the plaintiffs, and Mr Cathbert for the defendants. The jury returned to Melbourne by the evening train, tbe case opening this morning. It is expected to' Isst from fifteento twenty days, although only set down for ten. The plaintiffs' bar consists of Messrs Webb (leading), Higinbotham, H. Williams, and Hamilton; their solicitors being Messrs Malleson, Stewart, and England. For the defeedauts Messrs Billing, Q.C., Box, M'Farland, and Vale have been retained; Messrs Cnthbert and Wynne being their solicitors. Three of the law committee of the commission—Messrs Morrison, Ciaxton, and Josephs—will be in Melbourne during the triaL- A Chinaman named Ah Qnon, when working in the Linton Park claim on "Friday night, received eu'jh injuries as terminated fatally yesterday. Ah Quon was engaged at the face of a drive, when, without warning, .a mass of clay, weighing over 2 cwt., fell, from the. roof of the drive right upon him, almost completely covering him. He was speedily extricated, when if was found that he was very severely cnuhed.' He was then taken to the Ballarat Hospital, but his case was hopeless, and he succumbed to his injuries a few hours after he had been admitted into tbe institution. An acadent happened to the smallest of Mr Wellington's omnibuses in Bipon street yesterday, which fortunately resulted in nothing more than slight damage to the pole of the vehicle. The driver of the bus tried to p&88 another vehicl6 on the road, when bis horses suddenly swerved, and brought the""fore wheel of the conveyance into violent collision with a tree jpiard, with the resolt above stated. The driver was the only person in the vehicle at the time of the accident, and though the shock of the collision was rather severe, he managed to maintain his seat, and prevent the horses taking fright. • A serious mishap, nearly attended with fatal results, happened at the Leigh Road railwaystation on Monday morning. Jtutss the 6.30 pMseDger train was coming in from Ballarat, in charge of Guard Dudley, a special gooda train of some twenty trucks was passing the station from Geelong. An old and respected tanner, named James Parker, attempted to cross the line in front of tbe special, although warned by Mr Hussey,.tbest&tioiiniaster;, not to do so. Parker^ however, jumped down, and made for the opposite si3e,' patching the special and not noticing the arrival of the passenger train. The stationmaster, seeing the imminent danger Parker was in, rushed for him and seized him by tbe collar of the coat, dragging- him On the plat* form just as the buffers of the.up tr? in pushed his legs forward. Much praise is' to the driver, Bend, who, noticing the"'man, funded his whistle and reversed his engine, juti pulling up his train in time to save a fatal and Serious calamity. The exceptionally fee weather el yesterday offered great inducen£nts to the townspeople to visit the lake and gardens, and a very large number of persons put in an appearance at those places daring tbe day: The lake in the afternoon was thronged with craft of various descriptions conveying passengers to and from the gardens. The water in the lake is, in spite of tbe long stretch of dry weather, still of a sufficient depth for tbe largest boats at present on it Mr John Thompson, of Weatherboard, met with a serious accident on Friday afternoon, by which bis right arm was fractured, together with several of his ribs. "It appears that whilst riding one of his bones to water without a saddle, the animal's winkers came off, upon which it bolted, throwing its riderheavily to the ground and kicking lim on the right side. Mr Thomson was conveyed'into Ballarat, where be receivedthe necessary medical attendance. ? - - - Eonr grain trains were despatched on Sunday, two from Ballarat and two from Melbourne, to clear the up-country stations—Horsham, Glenorchy, GreenhUls, and others. The trains returned duringtbe-day, twinging about 800 tons of wheat, all of whidj is destined for Melbourne. In one of the Melbourne trains was the bogie H track, an eight-wheeler; to which 150 bags of wheat were stowed. An. extensive bush- fire iras observable in the direction of Dean all yesterday, and in the eariv evening the.sky was perfectly refulgent with tbe reflection. The fire, however, appeared to have subsided at about ten o'clock. The Bsllarat regatta, under the patronage of his Excellency the Msrquis of Normanby takes place to- day at Wendouree, and will be tbe occasion of some tough contests. The competitors include crews from the Corio and Lake (Albert Park) dubs, and from the practice by the two latter clubs yesterday morning, the local rowing men will have all their work to front His Excellency will arrive just previous to flie start of the yacht race,' and proceed roundthe uke in one of the steamers. . In justice to the City Board of Advice it is only fair to--aay, seeing that other- persons have appropriated the honor of making ttiesuggestion, that that board was the first to-advise the association of penny savings: basks with the State schools. The idea was brought under the notice of the board more -than three,yemn ago by Mr Whitehead, and cordially adoptedby that body. , A little, boy named James Stevens,: whose parents reside at Blackwood, was admitted into tbe Hospital on Friday, suffering irom injuries to his left hand, sustained when he was playing at a whim, near his parents' residence. A Chinaman named Sam Kin, who resides at Golden Point, was also admitted into the institution on Saturday, for tbe treatment of a very severe cut onbis forehead, which he sustained by- tripping and felling on some sharp substance near bis own house on that day. —- - ^•"We are requested topublish the following note •wapve to the. differences which have arisen between the agents for the American publication' entitled "Our First Century,''and the parties-who now complain that the worth is not equal to their expectations. Our correspondent writes:—"On my arrival from Mdhoaraettis morning ! met Mr Johnson, the agent for the supply of the Amerioan publication,«Our Tint : Century,' at the residence oE.amend, wherehecalled to get paymentfor a copy of the work. My friend, whilst pleased with Uie ityie^of (he book, expnased his displeasure on" ending that amongst the groat nations! events re- «orded a whole chapter was devoted to the prise ngbt between MbRiasey and Heenan. 4 Away jnfli it' says my friend, Til have none of ft.' When I gave«n OTaer for the book Inevqrdreamt coat it would include such Btnff as the disgusting Jetads of a/prize fight' ' Stay, stay,*said the arable Mr Johnson, turn to tbe concluding sentenoes of the chapter, and read the moraL' My toeod did eo, and on -finding- that Mornssey became member of.-'the United ™tel Congress, and .'that his fearing vis imivenaQy conceded to have been' intell«en% modesti and gentlemanly,', he relented, PUd his £g, sua frankly.admitted "that after all Mamtiey was not a"bad fellow, and that a knbwtedge of the nobte.art.of self-defence was useful .and not lncomastentwith 'the t&aracterof;«truetan BrRou. 7 Ih^oitipe <4o~dhmgen: wbo -«re pushing their business pith eoergy;and affability, and iUj : ' — I have much pleasure in saying that amongst those of my friends in Melbourne who have taken, the book, there is not one who has not expressed bimself as perfectly satisfied with the value obtained for his money." The following announcements appear in tbe Gazette .-—Mr John Hickman, of Ballarat West, to be a justice of the peace within the southern bailiwick. The Administrator of the Government in Council has accepted the resignation by Mr James M'Dowall of the commission of the peace for the Bame bailiwick. A special general meeting of the Ballarat City Fire Brigade was held at the station on Saturday evening, to take into consideration a letter received from tbe reception committee, requesting the brigade to take part in the procession to-day. Tbe request was complied with. The honorary and active members are to muster at the brigade station at eleven o'clock. The officers nrgently request every member to be present. With the exception of drunkards, tbe only occupants of tbe Town lock-up last night were—James Moran, charged with threatening to kill Matthew Clark on the 7th instant; and Thomas Bntler, for assaulting Constable Curtin, who bad arrested him on a charge of drnnkenness. The prisoners will be dealt with this morning. We have been requested by the secretaries of the regatta committee to ask the proprietors of steamboats, and people rowing and Bailing on Lake Wendouree, to assist tbe committee in keeping the course clear during the races. On Sunday last, in connection with the anniversary services of the Wesleyan Sunday school. Little Bendigo, three impressive aermons were preached to good congregations—in the morning and evening by the Bev. T. Adamson, and in the afternoon by the Bev. W. Henderson. This evening a tea and public meeting will be held in connection with the school. Mr J. James, M.P.. will preside. Addresses will be delivered by the Bevs. W. Henderson; Adamson, and the circuit ministers; also by Messrs M.and B. Hosking. The fourth event for the Gill trophy was sailed on the lake on Saturday afternoon, and proved a verygoodcontest. TheVictoria, Achievement, Maid of Kent, Coquette and Vagabond entered for the race. There was a good breeze from the south, and at the start the' Achievement showed to the front, and rounded the Gardens Island first, the Vagabond being close up. In beating to windward tbe Vagabond went to the fore, and led down to the south buoy, where an accident happened to her spinnicker, which threw her to leeward. At tbe last buoy in the first round, the skipper of the Vagabond tried to get between the Achievement and the buoy, when the mainsail caught in tbe post, and wbb. badly rent From that time the Achievement led, and she won a good race in 1 hr 25 min 40 sec. The times of the other boats were —Vagabond, 1 hr 26 min 45 sec; Victoria, 1 hr 29 min 45 sec; Coquette, 1 hr 30 mitt 15 sec. The Maid of Kent was apparently over- ballasted, and from the start had no show in the race. Tbe scoring now stands—Achievement and Beporter two legs in each. The fifth event will be sailed next Saturday. Dr Thornton, the Anglican Bishop of Ballarat, delivered his lecture on "Some old church worthies," at Staffordshire Beef on Friday evening last, in aid of the funds for nuking certain improvements to the. Church of England- building. Tbe meeting was "held in the Presbyterian Church, which was kindly lent for the occasion. The Bev. J. Norton, incumbent, presided; but in consequence of an entertainment, which took place on the'same evening, the attendance was not so large as might have teen expected. The Presbyterian choir, led by Mr Potter, sang several sacred pieces. Mr H. Toung gave some selections, on the harmonium, and Mr W. D. Hey wood sang most tastefully the song, " Half-mast high." The members of tbe Ballarat Catholic Toung Men's Society held their usual weekly meeting in the Catholic lihrary, Dawson street, on Friday last The president of the society occupied the chair; the Bev. Father Cleaiy, chaplain to the society, was also present. Two new members were elected. The debate—"Whether was Hannibal or Alexander the greater general?" was proceeded with, and after some excellent arguments were brought together by both sides, the debate was adjourned until that night week, vote of thanks to the chair dosed the meeting. The Bight Bev. Br O'Connor, B.C. Bishop of BaUarat; preached at St.' Patrick's Cathedral, yesterday, a very eloquent and learned discourse on the gospel of tbe day. At the conclusion of the service the bishop announced that, on account of the visit of his Excellency 4he Jdarquis of Nor* -xnanby to.Ballarat, to-day would be observed u a close holiday in all the Bo man Catholic schools in the district. Mr L. Flegeltaub, jeweller, will have on view to-day the Sanbury Challenge Cup, the gift of the Hon. W. J. Clarke to the Ballarat Begatta. The cup, which is about 18 inches in height, stands on a pedestal of bright silver, from which spring rushes. The bowl of the cup is of bright silver also, and from it droop rushes and water-flags in dead silver. The cup is surmounted by a covering of bright silver,'on which stands a rower holding an oar. The trophy is worth -£20, and is quite in keeping with tbe numerous liberal gifts which the «wner has lavishly dealt out Mr Flegeltaub will exhibit a second cup, his own gift, value 6 guineas for the winner of the Maiden Sculls. The Smy theadale Borough Council meton Friday evening last; the mayor, Councillors Keith, Parker, Kirk, Shepherd, and-Schwartz being present.. In connectiof with a letter from the secretary of the united town and goldfields common, tbe question as to whether Mr G. Bang, not being a councillor, was still one of the managers of the common, caused a considerable amount of discussion, and it was ultimately decided to ask Mr Bang to resign as a msnagerof the common, Councillors Schwartz and Shepherd bong in favor of postponing the matter untE next meeting. • The ann^i valuation of the ratable property within tbe borough was received and adopted, as were the estimates of receipts and expenditure for the year. The works committee were authorised, on the suggestion of Councillor Schwartz, to make some needed improvements sit the well near the toll-gate. The -mayor mentioned that complaints had been made that some property belonging to the local fire brigade was being-left out ill the sun and injured. Councillor Shepherd explained the matter, and the ^meeting closed. Mr Fitzpatrick, J.P., presided at the City Polica Court on Saturday, and fined James Smart and Thomas Gray 10* each for threatening behavior in a public place. A picnic, in aid of the Ballarat charities, was held at Fairlie farm, Grenviile, on Friday last. The weather was all that could be desired, and some 300 or 400 people attended. The committee had made excellent arrangements for the amusement of visitors, and the Buninyong Fire Brigade drum and fife band kindly gave their services gratis. The special prizes (consisting of two silvermounted ridrag-whips), for the best and neatest riders, for boys under ten, were awarded to Master Davis (first prize) and Master Sparling (second). These were various other prizes for racing, &c.f; but we were unable to learn the particulars. A merry-go-round wis present, and caused great excitement among the youngsters, as it was its 'first appearance in the district." Much fun was caused by the attempts to cut the cock's head off, bnt he is still hanging to his tree. Aunt Sally wis to the fore, and wis la successful as usual in protecting her pipe. Croquet, cricket, qooiu, and skitties were all well patronised. The most exciting- event of tbe day was: the race between the fat landlord and the gouty butcher for a gninea hat. The two started well together, but the butcher, by carefully husbanding his wind,' was ahle to put on a fine spurt near the finish, and won by a few yards. The ••victualling department waa managed by Mr C. Unwin, and gave the greatest satisfaction. After tea an adjournment was made to-tbeichoolroom, in which acnuert'Wis held. Mr A. Tsylor was to have taken the chair, but having been very busy during the day he requested Or Sparling to take his place, which he" did 'very' ably. The Misses Budden presided at tbe piano, and also played several duets very artistically. The Graham family renderedvaluable assistance in their usual effective style, AIr &. Graham singing two songs incharacteii " The Laid of Cockpen"and "I am gave >treat with "Pgpita," . " Kathleen. Mavournaen,' . jnd "Sing, tweet Bird," and was accompanied on "the $iano by 'lier -daughter Miss-Both Yofetil,- whoie playing, although she fs^only ten years M oldj is far above that of ordinary-amateurs. i *f J. Johnston jwy sweetly; Mr Frarer sang "The zSntish BoaV' Mews ' Sides" and Ftrrar rendered several comic songs, which were highly appreciated. Harter B. Godfrey «ang •* Long Barney," and was also greatly apylioded. Mr IfHaffle was as amnaing as nana as a ventriloquist^ and also sang •several songs. Mr J. Irving was to have given some recitations, and much sympathy was felt "for him Vhen it was announced that.he had met with in accident A Vote of'thanka'was accorded to tbe ladies and gentlemen who bad so kindly given iheir services, to tbe Bnninyohg~band, and also to Mr J. Sides,'who bad lent Ids splendid pianoforte. A vote of-thanks to the chair,«nd " God save the Queen" by the audience, brought a most entertainmpnt^o a dose. -Theroom was crowded to BtrggH, and a considerable ihalsrre will remain for Che charities after all expenses are paid. , The. annual meeting of-theseat-holdera of Holy Trinity Chuxcb^'Camgbao^wasbeld in the church on Thursday evening last .Tha-Bev. E. K. Feat- , ; The frlara-sheet submitted: w*s adopted, - andjehowed that the total income Cor. the past year was about £300; that there was a balance in hand io the fund for the ordinary church expenditure;: and that the debt on the new church had been reduced to £100. The retiring-members of committee, and the office-bearers, were re elected. The ladies connected with the church are busily engaged in preparing a bazaar, which is to take place on Whit Monday, which they expect will enable tbem to clear off entirely the debt remaining on tbe church. Mr D. Fitzpatrick, auctioneer, sold the booths for the St. Patrick's Day fete en Saturday afternoon, at very good prices. No. 1 booth, near the Byre street gate, was bought by Messrs Meagher and Kennedy for £U; No. 2, at the back of the grand stand, by Messrs Droney and Carroll, for £16; No. 3, at tbe south -of the ground, by Mr John -Meagher, for X16. No. 1 confectioner's booth was bought by Mr Beid for £4; No. 2 by Mrs Goodwin, for £3; and tbe dancing booth by Mrs M'Cann, for £1. The right to sell cards of the events was disposed of for £L The return match between the Ballarat and the Learmontb bowling clubs took place on Saturday on the Ballarat green, and resulted in a victory for the Ballarat club by 12 points. The result was as follows:—Ballarat No. 1 rink—Logan, Bennett, Freshaw, Finlayson (captain), 23; No. 2 rink—Normand, Osborne, Bade, Sim (captain), 25; No. 3 rink—M'lntyre, Goldswortny, Jack, Bain (captain), 38 ; total, 86. Learmonth No. 1 rink—Boss, Ellis, Bain, M'Cnbbin (captain), 24; No. 2 rink—Poole, Stewart, Vallance, Bichmond (captain), 34; No. 3 rink—Finlay, Henry, Murphy, Baird (captain), 16; total, Use following is the notice paper for the general meeting of the Orphan Asylum committee on Tuesday next r—House committee's report; report of sub-committee on the admission of two children named Doehring, from Talbot; one child named Krugger; and two children named O'Meara, from Sebastopol; general business; fresh applications. The committee of the Presbyterian Church, Windermere, has received a donation of £10 towards the ' sustentation fond from Mr WV. J. Clarke, through Mr{r. G.Morton. Mr Niven, lithographer, &c.;, of Sturt street, has just issued another view of Wendouree, showing the new fountain and steamboat houses on- the eastern bend of the lake. The' time selected for the view is the starting of the yachts for one of tbe recent races, the boats being visible and under full sail; Altogether the picture is a very taking production. We remind our readers of the concert and dramatic entertainment which is to take place in the Academy of Music this evening. It will be seen by reference to our advertising columns that a most attractive programme has been prepared for the occasion. The firstpart of the entertainment, viz., the concert, will be seen to be bristling with musical gems, which will be presented to the audience by our best local musicians; while the dramatic part, which is to consist of the comedietta " The Toodles," which was' rehearsed, on Saturday evening, promises to be not the least entertaining part of the programme. Altogether this entertainment promises to prove a fitting wind-up to tbe day's proceedings, and we have no donbt tbat the hall of the Academy will present a very brilliant and animated. appearance when the 1 curtain rises. We understand that J4r Harrison's brass band will be amongst tbe performers on the occasion of the receptionof bis Excellency the Governor in Ballarat this morning. During the past week 165 in-door and 637 outdoor patients were treated at the Ballarat Hospital. We remind intending competitors for the St Patrick's Day Fete sports tbat the entries dose to-day, at Bropby's hotel; also, that traders for the services of a band to play during tbe tete will be dealt with this evening, up to which time tenders will be received.. The adjourned meeting of butchers' employes will be beid at the North Grant hotel to-morrow (Tuesday) evening, at eight o'clock. Of the 1089 persons relieved at the Benevolent Asylum last week, 447 were children. \- We are requested by tbe secretary of the Benevolent Asylum to state that the meeting of the committee of management has been postponed till Tuesday evening, at half-past seven. A meeting of tbe brewers, and wine and spirit merchants^icnic committee will be held at Craig's hotel this evening, at eigbt o'clock. A tea and public meeting will take place in the Lai Lai Methodist Free Church this evening, at half-past six. Mr James Campbell will lecture on "The five greatest sights in Europe," in the Wesleyan Church, Egerton, to-morrow evening. We have received part 9 of the Victorian Pub Ushers' Circular from Mr M. L. Hutchinson, of Melbourne. A tea meeting and entertainment is to be held this evening at the Methodist Free Church, Lai Lai, and addresses will be delivered by several clergymen. Tbe tea meeting and concert in aid of the Little Bendigo Sunday school will be Jteld this evening. Amongst the attractions at the to-day will be an exhibition at TayloPs boat-house, of a specimen of the octopus, which was recently caught at , Portland. . The following (says an Age telegram from Alexandra), is the finding at tbe magisterial inquiry held on the body of the late Mr Duacan MK3oU, who was killed at the Acheron on Tuesday last: " That tbe deceased came by bis death through the gross negligence of Edward Craws wick, by putting the bucket down the shaft before the end of the rope was fastened to the horse-gear.** Hie funeral of deceased was numerously attended. While the cortege was proceeding from the Achero Mr Jas. M'Coll's buggy was upset down a steep hill, and several of the occupants were thrown out aBd severely injured. Tbe Gordon Advertiser has been informed that the Gordon railway is not likely to be opened for the next three months, in consequence of the Government being unable to supply the redgum sleepers. l%e Herald understands that beyond acknowledging the receipt of the letter from the managers of the eight banks, -enquiring whether tbe Ministry endorse the statements imputed to Mr Patterson, no answer will be returned. -Our contemporary is informed that the cablegram which reached the Government in reference to the loan stated that the banks " insist" on a minimum of £95 10s. Mr Patterson resented the notion that .the banks, who were agents of the Victorian Government, should "insist" at alL It seemed to him that it was for the Goverament to fixtheir giinimwrn, M^ ^ banks as-agents, to adhere to the reserved price named by the principals. Mr Patterson further considers that when tbe banks " insisted" on a low minimn^ they were prompted by motives not altogether unselfish. The Melbourne correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser writes *—" The commissioners of the exhibition have received a most precious and valuable proposition from a film of bell-ftmndera in America, which there is every probability 'they will try to take advantage of. it is, that if the commissioners will pay the expense of hanging ! peal of bells in one of the towers the firm will deliver the same free_.to rh™. and moreover, permit them to exercise achoice as to the size and character of the metal used. The Arm inqneation can supply peals of every limit of weight and consequent density of sound op to four hundred tons, if necessary, and are prepared to loan these —on the chance of after sale to tome of our ecclesiastical edifices —delivered in Melbourne free of charge.". No immediate permanent appointment to -the Agency-General appears (says the Anas}.to be contemplated by the Government. Itwrnaamnged with Mr Berry before be left that (he Hon. H. C. E. Childers sbonld be asked to take charge temporarily in London, and that the selection of the colonial politician who will nlUmatdy fill the post should be.deferred for a time. It is contemplated by the Government to add to the importance of T the duties discharged by the Agent-General, and also to increase the emolument, and dins the position will become veiy desirable, and the .office will be ene not to be lightly thrown away. Ai a partial reconstruction of the Cabinet sa expected at no distant date, it is possible that the appointment will not be made till then. Writs (says the Telegrapiy have been Issued by the Government against a nnmber of squatters who have neglected their list half- year's navments under the Land Tax Act. ThearreandVnotnow exceed £1600, and it is folly anticipated that the whole will be .paid np without .the necessity of rooting to extreme legal measures. Among those who have been backward in their payment? are a h,T e 8i yen ootioeof appeal S^S ^ , J? 4 f^"" 4 haveatrongly urged that they should not be compelled to »v a^^ffltteirapp^bivebeenKi T£ aepMtment, however. Insist upon immediate uav- ^"i.fcaeevmtof the diurfflSof the estates being reduced, whatever may have been Tse*SImfeii ICeW ° f "" Tedaced wfll -pressed on Saturday when it became known Out theyoungman William MotEatt, employed ol Hew Gouth^Wale^wbo wu^uSdotaU; ••"" a few days since, had died. He was tat S " ' 0 " ywrf ve. and well-known in Heltemint^ B wfll be remembered that a few daya ttnee Moffatt eaw.a suspidous-loakw, character «nter the bank, ,nd drew out atoiSfrSbfch was a loaded revolver. The weapon, by tome meuis, fell on the floor and eiploded, AooOai Mo&ttinthelegs.; At first butSS^ttS of themattp-, rad teuflcipued-b&ig; atbat^l in a few days. Two days since a letter waa received from him by a friend in Melbourne, written in the most hopeful strain. On Friday, however, lockjaw set in, and it soon became painfully evident that the end was near. Some friends from Melbourne were telegraphed for, but on their arrival Moffatt was found to be insensible. Be was in Melbourne on Saturday week. Very general regret is expressed at the fatal termination of the sad accident. The deceased was to be married shortly to a young lady residing near Melbourne." At a meeting of the committee of the Sandhurst School of Mines, held on Friday morning (says the Age) it was decided t placed in the Exhibition, 25 feet high and U feet in diameter at the bottom, representing 11,000,000 oz of gold, that being the amount obtained in that district since the Bendigo diggings were discovered. The Loudon Chartered Bank at Landsborough (says the Avoca Free Press) has been closed. The terror inspired by the Kelly gang is said to be the chief cause of the closing of tbe bank, which, it is reported, was doing a large and profitable business. We learn from tbe Ovens and Murray Advertiser that his Excellency the Governor has been pleased to favorably consider the case of Mr P. P. NihilL who was recently fined£20 at the Corowa police court for refusing to be sworn in as a special constable, and has remittedthe fine. From onr Geelong correspondent we (Age) learn that a public meeting, convened by the Political Reform League, was hdd on Friday evening in the Free Library for the purpose of condemning the action of the Government in the matter of the Newliam ballot. There -were about 200 persons present; and Mr A. M. Campbell occupied the chair. On tbe motion of Mr Charles Andrews 6ecended by Mr Gibson, the followingresolution was carried:—" That in the opinion of this meeting the conduct of the Government in preventing the .electors of Newham recording their votes at the recentelection for West Bourke is highly censurable, and establishes a precedent which is calculated to give the Ministry-of the day the power at any time to deprive free electors of their legitimate rights." ' Mr D. Gaonson, M T, A , in favor of the resolution. A great deal (says the Age) has been said lately abput the prosperity existing in New South Wales. During the debate on Ways and Means on the 4th instant, Mr M'Elhone, in his place in the New South Wales Parliament, according to the Evening News, drew the following dismal picture of the state of affairs in the sister colony:—" He bdieved the country was almost as bad as it could be. Our surplus had arisen solely from the sale of the public estate. The banks would not now advance money on station property, because the surplus was locked up in the purchase of land, and lent by tbe banks for that purpose. All other kinds of property was depreciating. The Sydney merchants would say that business waa never worse - and people were looking for employment in hundreds. We were parting with tee public estate, but not putting- population on the soil. He advised a careful revision of the taxation of the country, in order that the Government might be prepared to meet their difficulties when they came." The Safety-cage Commission (says the Age) will meet on Wednesday next, at the Parliament Houses, when they will finally consider their report. The Minister of Xands (says the Telegraph) has definitely decided upon introducing a new Babbit Extermination Bill immediately after the opening of the next session of Parliament. The basis of the bill will be somewhat similar to that of the bill introduced last session, namely—a provision offering occupants of -land a subsidy for destroying the rabbits upon GrownJandipJUid-compelling-them to destroy the rabbits on their own lands, failing which the local bodies will have power to direct officers to go upon those lands and destroy the rabbits at the occupants' expense. Various alterations will be made in the details of the bill, as compared with that of last session, but the most important difference will he in the regulations affecting squatters' holdings, which the Cabinet have not yet definitely decided upon. Great devastation has been caused by bush-fires to the stations lying between Pensburst and Hawkesdale. Miles upon miles of fencing have been everywhere destroyed, while the blackened country,- as far as the eye can reach, is utterly devoid of grass. Mr Denis Mtfamara (reports the -Hamilton Spectator) had a large camp on the Belfast road, at his contract, and observing the fire approaching, he and his men rushed to save their tents and valuables, but, although they managed to drag tbeir tents from the side to the middle of the road, the firewas too strong, and the men had to fiy to save their lires; all the tents bong consumed, as well is one of the drays, and the whole . of die contractor's stock of oats, together with the men's clothing and effects. 