N E W S OF THE DAY. Up to tho time The Herald went to press Sir Bryan O'Loghlen had not received any communication from Mr Berry. It is not likely that anything will" be heard from tlio Chief Secretary for a few days. From all sides reports of bu3h fires come to hand. In somo cases th'o telegraph lines havo been destroyed, and communication inter rupted. So ftu- as we havo hoard, 110 loss of life, other than that mentioned in The Herald yesterday, has taken place. Serious losses have, however, beon inflicted on a num ber of struggling families. If Messrs Berry and Pearson have gone straight on to London, without delay, thoy should reach thero this evening. So completely has tho smoke from the various bushfires shrouded tlio Bay tliat vessels find it difficult to get through tho I-Ioads either way. A11 excursion steamer, which left on Thursday for Geelong, could not find tho entrnnco thereto, and was compelled to ro- turn without having readied her destina tion. The Supreme Court will sit nt 10 o'clock on Monday, in the Old Court House, for tlio do. livery of reserved judgments. The petition 011 behalf of Mr Ireland) who hns been convicted of embracery, which lias been presented to tlio Attorney-Goneral, is being at present dealt with by tho Crown Low Department, and the circumstancos con- nected witli the affair is under roviow with tho_ object of seeing if there is any grounds on which mercy can bo extended to the unfor tunate man. Tho petition is largely signed by members of Parliament, and some of tiie lead ing tradesmen of tlio city, who all boar testi mony to tlio good conduct of Ireland, prior 1 0 Iris being tompted to take part in the disgrace ful affair for which lie is now suffering. A deputation, consisting of OounoiUora Priestly, Inglis and Winter, waitod to- day on tho Commissioner of Public Works to ascer tain what proportion of tlio cost of a clock in tlio Richmond Town Hall would bo contri buted by tiie Government. After somoi con versation Mr Patterson promised one-third of the cost. It was incidentally mentioned that the clock would cost about fi'700. Tlio s.s. Dcrwcnt, which loftLaunccstou this morning, will probably arrive in tlio Bay about three o'clock to-morrow afternoon, landing her passengers at tlio Sandridge Railway .Pier. She brings 250 tons of tin from the mines 111 tlio northern part of tlio island for transhipment into the Lusitania, which loaves for London iu a few days, Mr Pnnton is doing good work, nnd tlio suc cessor to the king of King street, relegated to gaol far twelve months last week, fell into troubled waters about half-past ten o'clock last night, when lie was parading iris domain and creating a very babel of discordant sounds. Constable Love was attracted to tlio spot, and advised tho young limn, named Matthew Ryan, alias .1 ones, to go -home. .Ho poini, blank refused, and daroil tlio policeman to arrest him ; at tlio samo time, lie wrested tho baton from his grasp, and got homo two or three heavy blows 011 tlio coil- stable's body. Another member of tlio force came up, and the two succeeded in getting Ryan into the Rose of Australia Hotel. By this time his subjects commenced to congre gate, and a volley of Htones fol lowed the retreating figures of the police. A cab was sent forand obtained, and Ryan was got into it amid a perfect shower of missiles, ono of which struck hiin heavily on the head nnd out it. Mr Pnnton said ho could not have the peace of the city disturbed by rioters like tlio prisoner. He would call upon hiin now to show cause why I10 should not bo bound to keep tho peace. Prisoner said ho could not show cause, and Mr Pnnton ordered him to find two sureties of ' £200 each to keop the peaco to all nnd every of. Her Majesty's subjects, and to bo detained in Her Majesty's Gaol till they wero procured. A meeting of gentlemen connected with the press, and tho friends of the late Mr William Mower Aklmrst, was held this afternoon, for tho purpose of talcing steps to. initiate a benoht performance ancl Iris widow and family, nt Ifenninpliam's Hotol, Swanston-stroet. Mr James Smith, who had convened the meeting, was voted to the chair, nnd elected permanent chairman?; Mr 11. P. Wliitworth was elected lion, secretary ; Mr Howard Wil- loughby, treasurer ; and tlio following gentle, men members of committee Messrs H. Britton, Dr. Neiid, and Messrs Wil liams, Fenton, Siimnonds, Collier, and Mi.l- dlcton. Tlio meeting was then adjourned to Wednesday next, at four o'clock, when nil gentlemen who remember Mr Alchurst are re quested to attond. We understand that during the hot weather tho prisoners at Pentridgo are receiving the hour's schooling usually given in the evening, 111 the middle of tile day. This, with tho hour for dinner, cnnblcs them to get out of tho sun during the hottest portion of tho day. The police appear determined to rid Swans ton street, from Bourke street to Collins street, of the number of objectionable females who nightly patrol it. Last night Senior-constable O'jleara arrested two of thoso nuisances, and Mr Pnnton, in inflicting a light penalty, said tliat lie wished -it to bo understood that, in future, he would be more severe 111 dealing with those women, who made the streets by 110 means a fit place for decent people to walk 111. At the City Court this morning, a young innn, named William Jones, was charged with having assaulted nnd robbed a colored man, named Georgo Siinmonds, a lumper and sailor. It appeared that about two this morning he met the prisoner at tlio intersection of Stephen and Little Bourko streets. He asked prosecutor to shout, but he replied that he had 110 money. Prisoner then said, "I will shout two shillings for your one j" but Siimnonds continued to reiterate that lie had no tnonoy. They then went to a house in Albert place, kept by a woman named Sarah Wall. Prisoner, it was said, then struok Simmonds several times, and lie, running into the square shouting out, brought Constable Griffin on to tho scene, who found tlio prisoner secreted in a bed, the womnu of the house having denied that he was there. He obtained no money from Simmonds. A sentence of two months' imprisonment woe passed. Mr Panton said he should have been charged under tho Vagrant Act. Mr Montfort said he was aware of tihab, and would take care that a similar mistake did not occur again. Sarah Wall, the keeper of the house, wns then charged under tiiat aot, and sent to gaol for six months. We have received a copy of the Australian Racing Guide (autumn edition), published by 11\. P. Hurron, of 7 Post-office place. This little work will bo found very handy to all those connected with racing, containing, as it does, the latest information that it is pussiblo to get in reference to tho country events of tlio V.R.C. and Adelaide Autumn Meetings. Sermons on passing events usually come to us from over the sea; but Australian preachers can also find subjects of that kind. Recently, in Adelaide, tho Rev. Osrio Copland tool: "cricket" for a text. He said : — "Of late years we have heard a great deal about cricket, and quite recently the game has excited an unusual nmount of interest tlirougiio.it England and her colonies. I make no effort whatever to conceal the satisfaction I feel at this, for I liolcl the game to be healthy, noble, and beautiful. It is healthy becauso it is played in the open air, and brings into active exercise all tho organs nnd. limbs cf the body ; it is noble, because it develops some of the best characteristics of the English race, such as pluck, onorgy, patience, and perseverance ; and it is beautiful, because its movements are full of grace. Now, although tliere is a certain nmount of betting connected with the game, it is certainly something in its favour that one meets with far less of it hero than at other popular national amuse ments ; and I appeal to the young men of this city to do all in tnoir power to discountenance anything like betting nt the Oval. . Have none of it; but rather kcOp tho game pure nnd genuine lest it fall into disrepute and be come obnoxious to those who have a righteous contompt for the habit of gambling. Having witnessed of late some vory splendid play, both on the part of our own men and the two teams that have visited our colony, I am tempted to find in the matches that havo taken place a few illustrations of some very im portant lessons. Tlio poet speaks of 'sermons in stones.' Very welL Why not sermons in bats, balls, and bails ? Paul did not licsitato to draw lessrins from tiie racecourse ; why should we hesitato to draw lessons from the cricket field?" The Melbourne correspondent of the Oam- perdown Chronicle writes : — Now, as touching a Conservative party. You have noticed scores of leaders and letters 111 the town and country journals lately, importuning tlio op ponents of tlio present Ministry to be up and doing. Now I have iton tlio vory beet authority tiiat a most zealous cPjort to convene a preli minary mooting of persons favorable to tho formation of a CoiiBorvntivo (or moderate) party, although backed up by direct personal solicitation, failed to secure an attendance of half-a-dozen persons. The attempt was aban doned in disgust. Tlio Geelong Advertiser stntes tliat about noon yesterday two men arrived in Geelong and reported to tlio police tliat they had been employed as seamen 011 board tlio cutter Eagle, and tliat tiiat vessel had gono ashore oif I'oint Wilson 011 Thursday night during a thick haze caused by smoke from bush iires. The cutter was bound from Mel bourne, which port wns left on Tuesday, for St. Leonards, to get a cargo of firewood. When the Eagle wont aground tlio captain, whoso name is Thompson, and tlio two sailors got into tho dingy and rowed ashore. The captain was afterwards lost, and his men walked along the bay coast to Geelong to get assistance ; tlio carpenter of tlio vessel brought a< few carpenter's tools with him," nnd lus mate carried the cutter '11 compass. Being hard up they wanted to raise somo money on tlio property in thoir possession, and with that object they wont to Mr Crawcour's pawn- broking establishment, nnd were sent on to tho police station. The Geelong police telegra)iliGd to tlio forco in Melbourne to ascertain if the owner of the vessel, Mr Harris, would provido tho men with means to reach the metropolis. Wo understand that tlio Eagle is insured, and tliat tlio cnuso of her crew deserting lior wns tlio rougii sea which prevailed 011 Thurs day night. The Wnrnambool Guardian writes The general topic for tlio past few days lias boon tlio state of tlio weather, and various havo been the prognostications as to tho probublo dato when a change might be looked for. At present there aro 110 indications barometrical or otherwise of any departure from the unpleasant nnd imwholcsomo stnto of affairs just now existing, and both in town nnd country householders are beginning to feel uneasy about tlio water Rupply of tlio future. In Warrnambool itself, tanks are beginning to give out, und people regard with dismay a probabl? recourse to tlio water of tho Mcrn River. I11 tho country, inattora »r« I quite so bad, 'as there tlioBanis are not vett, I dried up, whilst creeks and rivers ara"Xl running. For all that, tlio droucht , , I scnrcity of feed has beon very severelv f.1!?1 all directions, though it will do # I if only it assists in imprcssim. 1 our fanners nnd graziers the nccessitv "! H so regulating their crops as always to for a rotation of growing, On Wediiesrinv. 5 H Thursday the heat was very oppressive l,"' I yesterday a steady breezo from seaward sum up during the day, and rendered the afterim H more pleasant than might have been nm- ? H pated. Tho periodical recurrence of n,.-1?' H sively hot weather, and tlio scarcity of witT' I loads to tiie liopo tliat tlio question of w,i' I supply to tho borough will nut bo lost sffi H of by thoso who havo Municipal matter?? H charge. "1 H Richard Banks, aged 1!) years, and iivinr. H Duke street, Collingwooil, wns admitted to 11, H Melbourne Hospital to-day, suffering from I compound fracture of tho leg. Ho w.-w a H ployed by Messrs Boyd and Head, breivr?" I Simpsons road, nnd was riding a horse wS the animal fell with him. whei1 Detective Mnhonoy arrived in Mclbnnm,. H frdin the Tnrwin River district last nieh I Ho will attend a mooting of the board H which will be held on Monday next, to civ H bis version of Wiberg's escape. H A writer in Mnyfair says in regard t- B fnsluou : — "I have always thought tliat if a fl few 'consul' dressers' were established in B town, it woliAbo an excellent tiring. Thev B should be capable of giving advice on the m0J B becoming stylo of dressmaking, colors aiffi B above nil, the suitable shape for the bonnet B Tlio Inst is a very important considen B tion, as nothing is more trying than nium B becoming bonnet. A vory well-known Iadv B of rank— tiie bearer of a ducal title, and » B uiarkable for hor beauty and taste in dresi— B has never to my knowledge changed the sliano B of her bonnet for tlio last eight or nine veara B Having found tiie high or coronet front the B most suitable frame for her fnce, she adootcd B it, and has since retained it, allowing of cimrso B for certain modifications in the shape of Hj crown or trimming. I should advise my B readers, especially thoso of an uncertain age B to follow her example, as nothing is niiire B detrimental to good looks, than an > ungraceful B head-dress. It should nlwuys be borne in B mind tiiat, after tlio first youth is over the B turn-down front should he abandoned' as B nothing liable to enst a shadow 011 the face u fl becoming after 80." H A telegram from Glen Innes to tlio Sydney B Evening News is as follows : — A blnckfellow B named Tommy Macpherson was sliot last ni-dit fl by tlio po'ice. Ho was outlawed some time B back for having shot another aboriginal named B Billy. TI10 police yesterday received infer- B mation of iris whereabouts, and last night nt B five o'clock, tliey Went to a place called 'the fl '"Nob." Tho police found a blacks' camu fl thevo, but the mnn they wero after was "one. B They followed him . to another camp fl where they saw him lying upon B the ground. When tlio police came up fl to hiin, Tommy jumped up and shouted | ofit, "You are policemen; are you fl take that," and he threw a tomahawk at tlicm' | and tflicn picking up a gun off the ground, lie | put it to liis shoulder, and was about to fire fl when Constable Waiinvriglit fired iris revolver fl and shot the black in the chest. The blaek- | fellow again attempted to fire at the policeman fl kneeling, and another shot from the revolver | was fired at him, and four shots ill all catered fl hisbody. 'Die black fought like a tiger to tho 8 last, and eventually died from the wound in liis chest. . An inquiry is to be held by the B Police Magistrate. B A writer in the Sydney Eclio says A B member of Parliament whose coarse volubility B of abuse and savage method of attack liave 8 gained him tiie sobriquet of " Jack of Clubs," 8 wns yesterday, and for tho fii'3t time ill his 8 life, literally silenced by a repartee in a style 8 that lie can best appreciate. "I've a good 8 mind," said he, during a conversation, "togo 8 to this fancy dress ball. It will be fun to see fl what asses many of them will look, and I think I I know a tiring or two tliat I could astonish I somo by telling them. I'd go in a minute if I I aould iiit upon some drcBS in which I should I not bo recognised." "What do you think," timidly suggested a quiet-looking alderman, I "of assuming evening dress and going as a I gentleman !" The Royal pantomime has bocome almost an I institution, and will achieve tho longest run I ever known for a production of tho class in I Melbourne. By tho way,, looking up the old I archives of the lioyal, it is found that thero liRB been a pantomime every Oil istmas, oxcept I one, since 1855, tlio first year the old Royal opened. This giveB a line of twenty-tivo I pantomimes. Jack and tho Beanstalk has I drawn about as much money as any ou the I list. I Diplomacy has much improved in its pre- I Bentation at the Opera House during the week. I Tills very intricate play requires great ex- I pcrience in the actors. Miss Jessie Grey lias I certainly made a bold advance in her pro- I fessiou when she gnacts so trying a character I as Dora, which Mrs Kendal played for twolva I months at _ the _ Prince of Wales, London. I Miss Beatrice gives appropriate malice to tho I Countess Zicka, Mrs Bancroft's part. Our I new arrivals, who have seen the piece in I London, will find Mr Kendal fairly replaced I by Mr Ireland, Mr Clayton by Mr Reeve, I and Mr Bancroft by Mr Boothman. I J ohn L. Hall's Byronic Comedy Company I ojiens at the Academy to-night witli Our I Girls, which it is superflous to recommend. I This piece, originally brought out at the I Strand, London, under tho title of Weak I Woman, has already enjoyed its Melbourne I run. Mr Hall lias a really good company, and I the repertoire will include Our Dad, in which I his Tottle treads close 011 the heels of Toole, I witli two other comedies by Byron never acted I in Melbourne — Old Soldiers and Old Sailors. I The Princess Theatre announces <1 double I bill for to-night, Rose Michel and Foiled. I Armadale is in rehearsal, and the company I have tendered a complimentary benefit to ftlr I Bnylcss, in recognition of the ability with I which he haa once more stepped into the I breach, _ nnd caused salaries to flow with I regularity. Mr Bayless is apparently tho I only mail possessed of tlio secret, How to I manage the Princess's, a problem which has I ' not been solved for many years. I IVo havo received from Mr Hurmun, pilot graphcr, I an Interesting rolio of ancient Mulbourno. in tbo I sliapo of a photograph of Ifourko.street to 1sg2. i Ono of those events which toad to pronioto good I fellowship and hind ni"ra cinsoly together 1I10S0 om I ployed by large fli ms, tonic place on 'I'hureday evening I last, when tho employees of tho printing Arm of I Messrs Mssnn, Flrtli, and M'Cutehoon met for tho purpose of presenting Mr it. U. Hartwoll, ono of thoir number, with a ltandsomo eight-day marble timo I piece, suitably engraved, asa momonto of thoir good I will, on tho occasion ot his marriage, on tho 23nl January Inst, Tho pr.sontation was modo in a not speech, ond feelingly acknowledged by tlio roolpi- 