THE FATAL FIRES AT IRRE- WILLIPE. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) COLAC, Thursday. Mr. T. D. S. Heron, P.M., opened a coronial inquiry to day at the Court- house, Colac, into the cause and origin of the fatal bush fires under a commission issued by the Minister of Justice on March 1. Mr. Burton conducted the case for the police. The evidence of the first and principal witness, William Billings, bush carpenter, residing at Colac, was as follows:— On Feb- ruary 6, between 12 and 1 o'clock, I was in the company of George Woods, a bullock driver named Issac Duck, and my two sons, Alexander and William. We were in Mr. Andrew Murray's paddock, which adjoins Mr. Whitchell Stand- ley's paddock to the west. At this time no fire was visible whatever. I could see all Mr. Whitchell Standley's paddock from where I stood. On our return home about a quarter of an hour after, I passed the corner of Mr. Whitchall Standley's paddock. I left Mr. Wood with Mr. Andrew Murray, junior, in Mr. Murray's paddock, and returned to Mr. Woods house. My two sons were with me then. The corner of Mr. Standley's paddock we passed was the north corner over against Mr. Crough's. Before I left Mr. Woods, he instructed me and my sons not to take the saddles off our horses. We knew this was in order to be ready to hunt bush fires. We went to his house to get dinner, and arrived at half- past 1. At this time there was no sign of fire in Mr. Standley's paddock or anywhere else. The day was very hot and the wind was blowing middling strong a little north of west. That wind would blow a fire from Mr. Murray's paddock to Standley's. After dinner I went to a stockyard on high ground in a paddock of Mr. Murray's, where Mr. Woods lives. It is about a hundred yards from Mr. Woods house. I had a good view from there. After looking round I saw a column of smoke arising in Mr. Standley's paddock. That would be nearly a mile from where I stood. The smoke came nearly from the middle of the paddock. This must have been about 2 o'clock. I ran to my house, and called my sons. We all three started to the fire at once. On arriving at Standley's paddock we found the fire in the centre of the paddock. My son jumped off his horse, and cut down the top rail of the fence, that he might get through. The fire was about 300 yards west of Standley's, and about 100 yards south west of the dam. When we got to the fire it could not have been long started. There were only about three acres burnt. To get to the fire we had to pass within 30 or 40 yards of Standley's house. We saw no signs of any living being about the house. They might have been inside, but we must have seen them had they been outside. I called out to my sons to follow me, as I feared they would go to the south of the dam, where the thick scrub was, near the fire. There were tent poles standing. There was no back fire at the time. The first I saw was the only fire in the paddock. I rode nearly round the fire, and saw no one but my sons. Mr. Murray owns the land on two sides of Mr. Standley's paddock. I came in on the east side. I started to go to Mr. King's, but found I should get jammed between the fire and the scrub. I had to go back into Mr Murray's paddock to get to King's house. That took me three- fourths of the time. I wanted to warn Mrs. King. Her house is about 600 yards from the fire. Mr. King's paddock adjoins Stand- ley's on the south. I returned to my sons, and we attempted to put the fire in Standley's pad- dock out. We found it too strong for us, and went to Croagh's corner. That corner is the corner of Croagh's, Standley's, and Murray's paddocks. We saw no one there. About 3 o'clock, we met Mr. Harlock and Mr. Croagh. In a few minutes after Mr. Hickford came up. He sent me to turn some horses out of a paddock of Mr. Murray's, a mile off. After this I returned to Croagh's corner, and went with the rest to try and beat out the fire. The fire was too strong for us, and we had to go back to a road, on which we started the back fires to prevent the large fire from crossing the road. At this time the smoke was too dense for us to tell whether Standley's house was then burnt or not. The wind had then changed to a little south of west. There was a very great body of fire. I am quite positive from what I saw that the fire originated in Mr. Standley's paddock. This is the same fire which I at first saw in riding through the bush in Mr. Standley's paddock. From the house down to the dam I passed over several heaps of saplings and scrub which had been recently burned. They were not then burning. To the Foreman of the Jury. —When we entered Standley's paddock on the east side only my two sons were with me. To Mr. Burton. —I gave information to Sergeant Swale last week. I have not been examined previously. The only evidence of importance after this was that of Alexander Billings, eldest son of the last witness, who stated that after their first attempt to put out the fire, he and his father and brother went into Mr. Andrew Murray's paddock, and lighted a back fire to meet that in Standley's paddock. The wind was blowing across Murray's paddock to Standley's at the time, and the back fire witness and his friends lighted met the other, and caused a great body of flame. The evidence of George Woods, Frederick Harlock, John King and Mr. Andrew Mur- ray, jun., was taken, but it contained nothing of importance. The inquiry was adjourned until Thursday, April 17th, when Mr. Whitchell Standley and little Ellen Miller will be able to give evi- dence. 