Late|fe:,fei|graS PBOU jbifek ooMiisspoitflEN'r. s '«Sn>NET, TnW4daj_ In the Assembly, Sir Henry Parkes informed tlie House respecting the eourqe, pjf;, pubie .buBiness ( |;Jiat rtue ! GbWrnmentproposed, if possible,' to close;- the- session - on1 M.ay 10th"f "to' call Parliament together. again by, tbo. second wtok in August, td deal wilh; ® Tariff, Water and Sewerage,- and El ectoral BbforuL"" P4r 'the te'Bf of this session thoy;;pfqposed to-go on with tho Land Bill,. Metropolitan Railway Bil|, leaTingftha!fii)ai ae/terminji-Tidn of ioute 'till next Session: lb dealing witji.a mesBago from thet Council re specting Additional Judges'; ;Bill, a 'motion' was1 : earned insisting' upon the; -Assembly's disagrkenieiit( with amondments of thd Cqiinqil, anil 1 ale- ing'-exceptioh to terms of message sent down to that Chamber. < > 5! ( , 1 ' " ' " ' t ;' CBqsBDios—Yosterda.v,) 3000-:fat 'sheep, froiii the Mcrramhidgee, ;Oroed, at, Wall-' gunvr 'iiyforMelbdarno/ ' ' ' ; , , W£si.srAN„Theiiesrly-»ppoindp;istor ot .tho Wqsloyan Clntvoh '!i this dist.-ict, the Bqv.'j: Leslie, will pre.'oh on Si'nday next as per no< "co in unotlier ooluinn. ! Thb iuuitr I1',. Wu were misin formed adopt the rceont Are in Albin-y.i ft w.ns , not Bay.'iagton's . HoteL that was deBtioycd,1 hiik'1 'a (ebnvco.ilsifs 'ohop' ini- uicdi.iioly .ndjpip.ng,, pncujiird by a' Mr. D'Alpu/jet. 'nrt?c'/-;u djVpear elsewhere.' Wi-aoPNTA-i Podiob. Copn'rVesler- dav, before Mr. Browhd; J;P.ra man haitidd John OffoL-d,- who got 'dyuhk'ahd ctmldu't behavo htmeelf iii'pnbrd, iviVa flih' inT Ho .wnB-det' go with/a caiitioh'.' The' Chimiso oases, wore agaiq adjpn..ard,tilt Wednesday, when tae Police Magistrdie will nit. . " ! AwoTiONEEa'a! Hhpobt. Mr; M'Cleecy repoi'ta the; enle of -lOo-ihsres' e'- i.i.id :l\ Indigo, onioeeoantvof ;Mr. Pater Iieyle, at i!3 per noSe/'cashd' Mr.- Hngh 'Pr' ier, Brown's PJainsj Wsa the' pnrohp. rr.' " 'rite/ dairy, .01 tie, i&up; i bropght en'. ,u'nt uidvlrtl;- prioea.r' ni-.-.-r.r-i / lit EKSEBVxaAbout'SOiaof.s in the parish -of. Gordon, .Village oFiCorcer.hre been re-' served- -from; Salt :for. eampiej pnrpo;ci The following Jinaheen.rpverved /ro In lease for pnblio purponos : County Hnm'e,"pdriih Gordon, about, fit lucres. , . Prtk. BaiQAbk's'©BMoksTniT;o.v.— This, grand gathering,, whioh is to ( ' o plaoo n6 Beeohworth oil the Queen's Bir 'iday,ipro- mfces to . ee'ipip anything pf ,tiiit:"r<.r,d'cv,.r attempted ont of Melbourne. For ; ' e b ; i tworot-tthriee ihbhths/'committoes of gon- tloipen-havo been hard at work arr-inging the preliminaries, and everything is going ahead, satisfactorily. Firq Brige/lcS, from aas%&n;«as»asHs' Corowa Brigade, Avhiofr nds twenty men/ who will, wo'noo/givo a 'good acconnfc thomsolvea. _A jiromioont feature »f tbo demonstration will bo tho electric light, ..which' .wllL»ba undCT( ttie 'ifaSbCSd'meixt of Mr. S. E. DoveroU, of tbo Telegraph De partment. i ' ' .. , CniqKET.-rT-The' last match of tho ,easqp .jvill, be ..played, pn,, the .Corowa cricket ground . to-morrow, when the Squaljtprs of Riverina-Avilluogain /try conclusionB with the local club. Wov Sre "requosfed to utate t/hqt members tp..niqste| at twelve. SlS#, as tba.lMfeSitte'-.'Bfai' tie'' pidkcQ on thoygrouud. On this oc-, casion the local players will be the guestB of the visitors, who will enter tain them at 'diriiioY- 1 ifa-'tho paviliom Mr. Oeding, as usual, will cater, i ! PooTBALr,. — The socretary of the. Border., United Club basBreceived a' challenge froml1jhe» Albiiry ClubTand' theAindtch wilJ-pdine'Sofi-'iaV'Cbrowa Bhortly. The local club are making' arrangements to play Wangaratta /on to-morrow week ; Beeohworth will most likely bo the next to tackle, pro vided definite .and, proper, arrango- mon'ts; cnh lie inafie with' that clnb. The season promises to be full jofi football, and we expect shortly ifo' witness some fier'ce struggles on the Corowa ground. The Border, prien n,r&/remaided thatfAtotlve dndlre|(nlar practice is indispensable, and, they are to musterjfqq a aqpptqt' match at- 4 p.m. "t'o-mofrow afternoon, on the ground adjoining Martin'B Hotel. / Tiohbobne;— The Tiohborne clai mant was visited at the convict . prison,' Portsmouth, on the' 2nd ''March,1 by Mr. Onslow, ..accompanied by thi-ee- other gentlemen' aiid 'thb eldest sba! of the .claimant, the son waiting out side. '/'On' learning that he, was present, the. iplqimant expressed ; a aeBire to mo him, but as the time for the .visit had expired his wish was not gr, mted. The claimant — told bis visitors that he felt hotter in health and weighed "IBat " 81b. He had ho complaint to make, hut urged the >Tiahjorjje Release Association thTco/n- /tiiipe their hffort's foV his relckse!' j , AcarDENTS. — We, Federal Standard, have, to record, a couplo .of accepts. 'On' 'Sattt?4ky'''m8rnihg 'an' accident happened!; to ,iHerman.'i'Baumgorte/ni( through tie bursting of his gun ,y)hi6h he had' charged "more" heavily than usual. Two fingers of hit deft baiid'1 were so severely injured that Dir. Hfljeyrfouitcl itFheAesjiaryltifVemove a portion of them. Baumgarten also received injuries tq iis . head, but not of a serious nature." H!e is progres- sing .(fayora/bly,., fho injuqieq not heinglikely to interfere" permanently ffijth tho pan of his hand.r--. On Monday Mr. Hancock's little hoy; whilsi/ run ning witli.asticlc.ih his.imoutli; -fell, the Bharp end of the stick inflicting a' nasty wp.und .in , thp, palate/ of his moiith. He hbtl to ho put under the influence of chloroform to .hav.e.tke wound town up. ' ' -- 'J C. 5 A ; Bush Inconveniences. — Dwellers in the cities by the peaceful waters of the Murray have no idea of the trials and vicissitudes which are visited upon the unfortunate denizens of the Aus tralian bush. A Correspondent fur nishes us with particulars of an inci dent recently brought under his notice which will convey a slight idea of the state of terrorism under which the country groans through the continued evasion of justice by the Kelly gang. The story comes from "Wangaratta — - via Howlong. A lady from the latter township lately visited her brother at his farm near the Warby ranges and on one Sunday during her stay there the religious ceremonies took the form of pig-killing! This statement has no direct bearing on our narrative and we cannot divine the motive our correspondent (who is a "Rev.") may have had in malting it. Several youths assisted at the process, but the youthful mind is not to be held in bondage always. It will, sometimes, wander fancy free, even during the elequont delivery of a carefully-pre pared sermon. We have known in stances of it. That the youths' at tention should have been diverted on this particular occasion is just a little inexplicable. But it was. One of them espied a huge smoke on the ranges, and all came to the conclusion that it was a bush-fire; so, leaving the scene of blood and squeals, they set out in the direction of the supposed conflagration. " Bail up !" greeted their ears upon their arrival, and each wished in his heart that his dear parents could only see their poor boy's latter end. Instant destruction seemed to threaten them, as the fierce bearded men, into whose very-much- secluded camp they had fallen, glared savagely down upon them. Captive and trembling, they were conducted back to the farm, and as the group approached the scene of bloodshed the terrified menials fled into the pre sence of their master with the as tounding intelligence that the home stead was encompassed by the dreaded Kelly gang. Frightened out of propriety, the peaceful tiller of the soil hesitatingly advanced and falteringly queried, " Is that you, Hart ?" "Oh, it's Hart you expect, is it!" was the rejoinder, and from that moment for the succeeding twenty hours----until the following morning, that farmer, his man servants, his maid servants, his household and all that dwelt therein kept solemnly the sabbath-day \-----doig no manner of work, while the new-comers, who proved to be a party of police, awaited the advent of the outlaw, Hart. Exhausted with uneventful suspense, next morning they departed. Our informant does not further enlighten us upon the porcine puzzle. 