NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—The Ghost Pantomime, at the Academy of Music; special meeting of Ballarat Fire Brigade; meeting of City Fire Brigade; meeting of Bungareeshire Council; Sir Geo. Bowen visits the Lai Lai Iron, Works;, meeting o£ Regatta Committee, - Lester's' hotel, 8 p.m.;' annual meeting of Ballarat Public Library, .8 p.m. " ■ Owing to pressure on our space with mining and other news, we are compelled to hold over our leading matter and several letters. The business before the General Sessions, County Court, and Court of Mines was'all finished by Monday afternoon, and the several'courts were adjourned tin s die,' James Beswick,,. who pleaded guilty to the larceny of some wool on Saturday, was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. 'His Honor Judge Hackett will take chamber business at 10 o’clock this morning. Cr Lewis is a. most determined opponent to any thing in the'shape of Wendouree improvements. When the lake and - gardens committee's recomenda-. tion to fill-in a portion of View Point esplanade with gravel came before Monday’s meeting of the City Council, the rigid economist fought - strongly against the outlay of another shilling on the works, and bis persuasive powers were used with such effect as to upset the recommendation of the committee, the matter of further works having been postponed after councillors bad been treated to a lecture on mu nicipal economy by the gentleman named; At the meeting of the City Council on Monday, a letter was read from no less an important personage than the Lord Provost of Glasgow, soliciting relief in connection with the failure! of the City of Glasgow Bank.' The council declined to entertain the applies tion. • Some matters of interest respecting that ever recurring grievance the Hospital drain, will be found in our report of the meeting of the local Board of Health. Mr Patrick Davoren, the lata head teacher of the Ross' .Creek State school, was : acquitted by .the Court of General Sessions on Monday of the charge of having indecently assaulted the little girl,' Amelia Ann Ripper) in the mullock heaps off Pleasant street on the 29th of December last, the defence!being that the case was. one of mistaken identity. On his acquittal, MrDavoren handed a document to the judge signed by over 130 mothers of school children, who had been placed under his charge, in which they expressed regret for bis troubles and believed him to be incapable of committing the offence with which he was charged. This statement concluded as follows “ The high moral tone of your school, your attention to business, and your success as a teacher are matters well known and believed in the V. district. Mrs Davoren has our entire confidence and esteem.’! A marriage is announced to take place' this morning between a well-known squatter and a relation of one of the most prominent local doctors. Cr Clazton has tender feet, at least he told the City Council so at its meeting on Monday, when bitterly complaining of the everlasting quartz crush ing imposed' on - those who had - to traverse the gravelled footwalks of the city. “I move,” said the councillor, “ that all the gravel footpaths in the city be blinded with sand.” “Eh! What, what?” inter posed Cr Lewis, catching at one. of the municipal water bottles. “ Good gracious, spread sand over 500 miles of streets. Where's the money to come from ? I must certainly oppose the motion.” Cr Clazton re turned to the charge. “I don't want 500 miles or §0 miles of sand, but I do want people to be able to walk comfortably in the most frequented streets.” Cr Wilson—“ The quartz gravel footpaths are the most wretohed-in the world to walk upon." “ How about vested interests,' the bootmakers ?’’ asked a fourth councillor. Gr Morrison-=-“ You should have to travel up. and down Eyre street, then you might talk ' about gravel.” Cr Clazton—“ Then we’ll put sand:in Byre street.” Or Lewis—“ By George, J have corns, and.l don't like gravel, but we shall ruin the council if we don't mind." And so councillors wept on,.half serious, half in juke, while Cr Clazton pressed his motion, which was.ultimately considerably modified and carried, it being' understood that an experiment should be :made with some of the roughest central Streets for a fortnight, in order to ascertain the ex pepse of the work. - In connection with this matter we may state that the newly-formed path in'Raglan', street south is simply disgraceful, and is more tiring to walk upon than the shingle pp a ' It was stated a little while ago that Mr St. Leon had not paid in the receipts of a - performance of' his circus last Thursday week which were to have 'been ■ given to the charities. . ,We lea!rn ; that the reason' was, that tickets had been' left' at various places for, sale, which had not been sent in when the cirous left, fur Geelong. Mr St. Leon knew'that he - would shortly returhto Ballarat, and, had decided to hand the' money; . to the city clerk when theaecounta ware .made up. We also learn that the'benefit to the-charities was', not, given in (Consideration for the use of the ground, for the circus, as £5 5s Had heed paid fair it before the benefit was mentioned. . i ~ .' .;v ... ■",-iV, , Dense columns j; .of : -smoke .were, seenrising on ‘Monday afternoon from the other side of' the Sove reignhil), which, after enquiry, were found to proceed from (a - -bush-fire ip close progiinity Houae. on ‘ the 1 Bumnyong'.road. The fire retreated .towardi evening in the direction of the. Green Hill." ' :.TiSa'inew billiard-room at - ' the 1 Mechanics' institute ! was opened'drC Monday for.tbe. free use of ;thp-mem bers, many of whom availed themselves of the op wtiinity (o phpw their skill ou the gneq cloth, The i oldg iDusodm has -been fitted' ttyree of pilcock’a tables and aUrroundJha jfroom, whiolT'jhas>f»been tho roughly cleaae3 s aad. hung I round with Ipictures, chairsTSfe placed .bn- a raised I floor., for thelfoonvenience [of;spectators;'’ The room very ixomfortahle appearance, and has been | placed in Walker,-.one!-ofv;tho com i mitttee’s old’” employees. Tteughi'membera, were I charged nothing for their play on the charge henceforth will be sixpence a game. The convenience "ot'tha’inembera ‘in 'every "respect - has -not-been-rlost ssighfof, and-a commodious lavatory forms part of the 'riew arrangemenfs'. --■•'i.ft "The 'nawly-arfahged‘freight rates'forthecamago of grain on the railways camointo force on" Monday, and will be understood frouifclie folldwing circnUir, which has just been issued by the department:—“ Ist Feb ruary, 1879. ! All articles- in the agricultural produce. ■sjlaBBVwill'be!charged i a 8 follo'Ws, siibject to the presents minimums and conditions ;—To and_froja any sta tions between Melbourne, Ballarat, Eiiroa, Colac, Moloort, via Castlemaine and.Traralgon, on.tha.Qipps land line, ijd per ton per mile.'-' Outsideof-the 1 radius bounded by; the stations named, the rate to and from 'any'station will be Id per,ton per mile. Thus the rate from Qoornong to ' Malmsbury- would be eighteen! miles at..ldJ and fifty-five miles at l£d; Moloort to Melbourne, i via Castlemaine, l£d; - Chines ; to Mel bourne, Id;, to Ballarat thence to Melbourne, l)d per . top 1 per mile.-r-'CSißned)) ! J0h»! Anderson,. Acting' . Traffic'Manager." It will thus bo seen that a circle ' with a,radius of 100 miles is described ■ with Mel bourne as a centre, within which, the freightage will, be 'lidptr too per mile, and though the railway time-tables .make.tbe distance between Ballarat and,Geelong only flOJimiles, the fact of the trains running into the Geelong station and out again makes up~the 100 miles within which the higher rate is charged. ■A meeting of the creditors in the jnsplrent estate.of •William Paijquhar,’Ballarat, grocer, was held on Mon day before the chief clerk, Mr J. J. A con siderable time was spent in discussing proofs'.of debt and proxies; the resolution finally arrived.at being in favor *6f a! compromise. . Messrs, P. M. Claxton and Webster (Melbourne) - were-appoihted ; trustees' ‘ at a_ remuneration of 5 per cent., permission .being given to Mr Claxton to sell as auctioneer ’ if necessary. ’ A ‘meeting,was also held in the estate of ■James Jones, ■ Bungaree,. publican, at which thd~ insolvent was exa 'mined as to;some land bought by his wife, without anything of importance being elicited, A very pleasant gathering took-place -at the Town Missiohhall on" Monday Vvenitig,: when about'forty ladies, and gentlemen, .almost all ,'teachers in the, mission Sunday-school, ivere invited'to.partake of tea together by, Mr John Whitehead; a prominent -.worker in connection with the mission', on the occasion of his marriage .with.'Mrs, Dudeney,-which was celebrated during the day'by-'the Key. -J.'Walken Under the direction of Mr M. Hosking, the town missionary, ; and : Mr W.‘ Little,' the - company J spent a : -VeryVenjoyable evening, and good - wisbes'-were expressed.on all sides for Mr and Mrs Whitehead. At the City Court on, Monday, the'old fellow, Don caster, whose arrest ,by .Constable Doyle,i. of Wen-, douree, has ,'been reported,;: was' remanded for a weekbn the charge';of-stealing wearing apparel; for which an owner is required; ' The articles in'question ‘ can be seen at the City police station. .At. the.,same' court the two girls .Jones'and North," 'arreat'ed'ph Sunday on a charge 'of vagrancy, were also remanded for a week, : It seems 'likely that'Nbrth will - have "to answer a graver charge, inasmuch as since her arreat a number of pawn tickets have been found in her possession, and the'result of enquiries made by the police shows that the articles tepresanted-by the.ticketa .have stolen from the landlady of the .British Crown hotel,' Main afreet. .. . .... ;:; T. ■ We regret to announce the death.of Constable, John Cotter,'of the Eastern division of the Ballarat police. For months past Mr Cotter has suffered from' a severe' attack of lung disease, and some time ago his state of health; became'bo serious -as ‘ to ■ necessitate ■ three .months’ leave of absence from duty, .andthis,leave had not expired at the time of his deatn,which took place’ on Monday morning at 9 o’clock. ';Deceased.was:fifty ■five years of nge, and a very old member of the force,: having been in the service here at the time .of the Eureka riots. He was afterwards transferred to Gee long, butaome fifteen years'ago'was ngainbppointed to Ballarat. generally .esteemed both in and out of the force, was a zealous officer, and will be much missed. Mr'Gotter-leaves a!wife, and we learn a rather numerous family. Mr John Drummond, the late rate collector for Bungareeshire, who leaves Ballarat to-day to under take the duties of a truant officer in the Echucadis . trust,' served a notice on the. shire.council on Monday, in which he protests, in his character as against the appropriation of "the hal£-crowu;rata : made on. the 30 th September, 1378, otherwise than in accord ance with the estimate on which the rate was struck; and also against the council receiving-illegal overdrafts from the Union Bank. The notice further charges the council with persistent illegal, acts in the misap propriation of 'the ordinary revenue, and misdirection of the municipal funds, by which the' ratepayers were being deprived of .any, title to a;portion of the Govern ment endowment fur rates, inasmuch' as the rate col lected was illegal, and not sanctioned, by. law to pay.off debts wrongfully incurred. The councillors are charged with havihg'ihade' themselves individually liable to a penalty of: £2OO under the provisions of the’Local' Government/Aot;;and Mr Drummond concludes. by. sayingl, therefore, as an owner.of rateable pro perty and ratepayer, also as a person interested in the legal' appropriation'of the funds of'the munici pality aforesaid, protest against any further misdirec tion of the shire funds,and also the illegal manner in; which certain moneys are banked as a trust-account to the credit of your secretary or . treasurer in the Union Bank of Australia, -Ballarat; and: said moneys drawn out by his own cheque, signed by himself, in violation of the 251st section of the Local Govern ment Act 1874, which provides that all moneys be longing to the council shall be paid in to the credit of the council at the bank, and ! no:such money,shall.be . drawn out of such bank, save by cheque, signed by any three .councillors authorised from time to time by the council in that behalf, ’ and countersigned by the municipal clerk." A meeting of the Bechervaise testimonial committee was held on Monday night at Lester's hotel. Present — Messrs H. Leggo (in the chair), Perry, Cook, Ander- son, Palmer, Sleep, Morey, Downie, and Dr King. The various members of committee reported favorably as to the amount collected, and it was resolved the lists be left open for another week, the sub committee in the meantime to see to the purchase of a suitable presentation. Mr W. J. Gates was appointed to col- lect donations promised, and it was arranged to hold a meeting on Monday evening next, at the same time and place. An inquest was held on Monday, by Mr Thomson, P.M., on the body of Emma Rotbery, aged twenty-two, who died suddenly at her parents’ house, Skipton street, on Saturday.. The mother, of the deceased stated that her daughter, who was a servant at the British Queen hotel, Haddon, came home on Monday, 27th instant, in a very weak condition, and after rallying for a day or two got worse. A Chinese doctor who, witness believed, was from Melbourne, came to see her daughter and ordered her the juice of an orange, besides bringing with bim.some herb, which was boiled down. Witness gave the deceased two tablespoonfuls of the decoction without its producing any effect, and on Saturday Dr Holthouse was sent for. The deceased at this time, felt faint, and. the doctor prescribed a pill, which had a good effect on the ooativeness from which she was suffering. - Dr Holt house recommended her-removal to the Hospital, but before anything could be done she fainted away and died. Dr Bunco, who examined the body of the deceased, said that it was well nourished, but the' qkin was jaundiced all over. There were four bruises on her forehead and three qq her chest, but not of a serious nature. The pupils of the' eyes were some what dilated, the lungs were healthy,- but the heart was fatty and flaccid,-and'the chambers'.were nearly, empty of blood. The-liver was double its normal size and very much diseased. To chronic inflamma tion and enlargement of this organ he attributed the j death of the girl. Dr Holthouse agreed with. Dr Bunce, and said that 'when' called in to'see the de ceased her,.breath' spirit of brandy, which, m , ©r Bunce bad stated, would tend to disease the liver.'. A verdict was'returned'in accordance with the medical testimony. , : , Minnie Baker, whose arrest in Ballarat on a charge of obtaining a sawing machine under false pretences at Sandhurst we have reported, was brought before the Qity Court on Monday,- and’remanded to Sand hurst, ’ . , . , -" “ \ ; v The City Council has granted the St. Patrick's Day Pete. Committee the use : of the Western.Racreation Reserye, qnd hqs. reaolved.to proclaim the fete, day, a public holiday. ■ ; DrWhitcomba on his return from bis visit tp Eng land is to bring withhim'a consignment of trout ovq. The- City Council has been offered .one-half- of the. shipment on payment of: something.like-£iQ, but has .declined the-purchass. il ~ y. ■di.;™: The crops , in .the! Qoulburh district have ,'failed, through the'prevalenoa of .rnst, ■: A -meetingiwas.held.; at Eohuoa bnSaturday, at which it was* agreeddfoask ' the Government to remit one year’s.ren.t, and it was stated that if this concession were. not. made half the farmers would be ruined. Mr-W. S. Qardinef;"agent at Eohuoa for Messrs James Oddie and.Co.,;of Bal larat, opposed:the idea, of an extension .of time .being, .granted to selectors who had borrowed up to 36s"or j •42 per acre. He. might tell them-that as an auc tioneer hVwas rushed-with ■ applications.:to 'sell-land,' - which, if.offered, would pot fotch suffioient to cover the mprtgage, although .euob. land-was frequently.of J the'best' description, well Watered,"grassed;'andiid -1 pmedt Ns Smbane, a nembsr ot (he Bebiwehire Council, spoke in favor of aiSfete Banfc|Ltoaid selec tors. The banka could ruinij the w}iole, colony U they liked, and it . waa-vonlySgue to that it been banksjha&ten; time? greater told ftri tho land thairtlifl bulk o£ ,tao ,9^? reflect oyer. £v;| I A yo'uthinaiied Tifomaa JJannaßury waa/admitted into the Hj&pital; frbimiElaiife' on Mbnday£sselof his great toea having been amaahed by a cart-wheel running over it. _ _ of the'Orphan Asylum to acknowledge witb’^thahka-the following;Mr. A;; Hing, two cases of'pears; Mrs Winter, three - cases 'or pears,' 'per'Mr"M‘L eo3; Mr Chalmers/ Lowther Bazaar, a lot of toys. The meeting ,-whiclv was to have <■ been held at. Haddon on Saturday 1 evening, to select two - candidate^ 4, from' thosej now in the field Mining Division, was postponed until Saturday next,' owing to the death.of the late;Mra : '.Campbell,* of- the. Heather Bell hotel.' '* *' " u- - . f > In the course.'of-the lecture which 1 : Mr T. P. Hijl gave on Monday afternoon at the Central; School, it waa remarked; that ;the .[Celebrated,; actor,, Edmund , Kean, waa once asked by a literary man whether he: could pointhut ;ahy'-.writings; that-'were capable of , being given.as great effect to, speaking from ah ‘elocu tionary point’ of iview,-.as those -of; Shakspeare. -Mr.- . Kean replied that the reading’of the Funeral ; Service ' of the Church, of England .would, demonstrate . the 1 capabilities of ah actor quite as well as selections of "a more dramatic character. He also stated that when a new candidate for-histrionic'-patronage -waited-at' Drury Lane Theatre, he would, perhaps, be requested by tho committee to declaim certain selections from Richard III;, Julius Caesar, &o.;’, or helmight be. asked to read a portion of the Funeral Service of the Church of-England.! The last answered quite'aa well 1 as any thing from Shakspeai;e. y,Thera. was nothing higher or grander in eloquence, nothing more effective, and the qualifications of an elocutionist were often by such a criterion determined uponT ;John Bright, one. of the', greatest orators of the, day, .was constantly. aqknpw-. , lodging the |obligations'he was under’tp the Bible',' of "which no man was"a greater'student. _AU his finest illustrations were gathered ? from ; that source. If teachers desired to understand and appreciate the vigor, power, and ‘ of Anglo-Saxon speech, they must read the Book of Books., Referring to- the books that should be placed in the hands of young children when they werebemgtanght^the'art ofjfead-'. ing aloud, he (Mr Hill) recommended Mrs Qodolphin’s ■edition/of Defoe’s immortal story of Robinson Crusoe, : done into monosyllables.! ,'lt was.'jxir excellence, a; child’s book, and would ever be a never-failing source! of amusement to him; ' In teaching the yoiihg idea, how to' shoot/ amusement should always be the hand- • maidof instruction,! “! > ’•! ■'. • "" -i - ,V / ' / Qebrge'Oaborne is the latest young man about town ■ "who that:some Ballarat' tradespeople are' easily got:at. .:“.Mr Osborne’’ is gentlemanly looking,' the-“son of a captain,” and otherwise generally speakingha nice young man.- He has been spending's few days in Ballarat, and'. has : -patronised hatters, [jewellers, and’chemists, exhibiting-much-' taste in the: . selection of head gear, lockets, - ' rings,'and -jewels, 1 and. in toilet requisites.. Messrs Morris, Towl/and Flegel taub have been:,each'favored patronage/ and. have - discovered that ; Mr ..Osborne’s ■ reputed bankers, do not place that implicit confidence in his cheques as to honor them; and the 'tradesmen, named, in order to ascertain whether. Mr Osborne ,or the bankers are at;fault, have sought|he- aid of the police,-,who ; will,, most, likely ferret,out. the,rays.tery. '; ; ’ Our correspondent writes :—“The'watef question is becoming-one of a serious character.in both; Smythes dale and Scaradale.: Monday was ;another..scorcher, - : fhot a cloud in the skyV and scarcely a ll breath .in the ; air, and a. dull, leaden, hazy atmosphere, premonitory, of more bush fires 'iiP'the ’neighborhood. -Lowing 'cattle in evening’s twilight‘'may' be "seen wend ing- their: way -to...assuage, their thirst., in. the -murky,.sbraokish >waters, y which- have col leotecHn.a few holes, along the muddy bed of what "was bnce'a creek, but,how-useless for'anydomestic or , other human purpose. Itds to- be. hoped, itherefore, that'practical results will,-ensue from the action of both councils/ even :at-the -eleventh- hour,:to secures water-supply for the inhabitants of each borough.” . The general monthly meeting of the Ballarat Fire Brigade was held at the station on Monday evening; Captain Morris in the.chair. The minutes of the pre vious meeting were read and confirmed. The secre tary reported that, three fires'.had taken place during the month; that the joint sports was 1 not a . financial 1 success, v and there had been a 'meeting during the month of-the,ways,and means committee, at which it was resolved to 'canvass for* subscriptions.—Received.. Correspondence.—From Beeohworth V.F.8., request ing a delegate to be sent to Melbourne on. the 19th inst. re the demonstration of-,lB79.—Resolved' that Captain Morris represent- the brigade.-:.','From AT. A. Edwards, in- reference to the- joint sports committee. From Frank Hede, tendering his :fesignation as a member.—Received with regret. From A.T. Thompson, asking'to be exoused-for' hon- attehdance!,—Granted., From AT. Peach, 1 tendering his' resignatioh-as secretary and member.—Received' with regret,-.and l requested, to act;till a secretary is elected. John Beer was homi-.’ mated a hew member, and AT. Peach was nominated, ’as honorary member. The finance committee Vecom mended accounts for payment amounting to £2l 17s 3d.’"Tbe treasurer reported a debit , balance .of £4B ,15s 10d... After the transaction of some general buisi ness-the’meeting adjourned.; !'• ’ The following resolution was passed; at the sitting .of the Wesleyan Conference on Saturday That 1 this conference is deeply impressed with the necessity of securing Bible instruction in our schools, and agrees to unite with other Protestant denominations in framing such a scheme as would hot involve a- re turn to the denominational'system.” ' ■ ■ ■’ - T Thera is a conatitutional orisis in Tasmania. The Council, by eleven to ohe, has refused supplies on re- 1 solution or last year’s ..estimates, but indicates; its readiness to deal favorably with'a-supply bill -on the the current estimates. : Ministers threaten to stand on their'resolution., - The' House's, have .adjourned,-till Wednesday,; Salaries were unpaid on Saturday, ' , • Seventy persons met .at Btawellmn Saturday, and' agreed to present‘ Sir G,‘Bowen with 1 a valedictory -address. .... r .... Pastor Chiniquy, the ex-priest .who oreated'some excitement jn Sydney by.;his lectures, preached for the first time in Melbourne on Sunday afternoon. The meeting was to have taken place l (says the Argus) at the Assembly-hall; ‘ but such a great crowd had collected ia anticipation.of hearing some, startling dis oloaures of Mr Ohiniquy’s alleged ill-treatment at the ■hands of the' Canadian Roman Catholics that the accommodation was 'altogether inadequate. The Rev. Chas., Strong waa therefore appealed to to permit the use of the Scots’ Church for the meeting, and this he agreed, to do_ on condition of it,being promised that the gathering should be ah orderly one. There was a great disappointment in store for those who attended in the expectation of hearing sensational revelations,, as the preacher’s sermon was a purely religious one; and had no, reference to 'sectarianism. Mr Chiniquy is an old, man who speaks' English fluently, But with' a'strohg Dutch accent, and apart from the attacks he makes'on the Roman Catholics, his preaching'would not attract much attention., ' A disastrous fire raged for some hours on Thursday last at Eastern Hill, which npt only destroyed many miles of fencing and hundreds of acres of grass, but' also brought ruin to an industrious household, burning dwelling, furniture, outhouses, stack of hay, &c.; The fire (says the .Oresioick Advertiser) broke out on the farm of Mr P. Ryan, and owing to..the previous exces sively hot days, everything was of such a combustible nature that it spread with lightning rapidity. A great deal of fencing was.burned, a bull was roasted alive in some long grass, ; and a serious accident hap pened to Mr D. Miloney,.who was kicked in the fore .head : '. ... Mr Frank . Allan .(the (Hpjpaland Meraury slates) received a very welcome and most unexpected sur prise on Friday by post from Philadelphia. It will be recoUeoted that during the cricket match in that city last year a number of watches were-stolen from the pavilion occupied by the Australian Eleven, ;and that ■ the property could not be recovered.previqua.to ,their . departure. The police, however, promised to use every exertion to restore the stolen articles, and- they were apparently successful a very short time after the .theft..- The packet which Mr Allan received contained two watches; his own and one. he waa bringing out for his brother, .but not a single scrap of writing to ex plain how, where, or-when the-'watches were-found. The only information,of . the source.:whence the sent was on the address, which intimated •thatit;came from the police at'Philadelphia; t-. The Bacchus Marsh Express, in reference/, to the :W«t Bourke election,-says;—“ h.. man exactly -after our own heart would be Mr James Campbell, of Bal larat, but ;,hajwi|l ; ,probably Wait)his . opportunity , (which;iqust come) at-Ballarat;' 1 .. < ~,-u _ A young man had a narrow ' escape>of-his life at Murtoa on Saturday; - . He was endeavoring: (saysMhe:- Stawcll Chi'omcleJ to jump on a train.of wheat.trucks -in .motion, but alipped aud!,fell, between the rails! f'f ( \^ en .' - ' v iK or ouB.' spring, ..however, he threw himaßlf:out l ot- the 1 way; and 1 to the astonishment-o{- allihe escaped, .unhurt, the wheels of the front truck 1 passing oyef hiS coat - tails; 5 ' uj A case of deliberate,, aelf-3ogtfu'otibn" J (says, the. Argus) ih < Bwjtiy ii Fobtsoray,’ on' - .Sunday afternoon, when a man uatued John Proctor, a laborer, about fifty-six years -of : age,: hung himself with a a ! -desp6n'dihg- ; wjirk“‘/,an'd;"wa3 a !drinking 1 heavily of date. t His daughter, who is engaged as: a: Sunday- sahobl teabb'er, left him hduse ? , ® olook to attend school, and on returning WWW WW Bitting In beg with n Strap roung bis seek 'hpd fastened to the top o£ the bed the •, bpdy being thrown forward so as to effect, ot Jfon. Assistance was called in, but life » , ran B"h. be extinct. Proctor had just returned 4 on Saturday night, where he had left his wife 4,51 Abley completed his journey of 30 m i hours at Southy’a.Asaembly-rooms, Geelong fits day, with twenty-seven minutes to the good onSlt ' lt • A destructive fire broke out at an earl ’ i, Monday morning (says the Geelong Times I h °a a farmer named John Allen, residine off hL* With regard to‘it. gang it appears that thepolice have met'with' Se % disappointment. The party "of - expected to, beat up the quarters of the m j er *' have returned from- the'Buffalo Ranees U ™ er?ri •IF ie’evident that they have been deceived informatioh.” ' / . ’ u “J false -‘ Saturday’s Argils 'Bays:—'“The reports j. the proceedings at Friday’s meeting oftho gSr ® B ! council of the Reform League have ? natnrallvat, Calits • much, attention in political circles, ft g- ■■ at N •there is, dissatisfaction consequent upon the' BM llllt ,1“ 'Which the money advanced by the GovermZ?/' getting up- embassy, meetings has been e *n o j Miiliaters personally advanced a sum to „ E ' . counter-demonatration to the Opposition at thT-r^ 5 , hall, -and Mr_Yeojnans organised ’ for the - , €4O was given on account of the so-called .ing outside the gaol. The money was g“en th, Mr Longmore; who acts as the distributor of a, service fund, and , the complaint is that Mr Yen disbursed,' the sums too much on his own auth % 5 The most serious-’charge - : is, however „ 01 % £lOO was promised, and* was- Wt*y paid“g a T * who is anxious to "obtain the position if the peace, and-who in this way endeavored' to the influence of the league., Exertions were behalf of, this individual; and money did dsm Li him and one of the executive, but it is Xfe the cash payment was by way of loan, and that * two transactions—though simultaneous in time . were independenfbf-each other, ~ Reports as to Office manipulations-and as to bribery in conmwlT with the distribution of the goldfields vote are nT* The public, are "likely to-hear mote of the matter 7 we hear that several members of the league are Hi satisfied with the turns'' affairs have taken and a determined that the investigation shall be continued at open sittings.’’ ea Several most'interesting and very successful tmk \- WP“ a ‘“s invented by Mr C/ Miscamble, of this city (says the Bmdion AdvertvserJ, for tapping water-mains without necesri taring the water being turned off. Three trials wets made’in different parts of.the city, and in each k stance complete and unequivocal success attended the' trial. ' The first trial-was" made upon the main in M’Crae, street, intersecting Bridge street, where a pressure.-jof >75 o lb. was obtained. Mr Miscamble worked.the apparatus, assisted by his son. He took five minutes to fix it upon the main, four minutes to bore a bole, and in six minutes mors the whole trial was completed, the apparatus taken off the main tan ■fixed, and water drawn in fifteen minutes. The second trial-was' made in Violet street, where there was only a pressure of 45 lb. The work was performed in exactly .the same rime, The third test was in Thistle street,-and proved a complete success. The tap was •fixed in 20 minutes, without as much as a pint of .water having escaped from the main. Altogether the -teats‘made must prove. minds that an invaluable*invention has been made by Mr Mis. ‘ oamble.. iu-It is rumored in commercial circles (says the Jdrrr tiser) that a large business house in Geelong is on the eye (J p£ suspending payment,; with liabilities variously .estimated at from £40,000 to £60,000. jt On Friday, evening, a. woman of respectable appear ance‘went into a greengrocer’s shop at Newtown; and after making,purchases, amounting to Is 6d, she gave ■inpayment a-sovereign; ■ receiving 18s fid change, iTbadJftfong Advertiser .says, the coin was afterward! . found to be a spurious one,"and information was given ;to the police. She is described as a woman of abbot thirty-five years old, respectable appearance, medium height, fair complexion, and of slim build. ~"The Argus says;—“A strange occurrence is reported to have taken place in Spring street, about 3 o'clock on Saturday-afternoon... .A ; cab containing three women drove up to the new Treasury hotel. One of the passengers called for.a glass of water for one of the women, who'appeared, to .be very ill, but before the person had time to .bring -the - water the patient is reported to have expired.' The cabman then drove off in the direction of: St. Patrick’s Cathedral; The per son-who is reported to be dead appeared to have been removed-r.ffom a -bed hurriedly, as she wore only her nightdress: and was wrapped in a shawl. It is also reported that the cab contained some luggage.'! The rush of wheat at-the "up-country stations has been something terrible daring the last few days, as may be imagined from - the accounts we have from lime to time published. On Saturday (says Monday’s Stmdl Chronicle) the - total quantity awaiting transport to Stawell was such as to gender the ordinary means of transport altogether unsuitable, and the remonstrances sent to the department-ware not few. From a gentle tnan connected with the purchase of wheat we heard the caustic commentary. - that one grower alone was send ing in more than the trains, as arranged, could take "away.- At the half-fledged station of Green Hills theca -were on Saturday 3000 bags lying on the grass totally unproteotedj-awaiting -trucks.- Yesterday a vigorous effort was made to work off arrears in the matter of transport, and .over 100 trucks were sent north. Trains were arriving at, and departing from, the local station all day; and before! nightfall-80 trucks of wheat, averaging 50 .bags per. truck, reached Stawell from Murtoa, of which 60 trucks, or over 3000 bags, were despatched to' Ararat. Whistles telling of the arrivaljand departure of trains were blowing all day, and it is evident that if the railways are to clear the ■up-country stations this’sort of thing must be con tinued for some time. The real state and productive ness of the Wimmera district has not yet made itself apparent- to "the powers that be, and very vigorous means will.need, to be taken in order to meet it! wants. The j anniversary of the Town Mission Sunday school will be celebrated. next Sunday afternoon, St. Peter's annual Sunday- school excursion will take place at an early date, the particulars of which will shortly-be advertised.. " :".The aboriginal singers, from the Lake Cornish Mission Station will’ , giVß a concert in the Mechanics Institute oii. Thursday, in aid of the mission. W3 learn that these singers keep, excellent rime, and have wonderful memories,' as they sing twenty pieces without books of any-kind, all being correctly docs from memory alone. The funds of the mission are at a very low ebb, and aid is sorely needed for this good work. Lake Condah Mission Station is about thirty miles from • Portland, and there is a church and schools,- the population being about ninety. The aborigines are being trained to lead good, useful lives, and we ; .trust that help will be given in so good a cause, ' The annual meeting of subscribers to the Ballarat East Public Library will be held this evening at the .Library,, There was but a moderate attendance at the Ghost . entertainment! on Monday night, when the F O, grame was changed and a shadow pantomime en ““, e h “ Beauty and . the Beast ” was performed, f“ entertainment "concluded with “The Ghost Revels i the Haunted House,” and will be repeated this even l ing. —, - 