?; THE LATE FIRES IN THSI;HILLS. \- On Monday, February .17,;ihe iJity -Oproner, Mr.T.; Ward, J.P., held an inquest at 'Brewer's wineshop, Balhannah-road, into the . circum- . stances attending thelorigin of a bush fire that commenced on the Beaumont .estate on January, f 28, and continued bujninglor several days., Mr. Peter Cann was chosen Fforeman' br*tne Jury. \- . Walliam Finn, woodcarter, livjng at Burnside, said he was gettinga load of wood on Mr. Daven port's property, opposite to Brewer's, wineshop, on the afternoon of January' 28, when 'the fire , broke but.] o He was not smoking at the time, as no smoMrig was allowed on the ground. He was at work ana gaily about; half a mile from the BaUiannah^rpad, when be first saw the fire at about haff-past 2 ; o'clock in . the af ternooa. .At the time the grass, was burning about a . quarter ui. » jxiiie jxoui wjiere no xiau oseu wots.- , ing. ? He was going for some water when1 he saw j the fire, .Witness was allowed, to take away timber from the ground at the rate^of 2a. 6d. per load. He preferred -to see the timber on the ground to having to cut it down. -He thought bush fires were oi advantage to wood-carters. Considerable . damage was done to Mr. Daven port's property by the fire. He had never heard any one threaten that gentleman or Mr. Cleland, the manager of the property. No one was at work with witness at the time the fire commenced, but- there were several other men some distance off loading their drays. When witness eaw the fire he went reund to Bennett, who was loading up about half a mile away, and told him that un less he made haste he would net be able to pass the fire with his horses' and dray. When wit ness and Bennett came to the fire they found it necessary to , take the horses out of the dray. Jt Was impossible to. get it away from the fire. The dray and wood were subsequently destroyed by the fire. It was not a, quarter of a mile from Kerr's house to the place where the fire commenced. Witness sent Bennett's horses away by a boy when he took them out, and burned a space around the dray, but was unable to save it. The fire con tinued for several days, and spread towards Burasideand Eurelia. 'Witness was iiot nearer than 300 yards from where the fire.startedi He carried matches with him. There were numbers ' of empty bottles lying about, and it t was very hot at the time. the fire started. ;It\ was im possible for drays to get to the spot, as it. was on the . side of; a very steep, hill.- ' By Mr. Cle\an.o)-TBefore I went. in$b the i paddock Kerr '; .^gaye orders that no On© . w«*s to, . sjrriqke in the' paddock, 'even/ i£ they had covers, to their 'pipes. No' one was working at the spot when tjTje fire com menced, although several other? meu w/ere loading up t^eir drays in diffesent pa.rts of the paddock. By Mr. Chosick— I did not say to you . three days after thefire occurred, 'Mr. Chosiek, .1 might $et22 years in the stockade if I told ybuwhatl'Joipwabontthefire.'' I told you I did not know how the fire occurred. Three other men were in the bar of the Bath Hotel, JNorwood, at the time of the conversation. I alsp told you that you w^anjbed to make meswear to what I knew nothing of , You told me to epeak. the truth, and not to care for the . Governor of the colony. I do not ^now Adamson, the watchmaker, X was not : speaking to him in the bar of the Bath Hotel. I will swear that . I . know jiothing about the origin of the /fire. By Mr. yCleiand-rH. Hebberman was working abput \200 yards from the scene of the fire, but went away about two hours before it broke out. When I first saw the fire it had not burned up to where Hebbenhan had been working. Bennett, and I were the two last in. the paddock. . Wlien you niet us we had just, run away from -the fire, Hebberman smoked, but I did not see him doing so in the paddock. The other men who were loading wood could not see the fire when it first commenced George Fullarton Cleland, sheepfarmer, of Beaumont, said he first noticed thefire about half -past 2 o'clock on Tuesdav, January 28. As soon as he saw the smoke he started off for the spot, and on the way met Finn' and Bennett, who were coming down from the fire. Finn in formed him that. Hebberman was working nearest to the fire during the day. KLerr, a man in witness's employ, had the supervision of the paddock in which the fire occurred. He also collected the money, and. made .each one who entered that paddock promise not to smoke while in it. Kerr said to his knowledge no one had been near where the fire broke out for at least an hour and a half previously. Witness had no knowledge of any person having an ill will against Mr. Davenport or himself. Thefire would run quickly through the grass, which was rather long, as soon as started. . Witness esti mttedthe damage done to the grass. at from £400 to £500; the cost, of a mile of fencing destroyed, £60 or £80. In addition the trees of the orchard and the fruit were injured to the extent of £100. Several thousand loads of timber were also consumed. Neither Mr. Davenport nor .witness were in sured. He believed that the fire was caused by dropping Tandstickor matches on the ground. A few days ago witness by way of experiment laid some of these matches on stones, and found that they ignited almost immediately without friction. Bottles were lying about the paddock in different directions. He had every confidence in Kerr, and believed, that he never i smoked without a cover to his pipe. It was intensely r hot when tijie fire broke oat, about 110° in the ' , shade. ;;T-he.;fire'at. one. time surrounded ^90 eheep, but they .were saved by Mr. Chosick. . A fire alf. this time,-of the year would not be an advantage,.... In «onsequenee,of the fire I had to ? #ell;5b0iShieep without profit. To my knowledge^ ' .- |£err never; lighted a; fire except within the time allowed byrfcWjBushfires Act* Some time ago* while ! riding round the Mount ;I saw' a ? small fice about an , acre: in exteiit^ wfclchr Kexr aud; myself put; out. I beiieve it was. started /.by persons at a wood dray. A few weeks iago I and one of .my shepherds ex tinguished a fire near where they load their dray a. It. is usuaLto ring some of the trees: every year, and to burn up the leaves and small branches which hinder the grass from growing in the month of November. Nicholas Chosick, woodearter and gardener, living on the Balhannah-road, deposed that he left home for Kensington about 11 o'clock on Tuesday morning, January 23. There was no fire on the Beaumont ..Estate then. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon his attention was drawn to the fixe: by the landlord of the Bath Hotel. Subsequently he was informed that tb.8 fire-was on Mr. Davenport's property. Witness reached Ms home about 12 o'clock at night, but the fire had been put out near his premises, but was extending .-.towards Burnside. On the following day; about : 11 o'clock in the morning, /the fire, had -come back, and had -surrounded his hpuse;atidgarden. Twenty or thirty persons were . engaged in beating the fire out, and they suc ceeded in . keeping it back from the house aiid garden. Witness had ; lost 1,400 stringy bark postSy which were worth £2 10s; per, hundred ; half .%=;,^anle ©f [ rtwo^rail fencing, 'worjih' £40; and by the destruction of a lot of fire wood his total loss was brought up to £200. He . believed that the fire _was caused deliberately . by some person, because neither Mr. Daveu porfs nor Mr. Cleland's employes tried to put the\fire out.; It was to the interest of Mr. Davenport's man to set the fire going, and he (witness) had frequently seen him burning rub bish about the sections. Three days after the fire commenced he met Finn and Adamson, the watchmaker, at the Bath Hotel. The former said, *'Mr. Chosick, if I were ':to tell what I know about the fixe I might get 22 years in the Stockade.' Witness told him to speak the truth, and^ not to fear the Governor of South Australia. Finn would not carry oa the con versation Any further, but went away in his xlray. Adamsenj'subseqaently remarked,-: 'It seems rather suspicions ; he (Finn) must have done it. himself/' By Mr. Gleland— I never saw'any of Mr. Davenport'^ men helping to pat - the fire out, but I did, and saved some of his sheep. I cut down some trees on the Green hill-r^ad between the Greenhill and Mount Lofty, and ihrew thelarahches against the fence. The fire crossed the road at that spot. I believe that Kefir started the fire, and that Finn knew . something about it, hut. was frightened to tell ' as Mr. Davenport and Mr. Cleland were rich men, and might prosecute him . if he tpld what he knew. .The 'rubbish.and tops Qf trees left by me near .'Stanif brd'jj was burned a long time ago.' By a'Jurbr— I have no ground where tlie_ boughs were lying. I do not know from 'what aide the fire first came en to my premises. x James Bennett, of Kensy^ton, wpodcarfcer, ' , said he came to Mr. Davenport's land for wood : on January 28, and was loading about halfa mile from where the fire commenced. Witness did'sot smoke, but a lad who was with him did *s6 occasionally. About half-past 2 o'clock in the afternoon witness saw smoke arising, add - Finn came subsequently and told him to take the horses and drajiaway. Before they could get away from the fire it came upon them, and they had to take the horses out and leave the dray and load which were burned. On the , previous morning witness passed over the spot where the. fire tiroke outj but there were no signs of iits existence at that time. 'The lad \- who - accompanied witness was riding in the dray. B,y Mr. Cleland — No other dray Was ne^r the spot. I value the dray and wood-whioh Were lost at about £24. Never heard anyone express any ill-feeling against Mr. Davenport or yourself. ^ William Campion, woodcarter, in the service of the previous Witness, corroborated his em ployer's evidence. ? i ? John Kerr, laborer, in the employ of Mr. Cleland, said that when he first saw the fire it was about 400 yards away from the house which he occupied. At that time only the grass was burning. Witness had never seen any broken glass or bottles near where the fire broke out, although he was not in the habit of going there frequently, as the ground was very rbugh. He had a family but did not think that any of his children went so far away from home as the spot where the fire originated. Witness was ' ' authorised to forbid the woodcarters smoking in that paddock, and had never known his instructions to be disobeyed. He had fre quentlyset fire to rubbish on the run, but never within the prohibited months. When he did burn rubbish it was always by Mr. Cleland's in structions, and he had never set fire to the pad docks while so doing. About six weeks ago a fire broke out near fche Mount, but it was put out by Mr. Cleland and witness. He had, no knowledge of how the fire occurred, aud denied the imputations. of Chosick. Witness cleared ' the rubbish away from the fences on the road side, and burned it in September last.1 He be lieved the fire .crossed;- the road at the Little Mount into 'Mr; 'G-bre-'s paddpekj and then ' into Chosick's; It also crossed at the place where -Chosick had leffcthe rubbish, by the roadside. By Mr. Cleland — To my knoWlerdg^ Ciiosick did not burn the boughs and rubbish left by him on the roadside. A large portion of Mr. Davenport's fence was destroyed through the . rubbish he allowed to lie alongside bf it. I have often called your attention to the great danger to the fences caused t-by Chosick allowing the rubbish to remain. The place where the fire ' commenced had ferns five feet high growing on it, and was not such as would be chdsen by a person to burn rubbish on. I saw at least twelve of your men in addition tp Mr. Daven port's tenants working at the fire on the 28th, 29th, and 30th of January. You yourself were there on Tuesday and Tuesday night. I did not see Chosick's assisting to put the fire out on Mr. Davenport's property. .He did not assist me to remove the sheep. . ; Samuel Staniford, laborer, in the employ of Mr. Cleland, corroborated the evidence of the previous witness. ?William Castle, coachman for Mr. Currie, ? Bank Manager, said — The fire which occurred on January 28 at Beaumont destroyed a large amount of = his property, including fencing, pig sties, beehives, and a portion of his garden. If it had jjvot been for the exertions of two maa ramed 'Laurence and Scudd his house would have been burned down j and his wife, who was ill in bed, and children killed. Estimated his damages.at £50. Kicholas Chosick, recalled, said, in answer to John Kerr-^Tsaw you set fire to some rubbish about four or five weeks ago near the Little Mount. I then said to my man, who was with me, 'This is the wrong time to be making fires.' On that occasion I saw you.- take a box of matches out of your pocket and stoop down and set fire to the rub^ bifih. No one was with you. I did not go up and speak to you. I did not lay aa information ag&ihst; you, because the fire did hot injure me. Had, frequently seen you lighting fires to burn rubbish along ;the roadside about Christmas, 1877,1 believe altogether about 40 or 50 times. A man named Randall can prove that you. lit a fire about four or five weeks ago The Coroner, in summing up, referred to the length of ; the enquiry, which he stated was caused by the strong '?_ statements made i by Chosick in his evidence against' several per sons Who were compelled to vindica'te them selves against the.criminal aaperaibns made by him. If the facts were as stated by Chosick it was clearly his duty to have ,laid au infor mation' agiinst Mr. Ciplahd uh^er the .Bjish Fires Act. His excuse for not doing so, viz., that the .fires did not, injure ;his property, was a very lame one. Again, Mr. Chosick's ' version s of \ the interview at the Bath Horfcel was distinctly denied by the witness Finn'., He (the Cb?oner)A believed that Mr. Chosick had' strained jmany points in jhis evidence and ( had made many statements for which there was positively; no fpuhdatibn! in fact. ' He ,was. certainly notJ. justified ', in accu . ffingKerrof Setting fire to the' rut)bis1i in Mr, Davenport's paddock which resuited'^h . such a liu-ge obstruction of property. : : '', ' : The Jury^ after a brief retirement, found th' air' there' was nothing to ^how how the fire prigi nated,but they wteiee'of opinion that Mr: Cho sick was not, justified in making the. assertions that he had in relation to Mrr.Kerr. STiiey : were, however^ convinced that the fire.com mence'd on Mr. Davenport's prpperty andcau^ed tbe destruction of Meesrs. Ciiosick's, Castle's, and other persons' property. i 