WATER COMMISSION. FBIBAT. 20th t OKB. prefenl—The chairman (Or Morriaon). end frs Josephs, Cl.xton, Lesris, KeJ^uson, VhiliipH, i-co;t, Bvbertscu, Dunn, Wilson, WfliianiE, nickmu:, Turpie, Leg go, aud Brophy. Coui«.6roxDB:.-CE.—Trom JulinB Heine, aslnng that SOa ulEgJIc bo puid to liiin Air his services as iusp^clor of watte.—1'r, m A. .'.ngus sad Si. nnnigau, also f.i king for arrears ci p-y. The collector reported-that tlio m-n ail been cicch&rg.d; acc.ir^in^ to the iustructio:.s of the chairman, iioferrod to the cli*irmiB, witli powor.—From Ci,e Cnder TressuMr. asking chat the raym^nt vt arrei,ra cf i::trr'.':t, amounting to £18657 lit lid (aud duo with arreare) ou the 13th and 30-.h inuaist. might be atraaced for. Left in the han-it of ;ho fi:.ac--ecoxmi:lee—f-r. m O. Krough, a>kii;(; ocmi oion£o rent to him a pad£r.cS aiij linicg Lis i,-r.-ucd lor prosing purposes, and eff- t;> pay i 6s ^er ».cre ^icr i-i.il. in for liie Mime. EeKrr, d to the wo '.f> ^ mmilv.v [. rrejjovt —1'rcm .V l..t V>i;.ie, school biiildiagt' iusp.cfor. nskiog, at the instance of the iliniaCer i-t -.jtuc^tion, that 3S0 young p'nrits mi^bt J: lie grdutoi f.-r pl-aui.i; in school reservo^, aud offert-.i u. man to take up such t.-et-s undsr the supcrvisi.'u of the commisrion's i fficer. t'i.NA>CF..— :;i • f Hiding ccconnt? w- o r-d for i.ah.T, £69 i5s; A. H. Finf, XI 3a 3.3 : 1'. u.- 'ry Companv. £7 10s 51; J. Manri, £4 . 1L>S GD; liftrr. £> I2s 6d; cub hire, £4 4s 61 ffle Courier, £1 12s Cd; Argue. £1; Star, £1 8 Evening Post. £1 lis.—2 ' commirtee nlscm^.d.d t^at the sum of £250 be passed for pa) , ment to Uessrs CulUbort aud Wynne.—3. '1 he ques Jon of remission of rates for troughs was postponed. Adopted. WoiiKs CosonTTZE's BEPOST.—1, Mr George Smith's report as to young trees in nurseries on the reserves — Tour committee having considered Mr George Smith's repjrt as to the young trees in the plautalion.-', and tlie dosirabiliiy of planting recommond that Mr Smiili's c.fict to superintend any pluiting th'-t m»j be done, be aooepted with thanks, and that two of the workmen on the re^ervea ba told off wile nconvenient te plant out as recommended. 2. As to csllm^fortenleraforsnppliesfortbeenbningtwelve month J—l'our committes having regard to the small quantities cf materials, &c.;, reqaired, recommenc' liiat i.o lunlcrs be called far at present, but that supfli-s tie obtaiced as needed from the variouE trades, meu in the city .-.' d town. Adopted. £KaiX£EK°s liSiOET— L Dealt with certain works on the reeerves. 2 Gave tlie depths of reaarvoirs as follows:—Beale's, 9 feet 3 inches; l"incot'.'s, 9 ieet 6 inclits; v^r-badn, 3 inches over bywa>h; Kirk's, 20 feet 6 inches; Upper Gong Gong, 82 feet 1 inch. Ths Maunder of the ropert dealt with matters oi a routine oharactec. Cr Turpie desired that a reportmight be brought up on the fences required at the reserves.Ths engineer's reportwas considered with the repert on the lake drainage— The following are-the itera of the special report on the drainage into Lake Wendcuree:—Approximate drainage area of Wendouree, 1930 acres—the natural drainage area being about 10S8 acres; the catchwaier drains are in length about 5 milee 31 chains 16 links. Objectionable drains—A manure depot was an objeotiocable feature in-the drainage area enclosing the little swamp, near the Uityof Ballarat claim. The water from the City ef Ballarat claim was reported to be brackish. Do. 4 drain traversing Alfredton received objectionable domestic drainage. These drains conducted the rainfall frt-m the principal drainage area of 1268 acres into the lake and reoeived the domestio drainage of about eightyseven houses (that from the turnery, the State schoo and the Lunatic Asylum being diverted from the lake) leaving only about 159 acres dipping into the lake along its east, north-east, and south shores clear. The estimated annual rainfallavailable for storage upon the present watershed, at the rate of 8 indies is 349,454,292 gallons; the probable capacity of the ir 876,432,887 gal]Mis. To increase the water of the lake to about high level, by 12 inches, would requir 142,816,618 gallon*. The 9-inch main leading into ths lake was opened on the 22nd of June, 1878, four p m., and discharged at a pressure of 50 lb to the square (nob,2,208000 gallons In twenty-four hou The main remained open for 149 days during which the -by- waahea- were overflowing.. £irk's was kept eeveral ieet below high water level, to prepare for the reception of the usual floodsin October and Novem ber; but as no floodsoccurred,and the discharge ovei the by-wash in . Beale's gradually deoreased,the 9 inch main and its 3-inch branch pipe leading into the lake, were closed as stated at the end of the 149th day on the 18th November, 1878. During tbe period they were running, the 9-inch main dischanred 828.992,000 gallons. The 2-inch pipe running &to; the fish-pondmay have discharged in the Bune period 6,2i6,513 gallons, making a total of 345^38,513 gallons. The fountain, fed by a 3-inch pipe, could have discharged, during the 45 days it was playing, 6,317,299 gallons aoooriing to Hr Wood, or 5,314,8M gallons according to Mr OampbelL Summary—Total quantity discharged into the lake from 22nd June, 1878, to 25th April, 1879,350,553.313 gallons, being 845,258,515 gallons during the time the by-wastu£ were rannfngover,and5,014,800between the time tho 9-inch main was stopped on the 25th of April last Or Bobbrt6ou enquired why thete calculations had been made, and the secretary stated that they were made in order to answer a list of questions he (Or Bobertson) had given notice that he would ask. Or Bobertson then stated that he was thankful and grateful for the satisfactory manner fn which they were answered Or Bobertson said that the figuresproved that what he had said was correct when he firstproposed a motion regulating the discharge of water into the lake. His figuree,however, had been disputed by Cr Wilson, whom he now thought should oertainly apologise te him for having questioned his calculations. Cr Wilson did not think be was called upon to do anything of the sort If any apology should be made, ft was Cr bobertson who ehould make It for having accused the City Council of wasting water. (Cr Bobertson—" I did not accuse the City Council of wasting the water.') Or Bobertson was wrong when he said the water running into the lake was a waste, and instead of expecting an apology, ehould make overstating his case In the manner he did. Or Wilson oonsideied that the report not only proved what he had advanced when oppoJng Cr Bobertson's motion at the last mealing, but that it went further, and showed that he (Cr Wilson) had been quite within the facts of the case in what he ha: eaiiCand he certainly thought Or Bobertson's actions and remarks had been done for the purpose cf insulting the City Council. Or Bobertson disclaimed having had any such intention, and said that he bad made the motion because, after the drought that had been ex perienced,it was necessary to do so to restore public eonfidnace in the oo-nmfnglon, and to assure the ratepayers that such a want of water would not occur again. Or Gray thought an apolagy due from Or Bobertson, for during the time that Cr Bobertson stated that the water was wasted by its being run Into the lake, the reservoirs jvere so full that the water was sent down the by-wash into Lai Lai ereek- Or Bobertson would not- allow any man to browbeat him.. - He was. certain that out of the whole*'time 'the water ran into the toe the by-wash at Kirk's only ran over for two weeks. He was sot talking about the water running over the by-wash at Harry Beale's. Or Gray would point out to Or Bobertson that his arguments were founded on the fact that the by-wash at Kirk's .only ran over for two weeks, as he had stated. Cr Bobertson should remember Oat the water was kept down at Kirk's so as to allow of the reoeption of the usual flood-wate during October and November. The by-wash at Beale's was ranting the whole time the main was Gupplying the lake, and surely it was as well to Bend tte surplus water into ths lake as to run it down ths Lai Lai creek- As soon as the by-wash at Beale's ceased to overflow, the main at the lake was turned cS. All ;the water, thenrnm-intn -the-take up-to the 18th of ^November was water they had no means of storing, and was better run into the lake than wasted altogether. Between the 18th of-.November and the 25th of April only between £,000,0.0-and 6,000,000 gallons had been run into the lake, and not some •hundreds of millions, as Or Bobertson had ctlcukted. •There had been, then, little or no waste, aid he though it was best to let the matte drop/ Cr WUliSns [was glad to see the report, which, he considered, bore put what he h.d advanced re the objwtianablo drainage Into the lake. . fie thought it. would show that the water stored in'Wendouree was useless as far iu domestic purposes were concerned. Or Scott thought It would fieas well-to pulnluuHo the commiasiotlra that if, as was alleged by aotne of them, water had been wasted in the. lake, it was the oommission that was to blame, and not the city councillors. The wrong, if any, lay with the commission; and It must be seen that eueh did not occur attain. The water -had been kept down in Kirk's and the Gosg Gong, so ms to prenare for the flood,which, however, did not \- come; and he thought no one-oould object to the surplus water -going -into the lata.- Concerning the ry, alleged pollution, he wonld remark that the lake was leaded to the City Council on oondition thal it waa *—"we from objectibnaUe drainage, and lftha :tma were not oarried oat by the Ofty Council lie would take steps tohavethe tease cancelled. Or Oiaxtoa did zwl-seehow OrBoott was "going to efiect the cancelling he epoke .of - As long as he (Cr Claxton)' had a seat at the. oommisidon table' be would hare a jvoioe In the matter. The' PftyOouncD spent a.great deal of money eviry yew mthelakvimto*itan ornament and attractionio' the place (ha moreover was Tery careful to do allif sould to keep sp it it in in a proper condition. There — was no irainageofa p fijthyor " ' .objectionable nature fromthe. sigtaljt-anim m faanaeelyinfihniid In the report,only th 1 way Into the lake. Then 1, ms.. the one along Wenmiroe parade and that the oqnncil waa taking steps jhavedlveHea-JiiK) thBGnarr'- Greek." There citainly was a Bpall -ana Mar cBnruhank street, the drainage from which, until water waa make to nm oiU, would findits way to the lake, hot the oons •was dealing with thatas befit it could.. -There waa _ elghtaoil drainage into any. catchwater drain. The awmtiUon had visited tbe place spoken of, end oould und nothing objectionable at Brudenall's manure iepat; bntjrtill, at their jequeet, Mr Brndsnall.had of the dty aha 'town,aaahe^ia not think It likely; -yjagbxthe trouble and expense it had goneto,lt uaeadly allow the laketojaas .out of Ua hands, thoughtItaito thatsonioohliad-beenmadeout the matter, and could assure |b^u that the Olty ^ N l d v a a e W M a u n i f i U Ui ^UctohBanii^aiiajn^va1irendmiree. & WBliama considered thatlhe mahtire.depot.had ko righ ko be whereit waa., -<lrl^yinformfihimthat six of jthe oonnnisiiloniM haj -TinftiJ g.. fl-imt. rM rn ItaninoBiidwnh-n, i.' HmuH^arlS^J~t..jnr bhrARlates Tb^gtaeei'aflipatauidtlie special " • ••• asreaolvedthuthe . 3ET-8tated toe receiptsfmmatifanuters during the last fortnight at £68J SB air (Xtoitttl : BOTttMl^Or y«rgusen, referring-to fcnastiraiske had asked the plu£nan it tbe pteSiu posting «s to "rtstter the contractors ba iSie any overtures for ocmpromiae or not, and the obalrman^s reply In ths negative, stated that a latter in a memta paper from One Who Knows " challenged tbe ohahv man's answer. He would ask the chairman In the interests of the public, had ho ti-ld the truth at the provie-us meeting. The ehaiiman—You heard my answer. Or Ferguson; I can say no more." The chairman tboa pointed ont that it was not advisable for commissioners to take any notice ef anonymous comtuunicati'-ns. Cr Bobertson believed that tie letters were Trriti.eu for the purpose of ca'chiug the conuni.-sioners tripping. He had it ou good authority tbht the commissioners were each and all cf them watcbed, and if they were to say anything committing themselves, it would be tikeu down and used against th6m. Cr licolt was not aware that any overtBres had come from the contractors before ihe writ was served. He thought he knew the correspondence o. r the offico, and he was sure that no overtures li&d; been made. He never saw the items before that night fortnight. If such demands as were mentioned in the letter had been made nnd turf-e£, he would lite to know of it, and wonld move that the secretary turn up the (hites mentioned iu the Iett;r of " One who knows " t if tuch requests as stated, had been mode by tbe tractors Or Robertson referred to the fac: that there was no' evidence of any such offers, and he thought ihese letters were written with a view te strengthen tho plaintiffs' already strong case, which was still before the oourt, and he cbj^o'-ed to any capers being tnrt.ed up. Cr Scott would move as he had said, and s Crs Brophy and Ferguson thought it best that he should do so. Cr 1-hillipa thought the proposal equivalent to doubting the clubman's word. Bobertson would call for notice of Or tScott's mo . as be intended to debate the question. Cr Gray, tboight the letters were issued tvith a view of disuniting the commissioners, acd ho hoped that Or Soott would withdraw his proposal. Or.Scott would press it He was not to be bounced ont of his intentions. Cr Bobertson asked for tbe chairman's ruling. The chairean tried that ' T 6cott's motion was in order, but remarking that his answers to the questions of k.rs Ferguson aud Babert*on bad been garbled iu the leiter of «• One Who Knows." but to be seen correctly reported in the newspaper reports of the last meeting, he reiterated his answers, and suggested that the matter for tbe present might be dripped, .ndit was dropped accoroingly. On tbe motion ef Or Scott, ft was resolvedto instruct the engineei to lLaw up a report of tbe cost of pruning the trees in the reserves to a certain height, and removing ths undergrowth on thB reserves,with a view to preventing a reourretce of the buah-firea of last year. Or Scott thought that the works committee might also report on the advisability of letting portions of the reserves to farmers to cultivate, with a view of further cheeking bush-fires, and the chairman stated that tke muter waa already under the consideration of that oommittee. Morass OK HOTICB —L By Or Brophy—" the engineer bring up a reportas to the cost n saiy to bring*supply id water from the Moorabool into Beale's reservoir." Or Brophy thought the w*ter of the Moorabool migbt easily be diverted into the reservoirsby means cf a raoe from the head cf Devil's Creek, when they would have an nulalling supply of water. The motion wasoarried unanimously. 2\. By Or Wilson—'"That tho foUowfng resolution passed by the commissioners on tbe 27th of September and Uth of October, 1878, respectively,be reednded, Le.:—''That water be supplied for quartz crushing and washing purposes at the rate of jd per 1000 gallons as long as such supply is not required for domestio use, aud providing that those who take advantage of the reduoedrate shall pay not lees l, than OTkod, and in the event i>fin«w erections, the min mum amount to be fixedby a-coromlttee appointed for that purpose; and that the commissionsrs will not be held ree poo eible or liable for any inconvenience orloa e should it be found that the extra supply cannot be given for want ef larger service pipes; to take effect on ths 1st November next; contingent on above being carried that any resolution adverse to the same be rescinded." And, 'That in accordance with the 3rd dense of ths commissioners, the resolution carried on the 27th September, 1878, providing for the reductio of the prioe ot water to miners for crushing and -washing - purposes to one halfpenny per 1000 gallons be earned into effect on aud from the 1st November next subject to the conditions contained in the said resolu tion.' Contingent on the above being cartiel, . that in all cases the charge to miners for water for crushing and washing purposes shall be as heretofore, ie, twopenoe for 1000 gaUons. In moving the above, Or Wilson reminded the commissioners that when the experiment of redndng the prioe of water was proposed he pointed out that it would not act It was not to affect the revenue,and it was to give cheap water to the miners, were the recommendations olaimed for it Be would Bhow, however, that it seriously affeoted the revenueef the commission, and that the working miners were not benefited by itatall. He had had a reportdrawn nn from the reports of the offiaore, which would prove wh headvanoed. Ha stated teat the amountdorived during thefirst sixmonths.nnderthsneWEcaleof chanres was £279 8s 6d for 73,620,000 gallons; and for the corresponding six months of the previous year, under the old charges, £382 6s 2d bad been reoeivedfor 45,877,000 gaUons. This left a deficiency in the revenue of £103 2s 8d, and fn the water supply of 27,748,000 gallons. By that they would eee thSehad been a groat loss to the revenue. That the work ncr micer did not benefit by the reduction,he contended, was ehown by the faot that the scale was very uneven. For instanoe, the Smith's Freehold Company had used 10,033.000 gallons, tor which it paid £88 12s 2d while the Llanberris used 12,708 0U0 gaUons, for which it paid only £26 Se Gd. Again, the Bsndof Hope No 4 tribntors had had to pay £47 15s for 5,731,000 gallons; while Hr Abraham James, for his battery, only paid £12 4s lOd for 5,877,000 gaUons. These, he said, were instances of the unfair manner in which the regulationsaffected the different con- ~ ~ Cr Wilson, moreover, said that thecoi ssion aould not store the water at Id per 1030 gallons i therefore it was absurd to seU It at that pnee. If the water were sold at 2d per 1000 gallons, it would be sold at a cheaper rate than it was supplied in any other part of the colony. Even tbe Government at Sandhurst was unable to mpply water at that price and thwgh the water was there conveyed in open races, it was supplied to the mines at 4d per 1000 gallons. lie therefore recommended thatthe restlution as given above be rescinded. Or Claxton seconded the motion, as the revenuessuffered by th \- operation of the resolution,and the working miners were not benefited by it Cr Williams would vote against the motion, and asked for a division upon it Or Phillips thought it advisable to change just now, andoppewd the motion. Unexpressed surprise at the falltng-off fn 'the revenue. Or Ferguson thought that the water supplisd to the miners, indirectly bene fited ths whole community. The loss of revenu must be owing to some fault of (he offioors. Be was •gainst the motion. Cr Lewis ootuidered that in cheapening the water, the oommiasicn had made a mistake, and that it should go back -to its old rates. Or Scott was greatly—surprised at the new regulations affecting the revenue, and further complained of a difficulty eome ef the commissioners experienced in getting information from the somais- .ion's offioers, while other oomn,igstoners got all they required. -Or Bebertson considered Cr Wilson's motion and figuresvery unfair, and in order that h rs might he prepared to disease the question further moved tbe adjournment of the debate tUl the next meeting. Cr Brophy objected to the uneven manner in which the. ngulattons affected consumers. Or Wilson bad brought his motion forward on public grounds, as hs desired the question to be fully discussed, and understood he was quite Agreeable to the adjournment; Or Olaxton as seconder, also agreeing, as he wanted the matter definitely settled on a sound_basis, consented to the adjournment, which was carried. 3. By Or Bobertson—" That no water, save for fountain purposes,-bo discharged from the mains of the Ballarat and Ballarat TEafi Water Ocmmiflsfoners into Labi -Wendouree, except whan-the Gong Gong and Kirk's dams are at the depth whioh may De-fixed by the oommi.sionei'e/with a view to prevent floods,and when the water is running to t waste from Beale's and Pinoott's reservoirs." Or Bobertson briefly suppoited bis motion, and in doing co stated thafriad - it not' been- f<* the i dirty indnu£ lions an! oSendve langiuge of lonr commissioners who wanted to-Uame^tbs miners tor the want of water, he would .npj.tara.brooght it iorward. An amendment to referthe motion to the works com. mittee, anfl «ie intfflonltsel^alfii.-rfere lost The ocmmimion-thenadjomW. 