COURT OF PETTY SESSIONS. SATUnDAY, JANUARY 18. (Before H. Harrison, Esq., and J. B. Kelly, Esq., Js.P.) The case of the family of the late Rudolph Klemtz, left unprovided for by the death of their parents, was first entered into. It appeared that three of the family have been provided for in other families, and an order was made that Ernest, Rudolph, and Margaret be sent to the Industrial Schools until they reach the age of 15. Police v. C. Smith, and Police v. D. O'Grady.-For committing a breach of the peace in a public place at Dargo. Both defendants pleaded guilty, and were fined 6s each. W. H. Morgan v. E. Poore.-For Is Gd, balance of newspaper account, and 7s costs. James Gladstone v. Wm. Curran, for £5 8s 2d, goods sold and delivered. Order for amount, 2s 6d costs. Execution to be deferred for 10 days. D. Phelan v. J. Jenkins.-For £10 15s; goods sold and delivered. A contra ac count reduced the amount to £5 7o 4d, for which sum an order was made with 5s costs. Slaughtering licenses were granted to H. J. Cross, Grant; A. H. B. Kelly, Dargo; and J. Daniel, Beecher's Hill. Last week this place was completely surrounded by some of the fiercest bush fires ever seen in the locality, and the heat, smoke, and dust, were intolerable. Con siderable damage was done in the direction of the Good Hope and Crooked River, and it was only by constant vigilance and strenuous exertions that the Good Hope Battery and tramway were saved by Mr Wm. Tarn and party. At Summer Hill, Mr C. S. Holmes house, opposite the old hotel, has been levelled to the ground. also all the dwelling places in Summer Vale. On the Crooked River, Mr B. M'Grath has been rendered homeless by the fire, and Mr F. Vivianni lost a new house which he has only lately had erected, together with all his personal effects. I understand that we are likely to hear more about this fire at the next police court, as the origi nator of it is supposed to be known. Happily the long-continued drought ap pears to be broken up, as for the last four hours we have been blest with a steady warm rain, with every appearance of con tinuing, and the fires will soon all be ex tinguished. Our local Board of Advice held their annual meeting on the 18th, on which occasion Mr J. B. Kelly was elected chair man, and Mr W. H. Morgan correspondent for the ensuing twelve months. 