THE TRAMWAY. THEKF can he no doubt as to the gravity of the question which has arisen re the tramway sidings. The opponents of permission being granted are very vehement in their opposition, and there can be no question that much am be advanced to show the inconvenience likely to he occasioned if the loading and unloading of trucks be permitted in Murray-street. What is asked for is that sidings may he constructed, so that trucks can be run alongside the footpaths. Should this be granted it is evident that when the work of loading or unloading is to be done a staging will have to be placed across the footpath to the entrance of the store. We think this is a fair statement of how things will be, and 110 one can deny that inconvenience will be occasioned. Foot passengers will have to go round the truck into the middle of the 1 oad iu order to pass, and considering the slate of the street at present this will be a serious matter, especially to ladies and children, and the probability of accidents occurring must be patent to all. What has been said about the ordinary vehicle traffic being interrupted we do not think need he discussed, as iu our opinion there is 110 fear of any inconvenience arising on that score. On the other side the question is asked what was the tramway made for if it cannot be he utilised in the manner proposed. If the goods are to be carried to the depot at the top of Murray- street, and ihence carted to their various destinations, they might as well be loaded on trollies at the railwaystation at once, and thus save the two handlings. This is very true, and we are quite sure that trade will be benefitted by every facility being given to the working of the tramway. Gawler of late years has not advanced in the manner it should—rather the other way—and to restore its prosperity every nerve must be strained to encourage trade, particularly in the direction of making it a manufacturing town. This can best be done by cheapening carriage as much as possible, and the tramway will be an important factor in any calculation as to this item of cost; but at the same time every precaution must be taken io prevent inconvenience. The Town Councillors have been placed in their present positions to advance and preserve the interests of the ratepayers, and they have to decide the question of sidings. Wc hope there will be 110 further delay, but that a careful consideration will be given to the matter, and the best interests of the the town in general served by their decision. CAUTION".—If the individual who took a thermometer from our door will return it 110 questions will be asked. If not, why Miss Jouxso>\—Mr. L. 8. Burton, the Head Master of the School, has called at our office during the week, complaining of the paragraph which appeared in our last issue relative to Miss Johnson. He states there is no foundation for the rumors to which we referred. The information we then published as news to the public we received upon what appeared to «s trustworthy authority, and we much regret if any remarks of ours should have led to any onjust imputation of any official of the school. Mr. Burton is under a grievous mistake if he imagines we have any desire to disparage him, either a9 regards his private character or public position. Correspondence upon the matter appears in another column. THE WEATHER.—In a changeable climate lide that of South Australia the weather is aii ever-new topic of conversation, ami this week it has caused a large amount of hot discussion. This is not to he wondered at. as on Tuesday the thermometer reached 114' iu the shade, and to be cool in such a temperature was out of the question. But that is nothing, for on Wednesday was registered at about 1*2 o'clock under the Standard verandah. There were a number of bushfires raging around the town, and the atmosphere was more like that of a furnace. The sun seemed to scorch the face as one walked, and we wonder we have not any cases of suusttoke to record. DCST.—We hardly know how to pick our words when we think of what the resideuts of Gawler have to put up with through the gross negligence of the Government. They have spoiled Hurray- street, and left it in such a state that the least traffic causes clouds of dust to arise, filling mouth, uose, and eyes. The Corporation have written to the authorities on the subject, aud the result lias been that an attempt, if such n miserable failure can be called an attempt, was made laet Saturday to water the street; but what was done was not of the slightest use, and things are as bad if not worse than ever. Will not our Council insist on proper means being taken to alter the present most disgraceful state of afiairs. In the matter of the tramway the Government appear to treat the Council with the utmost discourtesy, and have to be written to three or four times before any attention is paid to its requests. This course of action does not raise the dignity of either party, and we can only hope that the Council will no longer allow themselves to he sat upon in the manner they have been lately. THE TKESTEAJI CONCERT.—We would call the attention of our readers to the advertisement respecting the Trestail Belief Fund concert. Is there a single person iu Gawler who, after knowing what the concert will be like aud what the object is. can say they will not either go or buy a ticket. You can do the latter, for, as Artemus Ward says, any one can pay without going in, but can not go in without paying. We sincerely hope there will be a crowded house, and that every one who hopes to have help when they need it will go. Mr. Stewart is here, there, and everywhere trying to make the j concert a success, and who then can have a doubt it. ACCIDENT.—On Tuesday evening last as Mr. Lange. schoolmaster, of Concordia, was proceeding home, and had reached about SO yards beyond the culvert, where a fatal accident occurred some time ago, the box of one of the near wheels came clean out, and he was thrown from the vehicle. He managed to keep hold of the reigns, and pulled the horse up after it had gone about 59 yards. Fortunately Mr. Lange was not injured much, the only damage done being that the step was broken. COLLISION.—On Friday evening, January 24, as Mrs. Harris was driving her waggonette round the corner of Lyndoeh-road she was met by Mortimer's bus, which was turning the corner rather sharply. The result was that the vehicles collided, and Mrs. Harris's horse jumped on one side, breaking the shafts and getting quite clear •of the vehicles. The reins were dragged out of Mrs. Harris's hands, and she was left sitting in the trap quite unhurt. The horse was captured on . Lyudoeh-road, uea"r Mr. Charleswortli's. THE INSPECTOR.—We are sorry to learn that Mr. E. Neville has been unable to attend to his duties this week. He has been sufferingfrom a severe attack of neuralgi a, but under Dr. Popbam's care is progressing favorably, and we hope to see him about the town as usual in a few days. THE TJRAMWAT.—A start has been made with the goods traffic, but it has not been a success so far. The rails are choked up with dust, making the work for the horses almost as bad as an ordinary road. There have been several episodes through the horses being unable to pull up the inclines. But what Las been done up to the present is not a fair criterion what the tramway can do and when the roadway is properly made, and the horses get used to tbe work better results will be obtained. There has been no passenger traffic yet. SMABT WORK.—On Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Milne discovered that her till had been robbed, and gave information to the police. Two boys had been the ouly customers during the afternoon, and these Mrs. Milne could only describe by the hats they wore. Police-constable Daly was sent to search for the offenders, and in less than lialf-an-hour brought the bojs to Mis. Milne, who at once identified them as the culprits. Tbe intelligence and promptitude shown by Daly is worthy of great praise, as the information he had to go upon was very meagre. How NOT TO J)O IT.—The Corporation laborers have been repairing some of the footpaths in Cowan-street, if indeed the word repairing is not out of place, considering what has been done. A few spadesful 1 of lime screenings have been thrown on the places needing repair, and instead of being watered and rolled, tbey hare been left in that altogether unfinished state. NEW BO AD.—The road between the north end of Murray-street and the Willaston Bridge is now being made. This when ready for use will be of great convenience, as it will relieve the traffic in King-street^ and thus prevent the crowding in that street which is so common, especially on Saturdays. THTHI) PnrzE.—Ata wheat-stripping match on Friday, the 24th ult., Avon Plains, Vic- toria, Messrs. J. Martin & Co. took the third prize. Radford Brothers, of Adelaide, took the first. GOAL POST.—We notice that one of the foothall goal posts has come to grief. It had been up about four years, and was tarred and bedded in concrete ; but notwithstanding these precautions it had been so eaten away by dry rot that it has fallen over. ASHTOK'S CIKCCS.—"There was a sound of revelry by night" near the Old Bushman on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings. The old spot was chosen as the camping place for the Circus, and a large crowd assembled to welcome Mr. Ashton and his troupe. We do not intend to go into details, but some parts of the performance were so good that ihey deserve particular mention. The somersault-throwing over six horses was "first-class, and the tumbling equally good ; while on the first night Miss Annie Ashton in her tightrope dancing and her riding received great applause. The riding of Mr. James Ashton and Antoni was first-rate, and the latter's feats with the boys while the horse was going at full speed round tbe ring elicited acclamation. Mr, Ashton made an offer to give an evening performance in Gawler for any charitable object, but this was not taken up. We congratulate the proprietor on the success which still attends bim, and hope that he may have a most profitable season in Adelaide, where we believe he intends going shortly. NEW FLOUR MIU..—We are pleased to hear that Mr. John Younge, of Blyth, has ordered complete machinery for a flour mill from Messrs. J. Mav:in & Co., of Gawler, who also have the contract fur the building. It is to be erected at Snowtown, and every effort is to be made so as to have it ready for a part of this season's crop. This firm has also received a letter from Captain Sanders | (late of the Burra Mine, but now of the WalhallaCopper Mine, Gippsland, Victoria), in which the writer refers to an ore-crusher, stone-cracker, and rolls which were made by Messrs. Martin & Co. for that mine. He says that the castings have been severely scrutiuised by experts, who have pronounced them superior to those manufactured in Melbourne, and have spoken very highly of general excellence of the machinery. This speaks well for the firm mentioned, aud after them for the town we live iu. THE UNION BMDCE. —Workmen have been employed all this week in lixiii-c additional supports under this bridge, aud otherwise strengthening it for the tramway traffic. ACRRCULTNITAI. STATISTICS. — Mr. W. McTntyre and Mr. W. H. Russell have been appointed to be collectors of agricultural ! and live stock statistics for tin? districts of , Barossa Hast and Baiossa West respectively: Messrs. James Murphy and Edward Lane ; have been appointed for Mudla Wirra North J and Mudla Wirra South respectively: and j Messrs. S. Small and John Nash for Munno Para East and West. They will commence ! their duties on Monday next. j MAOISTRATE RESIGNEP.—The Governor has received and accepted the resignation of G. F. Dash wood, Esq., as a Stipendiary Magistrate. PAI;»ONI:I> ConnrrNisrrs. —Three transport ships are to be dispatched from France during this month to New Caledonia to take back the pardoned Communists. SUDDEN DEATH.—Mr. George Park or, commercial traveller, died very su-MenJv last week in Adelaide. He was only 30 years of age. and up to the time of his death had enjoyed excellent health. Ke leaves a widow and four young children. THE ENGLISH MAIL.—The R.M.S. Statu, with English and European mails, arrived at GJeuelg on Monday evening. The Gawler correspondence was delivered on Tuesday morning. Most of the news has been, as usual, anticipated by telegraph ; but details are to baud of the circumstances attendant upou the death of the late lamented Princess Alice, and also further voluminous correspondence bearing on the Afghan War. FATAL ACCIDENT.—A little boy, five years of age, named James Fulljames, jumped off the step of an ouinihus on Monday evening iu Adelaide, aud was knocked dowii by one of Bickford's vans, receiving- such injuries that he shortly afterwards died. THE "REV. THOMAS JAMES.—It is reported that this able aud popular minister, who left the Wesleyan body in Victoria about 1.5 mouths ago and joined the Congregational denomination, has sought for readmission into the Wesleyan Church. THE DA>~AE. — This warship has been visited by a large number of people. Ou Sunday the steaming Yatala was crowded with visitors anxious to have a look at her. CLFCRCH or ENGLAND.—A new building for the members of tbe Church of England is to be erected at Kooringa. It is to seat 500 persons, and to cost about £'2,500. ACCIDENT.—A lad named Michael Kil3- martiu was killed near the Burra last Saturday by the upsetting of the cart lie was driving. When found he was quite dead, aud the cart over his body. THE PLAGUE.—A dreadful plague has broken out in Russia, and iu order to prevent its exteusion Germany is prepared to locate SO,000 men to form a sanitary cordon to watch the Russian frontier. THE LATE BISHOP OF MELBOHHXE.—The European Mail states that " the Ilight Rev. Charles Perry, D.D., for many years Bishop of Melbourne, has accepted the en,nonry -an Llandaff Cathedral, vacated by the Dean of Peterborough." BURNT.—A man named Thomas McGearty died at the Kapunda Hospital on Tuesday from injuries received by being burnt in his tent at Morgan. He had been drinking heavilj'. POLITICS IN VICTORIA.—In consequence of the unsettled condition of politics in Victoria, Bank shares are said to have depreciated not less than 25 per cent, in that colony. JACOB AGAIN.—An English correspondent in the Kapunda Herald says :—" I can now understand why an Arab thinks more of his horse than of his wife, for the horse is both handsome and fast, but the wife is neither one thing nor the other. If Rachel looked thus Jacob paid a fearful price for her, even with a herd of goats thrown into the bargain : aud if Leah was not as good looking as her sister, I should record it as one of the greatest swindles ever recorded iu history." A MISUXDEUSTAXDING.—A very peculiar hitch occurred at St. Paul's Church on Sunday evening, January 26. The Very Rev. the Dean is at Moonta, and had made arrangements, we understand, for the conduct of the evening service. This arrangement, it is believed, was afterwards changed. The congregation assembled as usual at o'clock, and sat waiting for about a quarter of an hour without any appearance of the service beginning. The verger then entered and communicated with some of the office bearers of the church, whose departure to the vestry one by one produced the impression that something very serious had hap- pened. Ten minutes more elapsed, and still neither choir nor clergyman appeared, and a signal having been given by one family leaving the church most of the other persons iu attendance followed their example. It is thought that the occurrence resulted from a misunderstanding between the clergymen •who made the arrangement.—jRegister. DEATH or REV. J. AND MRS. EGGLESTON. —The Argus of January 24 writes :—" We regret to announce the death of the Rev. John Eggleston, Wesleyan minister, of Brighton. This event occurred yesterday at 3 p.m. The rev. gentleman was in his usual health until Wednesday inornin^ when about 5 a.m. he was seized with congestion of the brain, which produced unconsciousness, from which he never rallied. Mr. Eggleston was one of the oldest minis ters of the Wesleyan Church in these colonies. His first sphere of labor was Tasmania, in 1839, and from there he proceeded to South Australia, where he remained for about three years. Subsequent!}' lie returned to Tasmania, aud from thence he was removed to New South Wales. For tbe last 15 years he has resided in this colony. Mr. Eggleston was one of the most able and successful ministers of the Wesleyan Church, and few men of any deuomiuation stood higher in the public esteem thau he. His sudden death will be a great shock to his very numerous friends throughout Australia." A telegram in the daily papers announces that Mrs. Eggleston died on Sunday—three davs after the death of her husband. Ti;r. CITY <>K GLASGOW BANK.—The trial of the Director;? of this Bank commenced this week. We observe th it a movement, is being made in this colony to raise subscriptions in aid of the shareholders of the Bank, a great number of whom have been brought into utter ruin. SIIAKSREAIIE's PORTRAIT.—Refcring to the portrait of Shakspeare recently discovered in Sydney, the Ereiiiiig X<•<>•>< of the l< inst. writes :—" A magnificent picture of William Shakspeare has turned up amongst the lumber of a private family resident iu New South Wales and Victoria for years past, and the date, 1011, with the initials JON, or something resembling them, is on the picture, which is apparently the portrait that was so much sought for by the Centenary Festival. It is painted on an old oak panel, and is in a marvellous state of preservation—the only detriment to ihe picture being a slit down the side of the panel, whic'i happily does not touch th-; face. The owner sent a photograph of the picture home for an opinion, and Mr. Hume, of the National Gallery, expressed his belief that it was the missing picture, desiring the present owner to send it home and insure it for 5,000 guineas. IMPRESSION: or ADELAIDE.—Somebody from Victoria with his eye,s open has been visiting Adelaide, and among other things this is what he says :—" The fences round the squares are particularly bushlike and out of place for a city. The state of the gutters, and the way in which they are kept, are a disgrace to any civilised people. There are pools of stagnant water, and the deadly effluvium arising therefrom is sickening. It is not from the good management of the Council that you have to thank yourselves you have escaped an epidemic, but the fine open suburbs, the Park Lands, aud proximity to the sea side, which tend to keep the air pure. A one-horse town in the bad country of Victoria is a paragon in comparison with Adelaide in the observance of the common laws of cleanliness and health." THE LARGEST PLANT IN THE WOKU>.—We are accustomed to regard the great trees of California as the most gigantic specimens of vegetable growths known to man, but such is not the case. There is a submarine plant growing in the North Pacific Ocean which, according to Professor Reiusch, dwarfs all others in its vast proportions. The Macrocystic pyrifera, one of the Melansoprnue, has been known to grow to such an extent as to cover vast areas of the ocean bed. One specimen, by measurment, was found to cover three square miles, and the stein from which the growth proceeded was eight feet iu diameter. It. is almost impossible to conceive of such a plant, or lnw a system of nourishment can be maintained through such extended channels in the hvingorganisni. Nature performs strange freaks, and certainly none can be stranger than the fact that of this gigantic species there are some specimens so small as to be microscopic, or only to be seen by the aid of powerful objectives. — Journal of Chemistry. 