The contract for the main bnilding of the forthcoming International Exhibition at Melbourne has ' been let, and the works are about to be commenced with vigor. We may therefore look opon this grand tindertaking as already a fact in the history of the colony. Its completion is looked forward to with a very real interest by a large number of the trading manufacturers in Great Britain, continental Europe, and America. It is, indeed, one of those projects for which success can be confidently predicted before they have been realised. In this case there is no each word as fail. Even if snccess entirely depended on ourselves, there would be little risk of failure. Bnt it does not. £y far the larger portion of those elements that go to make op success in ench an enterprise are in the power of foreigners, who wield them for their own interests* It is not the show of Victorian products and manufactures that will balk most largely in the vast building to be erected in the Carlton Gardens, bnt the contributions of almost all the civilised nations on the face of the globe. From London and Manchester, Sheffield and Birmingham; from Paris and "Lyons; from Berlin and Vienna; from a score of busy marts of indue try on the broad continent of America; from China and Japan, will ponr in specimens of all that is. osefol and all that is ornamental in the works that man's skilful hands can execute. We have had some very excellent' Exhibitions in Victoria ere now, bnt they' all sink into significance when settoside this one that is to come. It will, in fact, be the Paris International Exhibition on a smaller Bcale; and only on a; smaller scale because the geographical position of this colony renders an equal scheme simply impossible. Still, in priopor- •tion to its advantages of place and circumstance, Melbourne will become, for the time, the Paris of the South. There will certainly be' an - enormous influx of visitors from many parts. The mere crowd of exhibitors and their agents will form a considerable accession to the population. Bnt, in addition to these, there will be a multitude of pleasure-seekers, of invalids in search of health, of sight-seers in search of novelty, who will seize opon the opportunity to judge for themselves what the new British -dominion in the Sonth is like. And this legion of visitors will all be people in comparatively affluent circumstances. They will have money to spend, and they will spend it. We do not suppose that there will come many in the Exhibition year of the -express.: immigrant class, although be some who will be willing to take up their abode amongst ns, if they can see a fair opening. .Business, however, in the ' first degree, and pleasure in the second degree, will be the. motive, forces that will draw hither the thronging legions. For a time Melbourne will be a regular world's fur " the revel of . the earth, the mask of Auatralia. It strikes as that neither the importance, the-magnitude, nor the nearness of the forthcoming- Exhibition has £Ued the mind of this community as yet with Adequate power. ' Hardly a word is said about it by the newspapers. .People do not make it a topic of eager conversation. The public mind, in'fact, is not looking forward to it atali. One would thinks to judge from the silence there ispreservedrespectingit, that the scheme had quite dropped out of mind. Now if this were a country-inhabited by country to the other, woold lie. jubilant over the ooming great ievent; the topic "Would be discusaed in every qiiarter ; all sides .people wotdd Jbe making preparations S for it. AntHrancementa of the -Great'iriternational Exhibition to be held in the capital of Vtctoria woold be almost vociferously "made in -every direction: " We keep it a profound adogt, as If we are all rathor ashamed of it. In this dead season of the political year, the topic comes in most; opportunely to "fill Dp the vacancy in jthe public mini ind conversation. It la a fresh starting point. It is a newthem^" Itis a jiresh appBal to public &eling;^ Merely .lo look forward to it as a ;pleatare in prospect ..is sufficient toexcite agTBBate.jd8asj^idiiB€ifahopes.But, instead of all this, bow stands the case at this moment? . Almost. «verywhere one ineela ,wMi : jromplaint»V of .this 'hard thom,-4be sta^atjoninfeainass.tiieecardty of money. the gloomy prospers before the country. The .Opposition paperalfram day to day, jjresent a_picture of the condition of tlra poonby^hat would nearly suit for a comrntliniy'vbtging on starvation •nd^national banB^j)tcyi ,What, 4i«mal diatribes are' poored fbrth m the leading •rticte! Jfbrt^^Bic^j^oBebodmgs of aence coJnmn»,l -.IWhat-IameptatiQiis are ^ ti^TJ>rostrate7^>t)rition "of; si ,„ ^^overnedlby. a'BERET 5 Minist^ 1 All thfoisss tBprebenaibless dtis ttnjustjfi- Afcfez Jt is -* ^rotesqofirlibelano tbexeal not going to the dogs. The limes are not the' worst this colony has ever known. Theworldi IS .not coming to an end. On the contra^," If people would only view the matter in t£e dear light of reason, they would perceive fiwt thhigs. are, on the vpholej 5 very favorite indeed. There is jbeither plague, pesiilenc«,'iior famine abiipad inthe land. 6eason has not been an nnuBually unpropitions one. The harvest has not been a complete failure. Thinjga^generally are.about whafthey nsualiy'are in the dead'season of the political year. .The quieter ihat politics ness to be... It is joot political agitation that makes trade "brisk and customers plentiful.' Bather, it has the precisely opposite effect.' We cofnmend these considerations to the attention of our contemporaries on the Oppo-. sition side in' polffics.7; Wa would have them ^daal fairly, and in a -more cheerful spirit, with paaeing events. "Above all, we would have themrrecotlect that, even if things loo^ a little dull now,' there is plenty of hope for the future. For in a few months more we' shall be all busily engaged upon the Great International Exhibition of 1B80. These can be bnt one feeling permeating society in this district with respect to the lease of Mr BANNISTER,'which was referred to by the committee of the latu Juvenile Industrial Exhibition at its meeting held IaBt Wednesday evening. That feeling jnnBt be" that "Mr Basnistee has been dealt hardly with; that in short he has not received justice for the splendid design -which he so—laudably - initiated, - and which he so largely helped to carry to , fruition. Mr Bannister deserves the hearty thanks, of every resident of this dis-: trict—aijd not only of this district^ but "also or the fur u>ual lie UIQ IBSt year. He founded the first Juvenile Exhibition ever held. He thus not only gave impulse to an entirely, new:: movement on behalf of the yohng, bnt also afforded a vast amount of instruction and amusement to the .150,000 persons who visited the Alfred Hall to inspect that -splendid collection. Bnt be did something more than this. He largely contributed to the welfare of this town. He was the primary cause of bringing thousands of pounds.into this centre. His fertile brain was the cause of tens of thousands of persons coming here who had never seen Ballarat before, but many of whom have visited it since, to tiie no small profit of every business man resident amongst ns. He has thus proved himself to be a real benefactor, to. this town, as well as a most osefol colonist; and it' is impossible to speak too favorably of such exertions. Yet what is the result of all this to Mr BANNISTER? How has he fared while everybody else has either prospered, or been delighted and instructed? The fact speaks for itself. He is a poorer man by over £200 than he was before the Juvenile Exhibition was started. This is the net result to himself of all he has done for the good of this town, and the welfare of the colony; and such a negative reward shonld cover every one of us with shame and confusion. While everybody was rerelliog in one of the prettiest shows this colony ever witnessed, and'while locally every man was feathering his nest by the vast crowds of visitors that poured into Ballarat, Mr BANNISTER was neglecting his business, travelling about the country getting up excursions at a trivial cost to the committee, and often at an expense to himself; losing his rest at night, and pushing hard by day.; and generally indulging in all sorts of self-aacrifices to benefit this community and the whole Victorian people. Tet Mr BANNISTER is the only person in all Ballaratwho sustained an actual loss of money by the project; thongh no one better deserved than be, to profit pecuniarily and in every Other way by the movement. • Surely this state of things is a reflection, not only upon this town, but also npon the whole colony. Sorely if any man deserved to be rewarded for the pretty and useful show that was held last year in the Alfred Hall, tb&t; man waB Mr Bakwisteb. Yet the fact mnst be stated, however unpalatable it is for ns to say it, that he. is i £200 out of pocket by that exhibition, and that the attempt - hitherto made to get up a public testimonial in his behalf, has proved a marked and miserable failure. Beyond a watch and chain presented. to- him as a souvaur by'-the committee, bis great services remain unacknowledged, even if they are not unappreciated ;. and however much the gold watch and chain may adorn his person, they go for naught in compensating him for the money he is out of pocket, or for the reduced business which has heen the consequence of bis exertions. There is something so cruel in all this that we feel called upon to ask in no hesitating terms that Mr Bannister may receive justice at the hands of this community. His services have been great to Ballarat, and great also to the whole colony. He labored hard for the benefit cf all while the Exhibition continued, and -lost a great deal of hiB business by his frequent absences from Ballarat. In the meantime, the town prospered by hiB effortB; and the whole community of Victoria was edified and delighted by hiB labor. Sorely, then, he ought not to be allowed to be out of pocket £200 by that event. On the contrary, this amount should be speedily made op by the public for him, and a good substantial balance be collected in addition. -The committee have determined to make a renewed effort to secure a testimomd Tor Mr Bahnister, and we hope a splendid reBnlt will be the reward of their exertions. Mr BANNISTER is clearly entitled to this cbnelderation. Indeed, it is no more than an act of justice to a thoroughly deserving -man:. It is no more than can be warrantaUy "enough' asked \- l " "l-i-—*, •Upicimc^ WHOS general public to -make this testimonial a decided snccess, and to give freely from their pocket* for the purpose. An inquest waa hela by Mr ajftmion, pJU yesterday, on the body of the yonng girl Charlotte Ling, aged twdveyeaia, who "expired veir and. denly at the house of Mr Pike, No. S7 Urqnhart atreet, on Wednesday evening. The girl, it an- 4>ean, waa taken -very Ol im.&mday;^lut with vjnlmtjinrgiag end TomitiBg, *ndaon>e medicine was obtained for her IromK"<JiSist..™The'pTiyfic aeemed to do her good, and ehe apparently improved; bnt on "Wednesday~*ba became rapidly wone, aod Dr Holtbouae wmaaent for, bot wfara ie arrived at the home ihesiri was- dead. *"3)r Holthonae made a pott morlon examination of the body, ud he stated that the drild'a death resulted from aighjh cholera. _Tha evidence also atated Jhathad proper medical advice Eeep Obtained jii , * Te rt??- The- verdict m&md; waa in ac? eortance with the «edical«B»tin»ony; i - T -- -»- -^ ; ' •^"^-Hre, *Tbicfa broke out nc«r:-Capct3ear on Thursday. sprad^Bll oyp- the gronnd between tbe township and the. Exchequer shaft The madunoy at the Main,. Lead Consols-shaft, and the dwdlinga of the' fanners -on the roadside; narrowly eacaped betajg&ont; doirnjluia Vere only saved by great eiertiofflnmrtte part of the rest- « i'S.SS n^ghbortiood. On Wednesday a buihflre at Staffordshire Beettarnta large ^oriion of the ieace round the 'aaneteiy, ud -mtoTrf tbe fences round the graves. ' . ' me remaina of tiielafe fr^fWwiiitt i' he funera] procession Waa dmm^of'the rnany dn^ Si 'ffi^eSigS had made' haa been but aghtBen «mi>tfa>":Dr in BUlaiat. and although this ia bat a abort period oT time," many s sympathetic tear was shed as the funeral crooeseion passed through our stroeta. The arnngeinenta of the funeral left by Meatra Scott *nd Glenny, J.P., together vith Mr llugh M'Kmzie, in die bands of Mr C. Morris, and •everything was carried oat satisfactorily. The body vaa en dosed in a very massive coffin, inside of which a leaden one was placed. The service for the-dead waa read iw the Bev. B. Kennedy, Presbyterian Tuiniflter.- *ITie psll.bearers "were Messrs Lester, Madden, Scott, Glenny, Sargent, Mitchell, Freshaw, and M'DowalL Mr-William Scott, J.P., received a telegram yesterday from the rniTDf Mr^Hanrefi. -^rha" resides "in ABettlde, stating that it waa the wUh of the family that their father should be buried in Ballarat, and 3aHarat on Saturday next.. _ A "very beautiful wreath of flowers, -arranged ind made by Miss -Mary Jane Scott, was placed on the coffin-and in-i terred with the deceased. The case brought by Mr J. Drnmmond/late collector of the shire of Bungaree. against Mr Henry Acton, tbe shire secretary, waa dealt with, at the Bungaree Police Court .yesterday. Tbe' case arose out of the refusal of Mr Acbm to iBowl Mr Drnmmond to inspect the 6hire books when he. asked' permission to examine them on the 14th instant, claimins the right to .do so as & ratepayer. After bearing the evidence, a report of whiehftp- -peara-elseK-herertbe4reDch postponed its decision till Thursday next. " Atcicu*/' in the jLeader, need not complain of.- a writer in a Queensland paper plagiarising the " telega£trograph " from the Age newspaper, for the Age newspaper-committed the same aoit'sf plagiarism in the firstinstance from tbe columns of The Courier, asd, although called upon to do so b ns, has not yet made^^ the amexde.hoiwrable for literary larceny of which it was gmlty. Tbe new line of railway from Springs to Wah- £nnyah,-waa opeqsd^for-tTVffic op. Wednesday.' Both" towns' made .high holiday on the occasion. High encomiums were passed by several speakers on the Ministry, for the manner in which they con-- duct the affaire of &e; community. - . ^ '* The annual meeting of the'Geelong Racing Club commenced yesterday, when, notwithstanding tbe extremely hot weather, there-was ao attendance of about 2500 persons. His Excellency Sir George andXatyHowen | were'alao ^resent. -. The racing wa> veneood altogether, although tbe fieldswere somewnairreducea uy wVmtcuu^ii. i tie tiurale Race was won by Abdallab, the Trial Stakes and Grand Stand Stakes-fcy Uonarque, and the Gold Cup was carried off by Mr. H. JjOnghlia, with Lord Harry; Lady Bowen making the presentation to the owner. The-Sirea Produce Stakes fell to flis Giace- andrthe Connewan-e Plate to TocaL A report appears in another column. Conatable Corrigan arrested on warrant yesterday a tailoress named Marian B. Baker, on a charge of having, on the 27th December last, obtained a sewing machine from Mr J. P. Carolin, at Sand hurst, under false pretences. She waa allowed ont on bail, but will appear at the City Police Court this morning, whea she will probably be remanded to Sandhurst. We understand that there is a probability of the old brick building In the Market square, facing 'Doveton atreet, being used aa a'corn exchange, should one be instituted. Sergeant M'Parland, the health inspector for Ballarat East, has requested us to state that if the writer of the letter aigned " Health " in yesterday's issue will communicate with him, he will have his complaint attended to. The St. Patrick's Day Fete committee held its first meeting laat evening at Brophy'a hotel, there being present the Bev. B. J. Clear?, Uessrs W. Kinane (in the chair), D. Brophy, M T. A , M. Byan, T. Keirae, C. Robinson, M. Morrissey, C. Fitzgerald, James Noonan, A. Curtain, E. Daly, J. P. Collins, T. Maher, O'Callaghan, and T. Loneigan. Mr D. Bropby was appointed genera] manager; Mr W. Kinane, chairman of committees; Mr C. Fitzgerald, treasurer; Mr P. J. Corbett, secretary; and Mr M. Byan, vicechairman. Correspondence was read from Messrs H. Davies, secretary of the Orphan Asylum, and from Mr P. .Cazaly, secretary of the Benevolent Aaylntn, applying- for a share of the proceeds from the fete. It was resolved that half . tbe profits arising should he given to the Orphan Asylum j the Bev. B. J. Cleary.in support of the application, stating that that institution-was in lura entitled to the benefit, while it waa well managed, waa doing good, and waa a credit to the district. Letters were also received from Messrs A. T. Morrison and F. C. Baker, each enclosing £1 Is ton-arts the funds, and the secretary was requested to acknowledge the same with thanks. The followingcommittees were then appointed :— Finance and printing—Messrs O'Callagbao, M. Byan, Corbett, J. J. Fitzgerald. Sports committee -Messrs J. P. Collins, T. Maher, M. Morrissey, J. J. Fitzgerald, James Noonin, and the president and -vice-president of the Bungaree branch. Works committee—Messrs T. Keirse, E. Daly. M. Byan, j; Noonan, and C. Robinson. Mr John Noonan >as also added to the general committee- The secretary having been instructed to write to tbe City and Town councils for their patronage, and to request that the 17th March may be proclaimed a holiday; a great deal of tontine busineaa was transacted, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. Mr George Ssaon, of Bunioyonfr, has'suffered to a considerable extent by a bush- fire which is burning in and around bis paddocks. All efforts were made yesterday afternoon to put out the flames, which, lowerer, owin'g to the intense hea •and the dry nature of the combustibles, proved fnutleaa. Indeed, human efforts appear almost futile to stay the ravages of the conflagration. A special meeting of the Balhuat PuhlicXibrary committee was held on Thursday evening. Present—Messrs MoUoy (president), Boff, Boaenblum, Lakeland, Scott, Glenn, Robertson, and Eastwood. Correspondence waa readfrom the Chid Secretary's office, forwarding "Familiar Lectures on Scientific Knowledge," and enclosing forms. From the Mines department, sending at the instance of Mr Brophy, M-P-, " Prodromua of the 'Zoology of Victoria," From Mr James,"M.P.. giving in detail the result of au interview that Mr Brophy and he had with the Government in re grant-in-aid. Ordered to be acknowledged with the beat thanks of the committee. The president reported upon tbe slow progress of the works, and atated the architects- Mr Creber being present — would give any further information required. He also stated that at his instance Mr Brophy proceeded to Melbourne. Mr- Junes being absent, and successfully urged the claims of the library on the Government A vote of thanks waa passed specially to Mr Brophy "for Ms attention in this inatince;,and alao.to Mr James, for the earnest manner "in which both members aided the efforts of the committee, and the president's report was adopted. . Mr Creber reported the steps taken to expedite the completion of the works in program, and laid before the committee drawings for the roof, at the new building. The report waa adopted, and the plana were approved and referred to the bnilding committee, to confer with the architects aa to details. The specification for . these works would be ready in ten days. The St. Patrick's Day Fefe committee has commenced to make arrangements for this popnlar annual gathering on the City Recreation Berne on the 17th March next, and intend to arrange an entirely new programme, with fresh attractions. Half the proceed* will this year be donated to the Orphan Avium, and there b little doubt that the 'Ports will beat succeasful with-the present good management asthey hava been injrerious years. iBuah-fires were very prevalent in the Bullafook Forest during the last two- days, and on Wednes- \- * — Minn iwv. n*irv jxau s aam was burnt out j but this ia tbe only casualty reported as yet in that distrfct, thongh the fires were Tery extensive. . . in another column annohacea p A4eta' to* property of Uewrs SM^\?arker. and Co., win leare ie Geelong R^iVv 0 8 ^T.^th. for ltfewcaaUe, This ia an attempt made.to «rtaWiah direct communication between GeeW, XS^-ifE? and it is to be hoped the cnortwill be aucceaafuL A muting of the ratepayers of Habpy Vallev -m-hdd at the Albion hotel, oTwJdnadS raTu^X-lV nn^nimoa ' 1 y determined tlut ^qepatuian abonld vat cz»on, the *hfm mnn^i requeating "ThaHhe wat^mtteSSS^Sta Jmmght to the road, ana that aTSSJSS^iS '"lly raatltd ta the desired ^ . a f f f l S S S S S meetii®. wfll be JttWteSSjSsi - traeor4nary niTOthly meeting if the committee Agricultural and 1-Mtoral Society, wfflbehda on Saturday next, at Cxalg's hotel, at ™™ a-m. Business—Correspondeace ^nrated wuh vatioiis matters of interest to the tThSplgem ahooangmatehJjetweenF.FoxbfBal- ^j^intmradvertdji 1 -Bma^that heU a candidate for the reprSmUjBoa^ In-flie-BallaritMS^ ^V 3 '? eTCnin e. «o aelect two members to stand for the representation of that division in the Ballarat Mining Boari^.The meeting will take place at eight o'clock. ';_ * Sir George Bowen, family and euite (says the Age) will embark on board the mail steamer on Saturday, the 22nd proximo, *t the Williamatown pier, at two o'clock p.m. On Tuesday. 2«fih, the Acting Chief Secretary, and other mBnbers.of.the MinUtry will proceed to theBeads inthe'VJctona attamBhip to meet the Ringarooma; and welcome the Marquis of Kormanby to Victoria; The Bingarooma will arrive probably early on the morarng of the 20th. The. new Governor, will land at, rSandri'dge aa preceding Govemora have done, and drive to Government House, ttere to be aworn in. The'ceremony will take place F there, now th*l there- is a • Qorenimeot- Goiwuiueut House with a large throne room,capable of holding. 2000 people^ and fitted up with dais and other ar- : rangementa. This is" the practice in other colonies, • and Lord Kormanby will be sworn in at the new ; •GovernmentrHonseln-the presence otthe rpembera •of the -Execndve Coiiiidl and of both Bouses of. Parliament, the judges, the foreign consuls, thei heads of-the various churches, the leading officers: of tbe Cira Service, andadeb"of tbeieneral public; aa choose to attend. The hour cannot now be fixed,! bnGdue notice tein fegiCBn.Bfltasaoon aalatel-, •ligence is received |hat the JBingarooma is off the coast. These arrangements'have been fully approved of by Lord Normanby. 1 • On Tuesday evening (writes the Sandhurst correspondent of the Telegraph) a girl named Angelba Sherman, residing with her parents in - M'Crae atreet;'to expedite the lighting of a fire, poured: some "korosene from a bottle on it. As there waa some flamein the materials on which the kerosene y •was poured," an explosion ensued, setting fire to the tbe girl'ti clothes, and burning her aeverely on the cheat,, arms, face, and legs, and ahe waa conveyed to the Bendigo hospital, but succumbed to the injuries received, and the shock to her system. The' deceased's father, Richard Sherman; did all in his power to extinguish the flames,and got ao severely burnt himself-as to "necessitate tus Tern oval to the hospital also; but he'ia progressing favorably. - At a meeting, of the. Cabinet.held on'Wednea-: day .(says theM.a) the tariff lo be charged, in; future for the carriage of grain and agricultural produce on the Victorian Railways -waa discussed, ! and aacheme submitted by Mr Woods'adopted. It waa dedded that'tfae'ihffBrential-rate tfaathas lAlwi. it ownts be continu^ for this season, -but in favor of the selectors who are living in such outlying, districts as Murtoa, &c.;" In order 'to extend this to aUdescrip-L dona of agricultural produce a schedule of twenty-! one articles baa been prepared, which will be conveyed at a uniform rate of Id per ton per jnile! {from any part of the Western district to Colac, when the railways are extended from here, or from the Northern and Western districts beyond Ballarat to that city. This tariff of -Id per ton per mile will also extend to places beyond Moolcrt. Ci&wick;, Sandhurst, Violet Town, and Traralgon. Between Melbourne and those places a charge'of 1 jd per ton.permile will be made. ' This regulation will affect the carriage of all'products' scheduled, whether they are being conveyed up or down the line. Pedestrians (says the Geelong Advertiser) will be interested in learning that arrangements are nearly completed for a aeries of races between Messrs Frank Hewitt and C. Dean, the latter having recently beaten Alaopp, tbe champion athlete in the Sandhurst , district. Tbe stakes to be run for are £100 aside, and tbe distances aa follow:—80 yards, 100 yards, 120 yards,. ISO yards, and 50 yards, the best three diatanca out of the five to prove the winner. The contest will take place some time in March next in Melbourne. It is pretty certain that Hewitt will have to be in his beat form, as Alaapp, who is recognised aa-a very fleet athlete, was beaten easily by Dean. At tbe pedestrian contest in Sandhurst. Alaopp-waa waa backed for £1000 by Mr Alfred Josephs, tbe well-known bookmaker of that city. The extreme heat of the last two days (says the .Pleasant Creek News) is making itself apparen in the presence of several large buah-fires in the neighborhood of the Grampians. Tbe flames from one, apparently at the eastern end of the tunnel, were plainly visible from the Main street last night, and the long line of thick heavy smoke which skirted tbe horizon told of more than one extenaive conflagration. .. We have been surfeited lately (writes " Attioua " in the Leader) with free-trade Te Deums, in which the apocryphal commercial prosperity in New South Wales is triumphantly contrasted with the protective stagnation existing in this colony. A Melbourne merchant, who has juat'retnrned from a visit to the metropolis of New South Wales, tells me he might have done business to a large extent bad he been inclined to fall in with the credit system prevailing there. Buyers..are -plentiful, but cash ia scarce, for bills at four jinonths were the 'terms of payment offered, even in cases where the price of the goods desired to be purchaaed amounted to .but £30 or £40. I have jet to learn that a chronic " tightness "of money ia one of the signs of commercial prosperity. A case of forgery of a peculiar nature (says the Age) will probably shortly form the subject of enquiry in one of, the Melbourne courts. Tbe several trade societies of Melbourne who periodi. cally make use of the Friendly Secieties' Gardens Tere anxious to improve the condition of . their common recreation grounds, and co-operated at the end of laat year in a scheme to raise the funds —an art-union being the resultof their endeavors. A person who invested Is for a ticket was entitled t to admission into the grounds on New Year's Day and a chance for the prizea which were distributed on that day. The second prize, consisting of a complete suite of furnitnre, waa won by a lady residing in Oldtun, who had not been present at the gift distribution, and-being absent from town for a few days missed seeing her numbs advertised in the papers. On her return ahe found that No. 7, which ahe held, had won the second prize, and went to claim it from the committee, but waa told that another person bad presented a ticket-with theaame number and £oi the prize. Of - course the ticket waa forged, and the affair was. placed in the hands of Mr U-Eean, solicitor. The person who forged tbe ticket is known. A thoroughpaced -Victorian (says " Ogles'* in the Australasia*}, with a large infusion of New South Wales self-complacency, lately visited Sonth Australia. He found fault with everything. Of bis turtle «oapte (aid, "Why, mutton broth in Melbourne is -much better." Of S-&. hockheaaid that Melbourne-brewed ale waa far superior. Hia hotel being full, an excellent couch was prepared for him in a large sitiingroom. "Hnmph," he growled: "why, a back kitchen in Melbourne would be better than this." la the room waa a fish-globe containing aome rare specimens of freshwater crayfish. :One of " these had "by some meana escaped from tbe globe, and found ita way to the floor. As tbe visitor was about stepping into bed his foot waa seized in a powerful daw. Shouting " What's this?" to the waiter who waa passing the door, the latter Said, " Oh, that's an Adelaide flea —I don't think J-ou can beat that in Melbourne 1 The board (aaya the ASe) appointed to investigate the drenmstances attending the escape of the prisoner Weiberg—Memra Richardson, Monro, and Mirama, M-L.A.-will probably comments it, sittings next-week, and it is anticipated that the enquiry will not last more than two or three days. It ia likely that the proceedlngs wiU be conducted publicly. . .. The wonder of St. Leon's circus Hadj Hamo, the Arabian athlete, who perforins some startling aerial movements, waa ths defendant (aays the Geelong Advertiser) in a case heard at ltm police conrt on Wednesday, lie had, according to the opinion of the police magistrate, brutally beaten a heavy exercise on Monday night, could not, ii practice on Tuesday, aatitfaaorily "<io" the "bending back business." It appeared that thd boy failed in practice, and Had) Hamo cut him several times on the dint and lags with avhiiw which caused Uood to £ow freely. Aa Hamo aiS ha pupil did not appear to he on the best of terms it was agreed to poatpone dealing with thecal untfl Friday, aa the Arabian promised to send the hoy home to his parents in Maitland, New South Wales Should Hamo do thfa, the ^enai Send ttncdhng the agreement apprenutW CUrketo the acrobatic busineaa in tbe arena." We mav add lhat the propqetora of jhe circus, to maik their dissatisfaction with Hadj HamiS conduct W given him notice to dispose with his serviir An. accident {aua Ihe Tdegnph) that illustrate! the carelessness of men in dureeof carts. oc-n^S at North Brighton on WedSy a f f i n ^ S by tbe Government telegraph mtC the top of a load of. metal 7ajtf JfeST They, roused Mm, bat shortly after ^ fSrit"- bavingapparently gone toaleep aod tafcn moral to the boipilaL . A most diaaatrana fire («ya an Ao* tdnrnni toteMtttOnwo. on w i n S l ^ . X S S three o'cloct a.ih., nhich at om i m K S IsgBOBialty jhown by railway officials, dealt pamokinfnl after pannitinfal of water to th» thirityo«SBpant« of a aecond daes carriage. ^nS vhen Ihe train was moving off the good Samaritan could te seen running along the platform, panniS! in band, in order that §ome perspiration-stained thirstv ypongster might not lose the refreshment cold water by the way, ^ ^ "Tto'Postmarter- GeDeral (aays the TekgraBh\ has noder consideration a proposal for the w<w tion in the rates at present charged on telegraphs jneasages between .Victoria, JSew South wSla South Australia, aod Tasmania. Mr PattcrS Jjas atrpng-reasons for hdieiing that the nni/oraj -tariff which was adopted hy tho«e colonies at the -^BterciiltfBisi^BfaewB open to co& iiaerable alteration^ - inconsequence of the great increase in.the anioubt drttuioess. He therefore intends, if practicable, to adopt a reduced Bcaie of chafes on telegrams between' Victoria aod the other colonies n&mpd; above, and he will then iBbr^it the revised Uriff to tbe other colooial <3oTernment8 for ^pptoval,' in order' that each of the Australian coloniesrmay have a correspoadiog scale of 