IT is altogether too early for tbe Opposition journals to begin their dismal jeremiads over the deficiency in the re venae for tbe current financial year. The feeling displayed by a political faction on Each a subject was very smartly characterised by the late Sir BOBEBT PEEL as " sangnine despondency." They have a lively hope that the worst may happen, so that their opponents may be pet to confaeioD, even thongh the event may prove as disastrous to themselves as to anybody else. Bnt now, putting aside all reference to the actual state 6f the pnblic finances, we have a right to aek, what parly in thiB conntiy is entitled to emit in the malign expectation of a luge deficiency in the revenue ? Whom will snch a state of things benefit, supposing it to bappen ? What section of the community will gun by it ? The answer to these questions need not be given in express terms. They answer themselves. The truth is, a deficient public income is a calamity to be deplored by all men, and all classes, exactly as a flood, a famine, or a bad harvest ie. It is a calamity common to all sections, and has nothing in the least of a political or a party character about it. Allowing, for the sake of argument, that all that is stated about the state of our revenue at, the present time be quite correct, it I9 simply a confession of his own want of patriotic feeling, bis disregard of the common interests of men aroand him, and of a veiy evil and wicked spirit, for any man to speak in a tone of "•eangnice despondency" of the general misfortune. He that would exhibit each a spirit would be capable of exulting in the intelligence that his next neighbor was rained and bankrupt, or that an epidemic disease bad broken oat in a particular district. For, if the pecuniary resources of a country show a falling-oS at any time, it is a plain proof of hard times, and of prevailing depression in thatcountiy. Whitman worthy of the name would openly express himself as pleased and satisfied at hearing of such a state of things existing ? We should be loth to believe onr worst enemy capable of harboring such an inhuman sentiment. Bnt, in point of fact, there is d o Bnch great evil in store for this conntiy as the figures pnt forth seem to imply. In one quarter, as we pointed oat yesterday, it te confidently announced that no less a sum than £400,000 will be required to be made ap by fresh taxation dnring tbe present financial year. In another quarter an admission is made that there will be a deficit in thB yearly balance-sheet of about one-half that amount. Let os spGt the difference, and take the sum wanted at £800,000. The first qnestion is, how does this deficiency arise ? We glance at a paragraph printed In the very same column that gives as the story of the immense falling-off in the revenue, and we find that the buildings of the Great International Exhibition are estimated to cost £218,735. Why, here ib the total deficit, as one may say, accounted for in an instant. It is that big Exhibition project that is the cause of it all! If the Treasurer had blankly refused at first to spend a penny on any sndi tmdertaking, he wonld not now be pnt to any tronble in devising ways an3 means to make op the sum. Of coarse it is very well understood that the Exhibition will be —at least to a large extent—a reproductive project. A considerable proportion of tbe expenditure incurred upon it will ultimately come back to the Treasury in (he direct shape of admisdon fees, and indirectly in tie shape of increased-costoms duties. Oar poprfatian, daiicg the whole period of its continuance, >nH be increased by many thonsands of ^persons, who will come tor visit us with -their purees well lined, and -Wto will thaslcantribate Iargely to oar revenue. Bat, in the mwntime, the whole cost of the Exhibition stands as a chaige npon the Treasury. The Government cannot take credit for the probable amount it may bring in to repay the outlay. Therefore it is that the Treasurer finds himself some £200,000 or £300,000 ehort just now: A big Exhibition is not built every year, and forms no part of the regnlar public expenditure. Then, again, there are other costly public buildings—such as the Law Courts in Melbourne—going on at the present time; and tfaese »1bo are only incidental causes of large outlay. It is quite open to the Treasurer to stop snch works for a time, supposing it were judicioue to do so; or to spread the completion of thsm over a larger period of time, thereby leseening tbe outlay in any particular year. This is the 6oIe. secret of careful financing. A certain number of public works are required to be executed; the Treasurer earns op the entire cost of them, and he apportions the total snm over several years. The principle is exactly the same as that of a careful land-owner improving bis estate. He sets off a certain amount from his income year by year for the purpose, and thus savda himself from the chance of " outrunning the constable." But, in the case before ns,the Treasurer had every reason to believe and expect that he wonld have ample ways and means to meet the year's expenditure. TTiq calculations have been upset, not so much by reason of a failing revenue, as because the outlay on the great public works just mentioned exceeds the estimate given to him. At the same time it must be granted that the year has not been by any means a prosperous one, either for the public treasury, or for any particular private interest. A farmer who is building his homestead, and who also has had a bad harvest, findshimself of necessity straitened for meanB. This is the position of tbe Treasurer, roughly stated. The -effect of it will be that the hoa. gentleman most just cat down his expenses a little, and he must also, as he has promised, increase the land-tax to the amount originally intended to be raised from it. By saving a couple of hundreds of thousands sterling in one direction, and putting on an additional hundred thooBand in another, he wiU manage to make op a veiy good budget, very fairly balanced, for the twelvemonth ending 30 th June, 1880. The Premier, tbe Treasurer, trad the Undersecretary were engaged yeBterday 'preparing the arnraal financial statement, the delivery of which will, as usual, take place shortly after tbe reassembling of Parliament. Tbe cable is interrupted between Fort Darwin and Banjowangie. ' It would appear that tbe consumption of water is still more than tbe Bnpply, for at the meeting ofthe Water Commission last night it was reported that Kirk's contained 20-6 feet, and the Gong Gong 32-1, or 2 and 3 feet respectively lower than in the previous fortnight. There u etill, however, a good eupply for immediate wants in the reservoirs, and a good stream coming down from Beale'a. A fatal mining accident occurred at the New Band and Albion claim on Thursday night, about twelve o'clock; the unfortunate victim being a miner named John White, about thirty-five years of age. It appeara that the deceased bad contracted to sink the chafe to 200 feet, the hauling gear nsed being an ordinary whip. At about tbe hour in question White, who was going to work on the twelve o'clock shift, got into tbe bucket for the purpose of descending the ehaft, bat did not notice that the horse bad been detached from the whip for tbe purpose of having a drink. The unfortunate man, therefore, had no sooner stepped into tbe backet than it went to the bottom—& distance of 180 feet — with fearful velocity, dragging tbe rope after it One cf White's metes, George Knight, who was engaged on the surface, w&a; only aware of the accident on turning round and seeing tbe rope diiappear, whereupon be went to tbe month of the shaft and called oat. Ia reply White said be was hurt, and they were not to haul up tbe backet, as be was in it, adding sI$o, I think it's all over, George." On assiusnce having been procured Enigbt descended the shaft, and foand his aafortunate mate in a terribly mutilated condition, with one leg and several of his ribs broken, while in the region of the abdomen there were fearful lacerations, caused through violent contact with tie edge of the bucket. White, however, was stSl conscious at ttiia time, and was raised to the surface and conveyed to Cornick's Globe hotel, where he shortly afterwards expired, lie deceased was an old re. sident of Ballarat, and leaves a widow and four children, tbe eldest being about six years of age. At an inquest, held yesterday afternoon, a verdict was returned of accidental death. Tbe engineer, at the meeting of tbe Water Commission last night, reported on the probable cost of connecting the Moorabool with Kirk's dam, and in his report he said that when last the subject was mooted in the commission it was estimated that the Moorabool and Devil's Creek scheme would cost £44,760. The cutting of aa open aqueduct, however, from tbe creek to the reservoir would cost of itself about £5200. The report was made an order o! the day for next meeting. A most unpleasant case came before tbe City Court yesterday, when several residents of Soldiers' Hill held a field-day for the cleansing of dirty linen. The three charges involved in process were indecent language, assault, and damaging property. Mr Mann, who appeared for one of the parties, remarked that these disturbances were the outcome of certain religious lectures delivered lately. A girl (aged about seventeen) and two children -(aged about ten and eleven) were brought by their parents to give evidence, and were all examined on oath, tbe eldest with regard to the indecent language. The evidence adduced seemed to fully bear out Mr Mann's remarks of the quarrel being the result of " religious" antipathies, and tbo out* come of the affair was that the bench told tbe defendant, who was charged with using indecent language, that tbey wondered how he could permit himself to utter snch expressions, and fined him 40a, with 23a Cd costs; while in the assault case, the defendant, wbo threwacauful of boiling water orer ber neighbor's head, was fined 10s and 23s 6d costs. The case for damage of property, which consisted in the alleged destruction of fencing, was dismissed. Yesterday, tbe 4th July, tbe anniversaiy of the American declaration of independence, was not observed in the eligbtest manner in Ballarat, sot even a piece of bunting U&viug; beeu displayed to note a day which was, a quarter of a century since, one of the principal holidays of the year. A poor old man was found on Friday night lying down for shelter from the bitter wind behind a heap of stones - on the Scars dale road, near Smytheadale. He was quite incapable of travelling, and a?good-hearted carter gave him a lift into Smythesdali, where the mayor kindly arranged for his conveyance to Ballarat. The old man stated be was ninety years of age, and qui:e a warworn veteran, having served under three kings aud one queen. He is in receipt of a pension of 2s per day, and has walked thus far on his way from Adelaide to Port Albert. He resolutely refused to accept of any charity, although his appearance reminded one of Burns' old soldier who, " With*hcffiiy locks, must slaud the winter's chock,* And a quiet rest in Chelsea Hospital would have been far more fitting for his aged limbs thaa to be trudging the weary miles of the road from Adelaide to Melbourne. Commissioner Morrison, at tbe meeting last night, suggested that as this was the planting season, and there were large numbers of yoong trees in the reserves not wanted, that tbey should be" offered to the Minister of Education asd the Minister of Railways, for planting in the State school and railway reserves. This, Commissioner Morrison said, would eerve a threefold purpose, viz., the employment of men for the removal and planting of the trees, tbe utilisation of plants at present not wanted, and the beautifyiog of what are at present in many cases unsightly reserves. I The commissioner's suggestion was not at once acoepjed by die commission, one commissioner remarking that he hoped the unemployed of this city would be given any work arising from the removal of the trees, and not workmen from the metropolis. Many old residents will regret to learn that Mr J. W. Emery, at one time proprietor of the Washington hotel, Main road, in the palmy days, is at present quite destitute; aud Messrs W. Irwin and G. Hathome have kindly undertaken to raise sub* scriptions for the purpose of relieving his wants. At a meeting of the executive committee of the Cornish Belief Fund, held last evening, MrCaselli In the chair, in addition to other business, a letter was read from Mr -B. F. Bryant, manager pf the. Black Horse Company, Egerton, atating chat .at the . half-yearly meeting of their accident relief fund, £50 was voted to the Cornish dlstxess fund. A-motion to tbe followiag effect -was then earned' unanimously That the ndfate contribution from *h»pcdaent -ftu>a of the &Iack; Bone Company, Bgmon, is ^deserving of *the "heartiest thanks of this committee, wfcioh are hereby tendered." It was resolved to call a general meeting of the com- mittee, to be held at tbe lecttue-h≪ at tbe Mechanics' Institute, on Friday, the 11th instant, ' when all persons having collecting books be requested to bring them , in, with the amounts collected. An old offender, named David Boss, was charged at tbe City Police Court yesterday with uttering a counterfeit shilling. The police were not ready to go on with the case, and tbe prisoner, who had been arrested by Senior-constable Leverton, Detective Hyland, and Trooper Clark, was remanded for a week. The works committee, at the meeting of the Water Commission last night, reported adversely upon the suggested renting of portions of the edges of the reserves to neighboring farmers for cultivation, with a view to preventing the spread of bushfires. The engineer, in his report, stated that the area retained around the reserves and catch-water drains, for tbe purpose of securing the water from pollution, was none too large, and recommended that none of it should be allowed to be used for agricultural or grazing purposes. He pointed out that the grass-land acted as a natural filter, and that using it for such purposes as proposed would allow the water to be so polluted as to be unfit for domestic consumption unless artificial filters were put in tbe reservoirs. He then said that artificial filters were very expensive, aud their use would reduce the pressure ia the mains eo much as to cause a loss of supply, and consequently of revenue. His report was made an order of tbe day for next meeting, with the report of the works committee. A meeting of ratepayers waa held, according to advertisement, at the South Grenville hotel, on Wednesday last; ex-councillor Thomas in the chair. The chairman, in opening the meeting, remarked that it was the intention of the Elaine side to bring forward a candidate for tbe Buninyongabire south riding, aud it behoved those present to secure tbe return of Mr M'Kay, as be had just served an apprenticeship as a councillor, and knew the requirements of tbe district. Moreover, as the ratepayers of the Elaine side were already represented in the council, it was only fair that their side also should have a representative. Tbe ratepayers present then formed themselves into a committee to aid Mr M'Kay's return. A vote of thanks to the chair brought the meeting to a The question of reverting to the old rates for supplying water for quartz crushing and washiog was continued at tbe meeting of the Water Commission la6t night. Tbe report drawn up by the officers of the commission showed a gain of £64 to the commission since the new rates came into operation; but Commissioner Wilson held that this result was not got by comparing the quantity of water consumed under the old rates with that consumed under the new, but by merely taking tbe total amounts of money received in each case —an tic equal comparison, he considered. A deputation of battery-own era attended, to requ&t; the commission to retain the new rates, and tbey gave in a written protest against Commissioner Wilson's' motion, signed by seventeen miners. The discussion on the question waxed very warm at times, aud the chairmen had no little difficulty in preserving order on several occasions. The question was settled for a time by the loss of tbe motion, only seven voting for, and six against it, while it required to cany it that two-thirds of those present should vote for it. The new regulations are therefore still in force. The following circular has just been issued to the public by the Ballarat branch «f the Australian Natives' Association:—"Australian Natives* -Association, Ballarat Branch, 2J6. 4, June, If 79. 'Sir,—We have the' honor "by direction to invite your attention to the objects of the Australian Natives' Association, and tbe advantages to be derived from membership. The objects are—1st. That Australian natives may be joined in close fellowship. 2ad. To promote the social and intellectual improvement of young Australians, end by means of essays, discussions, &c;_, at meetings, to enable them to practise tbe arts of elocution and debate. All subjects are open for discussion except religion. 3rd. Fer mutual assistance in tbe time of distress. As a benefit association it affords tbe same amount of sick pay and funeral allowance as other friendly societies, the entrance fees being as follow:—From 16 to 25 years of age, 10s; 25 to 30, £1; 30 to 35, £110s; 85 to 40, £2. Many colonists have tbe advantage of belonging to associations representing their nationality, and it is considered very desirable that Australian-born colonists should enjoy similar benefit. The greater the number that can be induced to join, the greater will be tbe national character thus imparted to tbe association. Tbe association bas been formed eight years, and this branch five, and both are in a good financial position. The local committee consists of Messrs Cadden, Axford, M'Kay, Farmer, Catbelis, W. J. Pierce, asd Whitelaw, who will be most happy to supply you with any further information or a copy of the rules.—We are, yours faithfully, Simon Caddek, president; Fred. C. Wahtwszght, secretary.'-' The quarterly meeting in connection with tbe Scarsdaie end Linton circuit was held on Thursday in the Wesleyan Church, Smythesdsle. In tbe evening a public tea meeting took place, which was very well attended. Mesdames Bosley and Goad and Miss Spivey presided at the tables, and satisfied the wants of the guests with the good things provided by the ladies of tbe congregation. After the tea meeting,. M* Win. Carroll, senior circuit steward, took the chair, and Mr James Campbell, of Ballarat, delivered an interesting account of his travels in Syria and Palestine. The church cboir, led by Mr E. Hore, gave some selections of sacred music during the evening, Miss Spivey presiding at the organ. The lecture was on all sides admitted to be a great intellectual treat, and at the conclusion a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer, on the motion of Mr J. Bird, M.L A., seconded by Mr J. Keith, J^P. The lecture hall of the Lydiard street Wesleyan Sunday school was well attended last night on the occasion of a promenade concert in aid of tbe funds of the schooL Musical selections were well rendered by Mrs J. Campbell, Miss Worrel, Miss Wyatt, and MisB Sutton, and Messrs Burton and Armstrong, and tbe performers were very well received. Variety was given to the entertainment by some pianoforte duets by the Misses Hunter, Misses Shewring aud Williams; and readings an& recitations were given by Messrs Hewitson and Phillips. The chair was taken by Mr Buley, the superintendent of the Sunday school. It is anticipated that the entertainment will result in the addition of about £8 to the school funds. Ou Wednesday evening last a very successful tea meeting in honor-of the retiring pastor, tbe Bev. R. T. Walker, was held in Ebenezer Presbyterian Church. About 320 sat down to a good tea, kindly supplied, by the ladies of the congregation. After tea a public meeting was held, when the church was filled. Addresses were given by the Revs. John Thomson (chairman), J. Dick, W. Henderson, H. Bath, J. w. Ioglis» and W. Clark, expressive of their high esteem for the retiring pastor, and of good feeling towards tbe congregation. Hopes were also expressed that their new pastor, the Bev. John Thomson, would be permanently settled among them. The Bev. K. T. Walker replied, thanking the congregation for their kindly sympathy. Votes of thanks to the choir, the ladies, speaker, and chairman, brought an enjoyable meeting to a dose. The Burrumbeet and Windermere annual ploughing match took place yesterday, on the farm of Mr H. Anderson, opposite the old boQing-down establishment, Windermere, and dose to the Witf» dermere railway station. There was a large gathering present, b o fewer than some 400 persons bong on the ground. The champion prize was carried off by Wm. Boss. The Burrumbeet and Windermere cup, value £20, was also in favor of Boss, so that there is now a tie between him and Draffin for the ownership, the latter having won it last year. A report appears elsewhere. A meeting of tbe Bungaree, Warrenbeip, and Dean ploughing match committee was held at 0'Hehir> hotel, Leigh Creek, on Thursday evening. There was a good number of the committee present. Mr D. Burke occupied the chair. ' On the motion of Mr Bentiey, and seconded by Mr John M'Inerney, the following gentlemen's names were added to tbe committee:—Messrs Thomas Walsh, James Frawley, Denis M'lnerney, Michael Kennedy, David Turpie, Andrew Gilllgan, Daniel Darcey, Timothy M'Gratb, John Callinan, James M'Gratb, John Shanahan, John Keating, Patrick Bourke, John M'Dermott, Augustus M'Dermott. A committee was also formed to select a piece of land on which to hold the match, some particulars referring to which will be found in onr advertising columns to- day. Die following gentlemen were chosen:—For Bungaree, Messrs D. Beurke, John Duke, Andrew Wade; for Warrenheip, Messrs Patrick Hogan, John M'lnerney; for Dean, Messrs Page, Osborne, Duncan Mackay. It was resolved that a meeting be held at Maber*s Plough and Harrow hotel, Mair street, on Saturday, 12th instant, at two p.m., to receive the report of the committee appointed to select tbe grounds, and transact other business in connection therewith. ' In connection with tbe medal, to celebrate Separation Day, to which we referred the other day, we have been shown by Mr A. Ronalds traveller for Messrs Lewis and Corbould, tailors, of Ballarat, a card which was printed at the time in Geelong, giving, by Mr Ronalds' father, an explanation of the symbols on the medal. As tbe matter is of historical interest, we give a copy of the card as follows The bird with the crown pendant is symbolical of the mother comby, having dropped the jglorious boono? self- : government into tbe mouth of the colony of Victoria, 2\. The birdhaving essapedfrom the cage, U : expresaiveof this colony having bbjkined exen9tiori.fKnn..tbe..couirbl of' Sydney ;?«oaring Jipon tiie wings of liberty, amidst tbe epan ex* |»Me of nations." ".^. Bia butterfly, 1 recently changed from its chrysalis state, is auppesed to represent the colony of Victoria, leaving its husk f (New South Wales) behind, and joyously wishing £t farewell, having entered upen a new and higher at&^e, with tbe happy prospect of-partaking of the aweb ts of its own flowers. 4. The hands joined ia friendship across the river are Intended to express that tho ugh New South Wales and Victoria are separated, the hearts of tbe people are still united. The sun ia v he centre (which is the Geelong crest) is seen to ebi^e upon maternal affection, liberty, the happy* vicissitudes of this life, and upon the united hearts of -the people.—Ajltred Roxxxds, lithographer and engraver, Newtown, Geelong/' We are requested to state that the Lydiard street frontages will be again offered for sale on Tuesday nest, at the reduced upset price of £10 per foot. The Berald of last night contains a lengthy defence of the Kelly gang (poor lambs); the communication coming from an anonymous correspondent. It is tbe old story over again, about Kelly and bis mates having been badly used by the authorities, the police being described as the cause of all their murderous proceedings. Greater rubbish could bcaredy be put together, as all the facts show. The following circular letter bas been sent to the inspectors of mines throughout the colony by tbe Department of Mines:—" Office of Mines,' 3rd July.—In reference to the recent fatal accident which occurred to William Eustace, in the Victoria Beef Gold Mines claim at Sandhurst, through the explosion of a charge of dynamite and blasting powder, I beg to inform you that Mr Cosmo Newbexy, inspector of - explosives, has reported as follows with reference thereto:— 'In my opinion the danger in using blasting powder with dynamite is that tbe force exerted by tbe powder will not is most cases be sufficient to explode the dynamite. It will set fire to it; bat unless the ground is very strong, it will not explode it. When simply lighted dynamite burns slowly; and if the roclc gives way to tbe explosion of tbe powder, the lighted dynamite may be blown away witbout igniting the whole x»f the charge, in which case it is likely that some wiU remain in the bottom of tba borehole. This is more likely to occur whea the charge of dynamite consists of more than oue cartridge, or, as is often the ease, of broken-up cartridges/ * I don't think that dynamite or litbofracteur 6honld ever be fired without tbe detonator being inserted into tbe cartridge; aud that when a blast leaves a portion of thehole,itisgoed evidence that the dynamite has been burning, not exploded, and that a part of the charge will be found in the hole/ Tou8hould caution the mine-owners In your district of the danger of using dynamite charges, unless they be exploded by means of detonators; and point out to them that should aa accident hereafter occur from any such practice they will be held responsible.—I have, T. Couckmait, chief inspector of mines." The usual monthly entertainment in connection with the Presbyterian congregation, Coghill's Creek, was held in tbe schoolroom on Thursday evening. The weather being fine, the attendance wasunusally large. Mr William Bose presided. The readings, which were of an interesting and instructive kind, were given by the Bev. F. Souter. During the evening the following pieces of music, vocal and instrumental, were rendered, much to the credit of the performers, and greatly to the enjoyment of the audience:—Mrs Hart, accompanied by Mr James—song, " Driven from home Miea Thomas, assisted by Mrs Hart — song, " Climbing up the golden stair" and " Little sister's gone to sleepMr George Hart—song, "Writejaea letter from home." . Mias'-Edwards played the following :.i-March,'" l>am^v/tramp, tramp;" solo, "Come h'mne,father" and "The Duke of Wellington's " march. After spending a most enjoyable evening, the meeting separated* Tbe Bev. B. T. Cummins asks us to state, for the convenience of his parishioners aud other friends, that as St. George's parsonage, Malvern, cannot be available for about a month, his postal address, meanwhile, will be " The Avenue, Windsor." We have received from "G. A.S."5s for the Cornish "foflSgf Fund. A large and influential meeting of Mr Claxton's friends and supporters was held at Craig's hotel last evening. Mr T. Bath was voted to the chair. An executive committee was formed, of which Mr T. Bath was elected permanent chairman, and the dates of the future' meetings haviug been dedded upon, the meeting adjourned. Special services are to be held to-morrow In St. John's Presbyterian Church, Peel street, in connection with the tenth anniversary of the settlement of the Bev. J. W. Inglis. The preacher on the occasion is the moderator of the General Assembly, tbe Bev. J. K. M'Millan, of Hamilton, who has been for a number of years one of the leading ministers of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria. The half-yearly communion service, under the auspices of the Ballarat Evangelical Alliance, will be held in the Congregational Church, Daweon street, next Wednesday evening, commencing at half-past seven. The Bev. H. Bath will preach the sermon, the Bev. J. Walker preside at the table, and the Bev. J. W. Inglis deliver the sacramental address. Tickets can be obtained from Mr S. L. Birtchnett, Sturt street. Spedal services will be held at the Bible Christian Church, Armstrong street, to-morrow, when the 'Bev. J. Teague will preach in the morning; Mrs Cory in tbe afternoon; and the Bev. T. J. Cory in the evening. A tea meeting and concert will follow on Monday. The anniversary of the Humffray Street Mutual Improvement Association will be celebrated next Tuesday at the Bible Christian schoolroom, when there will be a tea, concert, and other entertainments. An entertainment—consisting of a concert, readings, &c.;—will be given in All Saints' Schoolroom, Drommond street, next Thursday evening. The skating rink wQl be open at the Academy of Music this evening, at dght o'clock. An exhibition of curiosities will be opened today, next door to FusselTs hotel. Sturt street. It indudes a pig- elephant, a fowl with four legs, a talking head, and an aerial lady, who constituted one of the most attractive features in DrSylvester*8 programme. A concert, with a chorus of 150 voices, will take place in the Academy of Music next Friday evening, in aid of the fund being raised for the family of the late Captain Allerding. A most attractive programme is being prepared for the occasion. Quadrille assemblies wQl be held this evening, as follows:—At the Alfred Hall, by Mr Blair; at the Oddfellows' Hall, Albert etreet, by Mr Wilson; and, at the Societies' Hall,. Skip ton street, under the usual management. , We have received a copy of the Sydney Courier, the first number ef which was published last Wednesday. - It has a very presentable appearance, and contains a large quantity of readable and interesting news. The Minister of Education calls for tenders this morning for alterations and additions to tin Eureka street State school. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. We are compelled to hold over several letters until Monday. We are requested to state here that Mr G. W. Harrison will preach his last sermon, in the Primitive Methodist Church, Eyre street, to-morrow evening, previous to leaving for Hamilton, to commence his labors there as a probationer for the Primitive Methodist ministiy. Mons. A. F. Rayroux, in addition to his otbe professional duties, has added that of a French evening dass at hii residence, 13 Lyons street south, which will enable advanced^ students of the language te acquire a thorough French accent in a very pleasant way. Bsrracouta and rabbits were cold at 6d per pair yesterday in Bridge street, owing to^ railway connection with Portland. A walking match between Abley and M ( Lean will come "off at the Alfred to-day. The match will commence at ten o'clock in the morning, and finish the same hour in the evening. Abley is the favorite. Tbe following extract, which we take from yesterday's TeltgrapK refers to one of the firm of Evans Brothers, formerly stationers and prieters in Lydiard street, Ballarat-:—" A magisterial enquiry waa held on Thursday evening at Kilmore, before Mr Hartnell, J.P., regarding the death of Mr G. B. Evans, a commercial traveller, in the employ of Am all and Jackson, printers, Melbourne, who died somewhat suddenly at Gte rfs hotel on the 1st instant. In accordance with the medical testimony, a verdict of died from serous apoplexy was returned." Wo commend the following to Major Smith's' notice while amending the Mining Statute:—'" A correspondent, writing from Walballa, calls tbe attention of tbe Age to the panner in which the best line of reef in that district, namely, Cohen's, is held under lease for speculative puiposes. At the present time there is no work being done for a distance of one mile aud a half between tbe Long Tunnel Extended cliim and that of the British Queen Company, Britannia; and there are other large areas of auriferous land throughout this district held unworked in like manner. On Cohen's line there is one ^Efrn of sixty-three acres upon which there has been only seven weeks* work done for several years, and the wages of the two workmen during these seven weeks have only been paid in part, as also the accounts for the atores supplied seven months ago.. Tfc* daim is bdd by Symons, Brache, and Co., who also hold large areas throughout the district upon which tiie labor covenants have never beeoij oom^ plied with, although (tariag'the period there lhaa heeo, and a till is, a very large numbs of miners out of employment, many of whom would have prospected these and other claims lu the locality, and would hare been assisted by fellow - miners who are in work ** sustenance - money if tbe ground had been locked up by large leases. As the regniS" this neglect of the labor covenants, a very u • number of miners have left tbe district, and Behave deared out of the colony. If aa , the Mining Department was sent here to iaS? - gate this subject, be would on his return LeSf to furnish the bead of his department with ft^ which woold assist him in future legislation*^!! " warrant Mm in putting au end to such mo^r • jurious monopolies of auriferous lands." Mr Berry (says the Age) was not fsr ^ when he told the deputation that waited upon v en the 26th ultimo that the various munidnaijr around Melbourne might, if they would ran^ considerable assistance to the unemployed at t" present lime. For example, we learn that f? Richmond municipality had, on the 19th ulti according to the treasurer's report, to its creat^"' the English, Scottish, and Australian Bank «. v ' of £3314 11 s 2d, with liabilj ties a mounting to n F : £24416s 6d, leaving available £3069 lfa CdTffi might be expended on public works within th municipality. When we add that this monev?. part of a loan raised for public works, upon whiA the council are paying 6 per cent., whilst tS money is now lying idle in the bank; also it,? public works for this amount have already br passed, sod should be proceeded with at once. tS conduct of the council in this matter vtilla^wT still more extraordinary. Not only has it E decided what works shall be carried out, but tbTn is also the money and labor available for tfceir mediate execution,, and it is believed theV ,couI«* u ~ carried out now much cheaper than they coiS have been six months ago, or are likely to be months hence. ^ Wild Wright (says the Argvs) has been in Jerri derie since Monday; and is still there. He h! been locked up and fined 5s for being drunk S .disorderly. On Thursday he was bebarinz iiv most disgraceful manner, calling out in the when there was no police within hearing «• HorSi for the Kellys." He is accompanied bv anoS man. " The Minister of Kail ways (says the ^ccl hsi dedded not to call for tenders for the constxoctiol of twenty locomotives upon tbe pattern of engine recently imported from the firm ofBey» Peacock, and Co, until further experiments fcavl been made to prove the suitability of this e-rij as a type for future locomotives to be made ia iS colony. A-number of experiments are at preim being carried on with locomotives to ascerS what weight 60-lb steel rails will bear without? volving too great an expenditure for repairs aS wear and tear. The engineer of construcUm of permanent way objects to the Beyer, Peacock and Co. engine being accepted as a pattern, because he is of opinion that its weight is not suitd/ - to the light lines of the colony, and would involn' a serious cost for maintenance of permanent v r t l • Until tbe question has been proved by experiment it has been decided by the Minister to delay cal&i; for tenders. . The Telegraph understands thsta meeting of & secretaries of the various building sodetiEs toi - place on Thursday evening, at which matters ti - 1 common interest were discussed, and it was egres to form an association of building societies as: mortgage banks, for the purpose of mutual bend and assistance in all matters regarding such in*b tutions. A sub-committee was appointed to dm up rules and report at a future meeting. Tfe utmost unanimity prevailed throughout, I'he Labor Board (sayB the Aoe) held a furib " ttinfc-at thfr-Pubtic Office on TKtfreday, -whs forty-three .further-applications for employ me were registered, making a total of 175 applicas on the books. The board has addressed a circuit to tbe local' bodies and other employers of late throughout the colony, asking the number of otemployed in their respective districts, whether ife number is In excess of that of similar periods i: past years, what amount of distress exists, whet he there are any projected works which can be coomenced at once in order to afford employmeni what rale of wages prevails, and other paiticolan The board is still making energetic efforts to fid. employment for as many hands as possible. Agricultural operations in the Lara and £it£ ' Eiver districts continue (says the Geelonr/ Adcr^, 1 ftser) to be of an encouraging character, oniaj?: ' the beneficial influence of tbe recent rains, tk ! young braird at Lara, in some cases, has fe J noticed to be tinged with yellow, owing to the o- cent frost, but the complaints respecting the era * are not general. The frosts have, however, h&4c : opposite cffect, in retarding the growth of ts - grass. This is all the more to be deplored, u th cattle, previously weakened by the drought, tp from this cause been unable to rccover themseta in seme cases. We regret to learn that a respect resident at the Bulban has lost twenty-one hesil cattle, mostly all in calf, since Christmas ts this cause. As a set-off, however, to the evils ft suiting from the frost, it is believed that it kill the vermin in the ground—in an ictip's ^ state of growth—and so prevent much aTraoyrcz' • and loss at harvest time, when, otherwise, h&Tis; r arrived at maturity, they would be vsiy destrc> tive. That the depressed condition of trade imiiii general want of employment is general throagboc tbe colonies has been shown (remark* the Age) h extracts from other journals which we have polished from time to time. The asme condition c. things exist fn New Zealand. A gentleman writs, from Wellington, under date 23rd June, to a frisi ia Mdbourne, says:—" I think I told 70a tlx trade was far better in New Zealand thaa Sfe ' • bourne, but I coulf scarcely credit the altemfc that had taken place during the short period c four months, the time I was away at Melbacn* When I was in Donedin there were hondreds'it' men standing about and locking for v-ark, ax unfortunately, no work to be be got. I nEstwa to Cbristcburch. The cry • was as bad, aai mrf/ ings of the unemployed were being held era? where. I think it' is a disgrace for tbe Gover. ment to vote b o much money for immigr&ti;: when there is no work for the people to do vis they get here. There was £100,000 placed en C estimates for last year alone/' The Mdbonrne correspondent of the Ararat is vertiser—an Opposition paper—writesSac of tbe newspapers deserve censuring for the mans. in which they are fanning the 'unemployed'^ * destitute' agitation. The whole thing is grossl; xaggerated. I have been a resident of this £ for fifteen years, and have seen many winters, and, considering all the circumstanced . can conscientiously say that there is no abnonu want of employment or destitution." 