WIBERG INTERVIEWED The police imagine all sorts of things about Wiberg. Some think, doubtless "the hope is father to the thought," that he has died of starvation in the bush; others fear that he has made his way to Melbourne or one of the sea- ports; but according to the following informa- tion, received from an old resident of Hamilton, all these surmises are incorrect. Wiberg is still at large and at his ease in Gippsland. Our informant, who is a surveyor now camped on the Drouin track, writes under date 21st of February:—" Even in the wilds of Gippsland there is sensation. Last evening whilst at tea I had a very strange visitor, in the person of Martin Wiberg, the notorious gold-robber. He appears to be well on the track of the police, instead of their being on his. It was about five o'clock when two horsemen passed my camp, who, by their cut, I judged to be police men, but shortly after, Wiberg came up and informed me that only one was a 'peeler,' the other being a Melbourne detective. So close was Wiberg on their heels, that they had not been gone ten minutes when he arrived, dressed in white, accompanied by another man, and asked for a drink. I at once saw that he did not know us, although he might have done, as he rowed us up the Tarwin in July last, so I turned the conversation on to the police and Wiberg. Upon this my visitor became excited, and asked several questions as to his own height, color of whiskers, etc.—doubtless to mislead me—but did not stay over two or three minutes. The pair then started off not at a good round gallop, but at a trot, along the track, the companion leading the way. There were six men round the camp—five besides myself— and I was well- armed, having a loaded revolver on me at the time (an article I always carry here); and it would have been a very easy matter to have secured both Wiberg and his companion. But le jeu ne vaut pas la chandelle, Why do not the Government offer something like a reward? What is a paltry £50? He is now within 24 miles of my camp, and if your noble guardian of the police, Sergeant Richards, were sent up, I could lay him on. I am told the policeman and detective returned, back by the Drouin track to-day, but I did not see them." From the above, it really would appear that the mouse is watching the cat; perhaps the latter does not think the mouse has become sufficiently fat to be grabbed. In other words, the police have no guarantee that they will get even the paltry £50 reward if they catch Wiberg. —-Hamilton Spectator. Lord Harris's tc.tra trill pla3' at Ballarat on Saturday and Monday next, against a local twenty-Urn, A meeting of honorary magistrates has beeu held at Traralgon to consider the appointment of Mr. Henry Breed to the commission of the peace. Seven ont of eight justices signed a protest to the Minister of Justice against the appointment. Peter Sullivan, of Sydney, who is matched to row R. Edwards on the 5th March for £100 a-side, has brought with him a beautiful light boat, weighing 241b. She has a rudder which he steers with his feet. Ait Infelicitous Mishap.—Tho Oee.lomj Advertiser writes :—A wedding party without a bridegroom i3 rather a novelty, yet one took place yesterday in a neighboring town. The bridegroom, having made all arrangements for the marriage ceremony, went into a distant part of the country to arrange little business matters without letting the bride know, and he missed the train which was to convey him to the town ship where the nuptials were to be celebrated. The marriage party arrived at the church and anxiously awaited the coming of the bride groom, who, however, did not appear, and when the party were about tired of waiting, a telegram was received announcing that the derelict had lost the train. The wedding breakfast will, no doubt, be consumed to-day. The West Bodrke Election.—The Kynetoti Guardian says :—Very few of the Ministerial journals attempt any defence of this shameful job. The Daylesford Advocate, indeed, states very candidly that "There cannot be two opinions that the result of the West Bourke election has been uusatfsfactory to all parties. The interference of the Attorney-General lays him opeu to grave censure. For Mr. Deakiu to assert that the continuance of the polling would have ensured his election, is proof that discreditable means would have been exercised in bringing voters of known opinions to vote who did not previously intend to do so, and with the full knowledge that the electors in the other divisions of the district were powerless to neutralise the sharp practice thus attempted." This is going even further than \ya should have expected a Ministerial journal to have done. CCT3HTIRE3.—A letter trom a resident ot South Aujtralia, received, yesterday by a gentle man in Geelong, states that great bushfires have occurred between Peuola and Narracoorte, thousands of acres of graSs having been con sumed. To give an idea of the losses sustained, the writer of the letter reports that one squatter lias loot at least £3,000 worth of fencing on his properties. Archbishop Goold's Pastoral Letter.— The usual pastoral letter of His Grace Arch bishop Goold was read in the Kyneton Roman Catholic Church on Sunday last (the Guardian saya) by the Rev. Father Welch. After treating of the usual regulations, etc., it strongly advised the congregation to remember the next general eleotien, and forcibly impressed upon them the necessity of withholding their vote and interest from all candidates not pledging themselves to bring about an alteration in the present Education system. A party of gentlemen sought to make a display of their wealth. The first lighted his cigar with a tcu-pouud note. The second " went him ten better," and consumed a twenty-pound note in the same way. The third, not to bo out- done, sacrificed a cool fifty. Then the fourth and last declared he'd beat thu crowd, took a blank check from his pocket tilled it out for a round thousand, signed it, and then lighted his pipe with it. And the joke of it was that the other three " caved" at once at his reckless extravagance! A clear case of " flat" money. He had returned to New York with his wife from a summer vacation at the seaside, and he stood in front of the house giving a friend a graphic account of the season's pleasures " Went in bathing every day!" he exclaimed, enthusiastically. "Ah!" respon ded the friend. " Wife go in tou!" " Oh, ye3, every day!" said the returned vacation ist. " Can she swim',"' queried the friend with some interest. " N-o-o, she can't," was the reply. "She tried and tried to learn, but somehow she didn't get the hang of it. She said she couldn't get the right kick, and I let her think that was the reason, but the facts was"—and here he looked up at the house, and sunk his voice to a hoarse whis per—" she couldn't keep her mouth shut long enough to take four strokes before she'd have some silly remark to make, when ker wasli!—she'd swallow a whole wave, and go plump to the bottom!" 