.TOWN TALE. Communication is interrupted on the Port' Darwin line north of Faruia. The following tenders were announced yesterday as being the lowest for a railway passenger station at Geelong :—For brick, with white brick facing, Messrs Newton aud Borland, £S75S 14s 10d ; brick, with free stone dressing, Mr Thomas Corley, £9491 3s. Fifteen tenders vvere received. The first Executive Council meeting at which the new Governor, the Marquis of Normauby, will be present will be held on Monday next. Sir Bryan O'Loghleu, the acting Chief Secretary, had. an interview with the Marquis of Normanby, the new Go vernor, yesterday, at which it was ar ranged that the first levee should take place on Tuesday, the lith iust. At present His Excellency is receiving addresses from the various local bodies, and he has baeu allowed to arrange his own time for st irtiug on a tour of the provinces. We learn that the Mayors of Ballarat and Ballarut East have been the first to send to the Marquis of Normanby special invitations to visit the provinces, llis Excellency has been greatly pleased with the prompt action taken by the Ballarat people/ and has signified his intention of making an early visit to the. gold fields city. Ballarat was the first place which the Marquis of Normanby visited when he stopped in Victoria whilst en route to Queensland some tunc since, and he was then so cordially received and hospitably entertained that lie feels highly gratified with the invitation to again pass through the district. Now that there is only one train a day run ning between Colae and Geelong, it would be studying the couveuieuce of the travelling public if the traiu were to leave Colac at 10 a.m. instead of, as at present, 5.30 a.m. The morning train would then reach Gee long in time for passengers to proceed to Melbourne or Ballarat by the mid-day trains, aud persons wishing to come to Gee long to do some shopping would have ample time at their disposal. By the proposed alteration persons residing in the vicinity of Colac or Winchelsea could drive to their re spective toivnsh'ips with some degree of com fort. To catch the traiu as it is now. pas sengers have to get up in the middle of the night and drive to the stations in the dark, which i3 anything but agreeable on a cold, wet, winter's morning, and materially re duces travelling and 'railway receipts. The' close season for hares terminated at 12 o'clock, last night. A number of local sporting men proceeded to the country dis tricts yesterday afternoon to have prelimi nary trials with their greyhounds to-dav. Reports from different localities have been received to the effect that hares are more numerous this season than they have been known to be for some years past. It is cur rently reported that the lessee of one large " cover " has forbidden coursing with dorrs on his property, hut has given permission for the free use of guns. Some changes are to take place in the staff of railway officials here. Mr W. Hughes the booking-clerk, will leave on Thursday next to assume the position of stationmaster at Dunkeld, and his position here will be filled by Mr Hinds. . Mr Harry Cadwal- lader, one of the clerks in the office, will leave on Monday to be installed in the booking-office at Wallen Wallen on the North Eastern line, and his place is to be filled by Mr Graves, from Stawell. \- The remains of the late Rev. Samuel Her- man, Jewish Rabbi, were interred in the Eastern Cemetery yesterday. The funeral was a lengthy one, and among those present were the Rev. Mr Benjamin, of Melbourne ; Rev. Mr Goldberg, of Ballarat ; Rev. T. M'K. Fraser, of High Church; Rev. Mr Baird, of St. Andrew's Church ; and Dr Jacobson, of Melbourne. All the Jews re sident in-Geelong also followed the remains of the deceased gentleman. The funeral -arrangements, which were carried out by Messrs Jenkins and Bennett, undertakers, were strictly plain, in keeping with the Jewish custom. The coffin being a plain deal one, with a loose black mantle thrown over it. There were no pall-bearers. Dr. Jacob- son officiated at the grave in conjunction with the Revs. Benjamin and Goldberg, and delivered a short, but impressive, discourse. The train, from Ballarat last evening was 10 miuutes late in arriving at Geelong/ The delay avas occasioned by the heavy rush for seats by sporting men resident in the Bal larat, Stawell, anil other, districts desirous" of attending.the Melbourne races today/ It niay. be stated that the tickets by the last train were issued at exclusion' fares. A very extensive bushfire was ragino. i„ the Modeavarre district oil AVednesday The grass paddocks of Messrs Ferrar Boi lean, Welsh, M'Rie, M'Evett. Lewis', and Leighton, were.swept over by the flames A but on Mr Lfewis' property; was bun and a haystack belonging to Mr Drinkwal was consumed. The tire extended as far " D''rk'e'8 aud was extinguish on Thursday, when it reached the proper of Mr Plant, near Mr Hopkins' station. V learn that the lainbiug paddocks and t fenceB belonging to Barwon Park, t property of the Messrs Austin, were aiso burnt by the bushfire. ' The Shire Council of Barrabool are' pro ceeding with the very necessary work of cutting down the steep hiiis .which have proved of such great inconvenience to far mers and others carting their produce. At the meeting yesterday a tender for £7G2 10s for cutting down the embankmeut and re constructing 39 chains on the Barrabool-hills road at Pisber's-bill was accepted ; while good progress is being made bv the con tractor who has undertaken the useful woik of cutting down the hill on'Sandilands road, leading from the Culac main road in the direction of the Mount Moriac railway station. A fanner named Thomas Hawksford, aged G3 years, a resident in the Mount Wal lace district, when driving homewards in an empty wagon ori Thursday evening, about dusk, met with a severe aee/deufc. He was riding on the wagon, and when close to his farmhouse he was jerked out of the vehicle. Hawksford fell in front of the wagon, one of the wheels'of which passed over his head, inflicting an ugly lacerated wound of - the scalp. The unfortunate farmer was brought to Geeloug by train yesterday foreuoon, and tiken to the Hospital. A serious c;i3e of fish poisoning occurred yesterday forenoon. A young gentleman, who resides in Malnp-street, ate a couple of small silver fish, aud within lialf-an-hour "afterwards he was seized with giddiness, felta choking sensation in his throat, aud his face became swolieu to an unusual size. The gentleman, directly ho felt the unpleasant sensations in the head, ran to a water-tap and turned the water on to the back of his neek, and whilst doing this he fainted. He was at once removed to his bed, and Drs. Reid and Day sent for. Emetics were freely used, and the poisonous symptoms rapidly subsided. It may be stated that the fish eaten had been covered with butter-sauce. Several other persons who partook of similar' kind of fish soaked in "Vinegar, arid served at the same table, were in no way affected. The Mayor and Cr. Jones were yesterday afternoon canvassing in the town for sub scriptions towards purchasing the bust of the late Dr. Thomson, first mayor of Gee long, for the purpose of presenting the bust to the town corporation. The racehorses Petrea. Tocal, South Hamilton, and Caspian, from the St. Albans training stables, were taken to Melbourne yesterday to compote in the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting to-day. The following accidents were attended to at the Hospital yesterday :—Henry Chap : man, aged 41 yearn, a resident of Geelong, had one of his arms fractured through falling off a wagon ; Henry Bennett, aged 14 years, living at Ashby, was kicked on the hand by a horse, and some of his fingers were severely woanded; Mary Holden, aged 5 years, whose parents reside in Geelong, upset a cup of hot tea over herself, scalding one of her arm3. " - At the ordinary monthly meeting of the Barrabool Shire Council, six applications were received for the combined posts of secretary, engineer, and vainer. After going into committee, the Council elected Mr W. V. Miller, a recent arrival, who graduated as a civil engineer at Queen's University, Dublin, Ireland. Mr Miller has credentials enabling liim to take any civil engineer's post, but, as tbey are from tbe home autho rities, he has been elected conditional on his obtaining the certificate as required by onr Local Government Aet, of which there is little or no doubt. Tile lubra of an aboriginal named Jim Crow, one of the Oolao blacks, was taken to the Hospital laid- eveuing, suffering from consumption. Crow and his children, who accompanied the sick lubra, were provided with food and shelter for tbe night by. the Mayor of the town. The new ami first one streak eight-oared boat built in the colony by Mr Fuller, of Melbourne, for the Corio Bay Rowing Club, was brought to Geelong "by the steauier Alert on Thursday evening. The eight was launched iu the B.irwoa river yesterday | nfrcriiuon, and manned by a full crew of ' rowers engaged to do honor for the Bay Club at the ensuing regattas. The boat was taken for a short trial spin as Far as the Priuce Albert bridge, and the members of the crew spoke very highly of their nbw purchase. The eight is light and'fast, the slidiug seats well fitted, aud altogether it is a very creditable specimen,of the boat* builder's liaudiwork. The new craft cost £80. The steamer Adela arrived yesterday afternoon from Newcastle with 600 tons of coal for the Government. She was berthed' alongside the railway pier. Captain Sander son reports that h"e left Newcastle at 7.30 p.m. on the 24th nit., the weather being cloudy and the wind blowing fresh' from the S.S.E. Syduey Heads Were passed at 5 a.m. on the following day, strong head -winds and seas being experi enced. Gabo Island was passed at 11.20 a.m. on Wednesday, light northerly winds and fine weather prevailing. At 4 p.m. on the same day the Adela was abreast of Cape Everard, the scene of the wreck of the steamer Kerangie, and the Adela being taken close to land, it was "found that the Keraugie had biokeu.up and entirely dis appeared. The mainmast of the .wrecked vessel was seen on the beach a little; to the north-east of the spot where'the steamer was stranded. As there were no sighs of any persons in the vicinity of the wreck, the Adela steamed ou her course. Captain Sanderson is of opinion that nothing of any consequence will be saved from the Kerangie wreck. _ ' 1 he Carnival in aid of the Cre3\vickDis trict Hospital took place yesterday. V. We. understand that the Creswick Handicap,! of the value of £30, was won by Gross, with Killen second. 1 . The weather yesterday'was changeable. At times the sun 'was very hot, and occa sionally cold blasts of wind swept clouds of dust along the streets. xIn the evening seve ral light showers of rain'fell. Yesterday forenoon, nominations* closed for the Puppy Stakes of the Grant and Polwarth Coursing Club, to be rnn for on the /th May. The stakes were for an un limited number of greyhound puppies whelped after the 30th June, 1S77. Twenty four nominations were received as follows, aud the stakes closed : — A". Hopkins, 4 ; S. aud A.. A. "- Austin, 4; T. Jelfery, 2 ; John Calvert, 2;;T.Edols, 1 ; W. Edmnud Hon, 1 ; D. Guthrie, 1 ; Johu Kellv, 2 ; D. I -M'Harry, 2 ; C, Craike, 2 ; J. Roberts, 3. I The-programme of the'Aust'ralian Coursing J Cjub for the season of IS79 has been issue'1" ! Tbe opening meeting is the St. Leger Stake with the Nyang Cup, presented l>y Mr 1 Jones, to be ruu mrApril 17th and follow!, days. Ou May 15th.the second meeting w be commenced, with three stakes—one of ' -ill ages, one .of 1G dog puppies, aud one 16.bitch, puppies. . The Australian Cup, £ 64 greyhounds, .will be run iu Juno, 'pj Adelaide Stakes, for :32 till ages, and R-V way Stakes, for 16 all ages, are fixed f Jtliy The storinont Plate; for 32 all aye au I Melbourne Stxkes, for 32 all ages, ui be run in-A<igtist.> ? An luquestns to; be hfchl at the1 Hospit at 11 a.in. to-day,, on the body of the uu John K.iml»er,,yvho died from the .-fft-ets of Wfiund iu the. throat, inflicted by himself. ^ to a_paragraph appearing yesterday's. vissue, that the trustees of tl Geelong .^cemetery waited on the iMimst of.'PuWzcVYorka, to ask for a grant of mom to effect^ repairs, we are requested to sta that tlie new geiieral cemetery, Heme Hi! is the one referred to, Tbe eastern cemetei is;iu the.uidst perfect condition, the truste< haviug. expended largo sums of money i puUing it iii order, and they are uotsufferii f rofli a~waat of funds. Mr-Walter owau.bt otaweii, Viciuiia, » the successful competitor for the prized £100 offered by the Sydney Mail for the best tale by a colonial author. There were iboot 70 competitors. Messrs W. Siddeley and Co., on Then, day, received a telegram from Capt. Gibb» dated Aden, February 2Gtb, announcing ii,e arrival there of Messrs Mouey, Wigram, and Sons' steamship Kent from Melbourne. James A. Easther, the unfortunate man who was admitted to the Ararat Hospital oa 'Wednesday, the 18th Feb., suffering 'iraoi severe injuries sustained whilst driving s threshing machine along the Starved road died at the institution on Tuesday last. An Argus telegram says that the oarsmen who will probably represent New Sonth -Wales in the rowing match are XV. Cope, C C. Metcalf, J. Arthur, P. 0. Williams. 1.^ Dardine, T. Strange, A. Finlayson, and p' Lord ; emergencies, W. Anslow, M'Kansey, and C. Vautin. Mr Cvaig, inspector of schools, has ben, for the last two days examining the hop and girls belonging to the Reformatory School, Coburg. The per centagca gained by I tile children for passes are as follow Girls' school, 01'4 ; boys' school, SG-o. Thin | is the highest percentage obtain...! - institution siuco it lias been established. The bauk manager at Terang, near Wag. nanibool, was a day or two ago practise, with a revolver, bo that he might be able to pepper the Kellys if they appeared at ^ bunk. His first shot (says the Mount Ala. ander Mail) nearly killed a little boy, aoj passing into the next street struck a wash, stand at whieh a yonng man was cleansing his hands. He gave np practice. From the advertisements of sale of land that appeared in . last Tuesday's issue of the St. Arnaud Times it would appear that a great many of the free selectors are de sirous of clearing out. Nino selections of 3j} acres each are in the market, and one estate agent advertises more than 3000 acres for sale. The Hay correspondent or the Argus tele, graphed on Thursday :—" About tea li'jtis tele- ~ sea o'clock f L*inri • 1?^! this morning six suspicious-looking men ^" passed Qaandongs, on the Booligal-road; five were^jiding in a body, and one leading a pack-liorse. They went in the direction oi Enrogubah, and are supposed to be maldng for Hillstone." In the KyneUm Guardian of Wednesday last a correct account appears of the pro- ' . ceedings which took, place at the opening rf plC the ballot box at He wham on the Saturday previous, and thiB account substantially agrees with the account published in the Age. It is now well known that the diyw reporter was not present at the time that the alleged occurrence took place which he describes. The C'olac Herald published its "special3 Kelly scare on Friday, when a circumstan tial description .of an enconnter with four mounted men, resembling the bushrangers at Gold Hole Hills, eight mile3 from Colac, appeared in that journal. Acting oa the . statement of the informant, the troopers in i the district have gone In pursuit of the sup. posed outlaws ! A New Zealand paper states that a private letter received in Wellington says that Mis 'Carmichael, the heroine of the Loch Aid, had become insane. It will be remembered tiiat ouly Miss Carmichael and Tom Pearce, a midshipman, were saved from the wreck, the young lady losing her father, mother, sisters, and brother. She went home to ie side with a relative/ but tho shock resulted in her mind beeomino Oa Thursday :afteruoon, a person named John Shean, aged fifty-rhreevears, a resident at Geelong, wr.6 received into the Melbourne Hospital suffering from a fractured leg. Ths injured man (reports the Telegraph) ra riding in a ballast truck in the yard of the Spencer-street terminus, when the engine attached to -the train unexpectedly moved on, and the unfortunate man was throva out, sustaining the injuries described. .Experiments are . being performed aftita gardens of the Horticultural'Society (says the Argus) with the cure proposed by Mr J. MillerHfur. the eradication of phylloxera vastatrix and other Vegetable blichts. Seve ral apple trees which iu previous seasons could not be kept clean from the American blight were operated on in September, 187S, and the Curator of the gardens has reported, j that up to date the blight has not made its appearance. The Minister of Lands ha directed an experiment to be made with tin* specific on a block of vines at BatesfonL The following peculiar advertisement ap pears in the Ararat Advertiser:—Ladies<S Victoria to. the Rescue. Wanted—Ten fas cinating, etrong-iniuded pretty women g Victoria, to form themselves into a band to capture the Kelly Gang !! They will be supplied with the choicest scents, cigarettes, a few poker and euchre decks, and all other police necessaries. Testimonials as tocapacity will be received on or before 1st March, by R. Troy Knight, Bull and Mouth Hotel, Horsham. N.B.—Toy revolvers strictly pro hibited ! ! A most extraordinary rara avis was icet with one day last week (says the A rare! Advertiser) by two gentlemen travelling from Tatyoon to Buaugor. ■ When near the Challicum Creek a snow white bird ros from the water, flying close by. It at once pronounced' to be a shag, but as alighted again a short distance off, in oris to make certain'of its identity it was id lowed," when- it Was agreed that it was i veritable; cormorant. The bird was se® by Mr Huie,"who is ail old sportsman, and.lie* states he .has never heard before of a -yyhite shag. It was a really bea -bird, and would have formed a handsomesp* ciineu could it have been secured. At the Melbourne Police Court oa Wed nesday the young man George M'Cnllagh, who recently paid a visit to Geelong, charged' with obtaining £2 8s by means tc false pretences,. Mr Partridge, a tobacco merchant, of Russell-street, stated that tb accused, who had been a collector and cled of his, left his employ in June last hfr cently, on applying to Mr Holt, the landlord - of the Oakleigh hotel. Oalcleigh, for the pay* ment of an account, he ascertained that the prisoner, on the 4th November last, caP at Mr Holt's house, aud obtained the atnoo-" which he was charged with fraudulently re ceiving. As Mr Holt did not put in an »P* pojirance, the Bench (says the Tehgra^t) charged the prisoner, remarking that * Holt was the real prosecutor, and not -r Partridge. Messrs^Dow and MacBaiu, Ms.LA.. 03 |||p Thursday presented ■ petitions to ' Mr |p|| more from selectors on: the Thalia, Tpff3 ninuie,. Gorack, and Morton Plains asking that they rajght.be allowed a porW3 of the amount set aside by the Governing' for the destruction of rabbits. Mr more said that the money was to be alio ^ to pastoral Crown tenants, very whom, however, had applied for it, and t * at present there were no funds at his jmsal for selectors. The proprietor of 1 iColac Rabbit Meat Preserving was present at the interview, and heo»e to-erect an establishment iu the district - as to provide a market for uncureds lI1^ provided the Government would gW® h"^ halfpenny bonus on every skin he presrr*^ Mr Longmnro- promised to consult his & leagues upon the matter. :We learu from the A^ctthat the Chief Secretary, received a teleg^0* Thursday night from the Chief Secret* j dated the evening of the 26th February* mentioned the official, interview * j Michael Hioks- Beach that had ! that day, and Mr Berry added tha tone of the English press on tbe^ ^ Victoria3 situation was moderate and ^arJrttut ! The Chief Secretary further state* ^ j Colombo is the point of departure ^ j; proposed mail service by the P» aa Company. The proprietors of the Orient line of steamers were to interview the Chief Secretary on Thursday as to a tender sub ject to conditions marked A. In conse quence of the minimum not having been agreed to between the associated banks and the Chief Secretary, the loan may-have to be deferred or only a portion of it offered. The Chief Secretary expects that a Royal Commission will be appointed for England to assist the Commissioners for the Melbourne International. Exhibition. D'Arcy Read's Gliost vanished finally'from off the boards of the Mechanics' Institute last night. The entertainment was for the benefit of Mr W. S. Mcdcalfe, and the house was a good, one, considering the fact that the entertainment lias Tun for 13 eights. A novelty was introduced in the shape of an optical illusion entitled "The Chinese Phan tom Dancers." This portion'of the enter tainment was received with greatrmerrimeut by the audience, while the last scenes of the 14 Haunted House" lost nothing^by repeti tion, and proved as laughable and astoni3h iug as ever. The annual meeting of the Geelong Vine growers* Association will bo held at two o'clock this afternoon, at the Swis3 'Boarding House. Special sermons will be^ preached in St. Paul's Church on SundaysMuring Bent, the subjects being: Morning: 44The humiliation of our Lord Jesus Christ;" -Evening: "Are you being converted?" Services will be conducted in the Ryrie street RresbjJerinn Church to-morrow by the Rev. D M'Kenzie, of ColJingwootL The anniversary services of. St. Andrew's Presbyterian Churchy take place to- morrow, and from onr-advertising columns it will be seen that the Rev. Charles, or Pastor, Chiniqu}*, is to preach in the morning. It v.-a-i intended that he should • officiate both ir.ornfrg and evening, but the Committee of the Church, in deference to the opinion of the Obiniquy Committee in Geelong.imd from a desire to promote the object of the Pastor's mission, waived their right in the matter. Pedestrians are reminded that entries for the handicap races of the St. Patrick's and Si. MhryV Societies must be made before nine o'clock this evening. The nominations of auditors and assessors for the various wards in the town must be made at noon to-day. Entries for the following events to be run for at the Mount Moriac Races, on the 12tii hist., must be made before one.o'clock to-day: —Mount Moriac Handicap, Time Handicap Trot, and Handicap Hurdle Race.' Entries foi the Barwon Regatta, which takes place on the 12th inst., will close on Tuesday next. A musical, elocutionary, and dramatic enter tainment will be given-in the Mechanics'Insti-" tute on Monday evening, March 17tli, by the members and lady associates of the Catholic Young Mens Literary Association. The Geelong "West Borough Council offi cially note in our advertising columns the ap po'zitment of Mr Wxo. Hariris as Town Clerk, itc., for the borough. • " .. We have received a lengthy communication from J. B. Jamieson,'one of the competitors in the quarter of a mile handicap swimming match on Tuesday last. Jamieson complains of the deci-ion of the judges in awarding him rec >nd place instead of firsthonors. or making the race a dead heat between himself and Webster. Jainieson claims to have been head and shoulders ahead of-Webster at the finish, which is r."t a fact, for, although it wa3 a 44 mar thing," Webster had a very slight ad vantage over him, as he acknowledges by .-tatiug tuat Webster bad a better opportunity of touching the plank from being in the centre ]>o.=;tion. whilst he had to turnTonnd in order to touch the wiiming- posk We think that Jumieson should have entered a protest against tho judge's decision if he felt aggrieved. The Ji?t of unredeemed pled-res with Mr < '-lv.t Brandt, and to be sold by auction on the rhh inst. by Mr Jolm Davison, is pub li-hed in our advertising columns. The Secretary of the Infirmary and Bene volent Asylum has pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of £6 15s, being half of proceeds of entertainment given at Morrisons in aid of the funds of the Ballarat and Geelong Hospitals, forwarded per Mr W. L. Mitchell. Messrs Ducker and Co. will sell by auction, in their rooms, this day at noon, a number of new and second-hand carriages, buggies, wagonettes, etc. 