WATER COMMISSION. FBIDAV. 16th JULY. PresBnt—The chairman (Cr Morrison), and Crs Josephs, Scott, Ferguson, Phillips, Dunn, Bobertson, Bropby. Wilson, ^tlUams, Turpie, Gray. COKBESPOSDEKCS.—Frcm W. Taylor and others, asking to be <rapp!i«l with water at Black Bill {or sluicing purposes. Beferred to the works committee for repo.-t— From Town Uouncil, stating that that body had no objection to water being laid on to the Dan Bropby Company for boiler purposes, deceived. —From same, stating that It had no objection to Win. Taylor and party having water for sluicing purposes. Beoeived—From John J Grabrr, asking permission to inspect the ledgers tnd vouchers of the commls- JUr Graber, who was in attendance, stated that mply wanted to see tho accounts in the interrst ef the town. The chairman pointed out that the ledger could sot be plaoed at the disposal of anyone for inspection, but the balance-sheets would give Mr Graber the information he desired. The application was left in the hands of tho chairman. —From tlie auditors, stating that the bocks and acoouuts for halfyear ending 30th June, 1879, were correct and in proper order. Beoeived —From Mr DaTey, offering for sale two tons of pig lead, hefeixed to the works committee for report. OHAIBHAX'S BETOET—Stated—L The questions in the lawsuit reserved during the trial came on for hearing before the Full Court on Wednesday, the 9th Instant. The arguments were continued till Monday, the 14th, when the farther hearing was postponed until after the return of the judges from drouit, when a d*y will be fixed for the arguments to be resu ' It was fonnd necessary for your engineer and si tary to attend during the htariug with the various exhibits, &c.; 2\. Be (the chairman) had cansednotices to appear iu the publio papers,calling uponall persons in arrear to pay all moneys due to the commission by the Slst instant, failing which actios would be t " 'toecforce payment. Adopted. FtXAXca.—The following accounts were passed for payment:—Labor, £65 0j7d; J. Mann, £1 16s; W. l'rotman, £115s 9d; B Gibbings. £2; cab hire, 15s; Trengrove, £2 14s; Insurance, £4 lis; secretary expenses, £7 12s; engineer, £7 L2&; auditors'fees, £10 10 s; H Knceksy, £s; J. Bushby, £5—total, £114 6s 4d 2. In consideration oltlls services of the engineer being no longer required, it was recommendedthat he receii-e the three months' notice thereof, in accordance with the terms of his agreement. Made an order of the day for next meeting. COIXBCTO&'S BEPOST.—Stated—1. Tbeamountrecsived dming the fortnight was £473 10s. 2. The consumption of nater by mloing companies daring the mouth of June wa9 12 752.000 gals. lisoeivBd. BALANCE-SHEBTB.—The balance-sheets were ordered to be printed and made an order of the day for next meeting. BXGIKBB&'S EEI'OET.—1 Beporfed on va _ works at the reserves, and mentioned one case of trespass. 2. Gave the depth of water in the reservoirs as follows:—On 3rd July, Beale's, 8 feet 6 inches; Fincctt's, 9 feet; weir basin, 4 inches over bvwash; Kirk's, 26 3 feet; Upper Gong Gong, 3577 feet On 17th July,Beale's, 12 feet 4 inches; Pin oott's, 10 feet; wefr basin, 4 inches over by wash:. Kirk's, 33*4 feet; Gnsg Gong, 4317 feet. There was a6trongflowof water nmsifig intoBfale's reservoir. Received. The case of trespass referred to the ohalrman. BrECIAL BEPOET —Sr George Smith reported— 1\. That he bad visited the reserves and given neceesary instructions for the replanting and extension of plantations 2. He recommended the cutting of fire farrows as a means of preventing the spread of bushfires. S. Expressed his willingness to meet and consult with the works committee concerning the reserves and plantations. Received and referred to the works committee. ORDERS or THE DAY.—Keport cf engioeer as to the cost nocesstry to bring a supply cf water from the Meorabool into Geale's reEsrvoir (postponed from last meeting)—Cr Brophy considered the woik well worth thinking overhand, if possible, carrying out, especially when the present depth cf witer in tho reservoirs was remembered, tie proposed that the matter be referred to the works committeo to-visit tho gionnd during their projected visit to the reserves. Or Gray would second tne proposition, for lie had long tliouuht tbe matter cesrving of more consideration Cr Wilson, in supporting it, mentioned the fact that he had been euppUd with a new table by one ol tlio office s, which givos the following information:— Quantity of water consumed by mining companies during the month ol June, 1879, 12,752,000gallons; for boiler purposes, st 4d per 1000 gallons, consumed 1352.C00; for washing and crushing purposes by companies, consumed at §d per 1000 gallons, 7,135.000; for washing and crushing purposes by companies,consumed at 2dperl000gallons,4,265,000 Itwasresolved to h".ve similar returns laid on the table every month. Cr Phillips considered it unnecessary to send the works committee out to examine the ground, when, even if they reported favorably upon the scceme, tbe commission bad no money to "oairv It out. He proposed, a? an amendment, tlmt the m»lter be brought up that time thioe mouths. Or Scoitibouglit Chat the commission could not take tho matter into consideration now, It previously having resolved to have nothing to do with toe eebeme. Cr Gray thonght that if some miners (as had been done some vears ago) c*u!d taring the wator from the creeks" into Kirk's, surely it conld be done now. Cr Phillips' amendment was then carries. 2. As to advisability orolberwi.e of letting portions of the reserves for agricultural or pastoral purposes, In conjunction with the third clause of the report of the public works committee (received asd postponed from last meeting). Or Brophy stated that a deputation of ratepayers desired to wait upon the conumstion with regard to tbe question, and he proposed that the consideration of the report be postponed for a fortnight. Or Bobertson was opposed to the postponement, as it looked like waiting for the opinion of the ratepayers, and guided thereby, instead of taking Lbs reports c. pertB. Cr Soott thought the deputation should be heard, and said he was sure there were portions of the reserves thet might be let with advantage, and be would not r«t until something was done in the matter. Or Bobertson would consent to the poBtpoaemest for getting further information, bnt not to hear deputatlonp. Or Ferguson would consent to a postponement, but he had come prepared to make a proposal for referring the matter to a special commission. After a very desultory disenseien, the motion for postponing the crder was carried. NOTICE OP Monoy—By Cr Ferguson—" That the services of the engineer, Mr Bagge, be dispensed with, and that he receive three months' notice, in ac- cordance with the terms of bis agreement Kith this efim™«fnn '- Withdrawn »m,AtKnn*tlv 