— THE SECRET FOE. Written for Thh Herald ' a Lady Contributor. (oonoludkd.) To Stephen Alervyn, the meeting with this man Beemod the one thing needed to carry out successfully, and with but little risk of ex posure to himself, the plan over which he had been ao long brooding. Cautiously feeling his way, be every now and' then brought up Free man s dismissal, and listened, without a wcr 1 ' of rebuke, to the angry, yet obsiuro' hints thaj fell from the man's lips. Gradually ho b Beams bolder, and encouraged him to ap ak more openly, until, at last, a mutual understanding arose between them, and the two men know . each to bo the avowed enemy of Guy Has-" ' tings. As hoe been already said, tha close1 proxi mity of the bush-fires had induced the mer- shant and Peroy Trevellyu to- go up to Fern- Bide, and the faot only made Stephen etill moro- nnxlouB that the plan on which Free- mnn and he had agreed, should be carried out with no further delay. Tho day succeeding the travellers' arrival was one of the hottest yet felt that season. A strong north wind was blowing, and the atmosphere, heavy with the smoke of thesurrounding fires, was oppressive in the- extreme. Mr Hastings, well aware of the danger which threatened Ferneide, ordered all hands out to endeavor to stop the rapidly approaching flames, by light ing fresh fires to meet them ; and by strenuous efforts the wished-for result was gained, and Ferneide, to all appearance, saved from the fate that had so lately threatened it. In the confusion, Stephen Alervyn and Free man found themselves side by side. "No better moment than this," the man muttered ; "we should lose no time, ASr Mervyn, if we mean to do it. " "Aleet me in- ten minutes by the men's juarters, ' was the hurried reply, "and we will arrange everything." "The man nodded, and then hastened away ae if afraid of tl/eir conversation being over heard. Night had fallen, when two figures glided stealthily through tho lovely garden that was one of tne great beauties of Ferneide station, and stood beneath the wide verandah that ran around the house. " You know all our plans, Freeman," Ste- . phen whispered ; "Set fire to the outbuildings, and then go to the spot I showed you this after noon. Wait there for me, and I will rejoin you after my work- ie done, and pay the amount I promised. Then make tho best of your way to Melbourne, and when I arrive there — which I hope to do in a few days — I will write to the address you have given me, and enclose the remainder of the monoy due. See that you keep your promise of silence as to this night's work, Robert Freeman," ho continued, sternly; "remember that we are both implicated; and that if one falls, loth fall." " I shall not forget, Mr Mervyn," was the reply ; "I shall have bad my revenge on Mr HastiDgB, and I have no wish to suffer any more than I- have already done through him." Ae lie sppke, he moved cautiously away, dis appearing in the Bhadow thrown by the veran dah on the moon-lit garden. "And now for my share of the dead,' the clerk murmured;, "a few more seconds, and Guy Hastings shall feel the weight of my vengeance, and Alabel learn what it is to be rejected. Percy Treveilyn will never marry her, when he finds how greatly reduced her father's wealth will be, after the loss I intend entailing on bim. Better for him to have lent that £1500, than suffer ao heavily by the 1 bush fires' that have alarmed him so much to day ! ' A low, mocking laugh broke from his lips as he ended his soliloquy. Noiselessly, but quickly he moved round to tho back. The flames were plainly visible, for Freeman had Bet fire first to the store-house, and the contents had already caught. The young man only lingered for a glimpse of a dark figure pass ing rapidly across the lurid glow, and disappearing in the indicated direction; and ben, by firing the trellis-work in several parts, completed the dastardly act already so eucceBBfully begun. The creepers, which, in general, hid it by their luxuriant leaves and blossoms, were now, from the unusually hot, dry season, hanging in long withered fes toons, and burnt like chaff, " No time to rejoin Freeman yet," thought Stephen Mervyn; " the fire blazes too fiercely, and suspicion might fall on me were I absent when it was discovered ; better for me to play the part of devoted clerk, risking my life to save that oi my employer, though I will take good care not to risk mine too much !" An evil sneer curled hie lips as hs turned away, and ran lightly up the verandah eteps, calling, aB he did eo, upon those inside to'awake and save themselves. Tired out with the day's heavy exertions, Air Haetings, Percy, and the servants wore wrapped in deepslnmbsr, uncen scious of the danger thnt threatened them. The flames were gaining ground rapidly, and Stephen, a feeling almost of compunction in liis heart for his victims, half-suffocated with the dense smoke that filled the wide hall in which he stood, staggered back into the verandah, to find himself caught in the arms of one of the farm-laborers. "Mr Mervyn !" the man exclaimed ; " thank God! you nt leaat are safe;: " where are my master and Mr Treveilyn ?" " I was trying to find my way in to awake them," Stephen gasped; "I could not Bleep from the heat, and came outside for a change just as the flames broke out. What can havo "We must save the master first, before talking about that," the man answered, dash ing into the hall, and endeavoring to find hie way to the bedrooms. "Call up the other men. Air Mervyn, please." " Tnrn to your right, Alnrtin," tha latter shouted after him ; " the first door you reach. He will be fortunate if he finds him thai side of the house," he thought, ne he looked after the labourer. " But, of course, if there is any mistake, the man did not hear my words aright; ' and again the cruel sneer played on his lips. Alost of tho station hands were aroused by this time, and collected in front of the house —Mr Hastings, to Stephen's astonishment, and, indeed, fear, in the midst of them, urg ing them on, by his example and words, to try and save all they could. " Ab, Alervyn, so you are safe," he said. " I was sound asleep when a crash roused iu9, to eeo the flames bursting through the window, and to find myself half choked with smoke. Lend a band, Stephen, will you, to those men on the right? Nothing can save the house, I fear, but we must do the best we can. Are the horses Bafe, Jones?" he continued, turning to a mnn who came from the direction of the stables ; but before be could receive an answer hie attention was caught by the cry, repeated from lip to lip, "Air Treveilyn is not here 1" Guy Hastings eprang forward, his white face looking ghastly in the lurid light that fell upon it. " Percy Treveilyn not here?" he cried. "Follow me, men, without delay. The smoke and heat must have stupefied him— every moment may bring him death. Oh I Mabel my poor darling, how will you ever bear the nowe ?" he thought, as, at the head of a few men, he rnshed into the burning house. Halfway down the hall, he stumbled over the prostrate form of a man. Hastily bearing it into the open air, they found it to be the dead body of the poor fellow whom Stephen Alervyn had so cruelly sent an a false search. He bad doubtless discovered his mistake, and was retracing his Bteps to obtain fresh air, before making a second attempt to find, ae he hoped, the master whom he hid served so faithfully and truly for many a p.i9t year, when, exhausted by heat, and clioked with ths dense atmosphere, he must have dropped senseless, and been suffocated. One glance at the still face, and Mr Hastings, despair deepening in his heart, turned to the men. " I will givo you any reward you. like to claim, if you can save Air Treveilyn. We must go round and find some other entrance. That one is hopeless now ;" and he pointed to where the flames were raging, in the very spot they had so lately quitted. "Wo do not want i.ny reward, sir," one of the men said, speaking ne if for the group near him, " Gad grant we may yet save poor Mr Treveilyn," The words wero still on his lips as. ho turned nnd sprang through one of the drawing - room windows, wbero, ns yet, the fire had made no great pro gress. The rest followed him, but era they had crossed the room, a voice waa hoard, which Air Hastings recognised aa that of the man for whom thoy were seeking. " Tnis way, Percy," he cried, raising his own tones so ns to make himself heard in the confusion around; "try and make yo-sr way through M abel'e painting-room ; itouansiuto this one, nnd tho hall Is on fire. \Vhera are you? " he added anxiously, bs nq notloe was taken, of hie advice; " are you Lurt, Percy ?" Siill there was "ao answer, and the men | rushed on by tao way Air Hastings had | mentioned; but theirs&Tl; ' J uet Inside Alabel'a doorjl ' W the weight of maeonf upOL." '"mi Jay Percy Trevi . : broke J'om Air Hastings' lins"' A groau him, men, tnough I fear lifo is iJIelp.to raise huskily, as they dragged the broSi , 8 , off, and with great difficulty bore , body of the young barrister througli,5nsB burning drawing-room. As the group a?> in view,- a cbeer broke from tho lips crowd outside, heard faintly amidst the craS.9 ling of tho timbers, nnd the roar of the flamoi which had now, in spite of every effort, nearly wrapped the house in their fiery ouibr&ce-; bnt\ it died away as the crushed, bleeding,' and \ apparently lifeless form was laid down before them. " Thank God for onr eBcapel" Air Haetings said reverently, as the of the room they had just quitted fell in with a dull crash. As lie spoke, a gentleman, his nearest neighbour, drove up. xiaesfngs, now nas cms occurred ; HO asked ; " I had hoped Fernaide, at least, was safe; after all your precautions?" " No one knows as, yet," was the grava reply; "but I fear a heavier calamity threatens uir, Harvey, than the loss of my house," and as ho spoke, he moved aside to let his friend see to what he alluded. " Percy Treveilyn Injured 1 Thia is grievous, indeed," tho new-comer replied; "he had better be taken at once to my place; it is the nearest at hand; and lot one of your men ride over to the township for Dr Richardson, and bid him meet us nt Grcenhills ; ho will be there (should he be at home) almost as soon as onr- selves. This poor young fellow cannot travel quickly, you know. Have you managed to save any of the horaea and conveyances, Hastings ?" "I do not know as yet," the merchant re plied ; "my time, since I learnt Percy wns inisfing.has been wholly occupied In theeoarch for him, and it had only jnst ended in this sad way as you .drove up. We had better maka enquiries at once, ""he added, turning away as bo spoke, and followed by Air Harvey. To bis great relief it was found that tho tire had not spread ao widely as he hod feared, and that though the house and most of the furni ture were utterly destroyed, tho out-buildings, with the exception of the store-house, were but slightly injured. Giving orders to tha overseer to do the beBt he conld for the com> fort of the men, ond promising to return in the .morning, he setoff with Mr Harvey and poor unconscious Percy Treveilyn, to Ureenhilla, the residence of the former. Dr Richardson was waiting their arri val, and hie kind face grew grave as he exa mined tho injured man. " Can you give us no hope ?" Air Hastings asked; "Porcy Treveilyn is very dear to us. I should grieve for him as I should for one of III/ Unli BUilBi The doctor had known the Hastings' family for many years; and, like her father, had guessed that Mabel's heart was in the keeping of the young barrister; for ho had, when last at Lilydale, noticed the more than- admiration Percy had evinced for her. " While there is life there is hope," he said gently;. "I can say no more at present, Hastings. God grant he may recover, for I fear the blow would fall heavily at Lilydale." Mr Hastings understood the allusion. " Yes," he said sorrowfully, "it would go far, I think, to break Alabel's heart. Percy told me only last evening, as we were resting after the day's heavy work, that he had spoken to Alabel, and that she had promised to be his, if my consent were gained. I gave it gladly, for both her mother and I like him greatly, and believe that, humanly apeaking, our child's future would be a happy one with him. He ban the beBt of guarantees that he will make a good husband, Richsrdson, for Treveilyn is a true and aincero Christian." A. message for Air Hastings interrupted ths friends, and, leaving the room, the merchant found himself face to face with his overseer, whom he imagined to be busy at Fcrnside. " What brings you here, Alorris ?" he asked, in surprise. " Some bad news, sir," tho man replied gravely; "Air Alervyn has been found, quite dead, near the home-paddock. He was lying crushed beneath a heavy branch of a tree, which had caught fire, and must have iallen just as he passed under it." " Stephen Alervyn killed 1 how shall I tell his parents?" was Mr Hastings' Bhocked exclamation; " would that I had never sent him from town! poor fellow ! And only an hour or two ago, lie wns speaking tn me, and working ao hard to stay the fire." The overseer's face grew graver as ha heard his maBter'e words. "There ia worse ts tell you, Mr Hastings," lie Baid, and a strange re luctance was visible in his manner; "some thing that will shook and griovo yr.tl Ear moro than AirAIervyn's death. Could I speak to you where there ie no likelihood of anyone over hearing us ?" The surprise deepened on his listener's face, but no suspicion of what he was about to hear passed through his mind. "Come in here," wns ill he said, as ho opened the door of a room near them, "I scarcely know how to tell you, sir," tha "man began. "Do you know anyone likely to do you such an injury as to set fire to tha house ?" " To do it on purpose ?" ills master exclaimed. " What possesses you, Alorris, to ask me such a question ?" Again there was that strange hesitation, and then then the answer came, shocking Mr Hastings beyond description, "Robert Freeman is greatly injured also, sir, almost as badly as poor Mr Treveilyn. He believes he is dying, nnd has made a confession to me, which he solemnly declares to be true. Fernside was set on fire by Air Alervyn, and the outbuildings by Freeman himself. I-Io is very anxious to see you, and ask your pardon before be dice ; nnd has entreated me to come and ask you to see him." There was a pause, during which thought after thought passed through Mr Hastings' mind— thoughts of his endeavors to start Stephen in life ae kindly as though he had been hie own eon ; of the young man's anger at Alabel s rejection of him; for the merchant had been made aware by hia daughter of all that had happened, though no trace of that knowledge had been shown in Stephen's presence ; of his old friend's grief for his only son ; of the untimely death of that son him self; all passed in swift review before him, until he was at last aroused by hia overseer again speaking to him. "Will you come and see tho man, sir?" There could be but one answer to give; and as soon as might be, he was beside tho injured man. "How can you account for Mr Alervyn being where he was found ?" the merchant in quired, after Freeman had made a full con fession. "He was going to rejoin me," the man said faintly, "to pay me half the £20 I was to have from him. The remainder was to be sent to me on his arrival in Melbourne. Can you forgive me, Air Hastings ?" ho added, whilst an imploring look became painfully- visible on the drawn white face. " As I hope and believe my Saviour forgives me," Guy Hastings said earnestly, " I forgive you utterly; but, Freeman, seek a higher for giveness than mine, even that ofMu Master in Heaven." A faint gleam of wan face, and a whispered you, sir!" reached the merchantPto leave the HHQb ' Alany a weary day passed ore i"ercy Trevei lyn was pronounced out of danger; and it was not until winter wbb setting in that be wais . able, accompanied by Mrs Hastings and Mabel, (who had, on learning of the 'acci dent gone at once to Greenhills, and remained there on a visit to their old friends, tho Harveys), to return again to town. Before the spring had passed, one of the - prettiest and gayest weddings Alelbourne had Been for a long time took place at St Paul's, a church which had beheld Mabel christened, and where ehe had worshipped mony a year ns a child, nnd in later days, Eight brides mside, themselves as fair aB the snow-drops and violets they bore, followed tho briae, whoBe sweet, happy face lookol lovelior than ever, beneath her voiL and snowy wroath. Percy Treveilyn still bore in his fsca the traces of his long illness, but tho proposed voyage to Europe, ere settling down in the house Air Mr Hastings was having built for them in the prettiest part of Upper Hawthorn, would, it was hoped, restore him to all his old strength and vigour, Robert Erocman did not, as was believed must be tho case, die of tho injuries he had received from the fnlllng in of the vory out buildings he had helped to destroy ; but he was a cripple for lifs, -living on Air Hastings' bounty, ai'd truly repentant for his past evil life. Air Harvey, a hot-tempered, impetuous mnn, urgod Mr Hastings to prosecute him, but the never- varying reply met hia arguments in favor of "justice," " I forgave the man when we nil thought he wns dying, I cannot break faith with him now." There was another reason why Guy Hastings kept such utter silenco concerning the fire. He know thnt, even if he conld have brown his word, and sought to punish one on God Himself had already laid His linirtl. hAS could not h&Y9; flow SO brlpginEjH Stephen' M' vrD.'B nam® Rod deed into public notice. . " For,,a fhther's sake, I songht to advance hlmin''e>" f10 thonght ; "for that father's aake. I will still seek to shield him in Deh 1" E, A. O, 