So much has been said and written of late on the subject of taxation as regards this colony, that a statement of how the matter really stands will not, doubtless, be unacceptable to the people. The free-trade papers are never weary of telling their readers that this is one of the most unfortunate countries in the world for taxation, and that nothing else than a complete revolution in the system of raising revenue, or rather a determined cutting- down in the expenditure of the State, can save the people of Victoria from ruin. All this is, of course, urged in the interests of free-trade, and to damage protection; and we are bound to say—rude as our language may appear — that the writers and talkers of this sort of nonsense are not at all particular about confining themselves to the truth when working out their thesis. We have never hesitated to say that the expenditure of this colony could be reduced; and we are quite sure that when the time arrives that this can be done usefully and systematically, the present Ministry will do it most heartily, should they remain in office. But this is a very different matter to what we have in hand this morning; and, therefore, we pass it over with the one observation we have just made to show that although we have of late described the financial affairs of the State in such a manner, that at first sight it would appear as if we were satisfied with existing arrangements, our old opinions still remain, that savings can be made in the expenditure of the State, and that it is the duty of the Ministry to make them when the time is favorable for the purpose. The point we have to demonstrate this morning, however, is, that when free-trade papers and free- trade speakers complain of the taxation of this colony becoming heavier per head year by year, they talk of what they know nothing about, or indulge in deli berate misrepresentation; and we shall show the truth of this remark below in a manner there is no possibility of misunderstanding. For the real truth is, that the taxation per head, so far as it affects the whole community, has fallen off for years past, until it is now 40 per cent. below what it was in 1860. This extraordinary state of things—for ex traordinary it is in the face of the gross figures which the annual revenue shows, and the complaints of the free-trade party— arises from two causes, one being that a larger revenue has been derived in the mean time from land sales, railways, public works, post and telegraph offices, and other sources of the like kind; the other being that taxes have been put on which fall only on particular sections of the community, such as bank notes, the land, estates of deceased persons, and other matters of a kindred nature. There is no general taxation in these sources. Certainly the latter list re presents imposts falling on a class well able to bear them. But they do not affect the community as a whole; and it is only the community as a whole that needs to be considered in this connection. But waiving even tins point, the special taxes only amount to about £188,000 a year, in round numbers; and, therefore, if these taxes were added to the table we give below, the addition would not appreciably affect the position which we are demonstrating this morning. There has been a third cause, however, in operation to diminish the taxation per head during the last twenty years. That cause is the increase in the population, spreading payment of the taxation of the community over greater number of people. But even this element, while being advantageous to the individual taxpayer, has not increased the sum total. It has not even equalised the gross taxation in 1878 with that of 1860; as will be seen when the subjoined table is examined. We shall now give the figures to which these remarks refer; and it will be seen by the public how thoroughly they bear out our oft-expressed views, and how completely they extinguish all the nonsense, with regard to the subject of taxation per head, that has been of late offered by the free-trade parity. Ovstohe Bsviwuh is Proportion to Popc£itiok, 1860 TO 1878-9. 1860.„..„ 1861 1862 ... 1863...... 1861....... IB65_.„. 1866„„.. 1667....... 1858 18S9...„. .1870m 1871 -I faix months) C 1871-2.. . 1872-3.„„.„ 1873-4._.„...„, 1874- 5 1875- 5 1876- 7 1877- 8 : 1878-9„.......... 1,493.859 1586745 1,259,050 1.170,217 1,314,436 1,261390 1.148891 1,450763 1267,447 1,466682 1,322,856 704,849 1,555564 1,673,758 1,761.099 -1.628235 1,657,788 1,631,832 1.487,448 1,378,384 641,012 548,490 561,322 589,160 616,875 634,077 649,826 671222 696,942 709,839 1366331 762445 770,727 790492 ...80S.4S7 840308 860,787 879.442 It will thus be seen that whereas the taxa-. tion per head in 1860 was £2 15s 4Jd, and the gross receipts £1,493,859—in 1878-9, the former was only £1 lis 4d, and the latter only £1,378,884, thus showing a ! difference per head in favor of the tazpaj 1878-9 of £l 4a 0|d, and .in tin. sum of £115,475. Wharfage rates are, however, included in the rBtnrns and average for the • latter year, or the difference in' fovor of 1878-9, as agunst I860, would be ANOS still more.striking. .. We shalI, no doubt, be k told ja* that exclae w. excluded from the above enumeration.: But the sum received from this e aufaa source last year was only £36,808j 17s lid; andj therefore, very little : difference l would and" be made by its induBion. Now, what does orgmt, the above table sbdw, for .^e It remarked Dmmbm it is only CaBtomB and excise Jthat , represent the totation that is imposed iipon t»mae the {general community ? The reply is irary dear—firetiy, that the people ^of [Vic ad tons pwd :£l 4« 0|d 1ms per bead in l878-9 than in l860 i second^ thai the tendency all thi-on^h has been to diminish nd taxationper bead ratherthan increasa it; and, thin3ly,:that the people pfStfwless •per bead- in taution since tbB-prote^tive dnties were imposed r than they did under the free-trede eystsm. (Jerbdnly ther^ will be IBtheU an addition ,|Jijs..year. . fcmly be at lfae rate of^about^Ss per ^eacl;* and this Is ffloderedcseces^ by tbe cd lbs ExhibHian, the gBnBr^ dulnees of { In the f^'^n^.-iuMl tbe inability tbe^sdectora ^^ffsjip tbar T to l tiie ^.fdure flfS-Ethe j last ' iw jMnJmti^w^t _ ' " - i "'"ii '.* £1 Is JD$d lees taxation per head in 1879- 80, than they pud in 1860; and if this does not show that there has been a marked lightening of taxation per bead since the protective -duties were imposed, ttan m. Bhould veiy .much like to know w|od would have any mea. nli^. We need aay no more jost now an tiu ; s subject. above figures •peak ^.{or theht'selves, : and ^ we command liiem to the pnWk" attention. IF we understand the matter aright, the Water Commission has resolved to protest against any of the water reserves out at Bun garee being entered upon by tenants, purcha sers of the fee simpIe, or by any other class of people. All our readers are not, perhaps, aware that, for some time past, great efforts have been made to secure this land for agricultural purposes, the state ment being often put forward that it is a great mistake to allow so much good land to remain idle. This land, it has been con tended over and over again, could be made to yield a splendid crop every year, if "tickled with the hoe," and, therefore, it is a real pity to allow it to remain in a primeval condition. Numbers of people are ready to buy it or rent it; and why should they not have the opportunity to turn it to advantage? The Water Commission has had to battle very strongly against this idea. It has had—that is the idea—very strong and in fluential supporters, who have often been within an ace of pulling off what they desire, because they have positively refused to take no for an answer. They have pointed to the complaint of some of the neighboring farmers, that these reserves are great feeders for bush- fires in the summer, and, therefore, dangerous to their properties, as a very potent reason, in addition to the above, why their request should be granted. Altogether, the Water Commission has had no little trouble to keep these reserves together, so per sistent has been the effort to get them cut down to please a few persevering persons who wish to devote a large portion of them to agriculture. Now, it ia quite justifiable for the neighboring farmers to complain of these reserves being the home of the fire- fiend in hot weather ; and if they pressed for the Water Commission to leave such a large margin of ploughed up and unvege tated land in the neighborhood of their properties as would make those properties safe from fire, everybody would recognise the justice of their efforts. Everybody would have to admit that they were quite right in taking this course, and that it was the bounden duty of the Water Commission to give it a respectful and acquiescive hearing. But it is quite a different thing to make this complaint a pretext for getting the re serves cut down and leased or sold for culti vation, because a step of this sort would be most unjust to this centre. The effect of it would undoubtedly be to soil the water; and this, of all other things, must be pre vented at all hazards. Wherever agriculture is going on, certain substances present themselves which, however useful to the owner of the land, and valuable from an agricultural point of view, are certainly not good for what the reservoirs contain. These substances, however, would be washed into the reservoirs by the rains and consequent drainage, if this land were given over as desired, and the result would cer tainly be anything but good for the water. It would pollute the whole supply; and we are quite sure there are few things which the Ballarat people would like less to happen. Numbering as the population of Ballarat and its surroundings does some 50,000, their interests are surely to be studied before those of twenty or thirty persons; and the interests of the former in this case can only be studied by allowing the reserves to remain in their present state. The action of the Water Commis sion, therefore, in this case is a very proper one to take; and it is to be hoped that body will hold firmly to its decision. Mr D. Madden, solicitor, when passing along Albert street, the cross street west of the Roman Catholic bishop's palace, yesterday afternoon, about two o'clock, discovered alongside a fence the dead body of a man who had apparently committed suicide. The arrangements the deceased had made for his own execution were so simple as to be almost ludicrous but for their solemn effectiveness. The body was that of a middle-aged man about 5 feet 6 inches high, and respectably dressed, and it was lying partially on the ground, the head and shoulders only being raised by a handkerchief, which was passed round the neck and tied to the top rail of an ordinary post and rail fence. The legs were resting on the ground, but the man had succeeded in compassing his own death by strangulation even under these apparently unlikely circumstances. Mr Madden, immediately on discovering the body, gave information to the police, and they on searching it found nothing in the pockets of the clothes but an envelope, bearing the address, "Richard Hargreaves, stonemason, Barkly street, Brunswick," the envelope bearing the New Zealand stamp. Someone who saw the body partly identified it as that of a man named Dunn, recently the landlord of a hotel at Middle Creek, near Beaufort. The body was removed, to the Inkermann and Durham hotel, where an inquest will probably be held to-day. At a special meeting of the Ballarat East Board of Advice last evening, it was resolved to comply with the request of the Ballarat Ministers' Asso ciation to grant the use of the State schools within the district for religious instruction after the ordinary school hours. The feeling of the board was unanimous in favor of giving the clergymen every opportunity of imparting religious instruction, so long as the principles of the act were not interfered with, and as the chairman remarked, there was a desire to give the same facilities to all denomina tions alike, believing that by so doing all sections of the community would become stronger adherents to the act, and more fully recognise its benefits. A report appears elsewhere. The friends of the Ven. Archdeacon Potter will be glad to learn that he is slowly recovering from his late attack of paralysis, and was much im proved yesterday. Colonel St. John Hill, commander of the Tas manian Volunteer Forces, and private secretary to his Excellency Governor Weld, arrived in Bal larat by train last evening, in company with Colonel Anderson and Captain Bull. The party was received at the railway station by the officers the BalIarat Volunteer Rangers in uniform, and escorted to Craig's Royal hotel, where dinner was partaken of; the brass band of the B.V.R., stationed in front of the hotel, playing excellently well some of their best selections of music. Colonel Hill expressed himself much gratified with the courtesy and hearty welcome displayed by the B.V.R. officers. To-day the distinguished visitors will be shown the sights of Ballarat, and be the guests of the local officers. A most exciting smash occurred in Sturt street yesterday morning by the upsetting of one of Mr O'Hehir's conveyances loaded with lemonade, ginger ale, and other cordials, caused by the frac tiousness of a young horse, and by which the driver and an assistant narrowly escaped being killed. It appears that the animal in the cart, feeling the breeching on his hind-quarters going down the hill opposite the Mechanics' Institute, commenced to play up, and ran the cart against one of the footbridges, by which the vehicle was completely overturned, and dozens of bottles of cordials of all descriptions were shivered into atoms. The two men who were on top fortu nately had sufficient presence of mind to jump clear of the vehicle, which was only done by a few inches. The horse also was released without damage, but the cart will need some repairs. The City Council has determined to expend the sum of £700 in improving the Corporation Baths; and on the completion of the projected improve ments, it will take into consideration the desira bility of leasing the department of hot and hydro pathfaic baths, and retaining the swimming bath only under the direction of the council. Apropos i»T totiie swimmers at the bath, and In lastri novices in the natatory art. He wBl bejaSle, the newarrangetnenta, tocarryon theinatrueggn of boys, andothera letptng to swim, as jm intention of commonicsting with the department respecting the action of a member of the Javenue Exhibition committee in writing to die morning journals requesting the public not to hid against MrH. B. Caselli, who intended to purchase two allotments for the; erection .of a. museum. Hr Caselli accordingly'became "the purchaser, butthe Lands Department have now decided to annul th sale, and stop the transfer fh the grounds that th conditions of sale, were vitiated in preventing public competition. A jneeting of tbe Exhibition committee will be held this evening at the Mechanics Institute to disctus the matter.' fjmrarrow has been scratched for all his racing engagements. A committee meeting of tbe National Reform and Protection League, Carngham branch, was held at the Greyhound hotel, Soak* Valley, last Monday- The manifesto issued by the Central League was folly discussed, that portion relating to compulsory voting being Btrongfy condemned. The remainder was highly approved of. He league also e^tessetf its opinion that no confidence can be placed in the'Corner party or it* policy. A little giri, ramedLouisa Adarir; whoseporents reside in Lydiari street north, yesterday, when playing, -by Bome means was so unfortunate as to get a piece of slate-pencil into one other ears; The poor child suffered* very much, and was'ta&ea; to the Hospital to haw the pencil extracted, bnt the resident surgeon deemed It advisable to wait tifi the morning before performing aay operation for getting it ont. A communication was read at the City Countil meeting yesterday front the Under Treasurer, stating, on behalf of tbe Public Works Department, that when plans and specifications for the alteration of the gaol culvert were approved of, and a contract entered into by tbe council, payments from the sum votei by the Government fo this geeatly needed work would be- made direct to the contractor on the certificate of a Government officer. The mayor reported that immediately on the receipt of the letter he Had given instructions for the instant preparation of plans and specifications for • the work, that no-time might be lost in effecting the improved drainage prior to the advent of the hot weather. The action of the mayor wasat once confirmed, and it will he seen that there is now every probability of the .greatly needed fan> provements at that bete noir of She residents in neighborhood of Mr Mngee'a establishment—tbe gaol culvert nuisance—being effected ic a short tune. i The following is tbe form of the proposed amended 6th clause of the Government Reform> Bill as drafted by the Attorney-General:—" Notwithstanding the 'rejection* of an annual appropriation bill or of a consolidated revenue bin bythe Legislative Council, and in the event of such -'rejection,* then, on the adoption By the Legislative Assembly of any report from the committee of supply containing ^ resolution that any sum be granted to Her Majesty, such sum shall become egally available for and applicable to the service or purpose mentioned in such resolution, and may be issued accordingly out of the consolidated revenue, anything in the 55th section of the * Constitution Act' to the cbntrary notwithstanding: Provided alwaysihat the * rejection' of any audi bill may be held to have taken place for the purrases of this section npon any such bill not harin ieen passed by the Legislative Council within one month after its transmission from .the Legislative Assembly unless Parliament be sooner dissolved or prorogued." : - A comlnittee was formed last' evening to meet and earn ont the arrangements in connection with Mr Burnett's farewell services in Ballarat. Promises . ojf support were given by several persons, and altogether there is every likelihood of these, services being enthusiastic and snccessfnl. Particulars will be, advertised in afew days. ,. An attempt at burglary was' made early yesterday morning, at the premises of the Occidental Loan Office, Sturt street, which was only prevented by one of the servants bang aroused by the noise made by the burglars forcing au entrance by the laundry door. On giving the alarm to the jroprietor, Mr Sydney Abrahams, he at once armed limself with a revolver,and went in search of the ruffians, but tbey had apparently been scared away by the servant girL Some months.ago it was determined by the City Council to remove the fence from round the most easterly block of the Start street gardens and to kerb the footpath roand it. The work has remained in abeyance, but on Councillor Claxton enquiring at the City Council yesterday as to when it was to be done, he was informed that plaus and specifications for the work would be shortly drawn up. • The handicaps for the Ballarat Handicap, Cap Steeplechase, and Hurdle Race are published in another column. A meeting of St. Paul's Mutual Improvement Association was held in the schoolroom on Tues day evening, about forty-six members' bong pre' sent, and the Bev. W. Kildabl (president) in die. chair. After the routine business had -been dealt with, five persons were elected "as members and three others nominated for election. Readings on varions "subjects were given by Messrs Cartwright, G. Ludbrook, Bev. W. Kildahl, and W. Walker, which were ably criticised by those present. ..Recitations by Messrs Reece -and Owen, "The Spanish'Champion" and "Brutus on'the death of Cesar" respectively. Song by Miss E. HalL The recitations and singing were veiy fairly criticised, and.ajhearty vote of thanks waa e passed separately to each speaker, who returned thanks for the appreciation ahown by tbe meeting The programme for next meeting night will be impromptu speeches. ? It had teensuggested to the City Council that a t conference of the City and Town conncils shonld be held at an early date, to take into consideration the desirability of levying a license for all produce l being hawked about tbe streets of Ballarat and Ballarat East; bnt at the meeting of the council yesterday, in consequence of the necessity of approaching so important a matter with deliberation, it was postponed ".till the canncil ia in a position to deal with.it/" ""The anniversary of the Dawson Street Baptist Church Sunday-school was celebrated on Tuesday evening by a tea and public meeting. Tea was laid in the schoolroom, and .was partaken of by about 800, 200 of whom were children. Tea was presided over iy the lady teachers and several of the senior class. After tea a public meeting Was held in the church. A panoramic exhibition of " Uncle Tom's Cabin" waa given by the Bev. J. Walker. Tbe views were ail of a very large size, and were -shown with great clearness. This and tiie proficient and careful mariner'in which the views were explained made the exhibition: a most enjoyable one, the whole of proceedings passing off in a very satisfactory manner. 'The rev. lecturer also gave an able sketch on Mrs Stowe's wellknown work of many interesting incidents connected with it. The proceeds- will be devoted to the school fund. Visitors to the Lake and Gardens will do well to leave.any canine appendages they may be in the habit of wearing, at some locality remote from Wendouree. as, in consequence of the complaints made of-dogs swimming in the lake, the City Council has instructed the police to prevent the nuisance in future. The scholars of the Sabbath school of tbe Ballarat Town Mismon held their annual treat as the Botanic Gardens on Tuesday last, and a most enjoyable time was spent; notwithstanding tbe rather unfavorable state of the weather in the morning. The young people, numbering aome 300 or 400, were conveyed to and fro ID the five buses of Mr Wellington {who most obligingly refunded the charge made) and several delivery vans. The usual outdoor sports were freely indulged in, aa well as trips on the lake in Mr Ivgy's Queen and other smaller boats.. The Mission committee are extremely thankful for the handsome and ready assistance given by its numerous friends. It is, perhaps, unnecessary to add that this public institution baa, through its various channels of usefulness, taken a flrmhold on^the public sympathy, and become a puolic - necpjaity, by doing .a kind o work not otherwise' reached. The school, like the other branches of the Mission, is ipaMng good progress. Its present average attendance of teacbera and scholars is no less than about 275. The celebration of the anniversary of. the 'Mechanics* Institute Vocal Society took ptaceoa ^Tuesday night last, when Mr J. G. Lennox, «on-, doctor of the society, became the recipient of sn elegant silver-mounted baton,-presented on behalf Ot the rociety. by Miss Sherloti, the society's pianiste. . The. baton hears the following inscription i—Presented to j. G. Lennox; Esq, by the members of the Mechanics' Iu« titate Vocal Society. Ballarat, ltth November, 187a" ' AcaKBpanyitig the haton was an elegant address, by -Mr Wilson, eeiretary of the society; on behalf of tbe members, in' which „jras expressed the goodvrill- aad 'well wishes of each toward "Mr Lennox, their able and highly-esteemed condnctor. On reoeriing' tbe presents, Mr Lennox, in a fefer 4relKeho«en remarks, foc&inglyresponded;, thanking tbe members .for their kind presents wid 1 -feeling towsrda.him, adding that even in after years they weaM always remind him of the many .happy eveaiags spent to gether. The remaindsr of the evening waa spent Irom^-the este^^iBsrait^S'^Sir '^^^' S s jeweller, _ of _ .. of whirh reflect great ccedit aa Theteaanc 1 rablic meetlng id support of the Bible (%riaUan Tictoriaii 'Miariona at Waterhates,- Wthe botid» in cdebratkin Sot ^ie Prinre of ^^^T^O^yr^rere^«srs"«accs*kM. r Tba way the» |a . thirteen ytJuclea. i;A' wav laid out hy Meadasuea Hall, Tdfn-^lfluden, Wsjlia. aiid- T.-Mhw,'and graciously djjpmjed to was mWfCSi^KafCsissat• T - ' voted to the chair at the public meetm^ and nn^ able addresses were delivered try hi'/- «« Revs. Teagae and Cory. Mm Ponded efficiently at tbe harmonium. The rotes of thanks were entrusted to the skilful of Messrs Moreom and ChesselL Theflpauces liberally supported. All seemed wdl pleased e their holiday and entertainment. : ' • e Our looal correspondent writes'*—"The season of anniversaries hax again come ronnd, and norwhere is tbe timeiaileiwith greaterpleaaure ' than in the once buiy hut now ' cod, sequestered' village of Sapoleons. It is at this time that -old friendships are renewed, and many whose fami were born and reared in Napoleons visit those spots 'to memory dear.* An opportunity for the gratification of these tender feelings wiB soon arise, and the annual visitants wi> be as warmly welcomed as of yore to the anniversary which will be held at Napoleons, in the Congregational Church, on Sunday next, the Kth instant. The Bev. 3. Walfcer will preach' in the morn-" ing aad afternoon^ and Mr Bailie will' officiate in the"6venitfg. On the fidlowingTues&y; the tea meeting (to which tfee" absent friendr^BlrayB gather) will take plase. Addresses wfflle deiverad by several rev. gentlemen, and collections will'be made in aid of tSe fnuds of the church. I trust to see many ot oer friends from BaHarat, with their well-lined pones, visiting us, as usual, and contributing, by tb^r presence and practical sympathy, to support the only church now open "in this village, and-which bat for outside assistance would have veryTiard times-indeed." : The esthnates of' the^; Cfty- CJbnn^al, given in oar line yesterday, morning, were accepted .at tfi* Beieting of- that body yesterday, and- steps will be taken in due course to have tile-works mentioned* ! therein carried out. J r We have been requested by tfe secretary of tbe Orphan rpbsn 'Asylum Aaylum to acknowledge- acknow&dge-; the receipt of jBOi m donation from tbe Bbn. P. Russell, o Cangfaam, to the funds of tha*inatitntioo. Owiag to the illness of Mr Lawrence, the meeting of ds Ballarat Amateur I^*natic Society is indoflmtdy postponed. At the Town Police Court yesterday, Mayor Scott presided, and dealt with one-drunkard. _At -the City COurt, Messrs King, Hidcman, Ham, and -. Macaw, J.P., presided, and deaUtwith three the- drunkards. At Chases tho committee of the Gsand National 9iow . met at Wiles' CHub hotel yesterday, and dealt iritb a large amount of corre»3B»Sence referring t» various' matters connected with the show. There were present—Mr Drife; president; and Messrs Conndon, Preston, Sloan, Btey, -John Nicholson, Tarnbull, Carter, Robinson, Ghapman, M'Kinnts, and Applet^. The balanoo-sheet of receipts and expenditure' showed the former to total JS2176 Sd, made up of tickets esS £450 donations, £370; fates, JE381 is 6d; Government grant, JE93&; other sources,'X145> The eapenses were representedby—Debit balance'frbm St May, JE150-; prizes awarded, £1220; yards extension, &L;, printing, salaries, mussa, interest, &c;, amounted to £380 10s 4d, making a total of £3380 16a 4d, leaving a • debit balance of £114 fialOd.. It was pointed outBtlhe meeting tbat a 'debt of £150 existed at the^ebmraencement of the society's financialyear in Ma that g the purchase of the extra gronnd would represent Mout £115, which, with the present debit shown in the statement of £111 5s lOd, would total £229- 5s lOd. This' result was considered satisfactory in view of the debt at the year's commencement, and the value of the assets in the shape of yard improvement and additions? In the meantime aa animated discussion took place 8840 tha best means ot meeting financial requirements, particularly as ttf the purchase of 'th^ additional yards arena. Ultimately, it was resolved — "That a financial. statement be printed, and that circulars be sent to every personsigning the promissory note, stating the position of the' society, abd asking to be" allowed to retain the sum of £2 ont of die promissory notes due 4th January, 1SS0." - Messrs Bobinson,. Appleby, Chapman, Conndon, and the president were appointed a aab-committee to cany out the resolution. It was also resolved—" That tbe society's thanks be accorded the members foi the district for their exertions in securing the holding of the Grand National Show at Chines." A number -of accounts were presented, and progress payments agreed to, subject to supervision of the finance committee. The meeting to initiate a farmers' union was postponed till, a future date in view of the advanced hoar. Professor Thomas delivered bis lecture on " Phrenology'' in the Neil Street Wesleyan Schoolroom last night, .to a largb and appreciative audience, and judging from the frequent bursts of applause everyone was well pleased, especially with the practical portion. There were 250 persons present, about a dozen of whom had their heads manipulated at an interval in the lecture. Miss Wilson and Messrs Payne and Hosken sang some very nice solos," and were heartily applauded At the conclusion of the second part ef tbe lecture Mr Fletcher moved and Mr M'Kenzie seconded a vote of thanks to Mr Thomas, Miss Opie, the singers, and Mr Cargeeg (the chairman) which was carried unanimously. We are informed that good progress is bring made with the rehearsal of the music for production on the occasion of the concert in aid of the fundB of St. Paul's Sunday Echool. Anew feature in connection with this entertainment will be the rendering by the school choir of two pieces of music which they are practising, under the direction of Mr Bailey, the organist. The committee . are making every effort to make the entertainmen a most attractive one. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Commercial Clnb will be held this evening at eight o'clock. A meeting of persons favorable for . forming a branch of tbe farmers' Union at Tendon will be held at Mayo's hotel, Yendon, next Saturday evening, at eight o'clock. A lecture will be given this evening. at eight, in St.. John's Schoolroom, Soldiers* Hill, by the Bev. R. Johnson Mercer, who wiU take as his subjec "The Relation of Man to the Lower Animals." Admission will be free, but a collection will be made in aid of tbe purchase of a new bookcase for the-&nnday; school. The committee of the Ballarat Hospital held its usual monthly meeting last night, when some routine business, which will he found detailed else where, was transacted. Tbe crews of Messrs Hogan and Baylee, in con nection with the Ballarat City Bowing Club's scratch matches, will rew off their. heat to-night after which, M'Naugbton's crew meet Mountain's. The final heat will be rowed to-morrow night. The members of the crews pulling are particularly requested to be at the boatshed as soon after s as possible. Nothing fresh (says tbe Bendigo Independ has transpired with referenceto the strike. However, it is thought that now the strike is virtually ended, that the directors should meet and order operations to be re-oommenced forthwith. Alsoib is stated that in those claims where the men were ' fre-engaged a few exceptions were made, the pla of someof tbe old hands bring filledby others. 'During the cross-examination of Henry Milla^ one of the fortunate St. Mungo tributors, at the Court of Mines, .Sandhurst, on Monday («ays-the Beadigo Independent), Mr MacDertnotC, wh the witness in hand, was interaogating him about the capital he had invested, when-the latter-informed'the counsel that he had not -inwestedanjv the applianops for working : having to be paid for out of tbe profits. "Ob, but yon. must have had capital,", said the counsel, "labor is no uae without capital." "It is here," tritelji obaerved Mr Strickland; who was on the other side. " Oh, nonsense/' replied Mr MacDermott, " there must be capital, or we would soon degenerate into a lot of aavages." " That must account for-yonr being so savage, then," said Mr StricklKnd, amidst laughter, " for you've had so capital these two months." The -witness was releasedafter that. A retain (says the 4^«)iwM laid aa. tbe- table f of the Legislative Council on Tuesday opening, giving a list of all the bills' drafted, or iit the cess of drafting,'.during the last eighteen months, by persons other tiwnofficers of the LuwBepartmeat, the nime of the draftsman in eat&case;, and 'tin amount paid toeach. Tile following were the draftsmen, and amountof feespaid :—P.G, Duffy, Assembly Elections, 5878, £182 Ss Sd;. U. A. H'DonneU, to Amend- the Process, Practice. • and Mode of 'Pleading, and to Improve the Jtarisdifc. Uoi) of the Supreme Court of 'Yftotoria, and to "Erect a New Primaqr Court of Appeal, «M& to U ; G. Worthingtoa, to Einpoww the Melbohrae and Hobson's Bay United Railsaay Company to Sell to Govranmeat, £86 16s ed^ T. K Wabb, to Provide forDrainage of Sebastapol and Baltarat fbttaan, JCTS'lZk; J. B. Greaorv, Local-Cfamnment Act Amesdmentv £144 Mi 6d; J. G- Bafy, -Civil Service, fs; .3". W. Bogers, UisiagLaws Amendment, £107 12s 6dj B. T. Hughee, Land Tax Act Aaamdment, lis. Ttw Mlowing fees have alae been paid jservutes xoadeied in the preparation, of .the bills apecitod ;_T. B. Wihon, to Consolidate asd Amend the I«ws Be- to Public Healthy£75; T. A. Keene, -laftng tcrian Ou Company*a Regulation, £76. Ramon (says the Denalla corre^ondent of the regarding thfeKrilya aaaffi fniquent, and all paint to the gawil belief that tte gang is near at hand, and may tobeard of aay daso llie inpreaslon here 4a that it woald be adviMble to «aaao»cth>>Wwlttraokera of Benalla,uA tare themqatetly aocreted iaaome placeoidy'kaawn to tteuri&MitNB.;—Aaa for&er; proof in aupjaat of tiie awettran -thatthe Ke&y; «aag are (till ja the -North-^iSastem district, 1 (Alexandra oomspenaent olthe maymen- • • • - • -'L • •-• j fi^ of his having ^ tioniof a month, tfeeatening iTtt^, 4116 mwmer that if he did they wonla .v° Mt tertnl vayirat opportunity, prounsb; and said notifeg of tte ke PtS lies month had elapsed, whef he rmit ""a™ mous letter enclosing tw»\£K 111 Woov. of New South wSSf « tte having so faithfully adtaSSSg, 1 Hie November term ordissrv the Melbourne Dnivemty wfll wm^L ® 51 " 0 ' in Age) on Monday next, l/thlS^Th * ^ ingis aliBt of the subjects :-Monfav ^ro8oir - to noon: Jnnior Greek, senior Grta* iilT^® sjs. international law, descriptive and^ST 140 ®, (wrttteBX theoqr and p4tice of mechanics. One p.m. to four n m. f 1^ senior. Latin, Soman law^genenj^"^ ^lyaiology and pathology, l»w 0f ™««»«r1 mathematics I. Tuesday-Nine a m ^ ' ^ Lower mathematics, English CMn: Uterature, mixed mathematics Tp^6 «>4 tionri law, law of procedure, matem^^surgery Qne p.m. to f?ur p ^ " ^ mathematics, history of the BntbA parts Land H,law of propatie.robsto^?' cine; ? Wedneeday-nine^ chemistry .and - botany, advsassd mathematics far^l- 1 dne; one p.m. to four p.^ DrfSST 0 ?^ inducti ve logic, praetieal menswaUon! mil jdrawingaaddescriptere geometry, civUeS? 1 Thuiriay—Na» ajn. to f P0«tical ecoBomy, deseriptiw anT® 8 sdnnced surveying« pjB. to fonr nwntary natural philosophy, advanced philosophy, p&iealm;^i^descri^"^ g«al anatomy (oral, Fridaylr' noon: ^Medtcil chemistry,, anatomy by Sj™' SmgiCTl operatnnr;. onepu». to fotlrpT!7^0I1, '' parstive anatomy and analogy, i palsontology, cSnieal suigesy; siS' P-m. to four p.m. Pracfe^stemS' The Telegraph regrets- toaay that ft. a,, whi^tapt Mr Serviee from, itte,^^"' aemhHrlastWB^ataioontinuesu TbeluD^^ man suffering^from a btonciwIZf" which bas temporarily,deprived, him of theS his voiae. The d u n u A - ~ 01 ; attena^S-to his pubKo duties ft, a^,?? This beiag so, the Sfpositiou os Tue^ ™ matter of; prudence and converter.*, tA' appointedifr Francis-aaieaderdu^S The Maryborough correspondent of the A m. says that the two mens- Smiles and Blake. charged at" the Maryborough Peiase Cmrt » Tuesday * naming "with having stolen gaUI JS S 1 ^ Qa , eea ' e (WpT -Goldsbrough,-. y; to the value-of £200. The iibS having been reperteS to the police hare, thev vl on the alert, and Sergeant- Eabey haraw hew? that a stranger had offered gold for sals at Abt about; three mUes from, here, sent ComuS JI'Bride to scour tbe bush between that nlsoeMS Talbot. The constable overtook two swam^n ii Adelaide Lead,-OBe of:whon»wben called Sby tU constable, dropped his-swag, and endeavored to make off in an opposite direction. The aonstuble secured the-two men, and -upon examing the spot where the swag, had been - thrown, discovered i lump of gold and a complate set of skeleton ken.' Smiles was remanded to Dnnolly. He stated tit Blake had nothing to do with the robbarrbut that - prisoner was* charged with having Aeletc® ': keys in his possession, and was remanded fori week. On Tuesday (eays-the-jf?.' C. News) s;coniim. .ment of 250 salmon trout passed by rail through Stawell, consigned to Dhnboola. It ib intended to give them their liberty, in the Wimmera Hirer which at that parfictdar portion affords- peculiir facilities for- tbe propagation of fish.NearDimboola there is a large waterhole, about eight milei in length, and having, a fair average breadth, aad into this the fishwill be pieced immediately opoa their-arrival at their destination. During the celebration of the Prince of-Wales' birthday at Echuca (writes the correspondent of tbe Age) excursions -to tba Moira Lskes, a diitaace of abont forty-eight miles up tbe river, were niiie by several of the riversteamers, one of whichmet with an accident oa hen return journey. By-wme mismanagement the steersman, in endeaToring to bring the boat between two centre pillara ct thc large iron bridge,, brought the steamer fall tilt against one of them,, the concussion being severe owing to thecurrent being strong there. The. result was tbat one of: tbe paddle-boxes vti store . in, stopping the machinery. The psssengen,seme 250, were all-more or less shaken and frightened, and expected every second to go down. The noiie , ef the collision was- distinctly baud at the vharf, and boats put out immediately to render assistance. By this means- the steamer vas tosred to her moorings. It has? been reported to tbe police that a boy named Gudgeon, who was kcown ts be on board,- is-missing, and he has not been discovered up to the time of closing the mail SetenJ of the ladies fainted. The following list of entries for the Smeiton - ^Exhibition will, give (says the Crtswick Advzli t satisfaction, and-show that the society eostaini its well-earned prestige;—Draught stock, 82;.blood stock, 165; cattle, 152; sheep, 85; swine, 42; poultry, 117;. dairy produce, 115; machinery, 83; implements, 47.;. buggies and harness, 48 j .needle work,SO ; flowersand plants, 118; garden produce, 48; dogs, 125. Total, 1201. The usually quiet village of GleDorchy ise been thrown" into a state of excitement (says the P.V. iVetra) by the intelligence that the remains of a human being had been found in the bush not far t distant bom the township.From the particular! which have come to hand it appears that on Monday last Mr Do jdrell, who owns a selection in the parish of Warrauook, about sevea miles from Glenorcby,.reported to Mounted-constable Eesly that on the previous day he bad discoveredhumin bones in a lonely part of his selection. Constable - Healy- at once proceeded to the spot, and found Mr Doddrell'S statement to be perfectly correct. There was lying: on the ground the skeleton of > \- man—the skull,, thigh bones, and other portiosi being complete, the backbone alone being missing. The remains bone the appearance ot havingheen disturbed, evidently by cattle ct some otba animals,, and close to the spot vhere the skeleton waa found, which was. about -three- ix Suartara. of a mile from the Horsham telegraph, road, there were picked up,ieverel arfccla belonging ent) to the unfortunate wayfarer, woohad ecidBntly met with a fearful daath. A lugesized tin matchbox, which held two pairs of spet tacles and two knives, was discovered, while t? the Bide of the bleached remains.were also fom» twelve shillings in silver coin*. There mu«wpicked up. a peculiar shaped meerschaum pipe,, ces* which perhaps may be useful ia discovering toename of the being tbat has perished. A silkhand" kerchief, wjuch was (me of the articles found neu the- bones, was in an excelled state of P® 3 ™"" tinn. Soxdnebas been obtained, sohr*»«»i leant, o had aa-to whose remainsthsse can b^ altnosg" many surmises have been made.. As far ^nraj • a comer on the roads xportedto theWi® ' constable stationed there atithat time that Maw observed a man running naked about tneonw dose to where, the skeleton was found, Mi "- thoo^Jhi search was made fspthe suppoeetf he waa. not to be seen. A pair of retn»^«"J mad»ri»es was also foncdnear the tone%*i»™ may possibly assist in thsw identification. Tasdng an attorney's MB of costs (reoirt«j?f e,«2£>ot Advertiser) is set always proflt»K. the taxation of a billot! ousts anent the tu Albert street, the original totalof £T24s ld, the amouciof the taxing ITj eatur.was £67 lis«d—the reduction the client being £4 ; but the clwnrs costs of the taxatioa, amount to from '" ^ BO tbat it will cost Sm about 40s for every ™ gatoff. -.-•-• 