feaMto, SOME RURAL ASPKOTS OF CANADA. EoitlLlile in Canada oinnot (all to be of Barp**4ir.g fn(er6?k tt> muy wbmo lot Iμ io be oast iu the D>minl'>n. What tbe writer tnom upon tUia eolijeet. may be ialerr^il from 11;o fact ol bis having the experience of a ten year>' reildence In Canada, a dcoadd of varied fortunes and etprii oonteft with ths Titans of a new conntry. Toll and, bat too frenaoolly, SUappolntment. ? , ? Though muoh of the former- has besn bia share, bis rewar.ls have jiot been wanting, in difficulties mattered and hardships braved. Usually, apdor proper maaagsment, tills war of the Titinl, wljioh is aver waged in Canada sgainst each m'oney- laoktng inoomer, resolvei itselUntoa'n inteatlne conflict between the two, giant Olsappoiontmeat yielding to giant Toil. And lo I.before the redoubled strokes of tbo doughty champion, barn andshanty Vise into being, green acres'and billowy grain stretching- away to the limits- of. the primevaliforeat 1 " loame,lsaw, loonqasred," might aptly, serve' for the mottoof' many a hardy settler whose" advent was sang by all the. dolorona mlsgiringi ol grim poverty. Not so long ago; and Upper Canada—sinos the confederation'of the provinoei in 187 C, known aa " a wilu of pin*-trees, and; swamp-cedar. Wolves' sang ohorns to tbe rustling of the antnmoal loaf; the rustic sheep/otd was : with difflenlty gonrded from the sinewy arms ot brain, : the grim Canadian- ogre. 'Tons it ia| yet in the far-outlying eettle'inents j bat thue- is it not in the snug and smiling-- hamle'ta of Ontario proper, comprised at its boat, within tbe-peninsula formed'by the great lakes Erie, ' Ontario, Superior, and Huron.' Famous names are those ; and the story, of weighty and pathetic, deeds has been lisped by tho wavelets or thundered by the waves of this chain' of Great Waters'. ?? By the banks of Superior, PA re Marquetto, with hla confraternity of. Jesuit mlsiiionarles and martyrs, moved long long ago;, his bonet have but recently been discovered, together with oertain interesting arobire's pertaining to tho missions amongat tho Indians.. Like Superior is so longer shutout from aivilisa tioni its mighty breast heaves beneath the keels of ? a eohooner-iorvioe by no moans contemptible j whilst a fleet of steamablpa during the summer months pftseel, north wards as far as Thundor Bay, the starting point for the newly created province of ainnltoba.' . Plaoejgrourself now with yonr guide, kind reader, in Toronto, the metropolis of On tario, ore -wo set out together in searoh of some quiet retreat whore Canadian Hodjra —if his existence be not ne problomatioil as that of grifiln and unicorn—may be seen in t is own native retreat. ? "All aboard for the West 1" You start rudely from tho perusal of your morning papor; tbo gentleman Bitting opposite you, iirmetlwith tooth-piokand guide- book, doeg tbe same. If you have not been invoiglod into conversation with your nelghbodr—it you havo not been beguilod into revok ing name,' podigreo, and ocoupatioo, depend upon it yoar neighbour is not in fault. Ko Canadian be; a rogular " Dowh-eastor," you can tell at a glance. Your insnlar nnlkiness has for once protested you; Kcjoioe and be thankful 1 '? All aboard for the West 1" onoe more. Delay no longer, it is the driver of tbe oonveyance who has come to convey you to the railway station. Alt hotels ol ths least pretension in Canada own theae conveyances, ever at the servioe of the gaests. Canada ia tbe land ol light car riages and small tough, horses. The station is readied. The oars are not likely to be "on time;" take your ease while you may. Toronto has vary fine railway station*, and the faoilitlei for proourlng refreshments are better than in most English cities. Distances, however, boing so great ?n,d olimatiu hinder ances to common, the railway system in Canada lacks tbe traditional punctuality of its European dousin. . Here sbe comes 1 A anorling, a ringing of a big bell, thu blowing ol a deep-monthed whistle, the rasping of ponderous brakes s?alnsttho tires, andtheoareoome toastand still. A moat sepulohral-voioed affilr is this Canadian railway whistle. Your luggage is given in charge of a very oivil oQloinl, who, with an air worthy of the Graud Mogul, gives you a " oheque" in exchange j and you Htep " on board. free from hamper and witli mind rnlieved from all auxiety. One featare this in Canadian railway management worthy to be oopiod by officials nearer home. The oars not being divided into oompartinonts as in England, roolal intereonrse is enooaraged if not compelled. loed water during the hot season is at hand ; and boys traverse :the entire length oljthe train vending poriodioals, daily papers, sweets, and oigars. 01 ooarse smoking is oonfined to the smoking depart ment, although tbe prohibition isnot always observed. Very muoh to obaerve there always is in travelling by rail, peculiarly 'so to the newly arrived residbnt in Canada. We how evor, must onwards, having at present to deal with the pba.es of settled life.. . . At the station to which you have booked,' a " stage" Iβ waiting; you arrange your luggage on it, and enter the hotel close at hand. . Nothing is done here without due rofreehmont. That a train will meet a atngoooach at iv certain point, is a fiction. The train will some time or other reaoh the point, no doubt; the ntago sooner or later will be forthcoming; but precision is never thought . of in travelling. So entirely different is the Canadian at home and in. business Iroin tlio Canadian en voyage, that you fall to recogniao in him tne same person. Perhaps it is better upon the wholo thus. In transition by boat or rail from one point to another, whilet the one vortex of bu?y speculation is in process to be exchanged for another, ehopld not the mind bo euffdrod to relax, rather than be kept struug in tension, as is the wont of Englishmen P Yon havo se.y forty miles to travel by stage, and have now the opportunity to Burvey the prospect, and' form your first impressions oC tbo rural aspeots of the country. Tho season is August, and getting towards soon,' Shaded as you are from the fiercest heat of tbo Ran, you yet'find tbe air oppressive. Clouds of dost aria'e around and about you, covering your clothes with an impalpable white powder, for the rock formation Jβ limestone. . tTpon tho right and upon"' the loft are dense masses of treos, with here and .there a clearing. The foliage Is of tho moet varied.dceorip tion. Tue maple, most graoeful of North Ameriosn trees, ?tends In gronpe of a dozen or io, enlivening the landscape with tbe gor geous colouring for which it ia turned; not so gorgeous however, as will he its- die play in two months to corns, when, daring the.brief Indian'summer, tree and aorab via with' eaoh other iv exposing hues of unex, ampled msgoifloonoo. Being Aaiinat, the BwarmH ol moiqnltoes rising iv front beforo the steady tramp of the horses, form blaok olouda ol aulmwted malevolenoe. Grass hoppers mount upwards in ooreys whose shrill olamoars may be heard.miles away, Tho whip- fly is cracking its wiags ; ths ball toad ia crooking in barah guttural aoconts from the swamps that line. the highway. Besides the evergreen' maple, jott may re mark the pine, typical of the New Dominion, overshooting iall tbe pnnter fraternity. Beeoh is plentifully interspersed ;'whilst thearo maiie cedar gives a ebaraoter peculiarly, Canadian to the swamps. This tree is put to many naefal parpeses of utility in Oreat Britain. Split up into lengths, It serves for raile for fenoing, whilst it is a staple material in the household for the'lighting of fires. Hemlook, nearly as common as the oedar, is applied as a anbstitate- lor oak-bark, iv the tanning ol leather. ?'-: 1 ?:? i'-i ??'~,..?'.: There would be a ssmoness alosely trenoh of timber extending upon each hand, bat for the great oharred spaces marking the traok ol loiae fIM, There ttand tk? lofty trnake, ohaneJ ynt an/?Uon, stre'.ebing spectral arms over the tingled under,rrowlh beneath. Many have (alien, and Uβ interlaced or broken, whilst clamboring vine or grasefal fern and rxioge h&vo; coated the prostrate mon* arch with verdure. In the truck of the bush firee, raspberry pV.ohfa epring no, covering Tlimo- -wild raspberries nre marketable, indeed in polal of fl*?onr to those of domestio culture. At IbU season the road* dangerous rul?, as in the late Fall, when the ground U frozen but no eno.r liaa a> yel fallen. Snow, tbo great levellor in more senses than one, ia always weloome in winter.'' Your journey U sot enlivened a< it ia in the old oonntryj by many: feathered friends. Daring tho heata of August, birdi remain ooneealed in the deptba of the bnah ; but such a< you chance to >cc ranst arrest attention by the brilliancy of their plumage. The fire.-bird Is a> perfeot beanty with its flamy-hued feathers. Tho humming bird, transient 'Visitor from southern clime's, glitters with all the sheen of the rainbow. Bat the most common ol Canadian birds is the robin, a bird mneb larger than its Eng.- Hsh confhft, and oapable of some very fair vocal essays.; 'A. good pet bird too, becoming ? very tame."'.: . r ??,? : ~-? : --?: ..-.:. --.-.. ?? , Beyond that bend in the road lies the vil lage of £—? —, and eoaobee blows bis horn, by . way of announcing you in beoomlng style. You near it ; tbe horses are whipped up so as to exhibit their very best paces, and you pull up before the little tavern. Ton are tired 2 ooaohes is tired; the horses are tired, . and nobody save yourself has a thonght ol sentiment; but whilst seated at your frugal tea, you may, from the windows of your hos telry, indulge in many a romantic reflection. ' How long is it since this pretty village, grow into being? Has yon gently, gliding stream ever borne upon its bosom tbe canoe 61 the Bsd. Indian 7 Were look- soalping and tomahawking amongst the items of the brgone current history of this quiet spot? You droim ol Hiawatha, and the gallant Brant, feeling yourself in a new and unexplored atate of being. Hiawatha is a flotlon ;' 'but Brant, moat noble of Indians, in all probabllty.trod-this very neighbour hood ; and such a thing aa ? tomahawk may have been unearthed only a'day ago. A. real Indiin pipe is usually to be had for a trifle, and beaded and embroidered mocassins con ned the present with the past, booking from your, 'window, yonr eye. roams in nearoh of thoae striking and- otiarming adjunots to English scenery, the hedges. Iα vain, yon seek ; there are none. You are tired, and retire betimes, sleep ing well, nodoubt; since Canadian country taverns have no more than their fair share of parasites, and of apeeies not unknown' in' England or requiring special study ; these, kind reader, moiqnitos being excepSed,a ma lloloos and bloodthirsty race of native tor ments whloh would demand a ohapter to themselves. Canadians rise early. By four o'olook, in the conntry and in tbe summer joaioo, tbe good folk* are astirr Mike goes to take tbe cattle to pasture ; Bill looks after the horses; Sally milks' the eowd ; and Ibo 'boas' or master superintends the opening daily programme.'?'.. Tbe mornings and evenings are the plea santest times in Canada during the auminer. sooner shines the fint gllmnur of dawn, than np.mounts the son ; and, alter a brief display of truly regal splendour, d?y has fairly set ia. Twilight is jast as brief. I'or the rest, theolouda seem habitually higher in the sky, massive than in England. There nre many birds about In the early morning ; some very large ones. Hawks may be seen wheeling aloft. The long neakod orano, shrilly screaming, with legs stretched out behind him, posts eagerly towards the far horizon.' The big snowy owl Sits moodily athwart the scene, to bnry himself within the dark recesses of the neighbouring woods. Our host's barn- yard may have received a visit last night from his owlship, or those heaps of feathers convey no real history. -...'.: Mine host of the Commercial Hotel—they are all commercial hotels whera there ia very little real business—has not invested muoh in brick and mortar, as yon peroieve. His tavern is built of logi piled npon each' other and filled with man. Very oomforUble nre these buildings, especially in'wintor. Question him, and he will admit that he oonld well afford a brick building ; .but he put this one up with his own hands thlrty flva years past, and prefers it to another. " Tbem now-langled Yankee notions"—jerk ing his head contemptuously in the dlreotlon ol a pretty modern villa—a thing ol beauty hewn by tbe hand of a stnrdy Canadian Fbidiaa oat ol the limestone quarries adj* oent—" ain't tho thing for an old bush slasher like mi; no, not by a long chalk. I like something as I can whittle at." Ulna host is proud in his way. : Passing along the main street, yon notioe that the .bulk of the homes are of wood; possibly even the little church and the town-hall. No village in Canada ls;oomplote without t its town-hall, where- meetings are held, conoerts glyon, and the fire-engioe is kept.,. With so many wooden. houses, tbe firemen form of course an important part of each little seqnestored community. All are members of the brigade, both merchant ana olerk, farmer and ploughboy;, . nor is it anything extraordinary for.Farmer Giles's, male " h?lp" to fill the post of captain of the brigade, Farmer Giles resigning himself to a subordinate situation. Truth compels the wrltor to state—nnd ho has personally figured lor several years in a looal fire brigade—rthat the hookand-ladder oompany are usually ol the greatest leivloe, for of ten wooden build ings attaoked by fire, tally two- thirds are. npon an average burnt dowa. . ? ? ? Apart from the long double row ol wooden bniljlngl, you will obsorye a little upon one side the road a lofty faotory, the, b'aiy whirr ol whose wheels and the steady wash of the water over whose dam, make you realise the presonoe within of a briak industry. It. is an agrlcaltaral-imploment shop. Canada is the birtbplaoe of modern improved- ma chinery for reaping and mowing; - the loaraity of labour and ruinonsprioea attached thereto dnring the-short and bniy har.veit season having, apparently sharpened . the wits of Canadian farmers and meohanlcs, they have riaen to meet the exigenoiea. ? In..farm r m'aohlnery, Canada' stands ahead' of any other nation, although it is probable Cana dian maa&inery;, like Ganadaln horses, might be'fannd too light to perform paying work npon the heavy olayey soil of' Old England, Once olear the :soil of' stumps land etbn'es, and Canadian soil is easy vnongh to work. Nor are stones .common, pebbles, indeed, being in many districts soaroe. If you enti>r this factory, yon will find everything well ordered, aad manifest signebf prosperity on every side. .Water power is plentiful, yet many factories bare an ongloo to- .fall baqk npon in oase of nnusoal dronght. - Here again is a ilsurlng-mjll;' and very substnntially built it is now, a-lthough, it you oare to listen, you may hear- how twenty-firoyears ago, upoathis very site, stood a small wooden edifice, the only mill within o> range of forty-five miles. ' Those were times when to -have aooompllshed one's com grletin* in safety, -was a> feat worthy to be duly recorded; when mon trudged thirty or,even forty miles to the mill, their : bag of .grain upon -their' shoulder*; -when neither highway nor byway'existed; when men, being chased by wolf or bear, were filn to cast down their aaok of bread-stuff and run for dear lite. And pile is the school. Enter, for you nro always weloome to - visit the aohooU in Canada. The primitive days of. biroh end oane are no more ; education in Canada is aonduoced by duly ' certlSoitod men and women, whoso qualifioatlons. If t?ey be not very klgb, are .yet far above those which formerly pawed mutter In, the back settle-' menU.. Even in the country, you will notioe a oertain smartness in tho Canadian school-boys and sohool-girls beyond what is ? ordinarily met with in English ohlldreo. More serious they are, perhaps preter mtuxfilj so; and U you ww them iv winter, coming into school wrapped np in long homo-spun coats, their legs encased In dimiaatire Wellington boots, you wouH think them the strongest Httl-i epitomw of humanity it were to imatfiuu. Human aatore, however, is the saino everywhere, birring certain dlvertjencos, and longer aoquaiutanoe with the young people of Canada would help to wenr off your prejudices. ? In tile smaller villages, social dlstinotionr ? re, of coarse, reaaoed to their lowest. Til' doolor and tbi) clergyman take the lead io matters soeial,-.followed closely by the eohoo)- -ma?ter. The merohant in Canada liai ? lendensy to liiinu a bine-blooded pre eminence whether in town or country, not to be attained by the English gbop-keepar. " They have the m?ney," was the simple explanation ol the matter, when once npon a time the writer vontared to inqaire the reason. . 