JlIUCJi.OJVG. r FliOM OUR correspondent.! POLICE COURT. Tuosday, 11th February, 1879. (Boforo Mr. Vynor and Mr. Monlovo.) A young man named William Murray, who had boon in tho lock-up sinco Saturday night lust, was charged with boing (lrunk and dis orderly. Tho Bonch discharged him, ho having beon so long in jail. Slaughtering liconsos woro gmntcd to Messrs. Beogl'ng, Crano, Bardwoll, Molloy, and Sharp. In tho Small Dobts' Coiu-t 011 Tuosday ono or two cases of 110 public interest wore disposed of. Owing to tho scarcity of wutor tho alluvial workings up the crook about Middlo Adolong havo stopped. Down tho creek, about Shopards town and Grnhamtown, tho want of wator is also folt. Mi'. A. D. Shopard having about sovouty mon at work I10 has sufficient wator for his own uso ; sovcrul men aro ut work in Davis' paddock with good prospects. Tho United Gold Mining Company aro also at work ; as aro also Millotts aud party at Sandy Gully. Tho lattor's claim is in disputo. Martin Konny bus ro-marked tho ground — 3 acres, aud applying for a loaso. Tho part)' who pegged out tho oxtondod ground ovor which thoro was a disputo has boon registered by order., of tho Wardon, nnd aro working full handod. Thoy havo put all in working order, and will cominonco raising istouu .soon.,?- -Mr. Harford reports tho mines undor his charge, as follows: — Tho Williams havo oxtondod their drivo 011 tho 735 foot level twonty feot, and hav ing brokon into the winze thoy havo fresh air, which was much needed ; thoro is a lodo from twolvo to twonty inches in thickness showing coarso gold, so a much largor quantity of stono will bo raised anil tlio machinery kopt con stantly ut work. In tho Groat Victoria ho statos ho has all tho moil ut work on tho 400 foot lovel. Tho stono varies in thioknoss from two to eight inches, and is puynblo. Thero aro somo men picking tho tip for crushing but it is poor. At tho Currajong Mr. Williams, sonior's, cluim havo again struck tho rich leiulor which yieldod 011 a previous occasion a splendid return Chosson nnd party hnvo had a trial crushing, sinco my lust report on mining, which disap pointed thorn ; tho stono looks well, and what was thought to bo gold turns out to bo nnothor kindofmotal — supposed Jta bo bismuth: itwil bo tostod. Thurloway and party's claim at tho Old Camp roof looks vory woll — tho lodo widen ing out aud showing good gold, oven hotter than tho trial crashing. Tho Research Company are raising stono and will havo nearly 100 tons to grass in about a fortnight. Tho Louisa and tho Crooked Sapling- Company havo mutually agreed to put a holo through, and this has givon thom fresh air. C. Annott and party, who took up threo leasos on tho Gap, liavo received notico that none of them will bo granted, so thoy aro applying for a refund. Robert Crouch, who ap plied for a loaso in 1874, 011 tho hank anil bed of Adolong Crook, which coulil not bo granted, is also applying for u rofimd of £10. Tho North Caledonian aro working with good prospccts; sovoral of tho shareholders havo loft tho claim, whereby their share not being efficiently worked becomes abandoned, and thoso shares aro applied for by tho manager aud will rovort to tho Com pany. Thero is a favorablo change in tho weather. Wo had a steady downpour of rain all day Tuosday, and it is likely to cimtiimo. Tho ex cessive heat of lato lias caused much sickness, and sovoral deaths havo occurred amongst children. Thoro is au agitation going on to havo races again about March. It may bo remembered two days' ruccs took place ut Ailoloug. It thon was intended to havo them only onco during tho year. Tho town, for sovoral days has been onvolopcd in suioko from numerous bush-fires, which did damago in tho ruco-course. Mr. C. Bilker's placo had to bo woll watchod. Tho Governmont havo tumod their attention to thoso who havo fenced in land on tho tempo rary common, and liuvo requested tlio uamos of thoso who hnvo ninny ncros fenced in with a viow to dislodge thom. Tho trustees, and also tho wurdon's clork, liavo been notified 011 tho subject. S. J. Crompton's conditional purchaso is de clared void. It is thought tho applications for two acres for minors' rosid'oncos will bo granted, but thoro is to bo 110 favor shown to thoso who havo blocked up roads and foncod in largo areas of land. 