PRESENTATION TO MR AND MRS LLOYD AT THE WELSH CHURCH, WALLAROO. On Tuesday evening last, the 7th iast, the members and congregation of the above Church met to welcome home the Rev. John Lloyd and Mrs Lloyd from their wedding tour. The chair was occupied by Mr D. Walters, who opened the meeting by reading and prayer. The Chairman then called upon Mr W. Evans, the Treasurer of the Church, to read the following address to Mr and Mrs Lloyd. Djjab Mb and Mes Ltoyd— We, the members and congregation of the Welsh Church, Wallaroo, beg to congratulate you most sincerely on your union ; and we parti cularly wish to "give Mrs Lloyd a most hearty welcome, feeling convinced from all that we have heard of her christian cliaractcr that she will-be of great assistance to our worthy pastor in the performance of his onerous duties; and we trust, with the blesBing of God, that both may be preserved for the service of the Lord. We have reason to be thankful for the good that has been done here through the. instrument ality of the Bey. Mr Lloyd. He has worked hard amongst us, and the Lord has blessed his labours. Still we are far from being perfect, therefoie there is an open field in which to be serviceable in the work of our Saviour, and we are quite certain.it will give you the greatest pleasure to use your effort in the cause as you have done in other placeB where you have resided. We also beg to offer you conjointly this trifling present—viz., a tea and coffee service, which we hope will be acceptable, as a small token of our sincere respect to you both. We wish you every happiness, and trust God will protect your future liven and enable you to advocate his work. On behalf of the members and congregation of, the Welsh Church, Wallaroo, we beg to subscribe ourselves— ■yours" sincerely. David Walters—Chairman. . William Eyans—Treasurer, . * H. Jamee, ) 32\. Eyans, > -Deacons. J. Bees. J Mr Evans then presented Mr and Mrs Lloyd with an elegant tea and coffee service. - Mr Lloyd, iu thanking hie friends, spoke at j some length, and in feeling terms remarked that this was the third occasion daring the' last eleven years he stood in the Church to receive .tokens of their affection and esteem. Congratulatory addresses were subsequently delivered by MessrsR. James, E. Erans, J. : [ liees, C. Hughes, 5. Thomas, T. Thomas, and W. Phiilips. Tlie choir renderedappropriate pieces of musio at intervals, aud after the dozology liad been sung a very enjoyable meeting jraa brought to a close. i A*ery shocking and fatal accident happened yeaterday (Tuesday) morning; about 10 o'cloi-kto in old ' resident of Wallaroo, named Ku*hard Williams, ii appears that he was riding in bis dray which wag ioad«d with a tauk of water and when pear ifdauo's old store, a sudden jerk, caused by the unevenessof the road, resulted in ibu breaking ul the uear shaft—which it may be remarked wan ueurlj «ja(en through by dry rot— auu ine burw taiiiug at. the same time and by so doing breaking the other abaft, the deceased was thrown on Ibe ground and the tank fell on hint( breaking bis right arm and both his legs and in juring lain so severely internally that be died in about two hours alter the occurrence, flags were hoisted at hail-mast daring the day as the deceased was welt known and much respected ia the town. It was not considered necessary to hold an inquest. Notwithstanding that passengers travelling from the -Peninsula to Adelaide bare only-about half the journey to perform by Coach, yet the vicis situde* their experience are many and various, as the following narrative related by a passenger who went to town on Wednesday last, will shew The Coaob started from Po>-t Wakefield with a good many passengers, and went along at a steady pace, arriving at Dublia without any causally occurring; out, while the horses were being changed, it Was discovered that the axle of the off Irout wheel was nearly red ' hot, and a half hour's' stoppage had to be made in order that tbe axle might have time to cool. i'liis having been dune to (he entire satisfaction oi the driver, auoinei* start was effected and ail went well untii arriving at Two Weils when tiie euieli ot souieth'tig burning cuued tiie passengers to look lor tbe wnei-e^bout* of the causj tuereuf", The boot, containing the mails, &c.;, was Lopened, when it was iound mat ono of tbe pas sengers coats, which had been placed there tor ! safety, was b^ing rapidly consumed. The j lire is supposed to uare originated from a epark-{iropi>iuK from a pipe through* orencs in the boot. ttelore starting the driver mads another examination of tbe axle, when ii was found that it was still very hot. In order to tnuke a further examination into tbe reason wby tne axle was in this state, the wheel was taken off while tbe horses were being changed, when the driver discovered that the axle was broken nearly through ; and but lor his steady, careful driving, and forethought in having tne wheel reu.oved, a very eeiious accident wa* averted. As the uiail Coach was t hus disabled, au old one, which happeued to be at- the station, and which had evidently done duty in Adam's time, was put iaro requisition; as welt as a one* horse buggy, to carry the passenger* to their journey's end. They arrived safely at Virginia, had tea, and another start was made, a two-horse . buggy taking the place of the one-horse one, while tbe ancient" vehicle was still doing duty. .Nothing of any further interest occurred until gearing tbe Cross KeWj when the alarm was raised that the tire was coming off one of the hiud whols. This was found on examination to,be true, and the pace had to be again slackened, until they reached a house on the roadside, where a piece of hoop iron was procurred with which to repair o/ rather secure tiie tire, but that proving too brittle, the driver had to grjpe about in the diu-k for something else to keep the tire on. He fortunately laid hold of a piece of hoop iron, with which he secured the wheel, and the passen gers again went on their way rejoicing, and arrived in Adelaide about 8 o'clock p.m. -lad that their journey was at au cnl, a* tnoy never felt safe fur a single moment duriog ttif whole way ; and were giad again tobe on terra jirma. The passengers on and all binhiy Complimented the coachman on bis ability and care as a driver. While Mr J Heath, and his boy Charlie were returaiug to JLadiaa from the Green's Plains Races with a load of empty bottles the shaft horse shied and upset both horses and cart. The boy was undfr the bottles,, while John Heath was . thrown oat some distance, where he lay for some time insensible. Fortunately he escaped with a severely cut forehead. The boy escaped unhurt. S. Barnett and another coming home picked up the two, leafing Jthe-dray-and tbeload,'as the shafts^ were broken. We regret to learn thit by a bushfire near -ioyleton considerable damage his been ■ don<* to the farm of Mr G. Barnard. Tbe fire was first noticed by the servants on the farm at 10 o'clot-k on Saturday morning, a d about two hours after* wards it reached Mr Barnard's property. Forty chains of fence oil the sunt h side and a quanti ty of grass were burned, and a number of voting olive trees were destroyed. - There was great diffi culty in saving The houa>*. A hut belonging to Mr Evans was also burnt to the. ground. No little surprise was caused early on Thurs day morning in Wallaroo at the appearance of the steamer " Royal Shepherd" under sail,, and endeavouring to beat into the Day, at the same time making signals to the Harbour Master to go on board. After her arrival it was ascertained that at about 7 o'clock on the preceding evening, owing to there not being sufficient water in the boiler, the pipes became red hot and Bet fire to the coal bunkers, aud eventually the boiler itself : cracked. All hands were immediately set to - work, part of the deck was broken np, and the fire having apparently been subdued, the crew continued during the night- to remove cargo from the vicinity of the iSngina room m case of any further outbreak occurring, the vessel being put under sail and arriving at' Wallaroo about 10 a.m We have been informed that an arrangement has been lhade with the ca ptain of the Kangaroo to take the passengers and cargo of the Royal Shepherd on to Port Augusta and the latter vessel will be towed to Ade laide for repairs, ft seems that the accident was owing to the neglect of the second engineer who was in charge at the time and but for the fireman keeping the fire unusually low, an explosion must hare taken place and the Royal Shepherd would have added another to the list of ships which have disappeared and left no trace of the ** fate that has befaiien them. It is satisfactory to be informed that so for from blame attaching to anyoneelse in the .matter, the passengers have teslifir^l theii* entire'approval of the conduct of the officers and crew of tiie vessel in the following testimonialwhich has beenJor wardfid to ub -for pUOTIcfiTTOll:— Wallaroo Bay, Jan. 10,1879. We, the undersigned passengers by the Royal Shepherd hereby tender to Captain Chas. Ander son our heartfelt thanks for the coolness and seamanlike manner displayed during the perilous position in which we were placed on the nif fit of the fire (Jan. 8,) on board his ship. We hare also much pleasure in tendering, the same to the Chief officer and crew who worked bravely and manfully on-the occasion. Everything was done that possibly could be for the safety of the pas sengers and ship. Capt. Gordon, a passenger on board rendered very valuable assistance. {Signed) I P Jones, I E Acraman, Jas. McRay, (Ship wright) P T Pound, Andrew Nicol^on, William Laiseu, Joseph Oakley Charles Dix., D McMahon, Sydney G Godfry, Gc-orge Morey, H Piltot), John Mudie, Frank Willbisky, F Antonia. We a» indebted to Mr Beaton. Poa'i snd Tele graph Master, for the Subjoined Hunfiili of 1878 at Wallaroo, and through tbe kiudnefes of M.r W. Fowler, of Yaroo, we have keen supplied with the rainfall at that plnee.iluring the same period. Bainfall for 1878 at\S?allaroo. Rainfall at. 5Taroo Jannary, 0.000 January; 0000 February, 8 daji : February 0685 March, 1.890— -4;days - March, 2 4180 April, 2.200—6days April; 3060' May, 0^570-^ 6 days May, 0.880 JuOe, 3.S30—14 days ■ . June, 3.150 July,. 2,660—14 days J uiy* 3.240 August, 0.740—10 ila>B August, 1-780 Sept®mberl.030^—7daya September,* .1,32 October, 0.670>-— 7 days October. 0.7<J0 November,0280— 4 days Kovember, €.490 December,0.iS&~- 2 days December, «.tiJO 13.170—76 days * X«ta?, SIS 16* 