The members who voted with the MinisTIY laBt Tuesday evening, when an endeayor -was made by the Opposition and Corner to OQBt MrBEBBY aDd his colIeagoeB, will go into caucus to-day to determine what modifications shall be made in the tariff, and what fresh taxation shall be proposed to meet the deficiency there is in the revenue. The Opposition do not take at all kindly to thlB movement. They apply all sorts of strong words to the idea of a caucus, jforgetting that their own side, when in power, was the first to resort to this means to realise their designBj and forgetting also that there is nothing.at all onnsaal in parlia mentary circles any where. fora Ministry and its supporters to meet together in private, and determine on a certain coarse to pursue, "when the position of the Ministry is in the least danger. A caucus is Bimply a consultation between the Ministry and its friends to meet certain difficulties which have arisen. And . the temporarily awkward position in which Mr BEBBY has been placed by the ratting of some of his anp' porters folly Justifies its adoption in tUs instance. Moreover, a caucus does not prevent a scheme as thus matured bong fully discussed by the House, and even altered, if the necessity for alteration be demonstrated. The caucus Bimply determines the strength of the Ministry in the Assembly, and lays down certain broad principles. The details of those principles can be varied subsequently if the Ministry should be satisfied, in the course of debate, that a change is desirable; and the test of this is, how the proposals are received by the House, and in what spirit they are regarded by the community. There is nothing, therefore, destructive of fair discussion,- or anything that is either unusual or injurious in the Ministerial party going into caucus to-day over the vote of last week. It is the bast coarse for all parties that the Ministry can pursue; andit is no more than every reasonable person must have expected. But it is' not so much to defend the cancus system that we refer to this subject just now, as to point out what the caucus should do; and on this point a few remarks here will not perhaps be. without their uses. In -taking this step, however, we desire it to -be -distinctly understood that we have' no desire to dictate to the Ministry and its friends at this juncture. There has been a great deal too much of this sort of thing going on during the last two years; and we firmly believe that Mr BehBY and his colleagues may trace nearly every" difficulty which they have had to encounter to the dogmatic manner in which they have been pressed to do. certain things, no matter whether they were..right jor wrong in themeelv$s, .or env tirely opposed to their own reason. In most cases they have Mt it incumbent tyjcn them to yield to this advice; and the result is a bit of a muddle where everything ought to have been easy and plain sailing. Neither do we' wish it to be understood that if our advjee be not literally followed we Shall go into opposition. We do not belong to that class which' most have their o wn way in every thing,, or elseevoba chaos. When things do not go exactly in every detail as we would like, we do not feel "If to1& our duty tb force on a change "Of--Ministry,-bo matter how disastrous anything of the Bort may be to the people.'"So as the Ministry generally fceps to the programme we -believe ifr^we shall txrathraeto support Mr BEBBY and his colleaguee in office, although . every, one. of onr recommendatUHtB shoold not be adopted. It is entirely, then, in ,ttus spirit tiiat we refer to the caucus to be held to- day; and we Jiave. b^BfL tbns explidt because we sdesire that thbre shall bs no intsunderstaBdid^ our position , ,No w, proceedingjqn this .basis, the course' fallow to-day is thia j snd ire leel safiBfied that All the^ww jnptecti-re AMIitte^rpjjl manufacture to start at once, or within a very reasonable time, after its adoption. Th|s broad exception is the duty on everything that can be deemed luxuries, opon whic^vthe Aaty rShoqld be maintwDedi or even|increMrf, if anyt^; of|ae aoit tie deen^Bd adiraaabli, . because not "anything can'-lie fsfirer, or: less ••Ifljuriqus, than-to make luxories pay a good stiff impost. 1 ! Where any other duty, such as on boots and shoes, has developed the local manufacture, aid Jhe mMafactareehowa that it can hold its own against oriteide comp^titiop, khen the doty ihould-be feept at its original' .standard,hecanBedrcnmHtenffeahaveclearlyshown that in such a case no increase is .required... -Another -course -which-we should like to see the caucus pursue to-day is, to go carefully through the tariff, and place in' the lowest class of duties all those articles which form part of the raw material of other manufactures, so that the existence of the latter may by no possibility be endangered. Of course these remarks, must potvfce supposed to .-apply to dotieB which exist for revenue purposes only. Our remarks are simply intended to apply to those duties which have been raided by the Government to ,'encourage inannfac-; tureen but which subsequent events go to show would not be beneficial. To make good the deficiency that would be caused in the revenue by .the; plan here sketched ,ont, a stamp tax should be . imposed ; «nd it shonld be framed in such a comprehensive manner as to Teach' all interests that ought: to : :bear . scbA a ; burden. By rearranging, then,: the general proposals on . this basis, no- roCim whatever would be given for tbe Corner to carp and snarl; while Satisfaction would be given to^ the T Hiinisterial supporters arid all impartial -persons in. the country. Fair ^>lay, in short, -would be given to the whole -community by alterations being made in this spirit; because they would appeat to every person's aaispn. We hope,- then, to .find the caucus to-day dealing with tbe situation on the basis here laid down; and, if, it does this, the little, cloud which has all at once gathered over the. Ministry will pass a way, and things will be a great deal brighter for Mr^BEBBY-and his colleagtieB in future. The taiskls an easy one for the caucoB to follow, and we trust it will be unanimously adopted. '*" • • Very'properly, a determined •stand has been iaken by the miners of Sandhurst to resist an attempt that is*being made to lower their wages.. ^he .ow.Qpa^on of a ,-miner is anything but"an easy or enviable one. It means A great deal of iiard wprk, a great deal of risk to life, and a certain lowering of physical health sooner or Tater; and, there lore, any effort made to bring down the wages of this class below their present standard should be universally reprehended. The current rate of wages for miners is £2 5s a week; but at Sandhurst a few of the companies are endeavoring to reduce tins rate by 5s a week, not directly perhaps, but -in-a manner that would realise-the same purpose. It is proposed that the men should wbrk for lOd an hour; and aB tbe law prohibits miners from being kept at work for more than eight hours a day, this would mean 6s 8d a day for their labor. There are six working days in the week; consequently if the amount just stated be multiplied by Bix it will be seen that Under tbe new arrangement tbe Sandhurst miners wouldonly be paid £2 a week, instesd «f £2 5 s,:which they are now receiving. By a Bide wind, therefore, some of the Sandhurst companies are endeavoring to deprive the miners they employ of 5s ~-a week; and > anything; more contemptible could scarcely be stated. The excuse which is made for this step, seems to, be that these companies, are not yet in gold, and, therefore, find great - difficulty in paying tbe current rate, of wages. But while .this might be. a .good, reason. for giving np the ground held, it is -no excuse for curtailing the men's pay. The miners have to work just as hard in a "mine whether ft-ia'-on gold or not, whether It is yielding gold or not, ss others- do when circumstances are more propitious. Nor have they the slightest interest in the results, 'because when gold is being won, when dividends are being paid, their wages undergo no - increase. . There is- a dull -uniformity in all theBe cases; the miners haying no pecuniary interest whatever in the result of their exertions. There is no room, then, fortheintrodaction of sentimentality in a jcase of this kind. There is no opening for the assertion that the miners should wbrk under terms in a mine, where gold is not being raised or dividends are not being paid, because the shareholders are getting nothing for their investment. The only principle that is at all admissible in this case is afair day's pay for a fair "day's wbrk,' irrespective altogether of what thereenlts to thfe proprietors Jnay be - and it is hard to see how any argument could" disturb "this position. We are. glad to' see that, a good many directors at Sandhurst object altogether to'wbat the offending companies are attempting in this matter, and .repudiate all association or sympathy with any'effort to . bring down the wages-of miners from the cn'iront rate. ThisTeTvery'creditable to thisdaBB of directors, and speaks well for. the good feeling which they entertain for the miners. But even.tf .att tbe directors st Sandhurst were dead against the miners: in this case, the latter would be quite rigHt to reaatsnch acombination forsuch apurpose. T^o pounds five shillings per week is little enough for any working miner to be paid ; ana 4he company which . would desire him to work for less can have little sympathy; with labor. -The^andburat cbmpariies \ihich have caused all this disturbance will do well, therefore, to hark back to the proper rate,, for thejr cannot assign a single valid reason why there should lie any change;? ' Labor has strong daims in this casa ; and these "3aims speak loudly against the tiirieatened redaction."*' .;". i'^-;' •iu. on im the Mn legality InMlitvnf of die Iha summons inmtnnn, in the f h/1 esse n of {Barton and- others ?/tbe Bandj :and Albion TConspls._irjU'JJ)ell J(8H»S .^puWfiihea LJnT. iuotber. colhrnn. ^ An affray, which nearly bad a tragic terinination, occurred at Sedan, yesterday, between two •mep, named M'Lennin and Bobioson. From what can be gathered, it appears to'Lennan went to jomp the other man's ground, and for some reaspp or Dther etruek himflverihe head sritb )«isa^ling .taken from the fence. Bohinsoo, enraged at the blow, ran intohis house and brought out a loaded pistol, and the mep began to struggle -withone another, and in the contest the pistol went off, fortunately without injuring either -of the men. The twp, after tbe -discbar^e of Ihe firearm;continued" te fightnnHl Aey weretoth < somewhat damage,' when they suddenly desisted,', Ho information of the matter was given by-either to the police, hutit j isjnot Utdy that 'the matter will be.alloiredto A meeting of persons javof»hle to the formsitipn , of |an Education Leajghe was held on Wonday 1 -night, in the eupper-roottrtf Che Alfred Hall; Mr :W. ! T. C. K^Ily jn thechair. A -committee. ycon-: sis ting of the"Bev. Joseph Walks', Messrs M'Kee, Sufton, Msmn, and BirtchnelL was appointed to confer with the committee of the Education League "to form a National Education League of a nen- 1 political character. Vrecdved a virfr yesterdayTrOin WrBfowhy of the trustees Monument id, and he inforroeduiWrttliVa'niount sow to •ly doubled il^sgus^^i^iiitagiMby die itees to w when >t on d e p o s i t ^ . C o m - panj, and the receipt was shown to as yesterday to confirm the statement made that over .£95 is at jad^sponA ot the trustees. Aijy tnT|>it!r |<.«H|l{i gladly snpplied WjulipM^ on mlidattqo. * IA committee m&B;&ig; /tf the «slla»i Turf Onb CIS bdd iat tbe .George bold last eveUng; Mr Greenfield' in the chair. Corresponaence—iFrom illr J. £SiunBOD, i cnDsentisK tgjuA ss judge at the enetiiug xace meeting.—From J. O.'IngUs, also agreeing to oeeopy the position of starter, Mr M'Leoa vrae elected to the committee vict Mr Inglis, resigned. Mr C. W. Shersrd was appointed permanent chairman of committee; Mr Greenfield, treasuio^aB&WesmW.; Booth and H. B."Rowe,hon. auditors,. Stewards—The whole of the committee were appointed stewards at the December meeting; Mr J.Simeon, judge; Hi,J. O. Inglis.starter; Mr T. Wilsorij Clerfc of the course and hon.jaoger till the end of the year. It teas also decided-to request the Hon. W. J.-Clarke to become president ot "the" club, and solicit for the club the patronage of his Excellency the Governor.'. A diecoeaion ensued on the advisability of makrog a* tfigbt alteration in the racing course,also a new training course, and a trial half-mile course; andlt was resolved to accept Mr Wilson's offer to-dp the work, and pnt tbe ground in orderfor the next 'meeting, forX50,. was decided that the training fee for die year 1879-80 be fixed at £1 10B for each horse.. The. treasurer and seiretary were empowered tp arrange for tbe banking account;-and, after some unimportant.business was transacted, the meeting adjonfried. An examination was iield by Mr Inspector •Holland and Assistant-inspector Summeus, at the •Central School, last week, of all - children In the ' town desirons of obtaining-certificates of having been educated up to the required standard ooder the compuleory • clause. Of the 197 who were examined only 59 passed, and the following is the List of the successful ones-;—Bessie George, Matilda Carroll,Isabella Blarney,, Louisa Taylor, Bridget Daley, Edith Slack, Elizabeth Tonkin, Florence Whitchell,May Jenkioson. Mary Oman, |Janet Ford,; Lily Skewea, Jane Carley, Frances Thomas, Edith Fincham,. Sarah .Cook, Ellen Brown, Esther Cutler, Blanch Filzsimmona, Elizabeth Csirer, AnDie B^ggn, M. J. Armstrong, Dora Petrie, Ellen Lamont. Gwendoline Richards, Elizabeth Ditchburn, Agnes Hardy, Florence Allen,.-Ellen Palmer,:Cecilia Macara, Margaret Roddam, Margaret : Tord.- Msrgoretta Safireof Jessie Armstrong. Boys—George Long, D. Gunn, C. Mackie, H. Perdy, William Hofstede, W. M-Xenzie, Hatsell Preston, Thomas Williams, ThomaB Martin, W. Hall, Benjamin Richards, J. Spargo, W. A. Goode, C. Gordon, Wm. Macara, W. Hunter, J. Coltmao, G. Kemp, H. Weir; Thomas Boyce, J. BonaldsonrBobert Taylor, J. Wilson, "A. Chappie,'A. Main. Temind our readers that the various electoral registrars are this week making:-up. tbe general. roll, 1879, of voters' for. the Xe^ielative Coundl. Monday next is the last" day for the issue of electors* rights. Our Smytbesdale correspondent writes:—"I am not. personally- aware of the "occurrence to. which your correspondent, ' A lad with a carrotty head,' refers, but latSy tbe head of %e Catholic church in this district informed me that there ware betweeq.350..and .400 members of Ihe Catholic Defence Association in this portion of the electorate of Grenville, and that branches bad been formed in all the centres of population ; but I cannot say whether the means used were of the persuasive character your -correspondent hints at. t)ne gentleman told me that he is sure a number of 'those who signed tbe document referred to will vote for Mr D. M. Daviej next time, in spite of sny influence that could be brought to tear on them.' ? At the meeting of the BaHaratsfcire Council held yesterday, Councillor James Baird was elected president for the ensuing year. The Warden's Court was adjourned yesterday for a -week, owing to the indisposition of the warden. Several cases were set down for hearing, -amongst others that of Barton v the Band and Albion Consols—the now well-known jump case. Mr. Leggo, J.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday,-and .fined Charles , Dwyer £10, in default three months 1 imprisonment, for insulting behavior at the Western railway station, on Saturday night. Prisoner, who was under the influence vf liquor, acted in an outrageous manner, and it required three policemen to take him te the watch'-house. John Bernard was fined 10s for Insulting behavior in the street,', and Bobert Messenger was fined40s for beiog drunk while in charge of a vehicle. A well-attended meeting was held at the Australian hotel, Clark's Bill, on Saturday last, by the farmers and working-men of Che district; Mr Daniel Pole in the chair, Mr G. M'CauBland said 'they had.met respecting.the Ballarat water reserves. It was a loss to the colony to have these lands lacked up, as they -were "not required for the purpose intended. Upon a rough Calculation the country lost £70,000 a year by their present conditions. If the Water Commission had one chain onieach side of each water- course they would have the same quantity of water, and of a purer quality. The speaker was sure that tbe Ballarat people wojuld sooner see a full market of potatoes than to pay hundreds of pounds annually for keeping d6wn bush-firee. There is not a place within miles that the working-man can build his hut upon, and in every other part of the country .there is a. reserve or township left for this class. But as the Government has jplaced the control of all roads in the shire in : the" hands of the eo undl, working-men can be removed by the complaints of one ratepayer off the roadside, although the latter had no other place to build upon. The Minister of \- Lands should alter this, and withdraw a portion of a block as a reserve for the working-toan. "The speaker suggested that tbe Minister of Lands be requested lo give every man with a family four or five acres'upon the Minister's own terms, as the splitter and clearer can see work for the next twenty years to come, If they only had a place to reside on. Proposed by Mr G. M'Caugland, seconded by Mr Feeney, and carried unanimously —4 That a petition be got up in the' neighbour hood, and a deputation wait upon the Minister of Lands." The meeting then closed. ^n enjoyable entertainment is in store for those wfcib wish to be present at a comfortable enp of tea* and listen to some really good singing bysome of our leading professional and amateur singers, by jattending the tea and entertainment in celebration of tbe anniversary of the Ballarat East Lodge of <3ood_ Tsmplaw in the "Alfred Hall - to-night. Addresses will also b^ given by the Beys. 3. W. Inglis and Joseph "Walker.' Mr BsHey, Jan., has kindly consented to act as pianist. Tea will start at half-past i$x,*ni entertainment at eight. .The chair. wilL beitaken. by Mr E. Curtis. J.P., and judging from t£e~ number of tickets disposed of, tbe affair promises to be a great'success. . The programme of - the Bungaree, Dean, and . Warrenheip annnal ploughing match will be found •in our advertising columns tp-day. There are "ietien classes, at the head of which is tbe champion —I'irst-prize, £7;~«econd, £S; third, £2;"and fourth, £L The secretary will be on the .ground St eight o'clock on the-morning'of the match to receive entries/ -The match will take place on Mr gates' farm, Leigh Greek, on the 28th instant. Intending -subscribers to the Eyres souvenir food are requested to forward their donations at once to Mr Brind, the hon. secretary,-as die presentation will take place at the George hotel this afternoon, at half-past three. The annual t"a meeting - of the Presbyterian Church at Spriogs, Mount Bolton, will t&ke; place on the evening of Thursday of this week, when thellev. J. W. Inglis will lecture on "DrGtithne? Addresses will also be delivered by the Bev. S. Walker (Episcopalian), Learmonth, and the Bev. F. Sottter, < • There were 1186 persons relieved at tbe Ballar Benevolent Asylnm last week, and of these 463 were childroi. - - , r n . M^SUttaStof^ere ..... itsioB 18s 2d. • The amount received in the jcorresnoflding -. period Of last year was £19,496 13s 6d. ..W "' In consequence of pressure on pur space, we »te eoippdled to hold over a number of "letters and answers to -several of 'our correspondents until tomokroWr.r.„-, ,, . , . .. , Thfe anuti&l; meeiing of the BiQlarat Cricket Club will take plBce thi8 evenmg,' at the Pavilion, , half-past seven o't^eck, to receive the report of -the committeej and elect officers for the ensuing seajson. The c,9mmitte6 will meet at seven oVJofi. The monthly jmeetiog of the Alfred ton Band, of Hi^ wUT be held this evening in the Wealeyan echoolropm, ' when aeveral appropriate sketches, wffl lie* presented, ^and, hesides several recitatioos, the Bssd-of Hope choir will renderselections of music. Tbe entertainment commences at half-paat -seven o'cloek, and the admission-will be f"f- . • - i. . • ••/ . • The B.V.B quadrille assembly will meet in ^he Alfred Hall, this evenicg. at eight o'clock. . "' A battalion parade "of the B.V.IL will be LIDD next Wednesday " evening .at. half-past seven,, jonder the rommsnd of a staff afficer..^ Forage ^ caps and great coats are to -be worn, and alljhe memjaovareHEX^ecttd to attend, iwria^a ,.ji Hesers_ RobertB*_ekating ^nk wiU-be .t^n «t the Academ^o^ M^^' tbis^ moniinp ^ternoon> -Mr W«tOome Jo|iDS|on ^Tprepfh injthetCSSs atbatt-tiasfaeven.^,.^ twnnO l hon. the Commissionerof I GedH^ceeaaBBser) .VfaWO^ong f afternoon, for the puneseof baving tested the is si tar OeMilBIWy aj^^^ii^ r^oomotive cod. Mr Woods proceeded to the Cliff on the engine, and personally superintended the trialx>f tt$. new fuel. On the run down the quantity of fuel^a in proportion of one of coal to two of lignite, sand the Commissioner considered the test very 6»tfefactory. The lignite is chespr. than co&snflon; Saturday, when mixed wKhthat fuel, afcll Bead of steam could be kept up contftotly in'the k«»- motive. Notwithstanding the UnHjvy gradient of one in fifty for a mile and &-tis!f in length in one portion of the line, there was no loss of steam; a uniform pressurelbeing maintained througliDnt the journey, which was accomplished under fifty minutes from Geelong. , - Professor Pearson, M.L.A., (says the Age) arrived from England by the - City, of London, at about twelve o'clock on Saturday nigLt, and appears in excellent ne&lth;, having enjoyed "a thoroughly agreeable passage. He was met by Mr Woods, U.L.A., at the Heads, and it was the intenfion otaeveral other memberarof tlie Ministry to jhave inet. the steamer on-its way up the bay. They were prevented from doing that, however, in consequenoe of the lalenees of tha hour at -which the -vessel .arrived.". On Sunday morning Mr. Pearson was met by Messrs Patterson and Longxoore, with whom he proceeded on board the .Nelson, where the party spentsome time: Subsequently, Mr Pearson took-np . his quarters. At the Port Phillip Club Hotel, in Flinders street. An .interview took place on Saturday between the manager of the Melbourne Meat Reserving .Company and the Chief Secretary, atrwhich some practical suggestions (says tbe Argus) were -discussed for modifying the stock tex. Mr Berry ^stated that the Government had no desire whatever to collect. duty on sheep intended to be converted into -preserved mutton for export. He -proposed an arrangement for returning to the sheepiuwper the:amount of the tax collected oil sheep actually bought and used by meat-preserving com-' panieB, "but" stated that under, no circumstances Qcould it be withdrawn in the case of sbeep and ^cattle sold. in. the open market for local consumption. ~ .-The representative of the company under itook to place Mr Berry's views before tbe directors, ifind Tcommunicate with the Government on an early day. ' The residents of Apollo Bay, most of -whom 4iave gone there, within the last three or four years and taken families - srith them, had quite a 1 fiel ija'ay on tbe 12th instant, to celebrate the opening of the State school at that place; the Cawood family -providing all the requisites* for a good tea £or the parents on that day,. and a substantial feast for the children on tbe day following. The following appeared.in yesterday's Age:— S"The Daily Telegraph Company, Limited, wh have recently commenced an action against the Chief Secretary on a trumpery charge of .libel, ihave placed themselves in a somewhat difficult position. The Newspaper^.Act prohibits the_publicatiou of any newspaper until it is registered, -and registration involves the maldng of an affi- davit by the proprietors. The'..proprietors of the Telegraph, being a limited liability company, cannot make an affidavit. It is against the policy of the law that a newspaper should belong to an ostensible proprietary of more than one or two individuals, who-are necessarily liable for the consequences of whatever they may publish to an -unlimited extent, both in their property and their persuna. In order to get over the difficulty, an affidavit has been made by the printer and publisher, but it is not in accordance with the "requirements of tbe act of Parliament. The result may be very serious to our con temporary. It is a moot -question amongst lawyers whether a limited liability company is ~~ liited as regards an action for a tort, and it may .unpleasant for the Daily Telegraph Company Limited, to findthemselves -liable both in respect to their persons and their means. 1 " The Argus says-that Mr John Peneam, the largest shareholder in the Queen's Birthday Com pahy, was buried at Dnnolly on Saturday. It is probable (says the Age) that the Assembly will he occupied during the present, wefik-elmost' exclusively «ith tbe debate on the second reading of : the .Reform Bill, which will be moved by Mr Bary.ion Tuesday evening. .It is the intention of the Ministry to lay before a meeting of-liberal members their proposals with regard to the modification of the . tariff,-and subsequent^ the. House will go into committee, in order that the commercial portion of. the community may be afforded the necessary information as to tbe shape-which the alterations "are likely to take. After this, however, the reform debate will be pushed on with as little delay as possible, but must of course occupy a Considerable time if hon. members intend to express their views at any length. The stamp-tax (says the Argus),. to be introduced by tbe Government in lieu of the Customs duties, which they propose to abandon, will deal with promissory-notes, cheques, and receipts.. ,-All documents relating" to money transactions will, in fact, require to bear the Government stamp, the valne -of-tbe stamp to range'with "the amount represented by the document. Referring to a recent-death at Kerang from hydatids of the liver,-a. correspondent of the Bendig Advertiser states that the "rabbit nuisance is likely to soon come to tbe front in another form, it being an expressed medical opinion that this disease, which is another nsme for fluke,is spread by the use of rabbits' flesh for hnmaufood." A a&d; aecideDt {says the A rgus) occurred in the hunting-field on. Saturday, resulting in the death of Mr W.-P. Bowes, who for very many years past has occupied a" prominent place in sporting circles. Mr Bowes was out with the Melbourne hounds when his horse fell with him, and the nnfortunate gentleman was precipitated on to his head, receiving injuries which ultimately proved fatal. He was brought in from die scene of the accident, a distance of sixteen miles, in the deer cart, and was attended by Mr James and Mr Fitzgerald, who saw from the first that recovery was impossible. Mr Bowes lingered until late on Sunday night, when his death occurred. A gentleman who returned to Siawell on Saturday from a run through the Wimmera. district, and into that; of the. Bichardson, informs the P. C. -News that be never saw the country looking better or so well grassed. Five days of steady rain had done wonders for the natural vegetation, and the grain crops were looking healthy and full of pro mise. The late frosts had kept things back i. little, hut coming as they did before the rain they have not. done any damage to the growing corn. The Wimmera was running freely wherever onr informant came across it, which it bad not done for many months before. On tbe whole the future of the district was looking bright and healthy. 