A FATAL BUSH"FIRE. The Border Post of the 1st inst. thus re cords; an extensive and fatal bush fire "Last "Wednesday, February 26th, 'will longbe remembered as one of the most dis astrous days for the district that it has ever seen. At about half-past 9 o'clock the ■wind increased to tremendous force, and dense clouds of dust swept over town and coun try. The storm continued unabated until 12 noon, when the wind veered to the westward, and then, although it had not much diminished in force, the dust ceased to fly.' It was now seen from town that , several extensive: bush fires were burning to the west, north-west, and north-east; and much anxiety was' felt as to the damage they might do. The' most disas- I trous fife was that whose smoke was seen to the north-eastward, and which swept a large tract of country from .Worrolong to several miles beyond the border of the colony. The reflection on the dark banks of clouds, that threatened rain but brought none, as seen from Mount Gambier, was very fine. The wind continued strong until about 11 p.m.', and the fire continuedits progress until then uninterruptedly. The scene of desolation that presented itself on Messrs Kilsby's and Renfrey's properties on Thursday morning, when our reporter visited Red Camp, was most melancholy. The highest gum trees were scorched be yond recovery, ruins of fences and huts showed themselves around, and the bare sandhills on Mr Kilsby's property, de prived of all their scant vegetation, looked as white and shifting as hummocks on the searshore. Dead and- wounded sheep were lying in groups in every direction, and scores of brush kangaroo, stupefied or wounded by the fire, were Jumping about, and in many cases, would hardly move out of the way. It is hard to esti mate the total loss by the fire, but the damage is probably close on £6000. An old man named "Win. Oak, shepherding for Mr R. D. Renfrey, wlule hastening with his sheep out of danger, was over taken by the fire and literally roasted. He was brought in to the Hospital, but died soon after." 