ROSEDALE SHIRE COUNCIL. THURSDAY, APRIL 3. Present: The President, and Crs. Mill, Mooney, Christensen, Breed, Steadman, Murren, and Mangan. On the usual motion for confirmation of the minutes, a discussion arose on the omission therefrom of Cr. Steadman's mo- tion re the loan, carried at the previous meeting. Cr. Steadman complained that the President had attempted to suppress the record; he had not initiated the motion when carried. The President warmly de- nied that he had wished to suppress any thing in relation to the loan; it was true that he had omitted to initial Cr. Stead- man's motion as having been carried, but his neglect to do so was quite accidental. After some discussion, Cr. Steadman's motion was included in the minutes, which were then passed. The President, having moved the sus- pension of standing orders, drew attention to the following notice of motion, standing in Cr. Steadman's name :-" That this council disapprove of the action of the President in calling a meeting at Wurruk re loan question, at the request (as the mover believes) of Mr Wm. Pearson, of Kilmany Park." The President said that as this motion reflected upon him very seriously, he should leave the Chamber while it was being discussed. Cr. Mangan also left the Chamber, and there was no quorum. The President, on being in- formed of this state of things, returned to his seat, in order that payments might be passed and tenders dealt with, but would refuse to take part in any other business until Cr. Steadman's motion had been dis- posed of one way or another. Cr. Stead- man offered to postpone his motion for a month. The President refused to re- main for so long a time under an im- plied censure, and after assisting to pass accounts and accept tenders (as reported in our last) left the Chamber. Cr. Mangan returned to his seat, and a quorum being formed, Cr. Christensen was voted to the chair. Cr. Steadman's motion, which was seconded by Cr. Christensen (but only, Cr. C. said, for the purpose of having it dis- cussed), was then considered. Cr. Stead- man expressed his opinion that the Presi- dent, who was known to be opposed to the loan, ought not to have called the meeting at Wurruk, and he believed that the President had so acted at the instigation of Mr Pearson. It was replied, on behalf of the President, that he had acted as a representative of Denison upon a requisi- tion from his constituents, and not at the request of Mr Pearson. On the motion being put, only the mover voted for it. Cr. Steadman thereupon tendered his resignation, and left the Chamber. The President expressed his gratification at the result of the debate, resumed his seat, and business was proceeded with. CORRESPONDENCE. From John Collyer, urging the necessity of having the road from Mirboo to Mor- well, and known as Johnson and Ander- son's track, opened ; as also the road through Walsh's selection.- Received. From the secretary to the trustees of the Prospect recreation reserve, expressing surprise at the Council's decision on Mr P. Clement's application for a road through the reserve, as reported in the public press, and enquiring if such reports record the Councils decision accurately.- Deferred pending reference to the Minister of Lands. From John Nicholson, referring to fencing in his land at Flinn's Creek, in which is included a bridge formerly erected by Cribbins, for private and not public use. From Joseph Fitzgibbon, asking for a road to be opened through his selection at Tyers Creek, and a bridge to be con- structed.- Deferred for consideration. From Patten and Bencraft, as solicitors for Mr Wm. Wood, applying for £40 damages for the loss of a mare, killed through injuries in falling over an em- bankment at Hill-top, and £1 is costs, and that unless the same is paid by 5th April, legal proceedings will be taken. The Council will defend the action, their attor- ney being Mr Wise. From Lands office, furnishing plan of J. Walsh's land at Morwell.- Further in- formation required. From the same, with reference to the fencing in of 10 acres of land on the Rosedale Common, on which the cattle yards stand, stating that that is a matter for the managers to deal with subject, if fenced from surplus commonage funds, to the consent of the Board of Land and Works.- Received. From J. H. Jagoe, stating that there is a difference of opinion at Mirboo as to the best route for the road between Manton's house and the river, and suggesting that as two roads are required each should be subsidised.-- The Engineer to inspect. From the Rosedale Common herdsman, requesting instructions as to impounding, etc.-The Engineer to define boundaries upon which the herdsman may impound. From Oliver Wentworth, asking the two-chain roads bounding his selection might be defined.- The Engineer to give the necessary instructions. From James Rogers, asking for remis- sion of his rates for 1878, and the 1879 rate to be reduced owing to losses through bushfires.- Received. From the Borough of Warrnambool, relative to the fees on transferred grocers' colonial wine licenses, which the Council are informed the Crown is not entitled to, and asking the Council's co-operation. - The Council consented. From the Fine Arts Committee of the Melbourne International Exhibition, rela- tive to employing competent photographers to take a series of views in the various districts. From Geo. Traill, with a petition from ratepayers at Denison, objecting to Coun- cillor Pedersen's application for a part of the wood and water reserve at Denison. Applications were received for the ap- pointment as Inspector of Slaughteryards, from F. Keon, Senior- constable of Police; for slaughteryard licenses, from P. Mur- ren and Gee. H. Rintoul, Rosedale, and Hy. Cribbins, Toongabbie.- All granted. MOTIONS. The following motions were carried : Moved by Cr. Breed, seconded by Cr. Murren- That this Council comply with the prayer of the petition from the Morwell, in reference to defer their intention of carrying a road through James M'Donald's selection. Moved by Cr. Breed, seconded by Cr. Mill-That tenders be called for at next meeting for 30 chains of drainage asked for by Thomas Gooding; also that Thomas Gooding's offer in reference to clearing all dead timber be accepted. Moved by Cr. Christensen, seconded by Cr. Mangan-- That the secretary be instruc- ted to appear at the Land Board, to op- pose Mr P. Pedersen's application for the reserve on the Thomson River below Gibson and Knox's bridge, Denison. Moved by Cr. Mooney, seconded by Cr. Christensen- That tenders be called by next meeting for clearing and draining one chain road from Pratt's-lane to three-chain road along Scarne pre-emptive right towards Tyers. Moved by Cr. Murren, seconded by Cr. Mill- That the hon. the Minister of Rail- way be solicited to have the line between Oakleigh and Melbourne opened for heavy traffic as soon as possible, as a large number of farmers are waiting to forward their grain. Moved by Cr Mill, seconded by Cr Breed \- That this Council respectfully request Mr District Land Officer Cooper to cause the reservation of five acres of forfeited land on the forfeited selection of - Edlin, jun., at Loy Yang for State school purposes, a trac- ing of said land being in the Education Office, Melbourne. Moved by Cr. Mooney, seconded by Cr. Christensen- That tenders be called by next meeting for works from three-chain road between James Rodgers' and C. Christen- sen's to north corner of Dr. Macdonald's log fence, according to plans and specifications prepared by the engineer. Moved by Cr. Mangan, seconded by Cr. King-That Cr. Mangan and the Engineer be authorised to arrange with the contrac tors for contract No. 2 1 79 to make good the deficiency of gravel found under sand hill. Moved by Cr. Maugan, seconded by Cr. King-That tenders be called for next meet ing for forming the worst part of the two- chain road on both sides of Traill's, known as the Cowwar road. Moved by Cr. Mill, seconded by Cr. Breed That this Council request the Secretary of the Education department to secure the re- servation of five acres of land recently for feited by Edlin, jun., situate at Loy Yang. near Upper Flinn's Creek, for State school purposes, and that this resolution be for warded in care of F. C. Mason, Esq., M.L.A., at tracing of said land, and also memorial in favour, is now at the Education Office, Mel bourne. Moved by Cr. Mill, seccnded by Cr. Breed -That plans, &c.;, be prepared for forming and draining (and grubbing half a chain wide of trees and stumps) at Cowwar, from Nelson's corner to D. O'Brien's, about 20 chains. Moved by Cr. Breed, seconded by Cr. Mill- That Mrs Windsor, of Traralgon, be not charged riding rates for 1878. Moved by Cr. Christensen, seconded by Cr. Mooney- That tenders be called for by next meeting for a culvert over Eaglehawk creek. between Mr Walker's and Mr King's selections, cost not to exceed £40. Moved by Cr. Murren, seconded by Cr. Mill- That tenders be called by the En- gineer for works on Johnny-all-Sorts lane, as twice previously authorised by this Council, returnable at next meeting or meeting after, according to the convenience of the En- gineer, consistent with his other duties. Moved by Cr. Mill, seconded by Cr. Breed -That plans and specifications be prepared for culvert or log crossing at north-west corner of Stamers's selection, Loy Yang. Moved by the President, seconded by Cr. Maugan- That tenders be called by next meeting for cutting an outfall drain, Rose- dale to Sale road, as requested by Cr. Pedersen. Moved by Cr. Mangan, seconded by Cr. King- That tenders be called by next meet- ing for clearing and burning off road, and cutting table drains, the stuff excavated to form half formation and otherwise making trafficable the road leading from Marnell's to Nambrok, on Toongabhbie road. CR. STEADMAN'S RESIGNATION. The President referred to the clauses of the Act relative to the resignation of coun- cillors, and, after a slight discussion, it was decided that Cr. Steadman's resignation be accepted, and the secretary take the neces- sary steps for an extraordinary election. The Council then adjourned. 