HOME SPUN GEOLOGY CON TINUED. (To tho Editor oftho Border Watch,) Sin,-To a stronger passing along the peaty swamps of tho drained land, that portion of the dark stratum beneath the spongy surfaoe, pre* sents the appearanco of rloh loam; yet it is not such ; if submitted to the test of the mloroscope I have no doubt it would prove to bo a conglo merate composed of tho debris of the fresh water mollusca with a sufficient quantity of decompo sed vegetation to make it igneous, and give it the loamy nppearanco. When dry, It is hard ftnd tough, and burns to the last, leaving lime for nolies, a proof of its mollusonn composition. When these peaty swamps become thoroughly dry, unless means are used to flood them, in cnse of a general bush-fire, some of the farmers will one day And themselves minus their area. Had these swamps been left to nature, the pent would continue growing until it would attain to the wntcr-level, tho mollusca could proceed no further, the subsequent increment would be pure loam, free from tho caloarlons element, nnd ready for the growth of timber, &o;, I regard these peaty swamps as coal in its earliest Btnge of formation, but a» the theory of conl formations, as as taught by geologists, is well known to your leaders, eaoh may mentally carry out the pro cess, nnd ncoopt or rejuot the idea as suits him. The upper portion ot the peat is thiokly studdod with sliells, in tho lower portion they are invisible to the naked eye, and again many of the largest shells are imbedded in substratum of hard rook. This leads to tho inference that somo other organized agency is following in the wake of the mollusca, pulverizing their shells to bo utilized in forming the fresli water vock beneath the neat, while the largest shells, being too much for their grinders aro left to be enveloped by the potrifying element. Although the rook alluded to is of fresh water origin, the petrifying clement is probably a constituent of tne ocean, When we consider the weight of the atmosphere pressing on the ocean, the weight of the ooenn pressing on the submergod portions of the globej their combined influeuco should foroe tho water into the interior and keep all parts of the globe that aro on n level with the ooonn iu a saturated condition, and tho water may thus be found any where at the ocean level, except where dammed baok by impervious strata, awUhls water divested more or less of its saline qualities acoording to the degree of filtration it undergoes inperoolating through the Btrata. Yet the petri fying ingredient may be of too volatile a nature to bo Impeded by filtration, and as it proceeds petrifies in favouring localities. That the rook beneath the peat is of fresh water origin, and its formation literally as reoeni as yesterday, U no hypothesis, but a positive fact. These sliella are very fragile, ana oannot be older than the peat, and yet they are older than the rook, for they could not pojietrato this hard rook after the rook had been consolidated. A good sample of the rook containing shell may be seen near Mr. Talbot's residence. Brooding over these pre mIks has led to tho inforence that tho unstratl fled rooks are rooks of fresh water origin, gradually bursting through the stratified rooks By tho. force of their natural development, rather than being suddenly ejected in a molten state ; that igneous rook is a misnomor, and the idea of their igneous orgin altogether a mistake. The gold is a foreign ingredient in the quartz quite us much as the fossils of a land animal is a foreign element in the limestone. Had the gold and quartz been ejeoted In a fused state the gold, acoording to the law of gravita tion would separate from the lighter material, and how a molten mass would maintain Its mas slveness in an elevated position, without pouring or spilling its contents abroad, is a mystery of book lore inconsistent with oommon sense. The igneous rooks, I believe, are rooks of fresh water origin, in the oourse of their formation gleaning up the ores as the stratified rooks glean up Bhells, &o.; It is only in exceptional oases that rooks formed deep beneath the surface o»n show any signs of a former organism, so that their want of it is no proof of igneous origin. It may ho the normal funotion or the fresh water rooks to repair the ravages caused among the stratified rooks by earthquakes and volcanio eruptions, in filling up great rents and fissures, and by the loroe of their devolopement pushing, orushlng, and consolidating the whole orust of the globo. In our own neighborhood, the underground streams, the numerous small caves, the liollow sounds emitted in some places, tend to show the ? unfinished, and unconsolidated stato of our sub terranean architecture. If my ideas be not chimerioal, until all these subterranean pas sages are filled up by the developement of fresh water rook, diverting these subterranean streams to the surfaoe, giving us springs and surfaoe water courses, until that is accomplished, the surface is always subject to a collapse, and we may any day nave more Blue Lakes than one of the lattor. Although the rocks have been elevated by volcanio agenoy, I question whether the lake ever was the crater of a volcano; at all events there is no ovldenco to show that it was formed by any process more interesting than the falling in of the dobris held in the embrace of the rocks, while tho rocks werp be ing elevated to their present position. Such a vulgar idea will of oourse be scouted, because it would donude the Blue Lako of muoh of its poetry. It is said that a gentleman in the vloinlty of Millioent has in his possession tho tusk of some extinct land animal found in one of the drains. There must be some mistake in this, these fiats are of such recent state that they oannot be the repository of any suoh prlmevil fossil. More likely it is the tooth or tusk of some monster of tlie deep, I respectfully remain, Sir, Your obdt. Serft. KEITH MCINTOSH. 