NEW SOUTH WARES. Sydney, Friday. During the week a good deal of lil'd has been infused into the betting market. Bos worth has not been supplanted in the place for first favourite for both Leger and Cup, In the Champagne Stakes, Nellie aud Petrea are each backed to win money at 4 to 1, and that price is still offered, none of the others receiving any suf pom worth mentioning. For the St. Leger Bosworth holds the pride of place, and 6 to 4 has been taken on him, 5 to 1 against His Lord ship, obtainable; 5 to 1 against Vulcan For the Cup — 4 to 1 against Bos- worih is the best ofter. Savanuka is quoted at 8 to 1. Olivia has risen ra pidly in the public favour during the week, consequent on her morning's doings. She has been backed to win, and a good deal of money has been placed on her as she now stands. 10 to 1 has been offered, bnt is not freely taken. Satirist has also received sup port, and Soothsayer and K.C.B. aud Soothsayer aud Bosworth are occasionally backed for the double. Betting on L "el- and Cup are almost a dead letter, a in consequence of Bosworth being so hot for the Leger, the treble events vary from 1000 to 5, to 100 to 20. The latest Cup betting is as follows: Bosworth 4 to 1 offered, and 5 to 1 aa'anted ; Sa- vauaka, S to 1 offered ; Chester and Toeal each 10 to 1 offered ; K.G.B., 12 to 1 offered, and 14 to 1 taken and wanted ; Satirist, 14 to 1 taken and offered ; Soothsayer, 14 to 1 offered. Three-Mile, Beechaadrth. — A corres pondent Avrites : — Mining affairs are A"ery dull here at present, so far as regards the finding, 01 the working of old quartz reefs, and the same may he said of the al- luvial workings in the outlying districts. Of nonrse, attor the heavy ramlail 01 last Avinter, all tlie creek claims, so far as tliey liaA'e washed up, luwe yielded better re turns than they have done for the last three years ; but the large claims, using the largest a'olumes of Avater, and giving employment to the greatest number of men, liaA'e as yet but partially Avashed up, so that as the amounts of gold from these are not ascertained, the mining prosperity of the creek can only be surmised. Mr Pund, who has been employing about 20 hands for some time, has Avashed one of his paddocks, Avith a yield of 422oz of gold. He having a large portion of his Avork yet to finish, it may fairly be predicted that his entire washing up Avill be something quite above the average of late years. It Avould seem that the alluvial lands in the a'alley of the Three-Mile, aa'hen under skilful manage ment, are more productive of cereal crops, than those outside this vicinity. In proof of this I may state that Mr Robert Goodyear from a field of 40 acres or 1 thereabouts of Avheat obtained a return of 15 bushels per acre this season, Avhile Mr Pyle, from rather less than 11 acres, had 30 tons of splendid hay. I Avas highly gratified last aa'eek Avith a ramble over Mr Pyle's a'ineyard, aa'liicli I found looking quite a-igorous and luxuriant. The pre sent' crop of grapes, I consider to be better than it Avas last year, the fruit seems better developed and possessed of a richer bloom. From the care and attention bestowed by the proprietor in applying sulphur to the vines in tlie early summer, not the slightest trace of oidium or that dread scourge, phylloxera vastatrix, Avas to be seen ; in fact, everything here is in such perfect order that notliing Avliatever ex traneous exists, not a Aveed, not a blade of grass to interfere Avitli the trim and sym metrical appearance of the Avliole a'ine yard. The recurrence of St. Patricks Dav is a matter of «reat concern to tlie children of the district, for the holding of a grand picnic on that day is quite a re cognised and stereotyped affair. The 17th of the present month Avas, lioAvever, a dav of too much rain and gloominess of aspect to make a resort to sylvan shades and leafy boAvers agreeable, and tlie in genuity of the manager of the fete Avas exercised, in order to render available some means of passing the day pleasantly. Accordingly some 300 children Avere as sembled at the Library Hall, where high festivity Avas held. The usual distributions of prizes Avere made, and all, young and old regaled to their heai-t's content on all sorts of dainties. A great number of the general public usually present Avere, under the peculiar circumstances, un avoidably absent, yet the day Avas enjoy- ably passed, and the evening Avound all up AA'itli a merry dance. It is a pleasing sign of the times that a fife and drum band lias been organised here, Avliich, under the direction of Mr Hartmann, is undergoing a process of tuition. There can be no doubt that a certain refining influence which results from a love for and cultivation of music helps greatly to restrain boys from becoming thorough paced larrikins. A Nuisance. — W e have for a long timp, says the Dispatch, been at a loss' to know- wno Iooks alter some 01 tlie glaring nuisances within the Borough of Wan"a ratta, although there is an officer appoin ted for that purpose and a handsome salary provided. Recently for some wieks >o.ne persons nave been .shooting rubbish in at least one of the unoc-eu pied blocks near the corner of Ford- street and Ovens-street. Lately they have not been satisfied Avith depositing inoffensive matter, but shoot filth of the worst descri ption. The stench, bad enough at all timiis, is nearly intoler able in certain states of tlie atmosphere, and poisons the whole neighbourhood. In fact, it is a regular hotbed of disease, and if it could not actually create an epi demic, it offers "the - very best condition for fostering the. germs should such -un happily urise. We believe the hllotmeiit is purchased property, but the Council, as the local board of health, have ample powers to enforce abatement of the nuis ance. . . - Oxley Mems. — Our correspondent Avrites : — At the police corn't on Wednes day, before Mr C. Gardner, J- P., the following cases Avere heard : — J olin Dodd v John Breeu : claim £7 10s, for rent of premises at Wliorouty. Adjourned to the 16tli April, to suit the convenience of the defendant, the complainant agreeing to the extended adjournment. Thomas Ellis, inspector of licensed premises and liquor, of Wangaratta, v John DeA'ery, of Tarra- Avingee : for selling tAA'o glasses of colonial beer, lie not being an agent or servant of a person licensed in that behalf. Tliis case Avas adjourned to the 2nd April. John Devery said where he resided was much nearer to the El Dorado court of petty sessions. Some definite arrangement ought to be made as to the boundaries of Oxley and El Dorado Courts. Many summonses are transferred from one court to the other, 011 account of defendants stating that they reside nearer to the one than the otliex-. Much inconvenience is caused to complainants, defendants, and aa'itnesses, by the non-attendance of honorary justices or the police magistrate. Cases liaA'e occurred at this court aa'here complainants and defendants have LUlllL OW'iOv; j Ullb bilUiU llcL V 111! UlllJ UvWi one magistrate present, he declined to enter into the cases, although both parties Avere Avilling, and had on each occasion travelled twenty four miles. The com plainant in one of these cases says that tlie amount of debt (£7 10s), ii recovered, AA'ill not repay him for his loss of time, and he Avill alloAV the matter to go to the County Court. Notwithstanding dullness of times, dancing has been the order of the evenings at MilaAva on Tuesday and Wed nesday. O11 tlie first mentioned evening the young gallants were not so numerously represented as their fair friends ; but on the last the beaux Avere more numerous than the belles, so that there Avas 110 oc casion for tAvo of the latter to dance to gether. This aa'as as it ought to be. Tavo graceful girls, Aviiirling round either in a Avaltz or schottisclie, look Avell ; but I am much mistaken, if each had a good dancing partner of the opposite sex, she would prefer it to one of her own. There is some talk of readings 011 agricultural and mineral subjects, and 011 natural his tory, being inaugurated for the benefit of the rising generation. It is also intended to invite young maidens and young men, as Aveli as the scholars at the schools, to send in papers on the subjects of natural history. I trust that an impetus may thus be giA'cn to the intellectual faculties that may result in benefits, present and future, to the parties avIio inaugurate and aid in getting up such discussions and readings. It is not intended that the wnvix i»n-A <1 ni re a! ahiaavs will mi CI T.IP lllul V» VI »» ill themes. Rules are to be made for the speakers to discuss tlicm, so that argu ments for and against may he brought forward. I Avish success to such an under taking, and shall aid it to the utmost of my ability. Farmers arc getting busy for tlie ploughing, and many liaA'e already commenced. Tlie hops grown in this neighborhood have nearly all been des patched to Melbourne. Mr Henley, of Richmond, has forwarded eight tons of Avell-prepared hops. The judicious ex penditure incurred by MrHeliley in erect ing a Persian water wheel to raise Avater from the river, and thus irrigate Ms plantation, is now being rewarded by the unexceptionable good yield. To a great Gxtent it places liim in a position so as to be independent of uncertainties caused by a contuiueu arougnt. 1 trust tnat otner groAvers of tobacco and hops may, Avlien the necessary adjuncts are procurable, take other or similar means to irrigate their plantations, Avlien, 110 doubt, a similar successful issue Avould ensue. Rouka" Mountain Extended Gold Sluicing Company (Limited), Spring Creek, Beechavorth. — At the meeting of the above company held on Thursday evening, the mining manager reported that lie had. measured the Avork done in the tunnel during the previous four aa-eelcs, and found that 81 feet had been driven in that time. This is splendid Avork, as it gives an average of 131 inches of hard solid rock every shift of eight hours, or over 11 inch every hour. The total distance driven to date is 1945 feet, and as the entire length of tlie tunnel is 2400 feet, it Avill not not take more than six months to complete this great under taking. The contractors fully expected to get soft ground during a large portion of their driving, but not one inch of soft ground has been met aa'itli. The boring machines are Avorking in the most satis factory manner, and there is 110 difficulty in clearing and ventilating tlie tunnel after every series of blasts. Washing up operations Avith the old tail-race are being carried on a"igorousty, and are expected to be finished about the 10th April. Already over 400oz liaA'e been taken out from the small boxes and groimdsluiees, and the mining manager expects quite as much from tke main boxes. Serious BushFires. — The results of the bush fires which broke out near Boo tali- pool on Tuesday, and extended throughout Wednesday, are now ascertained to haA'e been more serious than Avas atfirstreported. ' Although the weather had a feAv days previously been shoAvery, the fire was fed as in the height of summer. Mr M'Kellar's auia aiiu. jri uvinsuii 5 were ureu uu improve the feed, but the Aveatlier being dry and the wind suddenly imcreasing the fire got the mastery of the beaters and spread rapidly to the adjoining properties. The principal sufferers are Messrs M'Kellar, Atkinson and Cruiksliank, squatters, and Messrs Colin, Edwards aud Dalgleisli, farmers. The three latter have lost nearly all the grass feed, and much of their fencing. Tlie total length of fencing lost by all the sufferers is estimated at 100 miles, counting the cross fences in. Some stone fences saved the total destruction of Edwards's property. Dalgleisli Avas absent on business at Belfast, and did not knoAv until he met the mailman yesterday after noon that he had lost every thing but his house. It is suppose, that after the fire first started some SAvagnicn ignited fresh spots, as three distinct fires came sweep ing doAvn on Edwards's place. There are about forty poles burnt down 011 the Portland and Belfast telegraph line, and hence messages could not be sent through last night or this morning. — Argus. The English Mail. — The R.M.S. Tanjore anchored in Hobson's Bay at half-past tAveh'e o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, five days eleven hours in ad vance of contract time. The mail Avas delivered in this district on Thursday after- noon. Snakiana. — We haA'e not told a "snake yarn" in these columns for sometime past, and therefore present our readers Avith the folloAving, just as it AA-as related to us On Monday afternoon a man" named Richard Hughes in the employment of Mr,R. Impey, butcher, of Spring Creek, BeecliAvorth, Avhile at .work' in a paddock adjoining the slaughfceryards, came across a large black snake basking in the smi. The reptile's head was soon sua ered from its body; which on being measir. ed proved to5 be'six feet in length and tin end a Ka.1f- inches in circumference. On cu ting open the snake, which proved to be a female,' fourteen young ones fully matured Avere discovered — some being fr >:n 12 to 14 inches long— and Avere speedily espatched. We have heard of several sin. Res of a lesser size than this one having been killed hereab'oiits. Messrs J. H. Gray and Co's. Sale. — On Saturday, April 5th, the above firm Avill offer for sale at the premises, . Oxley, under instructions from the administratrix in the estate of the late Mr D. McGregor, 654 acres of superior agricultural land known as Rats' Corner, situated on the Tea Garden Creek, near Milawa ; 201 acres agricultural and grazing land knoAvn as the Forest paddock ; together with all the farm, stock and implements, which are of large a'alue. On the folloAving Tuesday, at Clifton, near BeecliAvorth, Avill be offered Mr Hiram Hoj'le's farm, of 42 acres freehold land, and farming implements. Amateur Entertainment. — On Mon day evening next an amateur musical and dramatic entertainment is announced to take place in the OddfelloAvs' Hn.ll, Beech- Avorfch. If the excellence of the pro gramme and the well-known ability of the several amateurs aimounced to take part be accepted as any criterion, then the entertainment aa'ill be one of the most successful of these ever popular gatherings ever held in this or any other toAvn in the colony. Then, again, there is another reason to make us bslieA'e that the n.Rmi fi- ance Avill be numerous — the object is io raise funds in aid of the local fire-brigade, aa'liicli is an invaluable institution, as was exampled at the late disastrous fire in BeecliAvorth, when, it must be remem bered that Avere it not for the firemen and their apparatus (110 av sadly out of repair) the aa'liole side of Camp-street would inevitably haA'e been destroyed. We make these ieAV remarks, considering them to be " aa'ords in season;" and hoping that the public Avill bear them in mind and not forget to fill the hall on the night in question, Ave promise them such an eve ning's amusement as they have not en joyed for a long time past. The concert portion of the programme contains several musical gems, to be rendered by such amateurs as Miss Ellard, Mesdames Kaye and Clcary, and Messrs Daniell, Hiclding, Canceller and Crone, with Miss Moore as accompanist ; and Mr Morgan, avIio do- lighted his hearers on the occasion of his last appearance before a BeecliAvorth audience, is to give a song aa'itli harp ac companiment. Part 2 consists of the popular and side-splitting farce of ' ' Poor Pillicoddy," the characters in aa'liicli are to be severalty sustained by Messrs F. BroAvn and Crooke, and Misses Ellard, Kelly and Warr. Tlie a'arious pieces are in course of active rehearsal, and aa'ill, we can in truth assure our readers, he pre sented in a highly finished form to, and one that Avill call forth the admiration of, the crowd that aa'ill assemble, Ave feel srn'e, to listen to the entertainment. Mr J. R. Crone is the general manager — aud this is another reason why a treat may be ex pected — and Mr Daniell lion, treasurer. The Bartie Fund. — The final state ment of the lion, treasurer to this fund lias been published, sliOAving that subscrip tions amounting to £397 Cd ; and after deducting £29 Is, for actual expenses in curred, there remains a credit balance of £36S 5s. This in itself speaks volumes for the charitable feeling displayed to help a brother in need. A typographical error appeared in the statement as published in our Thursday's issue. It there appeared that the draft on the Bank of "Victoria aa'as £200, Avhereas it should have been £201. A Good Idea. — It has been suggested f linf Maeevs Kinm»TT Pn.Ai»pr\n /UMILI further utilise themselves aa'liile in Eng land, by giving lectures on the adA'antages of Victoria as a home for the unemployed but a\illing British Avorkmen. In the course of a short time tlie three millions borrowed aa'ill- have to be expended on Avorks both productive and unproductive, and additional labor in the colony Avill be absolutely necessary. To this end tlie Hon. Graham Berry could hold forth in White Chapel, Islington, and Lambeth ; while Professor Pearson could extend him self in the more classic localities. Mr Berry's total disregard and perfect iu- differcuce to the relative position of the letter H would endear him to the heart of eA'ery true cockney ; Avhile his old stock phrases of obligarcliy, slavery, &c.;, used by him Avith such telling effect on the stump and in Parliament would doubtless be x'eceived aa'itli rapturous approbation. Benalla Agricultural Society. — With reference to this Society the Ensign Avrites as folloAA's : — " We believe the Agricultural Society' to be a Benalla insti tution aa'liicli the public Avill not be Avil- lingly let die, but at present it appears to be suffering from atrophy. The meetings are a'ery poorly attended, and interest ap pears to be dying out of the affairs of the association — this, too, at a time Avhen the reserve is being put in order. It lias been suggested that one cause of the meetings not being avoII attendod is that the notice given to members by adA- ertisement is too short. As a rule, the meetings are adver tised on tlie date they are to be held, and country members cannot possibly receiA'e the intimation until too late in the day, or not till next day. A meeting, called in Tuesday's or Friday's papers, should cer tainly not be held till the day folloAving those dates." The Late Mr John Taylor. — It is Avith regret we have to record that the accident aa'liicli happened to this gentle- man, on ill on clay night, tiirougii ins jump ing out of tlie Yackandandali coach Avlien the horses bolted, has terminated fatally. When picked up he was unconscious, and Avas at once conveyed to Mr Brewer's house, aa"here he aa'as afterwards attended by Drs. Mousse', Fox, and Cleary. He only regained consciousness for about a quarter of an hour, 011 Wednesday, and died shortly after six o'clock 011 Thursday evening. On Friday a magisterial enquiry AA'as held at his residence, Finch Street, BeecliAA'orrh, aa'here the bocty had been re- moA'ed. The funeral took place 011 Friday afternoon, Avlien a large number of residents of the town and neighborhood testified to the esteem in Avhich the deceased Avas held. FeAv men in the district were more respected. It is now nearly 25 years since Mr Taylor came to Beechwortli, Avherehe enteredinto business as a grocer and dealer in furniture and hardware, under the style and title of Taylor and Gregory. They continued in business for upwards of twelve years, Avlien the firm dissolved, and Mr Taylor then re sumed his old trade of a carpenter, Avith but indifferent success. Nearly two years ago lie Avas appointed by the Board of Education as truant inspector for the district, in Avhich capacity he gave uni: versal satisfaction. Mr Taylor aa'as a man of a retiring disposition, open hearted ana run or Kmaiy reeling, ana besides lie could lay claim to what is so rai'e now-a- days in human nature— consistency. He professed to be a Christian, and lived up to his profession. As a prominent and active member of the Wesleyan Church, Mr Taylor did yeoman's service, filling at various times responsible offices, includ ing the superintendentship of the Sunday school, in Avhich lie took a great interest. We regret to learn that his family are left unproA'ided .for, his insurance policy bein" held by another, and it' would be a grace ful act if the Government would1 substan tially recognise the services of an efficient and useful officer. A . ' A tttfclu shaver; going on: an errand, met an acquaintance to Avhom he propounded1 the folloAving conundrum : "Why am I like .a penny V The other feilq-.v gave it up. "I am like a penny," said the Tittle man, " because I am one sent." . And lie went his way. Holiday Excursion Fares. — The Rail way Department intimate that during the Avinter months, commencing on Saturday, 5th April, the issue of tickets at Saturday excursion fares Avill be discontinued. Rev. M. Dyson. — According to the rules of the Wesleyan denomination no minister can remain in a place more than three years at a time," and as this gentle man has so fulfilled his course in Beech- Avorth, he has to depart, greatly to the re gret not only of his oavii congregation, but also of all avIio have had the pleasure of making Ms acquaintance. During his resi dence in Beechwortli Mr Dyson has proved his worth, and by his quiet unohtrusiveness Ms ready sympathy, and true CM-istian conduct, has Avon the respect of all. For ourselves, we can say that from Sir Dyson we have ever met Avith the greatest con sideration and courtesy, and AA'e greatly re gret his departure feeling assured Ms place will be hard to fill. He leaves next Areek for CresAvick, aa'here he is to be stationed, and 011 Sunday (to-morrow) evening Avill preach Ms farewell sermon in the Wes- le.yan Church, BeecliAvorth, when special allusion Avill be made to the deaths of the -lauc iimsoi O -J UUI1 J-ilJflUi lUlU u UlLii AXi.- eholls, both active, constant Avorking mem bers of the church. Beechworth Water-supply District. — In another column the United Shire of BeecliAvorth publish a list of the various roads and streets AvitMn the Borough, to Avhich Avater is laid 011 by the Council, and notify to the oAvners of tenements therein that they are required on or before the 1st of May next to cause a proper pipe and stop-cocks to be laid, so as to supply water from tlie main. " ourselatbs as others see us." — olit contemporary, the Benalla Ensign , writes : — The BeecliAvorth Annual SIioav on Thursday and Friday Avas a great success in eA'ery section, and the management simply perfection. Our Beechwortli neigh bors seem to liaA'e thrown lieai't and soul into the business, and gave an exposition of the agricultural and horticultural aa'ealth of the district almost beyond comparison. The horticultural section challenged com petition from any part of the colony, and Avas really magnificent. Through an over sight of the committee in not advertising in the Ensign , there were few persons from tliis part at the sIioav, and only two exhibitors, Mr T. H. Harrison, of Green Hills, and Mr Aslnnead, of Winton, both of whom exhibited some of the best colonial cheeses avo liaA'e tasted for a very long time. The first and second prizes Avere deservedly aAvarded to ill1 T. H. Harrison, and the Winton maker's Avere acRnowieagea to be superior to any others at the sIioav. Mansfield Races. — On the second day of the Mansfield races, the Mansfield Cup of 20 sovs. was Avon by Sir E. Bain's Nelly Darling, Avith Sir Tomkin's Stringybark second, and Grace Darling third. The race was a A'ery Avell contested one. Nelly Darling won the Shire Handicap of 25 sovs. on the previous day. Lea'y Again! — An American paper gives the following particulars of a scene in which LeA'y, the cornet-player aa'Iio per formed in these colonies, occupied a very conspicious postition : — Gilmore's Band, Avith LeA'y the comet-player, gave a con cert last night. The performance aa'as de layed half-an-hour by a constable seizing Levr's cornet on an attachment for a debt contracted by the musician Avlien h» gave a concert here some tAvo years ago. When the constable tried to serve the process at Troy House, Levy ran away, leaping into a sleigh containing SIme. De Slurska, making frantic hut ineffectual efforts to conceal the cornet about his person. The constable,' nothing daunted ,folloAved, and landed on Mme. De Murska's lap. The sleigh aa'as driven to the Music Hall, Avhere LeA'y jumped our, and ran up stairs bloAV- ing and shouting to the members of the band, ' : Throw him downstairs ! Kill Mm !" After the constable seized the cornet, LeA'y denied the OAvnership, hut as Mr Gihuore agreed to paj' the bill, the Avaiting audience Avas enabled to hear the dulcet songs of the much seized instrument. It is asserted that the cornet did not in fact belong to LeA'y, but Avas the property of the maker, Avliose lien upon it had never been discharged. Narrow Escape. — Mr John Boyd, of Devenish, had a narrow escape from a a violent death a few days since. Mr Boyd accompanied by his wife, says the Ensign , was riding along on horseback at Devenish. . Mrs Boyd stopped to speak to some one on the road, and her husband went on. He had not gone many yards when a giant limb parted from the stem of a tree just over his head, and fell to the ground with a crash. He was saved by the mare he was riding. Hearing the crack of the falling timber as it parted the frightened animal made a bound, nearly taking her from under her rider, but he being a good horseman stuck in the saddle, and was carried just clear of danger. A singular Providence appears to have thus saved the lives of both Mr and Mrs Boyd, who doubtless feel extremely thankful for their narrow escape from death, or at best serious injury. The Experimental Farm at Dookie. — The tender of Nathaniel IrAA'in, at £855 10s, has been accepted, for the erection of quarters, stabling, Ac , at the Experi mental Farm, Nalinga, Dookie South. A letter has been received by the secretary of the Benalla Agricultural and Pastoral Association from Mr Thompson, manager of the Experimental Farm, asking the society if it is anxious to have any experi ments tried 011 the farm in the growth of cereals, grasses, or root crops, and if so to forward particulars Avitliin a month. Mr Johnson at once called a meeting of tlie society, hut as the notice Avas rather short the farmers did not attend. As, however, another meeting is to be held on Tuesday the attendance Avill he fuller, and probably there aa'ill be some suggestions made Avith a view to secure the benefits offered by the manager of the farm. The opportunity is essentially one fcr attention at the hands of the farmers. — " Ensign." Woman and Her Boots. — According to " Figaro," aaTioh a Avoman has a new pair of shoes sent home lier actions are alto gether different from those of a man. She never shoves her toes into them, and pulls and hauls until she is red in the face and all out of breath, and then goes stamping and kicking about like mad, but pulls them on part of the Avay carefully, twitches them oft again to take a last look and see if she has got the right one, puts them on agarn, looks 11 h tkom rlroiunin o-Iyt cni?e \- — UUvJ III U just right, then takes another look, stops suddenly to smcoffi. out a wrinkle, twists round- and surveys them sideways, ex claims, " Mercy ! Iioav loose they are !" looks at them again directly in the front, works her foot round so they Avon't hurt her quite so much, takes them off, looks at the heel, the toe, the bottom, and the inside, puts them on again, Avalks up and doAvn the room once or twice, remarks to heir better half that she Avon't have tlieni at any price, turns in every possible direction and nearly dislocates her neck trying to see Iioav they look from behind. ba,cks off, steps up again, takes 30 or 40 fare well, looks, says that they make her feet look aAvful big, and ne\'er will do in the world, put3 them' off and on three or four times more, asks Her husband what lie thinks aboutit, and then pays no atten- to Avhat he Says;" goes through it all again, and finally says she'll haA'e to make them j do. It's a very simple , matter indeed. 1 Wesleyan. — The anmversary services of the Wesleyan Church, Beechworth, on Easter Sunday, Avhen sermons Avill he preached by the Rev. Wm. Brown, the newly-appointed minister. A tea and public meeting will also be held on the jj-ujuutiy evening iouoAving, Avnen tne several Protestant clergymen of the toAvn Avill deliver addresses. Mr W. L. Zincke. — The numerous friends of this gentleman will he glad to learn that he ,is progressing favourably towards recovery. Three of his ribs axe broken, but beyond this there is nothing serious. Everyone Avill be glad to see the old veteran about again. BeechayorthPolice Court.— On Thurs- day, before Messrs J. Turner and George Gammon, J.P.'s, there was only one small debt case heard— John Carew v James Brackenridge_: £4 4s, goods sold and work done. A verdict Avas given for the amount, AA'itli os costs. Benalla Water Supply. — Tlie Avater supply scheme for Benalla was mentioned at the last meeting of the Council, and re gret Avas expressed by Cr Roe in conse- ii.. 1 , . . . . . . iiucuu? ui me uuxumiciee appomtea at tne previous meeting not having met. He trusted the matter was not going to be shelved. The councillors generally thought a meeting should be held at once, and fixed the date of the next Council meeting at eleven o'clock as the hour for disenssing the subject. Cr Shortell is of opinion that it is not worth wMle Avaiting for the £10,000 anticipated out of the new loan, butthat other means mustbe adopted. "Ensign." Graceful Gifts. — On Saturday last the CMef Commissioner of Police, Captain Standish, presented Mounted-constable Maguire, Avho has been engaged in the search for the outlaws, Avith a handsome gold locket, on aa'kich was inscribed — " In remembrance of your kindness to Sambo. At the same time, Inspector O Connor, of tlie Queensland native police, says tke Benalla Standard , presented a silver-mounted riding-wliip to Mounted- constable LaAA'less, expressing 1ns grati tude to the two constables for theirkind and unremitting attention to the deceased aboriginal. Chilteun Park. — This park, says the Standard, never looked prettier than it did on Saturday afternoon. An afternoon's fishing in the lake had been allowed bv the council ; and it being reported there was a variety and lots of fish, almost all the juveniles and many of the seniors of the town became for the nonce worship- ners ot the gentle craft. Fishing rods Avere at a premium. Alas for the aspira- iiuua vi gxectb emu smaii no u a Due couicl be obtained for several hours. The day was a bright sunshiny one, utterly unfit for fishing in such a place as the park lake; besides the noise from the groups of young anglers scattered here and there aa'us sufficient to frighten any sensible fish. At last a nibble, and Mr John Henderson, better known as " cock of the walk" landed a black fish of about 8 ounces in weight. Further trial d:d not further prove the existence of fish. The black fish caught being the first fruits of the lake, was accorded great honour, and at the hands of the fair hostess .of the Hotel de Paris received his culinary dressing. We never tasted a. nicer fish, and trust to see many more like it. It has been suggested that instead of a Satur day's afternoon, fishing should be allowed all day. Then the desperate angler might get a quiet hour or so in the early morn, undistracted by a glare of the sun or the laughter of the rising generation ir tent on their sport rather than fish. As Burnand would say of them "Non Anglised Angeli, 51 bnt not from a piscatory point of vieAv. 