ODRCnYLElTER \----- 1 — O 1 . / .iPsEETH, January. 22, 1879: The bpenmgf ofthfe'Lsliye Gpuneil on the 15th inst; was'a'verytaiHe affair, lib cannon, " no - ooliiiiig. - - Nobody' -save. His Excellency the Governor.his Private Secretary, andius Aide-de Camp, to give eclat to the proceedinga, What was .done was as.quletip its- way as" the opening.' His EjHehcyshpeechyouhave . already received.: The proceedings of .the) Coun cil werebutTte reflexi The istahding orders ot -the House were- Suspended, -and the Amended -(?), Leah: Bill. was passed throughita.8eyeral_etage8 without discus- rion or coipnient of amr jdnid. This says bat Utifein.&vorof; &prc;'ntative Go- vemmehtiiia Crown'Colony. On the face of the; Bitt'. r there "-#as "a something that should- have - been discussed-1— a' some thing too' which it is -said would not have, escaped-dhe keen eyesoffhe member for GreenhjlghrjfJie had: fyMnin. .the ; House.? Buwstead of comment or. discussion the claims ofthe Bill were assented' to sub sUentiosXiA it "may very -fairly be ques tioned WKethef ' one among -the thirteen hon. - composed": the august assemblyknew exactly what they yere- domgforwhat they had done, when, all was t«iw eesent . to . a mea- Bure m.whicH.they took for granted before hand. ' ' " ' ' W esterft Australia. inay well pridef'her- rif «a 'J&ymsdmfc; opdj-ahd though good tobfcmen:i--ef.i business in her- mer chant v f aimers,- and -othen -gentlemen compnsmghecM.L.G.'s. : Men who woujd not defraud- their... neighbors,, however, arply toey might lopk after their . own interests and themselves. ;Xet "if- these men were told that" oh " "Wednesday, the 15th insL/ theybad neglected their duty, and had- sold their- country; they would probably, consider themselves hardly used, and would give-at-fiat denial -to.sjiehan accusation. What they, -did do. may be judged from the Tact that clause?.3, of , tire AjqendXooqL Apt,X)f 1879, .provides " That the Government, shall .appropriate " halfyeMy out'of' thb general revenues " and assete bf this C61otiy, a sum "suffi- " cientto. pibvide tfae half' year's- interest" " on the total) nominal/value of all dehen-. " tures issued (hgwduding any that may " have been -purehased- or redeemed " as " hereui-8fter.,provi(lei" Now, what is provided is that after:five years, froni "the first issue of debfentures, one per centr'shall be 8e€ aparE;annnally on the whole mnount of the loan toforra& sinking-fund for its redemption.- This.Tone per cent. - amounts to &2QQQ per yearj, and every, .year? this sum is ip be Appfied-tq the paying off of a certain . number of ' debentures' to" ' be drawn by lot or purchase, . thus reducing the number of the" debentures by 'say 20 ?er annum, until the whole' are extinct he total number of debentures - is' : 2000, and if -these fcre reduciatthe rateof 20 per aamun, a century, will elapse before the lean is paid off. But about the inter cat ? -t -Well, it follows, that it being pro vided by ; tbe Act that a sum equal to the inibBrest oh the hoihmal amount of all de bentures issuedehail be set apart from the revenuesHof the Colony yearly during the continuance of the loan, that sum, which- amoupte to&10,000pw eimmn, wiH only te required daring thefirst five year; of the Ipan, after which acontinually decreas ing sum will be sufficient to pay the yearly interest, but instead, of such being provided for, the rfcveree is the- case,: and "the full amoimtdf £i0,000 per annum has .to-be relsedfor toe purpose,: -but- which, most certainly cauDot, after toe fifth year, bp wholy applied. f or. thg - purpose. . It . . is useless, to say toat comment on thin is needless. Let us fancy a man of business borrowing say a £1000 to be paid by in stalments of £100 per annum during 10 years, and' agieeiiig to pay £5 per cent, on dilOOO f £60 -per annom> till the last £ 100 W8 paid off. : Where . is toe man that wouhLfor himself do such a thing? Yet practically this .appears, to be what our members have done for the Colony in the Amended Loan Act, 1879/ ' An Acclimatisation Society is projected for Westem Australia.- The. put-forward of toeprpmpters— unnamedrAsMr C. H. Compton,- pf Calcutta, who has been, stay ing in Perth, for. more than a" twelve month. Mr. Compton who Is well and de servedly lik«i,was formerly toe oiganist of toe Cathedral Church, of St. Paul, at Calcutta. He -sricefeeded !&: "-Trotter as organist at George's last-year. In music his taletits nre undeniable. Mr. Compton was, .on rhis ; arrival - here aimounGed as having -at hiardisposal a contract for 100,000- jarrah. -keepers - for -India, He wasdm prbmoter bf the, Beep -Biyer Tim ber Qomany; apd. ispcw, it i8.-sq,id,identi- fiedin connection with Mr. -Parry, son of. toe Bishop, in toecfoimarieQ- of, a com- panycto sfer ,.the ' blessing of ooal gas upoutheblie ofFiamautle, ..Mr/Cpmp- tonjs also -spokMi - of . as 'the . futaire con- tractor tor jhe pastern Railway— Fi-eman- tie,erto.iand-Gad(ifQrdline; - Inrailway constructioeuMb Cqmptoh;. is ' reposed to have lq large aqd. remuQerative experi ence Bfe'BCtiiinaristion - scheme deser- ve%nd4tis to.bopV5'-.<nmnd success/ y- -j . ;/. / ,j . / > By-toe-bye Mr. Parry's gas work scheme are good things in their, way; but > how do they harmonize with -bis position) as a Government official ? Is it > quite toe thing for a Government man to -push' his private projects under a > public subsidy ? People rill talk. The Inquirer to-day, has, it is said; > been coming out very strong in blasphemy. It is rumoured that several of toe > Heads of Departments have - taken umbrage at the parody Jt>y Cog. of jtoe > 1st, chapter of toe hi favor of Mr. James, Commissioner of ; Titles, and con > sider toattoey were equally entitled to be exalted "before the public as > isthe worthy. Commissioner whose merit and talents none can. deny. . Report > has gone so. far as to say -that that most exemplary of offi cials, toe > Auditor General, has hinted that toe epistle of St. Jude might' be advan > tageously paraphrased with reference to toe exigencies of his case. " "The: > season is. a very sickly one in the city. ' The death rate has been > exception ally high. Infant mortality has assumed proportions which are > appalling. "No less than thirty infants are reported to have died during the > past ten days. The wea ther has hot been bright and seasonable. It is eltber > hot, close, and cloudy, or clondy and cold. The past few days have been of > withering heat; with but little sun shine ; but when toe 'sun has burst > forth toe heat has been as of a furnace. Strange to ..say there are few, if > any, bushfires, within sight of the city. There is, how ever, a something > .beyond toe weather and within ..human control at- -Perth, .- which -must : > be looked after with determination and eneirgy, or toe repute of this fair > city will be ill indeedr— that of a charnel house. TTia Excellency toe > Governor has re tired to Rottoest for toe summer season. A Mr. Ley, it is > said, acts the part of Queen's Messenger, in conveying toe offi cial > despatches between the island and the mainland. The Colonial Secretary has a > chanrpng rural .retreat at Freshwater Bay, whither, it is said, he will > shortly repair. Between this retreat and the city offices of toe Government, > a telegraph has been erected. Not a bad idea — even if only as paving the > way in some measure for Re- sponsible Government. 