WATER COMMISSION. Friday, 28 th March. Present—The Chairman, and Crs Claxton, Scott, Josephs, Lewis, Ferguson, Dunn, Wilson, Williams, Turpie, Leggo, Phillips, and Brophy Cr Hickman apologised for his absence. . Corresp6h'J£nde>f=From .members-of- ,the : Ballarat Anglers’ Association, petitioning ihecomal is sionjto throw open the Upper, GongQong Reservoir to ..anglers holding fishing licenses issued.by. the commis sion. I —Referred to the * works comnutte'e tor r repbrt. From the Town Council; stating ’ that it saw no objection'to-the water obeing; laid on-i.to J.j Fraser’s puddling- machine in'! Clay tpn street under the usual' conditions, Promthe, Bupgareeahire .Council, urging upon the commission to' take some 'eSepi towards reinbvingthe accumulations of Vegetable' thatter,: on the reserves, which gives so much:.'facility -,.t0 •'the j extension of bush-fires; to the .‘great, danger .of farmers’ -property • in the- immediate vicinity, of the reserves.—To be : considered, with,- the., chairman’s report. From' W.- G. Williams j-tributor-N0..'4-Band of Hope,;cQmplaining.pf;; being overcharged for ester, and asking to be suppiiediat'a halfpenny periobO'gal lons.—lt was announced that as soon as the writer agreed to the regulations of" the commission his request wouldbe complied with.-. :Prom W. Freeman,. Alfredton,'-,asking; for abetter -.-water-supply, .or a decrease in'the charge made ; for .tu the works .committee for report.....\ V ,J ■ ' r.i- Finance.—The following accounts"were passed.for payment:—Labor, £B3 15s 7d;_Phoenix Foundry Co.-, '£3 10a; Hardware Cos., £l4 6s 6d; A. H. King, £3 10s „9d; R. : Qibbings, £2; engineer’s expenses, £21;; F. •Pinkerton, £9 ssBd; W. Gooch; £1; May and party, £5., " Deputation. A deputation from the Ballarat Victuallers’ Association, consisting of the president (Mr -Irwin)vice- president ;(Mr Gabbett), treasurer (Mr,Martin), and the secretary (Mr For rester), waited upon the commission, to ask for the abolition of the tax ,'cf .JOs put .upon water-troughs. ‘Mr Irwin pointed out that.the tax had beenabolishedin Melbourne,,and .remarked that the' troughs were of ;ho| particular benefit to the publicans, but rather a nuisance. Still they must be provided, and if the publicans did not do so the public bodies would have to; erect them, and, therefore, he considered it only fair that-the-tax on.the troughs should be .done away with. The other members of the deputation also pleaded their case, and in reply to Cr Scott the secretary,of the, commission stated,,that there .were about fifty troughs taxed. ' The'chairman enquired il ,the deputation were. .awara-iKet iu .Melbourne there was.a syphon i“*» wbilfthere waa'none in Ballarat, to wtlib'the 'secretary of the association- replied that originally ..there were,both a trough' hnd a syphon tax in Melbourne, but the first had ; been 5 done away with' and.th'e second-very much- reduced.. The deputation then retired- and their request was referred; .to the' finance committee for - reports--On the motion: of -.Cc- Scott itwas decided to ask fora return of publicans’ licenses issued in the three municipalities, for the pur pore of ascertaining. to .what .extent , the commission, would be affected by doing away with thAtax" on. .water-troughs. r ; Works Committee’s Report.—l. Application of Messrs L'aing and'Hicholson to be charged atthe same rate as manufacturers, .viz-, 6d per 1000 gallons—Your committee recommend-, that'the. commissioners take into consideration the- desirability-or otherwise of classing the apphcante as manufacturers.—After some discussion it was decided to class millers as manufac turers. 2. As to scour-pipe in Little Lyons street Your committee have ordered this work to be "carried' out> when convenient. 3. Application of Mr J; Gibson for allowance for servlca-pijre laid 'by him to his premises at Poverty Point—Your committee cannot recommend compliance with this applicant’s; request.—Adopted, - 4. As to bush fire , at Pincott’s Reservoir, and application of Messrs Llewellyn, James, and others-for recompense, tor,loss or time lour committee have postponed this matter for further en- r quiry.—Adopted. 5. Petition of J. Reitz and , twenty other persons for another slip-panel to be opened in lieu of ,the, present committee have post poned -this matter for. further'consideration,;—The Chairman reported that the panel had been slipped as desired. .... . Chairman’s Report,—The'cbairman’a report referred to the fira on the reserves at-. Kirk’s andcthe Qpng ; Gong , on the 24th, instant, and ha hazarded'-the opinion that the.; fire was the work of an incendiary, inasmuch as when it waa-beaten out in one place it was observed 'to rise again in another place at some distance off, and. this was repeated several times. He had -consequently acted on an v old,,resolution; and offered-.a. reward of £5O for- the conviction of :the offender or offenders; in addition to which he had drawn the' attention of the, police, to the matter. . A narrative account of the fire, with its attendant damage to many young trees and, a quantity of fencing, Was read- from the foreman pf‘works, and . the two reports were adopted. The chairman, speaking of the repairing. ..of the. fences, stated , that! the commission should now take some steps to call .upon its‘ neighbors to pay half -the cost, and Or. Scott moved that the law committee take.the necessary action in the matter to enforce, the Fencing ;Aot, which hitherto had not been taken advantage of by the Commission.-,, Cr;Josephs seconded, the'motion, the 'carrying, out’"of. which,; he; thought;wbuldlsayeitbefeppes [being : burnt, for the! farmers would not assist in putting out the fires, but only exerted themselves .to. save their crops from! -being touched. _As‘mahy as twenty men at a time* .had been seen watching the fences burn without doing' .Anything in’the way of [stopping the fire except beat- 1 ing it away from their corn. Or Turpie characterised' the reserves in summer' as a powder magazine,' and . 'urgedr.: the ,■ necessity- ; . of clearing awayi the undergrowth. Or Dunn said he Would be sorry' to'-learn that ' the twenty men spoken- of by. Cr Josephs were the cpmmission’s neighbors, for he : knew a good many of the farmers who had done all ■Unit they l could- to put out the fires; Yhosa who.had stood looking on were, he believed, simply young men who wanted half a day’s work or so from the commis sion. CrFergusonspokeina similar, obtain, and re ; marked that the reserves should be better looked after, and-he'thought, l with the Bungareeshira Coun cil, that some of the ground should be let to the farmers round the edge of the reserves; J - The chair man interjected that they had no power to do so. After some further from Cr Ferguson, Cr Brophy said that three years ago the present subject of dissouasioh' was before the Commission, and it-.,was..time something was done in the matter. It was well known that the reserves were dreaded by the farmers in Bungaree,. ..After.some,remarks from Cr Lewis and other councillors,Cr Josephs informed the, commission that there , had been more fires this season •than for, eleven years previously., the chaitfflab said that since the idea had got abroad among the farmers that the reserves were going to' be cut up and let out the fires began to ; be frequent, -and he had imme diately begun to suspect that they were the work of an incendiary. Cr Brophy expressed his sorrow at hearing thechairman accuse am industrious portion of the community -of setting fire to the .reserves, which he , only , hoped he .did not intend . tb" do, and considered the' chairman’s ’ remarks i a great libel upon the farmers. The' chairman " said that he did not say it was the farmers who set the 'reserves on. fire,; Hei did not wish to accuse anyone, but it was strange that the fires did not come with the wind, but behind it, and were accompanied'_wltff other, suspicious appearances. Cr considered. ■ that - it was simply a matter of right for the'cbmmission" to claim half the coat of the fences from the farmers, and he saw no necessity for -the subject, j Cr-.Brophy.also, expressed a similar view,-as he andMr.Donelly had many [years P al( * thacoßt of boundary fences beiweefct the reserves and their property. The resolution whs" then carried unanimously, /and the letter from the Bungareeahire Council waa referred to the works com re P° r > * he i com “>itte6 .being empowered; to subject? and " exhauBtiTel yi with the whole of stated the progress pt the acuon. with Yoahj? and adopted.,' chairman dfcV.attWtion to a’pkrSgraph appearing , in a recent - iasue of the'in wfarenca to the adjSment oflhe trx’ bystanders might be 3 chosen, whfah, in thefatereste iSZSZTS* neith f: c r Josephs nor Welf W c d o^ and T^ r a d b^ 8 to a I letter of allow thawM torJ^ 1 ;il«wn.fjotymen .Wolfe new jpmtoto-Yhonipppih^^^ accepted^as,satisfactory. <\--ij .‘.-siiu ia EQgi>eer’aße^'6rt;^Tlifs ; rofeitedt<>’rmereniattorß. of routine, and gave the.-depth ofwgter the re serves pa follows:—Baale’8 i r7 I .(eal > /6!inolie^;’;Pmootk , B l 6 feet;] fullj-Kirk’e, 13 fee£;“ ®ng J jQong, 44'37 feet.—Adopted. .JIbSA fcis ,VAO?:ivia _.. Collector’s Report.—Re.ceiptasince . last. meeting, £382 Ids s,d.rr7Adgptad r '“V™- 1 ’; J-. General Business.—On - themptipn bf T CrSobtt,it Mr f&.Sfqitlro’ftaßßify and esti mate Jthe “value of' the ; ydutig'ffeea -off the'reserves ■ .The finance committee was. empowered .to paaa the 'accounts next week, and the next-meeting of the com . the" -before,<3ood; 'Friday. y, 1 ;--] “i 1 ': 5 The commission then adjourned.f,;' “" ■ oX ‘ ui ,<£ v . 