IT is an altogether fortunate thing for this conntry that its railways are in the hands of the Government, and have been so from the first, with some slight exceptions. The exceptions In this caBe, however, as in so many others, establish the principle. The projectors of the HobBon's Bay, Geelong, and Mount Alexander lines very soon found that their undertakings were scarcely so profitable as they haj) expected them to be; whilst the pnblic, on their side, discovered that the concession of such large rights to private companies was by no means a wise and politic step. As the Government lines multiplied, it was found that the conflict between public rights'and private privileges was becoming too serious, and the natural sequel was the buying oat of the three companies one by one. -It is possible that there may still be some persons who think that a State system of railways is a mistake; and, unquestionably, it is sot a system that is altogether in harmony with the principles of rigorous free-trade. But the proof of the pudding is in the eating. Theoretical principles altogether apart, ic is undeniable that our present system works admirably, on the whole, and that the gun resulting to the public from it is immense. True, it has been for so far rather expensive. As yet the returns from the lines have not quite reached the point at which the yearly balanoe between expenditure and income goes into the Treasury. Bnt even this adverse fact can be sufficiently accounted for by the too expensive construction of some of the firat lines. If we had the whole scheme to plan afresh, and a clean sheet to begin upon, there is no doubt in the world that our railways would pay and pay well, eveu though a comparatively high rate of interest is exacted in the London money market for borrowed money. Meantime, the public are their own railway proprietors. If they have paid smartly for the accommodation they enjoy, at all events their money has not been taken out of their pockets by a host of grasping companies. The country could well afford it, and the country has reaped all the benefit. At the very utmoBt, the worst that can be alleged against the system, even on the score of expense, is that it was carried into execution a little in advance of the requirements of the public. Here, again, the advantage gained is to be set agaiuBt the outlay; and certainly those localities which have been the gainers will not grumble at being supplied with the iron way too soon. Now reverse the case. Supposing the lines in existence had been built by a number of private companies, all of a purely speculative character, all trying their utmost to gain some advantage at the expense of the public and of each other, all trying hard to establish a monopoly, and all bent upon getting as much as they could out of the pockets of the people. What a state of things that would be! What failures, what jobbeiy, what log-rolling, what " tiddly-winking," there would have resulted! We should have rival lines nrnning in the same direction, " stock-watering," sham amalgamations for the purpose of gulling the shareholders and the pnblic—and, in fact, all those nefarious practices in foil operation which made the name of HUDSON famous in England some thirty years ago, and which produced such enormous losses, and confusion of every kind, in America. We see from a return quoted in the pages of one of our contemporaries, that within the last three years no less than 132 railway lines, with an aggregate mileage of 11,623 miles, and a total capital of about £150,000,000 have been sold nnder the act of bankruptcy in that country. This is about one-seventh of the entire railway system of the United States. Another seventh of the lines has passed into the second stage of bankruptcy, with about an equal aggregate capital. The losses to shareholders accruing from alt this breaking-down must be immense. It is the City of Glasgow Bank disaster, bnt on a much larger scale, over again. Had anything of the like kind, however limited, occarred in thiB country, it would Have given the public credit such a shock as would have taken years to repair.' The bare idea is almost appalling^ And the simple adoption of the principle of a State system'of railways it was that has prevented the possibBity of any such' catastrophe occurring here. We have neither ruined shareholders in bubble companies amongst ns, nor are there anyswindled foreign creditors to reproach us. With us everything in this department of public affairs-goes on like clock-work. The wisdom of our policy, and thei'soundness of onr resources, stand manifest to the whole world. In tins instance, the process of cause and effect is plain to view, and undeniable. Nothing can be more. solid than oar pnblic credit, because it is based on a solid foundation. We have never lost a single penny, so to speak, through indirect r practices or greedy speculation; and the bare idea of any of our foreign creditors losing a shilling by ns at any time is not to be so much as supposed rational. Tins is the true and obvious lesson taught by comparing the Victorian with the American railway system. There is no other inference to-be drawn. A State system, well managed, means efficiency,advantage to the s country itself, and -inviotable security for the foreign creditor. On the other hBnd, the" multiplication of private companies means .wild extravagance, systematic mal practices, failure, imn, and widespread dis tress. No other element, excepting the difference between die two systems, enters into the consideration at alL The political constitution of the country lias; nothing to do .with it.. The, fiscal system of the ' counts; has nothing to -do with it AS--reasonable would it ^ be to affirm that the Ballarat OmnitxiB Company is a good paying concern because Victoria is a democratic country, as to assertthat Ihe rail way tinesin -tbeUnited States have, many of them, come to grief because America-has a protectionist tariff. When discussion readies such a' point of blank absurdity as this last assertion indicates, !! is abont lime lor it to stop, more Iadicroi^) specimen of the reductio ad ab&urdum; we hBVe not seen for some time. What was it, plain to all men's view, tbkt brought down the American lines ? Was not reckless rivalry, extravagant expenditure on unnecessary lines, malpractices amongst directors, stock-watering, unprincipled specnlation, jobbery of all kinds ? And would not exactly the same result have come about, although the United States had one and all agreed to change both their form of government and their fiscal system ? In what conceivable way did the tariff affect the fortunes of the bankrupt lines ? In none whatsoever. To connect the two things as cause and effect is to bring the most opposite things into connection, to overturn all the fabric of logic, to burlesque all right reasoning, and to make journalism ridiculous. Yet this is exactly what is doDe when the misfortunes of the American bubble railway companies are gravely charged to protection. THE returns of the mining surveyors and registrars for the quarter which ended on the 31st of last December, have just been published ; and from these documents we are able to gather a pretty clear idea of the state of mining in this colony at the time they were compiled, for the inspection of the Mining Department, and the edification of the general public. We regret, however, to say that the information thns given is not particularly satisfactory, although in one respect these returns will be found reassuring. The reports before us still continue to show that falling-off in the number of miners which has been so noticeable in nearly every one of these returns during the last ten years, and which has caused so many persons to believe tbat the mining interest in Victoria mnst sooner or later come to a termination. We do not by any means share in this opinion, notwithstanding the decrease'that is going on steadily in our mining population. We believe, indeed, that we shall soon reach the end of the tether in the latter respect, and that, as ou population all round increases, there will be an expansion take place in tbe number of our miners; and we further believe that mining will be even in a more prosperous condition in this colony fifty years hence than it is now. The country is full of quartz lodes, besides those worked, some of which are, known to be auriferous, and tens of thousands of which have never yet been diBtnrbed from their 'virgin condition. It is a fair conclusion, therefore, to form, that Victoria will be a great place for quartz mining for hundreds of years to come, even although there may be a difficulty experienced in keeping op substantial return from our alluvial sources. But at the same time as we see no cause to fear mining in Victoria coming to a close, it must be confessed that just now it does not look particularly brilliant. It is not a pleasurable state of things to see the mining population declining quarter after quarter. Decay like this going on steadily and surely for years, accounts for the fears that are expressed by the general public, even although there are circumstances sufficient to justify the expectation of a speedy alteration. Generally speaking, however, the whole case may be summed up in the one remark, that all these fears are quite groundless, and as ill-advised as they are stupid. Coming to the latest return iBSued by the Mining Department, we find the following fact disclosed, namely, that there were only 36,636 miners in the colony at tbe end of last year- Here we have shown a falling-off of 705 miners since last September; and this is certainly a very considerable diminution to occur in tbe short space of three months. But it is to some extent accounted for by the fact tbat during the latter part of the year there is always a clearing out of miners for the harvest field and the shearers' hut j and, therefore, the falling-off will, no doubt, really be shown to have been much smaller, comparatively than the returns before ns make it appear, when the next quarterly returns come to be published. There is a silver lining to the cloud, however, in the fact that although there was a falling-off in the number of miners employed, there was no decline in the yield of gold. On the contrary, there was a very substantial increase in the latter respect; and this is doubly satisfactory because it shows, firstly, that higher returns are being obtained for the labor employed, and secondly, that as onr mining resources are more extensively developed, they show marked signs of improvement. These are satisfactory facts to learn; and they go a long way to afford consolation for the decadence that is going on in the meantime in our mining population. The quantity of gold raised daring the lust quarter was 207,058 oz, of which 71,875 oz 13 dwt was supplied by alluvial, and 135,182 oz 7 dwt by quartz. On the other hand the quantity raised during the September quarter was only 194,960 oz 6 dwt; of which alluvial supplied 64,028 oz 18 dwt, and quarts 130,931 oz 8 dwt. Thus it will be seen that both the alluvial and quartz yields improved during the l&Bt; three months, while the gross increase on the quarter was 12,077 oz 14 dwt. These are real signs of progress, and as such they are more than ordinarily welcome. Taking these returns, therefore, as a whole, there is nothing in them to complain about, There is evidently an upward tendency in tbe yield of gold, although the mining population unfortunately continues to fall off. And the former fact is proved by the circumstance that there was not only an increase in the yield of gold during tbe last, quarter, but a similar ratio of increase occurred also daring the preceding three months. This fact will be dearly recognised by the following table of yields, which speak trnmpet- tongoed on the snbject. oz dwt Quarter ending on 80th Jnne 187.59115 Quarter ending on 80th September 134,960 6 Quarter ending on 81st December- 207,058 0 Here we have a steady increase, quarter after quarter, shown in the yield of gold. And, so long as this continnes to be the case—of which there is every probability— there is no room for croaking about our mining resonrceB, or for viewing the future with apprehension. .Manifestly, the goldfields of Victoria are holding their own well,, and are in anything bnt an unpromising condition. The express train last night came into contact with a large of fencing or telegraph wire which waa lying on the line hear the Caledonian bridge* The wire got tangled abont the engine wheels, and the engine waa stopped and the wire cnt away with an axe, thereby entailing a delay-of a quarter ofcan hour. There were a number of these coils lying along the line, bnt whether tbe coil in question dropped off a passing train, or waa placed oa the line purposely, cannot yet he aaid. An ea«inry will beheld into the matter. The Western lock- up,-usually avery qoiet place of late, was the scene of a desperate encowater on Tueeday night between & madman, wbe, had just been brought in from Ijeannonth, and three -nwmbers~(K tbe police force. Tha wntatunate madman/a powerfully-built fellow, who bad been placed "In a straight-jacket at Leanaonth by the united-efforts of -six men, when h» was brought to the atation-bonse waa apparently quiet and harmless, and waa released from his bonds when placed in the cell- -Abont ten o'clock the lock-up k&sper; bad occasion to go into the cell, and waa, as it 'turned nut, "very fortunately accompanied by two others of the force, On tbe three entering the cell the luuatio stood np against the wall with his hana." above his head, and be then seemed more rational than be had been before his incarceration. il? apologised to the police for the trouble he had £iven them, and then looking earnestly at one of tiicm, said to him, " Were. yon not vrorkicg on Wilson's station?" Tlie constable Buswered in the negative, and in an instant, without tbe slightest warning, tbe feller, with the ferocity of insanity, threw himnlf on tb£con9tabfr, who is a powerful man, and had him on tbe floorof the cell before the others could interfere The nisaiac grasped the constable by the throat, and so tenacious was bifl hold that the policeman stood a very fair chance of being strangled before his comrades could release him. For some minutes the? a fearful straggle took place, the madman throwing three men about with wonderful violence, and wben at last he was forced to leave gs his hold of the constable be had pinned down, and tbe three got him on the floor, he raved and bi3 at his captors, all the while uttering the most frightful imprecations upon ~ them- The door ef the cell had all this time been open, and the combined efforts of the constables were required to prevent the madman breaking loose. After a most exhausting struggle, the constables at last succeeded getting a Btraight- jacbet on him, and he became quiet again. It is a matter for congratulation that tbe lock-up keeper did not enter the cell alone, for had-he, in all probability the maniac would have been too much for him, and might bave broken loose upon tbe town, when moBt likely there would have been some terrible occurrence to record. While on this topic, we might draw tbe attention of the police authorities to the wretchedly inadequate provision at tbe lock-up for tbe reception of lunatics; the cells at present set apart for them bong little wooden rooms, intolerably close, and having such thin walls that the ravings (often wholly unfit for the ears of anyone) of the unfortunates confined in them are plainly audible in Lydiard street. Tbe Grand National Agricultural Show is to be hdd at Clunes this year. The local agricultural society have received information from the department to the effect that it has been decided to select that town. A numerously attended meeting of the members of the society was held at the Club hotel, Clunes, yesterday, when.a long report of a committee appointed to bring up recommendations on the subject was read, and resolutiona'were passed and varions movement* set on foot with a view to providing ample accommodation and ensuring success for the show. A trial of peculiar interest to mining companies, and, indeed, to all industries in which steam engines are in use, iB now being carried on at the City of Ballarat claim. Mons. Coutooly, of the firmof Boisson and Co., the patentees of a new composition called the disencrustant—which, wben used r in boilers, is said to have tbe effect of preventing their becoming encrusted or rusty—placed a quantity of the composition in one of the boilers at tbe claim just referred to, five days ago; and yesterday Mons. Coutonly, with his agent, visited the mine for the purpose of eeeing the result of the trial; but an accident to another boiler on the claim necessitated the one they were testing being used, and tbe investigation of the effects .of the disencrustant was obliged to be deferred for a day or two. Messrs Boisson and Co.'fl invention, if it answers their expectations, will undoubtedly prove most valuable ts the owners of engines, as, though comparatively inexpensive, it is said that besides being a certain preventative of the encrusting and rusting of boilers, its use effects a saving of S per cent, of fuel, and does away with the necessity of using fresh water, and that with it the tallow and grease now nsed in boilers will not be required. The composition may be put into the boiler by the man-hole, the condenBer, or by injection. In an engine of 60 up to 100 horse power, on the first day, to thoroughly cleanse the boiler, 5 gallons muat'be used, but after that the use'every day of 4 or 5 quarts will ensure tbe cleanliness of the boiler. The disencruBtant or tartrifuge iB of a tan color, and of a very astringent taste, and we were shown yesterday, by Mons. Coutonly, flakesof encrustations as hard as flint, which bad been removed from boilerB by it. A two months' trial uf tbe invention by Messrs J. Deane and Co., steamtug proprietors, of Flinders street west, has shown most favorable results, and the firmis now about to extend its ase to all their vessels. The results of the trial io the boiler at the City of Bal< larat claim will be known in a few days. At the Geelong regatta yesterday the Barwon Grand Challenge Cup was finallywon by the Ballarat City Club, who have won this event three out of the four times it has heen contested against the best oarsmen of Victoria, including Messrs Carter, Fairbairo, Cullen, Tunbridge, C. Tonng, &c.; The names of the winners are Messrs Gibbs, Fitzgerald, Tregaskis, and Dawson;, and tbeir rowing was so much admired yesterday that there is every probability of a portion of the crew being included in tbe intercolonial eight-oared race— Victoria v New South Wales. Ballarat has cause to be proud of her oarsmen who have graduated on Lake Wendouree, and shown tbeir ability to cope with the best talent in the colony. A Chinaman, named Rung On, was lodged in the City lock-up yesterday, charged with trespassing on the Btfllarat and Maryborough railway line. Kung On was seen on the line by a party of workmen, and was warned off it^ but as he declined ta leave the straight and narrow path leading to Ballarat, he was, by the orders of the ganger, placed on a trolly and brought into Ballarat, where be was given in custody to Constable Grady. Hie Celestial will appear at the City Police Court today, to answer to the charge of refusing to leavetbe beaten track when warned to do so. A man named James Clohesy was arrested yesterday by Constable Stoddart on warrant, charged with uttering a forged cheque for £21 5s 6d in November laBt. Clohesy will be brought up at the City Police Court to-day. man named John Johnston and an old offender named George Grimes, alias Zouch,. were arrested yesterday, on tr charge of stealing a kettle, tbe property of Hyam Davis. The kettle waa found in Johnston's ewag, and it is etated that Grimes gave it to him, having no ewag himself to bide it in. A charge of assaulting a young man named Bichardson was also preferred againBt Grimes. Both prisoners will be dealt with at the Town Police Court this morning. An owner is required by the Ballarat East police for a coat found in the Eastern lock-up yesterdayr with other stolen property, in the possession of a man named George Grimes. The annual picnic of St. Mini's Church Sunday school took place yesterday to Geelong. There were about 1400-excursionists altogether, aod they woe takendown to the Pr. Dt in two- trair.tr, one starting from the Western and the other from the Eastern station. In one of the trains wa» the American saloon car. An enpyable day was spent in Geelong, the only interruption being the thunderstorm. The catering was carried out by Mr Ward in a manner which gave general satisfaction. Tbe exenrflionists returned safely, reaching Ballarat shortly before nme p.m. A meeting of the Ballarat Conning Club- was held at Craig's hotel, yesterday; Mr WiiKam Pobjoy oecapymg the chair, in consequence of the numerous entries for the Derby and Oak stakes, which came in late, it was resolved to- write to the nominators to ask their permission to- open the stakes again. Votes of thanks were passed to Messrs W. J. Clarke, Thompson, Benwick, and G. G. Mortoo, for the plate they bad given for different stakes. A special vot-e was also-paesed to Mr G. G- Morton, for the trouble he bad taken in collecting plate in town. It was also determined, in the matter of tbe Mount Cameron and Dontulum stakes, &t; present arranged for the 2£st March, tbat if the weather does not break, the running shall he postponed. Mr E- Rowland* waa elected a member of the club, and the meeting then af < j-3nrned till Friday next. Last Monday evening the anniversary of the Methodist Free Church, Lai Lai, waft celebrated by a teaand public meeting. There was a moderate attendance at the tea, the tabtea being pre sided over by several ladies of the ncKthborhood. The public meeting waa well attended, and( was presided over by Mr J. Whitehead, of Ballarat: and addressed by tbe Bevs. 51. Bird and J. Barningham. The financial report presented b/ the latter showed that the present debt on the property was about £37, and stated tbat efforts would be made to speedily clear such off entirely. The meeting was enlivened by tbe choir rendering in good atyle several selections of aacied mnsic. Mr Hearle presided at the organ, which was kindly lent by Mr S'.aden, forthe occasion. The annual tea meeting of the fresbyteriancon gregation at Covin's Creek waa held on Tuesds^ evening. The oeaemblage waa numerous, including a goodly number from Minersrest, and i&e; whole proceedings reflected (treat credit on tbe committee, who.bad exerted themselves to render this anniversary gathering a decided HncceSB. The tea tablefv liberally supplied and tasteful^ decorated, were presided over by Mesdamsfr G- C. Troup aad Caldow, Misses Edwards and Ssadall, assisted by Misses Ritchie, M'Adie, Troup,' and Bix. The viands, were furnished by Ml- Wheeler, Ballarat;, and gave great satisfaction. Bavin? asaembfedinthechufeh,tbe meeting waa aesvuned, the Bev. R Souter in tbe chair. After congratulating *he*ongiag&tinnoQ; the prosperity sift which they bait been blessed during the year, be> called on the Bgv. C. Kobnson, of Creswick, ta give the first address. -After some sprightly and humorous Barks, he proceeded to epeak of " Shams," tleir variety, characteristics, and utter -worthleunesa, and concluded an able speech by exhortix* those present to be sincere and earnest in word and derd. Ha was followed by Mr Gardiner, draper, Ores wick, who, in a- lively and intereiting way, •ncouraged Christian workers shoving how very humble efforts have often tt-en Goanected by providential links with gKit Bucceet. Tbe R?v. J, ~ Steel, Windermere, then spofce oi the movements in onr colonies towards consolMav 1011 ' concluded an earnest address by adVtt. tm J! the blessings attending the program of tbe Christian religion wherever it was embraced and poetised. Mr E. Dunstan, of CoghiU's Creek ffft' le r»» Church, waa the last speaker. Bis tbeme s, W -The great end of the Christian church/' al^e concluded has vigorous and effective speech showing how much tbat can be promoted by exercise of brotherly kindness and charily. Mf James Baird, X^armonth, added a fevr Jdndly words to the ycrang people present. Tbe. choir, under the able leadership of Mr Chapman, eccompamed by Miss Edwards on-the organ, sang daring the course of the evening several pieces of sacred mosic with great heartiness and taste. The usoal votes of thanks having- been passed, tbe benediction vea? pronounced, antf tbe meeting separated. A mee&ig; of tbe menVere of Christ Church congregation was held in tbe-vestiy on Wednesday evening, tcrdevixe means for carrying out tbe proposed gardes sale, to be heI9aPEaster,at Bishopscourt. The- meeting was largely attended, and \- committee of ladies and genBfanen m appointed i solicit docstions in goods or money for this object. From- the enthusiasm shown by those present it is ccnMently expected tbat tb» effort to extinguish the oharch debt will jrove hjfffcij successful. The Minister of Education invite? tendersthis morning for the erection of a brlcir and wiood building for a State school at Timer;: also' tor a wooden building at Burnt Hill. Particulars'wiL'. found in our advertising colnmns. The St. Patrick's Day Fete committee desire-fa acknowledge with grateful thanks the kindness of Mr Smith, seedsman, io presenting them with the real old' Irish shamrock, so dear to all Hibeniiira hearts.' The shamrock proper is so great a rarityhere that his remembranceof Irish nationality the more to be appreciated. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Humflhiy Street Mutual Improvement Association was held on Tuesday evening: last at tbe Bible Qhrietian schoolroom; the~Bfev. President Orchard in the chair, and eighteen-oembers present. Two new members, were elected; and readings weregiven by Mr T. Curiiow, entitled." No grumbling;" by Mr W. Roberts, entitled "Squire Tain'sconger;" a recitation by Mr J. Drunimond, entitled "Black beer rersw.brown stout"—all*o£ which were rendered admirably. An essay was then read by Mr Joseph Tfickery on " Food,"' which evoked a lengthy and animated discussion and called forth a hearty vote of thanks, moved by Mr'~HTWardle and eulogistically seconded bv the Bev. J. W. Blarney. Readings were promised: for next meeting by Mettrs' J. DrnmniODd, Eh Ferguson,' anfl R. Phillips,' and -an esiky on the- "lafe of-DaTid," by Mr B." Jones. J^otes c^ thanks having been passed, the Bev. J. Vf. Blarney pronounced tbe benediction, and themeeting dosed. Tbe committee met afterwardsand decided upon holding the quarterly entertain- • meat on-the 27th instant, full. particalarB of' ' which will appear in The Courier; We have received a copy of "The Tour of the • Australian Eleven through Bagl&nd;, America, and Colonies, with Conway's Australian Cricketers' Annual for 1877-8." The work is full of interesting information to cricketers, besides giving a complete narrative of the doings of the Australian Eleven in the places named in the title. The book haa been printed by Messrs Fergusson and Moore, of Melbourne, and can be obtained at the comparatively low- price of 3s 6d a copy. The annual picnic of the Sunday school children of tbe Maryborough Church of Eagland waa held at the Botanical Gardens yesterday. The children, to tbe number of 300, accompanied by 300 adults and the Maryborough brass band, arrived here at abont eleven o'clock* by special trainr and were landed at the gardens siding. Arrived, at the gardens, the picoic&ers; entered into all the many out-of-door pastimes most in vogue; and what with them, and tbe disposing of the viands provided for their delectation, a very pleasant day was spent, and the merry makers returned by train to their homes iu the evening, well pleased with their picnic of 1879. AmongBt the gentlemen in charge of the children was onr old friend tbe Bev. H. C. E. Morris, lately the incumbent of All Saints' Church, but-now pastor of* tbe Church ef England at Maryborough. Tbe reverend gentleman while here was in rather delicate health, but tbe change to Maryborough has proved very beneficial to faim,and be is now very well* Tbe usual monthly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat District Boapital was held last night, aod some routine matter?, of which a report will be found elsewhere, were disposed of. A pamphlet bearing the following title hascome to- hand " The Victorian Catholic Becord— & review of tbe educational campaign of IS 73, with a table, showing tbe opinions-of tbe members of tbe present Legislative Assembly on the education question; also, biographical sketches of the leading advocates of the Catholic claims." The pamphlet has been printed by Mr T. E. Verge, of Melbourne, and can be obtained at sixpence a copy. Tbe Australasian Sketcher for the month of March is now published. It contains a series of well-executed illustrations, chief amongst which are ths^ laying of the foundation-stone of the new Exhibition building, scenes amongst the aborigines>.and views of the recent bush-fires. We observe by the WeUington^l.Z.) CJtronicfe that Mr Patrick Galvin, ex-president of tbe Working Hen's Club there, and at one time a respected resident of Ballarat, was presented, on the <kh Ifebruary, with a very flattering address, and handsome marble clock, bearing the following inscription:—"Presented to P. Galvin, Esq., by the members of the Wellington Working Men's- Club, as a token of their esteem." Tbe presentation' was made on the occasion of Mr Galvin proceeding to Palmers ton, on tbe West Coast. We are sure Mr Galvin's many Ballarat friends will be glad to learn the estimation in which be is held in New Zealand. A ball will take place at the Western. Fire Brigade Hall on St. Patrick's night. Father Chiniquy will visit BiUarat on- tbe first or second week in April. He has been invited bysome of the residents of this town. Mr W. A. Fandl's private qpadriHe assemblywill take place in the Alfred Hall this evening. An entertainment will be-gfcen by the Ballarat Minstrel Troupe in the Baddoo- Templars' Hall: on Friday evening, commencing at eight o'clock. A committee meeting of the- National- Beforzn League will be held at Mr Jenkins''office, near- Vale's corner, this evening, at eight o'clock, for tbe organisation of branches* A special meeting of the- Mount Pleasant Cricket Club will be held at the Dudley Castle hotel to-morrow evening, at half-past seven, o'clock. The secretary of the Ballard City Fire Brigade desires us to acknowledge with tbanks-the receipt of Is, as a donation to tbe funds, from Mr Young, produce merchant, Creswick road. The first meeting of a mutual improvement society will be held in the Congregational- Qhurch^ Dawson street, this evening, at eight o'clock. Persons of either sex above sixteen years- of age are invited to join. Tbe president of-tho- societv will be the Bev. J. Walker. Tbe excursion to Geelong: of tbe Golden Point, Baddy street, Brown Hill, and Neil street- Wesleja", and Humffr&y; etreat Bible Christian,. Sunday schools will take {dace on the 14th instant. Tickets can be had at the different schoolrooms this evening, between seven and eight o'clock. In writing about the<fibatmg ef fh&Yiotorifco;: 4§ per cent, loan, the Opposition press (semark* the Age) are actuated -by the sole desire oh proving that the minimum fixed by the Chief Secretary is but a trifle, in excess- of that suggested by tbe associated banks. Ic is stated that as the debentures proposed by Mr Berry will have- to<caory ninety-seven days!- interest, at per cent, the sum of £1 8i lid will have to be deducted &om; bis minimum', of thus making- the actual difference between his estimate and that of the banks 16s'ld«nly. Iu their seat.to»damage the cradit of the counts?, the Opposition financiersare either ignorant of their business, or-by a suppressio urt, are trying to*mislead the pablic^ It® a piiy that a trifling oversight should upset all their calculations. -'BEfce banks' minimum of 496 would alto have to carry interest at per cent, for ninety-seven dftys, and would have to>Sereduced a fraction oves £18s 5d. Tfce-diffiagaee between the minimum) of the Chief Secoetai^ and that of the banks 'wc*ld therefore ta'no-le&& tiian £119i , 4d'per debenture. For sevsps} days past (Mpfr tfce F. C. A'etcs) extensive bush-fires havio been taging along the* Grampiaaa range of moontaio^ and it is feared; that the aesulc will be fkown ia tfee destruction o£ a large anouut of pro peaty. Qn Tuesday nigitr tbe fiaoesin several pieces-oivthe mountains plainly (Sscernible in StuarelL Th& Teicgraph nndMBtaafe that MullagU feto recewta valuable silver watch, bearing an appropritit inscription, as- a personal remembraaee of 'tb*'ectentiflc~and effecaw cricket"be pteyed ,:n Sfi4*rday last. Tbe money, about £50. which was bp readily subverted on tbe ground, will be ut ilised •o as, if possible^ to prove oPpennanostf serrice :o tbe clever aad"toteWigcm -abbrifeinal. Potato-diggfeg (says an Age ielegvaaa) has commenced fctX*nceⅆ,and some samples have been deg. The crop will h» light, owir^ tr» tbe absenee of rain, and the effect^ of the tare been unsurpassed by those In previous yesis. BeSere the English team cricketer* (says lie Tekgvaph) disbanded, on. Tuesday evening* a very pleasant interchange oi courtesies took place. ⩝ Harris was presented by his companions vtth au elegantly tfey^ed solid sUv« lygw-case, properly inscribed, as a record of their sppreci&< tion of his judgment, tact, and courtesy as captain of the team. A handsome diamond ring, bearing a suitable record, was presented by the gentlemen to Mr Andrew Loughn&n;, as a memento of their gratitude to him for his unceasing attentions in promoting their comfort and convenience while travelling through the colonies. Lord and Lady Harris, in recognition of the conduct and services of Ulyett and Emmett, presented to each a gold locket appropriately engraved. At a Cabinet meeting (says the Age) held on Tuesday, the report of Colonel Anderson, Colonel Scratchley, and Captain Mandeville, in reference to the encampment, which it was proposed to hold at Easter, was received and discussed. It was decided that as only a portion of the forces could possibly attend, an Easter encampment should not beheld, but that instead a review on a large scale should take place near Melbourne on the Queen's Birthday. The site will be fixed shortly, and every effort will be made to give his Excellency the Governor an opportunity to inspect the whole of the forces. The Postmaster- General (says the Arms) has given orders for the revision of the departmental regulations dealing with letter carriers and telegraph messengers. It is understood that the object of the revision is to improve the position of these employes by placing their classification on a more satisfactory basis, and regulating promotion. The new regulations are not likely to come into operation before the next financialyear. The Treasurer (says the Age) has had a revenue statement prepared which shows that the finance of the colony are in a satisfactory condition. The revenue received from all sources, exclusive of recoups, from 1st July, 1S78, to the Gth instant, was £3,171,357. For the same period in the years 1S77-IS7S the receipts amounted to .£3,057,979. There is consequently an increase of revenue for the current yearof £103,37S. 