BUSH FIRES. For the last few days people have been going about inhaling an atmosphere Strongly charged with smoke to a greater or less degree of density as the occasional puffs of wind that stirred the heated air shifted about the hazy pall; o’erhanging the-town; and arising from a hundred-.firea in the country. . Wherever one .turned wreath after wreath',', column on column ,oi' smoke were seen rising from the horizon,, .lessened' in its distance-'by obscurity'■ of the at mosphere, _ arid ! they told-- that BBallarat was hemmed in . by.. a.mdving wall of fire,.-remote at some-points it;is .true and .with breaks in-it, but for all that .none the Jess dreadful to all the. country round;; jl^eyer' for' many years has this district suffered so imuch from .hush ;fires as within the, last' months and! jthie grateful chahgo in the weather which came late',oh. iThursday'’afternoon,- bringing with’ J it” quite u-a cold breeeze that cleared the surcharged air, ;WilI;V :it is to :/ be ■ hoped, : prove-.-but-.-.the harbinger ’' of rain : clouds - ready to ''discharge their long-looked-for burden; .over the parched^surface;', 'ofthe country.: . Bush.. fir.es have -been plentiful ili- : Bungaree'and Bullarook lately,' one farmer - near;. 'Beales’-'reservoir haying' jlist been ; burnt out; The; .Water.Commissidh’a reseryeV are prolific sources of fire, --and. though: in-a-,:good .1 many cases: the fires, are accidentally caused, there is . strong pre- ; sumption 1 that, others are' raised' by incendiaries, as the;. .fnot i; jthat a ‘ ‘match or , .matches have been found in onejeserve, arranged.under a piece of .glass, .so~“that”' the' suu' r mTght" — set" fife" "to "them" would seem to .strengthen. Our Smytbes dalo - correspondent- writes - on Thursday:— “/Bush firM are still’raging at every point of the. compass, and a thick.,cloud of smoke hangs over the' town. .Apples, and.dthef fruit have been toasted on the trees; and'the',, leaves dh poplar, bak, and : other English trees!are crisped up asi.dry; as-: tinder..-! Mr J. M'Kerrin’a, not Kefrie’s, stables and, outhouses in his Scarsdale paddock were destroyed on Wednesday. Amongst those whoVreaderedwaluable assistance to" subdue thel flames were . Mesars Dalton, Veal,- Kirk, and.Syer, the latter having supplied three-loads water aud : sundry /bottles of Biquor; for, the; .thirsty sala-. manders. Several hares, three of which were secured;! Were- 1 , roasted "in'-the flames,--and so , scared-'were these' ‘animals' that they 'invariably ran . into the thickest portion of the.fire and misefably periahed. At Ross’Creek several acres of grass have been destroyed.: Another,' tremendous “and destructive bush fire, broke out'at “Def went'-Jacks on Wednesday! and'raged fiercely on Thursday, sweeping paddocks of grass land and fences before it. The heaviest sufferers are Messrs Hayes and•'Vaughanj 'the’-fbfmer having his stables consumed, and. b^ — great ? exertions saved his house. The country'thereabouts'is peopled by selec tora,[and their losses “are,' exceedingly .heavy, r the names licking' 'up ‘ everything* ' before J them.' At the writing (5 o’clock p.m.) the whole -country was’’ in -a - blizV' all round the old .i/Exohequer-j.and -.-Delahunty’a hotel.” Egerton-has had a .very.severe visitation .this,-week, as the’ following account from our correspondent will show:—“ On Monday a-bush'fire 1 -broke out in the neighborhood .of the South, r Learmonth .claim at Egerton, whicb'the indefatigable labor'of a'number of miners and of other willing .hands extinguished with out its doing any other,injury, than burning a con siderable area- of grass (but -uhaelected); land. Still, though prevented from extending on 'that occasion, the ;destf dctive element' remained smouldering , in logs, and ’ etumna i upon - tha- burntground, and- a breeze ' springing up ; on Wednesday morning,.'soma, burning . d&m; -' was blown into the , ,100-aofe paddock;. of. Mr ,A. Murphy, and before the alarm : given- -could bring ..sufficient 'assistance-to. stay its -progress, the fife -was-driven fhrough the selections of Messrs W. S. Robb, ’ James Simpson, M., Sullivan, Martin Maher, and a number of others, climbing the tail-trees and'from their sum •mils sending fresh'fire far and wide in every direc tion;/Scores of memfrom the works of: the Egerton, Black/Horae,- South! Lear month,, andothercompanies, besides business man;- their employees, and the. police, rendered and are. .rendering all the , assistance,in their power .'to; stay 'its further, progress, and by . their; /efforts, they have , prevented any homesteads and many patches of fencing being burned Os yet; bat the fire is still extending, and unless heavy ■rain,falls-to extinguish the. burning stumps and logs, though they .should succeediinstaying its further course for the present, 'a fresh conflagration may take place at khy time. "' The damage done up : to. the pireseht tune has been the destruction of hundreds of tons of split - and’" stacked firewood, several haystacks; stooks; -of; oata ; : and miles of fencing, which will cost' a. considerable' amount of, money to replace.”' If.-was'.'reported.-inn town on Thursday night tbatrthe Egerton Company’s battery bad narrpwly .escaped being burnt, and that beside Mr Harris’;farm : a' number of small settlers’ houses had been”deitrbyed;'-baf as bur-correspondent-gives no confirmatory intelligence of these things, the report was, perhaps, Bomewhat ‘ overdrawn. Buninyong has .- shared in the general distribution of fires round the dis- : trict, and our-local- correspondent writes as-follows;—: “Bush fires have been very general around Buninyong.! At MapoleonS;''giftyB.' amf'Dog Trap Creek great: destrnction of grass and fences has been the conse-' quence. The old Racecourse caught fire, but was; stopped before, much...damage was. done,.the fence! at the' south'side, however.lbeing very much charred.; Mount: Buninyong/was almost, by fires,; .but with the. exception .of about a. mile, of fences andj a' few acres' of "grasAnothing 1 very serious has taken' place.’’ Fires.haye been'also raging in the Grampians,| between. Sandhurst .’and Echuca, in Gippslahd, and' various other parts of the colony daring the last two days. .'. .. - '■ | “Mi' breasts 'were ' losing daily the , allowance. re« qhired to nurse' my • baby,- who was; falling away by the eye, "and I found'myself in the sad; alterna-’ five either of weaning -him at a season too danger ous for bis* health;or 'to see him'-dwindling away from want" of: 'food;.' On this emergency I heard of Dinar ft Syrup of Lactophosphale of Lime, which t took. What was not my delight seeing in a short time my breast ’restored to'a plentiful secretion and my baby inlprpve in strength and health.,, I owe.this '•public''testimony : to- : the-inventor of thia preoious! medicine. —Mbs Lotjnobb, Winchester. ; 1 have been. tor. some; past years’.a great sufferer from spasmodic asthma. A friend kindly sent-; box of- Orimault’s Indian ■ Cigarettei; '• I found them' quite effectual, and muoh-inora agreeable and less irritating than ’the'other preparations'of'that;kind hitherto.known.—W. Manchtoter.'| Messrs GkiusoliT and C0.,—1 am fiiappy to inforpai you that my- son; brought close to, his:-grave/through consumptive- disease,'has been 'completely; cured by the use of your. Syr ;«p of Sf So fian regained flesh; and his;appetite,ia better, tjian ever; 1 Cafe Ne^l^d,’Bh^u^ 