I OXEEY. (FROM OUR OWN COKBESPOKDBNT. ) m Fehruarv 6. Bush fires have been raging the Black Ranges, the Upper King, and Hurdle Creek. I regret to learn that great de- 8 gtrnction of property litis occurred. Dur- H 3nsr the niarhts the heavens were illn- H yiinat.e.fl by the conflagrations r.n the; B surface of old mother earth. By-Jove it; g is a grand sight to witness, the tail trees one mass of flame ; when hotter, the glare ascends in perpendicular columns fin ted with prismatic colours q -where Te- fistance of solid wood is met -with, the jorked tongues of the fire-fiend spread themselves along the branches, "ticking qp, S food for the .combustion, the leaves and Smaller tw gs. From the burning masses ascend tali columns of smoke, rSn ted with varied colors refected on their vapours from the raging fires below. Onward rurge the fires over plains, which man's febour had enriched, up vales, and valley i gtrges, and slopes of the ranges, till i- rtaclies the varied contour of sts highest e'evation ; tlien rejoicing in its strength-it jlunges in fitful gambols from point Xc point, displaying the mountain naisses in pjrotecnic grandeur of the out! has. qhe llopes and serrated iicahs stn.rii pro- 3»tnently out as grand Pharos in the niL'ht. j Alas, that the grandeur cf the .display emtio t be thoroughly enjoyed, o«-;ng to (he thoughts that crossed the mind < the I sorrow to individuals, and the destruction j of pronertv entail p.d bv t.lie «ir«; r JtTOoe i — — l. i' !/ — - --, A ' 1UJJ of flame now raging or?er an extended area of country. The destruction of trees, herbs, and grasses destroys noxious ' animak and insects, sad sweetens ihe- after grasses, and, no doabt . purifies die atmosphere. Titus Providkttce out of evil worketli good. The exertions of the own-ess of proporrv, the erv-ants, and the neighbours devt lope I some of the noblest qualities of titan ; self- help, eliauce, perseverance, sympathy, and assistance. All of these have been largely displayed during the continuance of the destructive fires. Men, women, and children have worked with a will to Stay the fire-king's ravages. Many have suffered greatly front their exertions, and several, both men and women, have re quired medical aid for burns, as well as ftrom the reaction of nervous excitability. One romantic episode is worthy of re cord. I have not received permission from the parties to use t'-eir names, so shall use the very uncommon ones of Smith, Brown, and Jones. Some six years ago young Smith wooed bliss Brown ; he loved her well, and well she deserved his love. She was fair to look upon, in dustrious and good. Though he loved well, lie loved not wisely. The Eiaiden preferred a Mr Jones, and in due time rendered him the "hap piest of men." After some two years had lapsed, Mr Smith wooed another lass, who appreciated his good qualities better ihau his former flaute, and the twain be came one flesh. Three children bless the union of the Jones's ; one only — a golden- haired, blue-eyed little girl — has as yet been vouchsafed to the Smiths. The arms of these two families are separated y the King Elver, but are not distant, ene from the other, more than some six jniles. During the fires that extended up the King River, Smith rode across, and found the Jones's and their neighbors fighting hard to quench the fire raging near their homestead. In one part a brave woman was exerting herself to stop its progress towards her home. She was alone at the time, when a sudden gust of wind blew smoke and flame upon her. She was enveloped ; but help was at hand. A stalwart man seized a bag, rolled tlie woman on the ground, extinguished the flames, and hore the insensible form to the homestead. The woman was Mrs Jones, the preserver the rejected lover Smith ; and thus .after six years the woman -and the man met. Here is a romantic ' episode for the Australian dramatists, and 1 make them a present thereof. I am happy to say Mrs Jones is fast recovering, and Mr Smith, although burned, is not seriously so ; and that the fire, having consumed fences, corn and grass, has ftQ ccorl anrnr frnm +Ti» /if 4-licsa whose tale I have briefly told. The heat is still oppressive, and the bush- fires are extending ; and no doubt, where returns axe forthcoming, it will be found that jnuch injury has been done to graziers, farmers, and, consequently, to those who supply them with luxuries and necessaries. February 7. A most acceptable treat to the lovers of harmony was provided at the Oxley Shire Hall last evening. A concert of rare ex cellence was given in aid of the funds of the Milawa Episcopalian Church. The I programme was a varied and an extensive 1 cue, and the different numbers were given I with taste, feeling and judgment. The arranger of the programme catered well 1 for the onmiverous taste of the audience, j Numbers in nearly every style wero pro- I duced, and yielded gratification to a I crowded and appreciative assembly. The I concert commenced by Miss Simpson playing " Oh, dear ! what can the matter he," with variations. This young lady's brilliant execution and tastefiil and tune ful rendering of the theme and its vari ations made it a great treat to connoisseurs to listen with attentive ears, and to drink in the sweet harmonies that seemed to flow magically from the fingers of the fair YiianisfcA TTor AXATHATIC fn tVIaoca WATA successful, and met with a most hearty approval. "The Wreath," a trio, in winch Mrs Sparks, jun., Mrs Irvine, and Mr Paytertook part, was done full justice to. A little timidity, no doubt, marred the full and beautiful voices of the ladies, hut in scarcely an appreciable degree. Mr Payter, a gentleman new to this dis trict, showed that he was a trained musi cian, and acquitted himself well. Mr Walker then sang, with taste, ' ' Thy Voice is Near." Mrs Thompson, a fair and blooming young matron, then sang <c Beautiful Star." Timidity here also prevented the full beauties of a fresh young voice from being heard to full advantage ; hut she sang well, and was deservedly ap plauded. Mr Marsden then sang " The Warrior Bold" with a characteristic energy in unison with the words and theme. He was justly appreciated. Mrs Sparks then favored us with the evergreen and beauti ful " Come back to Erin." A little ner vousness was perceptible in the first verse, but afterwards her beautiful and sympa thetic voice did full justice to the song. Her exertions were duly applauded. One of the gems of the evening was the duet "Breathe not of Parting," rendered in a highly finished manner by Mr and Mrs Irvine. Great applause followed the ter mination of it. " Little Nell" was then sung by Mr Thompson, in las usual effec tive manner. Mrs Irvine appeared for the first time as a soloist, and sang " Ruby" with taste and feeling ; and the true tone of her exquisitively sweet voice 1 was made apparent, as well as the culture of the musician. She was greatly and deservedly applauded. ' ' Eileen Alannah' ' was then rendered in a most masterly manner by Mr Irvine, and was received with approval The glee "See our Oars, with Feathered Spray," by the whole of the amateurs, brought the first part to a conclusion. The glee was rendered most effectively, and at its termination rounds of applause greeted the singers and the accompanist. An interval ef eome twenty minutes - permitted those who wished to enjoy a promenade in the enclosure of the Shire Hall to do so.. There under umbra- geou3,trees, with the mild-seeming, though misclnef-loving, moon looking down upon V - . . I : I , : . t - iiT- . r : > - o them, old and young enjoyed the cool breeze, which was mo3t refreshing after the warmth <of the crowded hall. The second part (commenced by bliss Simpson playing, with taste, grace, and brilliant execution, sets of the Rhine Waltzes. So 4rue to time did the tuneful waltzes, played so <exquisiiely, float to our ears, that rhythmic time was kept by impatient feet desirous of whirling in the mazes of ihe dance. Much and well-merited ap plause greeted the pianist on the conclu sion of her labor of love. Mr R. Culph gave a comic song, and sang it with a vis conuca that was duly appreciated by the lovers of the comic, and. the mar vellous Munchausen exaggerations of which the verses were composed. Mr Thcmpscn then sang, " The moon behind the hill" most pleasingly and effectively. A duet, "Yery suspicious" was then given by Mr and Mrs Irvine. The cul ture and modulation or Mrs Irvine's voice was noticeable in her solo, and her part in the duet was rendered in a most finished manner as regards the vocalisation, and site displayed winning grace and t-spitc/Icrie iii the comic miseries of the lady in "Yery suspicious." She was well supported by Mr Irvine. So persistent was the recall, that though encores were not to be given, they were compelled again to appear. As a recall song, they grawe "Mrs Wright," and gave it with great gusto, and literally "brought doira die house." Mr Marsden I then sang, " The Glorious Vintage of I Chamnayne" with an imnassioned delivery x o J: — j of some passages, 25 if he fulty appreciated the juices of the grape, which we believe he has taste enough to do. Mr Walker then sang " The Bloom is on the Rye." This gentleman appears to have a cultured musical taste, and seems to approve of the operatic style of singing ; the song was well .sung, and well received. Mrs Sparks, J jus., .then gave that tragic dirge of Tenny son's, "Home they bore the Warrior j dead." Her sj-mpathetic voice, and tuneful rendering of the music were much and de- j servecuy admired. Mr Irvine then sang, " The Arab's farewell to his Steed," and excited a genuine enthusiasm by his sing ing of an ever welcome song. An apology had to be made for the non-appearance of Mr Jones. The real Simon Pure was ab sent trying to quench a bush fire, and that present could not sing, so the apology had to be given, and was received good hu- i mouredly. The company then sang a i verse of the " National Anthem," in which all of die audience upstanding joined heartily, and some musically, but all ex pressed their loyalty and respectful attach ment to their Queen, as a gentlewoman, in the fullest meaning of thatofttimes much misapplied word. This concluded the concert proper, which I am happy to say was a most pronounced success. The fair vocalists who gave their services for so good an object deserve praise, and were most attractive, from personal and musical points of view. The gentlemen also are deserving of great credit for their exer tions, and the accompanist cannot be too I much credited for the sympathetic mining in which she tliroughout the evening ac companied all the singers. This is the more remarkable, as she had but one op- portunity- of practising with the singers. However, like a true accompanist, she subordinated the piano to the voices, and, therefore, gave unqualified satisfaction. Great credit is due to Mi- Irvine for his energy, and for the careful manner in which he attended to the requirements of the singers and the accompanist, and for his personal interest in the success of the concert, which was most praiseworthy. The hall was quickly cleared of its fur niture, and dancing took' the place of the concert. There were so many well favored and well- costumed ladies, and so many stalwart men present, that the floor of the hall liatl rarely less than 24 couples enjoy ing the exliilirating and healthful exercise of dancing. The M.O., Mr William M'Aliece, was most efficient and obliging, and certainly most indefatigable. The Messrs Humphrey, Hart, and Cook re lieved one another, and played in excellent time for the dancers, who did not separate until Mr Apollo rose orer the Bowman's Forest Ranges. Then, not satisfied and scarcelv wearied, the votaries of terosi- chore wended their respective ways to their homes. Thus ended a most enjoy able entertainment. Masonic. — At tho usual monthly meet ing of the Lodge of St. John, Beeehworth, on Thursday, Bro. W. R. Forman was installed as worshipful master for the ensuing year, and the following offices were appointed : — Bro. D. Fiddes, S.W. ; Bro. R. Strugnell, J.W. The installation ceremony was performed most ably by P.M., Bro. J. T. Ambrose, assisted by P.M's., Bros. J. J. B. Bowman, F. Brown, H. A. Crawford, and M. Brash. El Dorado Mejis. — On Wednesday evening, about nine o'clock, the cry of fire startled the residents of Sleepy Hollow. On reaching the scene of con flagration, it was found it was the dispen sary and dwelling house of Doctor George Walker, next dwelling but one to the Oriental Bank. It was seen at once that nothing could be done to save either place or effects. A number of willing workers pulled down the fencing to prevent the fire spreading, whilst others carried water from a tank in the yard at the back of the Oriental Bank. Mr M. Page, the hank manager, worked splendidly, drawing the water up by a rope. It appeared certain at first that the next cottage would he fired, and the poor woman carried out the goods in a distracted state. Had the cottage caught fire, I do not think the bank could have been saved. The men mounted on to the roof and kept the building well saturated with water. For tunately the fire was confined to the site of the outbreak. I am told the property belonged to Mr H. Horrocks, was insured for £100 ; and Dr Walker's effects, includ ing drugs for a like amount. I have not spoken to either of the parties, so I cannot be certain that this is correct. Amongst many others, our local constable, Six Thom, rendered good service. I regret to report that the Ovens Gold and Tin claim is once more at a standstill, and the pumps being drawn is evidence that nothing is likely to be done in the shape of work, at least, far the present. I intend to furnish particulars when the necessari data is to hand. I am informed that the manager, Mr J. Cock, has been pressed to take the management of a valuable mining property in South Aus tralia. I have not heard whether Mr Cock will accept the opportunity or not. 