NOTES AND EVENTS. On Thursday next Mr. Heron, P.M., will hold a corouial enquiry into the origin ol the fatal bushfires that occurred on the 6th of February last. After the partial manner in which Mr. Heron acted on the.occasion of the last inquests, we consider the Minister of Justice has acted unwisely in empowerins !Mr. Heron to superintend the forthcoming enquiry. At the enquiry held on the 13th February, Mr. Heron said, when addressing the jury, "Although some people have stated that Mr. Whitchell Standley had something to do with the origin of the fire, the evidence given to-day satisfies me that he had nothing to do with it." If, as some papers state, Mr. 'Heron wooul have been going outside the pale of his duty as coroner to have, referred at all to the origin of the fire at the inquests on the bodies, unless he received a fee of five guineas, or was specially instructed by the Minister, why did he make a -remark calculated to exonerate Mr. Whitehell Standley or any body else. That marvel of unfitness Inspector Burton is, we are in formed, again coming to conduct the case. As we said on a former occasion the local police would manage the miatter in a much better and more satisfactory manner, being thoroughly acquainted with every particular in connection with the fire, and having therefore better facilities for obtaining in. formation. However, we shall carefully watch the proceedings at the inquest on Thursday, and if everything is not con dupted in a satisfactory manner-open and above board--we shall again demand and obtain fresh enqqiries, and crush any vile attempt at partial riugling when vublic interests cry aloud for Fmpartiality. Sergeant SwaJe, of Geelong, has been here during the past two or three days collecting evidence and making other necessary arrangements for the carrying out of the enquiry, bnt owing to the continued illness of Mr. Whitohell Standley, and the little girl, Ellen Miller, it is q?eito probable that the inquest will lmve to be further postponed for an indefinite period. The adjourned meeting of the Free Library Committee was held in the institution on Friday evening last. The following mem bhers were present- Messrs. B. I. Dredge (President), Haacock, Wilson, . C, Morrison, and Bartlett. In consequenco of the ab sence.of Mr. Lankestel, the Secretary, some difficulty arose concerning the minutes of the last meetings, as it was stated that some matters entered therein were not put in the form of reso!?tions, but was merely men tioned in desultory conversation. This was theostatement of Mr. Hancock, who wag the .oily member present that bud attended trb previous meeting. Eventually it 'Wp deter mined to strike out the portions referred to. Aletter wasreadfrons Mr. LaTkester, with re ference to the' best means of obtaining aid for the institution, and also stating that, considering the relation in which the trea surer stood to the librarian, it was unfavor able to the committee oltaining pqqtribu. tions. The .coPqioeration of the letter was postponed for the .;tegnce of the writer. Mr. Lankeeter also wrote su gestjig that a wicket-gate be placed in the gardes fence facing Murray street, in order tnat the pub. lie Right be able to obtain access to the gar dens. - In this pnatter no action was taken. Mr, Hancock sail that it would .be neces sary to appoint someone pl. to act as secre tary in place 'of 4Ir. 'Laskester, for, ipy pq sequence of that gentleman's deafness, he was unable to fulfil his duties satisfactorily. It was evident such a ehangg was necessary, for he (?Mr. Lankester) only gutessed at mat ters, and another rbasoon why he should not occupy that position, was that he did not attend regularly. Mr. Bartlett, who' entered the room somewhat later, on being pressed,, consented to take the. office for. three mouths. With re fereee fo a subscription said to have been paid to one of the committee by Mr. Thomas Ryan; Mr. Wilson stated that Mr Michael Anthony, an ex-committeeman, had told him that he had received the eubsc~iption in question, "and would at once ptyr it over. The president stated that some objection had been raised against Mr. Ryan being elected on the committee as he was not a subscriber. and it was against the rules to elect anyone who was not. As it was shown that Mr. Ryan was a subscriber his election was confirmed. ?:f Hancock reported that the canvass for subscriptions was very incomplete. Mr. Tiluoeas Marshall had informed him that he hal never been asked for a subscription. The liabilities of the committee were stated tolbe to date £30 13s. 2d., and some accounts were passed for payment as soon as they bhad sufficient funds in baind. To fill an existing vacancy on the committee, the Rev. S.S utton Green was nominated, and the commttee began to consider the best means of relioringthe debt. On the motion of Mr. Bartlettit was decided to write to the Minister of liaiLvays, through Mr. O'Hea, .the member for the district, ask ing the lowest cost of obtaininga special train to convey about 1000 childrer and adulte to Geclong during the Easter weak. This, Mr. Bartlett thonght, could be obainedat acost of about £15, and if a charge of about 6ne shilling a head on the average was charged, a good round sum could be vetted for the institution. The plan was liartily agreed to, and the motion was carrieC unanimously. Hr. Bartlett thought another plan of raising a few pounds would be for te trustees and commi-tiee to challenge the Stire Councillors and officers to a muff cricksr match. This was also agreed to, and the Secretary was instructed to write to the Council at their meeting on Wednesday, tin 19th instant, asking them to fix the data? The match will be played in the Agriciltural Society's Ground, and promises to be provocative of a of a great deal of amnsemmat, especially if the suggestion of Mr. Morrison to play in costume, be acted upon. 'Thie concluded the business, and- the meeting adjourned until the 28th instant. Mr. M'Donald, the curator of the Botani. cat Reserve, is dotermiune that visitors to the Regatta shall be farorably impressed with the grounds under his management. New improvements. are rapidly being made. Several new 'walks have been formed which enable the visitor to get to any portion of the gardens with the greatest ease, and not as formerly, have to take a cnrcuitous route, nearly a mile in length before one large drive could be reached from the other. The large plot of ground in front ofthe main entrance is being dug and prepared for the reception of grass seed. Notwithstanding the drought there is at present a splendid show of bloom, which, combined with the nicely trimmed walks, make the botanical retreat a delighful place fod whiling away a pleasant hour. An instance of reckless use of firearms that is deserving of the severest censure, and might have been attepded with serious consequences, has been related to ns.. On Friday evening some youths that reside east of the Botanical Gardens were having some shooting practice, and thoughtlessly and recklessly placed a kerosene tin in a direct line with the reserve, about two hundred yards distant from the conservatory as a target to shoot at. Several shots were fired, and a gentleman in thegardens was ntounded to hear a random ballet whizz past him, and bury itself in the ground close to the glass house. Several ladies had passed by a few moments previously, little thinking of the proximity of danger, and our informant states that it is simply miraculous that we have not to chronicle a serious or fatal acci dent. The. ordinary meeting of the Board 'of Advice was held in the schoolroom. on Fri day evening. Thomembers present were Messrs. Cooper, (Chairman), Bartlett, and Thomas. "Correspondence was read from the Department in reference to the site or the school at Irrewillipe East. The site re commended by the Board was said'to be oc cupied under section 20, aiod the correspond ent was instructed to communicate with the Department, stating that the site recom mended was Crown land. A letter was also received in reply to one sent by the board asking that an order might be issued for the teaching of singing and drawing in the local State Schools. The Department evidently misunderstood the letter, for the reply was to the effect that when the person. nel of thestaff was changed, the request would be complied. An answer was ordered to be sent stating that the present staff was com petent, and willing, to carry out the order if instructed to do so by the' Department. The insufficient supply of water at tihe Elli minyt State School was then considered, and it was resolved to apply to the Depart ment for one or two tasks. The Gardens Committee should at once take steps to have the slaughter house to the east of the reserve removed. When the wind is blowing in a westerly direction it is im possible to beor the stench that is borne right through the grounds, and which, for the time, makes the Gardens. a place to be shunned instead of visited. A license should never have been granted for slaughtering so close to a recreation reserve, and we hope some of the members of the shire council will take steps to have at once removed the most objectionable public nuisance in the town. The authorities should put a stop to an objectionable practice, now freely indulged in by boys on Sundays, and that is bathing at the mouth of the Baroogarook creek, in close proximity to the Botanical Gardens. On Sunday last about a dosen youths might have been seen in different stages of nudity bathing in the creek, and if the practice fs not put a stop to, ladies will be deterred from visiting the gardens or walking along the banks of the Lake, Numerous complaints have recently lien made rvlative to the Gcolfng AdverhIfefhav ing been evidently disvensed with by the Library Committee. The leading Geelong paper is eagerly lioked for daily, as there are a nnmbsrof people in Colae who formerly lived in Geelong, and the Librirry Committee would e)lqe wisldon. that would Il generally appreciated by dspeansing withl one of the three Melbournup papersa asnd obtain the Adcve?lisaer as heretofore. Mr. Iongmore, tire Minister of Jands, wouldappearto be unnecessarily delaying the thlrowing open of a portion of the Otway Forest for selection. N'umerous enquiries are daily being made by intending selectors as to when the Goveriraenf Gargetfe notice will appear with tlle welcomp notification. We are ourselves at as great a lose as anybady else to know how it is that there is so much bungling in connection with the Lands Ie artnst, Hardly a day passes hut that we ave co.aplaints ~smde aboqlt inerceosable irregularity. We hIope that if thies should meet the eye of Mr.. Longmore he will see about carrying out the promie Ihe made, and immediately make prrangements for allowing intending selectors to at once peg out the land, because if they not do so aot once the winter wall be upon them, sad a season Bccordingly lost: And we also think it tiald be desirable for Mr. Longanore to enquire into thle worling of his Department, ap WE uonsider a little supervision and in jspeoion is iqthat qparter badly needed. A mantch was played op Saturday last at Camperdown between tile Bifregurra and Camperdown teams. The Birregurra team bad'to obhtai three men from Colac, an many of their hast players were unable to attend. The Birregurra iteam emade 4 runs, ahnd tle CO?mDerdown team moade 17'2 run, with the loss of six wickets,. Henry was the highest scorer with 72 runs for Camper dowsn, and Nehill with 14 for Birregurra. 'The team representing the visitors was not considered anything like the best that could I;p raeopd, * We this morning present our readers with a supplement which contains a good accounnt ef important items of mail news, topics of generalinterest, and the usunal budget of othser inter~stihg reading matter. ' Inrreference to our paragraph conecerning the late firm of Messrs. Robertson and •MIptosh, we are requested to state that that firm is in no way conoueced with that of Mesrs. Mill and Co., now conductinag busieass at the rolwarth Stores,. '7 •- -*. . On Saturday, the second eleven of the.. Colac and Birregurra clubs met in friendly rivalry. As usual. the Colac team war de feated. The visitors arrived in a smartly equipped coach and buggy snpplied by Mr. Lambell, of the Commercial Hotel, whilst another team wa, despatched to Camp·er down conveying the first eleven. It is a pity that the cricketers here could set take example Iy Birregurra and go in for prastioe and pull together. It certainly seems re markable that a small township, not a fifth part as large as Colac, can send away two teams on the one day, while Colac san only muster one-such as it is- with the greatest difficulty. We are pleased to see by the Melbourne papers that MFr. John Finnamore's friends intend making preparations for the pro. duction of his play Carpio, at one of the leading Melbourne theatres. Mr. Finnamore's play is one of great merit, and is founded on an important event in Spanish history. It is satisfactory to know that the Melbourne friends of a gentleman who made himself during his sojourn at Colaso x. ceedingly popular, are able and willing to appreciate ability and merit, and prove their appreciation in a tangible manner. • A sad accident was reported to us last night from Birregurra. On Sunday evening a selector named John Stevenson, was driv. ing a spring cart with his brother and another selector named Brunt, near Bambra, when the wheel of the vehicle came in collision with a stump, the result being that John Stevenson was jerked out, the wheel passing over his eheht. He complained very much of the pain anL was conveyed to the nearest house, where he remained until the following morning, when he suddenly expired. An inquiry will be held to-day before Mr. NIeren, P.M. We very much regret to have to ehromisle the death of an infant child of Mr. P. Fallon's. The child expired on Friday last, and was buried in the Colas cemetery an Sunday. Mr. John Wray, of Wool Wool, has dis. posed of his celebrated blood stallion "Blue Light," to AMr. James Dowling, of Colac. The" figure is. stated to be £270. We are glad to see that this horse will remain in the district, for he is certainly the best blood sire within a considerable distance of Colac. The weather on Sunday was almost as warm as any experienced this summer. Yesterday the snn.shone in all its fierceness in a clear sky, which forcibly reminded us that until we passed through the' month of March, we will not have entirely done with the warm weather of the season. The bankrupt stock of A. and J. M'Cooey has fallen into good hands, Mr. John West, of'Bridge House, having pluckily secured it. The speculation, we believe, is'an extensive one, and Mr. West, as a cnterer for the drapery requirements of Colac, deserves en. couragement.. This is the second insolvent stock which Mr. West has secured during his short stay amongst us, and the unprece dented success which has attended .his efforts, proves that the Colac public are alive to the benefits he offers them. If only men of buriness knowledge and with busi. ness habits undertook to conduct business places, we would hear less of failures in this colony. When, however, men without knowledge, capacity, or capital, blindly "make a start for.themselves," it is little wonder that they come to the wall. We wish Mr. West will in his speculation. It will be seen by advertisement in another column that the Government invite tenders for the leasing of the Refreshment Rooms at the railway station from the 1st April next, until the 0th of June, 1881.. The present lessee is giving up the rooms, because when the day train was discontinued, she naturally expected that the Govornment would allow compensation. This it appears would not be done, fresh tenders for the leasing of the rooms have therefore been called for. Full particulars regarding rules and regulations may be had on application to Mr. Smith, the local station master. . It will be seen by advertisement in another column 'that the Empson troupe, well and favorably known in this district, will give one of their very popular entertainments'in the Oddfellows' Hall on Friday night next, and will appear in Birregurra on Saturday. " In connection with the Bitregurra?sporta we wish to inform local athletes that aecept. ances for the cap must be sent in to the Secretary, Mr. H..M. Lawrance, not later than Thursday next, 13th March, and en tries for all the other events will close ea that day. Tenders for the right of holding publican's and refreshment booths will be received up to 6 o'clock this evening. The efforts of the Government to carry eo the. work of the rabbit extermination throughout the colony have not been so sec.? cessful as we anticipated; but it is intended (says the Tdejrayh), during the recesso to thoroughly consider the matter and submit a bill to Parliament at its. next session. Some time since it was represented to Mr. Longmore that if the rabbits were kept under on the Crown lands, the selectors throngh the colony would'be able to check the increase of rabbits upon their lands. Mr. Lougmore accordingly submitted to his colleague a proposal, of which they approved, to the effect that for every £1 expended by a squatter in the destruction of rabbits upoir his land, the Government would grant a remission of 30s. in the rent. The remia sion was limited to £1,500 in each instanee, which would 'mean an expenditure of £1000 on the part of the squatter. Contrary to expectation, this scheme has not been found td work well; less than half of the squatters who are tenants of the Crown consenting to act under the provisions of the scheme. Mr. Longmore also tried the experiment in the Colao district of stimulating the local bodice to assist in the extermination of the rabbits, but he has not been satisfied with the result. He granted the district a hbonusa of £500, untrammelled by any conditions ex. cept that the money should be spent in the destruction of rabbits, and to the satisfac. tion of the Crown lands bailiff. The district consonted to this, and also promised that whatever profits were realised from the sale of the rabbitsakins would be added to the amount granted by the Govsernment. The result ofthis expenditure (extending over a period of three weeks) has been tbhe estruc' tion of 120,000 rabbits, instead of 500,000, as was anticipated. Mr. Longmore, profit ing by experience, intendato adopt measures of a moro el'eotive and general character, as he has found that whatever Gaverument money is proposed to be extended in this work of decimation, private enterpirise is partially, and sometimes altogether, aban. doned. The Hon. John Woods, Commissioner of Railways attended a very infinental'mecting of the residents of Camperdown who are in favor of railway extension on Thursday.' Ac coriling to the Chronicle Mr. Woods stated that his object inviaitinog the district was to examiue the diffcrent lines included in the Failway Construction Bill, so that he might he able to say in the House that he knew as muclh of the merits of 'arious lihes a any one in Parliament. He would be happy to hear any. satatmeut or information that wo?ld be aof seric to him. Messrs. Curdie, W. Scott, Ower, Walls, R. D. Scott, and other gentlemen, spoke in favor of the Rail way dxtenusion to Camperdown. 'Mr. Woods sasd that he was glad to meet so many gentle. men interested in railway matters.' Of course l ,o culd nt prnomise them anything, bs0t hle wonld lay their 'views before the Cabinet, where these matters were settled. Personally, he fully reeognised their claims for railwayaccommodation. Mr Scott,Presi dent of the Shire,thankcd the Minister for his kindness in afording them an interview, and invited the Minister and other friends to the Leura Hotel, where the health of the Minister was proposed by Dr. Curdie in- a happy speech, and very warmly received by thqoe present. Mr. Woods replied, and hoped he would meet them at the opening of the Camperdown line. ' The order-in.coincil of the 21sf February, 1876, excepting from occupation for resi dence or business 7a. Br. ip. 6f land in the 'arish of Elliminyt, situate in section P, temporarily reserved as a site for affording sceew to water, has bs.n revekef. An awfully sudden and melancholy death I occurred at Maribyrnong on Saturday morn- Ra ineg last (sa}'d the Age). Mr. S: S. Ritchie, mu the manager of the Australian Meat Pre. IM. serving Comnpany's works, was preparing to 15t escort his family to the races at Flemington, ] when lie was seized with a sudden attack of 16r giddiness,.and just managed to get inside I thi his residence when he expired. The de- qui ceased gentleman was universally respected to throughout the district for his integrity a;nd tIe personal worth. lHe was for many years to connected with the Braybrook Shire Coun- ant cil, and As a justice of the peace won the car esteem of all who came before him soc for his clear judgment and impartial adi manner., On Tuesday last lie acted as thi returning officer for the election at Foots. col cray, and although in dclicatehealthappeared E.x to be in better spirits than he had been for some time previously, and he so conducted I lthe business of the day at the various booths M" as to call forth the highest encomiums from co0 both sides. He had suffered for a consider- toi able time from pains in his head and neural- th gin, but death is supposed. to have resulted pl from disease of the heart. His loss has cast ag quite a gloom over the district, and will in prove a severe blow to the company which A] ihe so ably managed, and in which he was a wr` large shareholder. 15 The autumn meeting of the Victoria Ra. pr ing Club was. brought to a termination on in Saturday, when the weather was again de- in lightful, but the attendance was meagre in w the extreme. The Nursery Handicap ha brought a good field" to the post, and it was n won cleverly by the unbacked Mercury, The at Czar being second, and Chesterfi:ld third. at The Newmarket Handicap fell to Dinmed lit after a capital race, and Bob Sawyer, Tocal, T and La Loup ran a dead heat for second l place. Bosworth had an easy victory in the pi Town Plate, with Wellington and Warlock hi b second and third, and Belladrum easily ap- tl propriated the Flemington Stakes. Starlight w and old Prodigious were the only two out of the six competitors that got' over the ti Steeplechase course, and the former won in a canter. A capital day's racing terminated E with the Three.and-Four-Year-Old Handi cap, which fell to the. Darriwell, Monarque ii bemig second and Soothsayer third. r The London Chartered Bank at Lands d borough.(says the Avoca Free Press) has t been closed. . The terror inspired by the c Kelly gang is said to be the chief cause of e the closing of the bank, which, it is re- t ported,. was doing a large and profitable o business. A local crew of.rowers are now engaged d in active practice, and nearly every morning v may be seen skilfully plying the oars on v Lake Colac, determined to be able to dis- n guish themselves at the forthcoming Re- . gatta. ' The Chamber of Deputies have voted a sum of 240,000 francs, as requested by the Government, to aid French representation at the Sydney Exhibition. Over 10 inches of rain have fallen in the g Tamworth district since February lst. The b season there promises to be the best for six s years. , A telegram from Albury' in Saturday evenings Herald states that much regret was expressed there when it became known that the ydung man, William Moffat. emns. ployed in the Bank of New South Wales, who was accidently shotya few days since, had died.. He was but twenty-four years of age, and well-known in Melbourne. .It ( will be remembered that a few days since Moffatt saw a sapicious looking character e enter the bank, -and drew out a drawer in which was a loaded revolver. The weapon, by some means, fell on the floor and ex- t ploded shooting Moffatt in the legs. At t iirst but little was thought of the matter, and he anticipated being about again in a few days. Two days since a letter was re ceived from him by ,a friend in Melbourne, written in the most hopeful strain. Yester day, however, jock-jaw set in, and it soon t became painfully evident that the end was near. Some friends from Melbourne were f telegraphed for, but on their arrival Moffat was found to be insensible. Very general i regret is expressed at the fatal termination of the sad accident. The deceased was to be 1 married shortly to a young lady residing near Melbourne. A great deal has been said lately about the t prosperity existing in New South Wales. During the debate on Ways and Means on the 4th inst., Mr: M'Elhone, in his place in the New South Wales Parliament, accord ieg to the Evening Nwse, drew the following dismal picture of the state of affairs in the sister colony :-" He believed the country was almost as bad as it could be. Our sur plus had arisen solely from the sale of the i public estate. The banks would not now advance money on station property, because the surplus was locked up in the purchase of I land and lent by the banks for that purpose. I All other kinds of property was depreciating. The Sydney merchants would say that busi, nese was never worse; and people were looking for employment in 'hundreds. We were parting with the public estate, but not patting population on the soil, He advised a. careful revision of the taxation of the country, in order that the Government mnight be prepared to meet their difficulties when they came." "Attieu" in the Leader of Saturday last states that in Sydney the credit system in business obtains, to a large extent. This is confirmed by the fact that' few Sundays ago a preacher there, holding forth on the social wickedness of the day, informed his hearers that the first steps towards reforma tion would be accomplished if all citizens " were seized with an impassioned anxiety to pay their debts." A number of trades. people present thought it the beat sermon they had ever heard in their lives. The old adage, Physician heal thyself, would apply in this instance, if not to the preacher, in dividually, at least to the order to which he belongs. Every minister is not "seized with the impassioned daire" to pay his . debts, for I see that a Roman Catholic divine in that colony has called a meeting of his creditors, his liabilities being set down at-£50,000, The catastrophe was brought asout?.y a too speesilative tendency in the direction of piblichouse property. Reasons against the forfeiture of the lieenuses held by John Alex. Wilson and Hamilton Dorman, for 2la. Or.- 10p. and * 67a. 3r. 4p., respectively, in the parish of Lorne, will be heard at Geelong on the 2nd April. Also, againsttheforfeiture of license held by Michael M'Grath, for102a. jr, 17p., parish of Gerangamote, at Colac, on a day to be fixed. The following site on the 4olac Common has been reserved for watering pnrposes, and will be withheld from occupation for resi dence or business:-Five acres, county of Pbolwarth,parish of Elliminyt : Commencing at the north.west angle of Jane Matthews' 47th section block, No. 457; .bounded thence b a line bearing north five chains; thence " by a road bearing east ten chains; thence by a line bearing south five chains; thence by J. Matthews' block aforesaid, bearing .west ten chains to the point of commence . ment. SAccording to' the WIarrambooil Sftanlard, .the production of wheat in that district this year is not sufficient to meet local require meats. .The application of Frederick Newcombe, .. for 40 acres, in the parish of Yaugher, has been refused. Twenty acres of the same land will be open for selection on the 21st March, 1879. The following land on the Camperdown district will be open for selection under Part III, section 19, of the Land Act, 1869, on and after Friday, 21st March, 1879, at nine o'clock a.m.:-Parish of Gnarkeet; area, about 43 acres; being the water re serve at the junction of the Gnarkeet Ponds, with the three chain road from Lismnore to Cressy, reserving about two acres along the creek for watering purposes. SThe? pllowing lisensees of Crown lauds are ma rreara :-Under Scetion 19--R. M. S Campbell, 60 acres, and Joseph Stewart, 57 ' acres,. aronmgarook, and Gcorgea.teswart., e9 acres, and HIenry Ireland, two blocks of 40" Oacres, parish of Yaugher Under section n. -?-nW . Chapman,. 43 aerec, and Thomas S mith, 50 acres, parish of Yaugher. f.t:. . . . : Nomiuatioey for the Colac Turf Club Races to be lid on Tuesday, April 15th, must be sent to the Secretary, Mr. 1H. M. Hearu, our before Saturday next, the 15th int. His Excellely the Governor will hold a Werle at Goveslment House to- morrow at three p.m. "Ctlemen attending are re quested to appjr in evening costume, and to provide theiclves with two cards with the name writti legibly thereon ; one card to be left on thltable at the entrance hall, and the other 3 he given to the aide-de camp. Incorltated and other bodies, societies, and pons desirous of presenting addresses or omeirials to his Excellency on this .occasion 8 requested to transmit copies of such as-"esses or memorials to his Excellency's priec secretary previously. About 9000 10ons were preesnt on 'the M.C.C. ground lSaturday to witness the continuation of ti match between the Vic torian eleven anLord Harris's team, and those present evied a keen interest in the play of the darivilhich went very much against the colonfs. Mullaghplayed a.fine innings, but, win the exception of loran, Alexander, and iker, his efforts were not vwell supported. ihe innings closed for 155 runs. Thelelding of the English men was superband Emniett's bowling proved very destcttive. The Englishmen, in a bad light, unt in for their second innings, they hang 54 rues only to get to win. When th?uimps were drawn they had lost 4 wicketsr 31 runs. An unfortu nate misunderstang with regard to the time at which the stuni;should be drawn arose at the close of theldy, which resulted in a little bad feelingetwrecn the two teams. Tihe match was colcded yesterday, when Webbe and Luceashe two not out men, put together 23 rutiin half an hour, which brought the score sto 302, the Euglishmen Stherefore winnint y one run and six wickets to spare. Judging by the bowing, the Argus and the party that it resents are wofolly out of their reckoning 4o the reception of the Emnlassy in Londslon d generally in fact, in relation to Victo. affairs:- The Act ing Chief Secretar .l: on Thursday night received a telegramst s the Chief Secretary, dated 5th inst., stat1 that he had decided to offer three milli; of a loear at 98, in. eluding interest. Ttenders will be openedl on Thursday the 3letist. Mr. Borey adds that the Agent-Gene~hip was about to be 0 offered to the right I H. C. E. Childers, M.P., who would ibably accept it, and I discharge the duties dhe office temporarily g without salary out of friendly feelings to a wards Victoria. Mr.erry also states that up to date no answerk been received from \- Sir Michael Hicks-Bei on the reform ques tion, but that Englishblic opinion favored a settlement. The hlm and Athseunum Clubs have elected thlhief Secretary and n Professor Pearson as 'orary members. Intelligence from tl reck of the Koran e gic states that the sta?r has completely e broken up, and that anntity of the goods x saved and stored on tlbeach has been re moved by wreckers. ? far from the spot where the Kerangie wvfost, there lies the t wreck of a wooden 41 of about 50i) or 600 tons. It was evidly of British build, but no opinion could iformed as to how long this wreck had laihere. One of the most inmpnt items of intelli gence contained in onurropean telegrams .t (writes the Age) is tlacquisition of the e island of Rhodes by th~iecli. Rhodes is r off the S. W: coast of Afic Turkey, in the n Mediteranean, and hassn termed "The I, Pearl of the Levant." iontains a popula c- tion estimated at 30,000.whom about two t thirds are Greeks and olone-fourth Turks. , The soil is very fertile, I the climate ex a cellent. Its distance frCyprus is nearly \- 300 miles, and it is neard.tte Dardanelles. This action of the Fch Government r- would appear to indicathat France is to n take a more active part he settlement of u affairs in the East thasts been the case e for someJimne past, andit her influencee it will be e..,ited with thif Great Britain al in the initation of be government in of Turkey, and in guranteeithe integrity of e what remains of the Ottdt Empire. An Age Sydney teleg says that the liabilities of-the Sydney oration amount e to £1,250,000. It is belt that decisive measures will soon be sited to compel 1 the Government to take 'n in the mat ter. It has been sugge that a public gathering be held to ado petition to the ig aldermen asking them to gn. y A despatch has becnicivd by the r- Acting-Treasurer from tigent-General, to intimating that the tender essrs Thorny w croft and Co., naval ship era, has been se accepted for the constructbf a stean tor of pedo launch, to be used I defence pur ., poses in Port Phillip. Thotract price is g. .£2750. and the vessel will mnpleted and i, sent out as soon as possiblb In order to protect therder town of o Corowa against any inyas'f the Kelly gang, a number of its gitants were sworn in as special constab ?Oiie of these e nalmed Arthur Browne appfl at the local Pt P.l.ce Court on Saturday i answer the 0s charge of refusing to do dirs a special constable. The Bench (sayl Wlah unyah at Netws) decided to fine himn, with the i alternative of fourteen day.jprisonment, is and called his attention to fact that if Ys he ag'ain disobeyed orders tlo would be W. increased. The fine we i has since ns been remitted. a The Leader gives an amuillustration y of journalistic inconsistencypo ting the following from the leadi, Oposition ' journal :-" Argus, 6th Neber, 1878. Id Lancefield ;oad to Lancefiies thirteen miles. This branch is terni milk-line, y and very properly so, for itis designed h for the special purpose ofmcg the State ecow. Milk-lie, forsooth; §hall be dhearing next of a cream-clline, or a Sbouquet line, or some otbsurdity. "cArgus, lst March, 1879."e urgent claims of Lancefied to a ra were ad ht mitted years ago. No coune woul he pay better, and yet the Goveint ignored the district in the sche sf 1877." The Leader adds --''In ordabuso the he Ministry in 1878 it was nece to attack ad its railway policy. As the L was not nd conducted upon any other grodthanthat of of antipathy to }he originators scheme, nd every detail of-the scheme ivaled wit se scruple, and wiithout consdra In J87) P, the mission continues, but eansof Iy abuse have to .be altered. get Mr. Harper votes it is necessarp apeas .on Lancefield, and therefore its yis ex nd alted, and an attempt is mad ure the si- Ministry in that district blemnig of them for not having made a iy whi ;ng they were reprehended for pl on their As' schedule." ee The recent drought has been estrue ie tive to the fish with which of the 'e smaller lakes and creeks in IVestern ice district are filled, Some yearsseays the og Geelong Advertiser, Mr. J. J nor suc ce- cessfully stocked a large sheet ser near Winchelsea, known'as Walsh's p, with rd, fish of the carp species, "but tijter has ihis nearly all dried up, and its ousts are re- fast expiring through having no niundh b water," but too little. A welln resi be, dent of Winchelsea intends see some has of them, for the purpose af pla cis fine me specimen of the tinny tribe in arwvon lst River, , A South Australian paper stat there wan ill bbe a great' falling off in the of the der northern vineyards tiss season. frt ;g, is unusually small, owing to tnt of at moisture. Some varieties of vineposd et; situations have suffered very m d the re- grapes will scarcely be worth e In do, low ground, where the subsoil and to where the vinecs hase Ileesn well a d to, the the prospects are favorable, con the dry season. ?ds At Balranald on Saturday, the uso. f. raugers of Hattield notoriety were itted ,57 to take their trial'at Deilquiun 17th art,.i April next. Mr. Casev, a magi who of was present at the capture, while his io00 evidence complimented power an ford as I and Special.cohstable Day, on t?ory they displayed, ,. 