NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events.—Marionettes, at the Mechanics' Institute; Creswick races; meeting of Sebastopol Council; nominations for City Board of Advice; Mr P. C. Baker at. Fidler’s hotel, Little Bendigo, 8 p.m., Mr Gribble at Prince of Wales hotel, Happy Valley, -8 p.m.; Mr M’lnerney at Meagher’s hotel, Kangaroo, at-6, . Emd at . Skinner's, hotel, Staffordshire Reef, 8 p.m.;'meeting of‘St. John’s Lodge, 1.C., 7.30 p.m.; meeting of Hibernian Society, B~p.m.;meeting of Australian Natives’ Association, Craig’s hotel, 8 p.m. ■Wo publish to-day our.monthly summary of intelli gence . for, transmission to Korops by ' the outgoing mail steamer. : ‘ . The latest returns of the polling at West Bourke, are—Deakin, 1351; Harper, 1249. The majority for Deakin is, therefore, 102. , One'return is still to come " There'was a gentle fall of rain from about half-past .12 to 5 o’clock on Wednesday morning, but its effects; were visible on. the ground.; On Wednesday! evening the'.’wind was in the north-east, but the heat was very oppressive in Ballarat. . h i ' The Creswick Races take place to-day. /.The entries appeared in our Wednesday’s issue. ' CompjaintsTeach us with reference to bread of very, inferior quality being in the market. It is whispered that a lot of third-rate flour has been sold in Ballarat; and is now being worked up into bread!'- House holders cannot be too cautious about the bread they allow into their houses now that so much diarrhoea and English cholera are about. A medical gentleman informs us that .some samples of bread which were ' shown him are 'quite unfit' for food v'and that in: two or three instances he has traced dysenteric attacks to which children have been subjected., to no other cause than the eating of bread made from bad lon, . .K’At fireibroke out about,-4 o’clock on Wednesday afternoon ,on the premises of Mrs Walker, dressmaker,. Main road^'The brigades were quickly on the spot, and-'set matters.-to rights, without . difficulty. The ■flames were /confined; to the l roof, -through/which a small hole,’was burnt'.. The' cause iif-the fire sea gas to have been the falling sparks from the adjoining black smith's shop, occupied by .Mr Dunn.-, • A bush,fire broke on Mr Samuel Dean’s.farm, hear ,the Half-way House, Burrumbeet road, oh Wednesday morning; at' about 10 o’clock. - -The'train from Stawell i.to:Ballarat, drawn by engine-No. 10/had'jdst passed the farm when the flames broke out. The grassin Mr Dean's paddocks was long and dry as tinder, 1 the fire therefore swept onwards at a furious pace to r| the south'.. '-Mr l Dean's corn-stacks were walled in . with stone fencing, and were saved, but not without great exertions on the part of the farm hands and neighbors; who mustered in force sis soon as the alarm was given. .Messrs Qunn andKing, who w?re, amongst the fink to observe the] fife, drove at'' once, to' the /neighbors l and 'warned them of the danger. A stack of rye-grass ;tay pm, Mr DeanV farm was consumed, 1 as the fire spread south towards the Burrumbeet road, but the farm buildings were, by plucky exertions;, saved /front destruction. Messrs Rae’s and Hepburn's paddocks were more or/lep * be f> r “ s was oonsumeteia of encmg. Alto gether between/aix and (seven Khndred aoijes of grass were burnt. :/Tha fire Wssjat length subdued, but towarfflSvenihg broke iutagain, but with what result ■we are unawara; A correspondent states that a second i fire bloke outibont a mitadiatanlrtcom the scene of 'the first, biit what dainagb'/was done baa not been I reported. that the/jire was caused by the sparks froin’the engine. of; thjSiStawell train. It is said tb‘it engine No. lO'hitflately caused three fires along the. line. ■ in~answer to the - requests of-several are desirous .to .at Mr..Bird, M.P/, on jyad~a«iday»‘winfciid.nn'tha-Koßi'tlie;l|iirfBter -of-Lands, and aBoartalned.that.in_ab’out,,thrje„weeks , 160,000 acres of land at Apollo Bay would be open for selection, and that it would be gazetted in a few 'days, < { >; ... , r f . v K Mr P. C. Baker addressed a large meetißgjiof electors for the -mining district of Ballarat at the-. Brown Hill.hotaLon Mr Hoskins was voted to the chair, and in .intfo'ducingtha -candi ''date aaid'tha't Mr Baker had been in office forthepaat three years,,and had' discharged his- 'duties ..and kept ('(his,.promises faithfully, andie (the chairman) feltsuro. that hehad used his best "endeavors to further the interests of the miners generally." The candidate was then-introduced, and was well received.' Mr- Baker' .'gave' an account of his past career as a member of the Mining Board, and during his remarks’ said that" he , ‘ was'the only ttiember who advocated miner’s-rights sis a basis of a title, as it was the-cheapest and best, for it gave the right to mina-on Crown lands, a residence ' •area', ‘ and also to out timber for mining: and domestic .purposes, and, in fact, was -,a‘ direct.and substantial "title against all disputants. The candidate,was I .then' asked questions, which were replied .to’ satisfactorily. A unanimous vote-of confidence was then .carried on. the motion’of Mr Campbell Boyd/ seoonded-by Mr C. B. Davis. A vote! .of thanks (was passed to tha chair man, and arrangements -were made for the purpose of facilitating' the candidate’s return. "The. Speaker has issued a writ for a member to serve in' the,. Legislative Assembly for the electorate of P.o6tscfay,/in the’ropii.bt the late M.; L/ .King.- r (The nomination day is fixed for the .25th Pebruary;, poll ing, Ath March; and return of writ on the 11th day of. March.’ /.: . V . -.'/ ,(,: /’ V/ ;',, Dead' drunk, ordead exhausted, a.bushman, on Wednesday afternoon laid himself down on the door sill of Machefer’s wine shop at the Mechanics’ Insti /trite/(and waA soon fast asleep. The wags saidfthat it.was one of Maoh’eferV rural chickens come home to •roost,.; and •’ the vendor; /of pure colonial wines " : seemed -more amused than' vexed by : the ; ascetic sleeper, who had no better bed than St. Jerome had, /though/acting as a sort of St. Jerome lion in the way to. the/Unaacetic comforts inside/ Maohofer*called upon: the'saint or the police.’. Three ,of these last angels of peace came and hated off the sleeper to the look-up. ■- • L ’ ; . : A.large.picnic party, representing the children of the Cfanrch: of- England Sunday-schools at Geelong together with'a number of friends and others,.held an outing at the lake and gardens on' Wednesday. The -excursionists were conveyedJn two . trains, .and- were •,'landed at the gardens siding.: The lake was: thronged /with steamers and'sailing boats called into requisition by the party, aed the omnibuses and cabs (conveyed 'numbers''of the' visitors through the town. 'The visitors expressed;■ themselves’ as being mdch'pleaae’d -with' Ballarat' and their day’s (holiday. , Mr Ward ■catered. at-the gardenafor the- party., Thh (return \- trains conveying the"excursionists home leftr Ballarat', at 5 and 5.30 p.m. - ‘Lord Harris’ eleven are to meet the Ballarat twenty-two on the Eastern Oval on Saturday and Monday, Ist and 3rdJ’ March. In the meantime the -local cricketers are, as the club’s secretary informs us, to go in' steadily -for.practice. : About thirty players have,- been seleoted’to train,for the match, and from these the twenty-two will be- selected. The club hopes to have .the wicket in something like order by the time .the Englishmen,arrive. We.trust the com-. ' mittee will see its way clear to provide proper accom modation , for the ' reporters. If the club’s crack matches are considered worth reporting, we innst ask that very different arrangements to the present be made forthe accommodation of the representatives of the press.’- All that is, required-is a corner of the stand—asmall space will suffice—to be appropriated exclusively by the- reporters./ As matters remain at present it is simply impossible for the reporters to do their vvork ; with either comfort or convenience. • (The Orptiad Asylum picnic was held at Geelong on. •"Wednesday. -•'• • -r, ' , .. .New/ 'accounts are lying at 'tho'/Sub-treasuryj (Smythesdale, for ■ -the .undersigned Springdallah Relief .Fund, jS2O; P. O ’Sullivan/ P. Jobannsen, and G; Ronald. - : The number of .awagsmen , who' are', travelling the country, seeking for employment 'appears snot to diminish. , Oh’ Monday - evening / twenty-two were accommodated ata squatter’s near Skipton. , Oiir ; -Smythesdale . correspondent -writes :—“ The/ change in the weather and the. succession of east:, winds has placed'several persons ’on.-the ■ aiok list, ’arisicig'from colds,- pains in the*bones, and- headaches; - The easterly winds have invariably been dreaded after a succession of hot ones, as they are' the precusor of chills, fevers/ and agues.’’ ‘ ‘ This is, wa suppose,;the sort of thing.which prbfec-' tionista are fond of boasting about. At an election meet ing at • Foot acrayan "elector atatedthat in that district children of (the age-of six and seven: years vhad been allowed to sign' a (memorial to the’- Chief Secretary, asking him to consent to’a certain factory being kept open ten.hoars a day. - there were ,little children—; babies alm6at-/( working in- factories-in-that district,' and their hours' were from early morning until late in the evening. How/could the children attend,thei .State,night-schools after such hard work ? •Minnie alias Marion Bertha Baker, who was re-: ■ inanded.'to Sandhurst, about a fortnight sinco on-'a charge bf r fraudulently,, obtaining a sewing-machine from Paul Carolin, and who was discharged by the- Sandhurst bench, was re-arrested inßallarat bn Wed nesday, on warrant,:by Detective Hyland, on a charge of larceny, aa a baillee. Accused will be remanded to Sandhurst. . ; . Referring to i.the West Bourke-election tha Argus' says:—“ Mr Harper has made a determined fight, and has almost defeated Ministers in one of the strongest of their strongholds. The’mining vote at Blackwood" went against him, but still. he’would haya.'wdn but.-; for the interference of the Minister of Railways, who - made "a' persohalc.canvass of "the Lancefield-Romaey district, and let it be known that the early 'cpnßtruc tion of the line’would depend upon the return of-Mr/ Deakin. The result. is' seen. in a.heavy vble/agaihat ! Mr Harper in a’district where/up till the date of Mr. Woods’ appearance,- the candidate reckoned with cer tainty upon a:majority.’’.V 1 :^ Referring to the eccentric-doings of tha t Closed' Roads Commission the Camperdoum Chronicle aaya:~- “Mr Loogmofe has done more to alienate water re serves in this. district' than any other” Minister "ever did before him, and ha Is persisting in this course/ He adopts it apparently'partly as. a matter of principle, and partly as' a.means of rewarding his followers, and' punishing those .who use these, .reserves when driving their cattle to market.”- ■ •< - Referring to the escape of Weiberg, a correspondent , writing to the Qippaland Mtrevry asks if he -:did not: get away at 4 o’clock in the morning, and whether the officials did not first see.him after they, were aroused by a man who was staying in tha hut ? . ■ A failure on the part of the'Woods patent brake to act when the engine-driver sought to apply it showed sucS tmWe consequences might follow XI p.m.rtrain .approached the ’WiUiamatown main station at a fast speed-(says the Argus), and when tuining ihto the platform the brake was applied with out effect. The train rushed more than a hundred • yards past the station, swaying aa it swept the curve. Had there been-a buffer at the end of the station, as there is at terminal stations,*-a terrible, catastrophe, would have resulted. ( . ’ ‘ • The Arpus states that “at recent Cabinet ..meetings .Ministers have had the question of the Harbor Trust before them." A majority of Ministers, we,understand, are, in, favor of'taking active steps to abolish'.the Trust, and in all probability/tha programme ot ,: next • session-will include a bill to repeal , the existing act. The Attorney-General has taken a dislike to tho body, which is composed of tho.wrong men to suit hie West Melbourne interests, and. he is implacable.’-’ .Traces of Leiohhardt’a party are said to.have .been discovered in Western Australia. Tlie telegram which conveys the news is from Perth, is.dated the 13th Februa^r/arid Anns as follows:—“ Traces of Leich hardt’s party-are supposed to have been found in the: ■far east The- Champion Bay natives showed/,the graves: and portions of saddlery, &c.;, supposed to refer •’to.the’deathrof one or two white men, and the depar ture and description of others.r Mr Leake Burges, who saw the graves, had no means of digging, bat in tends to'make a further search.” ■ / • •, : -..The Wamidmbbol Standard a'ays:^—“ The great fife' .of last week has left a scene of deaolatioh in Ballan geich, fences,"grass, and. stacks of hay - being burned, : and it ia/’qnly ’a: wonder that- ttre selectprs’, dwellings were not also swept away. Tj’mention ./the names °f.those who hava lost l bythe fire would- be simply to enumerate ’ all the resident! in the looality. As already mentioned Mr Eddinjton is/ : thd -prinbipal/ loser,. all -his i fences having; keen ; burned,, ;and the/ ( damage done on his estate aloin is estimated: at many :th(wsand;pqun&,".(; l /;:’(/: .' ,:/• ( ' The Colao/ Coal Pro'speoting Compary,' No, 3, has. got" ita' shaft doWn about 1 '26 fibt now/ and (says, the Oalae Jteformer) is working thriugh a promising seaih" of coaj slate or atone coal, whi:h is.believed tb/indi cate the presence of fine coal They hav serrioea of a practical miner of great the output ia regarded by the best iudwf"'“''W that the shares with 10a paid up havl* “fo* value. A specimen brought us on Tuesd.? 8 <5 h that kind of, coal which housekeeoL “elates,” but which unfortunately^ coal Ptecjt(!| l frequently sell, largely mixed with the However, the worst merohant never seed but slates, and if nature has Mired sti I v n °® t ! tion of true coal With them i n the mine Pf.P'W man doeo ih his sacks, there will be olenu . I "da profit for Company No. 3. J ot rooa^ —Tuesday’s ..Camperdown Chronicle says every'probability of the Ballarat market C- *“***4 ‘with cattle this week. For this there a» t _firat; the rise of £3 to £4 pet head in that' 01 ?’ 01 *; cattle last'weekj and nest, the bush fi rea £t! » ward, which have made the grass scarce fwti sentT Although this rush of cattle to m. vT have a depressing effect on prices th;» ? , ‘“‘J f general! belief is that they will rise as wet.weather seta in, and that there win 01 ? complaints on that head than we have iJj , e &*» ' ~m d «t, .Wg /Slaaell Chronicle) are sorry t 0 ~ large, number of the farmers in this dfcr l| anxious J to sell their holdings with a view i 111 [ grating to,some of the other colonies. Thev j impossible to live- on 320 acres as matters a sent, the post of labor being so dear and th • i. wheat so cheap. On Monday last one offers to sell from no less than Eve if not all of these, have money advanced m?? 1 holdings,-and the high rate of interest thev » 4 pelled tq pay is one of the heaviest hardens tti? 4 to bear. This, with other unfortunate 'continue te make (in their, estimation at IsS? toria anything but a desirable place in which to If liih their homes. oe “» . The Age says:—" It was stated on Tueadav reliable authority, that the person against police are about to proceed for bribing a ium,7 .trial of .Henry, on .the day in question wental.- the morning; to a .certain person and said toi -‘ You are on the. jury in the case of David Henre ii you would do. him a favor a £5O note is waitinT I This the juror subsequently informed the fJp associate of, and he in his turn told the togJ £' difficulty was to recognise the person, buUb.’Jr Have at last detected the offender.” The Telegraph slates that “ the officers o( ft Lands Department are making every effort tmdett direction of the Minister of Lands, to frame effafi! regulations for the suppression of the rabbit niS throughout the colony. In order to check theennJ of this pest,, Mr Longmore has decided tobral various commons in the country districts into Hod! and to throw them open for occupation under mS licenses. The licensees will be required toS fences around the blocks, and will receive tw cession (not usually allowed by this department) -reasonable valuation for the fences, leaslOpatsd for wear., and tear, provided the licensees mild reasonable efforts to destroy whatever rabbits mivts on the land.” 1 The Herald states that on Wednesday aftemxn i summons was issued to Edward Morel, bib-tea Chapel street, Prahran, calling upon him to append the City Police Court on an early day next naH answer a charge of embracery in connection within, cent, trial in which David Henry was concerned A meeting of the representatives of the vatiotub -brigades in the colony was held at the London Uraj ..on,Wednesday to discuss the questions regardingtb .place of the next demonstration, and the progma to’ be' indulged in; After some argument it n decided that Beech worth should ha the scene ol !b operations in May next, and' the proceeding! Ag be conducted on Friday, and Saturday, tbs 23rd and 24th May. The procession will take place onK day night, the evening of the first day of con;* tion. „ The question of being able to return to ii boutne,-and .'from, thence to the various phai •abode... of the members of the brigade a the following Sunday, was, of course, undedded,f being left entirely to the generosity of theGorai m'eht ’to riin Sunday trains. As the efforts ol lb brigade had always been met by the Govenunentra great cordiality on former occasions, the membaipi sent had no doubt but that trains would be hid a on the Sunday to meet the requirements of tbs a The subject’ of altering the programme for lbs tpri of the. days was being discussed when our reporter left. - r ;/ .Cavill, .the swimmer, has determined to do lb longest' distance passible in the Tam on Sibil ,-viz.', from the Johnston street Bridge to Pmai Bridge. He swam (says the Herald) two nisi Tuesday with perfect ease. His style is perfste for long-distance ’purposes, if it is not sognafcll; that of sprint swimmers.. j The petition- on behalf of William Ireland, wild was presented: some; time .ago to the Minlstadj Justice, signed by numbers of members ofPidl inent,;' and: about 150 members of the medialci| .legal professions, besides merchants and tradeog has-been drily, considered by the Government h, owing , to,I the .fact of another embracery case toe? off.ehortly, the Government consider (says tbeffed} that ifwould be unwise to give their decision till lit case is over. : : . ! : . A sad aocident occurred on the Farnham EsUbi Monday! evening, resulting in the death by droata of a fine little girl, .between six and seven jari age, the daughter, of Mr T. M. Hamilton. It iff® (aaya. the Warmambool Standard) that about fa the little girl with other children were oot b grounds in charge of their .nurse, and had gcosa the banka of the..Merri river. All at pace tbf fa girl was missed, and was seen by the nonet)* ‘ into the river and disappear. The attendant tof into the river to the rescue of her charge, fa' 'doingso,nearly lost,lier life. She failed,howeto,) aave_.the little girl, who disappeared benalts waters and did not rise again. The cries of theO brought; Assistance, but without avail. A nee? was sent to Warrnambool, where the police wmc .muhicated.with, and Sergeant Hamilton it ot»»| patched a constable to the scene of _lbo following:, afterwards with drags obtained fjOj harbour' authorities. At the time of googwri we had not learned whether the body { recovered. • • ,J The Union Fire and Marine Insurance | New Zealand notify in our advertising colonffl| they are in want of active canvassers in the w*! country districts. | .. Persons interested in swimming will hove aft tunity of a cheap trip to the Geelong* J matches . by joining St. Peter’s school sit - 1 | 25 th inst, as advertised in another column. | ' There was a fair attendance at the .tertainment on Wednesday evening, tno» being delighted with the doings of the pupp evening an entirely new programme isi save .| amongst other, auxiliary attractions will -| five scena by Mr. J. B. Browning, compos * for that gentleman hy Mr F. Fowler, "I “ I will' be mad to-night." The last three nj | the pleasing entertainment are announced. p 