NEWS OF THE DAY In the city to-day the principal theme of conversation was the capture of the gang of buebrangerB who commenced operations be tween Wagga Wagga and Gundagai. The action of the New South Wales police was commended on all sides. About six weeks sgo a miner, formerly a re sident of Sandhuist, was travelling overland from Queensland to this colony. In passing t through Wagga he noticed some persons in the bush whom he suspected to be the Kelly gan/ of bucl.rsn'gers. He took no farther notice i the matter, however, until he arrived at Bacci- worth. While camped close to the latter pita with two other travellers, who bad joined Jim on the way, they were accosted by two ren. One of them said to the miner "I /now you," and asked him if ho reooltcted him. Our digging friend, although coa'inced in bis own mind that he was speaking ri Ned Kelly, the notorious outlaw, returned a,:egative answer as he deemed it the mo it prudet course 10 adopt. After some further conversion the strangers asked the other men .'ho wire accompanying the digger if they pssessed a hoot with nails in it. To th! peculiar question an affirmative answer ws given and two boots were produced, whicb- rere h tndedj over to the strangers. The/ boots were immediately returned, with a D note in each. , The two men, who were on foo' then departed: and no more was seen of tbenr The miner ro " ferred to has since the occurroC3 been in S tnd- hurst, but has not made pulioly known the facts of the case ar stated'oove. He is con-: fident (says the Bcndigo Adertiaer) that it was Ntd Kelly whe visited thin, but lie did not know the man who was ajng with him. He1 further states that be ys acquainted with Ned Kelly when the lattr had dealings with horses in Sandhurst. 7m above details are given aB related to us, -ad must be taken for what they are worth, /though there appears to be no reason why thy should be doubted. It ia understood tilt the day of nomination for tho vacant seat -'>? Carlton will be fixed for Wednesday, 2fb November (to-morrow week), and that th polling will take place on this day fortnight- Tuesday, 2nd December, j We learn that to bon. the Chief Secretary has written to th Harbor Trust, asking to bo famished with, to reasons whloh induced that body to prefer jrrah timber to red-gum for the various works 'hioh they are about to under take. The Tr;'5 will, at Its meeting to morrow) consider the'na'ter> and determine oo the reply to be lot to the Chief Secretary's letter! It is deeira/s that the relative merits of the ' two woodsor piles in water and other similar purposes s'ould be definitely settled, and that if the Vid'rlan wood is any thing like as sound and dursle as that from Western Australia It ajioul'be used. The nriual meeting's of the oity, town boroug' And shire councils under the L'ocaj Goverment Act were held at noon to. day) Tberiwas no meeting of the Emerald Hil Couii'i owing to the recent death of the lata respited town olerk. The City of Melbourne' an/Town of Geelong do not acme under the aof., The business, which consisted of the1 a/ption of the balance-sheets, was, as a rule, da purely formal character; 1 Constable Bowen, who was shot in the neok' i the oncounter with the bushrangers between .Vogga Wajga and Gundagai yesterday, has once before showed himself, to be a brave and determined man. ' Some time sinoe he had an encounter with an armed man who .was escap-- ing" from custody, and after an exchange of firing the constable shot the prisoner dead; Tlio constable, appears to have besn ssriously .. if not mortally wounded yesterday. The San Francisco mall Bteamer arrived at Auokland. en route to Sydney, this morning. Advices from Sydney intimato that tho Vic torian cricketers are all batting in splendid form, with tho exception of Mullagh, who seeui9 to have gone clean off, and probably wilj not play. The others are all muoh admired. The bowlers of the team are also doing welt although there has been a little "sell" at tempted with Cooper,- who, since his arrival in Sydney, has done nothing bat bowl very fast, the natural consequence being that those critics who saw him were loud in tho sx- pression of a eulogistio opinion "that ho: is no good." When it domes to the real thing, however, and they see Cooper's slow dodgy Btuff, tbey may see reason to alter their opinion, It seeme very probablo that Spofforth will not play for New South Wales j and our men being in auoh fine form, hopes are enter tained of a win for Victoria, ' Tho hearing of the action Rippon v. Dennis, for malicious prosecution, was continued in the Jurhs of Six Court to-day, before Mr Justice Barry. At tho close of the onse for tho plaintiff, Sir A. Mlohle, Q.C., submitted there was no case to go to the jury, as it was not shown that there was an absence .of reasonable and probable cause on the part of the defendant for what he did. His Honor, at the conclusion of the arguments for the defendant, adjourned the court fur lunch: ) "Every care taken, but no responslbltty " is tho regular proviso where horses are taken in to the graze. It's meaning was teBted in the case of Barber v James, at the County Court to- day. Plaintiff sued to' recover £49, the alleged value of ahorse, sent to defendant's paddock at Mcrnington, but lost there from. There were six horses in I he paddock, and three got away. Plaintiff's allegation was that the fences had . been neglected and broken down, but defen dant denied this. There bad been a bush'fire about the neighbourhood, and some panels of the fence were burned. Defendant said they were adequately replaced by whntisoalledafork fence of heavy branches. Mr Quintan, for de fendant, argued that no one would take horses to graze if they became liable for their value. The defendant's announcements mentioned "no responsibility." Mr Hood, for plaintiff, urged that tho nogligence was proved by the fact if three homes escaping. Judge- -Cope stated the 'law . on . the point. Although) the grazier notified " no responsibility" tier must keep his fences right and his gates closjd. In this case he thought there had been negligence, and, therefore, fie mutt give a verdict for ' plaintiff, dam iges L30. | i iv deputation irotn cne unamoer oi viommerce waited upon tho Chief Secretary this morning, - to make certain representations to him concern ir-gthe Stamp Act,' and to suggest various alt- rations in the bill, which they considered w, uld render its operation lets oppressive upon certain occupation : and also facilitate its practical operation A/ full, report is given ehewhere. j One of those tepible incidents of social life ' whioh blot every row and then the fair page of Victorian history was brought to light this moreingin the City Court,' when a prepossessing girl ; named -Elizibeth Bradshaw yfn charged on .the.,, info'mation.. of ".her' ' fattier with' ' vagraniy. She '' ' was" sixteeh yeais of, age, ani bad ran away. from home bo less than tbreetimes, having always; been dis covered in plates of , bad! repute. Last week ehe got awa; again, ana was -yesterday arrested in i plaoe' .kept by some women ' named Georghe, on. a warrant imuetl by. her father. ' She Was then', it will scarcely be believed, dunk. . Her father, who is a well-known citizen) said ha baa tried: every means to cleck his daughter's vicious propea sities. H< had first tried -kindness, then severity. Each hod failed. In broken- ac cents) and with tears streaming down hie. face, he said tothe bench, Gentlemen, alt having fail.d, I ippeol to yon." Mr Call aaid that tbrre wai no doubt the girl- was hopelessly bad. Shi would be imprisoned for threo hours, and thai ordered t be sent to the reformatory for twel'e months. The father seemed struck by theio-ttneo, for with ttara streaming down lis cheeks he rushed to his child, and taking1 hi r in his urine, kissed her affection- auly. 'and abjured her solemnly to "be L"» d.V | '! h f -flowing cares were admitted to the Alfrei H- B i lit ill ye-terday William Elder- mii. tied 35, laborer, residing at Oourch stice, Richmond, Buffering from sprained a,. Hi ano fractured ribs, caused by slipping off t-e edge of the pavement in Church street. May Ridley, aged CO, residing at Chelten ham suffering from a fracture' of both bones of -he leg, caused by a fall. The question of a new bridge over the Merri C-elc, to connect the Shires of Coburg and Jka, which has been a matter of dispute ba- ween the two councils, for some years, was inally settled lost night by the C iburer O iuncil accepting the tender of Mr David Walah for I the erection of the bridge, and also the forma tion of approaches, for the bulk sum of £2731 9s. Quito a sensation thrilled, the spectators of the City Court this morning, when .a respect able and healthy- looking man, named Joseph Jackson, was charged with insulting be havior to Mr Kelly, J.P. The offence was clearly proved by throe witnesses and the prisoner himself pleaded guilty, Just as Mr Call, the presiding magistrate, was about to inflict a penalty on tbemnn before him, Jackson fell in a faint ti the floor. It was evident, on examination, that there was no shamming in the prostration of the prisoner., and the ease, which was of np importance, had to ba pat back. i The stalls in front of the Eastern Market are now things of the past. Yesterd >y the whole of them were Bwept away, and the last remnant of the time-hooored Paddy's Market has now vanished. The last to fall was Tom and Bill's oyster stall, but by one o'clock yes- briuuy tuui# WttO Mil £UUU UUv SO0 p03Ca, A. large gang of men is at work to- day on the pavement, and the street by to-uight will look like any other. The eye will miss for somfe time the picturesque, appearance of the row's of fruit stalls that were so handily present on a dusty day, to enable the thirsty wayfarer tp cool hie parched throat, but 'the handsome' row of shops, many of them occupied, will auiply epay the loss. ' i Much amusement'wa8 afforded in the County Court to' day during a case in Whioh a landlord was sued for alleged destruction of property while levying. Plaintiff had put in a olaim for "skins.1/ These turned out to be babies' cauls, which were missing, having ap parently been flung away in the road, as of no acoount. The plaintiff owned no less than three of theso valuable artlolee, all of which were lost. His counsel mentioned that L20 apiece was . often given for cauld, so that the value of the three might be £60. A party In the witness box seriously remarked that cauls had been specially valuable since the wreck of the Royal Chqrter, because it was reported that two or three people had been saved from it through possessing oanls. Judge Cope, gave it to be understood that the oourt ooula hardly recognise the fancy values put upon such things, i In addressing a jury in the Centra Criminal Court to-day, wbila defendlog aman charged with coining, Mr. F. L. Smyth re peated two or three times that the punish ment might bo 15 years' imprisonment. His Honor said he would not allow oouniel to speak to the jury In that way of the sentence. It was well known that not in one case in a thousand did a judge award anything like the maximum sentence, I It would appear from tho action ef An' thoness v Manting, in the County Court this morning that some publicans are In the habit of softening rum, at all events, to- the extent of about 20 per cent, with water, before banding it to the customer. Plaintiff sued to recover for 29 gallons of rum supplied. Defendant had bought the rum And taken delivery, but returned it, - minus, five gallons, which had bean exohauged for water, In explanation of this defendant stated, and repeated the statement in court this morning, that he: watered the rum to' the extent of fivj) gallons iii '29, which "It ought ;t0 'Have stood, If "'if the requisite" strength,/ but, . hq returnod it, beoause ' it was not sufficiently ovorproof in aocordance with plaintiff's assertion,:- Plalritiif refused to havo the mixture of rum and water," D jfen-- dant returned 24 gallons of rhni'and fiVe gallons of water and wanted the court to ' Credit , -him with' the rum' actually 'returned ahd" only th»t, he having sold five gallons. Judge Cope said.this'thoory would not do. Defendant had '.bought puto rmrq and must return the same. Suppose plaintaff had supplied a great- coat, which defendant was di-aati»fied with, but ' returned cut up into a little boy's suit, obviously plaintiff would refuse to take it, and so with the rum and water. Verdict for plaintiff. . The Coburg Council, at their meeting last night, decided to take a poll of the ratepayers, on Monday, the 2-lth inst., on the suujeot of railway extension to the northern suburbs, as to whether, in the opinion of the ratepayers, it ia desirable that the railway should start from tho Richmond or North Melbourne station. a poll on the subject was taken at Brunswick yesterday, when. tho North Mel bourne route received a majority of 170 votes. Tho meeting to bo held in. the Mechanics Institute to morrow evening,' to consider what steps shall be taken to seonre running of trains to and from 'Geelong Jon Sundays . formed tho . subjaot - : of conversation at the weekly prayer meeting of the ministers of the town yesterday morn- nitig, and also at the monthly meeting of the Evangelical Committee (com posed of ministers and- laymen) in the afternoon. As both meetings were |of ' a private nature we (GedonQ Advertiser) are unable to state the details of the decision arrived at, but it was decided to use all possible influence to seonre an adverse vote at the mee t- ing on Wednesday. The teetotalers, are also" requested, by advertisement, to muster etronly at the meeting, es it Is considered by some: of tho more promient members that: Sunday traveling will conduce to Sunday traffic i in in drink. \ What appears to be another case of lott'er- stealing was reported to us (Bcdlarai Coarier) yestirday. Our' informant is the writer, Robert Mills, of Grant Si rest. Baltarat. He sayR he posted a letter at theBallarat Central PoBt Office, to bis mother, who resides jat Evaneford, about three weeka ago., .. It was addressed to the care of MrReid) .stbrekea|ler : Kangaroo Flat, Talbot, and contained two LI bank-notes. Neither "money nor letter has since been heard of. I The rather startling announcement that the . cattle grazing on the common had been seized with the disease known as pleuro pneumonia was (says the Geelong Advertiser) made -at tbe meeting of tho town council last evening by the Mayor. 'It was reported that the existence of the disease was a fact, and that the Inspoot'or of Stock, Mr Riley, had given instructions for the immediate slaughtering of several cows, in order to prevent the spread of the diaotse. The mayor announced, at the same time, that cattle supposed to be affected had also been iroluted. With the object of Btamping out the disease, the mayor was appointed to assist the inspector and herdsman in taking, every necessary precaution. .j The BaUarat Star, writing on the proposed gagging of Messrs Bent and Gaunson saysif— "We quite agree that the proceedings of the members in 'question are not creditable to them selves or to the House, that it is' necessary . that business should not bo obstructed syste- < matlcaily and that it is desirable that Borne means should be found of bringing a debate to an end. But, wa cannot forgst that tbe ramonBtrances end indignation of the "Liberals "on the previous occasion were based or professed to be based, on an ardoht love of freedom, and it was urged that it was absolutely necessary that full scops should be allowed to those who were opposed to the polioy of tho majority. If we were to apply these arguments now, it would be eeen that Merers Boot and Gaunson are. simnly fulfilling the very function on which Mr Barry and his f ollowersT— assisted by Mr Giunson, bo' it remembered — prided themselves,- and we really fail to see that what was- so right for the one can be so wrong for the other. If, however, tbe swift proof of the folly of the course taken in the stonewalling but helps to make "Liberate" pee that they are apt to reason all on one side, the present episode will do some good, boaause it will be a lesion from ' their own experience, which they can scarcely refuse to apply in future." . The members of the St. George Vocal and Dramatic Club gave a grand concert lost night at their ball, for tbe benefit of Mr Poilip Watson, a musician in distressed ciroutn- stances. The hail wss crowded to excess, and tbe programme was got through vory satisfac torily. fn addition to the concert a comic opera — the Rose of Auvergne— was performed ; Mr ThomaB McCartsr singing - tbe part of Verde; Mr Snell Alphonse ; and Miss uoferre the part of Fleurette. The. -orchestra was under the directorship of Mr ABcherberg, 