THE GLASGOW BANK FAILURE. A meeting is to be held this evening at the View Point Hotel of sympathisers with the sufferers by the failure of the City of Glasgow Bank. The credit of promoting this movement is, we believe, chiefly due to the members of the Bendigo Lodge, Order of St. Andrew, S.C., who at a late meeting, voted the sum of £20 towards a local fund in aid of the unfortunate persons who have been ruined by the failure of the bank. Our readers, however, doubtless, are aware that a large and influential committee has been formed in Melbourne, of which Sir James M'Culloch is chairman, Mr. James M'Bain. M.P., and Mr. Hugh M. C. Gemmell, hon, treasurers, and Mr Andrew Lyell, M.P., and Mr. Michael Kidston, hon. secretaries. The committee has issued a circular in which it is intimated that subscriptions will be received by any member of committee, by any of the banks or their branches in Victoria, or may be paid in or remitted to the credit of the fund at the London Chartered Bank of Australia, Melbourne. At the same time the co-opera- tion of persons resident in the provinces, by the formation of local committees, is strongly invoked. The circumstances and consequences of this terrible failure have been laid by the press before the public, and a more ap- palling tale of suffering from a sudden financial crash has seldom, if ever, before been told. The central committee in their circular have selected same quotations from the home papers, which place the unhappy state of affairs in a most telling manner before those to whom the note is forwarded. It is shown that three-fourths of the shareholders, or about 950 persons, are in a humble condition, and that consequently in- tense misery has been caused in hundreds of frugal and industrious households. The Rev. Dr. Donald Macleod, in a speech at Glas- gow, pointed out that the havoc produced by the stoppage of the bank was unpre- cedented in the history of Scotland. There was a terrible proportion of cases, he said, where the loss could infer nothing but absolute, hopeless beggary, but there were a number of cases in which pecuniary help was not not required. Those requiring aid were old men and widows, maiden ladies and children, who have been rendered destitute. The Lord Provost of Edinburgh at a public meeting held there in November, said, "when we read the list of those whom we have met to assist, we find that it is not composed of men comparatively young, who have strong arms and stout hearts to make their way in the world once more, but chiefly of those, who after a hard life, have retired from its labors, and who had hoped and deserved to live the remainder of their days in immunity from active work, and who now, alas, have again to begin the struggle with the odds terribly against them. There are widows and orphans also to be cared for. They cannot work if they would, and if we do not help them they must inevitably come to poverty and destitution." The picture is a very dark one, and cannot fail to awaken a large amount of sympathy wherever it is pre- sented. We have no doubt the people of Bendigo will show it in as substantial a manner as their means will permit. The meeting this evening, which is, of course, of a preliminary character, will, it may be ex- pected, be very fully attended. The Embassy.—The hon. G. Berry and Professor Pearson, tlie members of the Reform Embassy, are probably now in England. The mails which left per the Assam are due in London to-day, aud it may be expected that the commissioners will reach the metropolis earl}' in the week. Wreck of the s.s. Kkraxoie.—The follow ing message from P. Fannin?, keeper of the lighthouse at Gabo Island, reached us through the Telegraph Office last night:—"The second mate of the s.s. Kerangie, Alex. Luster, and four men arrived here iu a boat at, 10 a.m. He reports that the lCcraugie is ashore at Cape Everard. She went ashore at 10 p.m. on Fri day night in a dense fog. She was full of water, and the rucks were through her when he left at 9 a.m. on Saturday morning." The Kerangie was a steamer of 777 tons register. She left Melbourne on Wednesday last for New castle, iu ballast, aud does,not appear to have had any p issengers on board. Bush-fires.—The bush-tires created in various parts of the colony by the extreme heat of last week continue to burn, doing more or less damage. Further particulars concerning the fatal lire at Colac will be found elsewhere. Bay that vessels find it difficult to get through the Heads either way. An excursion steamer, which left on Thursday for Geelong, could not find the entrance thereto, and was compelled to return without having reached her destination. At Ballau a destructive fire is raging, which has already destroyed all the grass laud and fencing between Gordon and Ballau for a distance of about seven miles, and despite the strenuous and persevering efforts of the residents, over a dozen farm-houses were destroyed, and the ripe crops burnt on tue ground or in the stack. Our Inglewood correspondent writes :— To-day (Saturday) the town was roused by the lirebell ringing, the alarm being occasioned by a large iire raging in the malice Scrub to the southward. Huge clouds of smoke and large sheets of flame were seen shooting up iu dan gerous proximity to some houses, but a closer inspection showed there was no immediate danger, and after the tire had almost exhausted itself, those who had turned out to render assistance retired. The Rochtnl'.r Express states that a large bush-tire has been raging in that district since Wednesday, by which Messrs. Mellon, MofFatt, and S. Seward have sustained heavy losses. The O.ickkt Match at Sydney.—The match which was commenced at Sydney on Friday between Lord Harris's team of English gentlemen cricketers and a New South Wales eleven, ended on Saturday in a most unpleasant and unsatisfactory manner. On the previous day the English team, who went in first, scored '267 runs, ami the New South Wales eleven had gained 53 runs with the loss of two wickets, Murdock and Massie being the not-out men. On Saturday Murdock, who was one of the first pair to go iu, carried his bat through the innings, making 82 runs, the New South Wales total amounting to 17" runs, or 90 behind their opponents. The colonial team followed their innings, and when .Murdock had made 9, the umpire for the English eleven pro claimed him "ran out." The decision, the actual merits of which cannot be judged from our brief telegram, appears to have excited considerable indignation amongst a section of the on- lookers, who rushed the ground, creating what is described as a " disgraceful scene," and preventing further play on the Englishmen re fusing to procure another umpire. From the wording of tile telegram, it is to be inferred that the New South Wales players themselves would have proceeded w'th the game had the crowd permitted them to do so. Possibly, how ever, the difficulty may since have been smoothed over by some means and in this event the game will, no doubt, be continued to day. Deaths at tick Hospital —The excessively hot weather of Friday and Saturday has fallen with great severity upon invalids. Amongst the inmates of the Bondigo Hospital its effects has been very marked. On Saturday three per sail? died in the institution, and one on Sunday. It is considered that in each case death was accelerated by the high temperature lately pre vailing. Tile names of the deceased persons are :—Robert Davis, aged 21, admitted 2Sth De cember, died Sth February, from pneumonia; John Harris, aged 72, admitted 25th January, died Sth February, from dysentery; Henry Boyle, aged (jo, admitted 1st, died Sth February, from congestion of the lungs; and Michael Cleary, aged 48, admitted Sth, died 9th February, of pneumonia. The Weather.—After a terribly hot and oppressive night Saturday was ushered in with a continuance of the north wind and the sun shining down fiercely. In the morning there was every appearance of the day being as try ing as any we had during the week, and although the wind shifted from north to west, the ther mometer registered 110' in the shade before midday, or 1" hotter than on Friday. A11 the morning and part of the afternoon clouds of dust were hurled along'the mreets by the high west wind . which prevailed, and the dust nuisance, added to the insufferable heat, i\iade existence almost unbearable. During the afternoon the wind shifted round to the south. But, in spite of the change of wind, there was little abatement in the heat of the atmosphere till alter sunset, when it became much cooler, and about ten o'clock was felt to be quite chilly after the extreme heat lately experienced. Yesterday a light breeze blew from the south, but the heat was very great notwithstanding. The thermometer re gistered in the shade on Saturday at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, Pall Mall, as follows: —'J a.m., S3"; noon, 10S°; 3 p.m., 9S°: 6 p.m., S4C; maximum, 110'; minimum, 72°. The barometer at 9 a.in. registered 29'300; C p.m., 2!),-500. On Sunday the thermometer regis tered "as follows:—9 a.m., SO"; noon, 100°; 3 p.m., 102°; (3 p.m., S75; maximum, 105°; mini mum, f>9'\ The barometer on Sunday regis tered as follows:—9 a.m., 29.490; 6 p.m., 29.450. Goi.d, Calls, a:;d Dividends.—The yield of gold for the week is nearly 2,000 ozs. The calls are rather heavy, amounting to £1,500, but this is owing to tile second Wednesday in the month falling in this week. Dividends amount ing to £1,1S7 10s, hare been declared. TitE Diamond Dp.ilu—Since the re-com mencement of boring operations by the Govern ment Diamond Drill at the Great Southern Company, good progress has been made, and the bore hole is now down to a dentil of 2o0 feet. So far the change of management has had satis factory results, and proves that We have plenty nf Victorian mechanics who,are quite competent to work these iiiachiues: On Tliuivday last Mr. Newman took the place of Mr. Griscom, and stalled boring operations. He found that the last 40 feet of the hole was crooked, and required what is technically called " rimmering." 'I his was done and 14 feet bored through hard sand stone seamed with quartz spurs that day, On ! Friday 19 feet was borwd through similar country : the strata Ijeiug if anything a trifle denser and harder. On Saturday the bore pro gressed 16 feet, the only change in the country being that it was more frequently intersected by quartz veins and leaders of hard well defined stone. During the three days 49 feet has been bored through. In the course of boring opera tions 23 feet of cores have been brought up. showing the country passed tiireiiifh. wi'ii.'ii has been nearly entirely sandstone, i ruinated ivit-ii quartz reins atiutervais, and an occasional streak of slate. City Police Court.—On Saturday Messrs. Kundell and Anderson, Js. P. presided m this Court. Francis Gluyas, arrested on warrant, charged with having • unlawfully a-s.utlted one T. H. Phillips en 10th August. 1S7S, was at the request of the police remanded till Monday, bail being accepted for his appearance. Mary Kate Hynes, an infant nine mouths old, was brought up as a neglected child, having been deserted by her mother, a domestic servant, last heard of in Eciiuca. The bench ordered the poor child to be sent to Abbotsford for seven years, The New Market Shf.ds; —t'lie new sheds which have beeil ereBted iii Hargreaves-srreet. alongside the market, for the accommodation of the stallholders during the time the market building may be devoted to the purposes of the Industrial Exhibition, were lighted up for the rirst time on Saturday last. The whole of the stalls Wet!e occupied, and the scene for two or three hours was a very busy ouoj whilst the illumination added considerably to the appear ance Bf the street as a biisiness thoroughfare. Petty Larceny.— An old ninn who. had. been camped for some tiniest the Orarsj;. Flat reser voir complained to the police that his tent had been robhed of a suit of clothes on Friday last. Enquiries were made, when it was found that a pair of trousers and vest answering to the de scription of the stolen goods, had been pawned. From the description given by the pawnbroker of the person who had pledged the articles, Constable Walsh succceded in arresting a man named John Lang, who, on being confronted with the pawnbroker, was identified by him. The prisoner was locked up on Saturday, and will be brought before the city bench this morn AX IMPUDENT KonnnRY.—ilie residence 01 Mr. Crabbe, solicitor. Wattle-street, was entered by an open window on Friday night, and a quantity of wearing apparel, value ! at £12, which was hanging in the hall, stolen therefrom. It appears that the windows of the house were.left open 011 account of the hut weather, and the thieves had no difficulty in obtaining admission unheard by the inmates. The property stolen comprises two silk coats, boy's ulster, mackintosh, paget coat, man's blue ulster, a plaid scarf, two drab felt hats, and a brawn silk parasol. Tiie goods oan all be identified, and the police are making inquiries. The Restrictions against Cutting Young Timber.—A public meeting has been convened by Mr. H.-Trumble, Mayor of Eaglehawk, to be held in the Town Hall 011 Thursday next, for the purpose of considering the advisability of altering the proclamation which prohibits the cutting or remoring lire timber of less than 12 inches diameter on Crown lands. Eaglehawk Police Court. —Mr. Webster, P.M., presided at this court on Saturday. The charge against Thos. Allen of threatening lan guage, preferred by the borough inspector, Mr. Shepherd, was withdrawn, 011 the defendant promising not to offend again. Two brotheis named Crameri and a man named Wm. ■Jno. Wearne were lined as. each,.with 2i. 01. costs, for cutting timber 011 Crown lands less than 12 inches in diameter, Robert Webster appeared to answer to a charge of threatening the life of his wife, but as the latter did not wish to press the charge, he was dismissed, on his promising to behave better in tile future. Verdicts were given in the following debt cases —Rees r. Saunders, £9 10s., 5s. costs; same v. Wm. Brown, £1 2s., 5s. costs. In the affilia tion case, Mary S. Dithmar v. Alfred Walton, a further extension of time was granted. Orders for the amounts in several rate eases, with costs, principally against mining companies, were recorded. Bendigo Benevolent Asylum.—The com mittee of the above met at the usual hour on Friday, 7 th February. Preseut:—Mr. W. applicants were relieved by orders uuon stores and 25 in kind from the institute in addition to those already 011 the books; aid in S case? was stayed, 2 adults were admitte-l, and 2 applicants were forwarded to Castleniaine at their own request. Out-door: Families, etc., relieved during the week, 19D. State ot the house—Adults, 117; children, 115; total. 232. The "Victorian Pcblishers' Circular." —We have received the Christmas number of the " Publishers'Circular," of which a special Victorian, edition is now regularly issued by Mr. M. L. Butch nson, of the Glasgow book warehouse, Collins-street west. The number is even more than usually interesting, ami as it anpears at a season when pictorial work? of all shapes and sizes arc in the ascendant, the specimen illustrations given in the " Circular " are very numerous, and, taken as a whole, they form a most interesting collection of the best modern specimens of the wood-engraver's arc. Fractured Thigh.—An elderly man named John Jones, aged 61, while wheeling a barrow on Saturday, tripped and fell, fracturing the bone of his thigh at the hip joint. He was taken to the Bendigo Hospital yesterday for treatment, but it is feared from his advanced age that his recovery will be slow. Kew Insolvent.—Samuel Gilmore, of Kay wood, selector. Liabilities, £114 Ss. 3d.; assets, £7; deficiency, £107 Ss 3.1. Causes—Pres sure of a creditor, failure of crops, ami loss of a large sum of money. Attorney, Mr. Wrixon; assigneej Mr. Hasker. Meeting under section 53, Wednesday, 19th February, 1879. Royal Princess' Theatre.—On Saturday evening " Rip Van Winkle " was performed at this theatre, to a tolerably well-tilled hov.se. Mr. Herndon sustained the part.o'f Rip Van Winkle, and gave a most pleasing and clear ren dering of it-. Though there was an unevenness about his acting in the first act, this was alto gether absent in the last. As Winkle awaken ing from his profound slumber of 20 years, Mr. Herudon acted with a naturalness and power that could not fail to find unqualified apprecia tion withtheaudienee; there was only oHe feature in the representation which could have been improved upon, and that was a more correct rendering of the Dutch " brogue " peculiar to the character; with this requisite attained the study would be a most successful one, and de serving of high praise. Mr. Wallace's Derrick was a very even and meritorious performance, and the Gretschen of Mrs. llerndun left nothing more to be desired. The other characters in the drama were equally well sustained, and alto gether the last performance of the company was quite as enjoyable as any given during the short season that was brought to a close on Saturday evening. Donations.—The lion, treasurer of the Benevolent Asylum (Mr. M. Tolmie, National Bank), with thanks, acknowledge receipt, of the undermentioned stun-i in aiil of the insti tute:—Bequest of the late Mr. John Wybrants as an endowment, per Mr. Maurice Moran, £300; Sandhurst City Council, £150; Golden Square Cricket Club, ISs. 9d., per Mr. Saunders. Cnr of Glasgow Bank.—This evening a meeting will be held in the View Point Hotel, at eight o'clock, of sympathisers with the suf ferers by the failure of the City of Glasgow Bank. Edwards, the Long-distance Walker.— In consequence of the continuance of the ex cessively hot weather, Mr. Edwards lias deter mined to postpone giving an exhibition in this city of his powers as a pedestrian until the weather becomes a little cooler. He contem plates re-visiting Sandhurst in about six weeks time, when he will undertake to perform the feat of walking 110 miles in 24 hours. Rdnnymede Jockey Club.—The annual meeting of the above club takes places on Wed nesday, 12th instant, and promises to be a great success. The entries for the principal handicaps are very good, and the weights, which were published last week, appear lo have given satis faction, and it is expected nearly all the horses entered will accept. To-night the general entries and acceptances are t-o be made at Scott's Railway Hotel, Elmore. The Selling Hack Race is a post entry event, and the weights for the Elmore Stakes will be declared after the District Plate has been run for. State of Her Majesty's Gaol.—The follow ing is the weekly state of Her Majesty's Gaol, Sandhurst, for the week ending 8th February, 1879:—Last return, 62 males; 22 females. Since received, 12 males; 5 females; total, 7-1 males, 27 females. Since discharged, 7 males, 3 females. Total now in, (i7 males; 24 females. Classified as follows:—Trial, 6 male3; 0 female. Remanded, 2 males; Q female. Default of lines, etc., 6 males, 6 females. Default of sureties. 4 males, 1 female. Imprisonment, 13 males, 3 females. Hard labor, 36 males, 14 females. Bkxdigo Hospital.—Report for the week ending Sth February, 1S79—Patients in hospi tal, 1st February, 134; admitted during the week, 37; discharged, 20; died, 2; remaining in the hospital, 149. Mr. Abbott, a member of the visiting committee, attended on 4th instant, and considered 19 applications for out- door re lief, all of which were granted. Total number of out-patients for the week, 109, Mining Accident.—An accident happened to Mr. .fames Bassett, the raining manager of the Kin« of Prussia Company, on Friday even ing, which might have proved very serious. It appears that lie and one of the miners went down the old south shaft, for the purpose of examining the old workings, which are being connected by the new shaft. They arrived at the bottom of tile shaft all right, but- finding tlicy criuM not j» they returned up the old one, n'f.d sbc>nfc 20 feet from the bottom it appears that there was a length of ladder lashed with rope, and when near the top, it gave way, and both tell to the Ij.itt un. Mr. Basset: came in contact with a pKoo of timber, giving him a nasty cut on one of his legs. He was immediately taken home, and 1V (.'hev:ie sent for, who dressed anil stitched the u' uiinL Mr. lib'sett is now progressing very well. Presentation.—Yesterday afternoon at St. Mary's Church, Golden-square. the Rev. Mr. May presented, on behalf of the teachers and scholars of the Sunday school, Mr. F. Tayler with a handsomely bound and illustrated family Bible a? . a mark of appreciation and a gift o; remembrance «.f his connection with St. Mary's ■Sunday School, of winch Mr. Tavler has been superintendent for a number of years. The uift was suitably inscribed, and was acknowledged by Mr. Tayler in a few feelingly expressed words. Anniversary Services. — Yesterday three anniversary sermons were, preached " in tin Goicicn ^uare Wesleyan Church, in the morn ing and evening by tuo ,^ev- T. James, of Melbourne, and in the afternoon at 0 cioek by the Rev \Y. H. Fitchctt, B.A. The lost in the morning was -ith verse, 27th I'salm. "One tiling have I desired of the Lord, that will I seek after, that I may dwell in the iioiisd of the Lord all the days of my life, t-> behold the beauty of the Lord, and to en quire in his temple." The lie v. Mr. •lames preached a second sermon in the evening, taking his text from Acts,- 2(3 chapter, 16th to 19th verse3. The ser vices were largely attended, and the eloquence of the preacher listened to with close attention. This evening a ter. and public mectins will be heldj the tea will bo provided by the"ladies of ilie congregation in the schoolroom', and the public meeting is to be held in the church, com meuciuK at eight tf'nloch;.. The -Pevs. T. Jame=, S. Wilfiams (president of the \^Vsleyzn , Con ference), W. H. Fitchett, .and other .gentlemen will deliver addresses. Selections of music are to he rendered by the church choir during the evening. sasdhuhst tjXiiiRiriov. — l his evening at hair-past seven o'clock a meeting of the exhi bition ommittec will be held. The West Bochke Election-.— Mr. J. T. T. Smith having declined to stand as the Govern ment candidate for t'ne seat for West.Bourke, rendered vacant by tiie death of his father, the Ministry (according to the Ari/it*) then deter mined to leave the selection of a candidate to the Reform League, and a strong meeting of that body on Friday evening resulted in its de clining to make a choice, hut referring the ques ti»u to the local branches. The choice of the looal leagues is said to be a barrister named Alfred Deakin, who gives his address as Temple Court. Mr. Deakin has issued an address as a Ministerial candidate. Mr. T. Healey will sub mit his claims to the constituency as an in dependent candidate with Ministerial lean ings. Mr. T. Kelly has been already an nounced as a candidate. The list of candi dates who oppose the Government remains unaltered, but a meeting of the town mem bers of the Opposition was held on Friday, Mr. Service in the chair, when it was resolved to make an effort to restrict tiie number, so that there may be a fair contest between the two partieSj and arrangements Were made accord ingly. Mr. 11. tiariier, who opposes the Ministry, addressed a Crowded meeting at Flemington, and carried his audience with him, securing a vote of confidence by an overwhelm ing majority. Mr. Staughton, also a Ministerial opponent, is making an active personal canvass. Mr. P. Kelly and Mr. T. Little are announced as candidates, both favoring the Ministry. Sei.lxtixi.: a Candidate.—An eventful meet ing of the. Reform League was heH in the Trades hall on Friday evening. The hou. F. Longmore was in the chair, and there was a large atten dance. The business (the Aryu* says) was the consideration of the West Botirke election. A deputation from Bacchus Marsh proposed Mr. Alfred Deakin as a candidate on the recommendation of Mr. Syme, of the A Thereupon Messrs. Stutt, Walsh, Fisher, and Yeomaus raised a howl of indigna tion at the impudence of the people who dared to pass over the council of the league. Mr. Mirams wanted to know who this Deakin was, and it was alleged in reply that Mr. Deakin is a briefless barrister, who occasionally writes newspaper articles. Mr. Mirams then arose in wrath, anil bursting with indignation, submitted a strong resolution in .cr.n.l»unu^.t:nn of, .the* Irom H est Bourke. He was warmly supported by Messrs. Fisher, Stutr, and Knaggs, and as fiercely opposed by Messrs. levers, "M'Burnic, and Nixon. At this point, when the total col lapse of the league was imminent, the Hon. J. B. Patterson called attention to the dancer to the Ministry of losing the West Bourke~seat, and in his most pathetic t^nes pleaded for peace. Mr. Mirams' motion was rejected, and one in favor of leaviug the matter to the local leagues was carried, so that it is presumed that Mr. Deakiu will be the Government candidate. The council broke up in confusion. But for the presence of Mr. Patterson the evening «ronld have been disastrous for the league, but that gentleman managed to reconcile the discordant elements. He was reen rushing down the street when the meeting was over, trying to pacifv the leading leaguers, who debated the matter in such high tones as to disturb the peace of that part of tiie city. Mr. Vale had friends at work, who were endeavoring to secure his nomination, but the Ministerial inlluence went agaiust this gentleman and ousted him. The Railway Collision* at Haiuoukt.— In reference to the railway collision which oc curred at Harcourt between two goods trains last week thetraffic manager reports :—"The 10.4 down goods train was doing some shunting at the Harcourt station, wiien the 4 20 up train ran past the signal and came into collision with the down train, throwing the engine and a couple of trucks off the rails, causing there by a delay of over an hour to the 7--0 passenger train. The dam-ige done to the loading is very slight, the trucks having been loaded with sleepers ami general merchandise. Some damage was done, however, to the rolling stock. No official investigation has as yet taken place." With reference to the collision, the-V. A. Jfail states that several of the employes were on Friday suspended, pending an inquiry. Amateur CKICK.ETEHS.—At a meeting of the Victorian Cricketing Association on Thursday evening, it was resolved, "That the Secretary be instructed to write to the representatives of Australia who took part in the match played on the M.C.C. ground with Lillywhite's team, re questing information as to the amount .of remuneration they received for such services" ; " That no amateur ought to make a profit by his services in tiie CTioket field, and that, for the future, any cricketer who takes more than his expenses in any match shall not h« qualiried to play in any match under the auspices of the association as an amateur; but that if any cricketer feck a difficulty iu joining iu the match without pecuniar}' assistance, he shall not be de barred from playing as an amateur by having his expenses (including actual loss through his salary or wages being stopped) defrayed. The Kelly Gam;.—The following telegram, dated Beech worth, Saturday, appears in the Iler/il/l:—The men charged with aiding the Kelly gang were again brought before the police court to day, when Mr. Wvatt. P.M. presided, and Superintendent Furnell appeared for the Crown. The prisoner Thomas Lloyd was 15rat brought up, and -Superintendent Furnell then applied for a still further remand. Messrs. Bowman and Zincke, who appeared for the defence, objected, and repeated previous argu ments. A lively scene resulted between counsel for the defence and the bench, very warm words being used on both sides. Kventually all fourteen prisoners .were further remanded until Saturday next. Matiu.mo.vial Infelicity.—Owen Ahearn, a respecta,ble-look>iig man, was charged at thu Melbourne Court on Friday with deserting his wife, and the story of the latter showed that the pair, who had been married in )8o5, led a very unhappy life. The wife stated that her husband had not contributed to her support for eighteen months. The husband said that he bad offered to take his wife to Sandhurst with him, but she refused. He had then offered to take her to Sydney, but again she refused. According to the statement of the defendant, be was possessed of considerable property, and the bench ordered him to find two sureties of £20 each that he would pay 5s, per week for the support of ins wife.—Age. Rabbit Destruction-.—Mr. J. Brayley, of Ulooloo, a correspondent of the South A uslraliaii Advertiser, furnishes the following information as to a plan of rabbit destruction adopted • by some farmers in the HaUetl district:—" They (the farmers) nave got about 2,000 yards of wire netting. This is put up against the fence on two aides of the paddock, and in the corner a yard is made 20 yards square, and the rabbits driven into this yard, and killed in numbers that will astonish some of the Adelaideites, who are hard to persuade that the rabbits are jo numerous. I will give you the result of six days' work, the number yarded and killed each day. First day, S35 off 160 acres ; second day, 000 off the same land ; third day, 741 off 100 acres; fourth day, 8<)0 off 100 acres ; tilth day, 1,535 off 200, and 100 acres of this Government land ; sixth day, 619 off 100 acres. The total number killed in six days. 5,371." A Minneapolis eat has achieved a kitten with five heads, r.ud we can imagine how sweet it will be when the cut attains its majority, to have it sit on the back of a fence and commune with it I self, 