A FINE FORTUNE. BY J. C. F. JOHNSON, Author of "On the Wallaby," "Over the Island," " Christmas on Carringa," &c.;" CHAPTER I. INTRODUCES THE MAN AND THE HOUR. " Loke who that is most vertuous alway. Prive and apert, and most entendeth ay To do the gentil dedes that he can, And take him for the gretest gentleman." CHAUCER. " He had a face like a benediction." Don QUIXOTE. A scorching Australian summer's day, with scarce a breath of air to stir the drooping gumtree. leaves, made yet more pendulous by the intense heat. A day so hot that the very cicadas —those creatures of the sun—found the exertion of sounding their shrill metallic call too great, and merely gave a low " y—r—r—ang" at intervals, to tell their brethren the crickets that they would be ready to continue the interrupted concert when the evening approached. The bird had long since given the case up in despair, and bad retired to the most shady spots, near the creeks and waterholes, where the whilom merry songsters sat inert and motionless, with gaping bills and trailing wings, in mute protest at the dreadful heat. Even the pugnacious minahs, those forest Ishmaels, had concluded an armistice with their hereditary enemies, the crows and both, sat drooping and panting on the same bough. With the exception of here and there a graceful native cherry, its delicate pale green standing out brightly against the dusky eucalyptus foliage, there was no green thing to relieve the unbroken monotony of sombre tints. An occasional whisper and movement amongst the highest tree-tops told of the passage of a breath of air, but it was nothing but the small offshoot of some sirocco from the glaring stony deserts of the far interior that had lost its way, and, seduced by the intense warmth, had unwittingly wandered so far south. Even the usual clear blue of the Australian sky, which is a relief in colour at least, from the surrounding warm tints, was denied ; for distant bush-fires, the inevitable accompaniment of Australian summers, had spread a pall of smoke overhead, causing the sun to glow like a huge burnished copper disc, and the blue sky to appear a hazy reddish dome, through which the, sun's rays struck hotly and more unpleasantly than from a clear expanse. A narrow dusty track, worn into deep ruts and intercepted by stumps and sprawling roots, winds hither and thither amongst the timber. Formed by the bullock teams of the pioneers, which, moving patiently onward, bore down smaller obstacles, but avoided such as were beyond their strength, the bush road, though, it usually takes a very eccentric course, yet trends surely if deviously in the proper direction. Travellers in Australia, especially such as penetrated the country in the days when Road Boards and Shire and District Councils were unknown and undreamed of, will carry in their memories pictures of many such a road running for miles through the white-pillared aisles of some dusky-foliaged forest; sweeping in long sandy reaches through leagues of mallee scrub, that stood like banks on either side, climbing precipitous rock-reared ranges, zigzagging through boulder-strewn gullies in the beds of summer-dried mountain torrents, or trailing into the far distance like a brown snake through the rich greenery of some seeming boundless alluvial plain, with its scattered blackwoods or belts of quandong, dogwood, and black oak. Dear, picturesque, uncomfortable, crooked old bush reads, we see you now but seldom—never, indeed, unless we go very far afield. You have given place to long straight lines of bright steel rails or smooth macadam, and where the mild eyed bullocks with their musical bells once plodded so slowly and patiently, the railway train with its shrieking iron steed now goes careering over the erstwhile unbroken solitudes. Yet some of us cannot refrain from asking, with Mrs. Browning— " When we drive forth in our chariot's majestical white horses, Are we wiser than the first men who took black ones by the mane ?" Ah, well, we can't have both the seed and the flower. 'Tis said only romancers need complain that the pleasant old easy-going times—the days of dolce far niente and bullock-drays—have given place to the age of progress and rapid transit. Some say, " The world wags all the better; let us laugh, we of to-day." Perhaps it does; yet there be many who regret the departure of the dear old days when for them life was fraught with such glorious possibilities in the new land of the South. But all this long preamble brings us very slowly to our story. On this broiling January day a little ricketty spring-cart, with a tattered and patched tilt that had once been white, came crawling slowly through the sweltering heat, appearing and disappearing as it swayed in the dust-filled ruts— between the tall boles of the boxgum forest. The occupant of the vehicle, which was evidently a Lawker's cart, sat on the front part, with his body bent forward and bis feet resting on the footboard, giving vent to his thoughts in an audible but dreamy tone: a not unusual habit with men who live much in solitude. He was dressed in a rough serge shirt, worn loosely as a coat, and moleskin trousers stuffed into tall boots, while his head was crowned by a flapping felt hat neither new nor beautiful. He was a tall powerful-looking man, who evidently bore his age well, for he was still robust in body, though his hair and bushy eyebrows were perfectly white. This was "John Jepster, hawker," for so tin plate on the side of the cart informed passers by. Although thus so roughly attired, Jack Jepster, or, as he was more commonly called by his bush customers, "Calico Jack" (on account of his employment as a dealer in that fabric), was not a man who would be passed, even in a crowd, without at least a second glance. His face was the great attraction. The head was large and well set. The cleanly-shaven cheeks were but little browned by the weather, and his complexion was fresh and almost florid. The brow was broad and square, the nose big and by no means classical in contour, and the mouth large and firm, but yet capable of great tenderness of expression. The eyes, however, were the principal charm. They were widely set, very full and luminous, of that clear grey colour that most successfully resists the attacks of time and climate. Eyes which it did one good to look into, reflecting as they did both tenderness and truth. And though the man's face showed lines of trouble or of sorrow, the calm smiling eyes told plainly of a heart void of offence 'towards all mankind, and irresistibly inspired every one who looked at them with a feeling of respect and trust, if not of positive affection for their owner. Wherever he went Jack Jepster was a general favourite with old and young alike. Few men and no women could long resist the influence of his pleasant smile and genial manner. Children, from the precocious young ." gumsucker"—as old at fourteen as his father was at four-and-twenty, and who indeed would have indignantly denied the imputation of being a child in any sense of the word—to tiny toddlers whose only language was the universal language of babyhood, ay, even to infants in arms—all took at first sight to the big kindly-eyed man. It is most true that children and dumb creatures, impelled by an unerring instinct that no books can teach, trust without reserve the men and women, and those only, who really love them. That this is indeed the case those whose high privilege and pleasure it is ever to gain the love of God's most lovable and helpless beings can attest. It was a touching picture of manhood and childhood to see the old hawker take a baby from its mother's arms and handle it as tenderly as the most skilful nurse: a not very common or easily-acquired accomplishment let me tell you. Animals of all kinds fraternized with Jack at once. Cats, those ultra-Conservatives of the brute creation, arched their backs and purred with pleasure at his slightest advance, and hunted or beaten dogs considered themselves in strictest sanctuary if they could get close to Jack, and were only at times brought to a sense of their error by his jealous half-bred collie Racket, when they were unwise enough to take shelter under the cart. Calico Jack had been known in the pastoral districts north of Melbourne for some ten years before the time when our story opens—say the year of our Lord 1847. He had made his appearance one day among the scattered stations with his rat-tailed old roan mare and the little hawker's cart. He was very reticent about his past, and consequently was generally believed to have been a convict, while his silence as to his antecedents was supposed to indicate that the crime for which he had been expatriated was one of greater gravity than usual—a supposition, however, which was not held to be in the least degree incompatible with his present good character. Society in the colonies was not at that time very exigeant in such matters. A considerable proportion of the colonists were persons who had landed as convicts. Many men even then deservedly held in high estimation for integrity and hard-earned wealth were " expirees," whilst in the country districts the stock-riders, shepherds, hut-keepers, and cooks were almost to a man ex-convicts or ticket-of-leave men. Many of these men led comparatively blameless lives, and were honest, industrious, and temperate, except for the occasional " spree," when a considerable sum bad been accumulated for wages. The great wonder is that under a system of management so cruel and arbitrary—a system which tended directly to destroy the humanity in men's breasts and reduce them to the level of brutes—so many of the old convicts became reformed men when the opportunity was offered them. The lesson to be deduced—a lesson by all of us too readily overlooked—is that there is none so degraded but whose soul yet retains at least a spark of the original manhood which was made in " His own image." As has been said in the old colonial days, people did not deem it very necessary to enquire into the particulars of a man's past life if his present mode of living was satisfactory; yet with a great number of old Jack's customers it was felt to be a sore point that he should exhibit what was certainly a very unusual reserve as to his past life. But the old man throve, or was thought to thrive, though he never seemed to be any richer. Yet from the amount of business which he did there could be very little doubt that he was making money. These were days, be it remembered, when country stores were almost unknown, and when hawkers were rare visitors at the scattered homesteads of the great sheep and cattle breeders. So Calico Jack pursued the even tenor of his way, bandied jokes with and retailed news to the men and women, made himself beloved of all the children, and became the most popular man within a large radius of the thinly populated pastoral district so soon to become the busy centre of industry, where thousands of human ants would dig their barrows into the golden-wombed earth. CHAPTER II. FINDINGS KEEPINGS. WHAT CALICO JACK FOUND. " Fortune brings in some boats that are "not steered. Cymbeline, Act IV. Scene 3. In my young days there was a clause in the unwritten code of rules which regulate schoolboy life out of school—laws that to the juvenile mind are as inflexible as those of the so-often quoted Medes and Persians—which laid it down that he who, when alone, found some boyish treasure, acquired an inalienable title thereunto so soon as he had repeated the cabalistic couplet:— " Findings keepings; Losings seekings." Should he, however, be in company with another, the formula to be observed, under such circumstances, was to cry out distinctly " All my own—Fain halves"— before his companion had time to establish a claim to partnership in the treasure-trove by calling— " Halves!!" O grave and reverend seignor, to whom the memory of boyhood's merry days has become like the scattered, waking recollections of a pleasant dream—when the refrain of this or some other such like rhyme rings in your ears in the clear treble of childhood—do you never recall, with an inward smile of pleasure at the recollection, the thrill of joy which you felt in thus establishing an unassailable claim to some extraordinary article of boyish property, prized often in proportion to its uselessness—a brass bed- knob, a rusty door-key, a pegless top, ay, or even a " Tom Sawyer's tooth with a string to it Does not this retrospect of the heyday of life cause the blood to course quicker through your veins for a few seconds, until the tired old heart that has worked so constantly through the long weary years admonishes you that its day of ecstatic wild throbbing has long gene by ? Jack Jepster was one of those men who apparently never glow old in spirit, even when to them has come the time that the Israelitish poet tells of " When the almond- tree shall blossom, and them that look out of the windows grow dim." His smile was as bright and, cheery, and his spirits as light as those of"a twelve-year- old boy. And now in the hot sleepy summer day, as his peripatetic house and home swayed slowly over the ruts and through the surrounding cloud of dust raised by the feet of the old grey mare, he sang and talked to himself with a happy abandon that any world-weary man of his years must have envied. " What's it again ? Findings keepings. Ay, thats it, bindings keepings. Let me see; how does it run ? Ay! I've nicked it now— Findings keepings; Losings seekings," and he sang the old couplet over again with the peculiar intonation which children always give to their rhymes— " Findings keeepings: Losings seekings," She said I'd find my fortune on the other side of the world some sunny New Year's Day ; she did. Lor! how it all comes back to me like a dream. The bright sunshiny April morning with a cloud-dappled sky overhead, and a brisk breeze that skirted over the downs with a suspicion of rain from the sea, and the white sooths and the flags, and fiddles going, and the crowds of happy people. The farmers on their rough round cobs, or with their families in. the roomy open carts, and their men in clean white smocks and Sunday corduroys turned half up the leg over the heavy highlow boots. The young folks sweethearting and enjoying themselves, the young fellows laying out their carefully hoarded shillings in ribbons for their girls, or having three throws a penny at old Aunt Sally for a pint o' nuts. Me a little bit of a chap sitting next to father in the big brown gig, and Turk the old grey farm horse, and "Confound you, Nettle, you cantankerous old cow, you. Ah ha! that touches you and hurts your feelings, does it ? Well, why do you ®6t to taking advantage of me and crawling so that a native bear 'ud be ashamed of you. Get up then Let's see, where was I ? Oh, out on the Kentish Downs at the Wye Races, with father in the big gig and the old gipsy a telling the fortune o' the pretty little gentleman whose father had crossed her hand with silver. " Hey, I've been a gay time on the other side o' the world, and seen many New Year's Days oo«e and go, and Lord knows, most of 'ems been sunny enough; but if I've found any for- tune at all it's only been bad fortune. This is another New Year's Day; maybe I'll find it today. Plenty of time yet ts live and enjoy it. I'm only turned fifty-six last November; why, I'd Oh, Nettle, Nettle, you ungrateful beast; what d'ye mean by such conduct ? Do you know it's five o'clock, and we've got to reach Willandoula before sundown." Here Jack makes a furious flourish with a very dilapidated and harmless-looking whip, to which demonstration the old roan mare gives a lazy flap with her mule-like ears, and a contemptuous flirt with her short, almost hairless tail, takes three quick shuffling steps, and subsides again into her former crawl, whilst the little rickety cat with its tittered tilt jolts slowly along the rough bush track. Eleven miles to "Willaudoula. Hey! get up, yon, Kettle. Gues3 I suui/t find my iort-ine this afternoon." " If I consent to be your wife, Say how will you provide for uie ? Oh, I can reap and I can mow. T can plough and I can sow. Singing—bumble dum dairy, Cumble dum dairy, Dumble dum dairy, Dumble dum day ; If you'll consent to marry me now" ' You needn't go so darned quiet, Nettle, even if you do want to listen. Don't stop out of compliment to me, I beg. If you were to rattle along a little faster it wouldn't interrupt the hai rnony. I could look out for my fortune too, even if we were travelling a bit faster. Hillo! what's that? I'm blest if those little blackbirds don't- cry mightily like a child. '•" As I walked out one summer's day, To view the country round, I saw " The dog under the cart gave two or three sharp yelps and then a howl, as the wail was repeated. " Good Lord! it was a child; and there's a woman too. Phew! this is a find. What on earth's the woman doing here ?" Jack jumped nimbly from his cart and went towards a big gumtree, in the blackened hollow of which lay the form of a woman clasping a weeping child in her arms. In the tree overhead sat a number of crows, that had doubtless, as is their custom, followed the footsteps of the dying woman, and were now waiting until the child became perfectly still before descending for their horrid feast. Many a perishing wanderer in the dreary Australian wilds has had his last moments made more terrible by the harsh calls of those crafty cruel birds. I'll spoil your game this time, my beauties," said Jack wrathfuDy, as he bent over the recumbent figure, and tenderly raised the child, which at intervals gave a fitful cry. The woman was past succour. She was quite dead, and her head fell backward as he moved her, and tried to support her in a sitting posture. A water-canteen lay beside her, emptied to the last drop. The poor baby, a boy of about eighteen months old, was in the last stage of exhaustion. The little face was sadly pinched and drawn, and the eyes were "dim and glazed. Jack quickly got a bottle of brandy from the cart and made a weak mixture of the spirit with water, sips of which he gently forced between the closed teeth of the child, who had ceased to wail, and lay passively in his strong arms. " Well, by jingo! I have done it properly this time," said Jack. " Poor little chap.' Poof little chap! You are a pretty fine fortune for a man to find some New Year's Day. Well, now what's to be done ? Here's a bad state of things sure enough. A dead woman and a live child both on my hands at once. What is to be done now I should just like to know 'i I can't very well take the body. Well, I'll take the little 'un on to Willandoula and get him attended to by the women folks. I suppose there's got to be an inquest, but that's Captain Foringham's business, n^t mine. Let's see, there's Crosscut Dick's shanty about a couple of miles or so from here, but it's off the track, and Fll have enough to do to reach the statien before dark. He's a blackhearted rascal aDyhow. It would be no use to Bay anything to him about the matter." And what would yon do, Henry," asked a rather vain lady of her nephew, who'had been assuring her of his unbounded affection for her, " if your good aunt were to die, and your uncle were to marry again ?" " Why," replied Henry, without the slightest hesitation. " I should go to the wedding of course." 