TERRIBLE BUSH FIRE. FIVE LIVES LOST. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) COLAC, FRIDAY. A terrible bushfire broke out yesterday about eight miles south of Colac, and swept down with treat rapidity upon the township. A large number of small selectors inhabiting the borders of the forest have been burnt out, and the fire is still raging, after 21 hours of ineffectual attempts to subdue it. A family named Turnbull, consisting of father mother, and five children, were suddenly surrounded by the flames while upon land belonging to Mr Standley, who was with them. The whole party made for the dam. Mr. Standley carried one of the Turnbulls' children, leading another. They had to go through burning grass and among blazing trees to get to the water, and as they neared it a tree fell and killed one of the children on the spot. Mr. Standley was severely burnt, but it is hoped he will recover. Mr. Turn- bull is so dangerously and dreadfully burnt that little hope of his recovery is entertained. He sustained a frightful scalp wound also from the tree that killed the child, a boy of 12 years. Mrs. Turnbull, the mother of the family was burnt to death and another of her children with her. A third child was rescued alive, but died soon afterwards, and a fourth is severely burnt. The infant child was also found dead in the forest, making five persons killed in all, besides two who are not expected to recover, and two more whose injuries are severe. Colac is now surrounded by thick smoke, and bush fires are visible in every direction. All the country is on fire between Johnson's Coast Track Sawmills and the border of the Colac township common The immense fires in the forest at Irrewillipe, which endangered Sir Samuel Wilson's Corangamite Station, and burnt out several selectora last week, are still blazing, and any change of wind will infallibly bring them among the thickly selected land. The small selectors on the Colac town common and on the borders of the forest are in very great danger. LATER PARTICULARS. The fourth of the Turnbulls' children, a girl, died at a late hour last night, and the father, and the only remaining child, a girl of eight years old, are not expected to live through the remainder of the day. Mr. Whitchell Standley, in whose paddock the fire is believed to have begun, is going on well. He had recently gone to live on a heavily tim- bered selection of 320 acres at Irrewillipe, about six miles from Colac, and had built a house about 300 yards from his fence. His land adjoins a paddock belonging to Mr. Andrew Murray, of Woolwool, know as the fatten-- ing paddock, and it is not quite certain whether the fire broke out on the land of Mr. Standley or of Mr Murray. Mr Standley was taking a bath in his house when he heard the alarm of fire, and he started at once with the Turnbulls to try and extinguish it. The Turnbulls' family had only come out to live in the house on the preceding Tuesday, and Mr. Standley had been living in a tent in the paddock. The first thing they did was to roll up the tent and place it and all mov- ables in the house which did not appear to be in danger. While they were thus occu- pied a fresh body of fire swept down on them, completely hemming them in. They started to run for the dam which is situated about 300 yards from the house. Mr. Stanley took two children and Mr. Turnbull two. Mrs. Turnbull appears in her fright to have run the other way. The bodies when found were fearfully disfigured and charred. There are, indeed, very few remains of two of them. The house was entirely destroyed. The scrub and timber are still burning. The straw hat of the eldest boy was found on the grass quite uninjured 50 yards from the spot where he fell. An inquest will be held to- morrow by Mr. Heron, P.M. The bodies are now being brought in. Great fires are burning in the forest near Murroon, and all the way along the Loutitt Bay track. It is now, at 1 o'clock p.m., quite dark in Colac by reason of the clouds of smoke in all directions. LATEST PARTICULARS. The names of the deceased are Mary Turn- bull, aged 30 years, John Miller, aged 10 years, and William Miller, aged 7 years, sons of Mrs. Turnbull by her first husband; also Charles Turnbull, aged one year and eight months, and Annie Turnbull, aged five months. The fire seems to have broken out at 2 o'clock, and the sufferers were not found until 4. The father, Andrew Turnbull, lies in a hopeless condition at the house of his father-in-law, Mr. Doyle, at Irre- warra. He was unconscious when found and has been delirious ever since. He had taken charge of three of the children —Ellen Miller, Charles Turnbull, and Annie Tur- bull —all of whom were alive when found, Annie, the youngest infant died as she was moved, and her body was received into the house of a neighbour named Croagh. Charles was brought with his father to the house of Mr. Doyle, where he soon after expired, and Ellen was taken to Mr. Darling's, where she lies in a most dangeroua state. Mr. Standley will not be able to be present at the inquest. He is dangerously ill. The others, Mr. Turnbull and Ellen Miller, are also in a desperate condition. 