NEWS OF THE DAY. Up to the timo The Herald went to press, the returned writ for tho West Bourke eleo- tion had not been posted up. The Speaker was not in town, but Mr Barker, on receipt of the writ, at once despatched it to him. The action to he taken in the matter will entirely depend on the endorsement made on the writ. It is difficult to believe that Mr Shuter, will withhold from the Speaker the material fact that owing to want of ballot papers the poll at Newham was not com- pleted. To omit MiU fact would bo to sup- press the truth, and it is not credible that any man in Mr Shuter's position would have so far lost his self-respeet as to do this. It is now almost certain that our new Gover nor cannot reach the Hoads much before five o'clock to-morrow evening. It will therefore be late before he gets to Molbourne. The ceremony of swearing-in will take place some time on Friday. To-day the Victorian Embassy is to wait on Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, to discuss with him theposition of political matters in Victoria, and to ascertain, if possible, liow far the Imperial authorities are inclined to interfere in our local affairs. In a day or two, 110 doubt, conflicting accounts of the interview and its results will he before the public. It is certain that somo stirring political scenes will tnkc place in this colony before the year 1879 has passed away. Most of the Ministers left by special train to-day, at a quarter to twelve, for Williams- town, where they embarked on board the Victoria, The Victoria goes to Queenscliffe this orcning, where she will remain for the night, and leave again early to-morrow for the Heads, to meet the Bingarooma, which brings tho Marquis of Normanby from New Zealand. The intelligence that the English money market is favorablo to the floating of tho Victorian loan will he welcome information to all classes in the community. Amidst the many drawbacks which at present unito to render trade dull, property depressed, and to check enterprise, the tightness of the money market, and the steady screw put on all round by the banks, are the( most serious. With an easier money market, matters would at once assume a much more promising aspect. Quite apart from political considerations, the whole community should re" joice at the successful floating of the loan. T11 due timo it will be necessary to see that the money is wisely expended. In the County Court to-dny, before his Honor Judge Cope and a jury of four, Mr Charles Fnussett, solicitor, nought to recover £99 damages from Mr William H. Roberts, teacher of dancing, Collins street east, for assault and falso imprisonment. On the 3rd December last the plaintiff went to the defendant's rooms to serve a fraud summons upon one of the defendant's brothers. He in sisted upon waiting 011 the premises till he saw him, and the defendant gave tho plaintiff into custody for trespass. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff for £S 8s. An important decision was given by Mr Call and a bench of magistrates this morning, when Louis Seharrer, the keeper of a "gift" lottery shop, in Bourke street, was charged, under the Amended Police Offences Statute, with, selling tickets in contravention of the Act. The defendant was ordered to close his establishment within a month, and proprie tors of other similar places were warned to do likewise. Mr Montfort said the American War, the Glassblowers, and all othor gift- giving entertainments would bo _ proceeded against in the event of their visiting Mel bourne again. At the Carlton Police Court to-day, before Messrs J. Curtain, T. O'Grady, McMurtrie, Gunn and Craven, John R. Mansfield was charged with disorderly conduct in a public plnce, and also with having assaulted Ann Lucas. The prosecutrix did not appear, _ and the defendant was discharged. Bridget Whelnn, charged with having stolen some trifling tilings from a yard, was sentenced to 18 hours' imprisonment. Bridget Whelnn and Sarah lleed, vagrants, were eaeli sentenced to one month's imprisonment. The list also in cluded some cases of debt and summary eject- mont. A boy named Charles Huff was charged, at the Richmond Polico Court, to-day, with stealing a silver watch and ciiain, valued at £4, from the dwellinghouse of Mrs Gunn, a lady residing in Neptune street. The prose cutrix stated that the boy resided at the house. The stolen property was her husband's, and always lmng over the mantelpiece. The mother of prisoner appeared, and told the bench that she could get no good out of her son, who was only 13 years of ago. The boy, who pleaded guilty, was ordered to be im prisoned for one hour, and afterwards to be sent to the Reformatory for three years. Mr Guilfoylc, curator of the Botanical Gardens, had a lively breather of a mile or so last night after a young man, named David Wilson, who took a fancy to a plant, value 2s, which he saw in "the garden growing." When captured he made no excuse for his conduct, and was given in charge. Mr Guilfoyle said that plants were lost from the gardens by the cartload, and some of the most valuable specimens of growing plants were broken and spoilt ruthlessly by the visitors to the gardens. The prisoner was given a very good character, and as he was a young marriedman, and had been locked u;> all night, Mr Call said he would be let off with a fine of 30s; other persons similarly offending, however, might not be so lucky, he wished it to be borne in mind. Henry Albrook was charged, on hail, at the Richmond Court this morning, with unlawful assault. Ho was summoned to appear last week, but did not answer to the summons. He was then arrested on warrant, and afterwards bailed out. As the prosecutor did not wish to press the charge, he was discharged with a caution As a wagonette was proceeding to Carl-' ton this morning, the driver regaled him self with a smoke, although a printed notice was posted up in the vehicle, intimating that smoking was "strictly prohibited." When the wagonette got into Lygon-street a female who was inside suddenly discovered that her dress, which was composed of muslin, was in flames. The fire was extinguished with the assistance of a gentleman who was in the wagonette. Had the flames not been dis covered so soon, the probability is that in a couple of minutes more the woman would have been enveloped in them, and have received serious injuries, or lost her life. The dress was ignited by sparks from the driver's pipe being blown into the back of the vehicle by the wind. A discussion has arisen respecting the ilis tance swiun by Cavill on Saturday last. Thj given by the press reporters was the distance estimated by Mr Edwards, of Prince's Bridge, Mr Burton Toones, owner of the steam-launch Folly, nnd others constantly upon the Yarra. A11 advertisement respecting the aquatic ear- nival at Hegnrty's St. Kilda Baths, 011 Satur day next, in whioh Cavill and his two children will take uart. appears elsewhere. On Friday next, 1st March, St. David's Day, tlie Welsh excursion will be made to l'nrtsen by the steamer Williams, A muff cricket match, at which some fun is anticipated, will be played on the Richmond ground to-morrow afternoon, between the Rich mond Town Council and tho South Richmond Early Closing Association. It is understood that it is to he a match of genuine muffs, specially selected for their want of knowledge' of the game. It is anticipated that there will be some spooning of the ball. _ The s.s. Leura, with'the Cheviot in tow, was signalled off tho Promontory early this morn ing, and will pass through the Heads and reach tho Bay about nine o'clock to-night. It will ho remembered the disabled steamor, meeting with exceedingly rough weather off the coast of New South Wales, met with an accident to her screw propeller, and was compelled to put into Twofold Bay for shelter, from which place a telegram was then sent to Sydney for the Ly-ee-moon to bring on the passengers. The Lenra picked up the Cheviot late on Monday night, and pro ceeded at once to Melbourne, It is thought that the bolt which holds the propeller firmly in its place has by some means slipped, which in consequence lias rendered the screw useless, although tho damage done in such a case would be trifling. The Leura was making 10 knots an hour, with tho Cheviot in tow, when signalled at the telegraph Btation. Mr William Gaunson speaks at Footscray to-night. A young man, of a ruffianly aspect, named John Deweffe, in company with some others after his own class, entered the Builders' Arms Hotel, Emerald Hill, on the 10th instant, and asked for drink gratis. Upon the landlord refusing to comply with his unreasonable, although not uncommon request, lie picked up n pewter pot from the counter and knocked him down with it. Upon being remonstrated with, he assaulted him again, and then ran away. Ho subsequently turned up at Lily- dale, in company with another man named Kenny, and there got upon the spree, and be- came such a nuisance that Constable O'Shanassy arrested him. A warrant having boen issued for his arrest nt Einerald Hill, he was brought up at that court this morning, and the wife of the landlord having sworn to his identity, lie was sent to gaol for three months, with hard labor. Kenny, who was placed in the dock with him, was ordered back again to gnoi, ho Deing incarcerated by tho Lilydnlo police for offences against tho decency of society at that place. At the Richmond Polico Court, to-day, a man, numed Charles Smith, was charged with stealing two shirts, the property of Mr J. F. Lancashire, draper, of Swan street. The shirts were found on tho prisoner by the police, and tlie bench sent him to gaol for one month. Three of tho inhabitants of that maladorous region, Brogan's lane, fell unexpectedly into the hands of Senior-Constable O'Meara and Con stable Herbert just after midnight last night. They were on duty in the lane, when they saw John Emery, a well-known offender, leading a drunken man from a place kept by himself and a woman named Elizabeth Campbell. The man said that he wanted his purse nnd the money they had taken from liim. Emery told him if lie did _ not keep his " jaw" quiet he would do for hiin in less than a "crack." Tho constables then in terfered, and entering tlie house, they found tlie woman Campbell and a colored man, Thomas Hammond. A search was made, hut 110 purse or monoy was found. The three however, wore arrested, and the woman charged with being the keeper of a disorderly house ; the men witli vagrancy. The police f;ave them all a had character, and said tho louse was one of the worst ill an utterly bad locality. It and tlie city will he rid of the three for a yenr. A respectable-looking elderly man, named John Williams, was charged, at the City Police Court this morning, with attempting to rescue a prisoner from the custody of Constable Coffey, in Swanston streot last evening. Tho evidence went to show that a woman named Margaret Gray was in Williams's company between eleven and twelve o'clock, and making use of very disgusting language, to the annoyance of passers-by. Coffey went to arrest her, and, as he said, Williams, took him by tlie collar and tried to get the prisoner away. Other constables came up, but as they deposed that if any resistance was made, it was of the slightest, a fine of 10s only was in flicted, A representative of the larrikin class, named Patrick Finn, was charged, at the Richmond Court, this morning, with unlawfully assault ing a Chinaman, named All Cluing. The complainant, who lived in Burnley streot, near Simpson's road, stated that 011 Sunday, the 23rd inst., tlie prisoner, together with a number of larrikins, was in the street, and used abusive language towards him, The prisoner caught hold of him by the tail, and struck him a blow in the eye, which knocked him down. Witness called for the police, and the prisoner ran away, but was finally ar rested. He was fined us or 24 hours' im prisonment. The prisoner was then charged with indecent exposure on the same date. The man, who was intoxicated, it was alleged had conducted himself disgracefully in the pre sence of two little boys. Tho charge was not, however, sustained, and Finn was dis charged. The second officer of the ship Hospodar, lying at Williamstown Pier, named M'Lean, fell between the wharf and the ship, early this morning, sustaining injuries that "necessitated the police communicating with Dr Figg. He was removed to his berth oil the ship, and ap peared to be very delirious. Tlie watchman of the vessel states that M'Lean was in company with another man not belonging to the vessel. There did not seem to be any reason to believe that a quarrel had taken place between tliein. A letter from a resident of South Australia, received yesterday by a gentleman in Geelong, states that great bushfires have occurred between Panola and Narracoorte, thousands of acres of grass having been consumed. To give, an idea of the losses sustained, the writer of the letter reports that one squatter has lost at least £3000 worth of fencing on his properties. The pencil of Hogarth would have drawn a picture which would have lived as long as his Marriage a la Mode had he been present in the City Police Court this morning, when two wretchedly filthy women, and three young children, one in arms, were brought forward, charged with vagrancy. Thoy had been found 111 a hovel in George street, off Lonsdale street, and tlie state of squalor and filth in which it was kept was indescribable. One pretty little child, not two years old, was fount! in a small back-room, alone and screaming. The other two children were outside, and the two wretched women, who were meagrely clad in. it was stated, filthy frocks alone, were drunk in the only other room, in which also there was not an atom of furniture, or a domestic utensil of tlie most common description. To add to the horror of the picture, the woman Forbes appeared in court evidently suffering from delirium tremens, She was the mother of two children, and they were clad as meagrely as she was. The child of the other woman, Louisa Newton, was in better con dition, having, the polico said, been looked after by a neighbor. Forbes was sent to gaol for twelve months and her children to the schools for seven years. The other woman and child were remanded for n week. The Ballarat Star says : — An alarmist who acts as Melbourne correspondent of a New Zealand paper, caused a good deal of unneces sary anxiety recently to persons there who are interested in any way in this district, by writing to say that Ballarat was entirely sur rounded by bush fires, and that it was only with great difficulty the town itself was saved. It is n pity that sensational writers of this sort do not make sure of their facts before placing such statements on record. The Kyneton Guardian says : — Very few of the Ministerial journals attempt any de fence of this shameful job. The Daylesford Advocate, indeed, states very candidly that "There cannot he two opinions that tlie result of the West Bourke election has been unsatisfactory to all parties. Tlie interference of tlie Attorney-General lays hiin open to grave censure. For Mr Dealtin to assert that the continuance of the polling would have ensured his election, is proof that discreditable moans would have been exercised in bringing voters of known opinions to vote who did not previously intend to do so, and with the full knowledge that the electors in the other divisions of the district wcro powerless to neutralise the sharp pratice thus attempted." This is going oven further than we should have expected a Ministerial journal to have done. Throughout the Colae district this season the yield of fruit has been enormous. Apples, pears, plums, peaches, and all other descrip tions of stone fruit can he had for taking away, and in some cases have been used for tlie feed ing of pigs. In tlie face of this (writes tlie Colao Herald) we still continue to import fruit preserves, when a much better article at less cost could he obtained at our own doors, if a little eare were taken in paying due attention to the art of preserving. According to the Wimmera Star, the prico of wheat ill Horsham ranges from 3s Cd to 3s liid per bushel, with enormous supplies coming forward. A few truck loads of wheat have been despatched daily from the railway station, but, of course, tho quantity sent away is a mere trifle compared to the large stacks of grain awaiting transmission. Yesterday, however, a good number of trucks were available for grain, all of which will be loaded and sent away by tho mid-day a train to-day. We learn that tlie authorities have made arrangements for sup plying as many truclm as can be loaded under the present circumstances, and consequently we may soon expect a diminution in the quantity of grain accumulated in Horsham and nt other railway stations 111 tlie district. Tho_ Hamilton Spectator writes : — Whilst the minds of the supporters of the prize ring in Melbourne are being exercised about the forthcoming match between Foley, of Now South Wales, and Abe Hickcn, of Victoria, Hamilton admirers ot tho fistic art have had their treat! (111 Saturday rumours were rife about a contest that was talcing place somewhere near town, but it was not until evening that those not in the secret got any reliable news about it. It was then stated that two men, named Finn and Bevan (or Bovin), had been fighting for two hours and-n-quartor without either giving in, when tho battle was declared a draw. The sum fought for was put down at £10, and the number of rounds over 100; neither man is said to havo flinched, and tlie contest was once disturbed by tho appearance of a man in blue. Botli tlie men wero well punished ; this was all tho satisfaction that cither of tliom got, and tho verdict doubtless will bo, " Servo idiom right." Tho Sydney Echo writes Tlio Argus will surely need all its eyes to see its way out of tho torriblq diiliquHics whiqh (lint vgry extra- ordinary proclamation in tho Government Gazette ot Melbourne by the Aoting- Chiof Sccrotary is intended to_ phmge that plain- spoken journal into. It is, perhaps, a moot point though whether the wording 0f this unique proclamation does not amount to slander albeit published by the Govern ment. To tax tlie _ many - eyed with fabricating and publishing faiso news and with attempting to depreciate tho credit of tlie colony, is to do that which, if done by a private individual, would prove to he a very costly piece of indiscretion. But in tho present case this peculiar Government Gazette notice will probably lie regarded by 99 out of every 100 of the Argus readers as the most perfect nnd Mattering /..oof of the honesty and loyalty of the paper which could have been desired. For tho approval of certain men is only to lie obtained j t the price of dishonor and dis- grace.' The Geelong Advertiser writes:— A wedding party without a bridegroom is rather a novelty yet one took plnce yesterday in a neighboring town. The bridegroom, having made afl arrangements for tho marriage ceremony went into a distant pnrt of the country to arrange little business matters without letting tlie bride know, and he missed the train which was to convey him to the township where the nuptials were to bo celebrated. Tho marriage party arrived at tlie church and anxiously awaited tho coming of tlie bride groom, who, however, did not appear, and when the party were about tired of waiting, a telegram was received announcing that the derelict had lost the train. The wedding- breakfast will, 110 doubt, be consumed to day. The Sydney Echo writes : — Mr Berry has met with his first rebuff. Beforo going to the Secretary for the Colonics he has visited the great money magnates, on what is really the most important pnrt of his mission. Of course he wants Ills big bill carried, hut his little bill for five millions is more important still. He ennnot keep his hungry followers contented unless he lias money to scatter amongst them. Tlie must urgent part of his mission, and tho one, therefore, that will brook no delay, is to- got money to keep things smooth. Prior to his leaving tlie colony he sent a message to the bank managers that, before tho loau was floated, ho would be with them himself in London to give them the benefit of his advice and support. It seems a moot point whether he or they have most appreciated the great support to Victorian finance which his sudden descent on the London money market has given. Ho seems to have opened his commission in the bouncing style with which lie lias treated tho Assembly and the Council in Victoria. " My terms are par." But from this position "lie has had to make a hasty and ignominious retreat. He was told that tlie money could not ho had 011 those terms, and that I10 must knock off at least 5 per cent. Mr Berry caved in at once. It was 110 use for him to bully the gentlemen with the money bags, to threaten to abolish tho Stock Exchange, to call for a plebiscitlim, and to hint darkly of broken heads and blazing houses. The money was not to be had 011 Sir Berry's terms, and he found that neither threats nor cajolery would serve his turn, aud he has, therefore, meekly accepted the situation. Ho can sit down and reckon lip how much the depreciation on tho £">,000,000 will come to, and how much his re volutionary policy has already cost tlie colony that he governs. One of the most amusing features of the Polynesian labour traffic (says a Fiji journal) is the desire of the returning; emigrants tiv astonish their friends and relatives by a dis play of European finery 011 landing, and the facility with which they subsequently fall into their old habits and customs and discard the irksome garments of civilization. Somo of the coloured ladies may he seen emerging from the hold of a vessel bedecked in garments of the latest fashion ; bonnets, hats, parasols, and even boots and stockings being com plete, whilo the ijingcrly manner with which they descend into the boat must be seen to be realized. On tlie return of tlie vessel after a few days' absence, the same dainty creatures will be found offering them selves for re-engagement, coining 011 board ill a state closely approaching nudity, their gaudy- attire having been all annexed by their admiring countrywomen. The Sydney Evening News states that Brorsen's comet was discovered on Saturday evening last, by Mr Tebbutt, the well-known amateur astronomer of Windsor, N.S.W. No change of bill is required nt the Theatre Royal, the drama of Queen's Evidence being a very fair attraction. Public curiosity will now awake as to the qualifications of Miss Augusta Dargon, a young tragedienne, who has been conspicuously heralded. This lady is to treat us with a series of impersonations of the heroic type, nnd it is hoped she will make a great success in submitting her claims to the most critical audience in the world, that of Melbourne. All for Her, at the Opera House, is one of the most effective plays witnessed here for a long time, but it must positively be withdrawn shortly, as_Mr Lyster resumes possession of the theatre with his English opera company, of which Miss Rose Hersee is the particular star. This artiste is reported to have been engaged from London on wholly unprecedented terms. Old Soldiers is nightly accompanied by a running fire of laughter at the Academy — our Strand. Mr Hall and Mr Owen have both capital parts, and the piece is singularly droll. It is one of those "to be seen." A perceptible improvement in the audiences" at the Princess's Theatre marks the production of Ten Nights in a Bar-room, which equals Crtiikshank's Bottle in its moral effects. It ia absolute realism, and not one of the horrors of drunkenness is spared out of consideration to any mawkisli sensibility. The graceful entertainment provided by Kelly and Leon's Minstrels, at St George s- Hall, continues to meet with due favor. The programme this week is identical with their first, which had such an extraordinary run. 