feklk. SOME RURAL ASPECTS OF - CANADA. Ruiuii Iif9 in Canada cannot fail to ba of surpassing interest to many whose lot is to be oust in the Dominion. What the writer unowa upon this subject may be inferred from the fact of his kaviug the experience of a ten years' residence in Canada, a decade of varied fortunes aud stern contest with the Titans of a new country, Toil and but too frequently, Disappointment. Though much of the former has been his shave, hia rewards have not been wanting, in difficulties mastered and hardships braved. Usually, under proper management, this war of the Titans, which is ever waged in Canada against each money-lacking incomer, resolves itsolf into au intestine conflict between the two, giant Disappointment yielding to giant Toil. Aud lo 1 before the redoubled strokes of the doughty champion, barn and shanty rise into being, groen acres nnd billowy grain stretching away to the limits of the primeval forest ! " Icame,Isaw, Iconquered," might aptly serve for the motto of many a hardy settler whose advent was sung by all the doiorous misgivings of grim poverty. Not so loug ago, and Upper Canada — since tko confederation of the provinces in 1S7C, known as" Ontario" — was a wiluof pine-tress, and swamp-cedar. Wolves Eftug chorus to the rustling of the autumnal leaf ; the rustic sheepfold was with difficulty guarded from the sinewy arms of brain, the grim Canadian ogre. Thus it is yet in the far-outlying settlements ; but thus is it nob in the snug1 aud smiling1 hamlets of Ontario proper, comprised at its best within the peninsula formed by the great lakes Erie, Ontario, Superior, and Huron. Famous names are these ; and the story or weighty aud pathetic deeds has been lisped by the wavelets or thundered by the waves of this chain of Great Waters. By the banks of Superior, Phre Marquette, with his confraternity of Jesuit missionaries and martyrs, moved long long ago; his bones have but recently been discovered, together with certain interesting archives pertaining to the missions amongst the Indians. Lake Superior is no longer shut out from civilisa- tion its mighty breast heaves beneath the keels of a schooner-service by no means contemptible ; whilst a fleet of steamships daring the summer months passes north wards as far as Thunder Bay, the starting- point for the newly created province of Manitoba. Place yourself now with your guide, kind reader, in Toronto, the metropolis of On tario, ere we set out together in search of some quiet retreat, where Canadian Hodge — if his existence be not as problematical as that of griffin and unicorn — may be seen in lis own native retreat. "All aboard for the West!" You start rudely from the perusal of your morning paper ; the gentleman sitting opposite you, armed with tooth-pick and guide-book, does the same. If you have not been inveigled into conversation with your neighbour — if you have not been beguiled into reveal ing name, pedigree, and occupation, depend upon it your neighbour is not in fault. No Canadian he; a regular " Down-easter," you can tell at a glance. Yonr insular Bulkiness has for onoe protected you. Rejoice and be thankful ! " All aboard for the West !" once more. Delay no longer. It is the driver of the conveyanoe who has come to convey you to the railway station. All hotels of the least pretension in Canada N own these conveyances, ever at the service of the guests. Canada is the lancl of light car riages and small tough, horses. The station is reached. The cars aro not likely to tie " on time take your ease while you may. Toronto has very fine railway stations, and the facilities for procuring refreshments are better than in most English cities. Distances, however, being so great and climatic kinder- ances to common, tha railway system in Canada lacks the traditional punctuality of its European cousin. Here she comes 1 A snorting, a ringing of a big bell, the blowing of a deep-mouthed whistle, the rasping of ponderous brakes against the tires, and the cars come toastaud- still. A most Bepulchral-voieed affair is this Canadian railway whistle. Your luggage is given in charge of a very civil official, who, with an air worthy of the Grand Mogul, gives you a " cheque" in exchange ; and you step " on board" free from hamper and with mind relieved from all anxiety. One feature this in Canadian railway management worthy to be copied by officials nearer home. The cars not being divided into compartments as in England, social intercourse is encouraged if not compelled. Iced water during the hot season is at hand ; and boys traverse the entire length of.the train vending periodicals, daily papers, sweets, and cigars. Of course smoking is confined to the smoking depart ment, although the prohibition is not always observed. Very much to observe there always is in travelling by rail, peculiarly so to the newly arrived resident in Canada. We how ever, must onwards, having at present to deal with the phases of settled life. At the station to which you have booked, a " stage" is waiting ; you arrange your luggage on it, and enter the hotel close at hand. Nothing is done here without due refreshment. That a train will meet a stage-coach at a certain point, is a fiction. The train will some time or other reach the point, no doubt ; the stage sooner or later will be forthcoming; but precision is never thought of in travelling. So entirely different is the Canadian at home and in business from the Canadian en voyage , that you fail to recognise in him the same person. Perhaps it is better upon the whole thus. In transition by boat or rail from one point to another, whilst the one vortex of busy speculation is in process to be exchanged for another, should not the mind be suffered to relax, rather than be kept strung in tension, as is the wont of Englishmen ? You have say forty miles to travel by stage, and have now the opportunity to survey the prospect, and form your first impressions or the rural aspects of the couutry. The season is August, and getting towards noon. Shaded a9 you are from the fiercest heat of the sun, you yet find the air oppressive. Clouds of dust arise around and about you, covering your clothes with an impalpable white powder, for the rock formation is limestone. Upon the right and upon the left are dense masses of tree3, with here and there a clearing. The foliage is of the most varied descrip tion. The maple, most graceful of North American trees, stands in groups of a dozen or so, enlivening the lan scape wftk the gor geous colouring for which it is famed ; not so gorgeous however, as will be its dis play in two months to come, when, daring the brief Indian summer, tree' and scrub vie with each other in exposing buss of uuex- ampled magnificence. Being August, the swarms of mosquitoes risiug in front before the steady tramp of the horses, form black clouds of animated malevolence. Grass hoppers mount upwards in ooveys wbose shrill clamours may be heard miles away. The whip- fly is cracking its wiugs ; the bull- toad is croaking in harsh guttural accents from the swamps that line the highway. Besides' tho evergreen mapie, you may re mark the pine, typical of the New Dominion, overshooting all the punier fraternity. Beech is plentifully interspersed ; whilst the aro matic cedar gives a charnofcer peculiarly, Canadian to the swamps. This tree is put to many useful purposes of utility in Great Britain. Split up into lengths, it serves for rail's for fencing, whilst it is a staple material in the household for the lighting of fires. Hemlock, nearly as common as the cedar, is applied as a substitute for oak-bark, in the tanning of leather. There would be a sameuess closely trench ing upon monotouy in the boundless stretch of timber extending upon each hand, but for .the great oliarred spaces marking the track of some fire. There stand the lofty (ranks, charred yet unfallen, stretching spectral arms over the tangled undergrowth beneath. Many have fallen, and lie interlaced or broken, whilst clambering vine or. graceful fern and moss have coated the prostrate mon arch with verdure. Iu the track of the bush- fires, raspberry pilches, spring up, covering at times hundreds and thousands of acres. These wild raspberries are marketable, superior indeed in point of flavour to those of domestic enUare. At this season the roads are good ; du3f. enough to be sure, but no dangerous ruts, as in the late Fall, when the ground is frozen but no snow lias as yet fallen. Snow, the great leveller in more senses than one, is always welcome in winter. Your journey is not eulivoned as it- is in the old country, by many feathered friends. Daring the heats of August, birds remain concealed in the depths of the bush ; but such as you chance to see mu3t arrest attention by the brilliancy of their plumage. The firo-bird is a perfect beauty with its ft.uny-lmed feathers. The humming bird, transient visitor from southern climes, glitters with all the shoen of tho rainbow. But tho most common of Canadian birds is tho robin, a bird much larger than its Eng lish con/ere, and capable of some very fair vocal essays. A good pet bird too, beooming very tame. Beyond that bend in the road lies the vil lage of B , and coaohee blows his horn, by way of announcing yon in becoming style. You near it ; the horses are whipped up so as to exhibit their very best- paces, and you pull up before the little tavern. You are tired ; ooachoe is tired ; the horses are tired, and nobody save yourself has a thought of sentiment ; but whilst seated at your frugal tea, you may, from the windows of your hos telry, indulge in many a romantic reflection. How long is it since this pretty village grew into being? Has you gently gliding stream ever borne upon its bosom the canoe of the Rad Indian? Were lock-scalping aud tomahawking amongst the items of the bvg.rao current history of this quiet spot? You dream of Hiawatha and the gallant Brant, feeling yourself iu a new and nooxpiored state of being. Hiawatha is a fiction ; but Brant, most noble of Indians, in all probabilty trod this very neighbour hood ; and such a thing as a tomahawk may have been unearthed only a day ago. A real Indian pipe is usually to be had for a trifle, and beaded and embroidered mooassin3 con nect the present with the past. Looking from your window, your eye roams in search, of those striking and charming adjuncts to English scenery, the hedges. In vain you seek ; there are none. Yon are tired, and retire betimes, sleep ing well, no doubt; since Canadian country taverns kavo no more than their fair share of parasites, and of species not unknown in England or requiring special study ; these, kind reader, mosquito3 being excepted, a ma licious and bloodthirsty race of native tor ments which would demand a chapter to themselves. Canadiaus rise early. By four o'olock, in the country aud in the summer season, the good folks are astir. Mike goes to take the cattle to pasture ; Bill looks after the horses ; Sally milks the cows ; and the ' boss ' or master superintends the opening daily programme. The mornings and evenings are the plea- santest times in Cauada daring the summer. Sunrise and sunset are gorgeous affairs. No sooner shine3 the first glimmer of dawn, than up mounts the sun; and, after a brief display of truly regal splendour, day has fairly set in. Twilight is just as brief. For the rest, the clouds seem habitually higher in the sky, and .more massive than in England. There are many birds about in the early morning ; some very large ones. Hawks may be seen wheeling aloft-. The long- necked crane, shrilly screaming, with legs stretched out behind him, posts eagerly towards the far horizon. The big snowy owl flits moodily athwart the scene, to bury himself within the dark recesses of the neighbouring woods. Our host's barn-yard may have received a visit last night from his owlship, or those heaps of feathers oonvey no real history. Mine host of the Commercial Hotel — they are all commercial hotels where there is very littlo real business — has not invested uiaek in briok and mortar, as you perciove.I His tavern is built of logs piled upon each other and filled with moss. Very comfortable are these buildings, especially ia winter. Question him, and ho will admit that he could well afford a brick building ; bat he put this one up with his own hands thirty- five years past, and prefers it to another. " Them new-fangled Yankee notions" — jerk ing his head contemptuously in the direction of a pretty modern villa — a thing of beauty hewn by the hand of a sturdy Cauadian Phidias out of the limestone quarries adja cent — "ain't tli9 tiling for au old bush- slasher like mo ; no, not by a long ohalk. I like something as I can whittle at." Mine host is proud in his way. Passing along the main street, yon notice that the bulk of tho honso3 are of wood; possibly even the little church and the town-hall. No village in Canada iscomplete without its town-hall, where meetings are held, ooncerts given, and the fire-engine is kept. With so many wooden houses, the firemen form of course an important part of each little sequestered community. All are members of the brigade, both merchant and clerk, farmer and ploughboy ; nor is it anything extraordinary for Farmer Giles's male " help" to fill the post of captain of the bripade, Farmer Giles resigning himself to a subordinate situation. Truth compels the writor to state — and he has personally figured for several years in a local fire brigade — :hat the hook- aud-ladder company are usually of the greatest seivice, for of ten wooden build ings attaoked by fire, fully two-thirds are upon an average burnt down. Apart from the long double row of wooden buildings, you will observe a little upon one side the road a lofty factory, the busy whirr of whose wheels and the steady wash of tho water over whose dam, make you realise the presence within of a brisk iudastry. It is an agriouitaral-implement shop. Canada is the birthplace of modern improved ma chinery for reaping aud mowing ; the scarcity of labour and ruinous prices attached thereto during tho short and busy harvest season having apparently sharpened the wits of Canadian farmers and mechanios, they have risen to meet the exigencies. In farm- machinery, Canada stands ahead of any other nation, although it is probable Caua dian machinery, like Canadain horses, might be found too light to perform paying work upon the heavy clayey soil of Old England. Once clear the soil of stumps and stones, and Canadian soil is easy enough to work. Nor are Btones common, pebbles, indeed, being in many districts scarce. If you enter this factory, you will fiud everything well ordered, and manifest signs of prosperity on every side. Water power is plentiful, yet many factories have an engine to fall back upon in case of unusual drought. Here again is a flouring-mill ; and very substantially built it is now, although, if you care to listen, you may hear how twenty-five years ago, upon this very site, stood a small wooden edifice, the only mill within a range of forty-five miles. Those were times when to have accomplished one's corn gristing in safety was a feat worthy to be duly recorded ; when men trudged thirty or even forty miles to the mill, their bag of grain upon their shoulders ; when neither highway nor byway existed; when men, being chased by wolf or bear, were fain to cast«down their sack of bread- stuff And run for dear life. And this is the school. Enter, for you are always welcome to visit the schools in Canada. The primitive days of birch and cane are no more ; education in Canada is conducted by duly certificated men aud women, whose qualifications, if they be not very high, are yet far above those which formerly passed muster in the back settle ments. Even in the country, you will notice a certain smartness in the Canadian school-boys and school- girls beyond what is ordinarily met with in English children. More serious they are, perhaps proter- , naturally ao ; and if yon eaw them in ; > winter,- coming into school wrapped up in long home-spun coats, their legs encased in diminutive Wellington boot s, you wo ul-i think them the strangest ifctl« epitomes of humanity it were po33iblo to imagine. Human nature, however, is the samo everywhere, barring certain divergences, and longer acquaintance with the young people of Canada would help to wear off your prejudices. In the smaller villages, social distinations are, of course, reduced to -their lowest. Th doctor and tho clergyman take the load in matters social, followed closaly by the school master. The merchant in Canada has ' u tendency to assume a blue-blooded pre eminence whether in town or country, not to be attained by the English shop-keeper. " They have the money," was the simple explanation of the matter, when once upon a time the writer ventured to inquire the- reason. 