DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES. On Thursday last a bush fire that did a considerable amount of damage, commenced about four or five miles south of Dartmoor on the east side of the Glenelg River, and rapidly sweeping the agricultural settlements of Drik Drik and Balrook, licked up it the way fences, trees, and grass, leaving all behind a desert. We learn on good author- ity that Messs. Jackman, McLean, Malwood, Tunnock, and Mrs. Hugh Kittson, have all sustained serious losses, and that some others only escaped as if by miracle. In this fire, or in another which travelled to east and west St Clair, Drumborg, on the same day, and, so far as we can learn about it the same day, a selector called Bradley lost all his labor and fencing, the work of two whole years, in an incredibly short time. Bradley, we understand, is from Ballarat, and was well advanced in a home for wife and chil- dren, when the calamity came and all van- ished. To add to the distress in the confusion consequent on the fire, a number of swine rooted up and destroyed eight or nine acres of potatoes that promlised from all appear- ances an abundant yield. Whether all the farm-houses in the district of Dartmoor have been saved from the fire is not yet known, but, save the unfortunate German burned, recently, no loss of life is reported. Bush fires have been general throughout the colony. We abridge the following par- ticulars from the Melbourne and country papers:— A terrible bush fire broke out on Thursday about eight miles south of Colac, and swept down with great rapidity upon the township, and a large number of small selectors inhab- iting the borders of the forest have been burnt out. A family named Turmbull, con- sisting of father, mother, and five children, was suddenly surrounded by the flames while upon land belonging to Mr. Witchell Stand- ley, who was with them. The whole party made for the dam, Mr. Standley carrying one of the Turnbulls' children, and leading another. They had to go through burning grass, and among blazing trees to get to the water, and as they neared it a tree fell and killed one of the children on the spot. Mr. Standley and Mr. Turnbull were dangerously and dreadfully burnt; the latter sustained a frightful scalp wound also from the tree that killed the child, a boy of twelve years. Mrs. Turnbull, the mother of the family, was burnt to death, and another of her children with her. The infant was found dead in the forest, making for persons killed in all, besides two who are not expected to re- cover, and two more whose injuries are se- vere. All the country is on fire between Johnson's coast track saw mill, and the border of the Colac town common. The immense fires in the forest at Irrewillipe, which endangered Sir Samuel Wilson's Co- rangamite Station, and burned out several selectors last week, is still blazing. A fourth of the Turnbull's children, a girl died at a late hour on Thursday night. Mr. Standley had recently gone to live on a heavily-timbered selection of 420 acres at Irrewillipe, about six miles from Colac, and had built a house about 300 yards from his fence. His land adjoins a paddock belong- ing to Mr. Andrew Murray, of Woolwool, and it is not quite certain whether the fire broke out on the land of Mr. Standley or Mr. Murray. Mr. Standley was taking a bath in his house when we heard the alarm a fire, and he started at once with the Turnbulls to try and extinguish it. The Turnbull family had only come out to live in the house on the preceding Tuesday, and Mr. Standley had been living in a tent in the paddock. The first thing they did was to roll up the tent and place it and all move- ables in the house, which did not appear to be in danger. While they were thus occu- pied, a fresh body of flames swept down on then, completely hemming they in. They started to run for the dam, which is situ- ated about 300 yards from the house. Mr. Standley took to children, and Mr. Turn- bull two. Mrs. Turnbull appears in her fright to have run the other way. The bodies when found were fearfully disfigured and charred; there are indeed very few remains of two of them. The house was entirely destroyed. The straw hat of the eldest boy was found in the grass quite un- injured, 50 yards from the spot where he fell. Great fires are burning in the forest near Murtoon, and all the way along the Loutit Bay track. The names of the deceased are Mary Turnbull, aged thirty; John Miller, aged ten, and William Miller, aged seven years, sons of Mrs. Turnbull by her first husband. Also, Charles Turnbull, aged one year and eight months; and Annie Turnbull, aged five months. Mr. Turnbull lies in a hopeless con- dition at the house of his father-in-law, Mr. Doyle, at Irrewarra. He was unconscious when found, and has been delirious ever since. He had taken charge of three of the children, Ellen Miller, Charles Turnbull, and Annie Turnbull, all of whom were alive when found. Annie, the youngest infant, died as she was moved, and her body was received in a house of a neighbour, named Croagh. Charles was bought with his father to the house of Mr. Doyle, where he soon after expired, and Ellen was taken to Mr. Dow- ling's, where she is in a most dangerous state. Mr. Turnbull and Ellen Miller, are in a desperate condition. Unfavourable symp- toms have supervened in Mr. Standley's case, and he is dangerously ill. The Cape Otway forest took fire on Wednesday (says the Geelong Advertiser), and on Thursday afternoon it assumed alarming proportions. The whole country for miles appeared to be one mass of flame, and every inflammable article in the track of the fire fell before the devouring element. Between Loutit Bay and Winchelsea the blaze was keenly felt. Cobb's coach, returning from Loutit Bay, and containing as passengers a lady, a resident of Melbourne, and a boy, the son of Mr McKean, of the Water Supply Office, had a very narrow escape from the flames. The fire raged furiously over a portion of Mr Hopkins's pastoral run, and extended across the road leading from Lorne. The driver of the coach, which was drawn by four horses, did not observe that the road was almost barricaded with a wall of fire until he had fairly driven into the centre of it. The coach was surrounded by the flames, and a sharp bend in the road prevented the driver of the vehicle from turning about. Nothing was left but to face the burning mass. The lady and the boy threw themselves on the floor of coach, and wrapped rugs around the clothes, whilst the driver whipped the horses, causing them to gallop along the burning road for a dis- tance of one mile, when passengers, coach, horses, and driver emerged from a cloud of smoke, and to all appearance a sheet of flame, very little the worse for the adven- ture. The passengers were, of course, a little frightened at the thought of being roasted to death, and the driver of the coach was much scorched about the face and hands. The coach, top, was slightly scorched, and the horses just a little bit singed. Credit is due to Cobb's driver for the plucky manner in which he met the difficulty. On getting out of danger, the coach was stopped close to a gang of men and Mr. Hopkins's charge, who were endeavouring to check the progress of the flames, and Mr Hopkins kindly showed every attention to the affrighted travellers. An extensive bushfire has been raging at Khull's Range during the week (reports the Goulburn Advertiser), and over 10,000 acres of grass and £2,000 worth of fencing has been destroyed. The Messrs. T. and D. Webster, English, and Thorn are the prin- cipal sufferers. The bush also adjacent to the township of Toolamba was on fire on Tuesday, but as Mr James Winter received timely warning it was, we believe, speedily extinguished. The Ballarat papers report that bushfires are raging in that district. Out Cheswick, Bungaree, and Smythsdale way the forest is on fire, and daily records of disaster reach Ballarat. News from Smythsdale states that the long-continued heat has dried up the waterholes and baked the fruit on the trees. In Ballarat there has been almost a counter- part of Black Thursday. The heat is in- tense, and the smoke from bushfires resembles a thick fog. The Warrnambool Guardian of Saturday says. —Large bushfires have been reported on all sides during this week and last. Throughout the district most of the large estates have suffered more or less, some being very heavy losers in grass and fencing. Along the coast to the eastward several fires have also been burning. The funeral of Mary Turnbull, John Miller, William Miller, Charles Turnbull, and Annie Turn- bull, all victims of the great bush fire at Irrewillipe, took place at three o'clock on Sunday afternoon, in the Colac cemetery. About six hundred persons were present, of whom more than two hundred followed the bodies. Andrew Turnbull, the husband of the deceased, and the sixth victim of the fire, died on Sunday at two o'clock. Ellen Miller, the only remaining child, is still in a dangerous condition. Mr. Standley is get- ting on well. Fierce fires are raging in the forest at Gerangamite and Irrewillipe. 