Eciiuca, Moaji.v akd Kerano Advkrtiser. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) Echuca, Wednesday, March 5, 1S79. The meagre particulars as yet to hand of Mr. Berry's interview with the Colonial Secretary appear to indicate that the embassy will end exactly as we predicted. We learn from the Argus correspondent that written proposals have been submitted to Sir Michael Hicks-Beach on the subject of tli o mission to England. The first of these, we may very safely say, is put for ward not with any idea that it will be accepted, but to enable Mr. Berry to inform his supporters that he made some effort to redeem the pledge which he gave before his ] departure. It is that a bill should be introduced into the Assembly for the j reform of the Constitution, and that upon , its passing that branch of the Legislature, i and being rejected by the Council, there should bo a dissolution; the bill then to become law in the event of a majority of members being returned hi favor of it, in spite of the opposition of the Council. No one knows better than Mr. Berry that such a proposition does not stand the remotest chance of being entertained. In the first place an Imperial enactment would be re quired before it could be given effect to, and even if the Colonial Secretary were to fall in with the ambassador's views we may be sure that Parliament would laugh them to scorn. But having done so much to show his followers how very much s\ earnest lie is in his anxiety to bring the Council under the heel of authority, the Premier next submits a proposal which in all probability will receive consideration. It is that Sir Michael Hicks-Bea'oh and himself shoul! prepare a scheme between them, which the Imperial Parliament should be asked to pass in the event of the Council rejecting it. We think we may very safely say that there is but little prospect of the Council rejecting a measure which may be pre pared under such circumstances. The Colonial Secretary, although ho labors under the disadvantage of having no one in Eng land officially authorised to reply to the case, as put by Mr. Berry, is not without a full knowledge of the facts, and the statement sent home by the Council con tains a conclusive answer to every argu ment that can bo used by the embassy. No bill concurred in by Sir Michael Hicks Beach will have the effect of snuffing out the second Chamber, or of continuing it in existence with no higher function than that of saying ditto to the other. His object, there can be little doubt, will be to preserve the Upper House for the purpose for which it was originally intended, but to liberalise its constitution, render it in some manner amenable to public opinion, and devise some method of preventing those conflicts between the two Houses, which have here tofore produced such mischievous effects. He will be aware, however, that the Coun cil is not less anxious than himself to bring about such changes as these, and that it lias made overtures to that end, which have been contemptuously rejected. There may, and for the sake of appearances there , probably will be, a variation of detail, but we shall be greatly astonished if any mea sure which may receive the concurrence of the Colonial {.Secretary should prove to be more, radical or more liberal in its pro visions than that which the Council has already signified its willingness to accept. If then Mr. Berry's second proposal should be agreed to, and should result in a scheme being arranged, Ave may reasonably conclude that tip, difficulty will very shortly be at an end ; just as it might have been at an end months ago, without the folly, the humiliation, and the expense of an embassy j to England. It is interesting to observe that the plebiscite scheme has been altogether abandoned. Month after month we were assured that by no other means could the difficulty be settled; that it was the very perfection of statesmanship, and that the salvation of the country depended upon its adoption. And now there is no one to say a word in its favor. Even the Spectator, the journal which Sir Charles Gavan Dufty and Professor Pearson were understood to inspire, and from whose qualified approval Mr. Berry and his friends were wont to glean some little consolation, condemns the scheme most unequivocally, and declares that any colony adopting it must cease to belong to the British Empire, "supposing," says the Spectator, " that an English colony were to yearn after absolute govern ment, to abolish representative institu tions, and to submit itself to an eiected despot, we should say that if it liked to be false to all the traditions of the English race, it should bo allowed to have its will^; but that this liberty was incompatible with the maintenance of its connection with England. If it chose to cast in its lot with the absolute governments of the world, it must cease to have part or lot with the freo Government from which it sprung. So, too, j we aay of the wish for a plebiscite. | Imperialism itself would not b6 more in consistent with representative institutions; if, indeed, government by plebiscite be not the first step towards some form of Imperialism. A community which delibe rately, and after full explanation, desired to be ruled by direct popular vote, would 110 longer have anything in common with the mother of Parliaments, and the mainten ance of a connection which had lost its meaning would degrade us without benefit ing them." It will be remembered that when the plebiscite scheme was first introduced, Mr. Berry averred that its chief merit Was that it would bring our Constitution into com plete harmony with that of the mother country, and here we find almost the only English journal that has given liiin any countenance denouncing it as so utterly outrageous that no English colony could be permitted to adopt, except at the cost of severing its connections with England. From present indications, it appears prob able that the net result of the embassy will be that we shall get rid of the plebiscite craze, and obtain just about such a measure of reform—if we get any at all—as we might easily have obtained had Messrs. Berry and Pearson remained at home. The Pout Daiiwin Lise.—The Port Darwin line was rendered unworkable last night by severe thunderstorms. We are therefore without any cable uiess i^es. Tue Gan'nww.uuia Dummy Casks. -Our Melbourne correspondent writing last even ing saya :—" I learn that the Keraug Land Commission has re?olvod to retain the books, etc., which Were put in evidence during the recent investigation, for a sutliciantly long tune to enable the Government shor-thand writer to make such extracts from them as ars deemed necessary." The Fr.ooiusc; of tub New Mtjeray Bridge.—Many opinions have been ex pressed from time to Uiite since the completion of the road way or floor of the bridge. Most of tlio.se who are supposed to have a know ledge of such matters, have said that the structuro would be utterly useless, and posi tively unsafe for general traflic ; of course, there aro plenty of others who pooh pooh such opinions. The bridge was only opened on Monday evening) and traflic was continued throughout the whole of yesterday-, yet, in that short space of time, several very narrow escapes from accidents occurred. The lines of rails are laid down in a very peculiar manner, the timber of the bridge floor being bevelled in towards the line of rails, as if to direct the horses hoofs 011 to the hard polUliod motal rails. At any rate,itli!is had that effect in several instances already. Mr. Kickham, of the firm of, Kickhaiii and Stratton, was yesterday crossing the bridge 011 horseback, WheU his horse chanced to put down his oft" fore foot upon the metal rail, and slid along some distance. On recovering from this, his hind oil foot came in contact with the same lino of rail, and in trying to recover himself, he nearly came to grief. Had Mr. Kickhatn not been an experienced horse man both horsn and rider might have met with a seiioua accident; as it was, tho horse got oil" with a few scratches. A man in the employ of Mr. Ford, butcher, met with a precisely similar accident, only tho poor horsy got his knees badly barked. Several other accidents similar to tho abovo occurrod yesterday, bu--. the names of the parties con cerned have not been coinaiunicatod to ns. L'hero is thus a Strong probability that we shall have plenty of accidents and inquests to chronicle in connection with the great Murray Bridge. Sudden Death.—An inquest was held after tho arrival of tho 10.20 train last night at the Bridge Hoteij by Mr. R. Strick land, tho district coroner> touching the death of James Thompson^ who expired suddenly at the Crown Hotel, Fakonham stroet-, Echuca, at a late hour on Sunday night. The inquest had been delayed as Mr. Strickland could not attend till last night owing to his being required elsewhere in his official capacity. The body, which v.'a3 placed iu the Shirs Hall, was in an advanced state of decomposition. The evidence showed that deceased was a labcrer, 49 years of aije, a native of Ireland, and a resident of Echuca for some years. Dei eased had been living at the Crown Hotel for four mouths, and on Sunday night was seized with a fit, and before a medical man arrived, he died. Previous to this, on the Thursday, deceased had complained of pains in the back, and lay in bed till Saturday, when ho appeared better. He was well looked after by the people of the house, ancl refused to s inction a doctor being sent for. Dr. Croker deposed that the immediate cause of death was fatty degeneration of the heart, the lungs and liver also being disoased. Tiio jury returned a verdict that deceased died from mtural causes. The Murray Bridge.—Tho new bridge over the Murray was kept open for general traffic all d iy yesterday, and from the position taken up, it does not appear as if any en d vor will bo made to again close the bridge to pub ic traffic. Percy-street has assumed quite a busy aspect, and someone is always crossing tho bridge, as a great many drive or ride over for the novelty. Tho gate at the abutment of the bridge 011 tho Victorian side is securely pegged so as to keep it from swinging across the railway metals, and yet admit of tho passage of all vehicles. The gate at tho Moama abutment is closed across the railway lino at all times except a train is about to cross. In place of the one signal man on the centre of the structure, two men are now employed, one at each extremity. The bridge is so far recognised as a crossing place that both the Victorian and New South Wales Customdiouses have placed officers on the bridge to prevent smuggling. The loose gravel approaches to the bridge on either side aro found to be very heavy for the horses, but as soon as the winter rains set in this probably will be remedied. The trains when crossing now whistles from tho time they commence the ascent of the approaches on the one side till they reach the end of the ironwork on tho other, so as to warn any one about to proceed 011 to the bridge to wait till the train has passed. SnippiN'a Notes.—A rise of a few inches having taken place in the Murray during tho last few days, boatowners are pushing for ward repairs. M'Culloch and Co's and Air and Westergaard's slips each have a barge under repairs, and many others are being overhauled at their moorings. The last piles of the temporary bridge for the D. and M. Railway have been removed. Navi gation, which was heretofore carried on with great danger at the two bridges, has been made much more easy by the bridge's re moval. I11 the past vessels werealwayi compelled to drift through with the stream or "drop through" as itis technically termed ' and there was great danger of running into the temporary bridge, after having made a safe passngo of the iron structure. The aper ture in the temporary bridge was just large enough to allow a moderately sized vessei to squeeze through,and as the stream set ri"ht 011 to the piles of the old bridge after pass?n<r through tho now structure, many vessels in dropping through lost a portion of their paddle box. It is stated that the pontoon bridge is to be removed shortly to Ganna warra. Mr. Matthew Burnett.—Last ni»lit Mr. Matthew Burnett preached in tho Wes leyan Church to a large congregation. The subject of his sermon was "True Chris tianity, and a most earnest and impressive discourse was preached upon it. As it was too deep to be exhausted in one evenin'' Mr. Burnett intends preaching 011 the same subject to-night. The Rev. T. Grove, the Rev. J. C. Fieeman and several members of the congregation also took part jn the services of last night, BoRino for Water.—A week or two ago fro meiitidaed that an attempt was being made to sink a well on the artesian principle upon an allotment the property of Air. Waylen in High street south. In conse quence of the incapacity of the ,nan who, upon the strength of representing himself to possess special qualifications for the uudei» taking, was entrusted with the management of the operations, the attempt was unsuccess ful and temporarily abandoned. Within the last few days, however, the work has been resumed by Messrs. Aird, Madden and Collins, three thoroughly practical men, and the experiment promises to be entirely suc cessful. Yesterday afternoon water was struck in the bore at a depth of 60 feet, and in driving another 4 feet the water rose 12 fset in the pipes. This is considered so far, very satisfactory, and it is bel'ie^c'l that by putting down the bore a little deeper, tho water, which wc may add is perfectly clear, will rise to the surface. The 'Darling River.—Yesterday Mr. Mayne (manager at Echuea for Messrs. Wm. M'Culloch and Co.) received a telegram from Walget, stating that the Darling river at that phice was 10 feet over summer level, and still rising, caused bv the late heavy flood of rain towards the sourca of the river. The Docks and Wharves.—-Diiritig the enforced idleness at the old wharf at Eehuca, it has been decided to renew several of tli pieces of timber which have decayed, and a start was made at this yesterday, the pieces of timber into which the guard chain is fixed being the first operated upon. At the dook at ;1chuca> work is going steadily on. both horses and teams arid barrows being em ployed. A lar^e number of men are em ployed in the timber work of walling lip the banks of the dock. The Moama operations are being carried out on an extensive scale. In tho excavations sixty pick and shovel men are employed, and twenty-five horses The channel from the lagoon to the river has been dug out to a good depth, but several layers of earth will haVe te lie removed be fore the requisite depth is reached. This part is being excavated in sections, leaving a wall <>f earth about every twenty yards, so that should the river vise, it would only swamp one compartment of tho paddocking. Ploughs and scoops, besides pick and shovel men, are employed hero. In the bed of tho lagoon the earth is very soft, and notwith standing that most of tho drays have two horses, they frequently get bogged in the soft tenacious clay. Fart o£ the lagoon has been dug out to the contract depth, but un fortunately iu so doing several springs of water were struck, and now men are employed pumping day and night to keep it down. The wharf is not being gone on with, as the contractor is devotinz all his time to the dock, so as to have it finished before tho river rise3. Ho expects to have tho dock ccm plet ed in six wSeka. Cricket.—A cricket match will be played in the Park this afternoon between the first eleven and an eighteen of the Half-holiday club. A very good game is anticipated, and it is hoped every member *rill put in an appearance, especially members of the first eleven, as they require to ^ractide together the Jdrtlicoming matches. Wiekets will be pitched at half-past two o'clock sharp. A Jackass Laugh.—In the New South Wales Assembly on Friday evening, Mr. M'Elhone brought up the case of Mr. Oliver, who last November was sent from Sydney to examine the books of tho Moama and Albury land officers. Tlie Melbourne races \Vere on tlie time, arid Mr. Oliver not unnaturally availed himself of the opportunity to visit the Flemington course. Mr. M'Elhone did not object to this, but ho objected to Mr. Oliver charging his expenses for the time when he was enjoying himself at the races, and he challenged the Minister of Lands ( Mr. Hoaking) upon the subject.. Mr. l-Jdskiiis' reply was brief, biifc could hardty bo con sidered Satisfactory, even by a person of less irascible temperament than Mr. M'Elhone. Ic was—" Haw ! haw !" Wh,«t followed is thus reported by tho Sydney horning Herald :—Mr. M'Elhone—I'll make you haw haw the other side of your mourh be fore I have done with you. Mr. Hoskins— Is that right, Mr. Speaker ! The Speaker— I really think the hon. gentleman is out of order. Mr. M'Elhone—I'il not submit to the jackass laugh of the hon. member. The Speaker—The hon. gentleman is not in order in alluding to any hon, member as a jackass —[Mr. M'Elhone—I said a j tckass laugh.] or in saying any hon. member Was laughing like a jackass. The horn gentleman should apologise to the House, and withdraw the expression. Mr. M'Elhone said he would certainly do that. Running the Gauntlet.—In connection with the Condah bush-fire, .vhich extended on Wednesday last to the railway crossing, about e ghfc m les from Humihon, two very sensatioi al ins dents are related to the Spec tator:—" A well-known settler was driving up from Condah, and on ' arriving at the spot meu ione l found that he was surrounded by flames. To the right and left, front and roar, there was nothing to be seen hut flamos, smoke, and tottering trees. Th,*r« wa3 nothing for it but to apply the whip cord, and then commenced a race f ir dear life. The maddened, frightened steeds dashed along at a furious rate over the rough road, past red hot embors and burning trees, and it was not until a long distance had been traversed t'u-it the driver could congratulate himself and the occupants of the buggy upon being out of danger. But, if possible, the passengers by the evening train to Portland passed through a still more trying ordeal, although it was sooner at an end. The fire was burning on b>th sides of ,the line, but no particular anxiety was felt until a monarch of the forest was seen just ahead in full blaue, and swaying to and fro in such a manner as to indicate that it was about to fall, and this, in all likelihood across the line. There was no time to stop tho train, and to have done so would probably have prevented the journey from being completed. The driver of the engine appreciating the perilous position in which his life and the lives of those in his cr.re were placed, determined, like the driver ' of the buggy, to make a clean bolt of it. Putting on steam, he made the locomotive fairly jump again, and quicker prob.vbly than they were ever cariied along before, the passengers went safely past the tree. Tho second or two occupied in doing this, how ever must have appeared a life time to some —not that any of them was afraid the tivo would fall on his own particular carriage— but imbued with the knowledge that if it fell on the train at all there would be a general smash and loss of life, his own, per haps, included. The guard's van had scarcely cleared the tree when it fell with a crash right across the rails. A second or two sooner, and we would have been called upon to report a fea.rful catastrophe. This shows the necessity of providing in future railway contracts for tho removal of all trees, not only from the fenced iu reserve, but also for a safe distance on either side." Tiik Amending Land Act.—Tho new Land Act came into operation ou the 1st of January last, and the Minister of Lands (says the " Argus") has just received returns show ing how far itr operations were takon advan tage of in th month. The novel feature of the a.tis the t jn-residence clause, and it has been found that this provision is not being availed of so largely as was expected. During January, only 4,000 acres were selected under this section—principally in the Mel bourne district, whereas 713,000 acres were taken up under the residence section of the act. The Minister has decided, with regard to the latter, to allow residence one mile distant from a selection to count as fulfilling the residence condition of the act. Under the previous Land Act residence within I five miles was permitted w reckon as a com pliance with the act, but owing to the non residenoe provision* of the new act Mr. Longmore con-ddors it unnecessary to allow so much latitude under if. 