Victorian Finances. The Acting-Treasurer (Major Smith) delivered his Financial Statement, in the Assembly yester day evening (says Wednesday's Telegraph). Mr. Berry desired to be relieved.of the task. " The" budget showed that the actual decrease upon the estimated revenue was £137,000. Against this, however, must be set £291,000 now due to jthe Treasury under various heads. The falling-off includes Customs (£110,000), railways, excise, and territorial revenue. The decrease in the. land revenue is owing, the Statement avers, to the failure of crops, and to the inability of Crown tenants to pay their rents. The Land policy of the Ministry is against disposing of the country lands by auction. The loss on the wheat harvest last year, compared with the previous year is stated to be as much as £4,000,000; the prospect of the ensuing harvest is, however, regarded as enconraging, and the Treasurer considers it pro bable that the colony has passed through the worst of the crisis. As regards the financial year 1879-80, it is anticipated that the excess of expenditure over revenue will be £384,000 upon the basis of present taxation. The Treasurer referred to the immense sums due to the Go vernment by local bodies, and expressed the opinion that the Government should have a more direct control over the disbursement of the moneys advanced to these bodies. The Minister stated that the public debtof the colony amounts to no less than £20,000,000, but that the value of the works constructed out of loans are as much as £35,000,000. In short, there is £15,000,000 to the good. The Government have at present a balance in hand of £300,000 out of the recent loan. In order to meet the deficiency in the current year's revenue, it is proposed to increase the land tax to an extent which will yield £200,000. The bill to authorise tins would also embody the principle of a progressive land-tax. The Treasurer commented at considerable length on the effects of protection, arguing that the system was the means of giving increased em ployment to the people at higher wages than under a free-trade system ; at the same time, he con tended, it had the effect of reducing the price of commodities to the consumers. The Goverment would, therefore, impose twenty-five per cent, ad valorem, duties on an additional number of articles, likewise increasing the application of the fifteen and ten per cent, duties. The articles included in the higher rate are wearing apparel, brushware, glassware, machinery, metal fittings used in the manufacture of metals, musical instruments, wicker and wood ware, and leathern goods. The fifteen per cent, duties will apply to boots and Bhoes, woolpacks, cordage, wine, drugs and chemicals, hardware, and ironmongery. It is expected that these duties, together with the land tax, will cover the deficit. The budget is looked upon as a fiasco. The Government have outrun the constable, and now seek to impress the people with the belief that the imposition of fresh taxation, rendered neces sary by bad administration, is good in itself and directly beneficial to'- the community. The rankest protectionist is not likely to be deceived. The argument is not even plausible. " jEgles," in the Australasian, who can tell a yarn in a manner worth reading, says this : The Major, at Ballarat, in a Ministerial speech as Treasurer of the colony, made an attack upon the banks. Mr. Patterson, at Footscray, made scandalous statements (refuted by Mr. Berry) about the banks. Even Mr. Berry, having made use of them in London, has glorified himself at their expense in the matter of the loan. Mr. Longmore, with his hand " upon the throat of capital," directs his obnoxious regulations (which mainly hurt the selectors) against the banks. Upon the return of the Chief Ambassador, one of the first things done is to give notice of the termination ; of the Government arrangement with the banks.- And now the Government ap proach the banks to borrow money! Just as though, after kicking your friend downstairs, you followed him to the front door, and asked him to lend you a thousand! Might not the banks be justified in repeating the words of that historic Venetian banker :- . Yoji have rated me ' About my moneys and my usances. Well, then, it now appears you need my help : What should I say to yon 1 Should I not say Fair sir, you spat on me on Wednesday last ; You spurned me such a day; another time You called me dog ; and for these courtesies Fll lend you thus much moneys ? But our bankers are sensible men. Having the best interests of the country at heart (and its securities in their safes), they will not permit any sentiment of personal injustice to debar them from aiding the State, even though the pilot at the helm be Mr. Berry. They will lend the required money. But why, in Heaven's name, shonld the Government want to borrow now ? la-it not that they have been improperly borrowing from the loan fund, and though they have been receiving large sums for duties in an ticipation of increased customs imposts, still they have not got. enough to restore the money to the accounts from which it should not have been taken 1 I pauBe for the reply, which 1. know I won't get., Once more, where, oh! where are the Major's two millions savings? Dr. Gumming hps officially retired from the pastorate of Crown-court, Drury- lane. His congregation are now- endeavouring to raise a fund of £5,000, in order to purchase him an annuity. (The Doctor in our hearing prophesied that the end of the world would be 1881. If this farsight prove correct a thousand or two { should land him in the other land.) The report for the Department of Mines for the year 1878 has been issued, and in common with Mr. Lukiii, the Under-Secretary to the Department, we we regret to learn that the quantity of gold pro duced in the colony daring the year fell Bhort of the yield for 1877 by 63,654 ounces, representing a money valne of £222,789. This is mainly attribut able, so the report says, to a falling off of about 50,000 ounces in the returns of alluvial workings of the Palmer-a result to be expected, there being no j deep leads in the alluvial on that gold-field, and the; surface deposits, as a matter of course, are gradually becoming worked out. There have been 3634 Europeans and 10,856 Chinese employed in mining operations during the year, and the yield of gold (valued at £1,083,642) shows the average earnings of each miner for 1878 to have been £74 15s. 8d. FRANK Gabdineb AGAIN.-Under the head ing "The Australian Brigand again at work," the Utah Mountain Echo of June 4, pub lishes a very sensational article, from which the following extracts are made :-" Intense excite ment was occasioned in this city yesterday by the. tidings that a party of forty- three immi grants from the East, and bound hither, were corailed the day previous in Trohoe Pass, by a band of mounted desperadoes, armed to the teeth, and robbed of what coin and jewellery they possessed, together with a quantity of pro visions. The train, consisting of four covered waggons and seven pack males, had just entered the canyon, and some adjustment of the freight was being made preparatory to ascending the intricate road which skirts the precepice known. as Eagle Falls, when the marauders (twelve in number) suddenly surrounded the caravan, and presenting their revolvers at the pilgrim group, demanded a surrender of all the coin at the com mand of the train. The immigrants being almost unarmed, and surprised as. they were in - so sudden a manner, their only alternative was submission to the tender mercies of the free booters, who at once instituted an overhaul of the freight. The women and children screamed, and the men looked on in mute terror as trunk after trunk was broken open by three murder ous-looking guerillas, superintended by nine equally recklesB-looking bearded ruffians, bristl ing with loaded barrels. The immigrants were drafted out one by one, and submitted to a rigorous overhaul, after which they were ordered to sit down in full view of the robbers, who kept them focussed while the spoliation of property was going on. An old immigrant from Rockland, Ohio, came very nearly being shot by reason of an unseasonable loquacity, having ventured an opinion that ' the darned skunks wanted skinnin' for their sacrOigious proceedings in robbing the saints.' The verbose Mormon was made to go on his knees and apologise for his onsaintly expression, whilst a six-shooter peered significantly into each ear. After rifling the caravan to their satisfaction, the brigands rode off leisurely in the direction of Mound "Valley, first giving strict injunctions to the immigrants not to move on for three hours. "Whilst the xobbery was being perpetrated, Elder Pricehurst, in charge of the immigrants, and who was in San Francisco in the Fall of 1876, declares that he recognised in the leader of the gang a man named Frank Gardiner, who then kept a third class drinking saloon in that city, and whose previous career in Australia, it is said, forms a remarkably lively chapter in the criminal annals of that country. This man, it is asserted, was at one time a notorious Australian bushranger, the terror of New. South Wales. After serving a term of imprisonment scarcely commensurate with the enormity of his offences, Gardiner fixed upon San Francisco as the scene of his further labours ; and here his saloon was little else than a gambling den, and a resort for the scum and dregs of the city. It is pretty clear that in the small drinking saloon in Kearney-street Gardiner matured his plans against the peace and safety of the American citizens, and organised the band of ruffians who, on Monday last, deprived these poor, weary pilgrims of a few hard-earned dollaro-the fruit, perhaps, of many years of bitter toil. The caravan reached this city last night, and on learning particulars, officers Blane and "Van Deoken at once despatched forces in several directions with' the object of capturing' the marauders." The matrimonial epidemic is still rife.in our midst (Bays the Sodgkinson Mining News), the torch" of Hymen burning fiercely and with daggling brilliancy.. That the god of love has taken up his abode in our favored region is: a fact so generally admitted that even the cynics and sceptics amongst ns allow- it to pass un challenged, and when we contrast our delightful climate with that of less fortunate localities, keeping in view its bracing mornings, genial afternoons, and comfortably cool nights-so con ducive to vigorous bodily health-and gaze on the sunny peaks, verdure-clad hills, and pic turesque woodlands, while listening to the love songs trilled by the feathery denizens to their mates, poetical sentiment waxes strong within us, and yearning to emulate the happy warblers, our wonderment is lost in admiration of the wisdom evinced in his choice. Truly may our Warden cry " Still they come," as when on Saturday morning last comely and' blushing tyrants of. the fair sex led their willing captives of the sterner one into his presence to bind them irrevocably until death do them part, and well may his normally radiant countenance beam with increased effulgence as he rivets the connubial chains,-pockets his legitimate fee, and fondly anticipates the happy day when he himself in like manner will endow. . A remarkable natural phenomenon was ob-. served yesterday (says the Reckhampton Bulletin) by numbers of persons, but especially by the teachers and children attending the Central' Schools, William-street. As one of the assistant teachers came out of school with the scholars, at the 11 o'clock reeesa, his attention was arrested by someone exclaiming, " Oh ! look at the sea!" And on raising his eyes to the southern part of the sky, slightly above the horizon, there was, sure enough, a panoramic view of the sea at Emn Park, and "while he looked the islands in the bay rose into view one after another, showing Barren Island, Hummocky, and Great and North Keppel. Islands. Soon every eye was directed to the aerial picture,' and the view'is described as one of the most extraordinary, beautiful, and inter esting the spectators ever beheld. So natnral was the illusion that the reflection of a bush-fire on North Keppel Island was plainly seen,?and it is asserted that the appearance of a ship was also visible. From what has been already said, we need hardly state tbatthe unusual spectacle was a mirage-ran optical illusion arising from an unequal refraction in the lower strata of the atmosphere, and causing remote objects to be Been double, and as if reflected in a mirror. The phenomenon lasted for about half-an-hour. " Atticus" in the Leader writes:-A neat little fraud has just been discovered in England Asubstantial London|firm was in the habitof buy ing Hamburg spirit in bond, racking it off into Martell's casks,- and sending it to Australia as Martell'a brandy. It was observed by the authorities that the firm had issued bonded entries for so'xbay casks of Hamburg spirit, and had issued export entries for the same number \- of casks of Kartell's - brandy. An examination was made,, the fraud was. discovered/ and. the fiim was'fined If this te: the sort'of spirituous liquor our, . Jap-loafers have' been imbibing no wonder that intemperance is one pf the chief factors of insanity in Australia. Anthony Dobson, a kankrupt, who was accused of attempting to Mow up the county court at Leeds, with the intention of murdering, Mr.-J. Mayhall, the high bailiff, was on June 4 com mitted for trial. A statement is current in Berlin to the effect that Queen Victoria will stand sponsor to her first great grand-child, the little Princess of Saxe Meiningen. The christening is expected to take place shortly. With reference to the accident that Jervois met with on July 16, while riding with His Excellency Sir William Jervois on Lockleya road, the South Australian Advertiser states " that while passing a school-house which the children were just leaving Miss Jervois's horse started at their sudden appearance, and plunged heavily, throwing her to the ground, from which she was taken up unconscious. TTIR Excellency, finding a cart passing at the time, conveyed Ins daughter in it to Government-house. Miss Jervois regained consciousness shortly after reaching home." DEATH OF A BUSHRANGER.-" Gipsy Smith," whose name is associated with some of the most daring bushrangers in the early days of the goldfields in Victoria, died in the Melbourne Hospital last week. According to the prison records he was transported from England when a mere youth to Van Diemen's Land. Being a refractory convict he was subsequently sent to Port Arthur, where the worst class of criminals were confined. In the year 1853, : he with six others escaped iu a whaling boat, and after a perilous voyage landed at Brighton. - Being an absconder, he said it would be useless to go to the diggings, as he would soon be discovered and at.once decided on a course of bushranging. In those days the assistance rendered by the police for the security of life and property was but limited, which encouraged desperate cri minals to commit acts which have furnished a long catalogue of crimes in the early days of the goldfields and subsequent years. Smith was often seen in a spirit of bravado passing among the diggers with a red sash round his waist, in which were exhibited a brace of pistols. On one occasion. he was arrested by. a young trooper who was taking him to the lockup. In a lonely part of the road Smith asked the trooper to take off the handcufis for a moment, which the officer consented to do. As soon as the prisoner's hands were free he seized the officer's sword and attacked him. The trooper at the same moment diew the scabbard from his belt, and at once stood on hiB defence. The two fought for some time, and the - prisoner finding he. was getting the worst of the fight struck the officer's horse, which bolted into the bush, and Smith escaped. . Smith always spoke of the trooper as one of the best men lie bad ever met with in an encounter. On. another occasion, when Smith and his mate, named M'Nally, were surrounded by the police, the latter was shot dead, and the former escaped. In the year 1857, Smith was arrested at Ballarat and would have been lynched by the diggers, but they were prevented by a few of the police. Smith was tried and sentenced to 15 years on the roads of the colony. In these days the Pentridge stockade was very insecure, and Smith was sent to the hulk President. After wards he was transferred to Pentridge, and 'placed in a position of trust in one of the divi sions, where he conducted himself to the satisfac tion of the authorities. After he was discharged from prison he was taken in hand by Mr. Lang, son of the late Dr. Lang, of Sydney, who appears to ha ve placed considerable confidence in Smith's honesty. He was often entrusted by Mr. Lang to bring mobs of cattle from New South Wales to the Melbourne market to sell, and in sub sequent years he was placed in charge in a station. In accordance with instructions from Lord Cranbrook, the "Viceroy of Tiidia. hos published a resolution ordering an extensive reduction in the expenditure for public works. A cobbler, named Shirley, residing at Geelong, being tired of his life, placed the muzzle of a gun in his mouth and blew out his brains. He had been suffering from a cancer on the tongue. SHOCKING TRAGEDY AT ADELAIDE.-A terrible murder and suicide occurred on the 24th ult at Goodwood, a suburb oi Adelaide. A young woman named Emma Weldy, aged 21, lodged at the house of a Mrs. Waltgr, in which a young man named Charles Harvey also resided. They had been courting, but during the last month they did not appear to have agreed. On Mis. Waiter, with her nephew, returning home thin (Thursday) afternoon, she found the girl on the kitchen Jloor, dead, her face and head covered with blood. An old deaf man in the . house fancied he heard screams, and on going into <the kitchen saw a man run out the. door. ; Informa tion was at once giveii to the police, who in search ing the garden,'found a man's hat near the wjell, thelid of which; wai down. On examining the well however, they found'it contained the body of Harvey. A heavy poker was found near the girl's body with blood on it. The bouse where the tragedy occurred is a very nice one, and all the parties concerned are moBt respectable. Evening News. IRISH TOPEES IN THE LAST CENTURY.-The quantity of wine which could be drunk by sea soned topers was several .bottles. I think some members of the Cherokee Club boasted of drink ing six bottles each. Port wine was not much, used until the middle of the eighteenth century. The convivial meetings throughout Ireland were usually drunken orgies. If any guest left the table, intending to return, pieces of paper were placed in his glass to indicate the number of times the decanter had circulated during his ab sence, and he was expected to swallow a bumper for each, or, in lieu thereof, an equal number o£ salt and water.. It. was the custom in some houses for the host to lock the dining-room door, that none of; his guests could depart and thus shirk the liquor. Others used bottles like soda water bottles, which could only be passed from hand to hand, so there, was no. possibility of .stopping the bottle. The stories told of this, degrading intemperance in men of every rank, from the peer to the peasant, show how univer sal was this vice. A learned judge was said to have had a tube inserted in a metal pen, and with this, he would take a quantity .ot brandy placed on the bench in a vessel bearing the shape of an inkstand. Another judge was asked if he saw a learned brother, dance. "Yes," he re plied, " I saw him in a reel." Curran said of the third judge, who displayed maudlin sym pathy : when condemning a prisoner to death, "Though he did not weep, he certainly had a drop in his eye." There were lawyers who, it was reported, could not address juries without the aid of a libation, and we recollect how Sir Toby Butler; Solicitor-General in 1689, was pledged not to drink a drop of liquor until he made his argument in a case of vast importance, and acquitted himself so ably that bench and bar complimented him on his able speech; yet when the Attorney-General expressed his con viction that the success was owing to abstemious ness, " Not so fast, my friend," replied the jolly old toper; "perhaps it was the other way. " Why, Sir Toby," exclaimed the .Attorney General, "surely you have not broken your pledge!" " What was that ?" demanded Sir Toby. " -You pledged your word you would not drink a drop of liquor until yob concluded your argument." "Nor have I," answered the bar rister; "I did not drink a drop, but I soaked two fresh penny loaves in two bottles of claret, and I ate them."-The Irish Bar. The Financier states that it would.seem that the ruin of the unfortunate shareholders of the City of Glasgow Bank is to be even more com plete and uniform than has yet been'imagined. " We understand that the receipt call of £2500 per«hare made upon them by the liquidators ; has yielded anything^ but favourable results* and that the next dividend, to be : declared at an early date, will not amount, to tnore than 3s. 4d. in the pound-making, with the former dividend, 10s. "in the potrad. . It is con sequently believed that . another and a far heavier call than that last levied will have to be made upon the shareholders before the full sum can be got together for completely discharging the claims of the creditors* We hardly HIT to print the sum per share we have heard named. > j What would the shareholders think of a call 6£ | £10,500 or £10,000 a share 1" 