Cílegrajjic Itos. [Associated Press.] Adelaide, Jan. 20. Several bush-fires have occurred, doing much damage. The citizens have decided by a large major- ity to light the city with gas instead of kero- sene. A young man, named Pound, attempted to murder his step-father with a revolver this morning. The victim of the outrage lies in a precarious condition. The bushrangers Scott and Rogan were executed to-day, quietly. London, Jan. 17. The Times repeats its approval of the scheme for Constitutional Reform in Vic- toria, advocated by Mr. Service, which is to enlarge the basis of the Legislative Council, to provide for its dissolution, and for a joint sitting of the two Chambers in the event of a prolonged disagreement between them. The Times looks upon the scheme as one which, in practice, would work well, without resort- ing to revolutionary changes. It believes that the Council, if it refused lo accept such a measure, would afford a justification for the interference of the Home Government. On the other hand, the course adopted by Mr. Berry will merely retard the settlement of the question, because the Imperial Parlia- ment will not sanction the adoption of the plébiscite against the wishes of a large por- tion of the inhabitants of the colony. It is generally believed that Lord Lytton will shortly return to England, and that Lord Dufferin will succeed him as Viceroy of India. Germany has made formal representations to the Russian Government, regarding the recent affray that took place between Ger- man and Russian officers at Kaliaz. The quarrel arose through a political discussion at dinner, and ended in a serious wrangle. St. Petersburgh, Jan. 17. A trial has taken place between a noble- man and an editor of a newspaper. The former nearly killed the latter. A succession of riots have occurred during the past few nights at Pesth, in consequence of attacks made by the populace upon a club consisting principally of members of the nobility. Several persons have been killed and others injured. London, Jan. 18, The post of military Governor of Kabul has been abolished, in order to give conti- dence to the natives. Wali- Mahomed, who is thought to have remained loyal to the British, has been appointed by General Roberts to administer the affairs of the city. Messrs. Baring and Blignieres have com- pleted their investigation of the Egyptian financial position, and made a report to the Khedive, who has accepted their recommend- ations. The joint comptrollers are now ar- ranging for the future organization of the department. The reported affray between Russian and German officers is officially denied by the Russian Government, who also officially con- tradict the statements that have been made regarding the massing of troops on the Polish frontier. Paris, Jan. l8. The Ministry have announced their pro- gramme for the session. The principal mea- sures are a bill for regulating the control of the Press, and a new Education Bill, to be introduced by M. Jules Ferry. Important changes are also to be made in the Customs duties. London, Jan. 18. A railway collision has taken place at Orm- skirk, about thirteen miles from Liverpool. Seven persons were killed, and thirty more or less injured. Advices from Central Asia report that there has been renewed fighting between the Russians and the Turkomans. Ir is stated that the latter inflicted a severe defeat on the former, who were compelled to abandon Tchikistau, where the expedition started. Adelaide, Jan. 21. Yesterday was the hottest day ever known here. Several more bush fires occurred, caus- ing great damage. The steamer is paying out the duplicate cable between Baujoewaugie and Port Darwin. Melbourne, Jan. 21. A play called " Happy Land" has been inter- dicted, as it satirizes the Government. Sydney, Jan. 21. Scott ('Moonlite'), the bush ranger, shook hands with Rogan before being executed and said, " We have made a sad mistake !" London, January 19. Although an official denial has been given by the Russian Government to the alleged quarrel between Russian and German officers, at Kaliaz, the report of the incident is generally credited. The peace party in Russia is at present in the ascendant, and it is expected that the troubles which have to all appearance been imminent will blow over. A circular has been forwarded by Russia to the Great Powers explaining her reasons for massing troops in Poland. Russia' has advised Servia to accede to the demand of Austria, who is desirous of obtaining control of the Servian railways in so far as to enable railway communication, under Austrian management, to be carried direct to the Balk- ans. The Queen is expected to open Parliament in person. The Duc de Gramont is dead. A meeting of unemployed has been held in London, at which it was resolved to demand the establishment of public relief works. 