TOWN NEWS. The R.M.S.S. Siam, with the Australian and New Zealand mails for India and Europe, left the bay at half-past 1 p.m. yesterday, and cleared the Heads at a quarter to 6 p.m. The delay in starting was incidental to pas- sengers and their friends apparently for- getting that the hour of departure is now fixed for 1 p.m., instead of 2 p.m. as formerly. Amongst the passengers who left by the Siam yesterday were the Rev. J. H. Gregory, of St. Kilda; Mr. Richard Blackwood, of Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co.; and Mr. Joseph Clarke, of Toorak. The treasure taken from this port was valued at £91,809, and was made up of 55,235 sovereigns and 9,144oz. of gold. In addition to this, there was the silver, and also the French silver specie, brought from Sydney by the Avoca. A number of horses, 13 in all, were shipped in the Siam for the Bombay Tramway Com- pany. There was a huge number of visitors on board before the Siam sailed. About 90 gentlemen were entertained on Monday night on board the R.M.S. Siam by Mr. F. A. Kendall, the representative in Melbourne of the P. and O. Steamship Com- pany. The object of the entertainment was to inaugurate the commencement of the new fortnightly mail service. Mr. J. B. Patterson, the Postmaster-General, and five other Minsters, were present. A very excellent dinner was served in the saloon by the ser- vants of the company. Mr. Patterson, in replying to the toast of "Her Majesty's Ministers," spoke rather sarcastically of the satisfactory arrangements concluded between the company and the Governments. In the course of his remarks, however, he admitted that the company's was the only tender, and that the Government had no choice but to accept it. The proceedings passed off very pleasantly. We learn the following items of theatrical gossip from our San Francisco correspon dent. Mr. John E. Owens, after a good deal of vacillation, will probably leave for Aus tralia by the January mail Mr. Fred. Lyster ib in Oregon with a company. Captain Jack Crawford; the Indian scout, and a party of Apache Indians, is arranging for a colo nial tour. Hermann, the conjurer, will pro I bably leave for the colonies by the January I mail, under engagement to Mr. Amory Sul livan, who has already proceeded to Aus tralia. r Professor Haselmayer, the well-known " wizard," returned to Melbourne by the B.s. Lusitania on Monday, after an absence of about five years. He appeared last in the Cape Colony, in some parts of which, especially the diamond fields; he was, he Btates, more successful than he has ever been in any other pfert' of the world. At Kim [ berleyhe gave no fewer than 65 entertain ments. . .. When the police vote was under discussion on Tuesday, Mr. Zox called attention to the desirability of some new tactics being adopted to capture the Kellys. And Mr; Story caused some amusement by* proposition to root the Kellys out by " buying up the land on which they .re located. " It was pointed out to Mr. Story tiiat the difficulty is to know where the KaIIvci am lAnafa^ IPKa /!*?-«* w*v iwwivui 1IW UVTUUU1VUV MMJ& DO part in the discission. A return presented to Parliament on Tuesday shows that the number of estates classified tinder the Land Tax Act is 968; that the number of appeals against Bach classifica tions was 256, and that the number of ap peals on which redactions were made was 17h< Tuesday was the hottest day of the season in Melbourne, and from all parts of the country, as well as along the coast, hot north 'Winds were reported. The highest temperature -in the shade recorded at the Observatory was 106"5*deg., and in the sun 148*5 deg. At Euda, on the west coast, the highest temperature in the Bhade on Tuesday was 115 deg., but a change has since taken place there, with a rising barometer, which it may be anticipated will extend along the coast and reach Melbourne before long. More bush fires are reported by our country corre spondents. We are informed by theMerchant Shipping and Underwriters'Association, with reference to the Adelaide telegram reporting the finding on the west coast of the Aus tralian Bight of some wreckage, that the Craigendarroch ship left Adelaide on 6th November, 1878, for London, arriving there safely on February 8th, 1879. She had .pre viously to that been a regular trader between those ports, but she has not since visited these colonies. The Netherlands-India $team -Navigation Company'* steamer Tambora, Captain J. J. de Hart, B.N., which arrived here on the 18th inst, brought two large-Bized monkeys, used in Sumatra for picking cocoanuts from the cocosaut tree, and three Crowngaura pigeons from New Guinea, for our Acclima tisation Societyi as a present from the, Zookgical-gardensatBatavia. A fall .meeting of the Brewers'Club wtp.r fceld©nTuefl4&y; to oonsider the best course to, be pursned with j^gard to, the present excite- ' men^aboutcalonial beer. Themembfcra present expressed theirswith Meesre. JFiudlay aodlSon *nd *&mwu; Fitzgendd an* JP«rrins, an£ resolved po askthe most emi nenjt,$i$ni8ja .flt city to,attend at Cinb rooms on Monday next to oo^filt ^th thebr^yers, with the otueduoj^ preparing somei improved .method for trWth^bottleb, ^ightoii dis Jirt;|&i;: second time on Thursday, 15th Just, sad toratfk&J;'^be IHsfrfairtW# WW 'to M«fc Allen, Ja^MStoedj ^ the mto&yfo; (time guineaBithfc giftoftiie groprietow of the' English, Scottish,3 iskd AtatraHaa Char tered f&nk;, BrighWii)r Mill-street, The competfEfob7 itoa'terji- close; Mrs. Allen winning bj two point* tmlyj Th» judges were Mr. Wm. Woodmason, Malvern ; M*. Wm, Murdoch, Boroondara; and Mr. John M'Bean, Brighton. We learn bj the arrival of gte mail pet Indus, that Mr, A. T. Thomson luur j purchased for otu Natitin*a:G(illery the picture of ''Despair,*' by ^lM ^ ttaith artist Schenke. Theprlce paid lr £1,200. The painting represents A'shee^ Wifoa . dead lamb at its feet, aitd'the carrion chrire aronhd waiting to mkk^ a taeal of it. The picture is considered by good judges to be a very fine one. The American system of carrying pas sengers' luggage is to be adopted on the Victorian railways in future. The' system hitherto in force in the colony is said to havo been very inconvenient,' owing to all the passengers rushing to the guards or porters for their luggage immediately a train arriyes at its destination, and the diffi culty of at once identifying the proper parcels for each passenger. By the new system, the department Will take charge of the luggage when passengers require it, and give a numbered ticket with each package. The package will only be delivered up again on the production of the ticket, and the de partment will not be responsible for any lag gage unless it is delivered np to them and tinted. Another alleged case of poisoning by beer occupied oh Friday at Emerald-hilL The wife of Dri Molloy, residing at the corner of Bank and Cecil streets, was taken very ill in the afternoon and exhibited Bymptoms of poison ing. She had previously partaken of some bottled ale, and the snBpicion arose that the poison must have been contained' in it, and | the remainder of the bottle has been' for* warded to the Government analyst for ex amination. 4 The picnic of the officers and empioyis oi the Post and Telegraph department, held' at ) the Flemington racecourse on Saturday, was attended by between 300 and 400 persons. It proved to be very enjoyable. The Postmaster* General was present. It was mentioned by the deputy postmaster- general, in acknowledging the toast of his health, that ihe business of' the department had quite outgrown :' the accommoda tion' provided at > the central office, and that a new general poet-ofice was urgently required. Steps had been-taken to provide increased accommodation?") D ?:>, A correspondent of&rJFtjjbif; QaacUevrho has recently viBited tiie rBcintH>£ flie wrtck of the Loch Ard in^tflsi, 3|83fk, staiofl that Bince that time various *W i successful attempts havtf^Mn asiMetoTe cover the cargo. The vessel, with ber back broken, Bank in some 50 la&o;?&8of Water, between an immense mass of a detached, portion of cliff and the mam land, with ! sunken rocks on both sides of her. The sea treats in at this point of the coast with ^reat force, and very rarely fa there an interval of calm, so that -the chances of -gelling, any more of the cargo ate very improbable. The Btrip of sand beiach,'nekr Bfr. Gibson's house, is still strewn with the sad memorials of the wreck-wood and iron work- portions of the masts and the rate∨ fittings of the doomed vessel, and occasionally useful and even valuable articles float to that part of the coast. A hat-brash was picked up by the correspondent just above high water mark, in an excellent state of preservation, show* ing that it had not long left the ship. Quite recently Mrs. Gibson received a letter from Miss Carmichael, acknowledging the receipt of a few bads of a flower, that'blooms on, her mother's grave. The young lady so won derfully rescned is Still unmarried and is living with her friends. '? The Melbourne and Suburban Directory,. published by Messrs. Sands and M'DougalL for the current year, has reached us, having been issued with its accustomed punctuality. This highly-useful compilation has now been regularly issued for nearly a quarter of a century, and each year shows an improvement upon the preceding one. Every effort appears to have been made to main* tain the reputation of the directory for accuracy; ? A memorandum from the Post-offiee in forms us that South Australia is now cially announced to-be a contributor to the duplicate cable subsidy, and that the tiext Aden mail to Mauritius waa to leave Aden to-day. : « Samples of the keer tnailft by Bitters. Fitz. gerald and Penins toil br Messn. FintUay and' Co. have beeuja&Mysad;'^rthe Govern* ment analyst,** tt«Hre*iue|tofthebrewers, and found free Mm; deHferiotaa matter. \- Jnt^pTy to »£cntastftn f$oih Mh £ i; SmlthVtyetJhtaf ptbfodtf 'in the As#piiW Hopwobd, &e; rafrsttbthe: A^ricpjtrire, of the experiment fltuiKiee of L 1 * Jrlfot phylloxera in i * ^ Hj&y;" tnvwwr; .Anchor Mills, Paidey and New York, and, .Withtheother two gentlemen mentioned, Hum been Qn a tour through Queens tod. New South Walee, New Zealand, ^nd Tasmania, After visiting Victoria and .South Australia tbey will proceed home by -the R.M.S.S. Indus. An interruption in the telegraph line near Samawatba, 13 miles from Wodonga, coupled with the statement by a railway guard that lie had seen four armed men riding along near the spot, has caused some little excite gnAnt at Benalla. It subsequently transpired that the interruption to the line was caused J>y atelegwphpost being accidentally knocked .down by a crushing-machine, and it is pos sible that the four aimed men were con stables in plain clothes. A The meeting o£ the Victoria Agn ?cultural Society was held at Heidelberg, on the 20th inst. The report of the committee 'Stated that, owing to the bad season, the ex iiibits at the annual show had not been so ?Abundant, nor BO good in quality, whilst the ?attendance of visitors was larger than it had tions had not been equal to last year, the -financial position of the society was ful notwithstanding that the expenses had been increased by an additional show of stock At Whittlesea, and extra ploughing matches At Campbellfield and Morang, which were very successful, the debt of the s ociety had not increased. Several recommendations as -to the future working of the society were made and approved of by the meeting, ana the report was unanimously received and .adopted. The following were elected office bearers Mr. W. M'CulIoch, president; and Messrs. Jno. Daniels and Thomas Harmer, -vice- presidents. Eleven of the retiring mem Iters of committee were re-elected, and Messrs. 'White, John Lithgow, James Black, Thomas Davey, Daniel Macaulay, and James Donald son were the new members elected. Mr. J. S. tJ.m. was re-elected as treasurer,and Messrs. Wingrove and Studley as auditors. The curator of the estates of deceased per 43011B has obtained rules to administer the 'estates of the following:-John Smith (with -will annexed), Portobello, near Edinburgh, Scotland, died September 22,1879, £105; Henri Havers, Upper Maffra, December 6, 1879, £403 7a. 6d.; Jaa. M'Lean Doyle, Elizabeth .atreet, Melbourne, December 13,1879, £545 -2s. 9d.; Eli Taylor Cockburn, Burwood-road, Hawthorn, December 16, 1879, £627 13a. lid. Tuesday was the day appointed for the election of candidates for the free scholar- ships at the Wesley College. There were two vacancies for day pupils, for which there were two nominations, viz., Charles C. Gough and Gowan Ryle Baird, who were elected without opposition. Gough has already been two years in the institution, | and it has been resolved to allow him a third year, & has aIso been resolved to allow John Newton to remain a third year as a free boarder. On Spnday (reports the Hamilton Spec tator) Mr. SUwart'B paddock, on the Muddy, ?Creek xoa^ about two and a half miles from UnmiU/m, -was on fire. The fire consumed nwr}* Kngliah grass which was about 2ft l»i£h in a paddock, and was in dangerous proximity to a large haystack. After consi* . 4erable exertions the fire was put out within About 10ft of the haystack. Late on Mon day night intelligence was brought to town ftlt.hrmgh the flames on Mr. Stewart's farm had been suppressed, a bush-fire had broken out on Mr. Messer'e estate, and another .-perhaps a continuation of the same fire on MurndaL The last mentioned estate was unapproachable from Kedruth, owing to the flanipg; Mr. Trainor made the attempt and failed. The monthly meeting of the County of Bonrke Building Society was held on Wed nesday evening, at the society's office, 81 Col lins-street west; Mr. George Higinbotham, .chairman. The receipts for the .month amounted to £2,939 8s. 7d., and the pay ments to £224178. One hundred and five new shares were issued during the same time. Seven applications for loans were re -ceived and granted. Mr.M'Coll achieved a triumph on Thursday. The Chief Secretary undertook to present, -and accordingly did present, a petition in favour of the grand canal scheme. Oil the motion of Mr. Berry, who explained, how -ever, that he did not commit himself to this particular proposal, the petition was read. 'The number of signatures was stated at " 5,000. Mr. Woods, in reply to Mr. M'Intyre, stated on Thursday that lie is building two 'Carriages, and pot one, for the use of the "Prince of Waiea, should he visit the colony, . nud that he is building the carriages on his -own authority, and not that of Parliament T?ie tender of Emanuel Semper to supply ' . ,a figure ot Justice to be used in the new Law "?Courts has been accepted by the Public t "Works d/spartxpent, the amount being £200. ^bqee tenderera sent in models of the V] -ai^mtects oft&s; buildings approved of Mr. the consideration of a special committee of the council of the University, and if the pror poBal isfedoptedBir Redmond Barry says it will be'hia fiutfr fecarrylt out * The capabilities of the Van.Yean w&ter; supply of Melbourne and the suburbs were severely tested last Tuesday, when upwards of 18,000,000 gallons were consumed. The only failure of the supply iB believed to have been in a part of Essendon, where the water did not appear until evening. The new main through Kew and Hawthorn largely contri buted to this satisfactory result. We learn that Mr. Henri J. Hart, late acting consul for Italy in this city, has re* signed the position of vice-consul for Italy, conferred upon him by the late Consul General Chevalier Luigi MarinuccL A meeting of inhabitants of Sandridge was held at the Royal Mail Hotel on Thursday for the purpose of considering the alleged dis creditable circumstances under which the resignation of the Rev. F. C. Platts, MA, of the incumbency of Sandridge was ob tained. The Rev. Mr. Platts read a letter sent by him to the Right Rev. the Bishop of Melbourne, in which he asserted that the document containing his resignation was obtained from him by chicanery, and that he never tendered it or authorised anyone to send it in. The document, he said, was taken from him at a meeting held on the 31st ult, to which he had carried it for the fulfilment of a compact between himself and the committee of the resignation fund. At that meeting a member of the committee asked him to allow him to read the document, and then retained possession of it. Another member of the committee took a receipt for £605 which was lying before him, and subsequently a sheriff's officer levied upon the sum for which that receipt was given for the costs of an action which took place eight years ago. He con cluded by saying, "I must respectfully ap peal to your lordship to hold an inquiry in Sandridge,and so sift the facts of my complaint before any action be taken upon the autho rity of a document which was dishonestly wrested from me." In reply, the Bishop, through Mr. Morris, acting registrar of the diocese, stated that he had accepted the Rev. Mr. Platts' resignation on the ground men tioned, viz., that his health required his re moval. The Bishop also declared the cure to be vacant, and stated that he would have nothing to do with the proceedings alluded to by Mr. Platts. After some discussion, it I was on Thursday resolved, on the motion of Mr. May, seconded by Mr. Jackson, that a deputation Bhould wait upon the Bishop, to request that Mr. Platts be reinstated in ' a living, and to explain the circumstances under which his resignation was obtained. The motion was carried, and it was also de cided to get up a petition in Sandridge in favour of this course, so as to strengthen the hands of the deputation. A long meeting of the Cabinet was held yesterday afternoon, all the Ministers being present Among the business disposed of was the final revision and approval of the ' proposed lines of the Railway Construction BilL The departmental estimates, however, are not yet complete. The bill will not be laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly until the Estimates have been passed, but it will be presented as soon as that point in the business has been reached. The Fiji Times states that Sir A. H. Gordon estimates the revenue of the colony for 1860 at £81,073, and the expenditure at £75,695, - leaving a surplus of £5,478. It is believed that the receipts for the past year will exceed the expenditure by a small amount It is suggested that a sum of £2,600 should be ap propriated in combating the spread of the coffee-leaf disease. An influential meeting of the committee of the Emerald-hill Constitutional Association was held last evening to receive the report of a sub-committee appointed to communicate with gentlemen named as likely to contest the constituency at the approaching election. Mr. W. Rayson presided. The report stated that letters had been addressed to Sir A Michie, the Hon. Mr. Lorimer, Messrs. J. L. Purves, J. MacBain, Brace Smith, J. White man, and W. F. Walker, asking for an inter view in order to ascertain whether they would be willing to run with Mr. A. Lyell at the next election. Letters had been received from the four first-named gentlemen, intimating that they were not prepared to offer their services to the committee, but the remaining three gentlemen had consented to stand-pledging themselves, however, to retire in favour of the candidate selected by the association, and to do their utmost to secure his return. This announcement was greeted with ap plause, and the report was received and adopted1 A discussion then arose as to whether the meeting was competent to dis cuss the merits of gentlemen whose consent had been obtained, but it was decided that nothing could be done until the sub-com mittee's report had beem submitted to a general meeting of the association. Mr. J.1 Harper proposed, however, that the th^ee candidates should be invited to attend a meeting of the Constitutionalists, and express their political views. Ur. J. E. Bainee seconded (his, and It Was carried; an amendment by Mr. Potter, proposing that the candidates should each address separate meetings, being lost The proceedings closed with a unanimous pledge on the part of those present to vote for the candidate finally scfocteO. Mr. H. T. Clarton, & candidate for South Bourke, met the electors at Dempsey% Boundary Hotel, Nunawading, on Thursday night Mr/Harry A Payne presided. There ww a good attendance. Mr. Clarton ex plained folly Us poudosl views/ an outline of which appears In coining Great interest wp» mstfjppttjptiil ques tion! were put anlatatrerfcl to &Mifapateb;!: satisfaction of the meeting. A tot* pledging the meeting to support Hi, Clarton was put, but at Mr. Clarton's express desire was not ' pressed. Hie meeting gave him a good hearing. , The electric telegraph haa been extended to Waterloo, Gippa Laud, and the office at that place is now available to the public. The annual meeting of the members of the Law Institute of Victoria was held yeBter day, at the institute chambers. Mr. A. P. Blake occupied the chair. The following gentlemen were elected as the office-bearers for the ensuing jrearPresident, Mr. J. M. Davies; vice-president. Hon. R* Ramsay, M.L.A.; treasurer, Mr. Arthur Seddon; honorary secretary, Mr. M. H. Davies; members of council-Hon. R. S. Anderson, M.L.G., and Messrs. A. 8. Malleson, A. P. Blake, J. B. Bennett, T. H. Taylor, F. G. Moule, A. Snowden, Henry Jennings, and G. J. SimB. A branch of the new Liberal Association was formed last night at Matong. The meet ing held for the purpose took place in the Pores ters'-hall, at the Farmers' Hotel, and was well attended. Messrs, Casey, Thompson Moore, and WilliamB, M.L.A.'s, were present by invitation. Mr. Carey spoke at considerable length on the injury which the material interests of the country had suffered during the last two or three years, and called upon the electors to co&Bider; that question seriously, and when the general election came on to vote for men as their representatives who would restore confidence and end the exist ing turmoiL He then pointed out that it was impossible that the Government Reform Bill could ever become law, and that it would be the highest folly to spend other three years fighting over it; The programme of the Liberal Association included reform of the constitution by liberalising the Council in a way that could be carried into law in one month; as also retrenchment of the public expenditure, railway extension, and irrigation. His remarks were frequently applauded. Mr. Thompson Moore attri buted the backward state of the country to titie Berry Government, whose day, how ever, he was happy to say, was now at an end. He and his colleagues were in unison in thinking that it was high time for a change of Government. Mr. Williams showed that the objection to the reform proposed by the association, that it would make the Council stronger, was nonsense, as by the proposition to ad mit the overwhelming majority to the franchise of the country, which would thus result, the majority would then rule in the Upper as well as in the Lower Chamber. A unanimous vote of thnnlrw and of confidence in the representatives of the district was passed, and Mr. Casey returned thanks for the vote on behalf of himself and col leagues. During the past two days Kate Kelly and her sister, Mrs. Skillian, have been seen in Melbourne. The object of their visit is not known, bat it ia stated that their excuse for visiting the metropolis is the desire to secure the presentation to Parliament of a petition praying for the release of their mother, who is now undergoing a sentence of three years' imprisonment for assaulting ConstabterFitz jwtaick, when he -attempted to arrest the 