THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUIt 21IUI1T3, AND ODIi. RBSODBOE8. SANDHURST, THURSDAY, DEC. SO. 1SS0. THE MINISTER OF MINES. THERE can be no doubt that public con fidence in the administration of the Mining Department is very seriously shaken. Even if no complaints were made or no suspicions awakened by the proceedings of the Minis ter, the very fact that he is universally regarded as most untrustworthy in his public and political capacities,' is quite enough to vitally injure the department over which he presides. None can more carefully abstain from harassing the present or any other Ministry than ourselves. Wo are not of those who deem it the proper thing to con demn a Government without qualification, because we cannot entirely agree with their policy. On the contrary in all that they do, which in our judgment is worthy of approval, we give them freely the aid which the ex pression of our good opinion may afford. We think Ministers must admit this them selves, and, at any rate, whether they do or not, we feel called upon just now to state, once for all, that the position we take is one of moderation as regards tho faults and failings and shortcomings of Ministers, always reserving, however, tho right to reprobate such acts of theirs as we may deem to be reprehensible and to freely criticise any measures they may bring forward. As regards the existing Go vernment, we have, from the time of its con struction, strongly objected to the presence in the Cabinet of the lion, member who holds the position of Minister of Mines. How Mr. Berry could have made such a mistake as that of selecting him for the place we have always been at a loss to un derstand. But it was a mistake, and a very serious one too, if only for the reason that allusions are apt to be made to the old saw about" birds of a feather." In other ways, however, the error has made itself apparent. Yery few hon. members in any part of the House find themselves able to consort in . any \yay as statesmen and politicians with Mr. Williams. None, we think, ever consider it' worth their while to speak a good word for him; aud no man who ever entered the As sembly hasstoodin moreneedof friendly assis tance than lie, for as he sits there at tho nether end of the Treasury bench, looking almost as if he occupied tho seat on sufferance, fingers of scorn are pointed at him, and no ' one hesitates to taunt him with having been a double-dyed traitor, und to fix upon him the supremely abominable name of Judas Iscariot. Surely it is not right that such a man should occupy the honorable position of one of Her Majesty's Colonial Ministers. There can be no stronger pr.qof of his unfit ness for the office than the procedure of a number of hon, members, who were promp ted by their detestation and contempt of him, as a political schemer, to vote against the Eaglehawk route to Korang. It is be yond all question that they did do so; and, although a feeble and futile attempt has been made by a local contemporary to secure him credit for the final adoption of tho line, it is very well known that it was strongly en dangered by his advocacy. Wo say nothing of the pats on tho back given to Messrs. Fisher and IvI'Coll. The formor was tolerably consistent throughout, but the latter cannot deny that he v/avpred very considerably, having had something more than " a sneaking regard" for tho Elmore route. Had it not been for the energetic efforts of the members for Sand hurst, Messrs. Burrowc-c and Clark, it is very questionable whether the Eaglehawk line would have been carried. To their in fluence is due, in a very great measure, the successful issue of the controversy over tho rival j;outD3. We are told that both of them worked hard in the matter, and tha-t Mr. Clark, notwitlistauding the vile insinuations thrown out by Mr, Williams, interested himself so warmly that it may be truly said he piloted the line through the Upper House. We mention these things because tho Minister of J lines is deserving of no credit at all, either as regards the line to Korang by Eaglehawk, which he did support, or the line to East Charlton from Inglewood, against which, to the injury of his con stituents, he thought proper to vote. As a Minister he may be set down as a figure of nought, and,- as the representative of an important constituency, as a very mis chievous member of tho House. Aud there, as wo have said, sits that poor meek political creature, unable to defend himself against accusations, which not being dis proved, should be sufficient to cast him head long from his Ministerial pedestal. " No man," said Mr. R. Burrowes, ashort timesince from his place in the Assembly, " has ever dona so much to injure the mining interests of Sandhurst.as the hon. member for Mandu rang, Mr. Williams/' TheMinister of Mines had nothing to reply to this-nothing at any rate that would servo to convince the Housa or the country that Mr. Burrowes had been too severe-and people, of course, draw their own inferences ' from his sheepish silence. Now, it is notorious that he is generally suspected of having been strongly influenced by political motives in tho action taken by him with regard to the Bichard Heales mine, and the suspicion has been strengthened by his conduct towards tho Great Northern Company. We published yesterday-so far as it has been produced-the correspondence which took place between Mr. Craig, the legal manager of the company, and the Min ing Department, No one can reptd it with out .coming to a conclusion very unfavorable to the Minister ; but if he has an explana tion to make ho should make it without delay. Ho is not above making use of the columns of a friendly journal in order to malign an hon. member and political opponent, aud it would be well for him to defend himself through the same or any other medium from the sus picions under -which he is laboring-if he can. THE IRISH LAND LEAGUE PROSECUTIONS.-It will be seen from a Renter's cable message published elsewhere that the trial of Mr. Par nell and the other members of the Land League in Ireland, who were arrested oa tho charge of using seditious language, has commenced- at Dublin, THE Umvkhssity EXAMINATIONS.-The re. suit of the University examinations which were lately held Mere announced 3Testerdny, The , names of the successful candidates from Sand hurst are published in another column. East Loddon .Shihe.-Our travelling reporter says :-It appears that the election of secretary lor the Kaat Loddon Shire, at Lhe last ordinary meeting: was illegal, According to the act aspecial meeting should be called for the transaction or stich business, the object of such meeting to be separately notified to each councillor In order to comply with the law in this respect a special meeting of the council has been called fur i'inlay next, tu ileal with the matter. Tilt INTKKCOUINIAI, OuiCKKT MA'1'UI.-Tho ! match between \ iotoria and jNW South Walerj was concluded yesterday, and resulted, as way expected after tho splendid staml m.ule by the *ew .South Wales players in their second innings in a close contest. Victoria won by two wickets. The New South Wales players finished their second innings for 251 runs, making their total for the two innings 350. The Victorians then went in for their second innings, wanting 121 to win the match, and they succeeded in netting this number with the loss of eight wickets. The highest scorers were Horan, 30; Allan, not out. 3a; and Elliott, 20. A FATAL FALL. -Whilst a carpenter named Adds was engaged in laying down an upstairs floor in the Rainbow Hotel, Hargreaves-street yesterday, about one o'clock, one of the beams broke from his weight, and he fell heavily to the ground, about 10 feet, receiving at the same time a severe blow on the head from a heavy hardwood plank which fell after him. He was rendered insensible, and bled freely from a cut at the back of the head. He was at once placed in a cab and taken to the Bendigo Hospital, where he died soon afterwards. An inquest was held at the hospital by Mr. Strickland in the afternoon. Mrs. Adds deposed that the de- ceased was her husband, and a native of Dork- ing, Surrey, England. His age was 61 years. He left home that morning at 6.30 o'clock for his work in good health and spirits. Witness received a message in the afternoon that her husbaud had met with an accident. Went immediately to the hospital, but upon arrival found he was dead. A bricklayer, named George Marland, who was employed doing some brickwork at the hotel for the deceased, deposed that he and deceased went up to the first floor joists, and he was pointing out the work witness had to do. He was standing on some loose flooring boards placed across the joists, when one of the joists broke, and de- ceased fell through to the ground, about ten feet. A piece of hardwood also struck him on the head. He never spoke, and was at once conveyed to the hospital. Dr. Colquhoun said deceased had a lacerated wound upon the head; there were no other external marks of violence. The cause of death was compression of the brain, the result of a fall or a blow such as described. A verdict of accidental death was returned. The funeral will take place today at four o'clock, and will move from his late residence, Bullock Creek road, to the Kangaroo Flat Cemetery. -MISSING fuom HOME.-Two cases of persons being missing from their homes were reported to the police yesterday. The first was reported by Mrs. Schwiudy, of Happy Valley, opposite w w o ? ea. Hote1' wh0 stated that ller son \\\\. il. Salter, had been away from his home since 4 0 clock 111 the morning. He is described as being 1/ years of age, dark complexion, dark brown curly hair, dark grey eyes. He had on a black cloth coat, with tweed vest and trousers, lhe other case was that of a Mrs. Bradfield: she leit her home in Arnold-street, opposite tile Australian Hotel, at 7 o'clock on the evening of Uesday, aud has not been seen by any of her family ajnee. She ia described as being 45 years of age, live feet oue.or two inches in height, stout build, and was when last seen attired in a black dress, black hat, and ared shaivl. She is reported to have been seen yesterday morning near one of the ponds in the Upper lteserve. The police are doing what they can to tiud out what has become of these persons, aud they will be happy to receive any information respecting either of them. ° FIRE AT CRUSOE.-Yesterday mornin" a de structive fire took place at Crusoe, by which a great portion of tho Reservoir Hotel, kept by Air. W. Ktitz, was destroyed. The fire evi dently originated by a window blind in the dinin" room having been blown by the wind against a lighted, candle, Air, Ivetz was away from home, aud was expected to return late in the evening.^ The servant girl was preparing tea for him in the dining-room, and having occasion to go from tho apartment, was astonished 011 her return thoreto to see the blind in flames. She gave tho alarm, and two young men who were on the premises managed to check the progress of the flames, which wero extin guished before any other damage was done than the burning of a portion of the ceiling the sof-i cover and the table cloth. This occurred at lj o clock. lhe young man remained in the house until one o'clock and believing all to bo secure leit the place. The family then retired to rest, but at about 5 o'clock in the morning Mrs. Ivetz and her daughter were awakened by a large do" of theirs, which scratched at the bed and showed by its actions that something was wron« They arose and on going into that portion^ the house_ constructed of weatherboard saw that it was all in flames. A number of men were quickly on the spot and did all they could, but their elloris were only successful in su vin" the other sido of the house, though they ex perienced great difficulty in doing so. It is sun posed that some of tho fire must hayo been smouldering in the sofa after the first outbreak, and then suddenly burst out. None of the fur uituie in that part of the house was saved, Several nice rooms and a largo assembly room were destroyed. Tho whole of the premises aud furniture aro insured with the Colonial and Mutual Company. The extent of damage done has not yet been estimated, ° " EAJJT LVNNE."-Miss Pomeroy will appear to-night for the ilrat time in drama, and as she has earned a high reputation elsewhere in the character of "Lady Isabella Vane ".it is ex pected she will prove most acceptable on this occasion when the rendering v,-ill be after her own conception. FIRE IN TUB BENEVOLENT ASYIAJM GROUNDS. -Yesterday the grass in the Benevolent Asylum gromnd caught lire, and being long and dry it blazed furiously and spread rapidly. However, the walks prevented it spreading to other plotB than the one which first caught, and on that the flames were extinguished by some of the inmates without doing tany material damage. CITY POLICE COURT.-Yesterday the Mayor aud Mr. Edwards, Js.P., presided at this court. An elderly woman named Elizabeth Denuison was charged with being drunk aud disorderly. She had been au inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, but had left that institution on Monday against Mr. Dorman's wishes. She was fined os, in default 2-i hours' imprisonment. John Barr was charged with unlawfully abseutiuj* himsejf from bis hired service. The case was remanded to tho Jnglewood Police Gourt on I'u'JS'iliy: 4th January. In the fraud summons ?* 'I- TfiagHO V, P, 4- GreLck, the case case, j. Wocjja j,j giye tho was aojourncd for si*. . - *jia mjjgijut;, defencuut an opportunity to pay The cc- urt then adjourned. PUBSIC HOLIDAYS.-Saturday next (New Years Day) aud Monday, 3rd January, will be observed as public holidays in the post and telegraph offices. On both days all post aud telegraph offices will be closed at 10 a.m. The first delivery only by letter carriers will be effected. Mails \yill be received and despatched as usual. Telegraph offices will be opened from 8.30 till 10 a.m,t and from G p.m. till 7 p.rn on the above days. LECTURE.-Mr. S.Carter, evangelist,delivered: au interesting aud instructive address in the lodge room of the Temperance Hall last night, on tho subject of " God's dipcnsational dealiugs with Israel ; the church and the world," illus trated by a chart. Thero was a good audience, who listened attentively as the subject was expounded. It will bo concluded to-nigbt in the same place. GOLDEN-SQUARI? FIRE BRIGADE.-A meeting of the Golden-square Fire Brigade was held last night at the United Kingdom Hotel; Mr. R. Jones in the chair. A large number of names were added to tho committee. Mr. Dickson re ported tho result of his visit to Captaiu Sim mons, which resulted iu the latter refusing to allow the reel to bo used by tho firemen of Golden-square. Mr. J. Bisect was elected treasurer. A number of gentlemen were nomi nated for the brigade. Subscription lists were issued, and large- promises of support were given. The secretary reported a donation of a guinea from Mr. B. Burrowes, M.L.A. ST. JAMES'S HALL.-Owing to counter attrac tions, thero was but little improvement in tho attendance to see this clever little company per forming at this place of amusement last night. The singing and acting of Miss Leaf aud Mr. Harding left little to be desired, while Mr, Barry O'Neill played capitally, and sang his special song with dash and spirit.. The per formance will be repeated to-night. On Friday night Mr. Barry O'Neill will take his benefit. On this occasion he will sing an entirely new Bong, never previously Bung in Australia, en titled " When Noah hung out in the ark." Itia at present all the rage in London. THE WEATHER.-It was intensely hot yester day, the snn's rays being very powerful, there being a lack of any perceptible breeze to temper the heat, The night was fine, with a cool and gentle breeze, which proved extremely grateful after the exhausting heat of the day. MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT.-The Age reports that a very melancholy accident happened on Monday last off Picnic Point, Brighton, result ing in the death of a young man named Frederick Urquhart, living at South Yarra. About half-past seven in the morning, Urqu hart was sailing about the bay. When about a mile and a half off the Point, the deceased for some, purpose got up from his seat, and was about to stand on the gunwale, when the boat gave a sudden lurch, and in an instant he was thrown into the water, and sank. His body has not been recovered, A NUISANCE. -A correspondent writes to us calling tho attention of the Inspector of Nuisances to the offensive state of a drain running from King to Powiing-strect, and facing the property owned by Ifr. Delauey. BURNED TO DEATH. - On Sunday night a swagsniau, named .Robert Sw&usey;, was (the Age states) burned to death ner.r Morang. Be tween eleven and twelve o'clock at night flames were observed to burst forth from the stables, and the storeroom, stables and cart-sheds were totally destroyed. The hotel, owned by Air. James Hall, which svas a wooden building, wa3 saved only by the strenuous exertions of tho residcuts.'. On tho (lames being subdued, tho body of Swatisey was discovered amongst the ili'hrin, and presented a frightful spectacle. How the lire originated is not at present known, but it is presumed tiiat deceased, who slept in the stable, must have been careless in the use of his pipe or with his candle. A man named Mark Cleave was accidentally killed at Shepparton about midnight on Sunday by his horse rolling.over him. RAILWAY PASSES.-The Minister of Railways has (says tho Argus) instituted a close examina tion into the free-pass syslem of the Victorian railways, which seems to have been considerably abused of late years. A thousand passes which have been issued are to be oaucelled. For the future, as regards Exhibition visitors and naval ollicers, free passes will only be issued to one representative of foreign commissions at the Ex hibition, and to the commanding ollicers of war ships. The issue of these passes will also be seriously curtailed in other directions. OCT OF HARNESS.-The Chief Secretary left for Lnrno yesterday, and will remain there until the end of next week. Major Smith also spends his holiday there. Mr. Berry will return in time to start for Sydney on the morning of the l'2th, to attend the Intercolonial Conference. The Victorian party is to be conveyed over the line from Albury, so that the journey will be made altogether by rail, with the exception of the passage of the Murray at Wodonga. Argus. THE GOVERNMENT PRINTER.-Mr. J. Ferres, thoGovernmentPrinter, retires from his position, after 29 years' service, at the beginning of the new year. The Chief Secretary has (says the Argu*) not yet filled the vacancy. The two ollicers next to Mr. Ferres have also passed the superannuation period, and will therefore be passed over, and for the present the office will be left in charge of Mr. Win. Coakley, the senior of tho sub-overseers. A permanent ap pointment will probably be made before Mr. Berry leaves for Sydney. BRUTAL OUTRAGE.-An outrage of a most diabolical character was (the Arguti reports) per petrated in Collingwood about midnight on Christmas Eve. A fellow named George Hug man met a woman named Jane Irwin in Gippa street, and made overtures to her, which were refused. He then caught her by the neck, and dragged her to the back of the Wesleyan Church, where he knocked her down, and with brutal violence ravished , her. Holding an open knife in one hand, he slashed her about the face and body with it, inflicting frightful injuries. Tho cries of the woman attracted the police to the spot, and she was taken to the hospital, where she now lies in a critical condition. The per petrator of the outrage was afterwards arrested, and waa brought before the Collingwood Bench on Tuesday, but as the woman was unable to appear lie was remanded for seven days. EXECUTIVE COUNCIL MEETING.-A meeting of the Executive Council was held on Tuesday. The Supply Bill, the Railway Bill, tho Phyl loxera Bill, the Land Act Continuation Bill, and the other measures passed by Parliament la3t week, were assented to by His Excellency the Governor, with the exception of the bill ap propriating money for water supply purposes. The Argus says that in the hurry of passing this measure it was not revised in the Law offices, and an error crept in which cannot be corrected until Parliament re-assembles. BUSII FIRE AT MARYBOROUGH-News reached Maryborough on Tuesday (the Artjua corre spondent states) of a most disastrous bush-fire, which occurred ou Sunday at Bung Bong, near Avoca. The ilames originated in the Lamplough forest, through a boy burning a log of wood to secure a rabbit, and spread over several miles of country. Great damage has been done to several largo farms. Mr. Christopher Abbott has lost all his grass and fencing, Mr. Milne a standing crop and a quantity of grass, Mr. Jones a homestead and two large stacks of hay, whilst Mr. Miller lo3t all this season's produce. For miles the country is one mass of blackened embers. PARLIAMENTARY INFORMATION.-A statement in reply to the despatch from the Secretary of State asking for information regarding parlia mentary procedure in Victoria was circulated in the Assembly ou Thursday. It had been com piled by the ollicers of the House. The narra tive about tho working in this colony of the " cloture," or "iron hand," is (says the Argun) written with a studied neutrality. The House scarcely kuew what to do with the statement wheu it was circulated, as it was inevitable that if it was discussed it would ler.'i to angry pro ceedings. Ultimately it was agreed that the Chief Secretary should send the document home in a despatch, and thus the House escaped res ponsibility. A return of the sittings between 1S72 and 1S80 shows that the average dura tion of the sittings is a few minutes short of seven hours. In nine sessions the Assembly sat 570 days. The Roman Catholic population in the United States amounts to 0,143,222. There arc 67 archbishops and bishops and one cardinal, 5,989 priests, and 5,000 churches and chapels. There are 400,000 Catholic children in the schools, and 375 charitable institutions exclusively devoted to Catholics. Tho Lord's people are requested to assembles in the Masonic liall this evening to attend the united prayer meeting. The lvev. S. Carter will deliver a second address at the Temperance Hall tliia evening at 7.30. To-morrow night the last service of the year will be held at AH Saints' Church, commencing at a quarter to elefcn o'clock, Messrs. Holmes, White, ivnd Co., will hold an important sale of furniture and effeots at tlio Britannia Hotel, Pall Mall, to-morrow, at two o'clock. We notice from an advertisement in our columns that the name.of the Hon. Sir James McCulloch, K.C.M.Gr., has been added to the list of directors of the Mutual Insurance Society of Victoria (Limited). The appointment has been made to fill the vacancy canse by the retirement of Mr. J. R. Rundell. We have been requested to call attention to the advertisement of Messrs. Carolin and Co. in another column, in which a great reduction is announced in tho pries.of sewing machines needles; and also to the tickets to bo given aw ay by them, which en titles tha holders to a chance gratia to win a piano, value £55, by a public drawing; a rather novel way of getting rid of pianos. - 