\--JE1GHHXG TTTR FLAMES. !Last "Wednesday the beat wa3 intense— almost insufferable—over lOOdeg. in the shade. About 3 p.m. smoke was seen rising in a tiny column from the summit of the One Tree TTfn the highest peak of the watershed, ""between. the Hurdle Creek and 1%J endow Creek tributaries or the King River. Those who saw the sic-»ke rise first state that it was caused by a Sash of lishtcin'-: igniting the leaves of a fallen tree. In leas than half an hoar the fire covered several acres, and be fore the next day dosed it had developed ii one of the grandest bush Sres we have seen in this neighborhood. On Saturday it had extended in all directions along the spurs I of the range, and the selectors of Bobinawar- | rah and the Upper Hurdle Creek worked | with a will to put oat the fire. On Sunday I morning the wind was blowing strongly from the south- east, and on the CobinaTrarrah side of theidU w«-k was impossible, as the smoke and dames were blown right in the faces of the workers. There was "nothing for them to do but clear round their fences and wait till the wind changed. On the Upper Hurdle Creek, however, the wind was altogether in favor of the set tlers. and these men did good work, binding it rather a difficult matter to put out the main fire it was widely decided to " burn a trail " down tLe bed of one of the gullies from the One Tree Hill to the Hurdle Creek. The fire was stopped in its progress towards the settlements on the Upper Hurdle Creek—and not a minute too soon. Many crops there are still uncut, and once the destroying element got into the pad docks nothing earthly could have prevented their entire ruin. "Friday everything was comparatively safe in that direction, and a number of volunteers rode round to the Bohinawarrah side to see if any assistance could be given there. Nothing, however, could be done. The fire had by this time reached the foot of the hills ami was surging in a sea of flame through the wind fallen timber with which thi3 part of the Moyha Common is completely covered. The complete destruction of the holdings in the immediate neighbor hood was deemed inevitable, and the un fortunate selectors helplessly awaited their fate. A few, however, made frenzied effort? here and there to stay the fire and might be seen enveloped in a cloud of smoke and flame beating away for bare life. Sometimes i they would obtain a temporary victory in a j place and get a hundred yards or ao beaten j out, but a burst of wind would come and j send showers of blazing leaves and fragments i of bark far behind them and they would j have to retreat in donble quick time to es cape bring surrounded. All night the fire raged with unabated violence and presented ; a magnificent spectacle, the hills being j lighted up for miles by the conflagration. : When day dawned on Monday the wind had j changed to the opposite quarter, a copious \ dew had fallen, and the greater part of the fire Lad died out. A few men only were : then required to make things secure and the bush fire scare of January, 1SS0, became a thing of the past on Hurdle Creek—at least we hope so.— Wanfjaraitz Dispatch, Jan. 3Ist_ The immense bush fire that was seen to \- be burning on the 23th uit. in the direction of Stroanj did a large amount of destruction (writes a Coleraine correspondent}, and is the largest that has occurred in the district for some years. At Straan it was with con siderable difficulty that the homestead was eared, as it caught fire several times, and the wood heap was burned, and some 13,000 sheep, which were also with great difficulty saved, are left almost without a blade of grass, the whole of the run, with a small exception, bring burned. The fire proceeded ©a to Tahara,- where also several thousand acres of grass were burned. A horse belong ing to the Scruan estate was killed whilst . bring ridden to the different portions of the fire, which finally proceeded on to near Merino, burning the whole of the country on its way. - The bush-fires (writes the. P. <£ JSTettv} seem as though they would sweep the whole of the Black Ranges,and are slowly working .their way along. Baring the day a dense cloud of smcke rises from the hills, but at night they are brilliant with the zigzag fines which show where the fiames have reached. - 