NOTES FROM YORK. BY PETER SIMPLE. Since my last we have been nearly scorched to death. The heat has been something terrific in its intensity ; large bush-fires raging in every di- rection, while our picturesque little town, en- veloped in smoke, has forcibly reminded one of a beautiful lake on a foggy morning. Happily as yet no serious harm has been done by these de- vastating pests of the summer. The result of our election has put the right man in the right place, and I venture to say given general satisfaction. Even the most ram- pant Radical among us must feel bound to admit that the return of Mr. Hamersley is an undeni- able proof that the district is unmistakably against a change in our constitution, especially when we consider that the electors, by virtue of the ballot, were enabled to record a conscientious vote, either for or against the change. The ar- rangements at the Court House were complete, and no one can gainsay the fact that the voting was secrecy in its integrity. Apropos to the question of elections I may here note that Mr. Steere's defeat is felt in this dis- trict to be a national loss ; no unbiassed person who has closely watched Mr. Steere's carreer as a political man can say otherwise, because in him the House has always possessed a truly honest, independent English gentleman, of ability, means and sterling worth, that would do credit to the House of Commons, much less to our miniature parliament ; and I, in common with many others, deplore most deeply his loss to the Couucil at so critical an epoch in our history. It is not too much to say that any other seat in the Legisla- ture would have been a far less loss to the co- lony than is that of Mr. Steere. The current week has been one of weddings. Yesterday Mr. Harold Brockman carried off as his happy bride Miss Emma Meares, only daugh- ter of the late W. Meares Esq. ; much to the regret of all who knew and esteemed her—not but that her lot is cast in pleasant places but be- cause a niche not easily filled up is left vacant. To-day another happy couple—not in the walks of the ' upper ten '—but none the less happy for that —have been paying their vows at the hyme- neal altar. I wish both couples long life and many blessings. I wonder what the "further comment" of this week in the leader of your York contemporary will be. Your readers will not forget that the leader of last week wound up with the signifi- cant words—" Pending the result of the polling, we must defer further comment till our next is- sue, when, as advocates for constitutional re- form, we hope to be able to congratulate Mr. Hardey as the successful candidate." How cruel to have one's hopes so ruthlessly cast to the winds ! May this instance have the salutary effect of bringing the editor to see the folly of grasping at a shadow and losing the substance. The royal mail still gives general satisfaction, both as regards the delivery of the mails and the accommodation afforded to passengers. Of course there are very few who cannot see anything good in the present Administration, or if they do, are not honest enough to admit it ; and from these, to be sure, you would get an adverse verdict. Wheat is ruling at low prices, and farmers are now convinced that something more than pro- tection is required to ensure a firm and steady market for their produce. Feb. 19th, 1880. 