No case; abase. the other eide. This was the state of aBairs in the hall of the Mechanics 1 Institute last Friday evening. Messrs CAMPBELL aud FINLATSON had nothing new to tell the electors; BO programme to lay before the meeting. All they conld do was " elate" the Minigtry; repeat the dirty elanden -which have appeared in the Opposition prints for die last eighteen months or two years; and de nounceMrBEEETand his colleagues asacaree to the commonity. We take it that when new men seek to represent the electors, they ehonld be prepared to show how much better they conld manage matters than those they would dispossess of their seats. Otherwise, there can tie no reason in their candidature. Bnt Messrs CAMPBELL and FLKLATSON were qoite domb as far as any reference of this kind was concerned, and left It all to the imagination of their hearers. Of a verity, never did anything more vacant emanate from a political platform, or was a more pltifnl picture of bad taste or incapacity presented. For what was the bill of fare given in the haU of the Mechanics' Institute last Fridayevening for the audience to digest? Not anything that would open op new thought for the future; but Black Wednesday, the historical sixpence, the Captain VoLTJM incident, WOODS' brake, free telegrams to the Liberal papers, the alleged lose on the loan, Ministerial patronage ~on behalf of supporters and relatives, the assumed deficit; and Hie increased expenditure eince the BEBBY Government took office. Now, -there la net a single opening for the Ministry to be attacked on any one oF thsse scores; and if "Messrs CAMPBELL and FrtfLATeoif knew the particulars of these incidents aa well as they OHght to do by this time, they would feel heartily ashamed of their remarks last Friday. But they have inspired themselves from the columns of the Opposition press; and thus they have not only made themselves look very foolish, bnt they have also Item guilty of a gross injustice. Taking the charges of these candidates against "the Ministry in the order they appear, every man who was dismissed on Blac& Wednesday, except two, who declined for ulterior pniposesj .received one month's pay for every year's .service. In no other groove of life would the same liberality be shown, when a dismimwl lakes place • and, therefore, where the hardship comes in in this , caw is more than any-'sane 7 man can discover. The historical sixpence has yet to be explained; and It will be .well f « thoee. whb rail against the Minis by to wait.events -before pitching, into the MMstiy on this basis. ~ .The Gaptain VOLUII incident arose in tins'way.. It fras intended to remove the duty on «uch machinery as Captain VOLUH importedfbiit that intention was not carried out when the machinery arrived. It was (imply,-then, a bond 4mtil the. duty was. removed, ior be taken xmt with a' promise that when tbe dorty waa. removed the' amount paid ehonld be reFanded. TheJatter altem^ive Was resorted to, in order that tim starting of a new indostty should not. be -ddayed ; and that tiiere -was nothing at all wrong in thia ibcSdsnt is testiEed to by the fact that it had the support of Mr RAMSAY and other members of the Opposition. Mr WOODS' brake forms one at the most contemptible attarkn upon a Government which ever occnnad, eeeiiigljiffl patent to the Ytctorun Government without chargit^onesmglefartlungforthe privilege thus bestowed. Andthe valne of the gift Is shown by -tl» fact that stationa ewn adw be opened on inclines, which had to be kept riosed brfore ; that jime is 'jnved in I£B luiiijii^ of the trains—no less than fadf an ^S^nvsdbetii^BBnai^^Mdl*wnte—and that It ia computed that, when the trains are snppliedvnth this brakB, asavingoff20,000 a-year will be effected by the department That a Minister should be attacked fen- making such a splendid gift to the State as this, is certainly a mean trick, and ope which for downright audacity and ingratitude conld not be equalled. The free telegrams, all told, did not exceed seven or eight; and they were given to the Age because the MKJULLOCH Government habitually kept Information from that jonrnaL They weie really worth little or nothing; and no other Opposition press would have iven a second thonght to the occurrence, f here is not a Government in any part of Enrope that does not do the same thing continually; whereas the present Government only did it in some seven or eight cases. To call corruption, is certainly a very wild flight of the imagination, which is intensified by the fact that when the Liberal papers were being neglected by the MCULLOCH Government none on the Conservative side could see anything wrong in the proceeding. The absence of legislation, is Bofely due to the tactics of the Opposition aad the rats; for the Government had over 's dozen bills of the utmost importance drafted and ready to lay before the Honse when the prorogation took place. But it was evident the Opposition and the rats , were determined that no business should be done; and this is the only reason why these bills—which, by the way, included one for mining on private property—were not tabled. Bnt the two years and seven months of power winch the BERBY Government has had, have been by so means deficient of legislation, seeing that .over seventy bills have been pasted by Parliament since Mr BEBBT and Ma colleagues took office. Bat of all the charges brought against the Government, the last four mentioned above are nnqnestionably the very weakest. The price obtained by Mr BEBBT for the loan was in excess of that expected 'by the banks; and everybody is London thought the Premier bad done a smart thing over that transaction. It is trae the New South Wales loan wentoff better afterwards But that was wholly due to the improved state bf the money market, for which Mr BEBBT is no more responsible than he Is for Hie appearance of the present comet. We unhesitatingly assert that if any Conservative financier had been in office at the time inferior terms would have been got, because he would have allowed the banks to dictate the minimum; and everybody knows that the published minimum regulates the prices of the tenders. Mr BEBBY would not agreeto this act; and hence, instead of losing money, he actually made a great deal for the colony by MB determination. The Ministerial patronage, to members' sisters, cousins, and aunts, comes down to tins— that all told, there are not seven Ministerial relatives in the Civil Service. That is an average of one s-piece, and for patronage of this kind, this small average could scarcely be lessened. As to the deficit, it was accounted for by Mr Dow, at SL Arnaud, very clearly last Friday. In the first place, the Government remitted £100,000 in taxation; in the second place, it paid £60,000 compensation to dismissed dvfl servants; in the third place, it spent £242,000 more last year on public works than any of its predecessors, and thus gave extra employment to labor; and in the fourth place, it has sold £105,000 less of the pnblic lands than usual. This is how the deficit has been caused.; and it redounds to the Ministry's honor. Bnt there is every probability of the defidtt growing" small by degrees and beautifully less, because the revenue is now largely increasing. As to the increased expenditure, die interest on the new loan has to be met; as the.railways, post office, and edncation demands increase, the outlay is bound to increase on all of them; and every year the expenditure has increased, and iB bound to increase as the w ants of the State expand by the Increase^ of population. This has occurred with every Ministry; and it is bound to go on to the end of the chapter. But the Ministry has kept the increase down by £60,00C a year; that being the amount which Mr BEBBY and his colleagues have saved by the redactions which they have carried out ih the Civil Service. Here, then, are the_ replies—necessarily very briefly put owing to the space available—to the contemptible charges made by Messrs CAMP- BELL and FIKLAYSOH last Friday evening against the Government; and they ought to make those candidates thoroughly ashamed of the remarks which they indulged in on the occasion. But we suppose they had nothing to Bay for themselves, and therefore adopted the lawyers' alternative of abusing the other side. This may be a smart piece of practice, but to onr way of thinking it is not creditable to Messrs CAMPBELL and FlNLAYSON. Neither is it the sort of thing which the electors had a right to expect when those candidates took to the platform with a hope of defeating their Liberal opponents. There is Dot the slightest fear, however, that tactics of thiB kind will succeed; or that any danger besets the three old members. Nevertheless, we are bound to expose misrepresentations whenever they appear; and greater misrepresentations than were indulged in in the Mechanics' Institute last Friday evening have rarely demanded our attention. The speeches, as we have said, were merely a re-hash of the slanders which have appeared ia the Opposition papers nearly every day for the last twelve or eighteen "months. This is the gist of the whole case; and, therefore, the more closely Messrs CAMPBELL and FrtTLAYBON's speeches are read, the less they redound to their credit or advantage.' THE mining share market last week continued ia a sound-condition, and notwithstanding a few slight fl actuations inseparable from a large and rapid business there/was a stronger tendency at the close then at. the opening. Of course the Township stocks were again the principal attraction, and there wae a steady demand both locally asd from Melbonroe, the yields from those mines opened up having created the wellmerited confidence of investors. The Washington Company's yield of 500 oz of gold from 200 tons of quartz was undoubtedly the most pleasing incident of the week, and is further proof of the wealth which only requires capital for its development. Shares In the Washington mine commenced the week with sales at 48s and afterwards touched 51s on Saturday morning, bot the hasdsome, and, to some extent, unexpected, yield at ooce sent the price to 80s outside market hours. In connection with this company, we may mention that Blthough bnt 2s 3d per share has been called up, and the company has only been in existence abotit six months, the directors expect to be in a position next week to declare the first dividend of 2s or 2s 6dper share. The discovery of golden quartz in the Smith's United had • matted effect upon that stock. Starting at l2«, than was a sodden drop to 9s 6d, bnt shares recovered to lls 6d on Saturday fflWning, and before evening 19a was Riven whan His good Mine was struck. and Albion Consols. opened the we& with ades at 88s, advanced to 90s, but then receded to 81s, recovering again to 84s 6d at the dose erf business. There were also a few changes, in the valne of New Koh-i-Noor from 84s 6d to 43 s, and then to 35s. {No. 2 Band of Hope went from 12s to 14s 6d on the strength of a report that gold had been seen in the qaartz at the mine, but 1 Is Sd would have purchased them afterwards. There was a large number of transactions in Buna Burrs shares at between 4s 9ct and 5s Sd, from a belief that the Washing-ton run of stone frill be found in the No. 2 shaft, and, indeed, the excellent results from all the mines along that line caused a generally firm business at very slight, deviations throughout A flutter took place in City of Baliarat shares on news bong received that the drive had broken through into a changed country, showing a better wash; and the eagerness with- which a few buyers csme forward indicated the interest shown in the future - of this company; the consequent advance was from J7s to 22s, but the higher prioe. was -not sustained, the last sale having been made at 18s. The business in Kingston stocks was limited to Dyke's, De Murska, Dyke's North-West and Madame Berry, the only difference in price of any consequence being shown in the latter, which receded bom 42s to 89«. Dunolly mines received very little attention during the .week, and from some canse not understood, Queen's Birthday fell back from £11 15s to £l0 10s, while North Birthday showed a difference on the -week between 30s 6d and 28s. There was, however,' a slightly-better feeling for Sydenham at the dose of the week, and shares sold . np . to 4s 6d in moderatessized parcels. Sultan receded from £5 15s to £5 I0s, Black Horse from 71s to 64s, and Egertori from 52s to 48s. Pleasant Greek mines received rather more attention than usual, Newington andMagdala having, a firmer tendency towards the close of the week, but Prince Patrick wore very , weak at Is 63 sellers. In Beaufort stocks, South Defiance and Beaufort mere most fancied, the former having advanced from "10s 3d to lis 63,: while the 'latter remained pretty steady. Other marketable stocks showed little deviation from opening prices. From the reports In another column it will be observed that the yields keep fully .up to the previous averages, while progressive work is proceeding vigorously in all parts of the district. The ^following dividends have been declared daring the week:—De Moists, 2s- Band and Albion Consols, 2s Sd; Bistori, 2s fid ; Mazeppa, £6 15s; New Dimoc£'s, £1. B*ad laid AiWan Oaasde Baud ot cope. Wattle Hat BUck Horse Oarn- City of Outtabtny _ De Marat*.. Dachjss Dyke's., Egertan Goldbroak -;-. Golden Age, Browzu HobartPasba Xottair, Merappl „...._.„. New VictorU. New Enrefca New ATistralaJsim.......... Boform I&cecoBise; Trunk .Lead Dnion „.„_ Washington Banfl of Hope Quartz Guiding SUr_ Qutenu North Birthday™ Now North Clones New Eimock'4 Parker's United Queen's Birthday....,,., Queen . Soltan......... South Clnnfl£«....... Sydenham Temperanc3 United Black mil,, Yorkshire Imperial (three weeks) .. l«wriel« Freehold (25 tons) Union 295 IS 0 184 0 0 40 0 0 28 17 12 105 IS 0 46 14 21 94 8 0 180 10 0 ISS O 0 74 0 0 43 10 0 S0~ 4 -0 78 17 6 24 10 0 126 16 0 U8 IT 0 £80 13 0 No rstorn 92 7 0 145 0 0 SO 0 0 500 0 0 Last Fortnight. 176 3 0 86 0 0 64 1 0 243 5 0 198 0 0 £2 14 0 118 8 0 160 5 0 208 0 0 No return 59 11 0 94 0 0 277 18 0 Week Before. W dvt gr 289 IS 0 10 10 n 139 0 0 24 14 12 109 10 0 11 « e 122 8 0 183 5 0 83 17 0 6 7 0 86 11 0 « 6 0 63 18 0 172 1 O 195 19 0 277 8 0 6110 « 95 0 0 183 0 0 324 0 0 Fortnight Before. 4S 3 235 4 176 0 59 0 24 O 83 13 123 18 .229 0 621 15 124 10 67 10 23 12 116 0 By telegram last evening, ire leant thai tin general election has beea definitely fixed for (Saturday, 28th iTebroary. At about three o'clock cm Saturday afternoon the city fire-bell rang oal an alum of fire, erased by a volume Of fire and em*! in the direction qj th» Oittlo-yards. A comber of thB city firemen were soon on their my, wfth«ngtne anlhose-reel, to the aoene of the. fire, -which m found to b® ID Mr IWcmor's yiddock; three stacks rfhmy containing atwu 206 tons, a stack of peas, and two stacks of com being all abhra. The firemen,by pumping water from a dam near by. attempted to Espptess the fire,but the flames tad gat snoh hdd that their exertions wen randerea fntila. and the stacks wen entirety destroyed. The damage is estimated at ibubt £1500 and Hr Brajsenorisosly oovend by insurance to the extent of £200. Ho came can be assigned for the origin ot the fire. A detachment Ot the Baliarat East fireman was also present, and the members of both brigades worksd most energe(icaliy. A •esmpany of ten city firemen nmaicei on the ground thronghont the whole of Saturday night and yesterday, and did not leave tmta last evening, tmtil the smouldering stacks were pot oat. Mr Brasenor appreciated their heroic efforts by entertaining them in the best p»» sible manner. - A woman named Mrs Cox, tedding in BaUaiat East, was fonnd dead on Sunday morning, on the claim of the Countess Company. Victoria street. Tbe poll06 were cranmnicated with, and took p^seesslon of the body. A pott marten elimination was mule by Pr Pncc;, who oertjfied that death had resolrel from serosa e&isi;'jn on the bain the result of injuries. An iaqnest will be held to-day. Messrs EiJiardsozL, Eaicsbnry, tai Taylor addressed a wall-attended meeting of the electors at the Ofeswiok town hall on Saturday night. The three gentleman received a vnry favjrxble heari-ig, ftnd at the close received a •ate of eenfiienoe. • A detried report of the meeting mpp sarj elsswhere Mr D. trophy annoonoee in onr ailvertisinR colamns that If* -will bs a caniiilate for re-election for Baliarat East, and that fn a few days he wiU hold • mooting for the purpose of giving an aocoont cf his s!evanish!;. Mr /. Graber has definiiely decided to stand the' "fit and proper" test of comjettacy for running for the ekctorata or Baliarat East prcmnlgatea ty thi leagues cf that canstftaency. -He accordingly signed the Eeos&sary; agreement on Satarday night laet An. elector of the East Bays that he has received a telegram, or inspiraUim, or something from the spirit world, and that it eaid-iriefly—.*' -The placards wiU cot to be •Vote for James and Graber." A meetingof the executive committee of the GTBD ville Seform Iieagnea was held on Saturday lasL at Fnssell's hotel, Baliarat, wfath the plan ot the cam - paign far the fast-coming general election was arrange*, and It was decided that- the league candidates (Messrs D. M. Da vies and a. Yonng) fhonld open the ball at Enninyang an Thursday next, 12th instant. It was also decided that them should lie a nulled delegates' meeting at Unton on the 19 hisstast. After consideriog some roctine buii»BS. the meeting closed. Hessrs Davids rod Toung addressed a large meeting of the Reform Leagne on Fridaynight last at Staffordshire Beef: Mr Eavies went very minntely and at gnat lesgth IITO the qnestion of I eform, and qnated some el tbe highest anthoti&s; at home in favor ot thi principle contained In the clause, vis, that the Husoes of the country *h:-nbein the hands of the people and their representatives |Ir Toting spoke in mlrgfstle terms of viiat Mr Davies had done for the district, hoped ff returned he would, »fter three yeare' trial, be aHe to give each a go:,d accocnt of his stewardship. He thim dealt with the Education. Kining on fiivate Property, and ntber enbj^cts. Both gentlemen were moit enthcdasdaally receiv«d Tbe gentlemen ptestot—ahoot sixty in cumber—r»- Bolved themselves fnto a oommitiee to secme the re- ; tom dl the two gentlemen addrssaed thuni and tin I eneral feeling expressed was that if all parts of the i istrict were as fav aa SUffordAire Beef and risrxisga, tS^ wonld Hoc The Lenten pastoral .was read yoatarday at Bt. Patriii's Oathedrdby tbe Sev. Fmhv JSany. 5 bo '-Mi. ia raforriog to OatboHo adpraBen. aayaj— deoHons are sow at iond, aaft.lt /srtB b^ ypnt doty to mrmidw aaadnfimd; how yon on^t to **>l>e It jfunetfmw fa a matter of. jfflBewtyte detaSmay prorslts n8n^rtyseSlrtJ'nnai&rity; ofaeSfotB. ~ •ofhererer yott re^eaiaitillras.faibm- WT MNN IMIN ~»JIU BIS TMNEDSIL for tboaeqoali- Hm In their prtrate and bwfaass caparfaeg. If they atand not *di.fn tbna nhtbnis of lib.it is not to be judgment as to the fitness ci those candidates to continue to represent yon, whef have been already in Parliament, you will in many inatacces be helped to yonr oonclojrfon by considering their antecedents. Above all. be on yonr guard against these Gatbol'o candidates who are afraid to avow thatr principles— who, on the contrary, publicly proclaim that they wiD do nothing to remove the Catholic ednoational grisvances if thev bff retnrasd to Parliament. The sovereign Pontiffs hevs condemn sd cnoh systems of pafaKa instrnotlon as Avtnoe relgioa from tha ednoaticn of youth. How. then, oan any Catholic say a system which {a condemned by the head of the church as bad, is yet in his opinion good, and ought to be accepted? It would be better for yon to be represented by the greatest bigot in tbe country than by a Oathelie who is either asbaaedor afraid ©f his prinpjea And the reason fe-^ftBttsneh a Oathidis vonld be a scandal to his eo-reiigionists, some of whom, hifloenoed by his bad" example, might be iBdasedtofamtatehim; andseesndfy, each nun, being regarded as npresenting the fellngs and convictions of OatboBcs.are the occasion of tih»poUio and Parrnment being deoeivod as to oar real wants and Wishes." ! • • ; • The Iiord Bishop of Melbourne, whole rigt now at BaHumt, and tbe guest of the Kev. a S. Mercer, peached at et. John's CJhurch, Soldiers' KB, yesterday morning, to a very la^ge congregation. Betook aahfs text the fifth verse of the seoond cisptOT bf Philippians—" Let this mind be in yon which was also in Christ Jesas" Upon this ksopDy selected text his lordship delivered a brilliantSisootiree, enchaining, by his vigorous and powerful Un attention oi his large congregation. In: tiA evening Dr Moorhocsa again preached, and on this oooasion the church was even better filled than in the meanihg, notwithstanding the exceeding dbsenssa of ™ atmosphere, and such, excellent ammgexents had the genttesns connected with the church made, that good aocommodation, considering the crowded state cf the fcnilding, was provided tax -all. who same.. The pews were crammed, and .seats improvised for the occasion, and placed along tbe aisles, sad. at every other avtaBaMe space, ware aU taken up. The tMci Bigbofr took as his text the 30th verse of the 2nd chapter of Bt Lukes Gospel—",S>or mine ryes have eemi Thy salvation" Tbe rsennoa was perhaps the most finished-discourse that has been beard in Baliarat fo along fime,and so powerful merethe praaohar'aargDments that those who heard them were constrained to cry with Agrippa—Almost thorn persnadest me to be a Christian." In file eloquence of the speaker, the atmnspherio disoemforta were forgotten, and when b» cioeed his nation; it was a anrprise to mort present that he had been speaking for comparatively bo long atme His lordship was.assisted in rendering-the eervioe by the incumbent, the Kev. B. 3. Mercrr. The oolleodpns tor the^ay amounted to £15 9s, and' it is remarkable that at each eervioe exactly half that amount was given. A lowering sky-and enlby atmosphere yesterday afternoon had eoch an exhausting effect apan tbs pnblic generally that very little of it was to be seen at' the Lxko acd Gardens,, or .At the Otmg Gong- Towards evening, however, as the temperature cooled, hundreds fonnd 'heir way to tbe lake and seized opportunities of taking a trip in one or other of the' numerous steamboats upon it, Bo much did the gentle public pant for air cooler and more refreshing than was to be fonnd in tbe streets or bouses, that even after ohnrch a very large contingent of natural refreshment seekers went to that all theafternoon had besncmying nunioaKy light loads, were packed np QU Marty ten o'clock, and till after nine the whistle & the steamers hurrying up loitering passengers waqg to be heard. What tin people of this place wonld do^iihont their lake 119W they have become eo used to Its pleasure-giving properties, is a problem we pass. Oar-reporter suggested yes'erday, dnring the hottest hours, to a large-sized, hotiacad gentleman.pan ting beside the iakefountain. that it was possible that the lata might dry np if there was a long summer The large- sized, hot-i»c:d gentleman rapidly became excited, and remarked in VB7y forcible lasgsagelhsl if our reporter said snch' a thing to Mm again, be might conn! upon the large-sized, &3>, gentleman's nndying and active enmity. AhealthylooUag blndjreEn tbe choleric one carried was flourished (notwithstanding the heat of the day) so vigorously that our reporter decided to make a longdeferred call npon a siok friend. And hs made it. The weather, hewevsr, was not too enpressira for some hundreds of peeple to assemble sit the Eastern Oval, where as "cpm air"—it might be called a "hot wind**—service was held by a band of enthusiastic gentlemen. - • The monthly meeting of the Carugham Beform League was held on Saturday evening last at Bail's Greyhound -hotel, £nake Valley, Carogham; Mr O. H. Howitt, president, fn the chair and over seventy members present. ' After the' enrolment of' several new members, the president called on Mr Alexander Young, ore of the candidates who is selected to run in the Libaral interest, and who was present by invitation, to address the meeting. Mr Young expressed the pleasure he feltat being invited to address • the members of the league, and complimented them on the energy and perseverance which marked the actions of the Cerngham branch..'. He apologised for the absenoe of Mr O. M. Davies, who would have been present, but wa> suffering from prostration from the weather, and could not come. Mr Young then briefly referred to the leading questions before the conntiy, dwelling more particularly on the efforts made by the present Administration wi-h referenceto the Beform of the Constitution, staling that be was prepared to give the Ministry as earnest support in their endeavors togetabH! passed for that purpose, believing the plebiscite, with the celebrated 6th clause, wonS give that finalityof legislation which is so much desired by the majority of the people of the colony. Mr Young fini hed an earnest address, and. sat down amidst much chesting. Mr Bawkin moved a cordial vote of thanks to Mr Young for his clear and manly statements with reference to the leading questions. The motion was seconded hy Mr Balse ably, supported by Mr A. H'Donell and carried unanimously. The meeting then fonned themselves into a committee to secure the return of ttr D. M. Davies and Mr Young. A singular cave of the malformation of " the human form divine" cuae tinder the notioe of the honorary eurgoons <3 tbe Hospital one day last week. A woman from a country distnot brought into the institution a young male child, about fourteen days old, and apparently healthy, if the'doctor conhfdoBnythicg to it" On the examination of the in'ant, it was Been that it bad no thighs xa knees. Feet it possessed, and portions ot legs np te doss below the knee joints, but at what would generally be called the calves of the legs they were jofaed on to the body. In all other respects the child was apparently perfectly-developed and healthy.; The doctor, could do nothing to it to •set it right; and it is hardly possible that avy artificial contrivance can be male to eupply the dsfeei. Tbe hot weather has : heen producing its ueuil effects in the matterof bush-fires, which ars frequent, though their extent and ravages are nothing when compared with tbe dreadful conflagrations which last summer occurred so often. On Friday night and Saturday morning then were discernible from Lear-' month the . Emoke and haze as of a very large fire barning on the'Bprings side of Enaldouse. Dp to a late hour last night there ware no particulars to hand of tbe exact whereabouts and extent of the fire; bnt, as seen from Learmmlh, it must have been extensive and of long oontinuauca. People travelling now, when every blade of .grass is like tinder, cannot be too careful how they dispose of matches and other easily ignitahle matter. The hint may also be taken by 8m3fcerH who may light their pipes when on grassoovered land in and aroond the town,'as a little cars may prevent great loss. . , , At the meetingof the oammlttee of the Agricultural and Partoral Society was noofred bom the Melbourne ExtaiMttoa committee, statirg that it wa» desirable that a collection of cnnlgaodcther agricultural produoe should be exhibited at the Melbourne International Exhibition, and suggesting that mulsures should bs taken during the harve to preserve for exhibition samples-of wheat, barley,cafs,millet rye.maize,4c.,erowninthedistricts of Victoria Thecom mitteadetermined tonotify farmers of the above, and to request tliem to seed samples of their prodaoe to the store of Mr Geo Smith, where a committee, consisting il Messrs Jones. Geo. Smith, fiaird, and Gnnn wi l meet on the 21st instant,and select tbe eamplee. The movement is a very good ;ons, and we recommend it to tbe attention of the farmers of the district Anyone curious to get an idea of the extent and dtp% of the Iwsip of lake Learmonth has nowan excellent opportunity of doing eo/as the c^otinaed dry weather has caused neariy aU the 'water it contained tbevaporate. ahd ths lake Can bed ~be described as a b-d of ooee. . instead - of miles of rippling water dancing 1 yously under tbe influence cf a snmmer breeze and gBttening like light shafts in the glow of a golden son, a long black sire ch of snllsn mud greets tbe rye of him that leaks ont npon cr for Lake i-earmooth. The deeper portion of the basia isfillel with water thick with muddy impurity and hot with the snmrner heat Cattle can hardly erink ci it, and only fiih .of stronger growth aid grea er endurance manage in it to lire—parboiled ana almost ready for dishfngnp. Tbe u oal for'nightly meeting, of the Yoncg Hen's Ohristtan AssoaaUtm was heH. in fin Town Mission Hall on.Thursday evening. Mr fiebo oocopied the ch«ir. A. very espyable evening was t-peot. Beadings, were given by some of themoabeis. HrI reading, ' Landlord's money;" Mr Barnard, recitation " Jjetvirtoe be your aim;" Mr Polkenh-jrae, recltati.^i, " Napoleon's death at St- "Helenaaddress by Mr CeK>; address by Mr Hopkins, ssbject Prayeri Mr Oariine. reoitxtion, -*T«-day and to-momnr"—' after which several of the msmters commented unjn the style is which the reedtationaasd readings were rendered . It is. hoped that all the members who can make it convenient . to attend the next fortrnghtly meeticg will do so, as the bnsfness to.be conbidcred at the meetingis important.' ' The eoamn ttee -of ths JMsh Famine Belief Fund metal the C?lty Hall on Saturday evoninj?. A letter was read fr m the mayor of Uelbource, acknoiriedging receipt ef ilOfQ from Wlarat on aceonnt. which he states maies a total of £15^9* cmt fromTKtorla' to date After transacting other bnsineM, and rer ceirfcg ooUertins It was resolved to publish ths list tartbii di«trict,which amounts to £12021!N 7& to *H noshed up to date. The list.w)B be seen la another enlimrn 1 'Xhere we sevenl amounts ysttoco^elB fromvanoosconntiyaistricta. A bar of grid weighing 4»oe was eadibtted b 'Hr Etoddarfa window, JUeMJBxchaajga,oriBatnrday, beiiK ti>esplandid restflt bos 90 tons ot quartz from Os Onion Company's mluat Amhersl • The~ttfth event tar thsrOrr-trophy-was coetasted at the lake on Satnrda* kftern'ooa—the :Beportu, Tlctorfa, AdiievsineDt, Tftda, Vagabond, and albdl being ths •be is now « w yfttr t—a.l -t^ •rai1H1iiut%(a ths'day waions ^•MraihMtanilb of ber crew could be betbc ahown than tat %in tanUag Ths %4&dwasllght; and praHy, the fleet b beoalmai.aiid the downs* ofthezaoevll beU seen on glancing at the tinm of the pboed boats. The Albert showed at times foil by good pace, howeTer, and always cleared, and finally drew away from tbe Vsgabocd, which also strfTsred from want of the breeze. The race was almost a gift to Oa Beporter, wHeh esemed te cany the wind along with her, and she was never touched from the outset. The Beporter, Victoria, and Achievement in that order wera-tbr placed boats. The following were thafr times:—Beporter, Sh35m; Victoria, 2h 18m SOi; Achievement, 2k llm 43s. The scoring now stands as follows":—Bspsxter. 18 points; Vagabond. 10paints; Secret, 7poiats; Victoria, 6 points? a^d Achievement, 4 pofnts. If the Beporter is plaord next event, whioh will be sailed oa Saturday, she wtll consequently be the victor, iad«3S the Vagabond so cares firstplacet. A requisition te Mr Lynch, sen., to^ stand ioi Qrenville appears In onr advartisbg oolumns to-day. Mr Lynch regrets that he cannot comply with ti» request, but holds Maiaelf free to do so on a fttiura accuion Tbe murky state of the aiincji|Aere prevented any otservations being mads of the enawt last night. A general mestibg of the Ballaiat East Education Defence League will be held 1 in the Bsmsbly-room of tbe Alfred Hall, next lbsrsday evening at eight o'clodt, to select ar-candidate to run f«r Baliarat itast with Mr James. Every member i» requested to attend. Kone wBJ be admiaed but theae who cis show tkreard of ths-iskgne. At the Chty PoSoe Oonrt en Eatrs&y;, Messrs Bndden and olenny- J.P., presided, and remanded Frederick Hare until Friday, on a charge cf aluainfng money under false pretences A number of grain trains ware Tunning sit Sandsy to the seaboard, engaged in clearing away tt» enormous tmoxrat oi grain asoamolated ia tbe np-csastiy stations. A meeting, of tbe comoittee appointed for rafeteg funds on. behalf of tbe Irish Betief Fund, was held on Friday evening, at tbe Halfway house; Buninyong road. A prosramms of eperts, &C.;, was drMrnnwhich will be duty advertised. The csmmicteff adjourned till Mancky (this evening), to fix- the day, and other general An adjourned meettng of the committee re-the pefcbrationof the'anniversaryof the Loyalfiallainat Lodges r M U., was held ct^he British Queen hotel, on Batnrday evening. Preoent—O. Biewart (in the chair}, J. Hall (secretary) and Measre J. Hollway, Gr Tnttoc, T. Ocrvoso, J. It Matthews, and'J. H; Taylor: After the minntee of the previons meeting were read I and confirmed, it was resolved that thramiversary fcecelebrated by a eupper, the same to be hsld at the. Buck's Head hotel on Wednefday, the ISth instut/ and that ths tickets ho.3s each; that O. Btewac^acd John Hollway get ths tickets .printed, and arrange ;trogiamme tor the evening;, that complimentary : icketa be sent to the press, and that members-may still ticksts to any frisndt they tnay-deelre, outside tbe order. From the reports sent in, the'committee expect at least 200 memberspresesit ..Ths asmmittee will meet again on "Wednesday-evening, after the does cf the lodge, to make finalarrergemsnts. The ordinary meeting of the Keil Street Mstual ImprovumBnt ABRnohtinn was held in the schoolroom last Friday evening. There was a good' attendance of members; the Bev.Arthm Powell ooccpyingtte chair. The prelimbiai7 business over, theaaoretaiy^ Mr Joseph Hewitt, res%ned his office, and Mr Turner was nnakimously elected for the position. An essay was then read by Mr Walter Hewitt on " Societies.'' The subject was dealt trith inamanrer'wliioh met with general favor. MesBra Ttirner and Allen's recitationa wue up to the usual standard. It was tncounoed that Mr.Oargeeg's promised essay wonld be {given next meeting. The subject is one specially interesting, and a good attendance Is hoped for. The meeting closed in fbs usual way. A laborer named Michael Fiynn, employed at Hr Bath's farm at Ceres, was admitted into tbe Baliarat Hospital on Baturday, for the treatment of injuries he eo stained ths day previon^tbrongii falling off a loaded hay waggon. Flynn's injuries consisted of the fracture of some of his ribs and,' it is feared, laceration of one lung. Onr Waterloo correspondent writes -—" The crops here are turning out splendidly. Among the best is that of Mr J. Frusher.'sen., who. has some 2000 bushels of oats of first-class quality. The ground averaged 87 bushels to tbe . acre This place is still going ahead in the way of building, for there is something new forward every week." Of the 1122 persons relieved at the Baliarat Beuevolant Asyinm last week, 481 were ohiidren. The sum of £i 8s 103, collected by the .children of Btate School Ha 1856, Burrnmbeet, for the Irish Relief Fund, was on Saturday forwarded to the central committee by Mr Mackie, head teacher. We have reoeived XI from Mr W. Aligns, oTArm- •treng street, in aid of the widowed mother of tbe lad Balderson. who was unfortunately drowned on Friday last in a dam at Clayton's flflL - The. return match between the Baliarat and L&armonth; howling clubs was played on the green of the former on Baturday- last, and resulted in a win for Baliarat. The following are the ecores:—BaUarat— Ko. 1 rink—Fiahwick, Greenhill, Bade, Hoimand (captain), 27. No. 2 rink—Logan, Preshaw, Goldsworthy, Bim (captain}, 47. Ha 3 rink—M'Intyre, Osborne, lack, i-'uroae (captain), 26. Total, 100 Learmonth.—No 1 rink—binr.is, M'Kenrie, M Rerrow, Bain (captain), 19 Ho. 2 rink—Oaldow, Poole Findiay, Band (captain), 17. No. 3 rink—Vallanoe, Bain (sub) Henry. M'Oubbin (captain) 25 Total. 6L Majority for Baliarat, 89. . The Bav. G. B. Smith. PrimiHve Uethodist minister, preaohed a very elcqnent sermon tn the Town Mission Hall last night. The place was crowded to excess, numbers bring nnaMe to obtain admittance. A collection was taken for a worthy object, and about 200 remained for the after meeting We see by this week's Government Gosette that Mr Arthur Wfllougbby Dixie, arioJed pupil of Mr Chas. Wm. Thomas, has passed ths examination as authorised surveyor under the Iianda and turvev Department cf Victoria !We are informed that the Baliarat Bowling Club have arranged to hold a grand concert, in aid of its funds, at the Academy of Music, cn Friday, the 20th Instant, for which the ever-weloome contralto, Mrs Oa'.ter, is engaged; and arrangements with other artistes are pending as it was decided to give a really good concert A Urge committee have undertaken the sale of -tickets. They will be assisted by Mr W. J. Gates, who has been eneagod ta manage the affair. . Particulars will be announced in a day or two; and if ths conoert is as successful aa tbe CSty Bowing Club's, the committee will have no cause to regret ths step they have taken. Ths following Is the notice-paper for the meeting of the Orphan Asylum commit&e; next Tuesday.evening House committee's report, report of sub- committee cn the admission cf cue child named Price, two children named Capes, two children namedM'T^n'n.n general business, fteah applications. ~ Elsewhere is an advertisement introducing i W agency business to Baliarat. The Australian Deposit and Mortgage Ban^of 22 Collins street-east. Melbourne, has invested Mr William Little, finance and estate agent, Lydiard street, with authority to receive, on behalf of that institution, fixed deposits. In this -city, "at the highest currentxates." A glance, at the back's recent balance - sheet indicates cere and prudence oa -the part of the management . The cipital is nominally one million pounds, of which £100,000 is paid and .reserved.. Tbe total assets of the company are £236,123, and uncalled capital £10e397~maHtig a total security to depositors of £313.020, which amount is nearly three times the company's liabilities, uur. improved prospecta aaam»ntng«w,mmTiT enhance this company's aucoass hen. As we are anxious to see a good house assemble at ths Academy on ths ocoasion of the Baliarat complimentary benefit to Miss M. 2L Davies, we again -call attention to the"-excellent programme provided _ IDss Davies ia -abeut to study for the smskal profession in .Melbourne, and -her pleasing "f^Bftr has made for her hosts of friends, who will no .doubt attend in ber benefit on Wednesday As the .seats are bring fast.reserved, it will be as well that those requiring them should see to U at onoe. Messrs Finlayson aad Campbell win address the electors at the Mechanics' institute, Sebastopol. this evening; aad theDallaret committee will meet atthe' local Mechanics' Institute. Mr~R. T. Vale wi'l address the elretore of Ballant East at Magpie, thia evening, at half past seven o'clock; and at Koithage's Half- way" House hotel, Buninyong road, an houriatsr. Mr Johp Graber. will address the electors of Baliarat. fast in the Town Hall, Biddy etrwt. next Wednesday evening. The chair wffl be pecapied bv the mayor. * - Coring ths past week 147 in-door and 581 out-door patients was treated at the Baliarat Hospital We have reoeived from " a Friend" 5s for the Irish Famine Belief fund. A mee:ing ef ths STationil B-Io m League is convened for this evening at the committee -r^oms, 19 Armstrong street, cn important business. Tbe celebrated Professor Pepper will commerce his ssri's of fnlsm^Ung and popular Eoientific enter tainments at the Mechanics' nstitnte this evening, to which members wHl be admitted at half price to aU parts of the house. Tbe iectares this evetjsg will be i on " I ight and optics ** aad « Torpedo warfare." The scientific apparatus of ths Profess "vis of .a veryrxteusive charactered no lecture will be repeated during bis stay here. A purple meeting of the Loral Orange 1 edge will be held this evening, at half- past seven o'clock, at the usual plica The St. Patriok's bay Festival ccmmittoe wfl! meet this evening for .general business; and "tbe antcommittees, finance ami sports committers au iour earlier. The following articled, used in the manufacture of umbrellas, ptrasols. and sunshades, am gasstted e»mpt from dwy r _ Mounts, taesate. nltscas, elastics, leather; eiieks. pWn and motated Kr James M'latosh is gacstted for the fchool dbirlat ot tbe east ridiaa of shire, vice MrT. Bath, resigned. P-Btagl»y haaheenappainleiby the tt&Mar; midfie riding of LdgjHdre., . ID poH lw(ramark» the iijw) Mtion nay beeald tobesaspeaded in afcticipattOB ot the sp-achofthe Ofeteecreta^ at^ iaetong cn Hmdaj. S, Servlae btoaddreKs ttisrteotors cf Maldoc aSctalUqvtSatarecftb«Trc«fai(U»adBnb(ir •W^u^^Jhe^^ioUaicaa froatMrJnsUoa JtoSl^l^ 1£ T lB » taa toprcoeSat«n»i ~ gyjwtottbe^oimtrjintobavehadatj^mat l^ltromtodrou^ TheajJjwEdJs^SsT. —"The Btcrm wSoh u one time cn VrSuSZi •OttuMi aHunad likely to rUkt Bt ABaSTbut mimeA It after aU, tentrtl pi* f oreo wrer ^ Q« Ore and Trainor's Idgetm districts. The r.i eo heavy in those localities that fn a very sh™S tbe dnaty roads were turned into laneTif ^ the erabioles were aU filled, so thaTnow t ^ " 4 can water thesr horses almost anjTri^ w.^®" ^ d ^ T * ^ ^ Under tbe beading of "Polltfcal a-j-, Herald stje that Mr T. Condsh vrfil staodte P R.5 s ridge, Hr 8. V. Winter for Bichmoud!«nd sdidtor, tar Fiteroy. Mr P. My, J P field for Dedatite against Mr GrevSi wffl not leave Ararat. Mr M'Lellan wriS 0 by the Opposition Pa-liamentary commltteTtofei? whether, fi Mr Gaunson reUr& fr^X^if 11 ™ woiddpl^ge himself to vote against theMnfetv' Mr JPteDan refuses to answer the letter T* . , day» " The Efattor'e Goide-te tbeGensialB^ of 1880 " wffl be published under the auspic^f,? 11 Maaonal Beform and Protection I^guTlS ^ wfll take tie iana cf ane?Sfs»r,7J < ™," contain the • address "of the mnncO of ths league, to the eleotora, together.with ainU^S. A telegram from BeHajjt fa Saturday's ttHr Lnmsden, a gentleman with a ieoommeo^'Z on Friday, for the purpose-of aKtsSrining the raSff S ^ ^ y " 10 ^ "gairst Bir JoS „ A telegram (says the Arpaif) receirodin Sydnev m Friday states that the shipment of freasn mitbrth! s.s. Btaathfeven realised 7d par lb boSb lor beef and muttoKr 