Youarang. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) January 16. A farmer, named George Nunn, was bitten by a black snake in his own house last week, He appears to have trodden upon the reptile, when it turned its head around and bit him through the elastic of his boot upon the ankle. After killing the snake, Mr. Nunn walked half a mile to his brother's residence. The boot was pulled off, and three incisions made in the wounded place, at the same time brandy was administered. The bitten man sucked the wound himself for about two hours, when he began to feel drowsy, where upon he was kept walking about until the drowsiness left him, and I am happy to say that he has now perfectly recovered. About as fine a crop, of Tartarian oats as I have seen in the district was grown by Mr. Thomas Harrington on fallow ground, where the the trees had been twelve months barked. Mr. Charles Russell, who owns a Ransome and Simms threshing-machine, informs me that, although he has travelled a thresher for the last six years, this season's yield eclipses all previous seasons. Wheat has turned out, as far as he has yet gone, from 20 to 25, and in some instances, 30 bushels to the acre, and barley 25 to 40 bushels. Iguanas are uncommonly plentiful this year, and are departing from their old habits of living by indulging in some of the luxuries of civilisation ; Mr. John Fulham shot one the other day, containing inside of it a full- grown fowl and a hen's egg. The woolshed was burnt down at St. Jame's last week. How the fire originated is not known. There were also bush-fires raging in the vicinity of the Hill Plain, and near Mr. Tom's selection. I have not heard what damage was done, but I am informed that a considerable amount of fencing has been burnt. The good yield of this season will make the Murray Valley one of the most important farming districts in Victoria. The roads in all directions present quite a busy sight with the number of teams going to and from the railway station. At a future date I will give the relative re- turns of the different kinds of wheat, also what descriptions have been found to stand the rust best. 