DISTRICT NEWS. [From our Various Correspondents.] Woodville. " The earth is born again in beauty." We have been blessed with a most welcome fall of rain, and the hearts of man and beast are alike thankful. A bush fire broke out last Saturday week, at Loch Goyle, the property of Mrs. Young. A fresh easterly breeze was blowing at the time, and caused the flames to spread very rapidly. It soon made its way to Clifden, the adjoining estate; but as a great num- ber of willing hands were soon on the spot, and arrested its progress, the only material damage done was the destruction of some fencing. The loss of the grass burnt will not be felt after the late ruin. The fire burnt for days, and had to be carefully watched, such a number of trees being on fire, the sparks from which, falling on the dry grass, speedily caused it to ignite. A grander sight can scarcely be imagined than these burning trees at night, each one a brilliant natural illumination. During the last few weeks Mr. John Pearse has sustained a great loss by the death of two valuable mares. A landowner of our district, a gentleman of an enterprising spirit, Mr. Reuben Tranter, has almost completed arrangements for watering his farm from the river Paterson, by means of a force pump. The expense has been considerable, but whatever its cost may be there is little doubt when satisfactorily completed it will soon repay the outlay. Mr. Tranter has been induced to do this from the dry weather, of which there was every prospect of a continuance- but though just now we have bad a beautiful fall of rain, through the long dry months of summer there is little doubt but that he will find his force pump a great boon, and will find what now seems an almost unnecessary expense a great blessing, Mr. Tranter having well counted the cost and considered the undertaking before entering on it. The attendance at the School of Arts during the past fortnight has been pretty good. The debate on the question ''Which has the greater influence on mankind the fear of punish- ment or the hope of reward ?" was opened by Mr. Bishop, on behalf of the Council, in favor of " the hope of reward," and was carried in their favor. The next subject for discussion on next night of meeting is "Were the Government justified in pro- hibiting Mr. Proctor from lecturing on Sunday ?" The Council say 'Yes'. Last Sunday evening his Lordship the Right Reverend Dr. Pearson, Bishop of Newcastle, preached at All Saints'Church, Woodville. Thursday evening. DUNGOG. The rain, the long-panted for rain, has come in all its power and beneficence. I have not been disap- pointed: it-has been a few days longer of coming than I expected. Showers have been falling all round, though none reached Dungog till Saturday, when a heavy shower, the harbinger of this fine rainstorm, fell. I had strong hopes this lunation would bring us rain ; for despair there is now hope and jubilation. When I closed on Tuesday the wind that bad been westerly veered round to the south, and rain had begun to fall. It held off a short time yesterday afternoon, but towards sundown it came down in earnest, not in torrents, but a very heavy, close soaking rain, and has fallen since without in- termission I may say, and has no appearance of clearing up now, on Thursday night. It has come just in time to put new life into everything. The good it will do is incalculable. The fields that were brown and bare only yesterday are already green. There was a talk of prayer for rain, but the community have a good reason for thanksgiving for this unspeakable blessing. We have just heard of the death of old Mr. Master, ot Stroud, who was so cruelly assaulted lately. The particulars of which have already appeared in your columns. Writing from hearsay, I was mistaken in saying that the circus went to Stroud, for they went some- where else. They left on Sunday morning never- theless, as it was on Saturday they performed here not on Friday, as stated by some correspondent in your last issue. I trust you are enjoying this grand rain in Mait- land which is now pouring down here delightfully. Dungog, Thursday night, late, Sept, 16. 