LATEST TELEGRAMS. MELROURNE, 20th January. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) (REUTERS' TELEGRAMS.) The indignatron meeting at the Acadamy, called by a hurried circular, proved a fiasco After several persona, had addressed the meeting, Mr Gaunson made a short vigorous attack on Mr Berry, stating that the play ought only .to be stopped) if-itwaS immoral," andthatMrßerrywaano; jddgeotmoralilyr .Black: ;ffenderap^ : ';harb'.' appeared,V the", audience vcried/but lothim/her ■ came forward, when the people on the platforin tried to stop him. Mr Aarons tried'to'eject him.'bot ' Henderson would not. be ejected,, and nearly struckvAarons. Amidst great excitement and cries of-“ Pairplay/’ the curtain' was lowered, .and the meeting ian linglorious end/”' ' c “~ '' Jl . Sr. ABNATO,\2Oth January. ' A meeting of persona diesatisfied ; with thr present for Kara Kara was held last night'to finally aeleot. "an 'Opposition- candidate.- Sixty .persons, were present. ..Four,gentlemen were willing ;to como r forr ward,-of; whom-Mr'Andrew Anderson, of Tottington, ex- president ; of the shire council; had i.the unanimous, preference of the . meeting. Mr Anderson was pre sent. to ■ oppose. Mr ’Dew.' A '.large general committee -was appointed, and also an execu tive committee, and arrangements made to appoint members of committee from all the’ country districts : and to make a thorough; canvass subsequently. The executive - committee met and liberally subscribed for preliminary expenses.- Thousands of copies of the speeches of Mr Gillies and.'Mr Furvea last week will be circulated. Neither candidate .nor his, friends will spare pains,- and success/ is "very confidently anti- : oipated. 'V ir-:.’. ■ To-day baa been the hottest-of- the' season; the thermometer registered 95 in the shade at 3 p.th. Stduet, 20th January. Scotland'Bogan were hanged this morning at 9„ o’cT6ofe' ti \Thirty^dr‘forty ys'ere',’pfesent t hut the pfess was excluded.' 'Scott’s .death was instants neouaj Kogan struggled for a'faw minutes. Scott baa written a confession,' which he handed to’ Canon.Eich. He refera fully to -tlie-Egerton bank robbery."‘Tho Evening News states that; it discloses' a 'conspiracy affecting some, person, and will form the subject of an ■ enquiry, to be conducted’Tby Messrs Spain , and Shy, solicitors. . Scott denied to the last that he. shot Con stable-Bowen, or knew anything respecting the death of Mr 'Bates,/ the-actor, in Melbourne." The Echo: states'that Rogan 'behaved brutally to his mother and sister at their first interview, using frightful,language. Ho showed hardihood on "the Neither of the men made a speech. :;i Z ; The half-yearly meeting-of the Mercantile Bank took placertp- day. t ;Thaimport shows ''a . profit of £20,033. A dividend of 9 per cent, ia declared, and, theeumbf £870C(‘carried forward. ; • - - The report of the- semi-annual Joint-stock Bank meeting,. which: takes "place to morrow, shows the profits, including ‘ the balance - from last half-year, to' b.e l i£5078, giving adiyidendof 10. per- cent., with a bonds/,of2i par . cent, and to- the'-.reserve fund £10,000. - ■ ‘ ’ Th addition' to the £3500'already ..sent, it is pro bable the Relief Fund Committee will forward £1600 to Ireland in a few days. The Minister of/lVorks has refused -to reduce the rates for carriage'" of;. haj and straw on the railways. A publioan.at Grafton was committed to gaol fo* foiiydaja by;. Judge Murfay, J - for. contempt, in not haadmg tbe. judge a printedalipbf letters published in the looal -paper; -which" Were -' 'discrediting to the court. — . _ Boyle,Tthe, captain'.of‘.the Auatralian'ieam, has pub lished a letter in which he contradicts the rumors that the team dpps, not intend to visit England. : Triokett.intends.providingi business permits,-pro- ‘ seeding to England whilat Hanlon is there, and rowing hgaihsthim; ‘ . Ail influential: committee,. with the f/hief Justice as president, and Messrs Hay,.. Allen, and Jennings, vice-preaidouta.rhaa been, appointed to arrange for tbe proper representation of produce merchants and manu factureriin thia colony at thia Molbbilrne-Exhibition. SuEed—Rodondo, Avoca. K . - .- ; a.“. u.-..-.--... .- ■■■•'-Anvr.tTnw,. 9flth January. ' The weather-is very hot, and 1 several bush’fires are raging; one at Port Elliott threatened to destroy the townWtfpK)T.\\." r >F.vt IT! rr 'AC r E A majority of .1320 has voted ia favor of lighting the city With‘‘gks; "' J • ‘ Seibs left Banjoe wangle on Saturday, 