MEMOS. FROM THE BARCOO. [bOao OUR owr COORORPONDEBNT,] Blaceall, ~forember 8. At the time of my writing last month I mentioned that the clouds were banking up, and we were momen Larily expenting a downpoor. But such turned out noet to be our lot, for the alouds cleared away again, and almost continuous floe weather has been ex perienced by us since. I speak now of the immediate wicinity of the town and out west. The surrounding srtations have happily been favoured with a few showers. but nothing like what is necessary to make the grace spring well and fill the holes. Altogether, since my last, O42in. have fallen, and, as this rbpresents some eight or nine showers, it was useless. In riding acroser some of theb plains within a few milds from town, a fortnight since, I was surprised to findthat there was plenty of good grass--fne pickings werq to be found and I came to the conclusion that the state of affair, was not so deplorable after all. If the holes only bold out for another couple of months our usual wet season will be upon us. Our local water rese~voir is nearly dry; the water is now confinoed to a small hole in the centre, which contains about 7ft. of water. The precioneus Suid keeps remarkably good, and to this I suppose the immunity from sicknes isia due. The deepening of the well at the dam has received tbhe consideration of the Council, and varions plans have been adopted for the improvement of our water supply. The fencing has been completed, so that when the rains fil1 the dam the water will be kept pureand sweet ; the rarious animals that have hitherto polluted it will be kept out. The billabongs at the Chinese gardens have long given out, and Jolhn, seeing the advisability of procuring water somewheore to bring on the young plants, has, with the commendable persevernsoes with which the diasciples of Gonfucius are celebrated, dug a number of wells in the bed of the river, in all of which water was pro eneed at a depth of from 12ft. to t15t. deep. The water is perfectly olear, but slightly brackish in taste; but it answered the purpose, for now a few vegetables are procurable. "Englird" potatoes at fd. per lb. are considered very reasonable indeed; other vegetables in proportion. The drought, however, has totally destroyed the melon crop; at this time last year this fruit could be obtained very cheaply; now "love nor money" won't buy one. It is, indeed, very gratifying to us deninens of the west to find ourselves only four days from civilization -Rockhampton. Since the extension to Withersfield has been opened, Cobb and Co. have comfortably per formed the journey by road in three days. Thus now we get our letters and papers from the metropolis, which leave the latter place on Baturday, on the ensuing Friday ninht-a journey of, in round noum bers, 900 miles, performed in ec days l! I think this good work, and we feel naturally gratified at the Government for making our mail arrangements so perfect and expeditious. Only twelve months ago the mail from Brisbane was nine days en route, but then the Central Railway was only extended to the Comet, and it took the coach fire clear days to travel the distance by road. But the arrangements for a weekly mail will soon bhe insualoient for the growing district, and I already hear rumours of an agitation for a bi-weekly mail. I doubt not that if an extra mail is requisite, it will be granted us without much bother and rnsd.tapeiem. We were very much rtartled by an alarm of Bfire a week sine. The back of Lynch and Co.'s butchery establishment was blasing away right merrily; but a crowd soon gathered, and, the water;casks being full, the fire was soon elxtinguished. I don't thitk anyone but the proprietor the was uninsured) would have regretted it if it had been destroyed, for it is the moet unsightly building in our main street. Being built of slab and roofed with bark, it stands a memento of what Blaekall was like once-not very long before the foe frame dwellings that seem to lie so snugly around wensr introdoned, either. The fire mentioned was supposed to have been caused by the spluttering of some salted fat which was burning in a busb lamp. This eqmmuniceted with aundry papere lying on a desk, and thos easily eat the greasy and dry woo-dwork alight. But misfortuane never come alone. Last Tuesday mornmog a cottage in the occupation of a married woman wenas burnt to the around, and all her worldly goods wera dertroyed. The only thling she sred was her baby. 'A cockatoo hlad stolen a box of matches, and, strange as it may seem, was supposed to hare str,,k them sn the roof of on adjoining bough shed. The leanre, being dry and infilammable, soon nreated such a fire that it was impossible to save any thing but the aforesaid baby. If we took cogninance of bush.fires, I may mention that the latter have been raging furiously around us; inotwlithetanding heavy rewards and condign punishment to evildoers, the trarvellers are neglectful, and, by leaving fires burning, a great amonnt of damage is done. The first man csaught will be held up as an example with a vengeance. Last week one of the large paddocks belonging to Alice Downs was destroyed. Police Court affairs have been very lively this past fortnight, Assaults and batteries, drunk and dis. orderlies by the dozen. Tiers is one ratler serious case, however: a boardingl-house keeper nearly beat a female servant to death; the poor girl lies in a very precarious state, and but little hopes are entertained of her recorery. The police haver the case remanded until they see how the "ease" turns out. Our local domine was on Thursday hauled up before the Police Magistrate,charged with beating a pupil belonging to the school. For the prosecution, our solicitor, Mr. Piers, was engaged, and, to support his ease, had some half-dozen boys as witnesses. Not bne knew the nature of an oath. What lamentable ignoraneel and t wo Sunday- schools in our midst; but the boys do not attend Sundayechools on the Barcoo. The case soon broke down; the boy was proved to have been very disobedient and impudent, and the nmaster dealt with him not half so severelyas he should have done. The Police Magistrate said the parents of the boy should hare in the first place brought the case before the school committee, and they would have investigated the affair. The solicitor dropped in for a nice little wiceing, too, for bringing such a ease into Court. The Rev. Father Dunham is here, and on Sunday conducted services in the Town HRll. It shows a good feeling when Protestants and Catholics unite in making the rev. gentleman'a visit a success. All seate might lare been seen taking part in the services on Sundsy. Our Municipal Council have got nicely into work. ing order, and I do not think we could get a more ananimous crowd. There have been a few chbanges in the aldermen, and now our local Goveroment consists of two butchlers, four hotel- lkeepers, and a blacksmith. A most diabolical murder has been committed out west, and, although it occurred in my distriot, I sur. mise you have already gleaned full particulars from othler sources. I shlall, therefore, only brjefly allude to it. News was rereived here that bthe body of a man was found floating in the Acacia dam, near Multtaburra, and from all appearances it was evident he lhad been murdered. There was a knife-wound in the region of tlhe heart, and a strap was foiund buckled round the dead man's throat. Deceased had been seen in the company of another man passing through Muttaburra a few days previously. He lihad alluded to his having money, and the companion of deceased aremed to wish to hurry im thlrough the& township. From these oironlmstances suspicion naturdlly pointed to the " mate" of deceased, and the polio searched for hlim. On Tlhursday, October 28th, they came up with him, and took him into cuastody. Prisoner was not only wearing deceased's clothes, but a'dopted his name. On being brought before the J.P.'s at Mutto. burra, he was found " Guilty" and committed for trial; but the miserable wretch procured a knife next day and cut his throat, thus saving the coentry a lot of enpeite. Nine hundred rams for Aramae sltation, in charge of Mr. Marslall, passed through yesterday. They are from the Mudgeo district. The drover bhas ex perienced much trouble in travelling, but, some nice showers having fallen out Aramoo way, he he hopes of pulling through without further loss. There are no othler movrments to report. Racing matters brisk. The eIsisford meeting takes place on Decembher 27 and 28, and the dates of Blacekall midsummer meaeting hero been altered to January 6th and 7tLi. eoun Qutz. A paper made the folloring very safe cballenge to all and suandry:-" We defy anyone to point out in the Levitical code.oa e lpewhere any passage which iotnrdietl a man msa ing the wife o his deceaseed -ister!" 