The Gippsland Times Monday, January 19, 1880 The attempt of the Chief Secretary to apply the gag to the stage has caused greater deadbeats in the career of the p Ministry. The Age and Argus of Saturday give the full text of the prohibited burlesque, which Mr Berry, relaxing the reins of censorship, allowed to be played, shorn of the allusions which he deemed objectionable. Nei- there yarrd, mentions what parts of the production affected Mr Berry, and people are left to judge for themselves where the objectionable matter exists. The burlesque is certainly made the vehicle of satire against the Ministry, but the dialogue cannot be called bri- liant. It is racy of the hour, and we suspect that provided the hon. gentle- men introduced were cleverly perso- nal as would have a long and . The Age sneers bitterly at the wit it, contains, or the want of it, and whilst declaring "that in a community where there is practically no censorship of the press it seems illogical and absurd to keep up a cen- sorship of the stage,"stigmatises the ... is the piece to party men with unjust severity. There is certainly a mixture of rudeness in one of the -, e -I N fit does not lie in the mouths Wof'ti-i l'Mr Berry, who frequently nae i inflammatory, and vile liaglm.*, ?omplain of it. The bur ia 14lI '1 w Happy Land is, in two th~Vtf.'the Cabinet are incapable, inl i iaind selfish, and there is 'm?tiisiiait. so " coarse and brutal" toJki?be, applied by the Age it i'l'ir I?fk years ago to both Mr liblBtvt' r nr Longmore. Neither 'i?i .? cribed as a " run down q r,,vt.a'." infamous." Had the G onmiM'err blien properly scarified in *Pt&ephJ; Mt3(nro pilloried, the eternal oliml h ilrdi? ated as a real live ogre, 'T ie banks dragged in as a hal? octopus, no interference would have been attempted with the '-Hlibty fthe theatrical lessee. ,yA7/"iit------=- r 4_,WliU is placing himself in the !W alirt the battle for the Ministry, S.paitij that is perfectly reasonable ' i siRwwider the great expectations which kh hopes to realise by a prolonga •tion of iaisterial tenure of office. In l?.iii.loh 'at Sandhurst on Friday ein ll, h emppliatically cautioned his lsl i.tlit what lie called the " side '?-iu which the wicked Opposition wi'e w uvring to divert the atten tiim .iti people from the plebiscite, :or as it l become the fashion to call t the "direct vote." We are not uitilid Wi eeniain in any doubt as to A?rht the so-called aide issues are, for they. a'etited with mucl particularity in the si of the Reform League of *hid . Mirams is secretary. The ~'i'bif the farmers, as set out by (e flai l Unions, he affects to re !Jd ir ro class cry got up for ai -; and connecting the' Xn -Mi il old ConstitutionalAsso 'eitihM, 1ihe defunct Free Trade 'i i the "wealthy lower or d ilares that the Unions are is illjai' lk in the interests of the bilik"0lCouncil, and not for their ?a*a ?:ii t. He impliedly charges tlim ltllratitude, because, he says, *1bll lg section of the community -'lAl hlich the State has done .'l-. most I" Another side i_-?rlj by the Opposition is, the ? . ravagance" of the Govern N ' liU' speculates on the popular !CfM-i* of contemporary history for '* 140 his denial that the charge . fel?U lsa ded. Further, lie regards \--- iertil the counts in the Opposi i hhi ituent, in which the Ministry *I sobAis of increasing taxation in Ii4, ,f:diminishing expenditure; of ~af interests of the towns, g *J elbourno, at the expense of distriota; and indeed, he m.,l.dinit that tlh case presonited fcji iie eslition will bear the " light ' Iavlst ion." It is probably to id tigWsA upon whiclhMr Mirams has 4itleiat tlie rioort of the Ileform .ialdopted in October last has iIabn distributed throughout the ýL, ??.'Bllt it will hardly have the. "4 " 1i red by the Socretary. The H of the ILague will afford tion for tie proposals which is understood to be preparing ce to public opinion, and probably have direct refer sme, of tihe "side issues" cbotomptubusly by Mr Mi SigeDavisintfirms us that lie has O iobe balrnldale invitation to de. llr itplhical addrecl there, and that his M tion not to'contest the district at "the easing general electioun remains uin of.r 'ommltte of the Irish Relief ill neet this mornlug in the Bn s'ij~lihainbers at 11 a.m.-The reail ;i l-inagoll g suwill hbnld a meeting to .iJlf . I thIe Mt chruica' uasitutce. lerk of Petty Bessoin, will bo in . l eat Btratford today, iusteadl of t' ly, for the purpose.of lasuing oIt uaother column the Bula Bdln Shire *ae sll invite ttudert for variuis works, In the Mail Calendar for 1880 issued with the Times the postage rates for let- ters and newspapers for the United King- dom via Brindisi are stated at 9d per 1/2 oz. and 3d each respectively, whereas the rates are 8d and 2d. The figures were printed from an official table. When the new postal contract Is affirmed, the neces- sary alterations and corrections shall be shown in a fresh issue of the Calendar. February 1st is the date named for the new service to come into operation. The many friends of Mr C. WY. Bassett, of the Star Hotel, will regret to hear of his death, which occurred on Saturday evening. He had been rapidly sinking for some days, and the sad event does not come as a shock. The funeral takes place this day. Walhalla has contributed £56 12s to the Irish relief fund. Mr. Peter Campbell, bush missionary, has favoured us with his bi- annual report, from.:which we learn that during the last twelve months he travelled on horseback some 2500 miles, also 350. miles by coach. The total expenses of the mission during six months were £141 18s, and £22 are in hand for future operations. Donations may he forwarded to Mr Campbell at Box 31, G.P.O., Melbourne. At the Police Court on Friday, Chris- topher Jackson and wife were fined 10s each or 12 hours imprisonment for using obscene language at Stratford. James Gove, for driving without lights, was fined 2s 6d, and F. Saunders, for furious driving, was cautioned. In the case of C. A. Saint v. F. J. Payne, a verdict was given for £8 18s' 8d with.costs. Messrs Howitt, P.M., Platt and J. Little, Js.P., occupied the bench. At the Traralgon Police Court on Fri- day, the case of Henry Curran, charged with making use of indecent language, was held over till Monday to enable the police to bring a witness forward.--C. O. Gil- bert recovered verdicts for goods sold against L. Jenkins £4 2s ld, G. Barclay £2 les 2d, H. Hunt £2 2s 71/2d, and Geo. Waterworth £2 2s 5d, with 7s 6d costs in each case.-Messrs Mattingley and Mill, Js.P., were nominated as licensing magis- trates for the current year. Mr M'Kean perseveres in his denial that he said "the Attorney-General would not so damage the Great Liberal party as to file a criminal prosecution in the Colac libel case;" and supports it by a statutory declaration sworn by Mr Butler, clerk in the Registrar-General's office, to the effect that Mr M'Kean's language was, that the Attorney General "would not prosecute where the libel was between private per- sons, but leave them to their private remedy." There is a formidable array of evidence in confutation of Mr Butler. The three magistrates who adjudicated in the case, and two others who listened to it, affirm in reply to Mr B. that Mr M'Kean did use the language imputed to him. And thus the matter stands. A young woman named Barrett was admitted to the hospital on Saturday, suffering from the effects of sunstroke. She is now entirely out of danger. Dr. Moore is medical officer for the current week. A tremendous convulsion is shaking the North Melbourne Reform League to its centre, and the sides of spectators with laughter. It is caused by the collapse of the arrangement by which the Hotham reformers were to amalgamate. Hotham will not, as a "condition precedent," purge itself of two officers whose reputation smell high in the nostrils of North Melbourne patriotism.- The secretaries denounce each other, like rival Abbots of Unreason. Six recusant liberals, including the Mayor of Hotham, have been excommunicated by North Melbourne. The discord is griev- ous and ludicrous. The leader of the rowdy mob of excur- sionists who conducted themselves so bru- tally at Queenscliff the other day was once Mayor of Melbourne. His name has not yet been mentioned, but there will be no difficulty in identifying him. It is said that the case will come before the local police court tomorrow, and it is to be hoped the ruffians,' whose courage was chiefly displayed in insulting women and children, will meet with their just deserts. One of their freaks was to take under- clothing belonging to ladies staying at the leading hotel and- place it in rooms occu pied by male visitors. Some able-bodied fishermen punched their heads, but the punishment they should receive can be most effectively administered in a house of correction. Charles Kampf, one of the boys injured by an explosion of gun cotton in an empty shanty on the Saltwater river, at Bray brook, has died. At the inquest held on Friday at the Melbourne Hospital, it was elicited that Mir Mark Gardner used the building as a magazine for gun cotton, relying upon the fact of its being on pri vate property for its not being interfered with. Deceased and his companions saw the place in flames, and while trying to extinguish them the explosion occurred. 'the jury impute gross carelessness to Gardner. lie was not licensed or regis tered, and will be prosecuted. One of the other boys is not expected to survive. Before, very long (remarks the Star) there will be a continuous line of rails from Adelaide to Sydney, and if the Mel bourne and Sydney mails are then landed at Glenelg they will be delivered several hours, or even days, before they would be if sent on by sen, and it is not probable that merchants and others will allow their correspondence to 'be delayed merely to gratify some political whim about a Mel bourne terminus. This will be another blow to Melbourne as a port, for there can be no doubt that goods and passengers will to a very 'l'rge extent (ollowv the' msil route. So we shall approach the day so ardently desired by Protectionists, lwhen Victoria will be for Victorians- and no body else. A fireman on board the steamer Queens- cliff was poisoned on Friday by drinking a glass of ale and tonic water, and died before the vessel reached the Cliff. A deck hand named White is seriously ill fromrthe same cause. The police seized the remaining drinkables on board, pend ing the inquest, which was commenced on Saturday, and adjourned for post mortem examination of the contents of the stomach. It is generally remarked that while the "Tallowfats" and " Gunnibags" have been almost royal in their liberality to wards the Irish fund, the leaders of the Great Liberal party, who have made such a grand harvest of patriotism, do not figure at all. There are no anonymous donations above £1, so it cannot be that they are doing good by stealth. We are informed that the Bank of New South Wales has given notice of with- drawal from the joint agreement with the other banks in respect of the rates of inte- rest and discount. It will be unsatisfac- tory in the general interests of trade if this should prejudice the otherwise pro- bable early reduction of the rates of inte- rest,-Argus. A police summons has been Issued against Cohen, one of the smaller fry of sweep proprietors. The Star states that Mr Bell, M.L.A.; will resign and be appointed Inspector of Railway Carriages, whatever office that may be. Nine of the Timaru, N.Z., Ribbon rioters, have been committed for trial,and a minor offender fined £5. The report of Mr G. Thureau, on the Californian Mines, is to be printed at the eost of the Government. It is intended to introduce in the Tele- graph Department, as soon as possible, the quadruplex instrument, with a, view to facilitate the transmission of press or other long messages. With these instruments messages can be sent and received along the same wire. The quadruplex instru ment is already in use in Sydney. The struggle between the Rev. F. C. Platte and the sheriffs officer is likely to come before the law courts. Mlr Platte ac cuses some of his late church wardens of gross deception, and collusion with that functionary. Mr Woods is experimenting with' a patent locomotive spark consumer, to ob- viate the risk of bushfires where wood is used for generating steam. The trial has been successful only so far as coal is con cerned. The Harbour Trust men are still on strike, about 100 silt men heing out. They claim 8s a-day instead of 7s. A special contribution to the Irish famine fund is being raised in the Railway department. The Railway Bill is still under discus- sion by the Cabinet. Additional plans of the proposed new routes are to be prepared. The Sydney Executive has decided to allow the law to take its course in the case of the condemned bushranger Rogan. The executions will take place to-morrow.. 