IT is about one of tbe worst symptoms of B country's political condition that can be mentioned to find it. on tbe eve of a general election, divided into petty sections which have no relation whatsoever to the main issue then before the constituencies for decision. For example, the rottenness of the New York municipality was laid thoroughly bare by the fact that the concoctora of the "Tammany ring" and its enormous frauds were able to reckon with certainty, at any election that might dccur, on the votes of certain nationalities. This fact simply meant that whole sections of the New Tork ratepayers had pledged or sold their votes to some mercenary schemers who had contrived to get hold of their national prejudices. There was the Irish vote, the German vote, the native American vote, and eo on; and theBe various nationalities went to the poll in batches, and voted exactly as their leaders told them, perfectly careless of the circumstance that they were thus made consenting parties to a series of enormoaB frauds upon themselves. Boss TWEED and his accomplices in this way " worked the oracle," and were able for years to defy both public opinion and the laws of the country they lived in. This illustration is, perhaps, the strongest that could be adduced from modem history of the gross abuse we are pointing oat but other examples of it might euily be cited of a less cogent kind. For Instance, we find in the files of home journals just re' ceived, articles discussing the result of the election taken at Sheffield to fill ap the vacancy caused by the death of Mr BOE- BUCK; and although the Liberal party gained the vlctoiy, we find a leading Liberal journal lamenting that the majority was so small as almost to turn the victory into a defeat But now the question is. how comes it that in a town, which from the very first has always been a stronghold of Liberalism,, this should happen ? And the answer given to this natural inquiry is, that the interests which gain by war, and the licensed victuallers, ostentatiously supported the Government candidate. A certain class of manufacturers in Sheffield gain greatly by a war Ministry, and tbe licensed victuallers, who are said to be 1500 strong, have an army of dependents who inarch at their bidding; and both these combined their strength to keep oot the Liberal The wonder is that, in the face of Bach a combination, the Liberal candidate managed to win his Section. Certainly, it could only have been because in Sheffield there is a vast body of staunch and true-hearted Liberals, who are above the influence of petty factions and of all indirect motives whatsoever. But the point for present consideration is how each an interest that of the licensed victuallers comes into the determination of the case at all. Why the licensed victuallers, any more than the grocers, or the drapers, or the knife-grinders? Have the keepers of honses licensed for the sale of liquors any special interest, as a class, that sets them above all political questions ? Is there nothing in the immense and important difference between the two parties that divide the country that in the least degree affects a man whose daily occupation is to dispense liquor to a thirsty public ? Has such a man no political opinions of his own, no convictions, no beliefs—nothing, excepting that he follows a particular trade, and holds himself bound to vote on all occasions exactly as a certain clique of that trade may direct him ? Does he not know, does he not care, whether Lord BEACOKSFHTLD Mr GLADSTONE is in the light? Has he no regard at all for the welfare of the country he lives in, and is be content to remain thns selfishly indifferent to the end of his life ? " I am a publican, and I give my vote with the publicans." Is that the sum and substance of his political faith ? If so, all we can say is that such a man is undeserving of the political freedom he «njoys and abases, and it would be only serving him right to disfranchise him, and mark him off as an unworthy citizen and a political serf to the end of his days. Mark! we don't say for one moment that every jublican in Sheffield is bound to be on the [liberal side. All that we contend for is, that he is bound to be either on the one side or the other—to be an honest and conscientious elector, holding his own opinions and ready at all times to back them op by his vote. If he is less than this, and simply a publican^ he Is a most unworthy citizen, who betrays his electoral trust, and sells his country for the meanestof all considerations. These illustrations will serve as well as a score to bring oat tbe point we are insisting on. In the general election now proceeding in tins colony, every honest elector is bound to take his side, and to do his ntmobt to secure the success of the party to which he belongs. He mast be either for the present Government or against them. Hie most be' either for the Opposition or against it. Neutral he cannot possibly be, and fulfil faithfully bis duty to himaelf and to the country. If he sinks the larger, and die. only true, consideration of principles in some minor issue of nationality, or creed, or trade, he is simply a traitor to his trust. If he votes because fas is an Irishman, or an Englishman, or s Botnan Catholic, or a Protestant, or a pub&can;, or a teetotaller, or from any .trifling personal motive of that kind, he is a recreant to every principle of conduct that guides honest men in dally life. What has nationality, or creed, or profession, to do with die great issues now at stake ? Why should any man rote for Mr BEEBY, or againBt him, merely because his own birthplace happens to have been Cork or Gal way rather than Liverpool or Edinbugh ? The simple suggestion of such a motive as influencing an elector in giving Ms vote in the polling booth is an insult to plain common sense. We hope, therefore, that there shall be none of these minor and thoroughly false issues raised at the present election; but that every elector will go to the poll prepared to give a " straight vote," with all sincerity of purpose, for the party which he honestly believes to have right on its side. THESE is one fact that, cannot be too forcibly impressed upon the Liberal electors everywhere at this juncture; and it was referred to briefly by Major SMITH at the meeting held at Sevastopol on Wednesday evening. That fact is, the imperative necessity of every Liberal elector recording his vote undivided next Saturday week, for only in this way can the full strength of the Liberal party be demonstrated. Where fire or six candidates stand for three iseata, it is not an nnusu&l; thing to find electors give two votes to one side and the third to the other; personal feeling in the latter case overriding political considerations. This is a decided mistake, even although the effect of it may not be to re torn the Opposition candidate, because it tends to reduce the numerical strength of the Liberal vote, and thus to give a handle to the enemies of Liberalism to contend that that political entity is falling in strength and power. To illustrate our point and make it clearer, let -us suppose, as in the case of Ballarat West, that. there are five candidates for the three vacant seats. And let us farther suppose that the Liberals command 3000 votes, and the Conser vatives 2000, and that ali these voters go to the poll. If all the Liberals voted for their three candi dates, there would, of course, be found 8000 votes on their side, just the same as, nnder similar circumstances, there would be 2000 on the other. But suppose 300 of the voters on the Liberal side split their votes, that is to say—not to make the account too long—that all these votes went to one of the Conservatives candidates. Then that side would appear, as 2300 strong, while the Liberal vote would fall to 2900. This calculation is of course based upon the assumption that when votes are split, BBOWN, on the liberal side, is as likely to lose a vote BB JONES ROBINSON. Our readers will see that when this splitting of votes occurs, it makes a mighty difference in the appearance of the Liberal vote, because, instead of showing it to be, as it really is, 1000 (or 50 per cent.) beyond that of the Conserva tive side, it makes the Liberal vote appear as only 600 (or 20 per cent.) in advance of the f uU vote of ite opponents. At first sight there may - appear nothing very important in this reduction. The Liberals have still won; and what matters it by how much or how little ? But looking at the subject by the light of experience, the difference matters a great deal, because it gives a text to the Conservatives to preach long homilies on the decadence which the Liberal vote is undergoing, and on the increase which tbe Conservative vote shows; and homilies of this kind, when justified by .figures, have some effect as against the Liberal cause, although that effect may not be immediately apparent. Every Liberal, therefore, who spUts his vote not only tends to weaken his own influence on political events, but at the same time does a wrong to his party, The effect, however, of this vote-splitting is at times much more marked or imme diate in showing itself. It occasionally leadB to the slipping in of a Conservative candidate, and the consequent defeat of a Liberal; and where the contest is closer, than it is likely to be in Ballarat West, a few electors splitting their votes might really be disastrous to the Liberal party. This splitting of votes is, therefore, a very serious matter for every Liberal elector, not only, to calmly consider, but also to scrupulously avoid, seeing that its effects may be very awkward indeed for the cause at heart; and in common fairness to his brother electors on the same side, every Liberal is bound to guard against a disaster of this nature. At the present timejnot only in Ballarat West trat in other districts also,canvassers are begging for one vote at least for the Conservative side, even although the other two votes are not assailed; and personal, far more than political reasons, are adduced why this request should be granted. To this insidious kind of pleading we beg all Liberal electors to give the cold shoulder in a manner there can be no mistaking. No plea of the kind put forward by such canvassers should be listened to for a moment, because the sole object of it is to reduce the chances of the Liberal side; and anything that has a tendency to this end should be Btrennonsly resisted. Every Liberal should vote straight for the three candidates on the Liberal side, and not part with an atom of his voting power in favor of the Conservatives. This is the plain duty of evety Liberal elector next Satnrday week from one end of the colony to the other; and from this important duty we trvBt there will be no departure. This is the last day that nominations Will be resolved for the general election. The English mail steamer arrived at Albany ySB tor day morning. The West Australian line is interrupted,. and no neve Is expected through before Friday morning. Mr D. Brophy, one of the old members for B«Hatat East, and again a candidate for the electorate, addressed a meeting of his old oonsti.nents at the Town Hall, Ballarat East, last night Mr W. Boo It, In his mayoral capacity, presided at the meeting of bis old friend and compuuon-at-arms. There mi a big attendance—the hall n i crammed, and in the passages and round the door some of those who oonla not get in, stood listening attentively, while numbers, unable, to get within hearing of the candidate, went away. The Forest sent its contingent of electors, and the room presented a lively arr*y of eager faoes. When the candidate cune forward, he was molt warmly received, and he KaB repeatedly cheered as he prooseded with liis address. The evening did not go over, however, -without a disturbance, and m email battle for plaoe occurred between two "bhoya" In the gallery. The candidate in his address dealt with the education question, and his speech will be found elsewhere in oar columns. At the close of the address, a vote of confidence is llr Bropby was carried by. a Urge majority. . We regret to observe that our lower-down oontemtoraiy bas taken to paragraphing " mild inventions " or the purpose of detuning tlx Berry. In yesterday^ issue it stated that a special train passed through Ballarat on Wednesday, conveying Hr Berry and s party ot friends from Handily to the metro- ; xdls, and that Hr Berry would h»VB savel an hour's ' ims, aa well as the expense of a specfel, had he travelled by the ordinary train. It is sufficient for us to state that llr Berry, in oompany with Mr Lalor, ; irooeeded from . Ballarat on Wednesday morning l>y I he 11.80 ordinary train, oansegusntly then is no truthin.the ftitpmrntTntdnhycmrIpiror doirnfaHan tive genius. Tbe nomination-papers of James and Bhs- Beli were lodged with the XBtandng officer for Ballarat East yesterday. At the afternoon meeting of the Ballarat 8 took Exchange yesterday a motion was brought forward to msdad the resolution paswd apme months .since, whereby tbe jbaa&ss; wars prohibited from dealing In Bartotfi leaae shares, or tetter known as "The Jmnn£" A long discussion, however, resulted in fits mntfnnanoe of the proMbitt&n;, until after Jodge Moleeearth's decision, by seventeen votes sgsinst Constable Boyle of tbe BaDarat south polioe, lort Ids eldest son, ayooth of about sixteen yean, inmpainfuDy sudden manner yMterday. The young fellow. 11 •earns, has for years been subject to qp&epKb; fits, and thoogh several doctors have at different times nttended Mm, fh^y always oonsldered bis case ralhtr • hopeless one. Testerday morning early Mrs Boyle, entering the youth's bedroom, found that he had fallen Ant of bed on to the floor, where be'was lying motionleas, with the blankets from the bed tightly wound round Mm, and It appears he bid tpndued ont of bed C.- K- i •--..: V. find that he was lifeless. He oould not have been dead long, for the body was quite warm, and beads of perspiration were standing on his face. Senior- oonstable Orowley was at once called in, and made the enquiries nsnal npon snch occasions; bnt no inquest will be neoissary, for a medical man has csrtiflsd that death resulted from natural causes. The nominations made for Ballarat East w&l; be an, none cod by llr Fisken, returning officer, in the courthome, Birkly street,- nBit Saturday, at twelve o'clook. A discovery, which is likely, to prove an important one for the Waterwheel Company, Sebastopol, was made yesterday afternoon. In sinlong the No. 2 shaft, several quutz leaders were - passed through, all of which trended in an easterly dlreotion. As the sinking progressed, water began to oome into the shaft, and It waB found to have drained in partly from an old abandoned shaft situated 8 or 9 feet south of the No. S shaft. The old shaft drained quite dry, and one of the miners, ont cf curiosity, went down it, and at the bottom of the shaft found a well-defined quarts lode about 3 feet thick. The mazajer (Sir Wall) states that some considerable time baok a person named Stephens, living at Cherry-tree Hat, had some auriferous specimens, which be etated were found In qujxtz in the immediate neighborhood of this old Over 200 eleotora asFembled at Little Bendigo last evening, to hear the three Liberal candidates—Major fcmitli and Messrs Finchtm and Bell. Mr Mason was voted to the chair, and briefly introduced Messrs Finahtm and Bell, apologising for the absence of Major Smith. Mr fincham was well received. He briefly referred to former meetings, and reviewed their past career as representatives in Parliament. He e&ve; a very satisfactory acoonnt of himself, and pointed ont that the deficit waa to bo accounted for through the Opposition causing an expenditure of £60,000 te compensate the ornamental heads who were dismis°od on Black Wednesday. He touched on all the principal topics of the day,and resumed his seat amidst applause Mr Bell was received with cheers. He referred to the euccesB of all his meetings. They were far beyond what he anticipated in kindness and good feeling. His opponent, Mr Campbell, he said was calculated to mislead the electors. He came before them at the last election as a Liberal. On this ocoasion he was a perfect Conservative. There oould be no mistake about him this time. The electors, he thought would vote for Messrs Smith, Fincham, and Bell—(cheers and applause)—as they fcbow that they had done their doty faithfully. (Oheere).. The opposition they met in Parliament was of the most determined character. Were they returned again to Parliament the great drainage scheme of Ballarat would be accomplished, and thousands of miners would return co this district and find permanent and profitable employment (Prolonged choers.) He then referred to the various Ministries, and proved that the members of the Berry Government did the work while the others simply wa?ked away on plea- Sure instead of attending to their duty as Ministers. 3*he speaker thought he had gone far enough. (Cries of " M o; go on BelL" A fter speaking at some length on the lands, banks, and trickery of some association to oust the Berry Government, he sat down amidst prolonged cheers. Alter replying to several questions,'a vote of thanks was moved by Mr Aldredge, who said he had had forty years' experience of the Consei vativei in'Tictoria, and said they were the same to-day, viz., trying to orash the working olasees. He then moved a vote of thatifrc to the candidate forpast services. The motion was seconded by Mr George, and carried by aedunatiox Moved by Mr Btrickland, and seconded by Mr M'I>ean—" That the present candidates—Messrs Smith, Fincham, asd Bell—are the moit fit and proper persons to represent ns in Parliament," There was no amendment, and the niotlon was carried unanimously. The chainnan announced that Major Smith would address them on a day to be named for next week.. A vote of thanks to the chair closed the meeting, with oheers for the Berry Government. Messrs Gaunt and Bird addressed the electors of Oape Clear, at Cape Clear hotel, on the 18th instant, f bout tixty persons were present, bnt % good many were non-voters. Mr Whicher occupied the chair. Mr Gaunt led, and continued a very welldelivered diBOGtme with littls interruption until he atasiaras Black Wednesday's doings, when Mr C. f rown put In, " Ton got sacked that day Gaunt; on the 28th we are going to give you Black Saturday, with a veageatoe." The speaker took all in good part. In speaking of the corruption permeating our present political lire, a voice was heard t? say, " Land Act, '62, with £1000 a year pension to Minister of lands and Attorney-General.' Before finishing his address, Mr Gaunt, in regard to payment of members, merely glossed it over by saying that it was the complement of onr democracy. Mr Bird rose, and as he was settling him gulf to speak, a voios in the crowd said, " John Bird, I have vottd for yon the last general election, but now you put your head in a bag n " Ton put your bead in a bag, 11 retorted the ex-legislator, and then settled down to speak in defence of his Parliamentary doings. A voioe—" Yon deserve to be pelted with rotten eggs." " let ns have them,'' replies Mr Bird. " I have got none, or I would with a Will," was tbe rejoinder. Mr Bird accused Mr Beny of having done nothing ustfol during the last Parliament. ("And how could ha when snch dirty birds as yon deserted him.' 1 ) After Mr Bird sat down Mr A. Sutherland rose and put the following question to Mr Gaunt:—" Mr Gaunt, believing that yon have the support oi the Constitutional Association, and that the abolition of payment of members is a leading feature in its programme, would yon, in the event of being returned, and the measure being -brought before Parliament vote against payment of members i already stated that the p«meat cf members ts the complement of democracy. That is bnt a very vague and evasive answer, Mr Gaunt; aid I must again repeat thequestfon, for, by doing awav with pavment of members, and extending the basis cf the Legislative Council, yon deal an indfrect blow at onr manhood suffrage." Mr Gaunt replied not After the usual motion was moved and seconded, Mr T. Brown moved an amendment, which was seconded by Mr A. Sutherland, and carried by three to one. The meeting closed with three deafening oheers for Mr Berry. After the meeting was over, a strong committee was formed of Messa Davies and YoungV supporters. Messrs Campbell and Finlayson's meeting at Bock's hotel, Alfredton, last evening, was well attended, a large number being unable 4o gun admittance to the room. Mr Brazenor ooenpied the chair. Both candidates were well received and .applauded frequently, tbe answers to questions put evidently being approved of. Mr Barkley moved, and Mr Hepburn seconded a vote of confidence, which was carried unanimously. At the Eglinton hotsl folly 200 mnst have been present; Mr Bnndall being voted to the ofeair. Both candidates addressed the meeting at considerable length, and were greeted with rounds of applause, the meeting being most enthusiastic. An almost unanimous vote of confidence was passed, some three or fohr hands only being held up as against the motion, nearly everyone in the meeting voting. Messrs Jamas and Bussell addressed the electors of Ballarat £ast at the Brown Bill hotel, and subsequently at Mount Pleasant schoolroom, last,evening, and at both plmoes the candidal ei received a very favorable reception. At Brown HiU Mr Oasley moved a vote of confidence, which was seconded by Mr Phillips, and carried unanimously. Messrs Pavies and Young addressed two meetings i Wednesday, one at Dereel at two o'clock, and the other at Kangaroo at half-past eight in the evening. At Dereel some thirty miners left their work anil came to bear the candidates, who were listened to with attention and enthusiasm. After a number of questions were asked and answered, Mr Bolger mjvsd, and .Mr Horn seoonded—" That the best thanks of. the meeting be tendered to Mr Davies for his satisfactory account of his stewardship, and for the faithfnl manner in whloh he kept his pledges." The motion was carried amidst cheering. Mr Hore moved, and Mr Stephens seconded—" That Messrs Young and Davies were fit and proper persons to represent ns In Parliament" tvery band bnt two were held up in favor of tbe motion. Twenty- three of those present gave In their names as members of the committee to secure the return of the Liberal candidates. Loud cheers were givsnforthe candidates as they-were moving awayfrom Mr Long's jdaos. Tbemeetingat Kangaroo was one of the best and most nnanimons meetings h-li by xhe candidates. Both gentlemen deilt exhauctivdy with ihs political questions of the day, and at tbe close, after answering questions, a motion was moved by Hr M'Claren, seconded by Mr Davidson—" That tbe candidates were fit and proper persons to represent them,and p'odging themselves to nee all tjiedr endeavors to aeonrs their return." The motion was pnt by Mr M'Cfll, the chairman, and declared to be oarried unanimously. A large and inHuential oommittee was formed at the close, numbering between thirty and thirty-five. In view ot the Inspector of mines for the Bal Iaiat district having afenifitd his intention of giving effect to the regulation respecting signalling In mines: nnder the Mining Begulations Statute, we yesterday inspected Mr Uottew'e appliance, which, on its' application -already at the tireat Extended Hustler's Beef Oompany. Bandhurst, and at tbe QntferiB Birthday mine Dnnolly, has proved most satisfactory. Mr Cottew's system constats In having a dial 24 inches In diameter at eaoh level, all oommunioaUng with a surface dial In tbe engine-room." Xaehof these dials has 24 Indioee fixed fn grooves, wowing tbe requirements of the men below, aucb as "mullock," "quartz," - w men up," "man down," tracks down," "cage up," 'cage down," "hue," powder," " picks," &-L Onshall the dkc also represent* the levels in tbe mine. 'On . each dial are two hands like thOEe of • clock, connected with two wires to the surface dial, the longest hand being used for the purpose of striking a bell on the top of the dfso to a tract the cotioe of the enginedriver, which is then turned by the operator below to the tevd in which be Is stationed. The driver, by the ocrreeponding action of his dial. Is thus made aware of the locility. The other, or Soulier bantLfs then turned by the man below, *>the index wowing bis requirements, and, befog repealoJ above, the whole eystem'ts similar to tbe principle of B» Whcatstone telegraphic instrument, except that the aoUtm is by wire instead of bv electricity. We may add .that Mr Cottew reoetved the £100 award from tbe Government for tbe most perfect system of aignalling in mines, and he is prepared to fa np any mine -with dials and apparatus, and give any test necessary, and be Informs OS that, at the Old Huatlert Company, reoords were kept of lbs saving of time in tbe mine by the use of ihe fignal, and it was fonna that the apparatus bad thns ronaid its cost tn jess P an four months. Mr G. Watts, cf 110 Bklptcn r •treet, Is the local agent A meeting was held in the State schooL Hapoleoni, on Tneeday evening, with IheTO^ W3>leobfeot of ^n®L, mt * na nfse fnnds fVths purchase of •Ghool prizes, arid a strong and willing oommittee was fora»d ooaBlBHngrf the followinggentlamen, "rf*;— Mowbray, M'Haffle, Davies, leadbeatar, Twist, and Fnasell, jua, who I ball, and it is intended to secure, if possible, the services of a distinguished public lecturer, and the best vocal talent available. No doubt existB that the entertainment will be a pronounced success, as is nsnal with such affairs at Napoleons. Mr F. O. Baker has forwarded a letter to the Sebastopol Council, stating that, owing to circumstances over which he had no control, he was obliged to surrender his lease of the Mount Helen Waterworks. Mr Baker also forwarded the agreement, in order that it •night be.canoelled. The contractors for tbe improvements at the City lock-up are making very good progress with the work of erecting the new office and the stables. The formerwfil be an immeasurable improvement on the little wooden den that the lock-up keepers of the station have been obliged for so many years to live—or rather try to live—in doting the regularly occurring twelve honrs of their duty. Besides looting well, the new office will be a very comfortable place, while the cells for lunatics, of which there are two, one on each side of the office, will be admirably suited for the purpose for whioh they are intended—-to wit, the reception of the unfo.tunate insane. The old oells, with their discomforts and unwholesome surroundings, have been long a reproach to our common humanity, and cs one tender-hearted constable used to say bitterly—"If a fellow's the least bit wrong in his head, and they pnt him ia there, he'il Boon ba fit for the asylum. 1 ' Of course, unfortunates who were deemed unfit from mental unsoundness to be let at large, were not kept in these cells for day s, but only during medical examination, and until the magistrates decided whether they should be kept under restraint or not, when they were either forwarded to one or other of ths asylums or set free, Still, in the festering heat Gf summer, or the biting coll of winter, it was not proper for poor wretohes who, for no crime, but for mental illness, wereconfined, should be" kept In the little close ill smelling wooden boxes provided for thftlr reception at the look-up. The new c-lls will be of briok, lined with wood, and they will ta infinitely more comfortable than those they supersede. The new stables at ths station axe built on an exoellent plan, and will make most excellent quarters for the horses of the mounted foroe. When the precent lock-up proper is removed to its new site, and the debris attendant npon building removed, the station will present a most compact appearand Messrs Fincham and Bell addressed a large meeting at Pootilla yesterday afternoon. Mr James Long, J.F., occupied the chair. There-was a large attendance of electors, who gave unmistakable signs of their determination to support theJBenry Government. The candidates were frequently cheered, and at (he close a unanimous vote of confident o was carried in their favor. The meeting closed with cheers fcr the three candidates. A meeting of Mr Brophy's friends and supporters waff held at Darcy's Shamrock hotel on Wednesday eveniog; Mr John M'Grath in-tbe chair. -The attendance was very large. An influential oommittee composed of thirty members was formed to secure Mr Brophy's return at the ensuing election. Mr Thomas Lonergan was appointed secretary. Some thirty gentlemen volunteered to send horses and trap* to bring np voterv. He had often beard of that drink called lager beer," and having lieard as often that tt intoxicated not him that drank it, he dssired greatly, during the hot weather that is even now not ended, to get of th»t lager, that he might drink and drink—cool his parched throat, satisfy his big thirst, and yet not exhibit, into that inquisitive world which hedges every man around, that he had been "cooling Ms throat and satisfying his thirst," He 6poke with one who had seen the 6un rise and set many limes when that one was in Norway, and he mentioned to that *-- roTT "'"* T - of the sun ithat be wondered what "lager" was like, "Lager!" said that one, " Yon gan shust dringk az motsh az yon bleiza, und id tnags yon fat, nnd you doh ged drungk." He lobked on that one, and. (sighing) remarked that "lager" could not be got in this town. That one from Norway led him to an hostelry kept by another man that was heavy on consonants, and called for ^ lager beer.". The host, with an appreciative" good t," went down tho oellar, and oame up with the required. The thresadjonsed theato the bar parlor, and "lager" was drunk freely. It was a good liquor, the weather was hot, and being assured that the German drink intoxicated not, he forgot to count the bottles. The hours passed merrily, and tales of young days rattled out, and there was no sign of liquor on him. He came forth from the hostelry with bis hat stuck back, defiance in his carriage, and a look in Ids eyb that betokened triumph. Be murmured softly," tureka." He had found the liquor that suited him, and he went home, embraced his mother-in-law, and gave his wife money to get anew bonnet, the second for that season. And they say "lager" does not intoxicate. To do the liquor jnttica, he tells the following ttory of it, told him by the one from Korway:—" In Baden they never get drunk, though they quaff 1 lager 1 bypailfnla. A man was ©nee on a long long time ago arrested in the streets of fiaden, on a charge cf drunkenness, bnt on being brought before the bench, he stated in defecce that he oould not have been drunk, as he had only been drinking < lager.' To decide the case, an expert at'lager 9 qnaffiug was called, and said, when asked if 'lager 1 was intoxicating, • I dont believe It is. 1 drink eighty tidels (pintB) a day without being drunk, but the prisoner may hava made a hog of his- 1 «ilf.'" Prisoner discharged, A draper's assisUnt, nulled John Vinoent Larke, was brought l^rore tho Town Police Court yesterday & several charges of embezzling money, the property o! his employer, Mr L Higgins, draper, of Bridge street. The hearing of the chargeB occupied ths greater-part of the day, and at the conclusion prisoner was committed to lake his trial at the next Ballarat Assize Court. An Interesting meeting of ths Barkly Street Mutual Improvement Association was held last Tuesday evening; Vice-president M'Gregor presided. Light nominaiiens for membership were received. Eeoitations were given by Messrs Bryant, Fdwa ds, Walker, Harvey, M'Gregor, and George. A reading was delivered by Mr Scarborough, and a dialogue by Messrs'George and Walker. The elocution class" in connection with the association appears to be doing wonders, judging from ths manner the young members rendered their various pieoes An essay by Mr Scarborough will be delivered next meeting—subject, " Borne." A full attendance of members is requested on that occasion. The friends and admirers of Miss Carrie Emanuel (now Madame Mendellshon} will be pleased to hear of her great snocess at the Gape, where at her farewell benefit concert, she was presented with a diamond necklara. as a token of esteem and recognition of her great talent as a vocal artiste. The usual meeting of ths Bt Paul's Mutual Improvement « d Debating Sootety was held on Tuesday last, about forty members bung present Mr Bichardson was elected chairman, and Mr A. Beeoe vice- chairman; the business of tbe evening being impromptu speeches. The subjects chosen were " Matrimony," " Honesty," " Mannar a,"and " Selfishness," which were well spoken npon and critioised by the members, after which a little einging was given by some of the members. Altogether a pleasant evening was spent. There was a fair attendance at the meeting of the Ohemlats' Association last night at Lester's hotel; Mr T. P. Palmer, president, in the chair. The only matter of Importance was the discussion of a proposition to choose a candidate for election to the council of tbe Pharmaceutical Society in March next. The •object was postponed to a special meeting for Wednesday kfgbt next. A tea meeting and lecture were annonnced to take plaos last night la the Golden Fdnt Weeleyan Sunday eohooL Ths lecture, the subject of which was to be "Africa," was to have been delivered by the Bev. W. A. Quick. Owing, however, to "the small attendance, oonsequent on election matters, only a few partook of tea, and the leotnre was postponed. A mignlflnwnt diamond plum, weighing 8 oz, wae exhibited yesterday by Mr Lang, seedsman, of Bridge street. The plum was grown by Mr Goldsworthy, of Clones, and we are informed that the tree is loaded with similar fruit. Hnder filiating circumstances it would be very injudicious to publish " Old Miner's " letter, although the strictures are wen deserved, and therefore we have laid tb&t; letter abide. snereiore we We remind onr readers that a concert will be given this evening, at the Academy of Music, nnder the auspices of the Ballarat Bowling Club. Mrs Cutter (the favorite contralto) Ballarat's young prima donna (Miss A. M. Stone), Mrs Hurst, Miss Light, Mr J. W. Burton, Mr George Herbert, Mr V. WooloOok, and John Crowley are engaged for the • occasion, and the programme to be tendered Is really a most excellent CBS^and we hope to eeea good hoofe. as it may be a long time ere so good a concert Is offend to the Ballarat public. - The meeting of the Sebastopol Council, to have been held bat night, lapsed for want of a quorum. ^ We bave received, through Mr Gleiuiy, J.P., a copy rf ardrcnlar Just issued by the Victorian Podetv for the Prevention cf Cruelty to Anim.^ Jt contains eom* very sensffile remarks'noon the subject dealt with, and deserves to have s wide distribution. v.The hon. Major fi milh and Messrs Finoham and BaU will address the electors of Cherry-tree Flat this afternoon, at five o'clook; at Oddfellows' hall, Napoleons, at eeven o'clook; and at Fitridge's hotel, ' fcmbrian-.HiU, at eight o'clock. . Messrs Campbell and Finlayson will inset the eleotors of Ballarat West this evening, at the Black Hill State school, at seven o'clook; at Cummins' Mfllera' S f S ^ ^ g f e " oVJook; and at the Berth Star hotel, Soldiers' Hill, at nine o'clock. The electors of Granville will be addressed bv JWock, at Heritage's Half-way House hoteU and at half-past tight o'oTock, at Bnshby'a Flank Bead hotel _ Mr Brophy's Mends and supporters mat In full foree on Wedne8day e™ninp at Bdahnnty's Ormond Imtel, Ormond—Mr OssackTn tbe chair-ind formed themselves Into a committee of the whole. Am exsf ^ ^ S S T f ^ ° f fQrt 7-, fi !; 8 •<""> appointed to Work the district,-and every elector present expressed bis fatanUqn to do all in his power in favor oi ttocandl- Members cf tbe various looal hewlinjr clntw am remlndedthat a scratch matchwoi taiT£a„on the Ballaratbowling green (Partem OvaofthL rfte! BOOL Flay-to oommenoe at half-past 0«>e sharp. afternoon, at four o'alock. - ' There wDI be a full dlimotmted parade of tts Prfno. of Wales Light Horse^the U i ^ a a a b ^ ^ ^ The hour of selling tbe booths in cannestfam with tbe Bushy Park si Magpie, next Saturday evening, at eight o clock, similar meeting will be held at Korthage's Half-Way house this evening, at half-past seven. There was a blank charge-shett and cause-list at the Sebastopol Police Court yesterday. Messrs Bichardson, Sainebnry, and Taylor's North Oreawick committee will meet this evening at eight o'clock, at the Star hoteL Mr D. Brophy is announced f o address tbe e'ectors of Ballarat fast, at tbe police court, Junction, this evening, at eight o'dock. ~ Messrs Bichardson, Salnsbury, and Taylor, will address the electors of Creswick at.uroomfield next Saturday evening, at seven o'clock, and at Mount Prospect on Wednesday evening, at eight o'clock- A telegram (says the Age) was received on Wednesday from Maldon, intimating that Mr Blarney bad decided to continue the contest against Mr tSerrioo. A meeting of his friends and supporters was arranged to take place at Maldon to make arrangements for him to address the electors thrdbghout the district. Mr Blarney is well kno wn In Maldon for many years past, and his name has been identified with a number of mining enterprises calculated to benefit the district and provide employment. He is an able speaker, and a sound Liberal in politics. Mr William Gray on Wednesday gave his reply to a deputation which waited npon him on Tuesday, asking him to stand for East Bourke. He consented to stand in the Liberal interest, and expressed his determination to go to tbe polL The Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of Oddfellows of Viotoria commenced its annual meeting (says the Age) on Tuesday last, at the hall, in Busseu street. Abont ninety representatives from the various subordinate lodges tn Victoria, with three from New South Wales and One from Queensland, were present. Ths grand master, Mr William. Judge, opened the Grand Lodge punctually at noon. After the formalities connected with the opening of the lodge and the examination of credentials, a molim was carried that the various reports from the grand master and other offioere, -cf which printed ooplos were circulated amongst tho representatives, should be taken as read. The report ot the grand master was thee taken into consideration. From this It appears thst the order has made very rapid progress during the last twelve months, the most markel feature befog its extension in New South Wales, where' there are now 1 sixteen good lodges, with a roll of members sufficient to entitle them toagracd lodge of their own. Thegeneral funeral fond of the order has increased substantially, and has over £6l;00 to its credit.' The lodge met again on Wednesday. The report of the finance committee acd the balaooe-theet were received and adopted, together with the balance-sheet of the trustees of -the hall and asylum. The elwtJon of officers took place, with the following results:—Grand master, John Monday; deputy grand master, John Braim; grand warder, William Ludbrook; grand secretary, William Judge; grand treasurer, William Stirling. The salaiy of ths grand seoretiry was fixed at £160 per annum, his office to be at the hall. Beferring to a paragraph in Its issue of Wednesday, the Age says the Government undertaker writes that its correspondent has misrepresented ths facts concerning the burial cf a woman in Bouverie street He etates_ that he measured the body before taking the coffin in, which was lirge enough In every way. The body was so much decomposed that nobody oould atop near the place, and as soen aa it was moved the men were compelled to get a little brandy. There was no dray, but a single-horse hearse, and the horse did .not go out of a walk to tbe cemetery, as the son of deceased started at the same time, and was there before the hearse. fWe extract this paragraph because we published the first one.—ED. B. C.J It appears (says ths Jge) that Mr levers will not te Ale to stand for Carlton, owing to ths action taken by the City Council In prohibiting its officers from beooming candida'es for the A ssembly. It was anticipated that, in common fairness, a regulation ot this sort, passed at the last moment, and after Mr levers had declared his Intention to stand for Parliament, would not be persevered in. A meeting oi the legislative committee was to have been held on Wednesday to_ consider the advisability of rescinding the ride or withholding it for tbe time, but there iras no qnornm present.- 'i'his has been acoepted as an Indication of disinclination to re.-cind the regulation which prevents Mr levers, as an offioer cf the corporation, from sitting in Parliament; and he has,-consequently," re-; luctantly retired from the contest. There are now three.other oandidatas In the firld for Carlton, viz. Messrs J. Bobertson, W. EL Murphy, and Gardiner. . The pastorals issued by Archbishop Goold and the other Komin Cathollo bishops to ths members of his denomination, concerning the course recommended to be pursued at the general election, were conched (says the Age) in Btndionsly moderate terms, bnt it has been left to the minor clergy to assume a more dictatorial tone of telling Boman Catholic electors whom they shall support. As a specimen of the tone adopted we may give the following circular issued by Dean Geoghegan:—" Catholic Defence Association. At the approaohing eleotlons for the Kyneton Boroughs and Dalhousle, ft Is of fhe utmost importance that there should be no difference of opinion among our people. I wish again to support the two old members, Messrs Young and Duffy, and request that nothing will be left undone to secure their re-election. —HORATIO GEOGHEGAW, Dean. The Beaneiy Eyneton, 13th February, 1880." The Eon. William 'Wilson, H.L.O., having resolved (says the Telegraph) to pay a flying visit to the old country, leaves by the It M 8. Siam on Friday. Mr Wilson does not antioipate being absent more than six months from the colony. On Tuesday he was entertained at a complimentary dinner by a number of personal fijonds at Ihe Australian Olub, who thus wished him bon voyage. A bush-fire en Sunday last (says the Gedong Ad• vertiser) burnt abont ten miles of fencing en the Ingleby estate. Fully 150 persons in the district assisted in endeavoring to extinguish tbe fire, and through their exertions a large staok containing several thousand bushels of wheat and oats, the property of Mr Smith, of Blrregurra, was saved from the devouring element. ". 