DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRE AT ROCHESTER. (ABRIDGED FROM THE BENDIGO ADVERTISES, JAN. 16.) The extensive bash fires which raged in the Rochester district on Tuesday caused serious loss to a large number of persons. Mr. P. Doherty estimates the amount of damage caused to his property at £400, whilst many other persons are losers through the fire to the extent of £190 or thereabouts. The fire appears to have originated in a paddock belonging to Mr. Macpherson, situated in Rochester West, about three miles from the township. The direct cause of the fire breaking out is not known, but it is believed to have orginated through the negligence of some swagmen who left a camp fire smouldering in the paddock. The fire is supposed to have broken out between half past 10 and 11 o'clock in the morning. Mr. Macpherson's paddock is a 320-acre block, ana adjoins a selection of 100 acres in extent belonging to Mr. J. T. Brown. The llames spread along the dividing fence be tween the two holdings in a southerly direc tion through the paddock of Mr. Brown. A quantity of fencing and grass was consumed. The flames then spread across into the selec tion of Mr. A. Macpherson, brother of the person in whose paddock the fire is supposed to have originated. A considerable quantity of fencing was destroyed. The fire spread through the grass with enraordinary rapidity, and defied every effort made to check it by the neighbours. Mr. Macpherson's house is situated at one end of the selection, and was saved from- the ievouring element only through the combined and continued exertions of a number oi men who beat oat the flames with boshes as they approached the building. The fire.afto consuming every think inflammable whicl it reached in the paddock,fthen took a auotherly direction, and crossed a road separating Macpherson's pad-, dock from Mr. O. Sweetnan's holding of 180 acres. The house on the kttev, together with several stacks of hay, narrowly escaped. After passing through the paddock,, the flames Beized on Mr. P. Doherty'e selection of 100 acres, in -which a number of cattle fetid Bbeep were gracing. Tie animals, terrified by the approaching lames; fled from the paddock. and have not yet been re covered. Besides about tlree miles of fencing 16 acres of a growing crop of wheat were Vrrtt * oue^taJn no dbtaele : ; hVr.f ifi.w&ib;'Ql l"h >., v, ; ich mqised ? .?w>raKi.\i.er -ij "x' aor.'i bUongiM *.* , &-*.! ' v u. grass and '.?jic'uv tht?w>," I.'. . c>ytfi.c«r «m .the svstw, to ? ' .. ioct or about £60,. : a:'c;ij;n tue burn;':-.- ho fei-.e? surround i -it i£.'.xk. . ?? \\-.k oi vc-^i Ijr 50 acres '? ,-<ek!agin|i ; .'.ir, .V. hv^wiBe dis<' ?? Vriiii. Ai Chapj-H iioldiiag i ert caught, , jit. Jt-.t ?;v. '.sod from flip Rocbfifctcr i-ajr eua m. i;.*nes being in auch - S v ; proximity to '!>' towmrtrip, ejrated co .?: ':(«tbl<> ..:ia intne ii.iuGK o* >ur. the. dents .lor the BflfaLj jj 6*i<icncec jid confce ?i ai'iitiy & iiifte nurabt? peopte ?i'umed:out tc cvwHuwur, by svnissi action,' tc tbe further jjv j» cas of ik- fire. Mr.* C.ftppf-i'ti ground igriir?* acrer. n extent, but wae- thickly, covered with ijaberabAt . grass. His private reL'/ier.cef coitsiftiiigag a \ weatherboard bouae, cntainirif *ix rooms/ , considered ifl $rreJ dangei oV <astinttttioV \ .itr the flames re.'Mly broached k> wards !if,3 A quantity o f furniture was consequently re moved. andthe grass immediately surround ing the house waa burned off bef orethe flames from the bushfire reached it. A large number of people Btrenuously endeavoured to beat oat the flames by means of bnshes, bags, &c.;, bat they only succeeded in diverting the coursi of the tire to the back of the house. Sir. .Chappel stated .that the llames tra velled at the rate of a mile in 20 minutes, as when he first observed them they were about a taile distant, but reached his property in the space mentioned. About 30 volunteers worked most assiduously in endeavouring to extinguish the fire. Many of them were slightly Bcorched, and although, owing to the tailing trees and branches, much risk was encountered, fortunately no accidents occurred. The fiameB Bpread across the railway line, and nearly consumed a ganger's house, which was only saved after considerable trouble. The mam three chain SandhnrBt road was spanned by the llames in a most -extraordinary manner. There is not a vestige of grass or other vegetation growing on the road, yet the fire by some unaccountable means leaped acrosB it, and after burning a few acres in Mr. P. M'Cormick's paddock, spent itself without causing much more damage. Prior to reaching Mr. Chappel's land the flames branched off in a north-easterly direction, and traversed Mr. P. Hannan's holding, causing much damage by the destruction of fences, &c.; Mellen's Railway Hotel was imperilled for some time, but the fire was suc cessfully combated at this point. A house in Mr. Human's paddock, occupied by John Moore, also narrowly escaped destruction. After passing another chain road, the flames reached a paddock held by Mr. Simm, batcher, of Rochester. A quantity of fencing was burned, and the slaughter-yard narrowly escaped. The fire,afterproceedingthroughanother paddock, owned by Mr. Doherty, was at last got under through the, efforts of a number of men who worked againBt it in a most determined manner. For a distance of about two miles down the railway line the fire bnrned fiercely in some of the paddocks, as iB evidenced by the charred and blackened state of the conntry. The fire is said to be the most dis astrous that ever happened in the Rochester district A large fire is reported to have been raging on Thursday on Messrs. Winter's estate, Col binabbin. It was stated that a considerable quantity of fencing had been destroyed, and it was feared that the surrounding selections would suffer severely through the conflagra tion. 