-v ^Da'iMvINGTONEOINT. [inojt.'brit owtf icpunKarbrrjjBNT.] Is my last cdrr^spondbnuQTanmmarised tho - nfftiirs of tljiR district under'tho alliturutivo : headings-of the heat/ tho holidays and tho hilarities.-' It hits my humour to continue in tlio present communication thu alliterative straining and exhaust our local memorabilia of.this inaiio under tho triplo alliteration of the conventions," tho" "-casualties.- and*vtho~ crimes. In releronce to tho fit at, it deserves to bo recorded :tlmt , comings logoUier^ havo bcou very frequent ami plentiful of lUo. .Our Frfic:8clei:t(jr3',Aasncjatjon is. no longer ; what Bcaebnafiold caUed" tlie'Ghi'lBtono A luT*"" istry—" An exhausted';yolcano.n On tho contrary, under its now bflieershipit is show ing unmistakable signs of vitality and energy, and in point of- fact is 'somuwhat iii Jdangor of getting out of breath from ao . much .effort of specchifyirig,*petitionihg, and cxereising.l v The everlasting ; laud squabble,'is now dividing tho honours of debate with the prevailing railway-mania, and the country tsidp is alive with the dual cry ofUnlock the t reserves 1" ' " Oppose the/ northern ( survey 1" The meaning of this local "hurly-> burly"1 is simply this—certain of our pas toral lessees aro " trying it on" a little too far, with the "Crown reserves," and the tocsin of war has been sounded from the free-selector's camp, and thero is qui to an. unusual flutter'of remonstrating, memorial-' ising, and deputation-mongoring !' ; V) But there is ccumi convcnl'mm which is rallying residents of Argoou, Kulki, Waddi, , and Darlington Point iu the interchanges of frionclly greeting and reciprocal .interest.. It has long been felt by certain of our most \ enterprising settlors thai thcir.small pastoral, holdings might be utilised to muoh greater advantage tlmn at present, if they could .manage to combine wheatgrowing with wool growing j but tho principal objoction agarinst; cereal culture, lrithorto, has beon tlio non-;, existence of a mill and the practical inaccessi bility of a market. This obstuclo our local storekeepers (Messrs. liichard Billington and Co.) propose to remove, by tho immcdiato. erection of a flour mill, in consideration of a guarantee from the district farmers that a specified area of land should bo simultaneous^ put under crop during tho forthcoming season.. .In order to settle the preliminaries of this joint undertaking, a meeting has been called for the 31st instant, at Arnold's Waddi Hotel, when a goodly gathering is confidently expected. " Movingaccidcnts by flood and fiold " have beon rather frequent and formidable of late. By "flood" we have had sundry cases of drowning on the part of travelling swagsmeu, whoso natatory abilities were evidently not ^ equal to their natatory propensities, and who succumbed accordingly. By ••flood", also,: we have to chronicle the submersion of a largo, river barge, loaded with miscellaneous stores.-. By "flood," too, the loss of 22 head of fino fat travelling stock, the property of Dr. Bfair, of Warrego station, Queensland. This accident occurred whilst crossing tho cattle at. • tho Bluff—the money loss in the misadventure representing some £200. It speaks volumes for tho tenderness of our commercial civilisa tion, that the drowned swagsmcn have excited but feeble interest in comparison with tho drowned bullocks. The bullocks represented so much current coin of tho realm; the swagsmen (souls and bodies) represented no thing but the want, the suffering, the sorrow., of our troublesome humanity ! By " field,"* wo haro had frequent visitations of dust storms, whirlwinds, and incipient bush-fires. Thcso last dreaded calamities luckily took place under singularly fortunate1 circum stances. Not a breath of wind was'stirrings at the time, and abundance of the available - manhood and womanhood of: tho localities in question was promptly to tho rescue. Whirlwinds have been playing very,roughly with somo of. ouv corrugated iron roofs, and ) in tho instance of Mr. Edward Lander,%J;P., dismantled; part of the house,^and caused1 considerable.iuconvonionce and damage. In regard to tho criminal /record,:ofj this particular district, perhaps "iho least' said1' tho soonest mended." .It i? nofcra""cor*"' respondents province: to chrouicle;6r comment upon tho proceedings of Polico Courts, aud it is certainly, far,.from bis prcmisp to, forestall their verdict's or oven the vcrdiots of public1 opinion. One thing, howovor, is very certain ; tho general moral tono' of ' this' district is unquestionably good. There may bo occasional lapses /'into' » drunkenness, debauchery, awki dishonesty, but theso lapses aro exceptional, and only serve to prove and establish tlio general rulo of right and honour; prevailing amidst all classes of society at Darlington Point. ,■ •/ "/ 