WATER COMMISSION. Friday, 30th January. Present—Crs Morrison (chairman), Josephs, Fer guson, Dunn, Robertson, Gary, Wilson, Williams, James, Hickman, Turpie, Leggo, Claxton. Corresponence.-From Mr John Kelsall, complain- ,iog p£ :the' ; wator;'supply • to his tannery works;: Bunih-v yong road,'and, stating that ho -hadvWd ont £l7 in', water-pipes, of a large kind, and bad previouslyexpeiided’ £75 before using a gallon of the commission’*Water.'The writer also pointed onfrthat : thosa'who paid $d per 1000 galshad;a'continuous- Buppljr,'whi)obepaid 6d per. 1000- and always ahort.of, .water.--Eeforred to tha works 1 committee's; report.:!,- From, the -Corn Exchange Com-’ pany, etatihg;tbat .the water-supply- ceased: on Priday : last, andßad' not been Sines' rtnarrod.' The letter also', pointed out that some "cpoShmers wasted 'Water' to ah extravagaritextent, and’suggestedthattha supply; to batWries.be.out off for iwo hours-.each day.—Referred to.the report of. the, works committee,•-'* From Messrs' Randall, - Mitchell, -and • ■ Nevitt; ‘ '■solicitors,' on. behalf of the Bungareeshire Council,;'. asking for pay* ' moot of- - £soo' due : as first.'. And second : of rate made in September, !1879,arid stating that unless payment, with costs, was. arranged within-seven days; legal proceedings would.be tafcemfor the recovery of the' . money.W-Referred' to the; special' 'committee appointed' to .report upon the affairs of the oommigsion. From thej Band :and Albion' Gorisbls Company^ : 'stating that ;■ they were erecting a 40-head stamp battery hear, the Barkly: street bridge; and would require a constant supply- of, water equalto 320 gallons per minute in addition to the' quantity now consumed, and asking if the present ser -rice' would; be sufficient to accommodate the Referred to the werks committee for report. .. From the. Central Bowling'Club, stating that, they would comply with the request of the'commission, to obtain a meter for use at the green.—Received. From the town clerk; Ballarat: Bast, with letter from Mrß. J. Strickland, -complaining - of' the old - race from Kirk’s dam being a nuisance,, and requesting the commission to do away with it.—Received. .The chairman’ stated that the work was being done.- ■ ' ■ ~ : ' ■ Finance.—The following accounts were passed for payment:—Labor; .£69 14s 4d; livery and cab Hire, £3 8s 8d; T. Brudenell,. 15s; J. iSmith, 20s;’'total,' £74 17s 4d. .. ■ . - -■ Collector’s Report.—Thia> stated that the receipts since last meeting amounted to £559 6s sd.—Received. - Works Committee’s Report.—!. Application of Mr J. Cummins for permission to pass through the reserve at the Yankee-Mill paddock—Your committee cannot recommend complitmce with this application.—Adopted. 2\. Complaint of Mr John Hardy—Your committee re commend that, Mr Hardy’s application for an inch ser vice to his: premises at Wendduree.be.- granted without, prejadice.to the legal rights of the commissioners. . Adopted.. 3. Complaints from consumers of the insnffi-.' oieney of the, supply of. water for domestic and ether purposes on the Geelong road—Your committee, having regard to complaints as above, faavegiveninstructions to the foreman of works to stop the supply to the batteries in the vicinity of the Geelong road for six hours per day, in order thaf, domestic and other consumers may; obtain a supply sufficient for their wants—Adopted.- Cr Robertson, on the adoption of the report, asked the chairman if it was true'that some mining companies were filling up their dams from tho commission’s reset-, voirs, and that in consequence the reservoirs had been' lowered 4 feet in the course of two weeks. He (Cr Robertson) had been told that such was the case by two members of tho commission, and ha wanted to get at the truth. The chairman stated that he ; had instructed the foreman of works to make an inspection of the dams. complained of. Mr Cameron had done so, but had been unable to detect • the waste . complained of. Cr Robertson then asked if it was true ‘ that the reservoirs had gone down 4 feat in two weeks;' Mr Cameron stated ithatit was true. Cr Wilson then pointed out that no matter what was the. cause of'. the lowering of the reservoirs, the commission had.the. fact that the water' was fast decreasing before them, and steps should be taken to find out exactly how the extravagant waste was occasioned, and to "prevent it in luture. .The dis-. oussion then ceased. Chairman’s Report.—Notice to tax costs in re Young and M’Guigan—The- 'notice of intentdn 'to submit plaintiffs' costs for taxation whs served upon .the com mission’s solicitors, and' it was' expected that a com mencement would be made with i the same on -Monday next. Wilful.,waste of water—Serious complaints had been and were still made of wilfulwaste, of water through ' the , use of syphon . pumps. The chairman, the - report efated, "was person ally disinclined to proceed against offenders whae.bat-. teries'obtained water at Jdper 1000! gallons. - Removal of grass from reserves—'Tho report stated that arrange- -, menta bad been made for greater facilities being given for the rempvalof tho grass.—A long discussion ensued; over the clause in the report dealing wjth tho syphohs.' Cr Robertson did not think that the chairman-.should go behind'the regulations of the commission inso ex pressing his opinion. Cr Wilson agreed with the chair man’s opinion. He felt just the. same as Cr Morrison on the question, • but had no - doubt tbat the chairman, like, every other commissioner present, 1 would be only too ready to carry' out the wishes !,ofj the commission, but at the same time the cb'airman.had a perfect right to express his privafo. opinion on . the matter. Cr James defended the miners against the im plied charge of wasting water.' He could show coun cillors more waste within a few hundred yards of the' commission’s office than all the water, used by. the bat torias’ln Rallayat. The minors were made a stalking horse of in the matter, The reservoirs hid been con structed to supply the miners with .water, (A voice— “ Let the miners pay the interest on the cost then.”) Other councillors addressed themselves to the question, several being of opinion that the charge to the battery owners would have to be raised from 3d to 6d per. 1000 gallons. The chairman explained that he ;had ho .wish bo say a word against the miners for consuming water' .at £d per 1000 gallons, -but h a was of opinion that the commission would be compelled to inoreqse the charge tq the miners if the present dry summer continued. Some further discussion of au irrelevant nature took place, and the. report was then adopted; the chatrmrn stating -that Mr Cameron, the foreman of works, bad . reported that the decrease of water at the reservoirs was alarmingly great, and that waste must be cbocked : and every possible means employed to conserve the water in the face of summer heat. Foreman's Report.—l. Retailing works on reserves. 2, Reporting as to bushfires on the reserves. 3. Draw ing attention to the state of the crossing over the tram road, at the Black Swamp. 4. Stating that timbnr covering the' valve-house at Kirk’s dam was 'decayed.— I The report was adopted, the 3rd and. 4th elapses to. bp referred- to tho works com mittee, with , power to act,- Cr. Wilson- said that he had lately visited the reserves, and had found the undergrowth very.thiok. He .wished to know, whether if the ranger bad additional assistance he could cut down the grass effectually so as to prevent the spread and outbreak of fires; The foreman replied that the growth of the grass was eo great’that 20 men could not keep it down, or at least clear ft off, Water in Reservoirs. —The depth of water was re ported as follows : —Beale’s, 12 ft. 3 io.; Pincott’s, 7 ft. 9 in.; weir basin full; Kirk’s, 33 ft. 10 in.; Gong Gong, 62 ft. The chairman stated that there was about three weeks’ more supply, of water in the forest dams than at the same period of the year 1879, Water Meters. —A report by Mr Qamoron was laid on the table dealing in an exhaustive manner with the question of : the use of water-meters. The gist of the report was to the effect that the use of- meters had proved an advantage to both the commission and the consumer in oases where large quantities of water were used. The report dealt with thb'various' kinds of meters in use, and concluded with a recommendation that the use of meters be continued.—Received and adopted. Qensral Business.—The chairman suggested that the report of tho public works- oqmmittqo dated IQth'Rs cember he struck out of. tho husiaoss-shoet. This re? port dealt with the cutting down of the expenses of the j gotUUlisbian by reducing the salaries of the officers, The chairman stated that hg thought the •oißtniandn could, manage to null througbl if it was to pull through at all, without nutting down the salaries of .its officers. - The j commission was all but defunct, and nothing- but a miracle—perhaps a “ Ministerial miracle”—could save it. from dissolution. Soho thought that the salaries of the i servants of the commission did not much affect the position. After some remarks from Cr Robertson, the chairman’s suggestion was adopted. New Water Rafog.—Th° report of the aqmmlttee of I the whole bn the question of increasing the revenue of ] tlio commission was road at considerable length; The first'clause recommended that the charge for water to mining companies be, 'ripsed to 24 per 10Q0 gallons. j\\.(ter some dtaousaionj Cr Wilsqn movad—i‘ That water - to bo used for paining-purposes be charged at the rate of 2d per 1000 gallons.” '-Ho stated, that the question had been fully discussed, and that he woiilij.mot say another word. ' Or 1 Eobertsoii seconded the motion, stating thgt thqUgh }ie did so, he wassufg that quart*, jh many instances' could pot, be mpde .tq pay at the rata pamod! The motion was carried, the increase im rates' to, taka place on hud after,.tha-Ist- February. -.The 1 second clause recommended-that’ manufacturers be, charged Is per- 1000 gallons. Crßobertson;moved' the * adoption ‘of the clause, ‘ Cr ; Wiiliama- seconded the motion, dr \viison , moved as an ; amendment-- ■ “Ttaf this 'clause. and the. rest-!of the- report be postponed until next meeting-- Cr Claxteu seconded the amendment, stating that the great-waste of water by the mining companies' having’beah .stonpod by.the,', impost of 2d per 1000 gals., there would be time to revise the rates charged for other purposes. _Ors James; Williams, and Robertson objected to the tenor .of Or Claxton’s remarks, , Cr James becoming .somewhat .excited, and characterising the carried; to' ; advance tho rates charged to .the niiijers as. upjvufc, and as a cut and dried the nunera, Cr, f Wilson .'stated that he looked' advance in the: ,’ raies aa a mero matter‘ of'- justice irrespeotlvQ of all private considerations. He:, was of . opinion . that in • the -•fntnrei the > price * of" water _ would have io ' be 'raißed still*■ for' mining.; (Hear, hear, from several j coun i cilfors.) ■ • The aniendniQnt : Was ;th6B wifchdrawh, and the l motion was mended that the’qhargs'for water to the insti : tutions hg fid per JQOQ gallpna.—refidmni§ndatiQtt was'carried. The fourth and fifth olaueea reooxnmonded lhatthoobarge tocrioket, bowling, and othefolubs be 6d.—The clauses were carried. The sixth clause recom mended that water forirrigatihg gardens be charged at Is per 1000 gallons.—This clausawas carried. • Clause 7 recommended thathotelkeepers be charged 20s peraanum for syphons.—Carried. Clauses, fountains, 10s; per annum.—-Carried. ' Clause 9 recommended that water* troughs.be charged'at 10s each per annum.—Carried. Clause .10, Mechanics* Institute to be charged £5 per annum .in additio.n. to the. charge under assessment. —Carried. ' Clause:!!, the : School of Mines, ’Free ■Libraries, Fire Brigade stations,- Refuge, and .caretakers’. .houses in‘publiogordens, to-be charged .20* each; pef Clause 12, that.the, minimum‘quan- J titycf water to.’be charged for. ip each' base where water is •' supplied .by ; measure! .should : bo 25,030. gallons per .quarter.—Carried, 'The report was then adopted as-a' whole. ■'.'.'V'"" Keport :bf‘Special -Committee.-|-Tho report of'the special committee.' dealing with the .whole of the matters, in i connection:, With 7 } the - ; commission's affairs :in:rt the i .Gong Gong cpntraot,‘;tha works, the. dispute .with"the .opntraotors.dhe engineer, the ‘charge of; Collusion,., the;verdict, the new trial} and the:present' position'•;audprospedta of J thecommission, firming a, document extending, over a large.', huinber ,ef . sheets of brief paparjwaa then rekdbytha seoretaryi and boohpied: about half an hour .in gettingthrough. Atits conclusion Cr Glaitod moTsd;that the report be.adopted} and that if bo advertised in the local 1 papers; . together with’, the statement of the commission’s receipts andexperidituro :for. the half-year ehdihg r '3lat'. l3eosmher,;,;lB79, .iCr Robertson, in tiresome/ fashion,l : tooh' seTerm, objections to statementa opntained in the report, saying that the : history, of the commission in its -. -relations- with tho don bract audits lawsuit' was a soatidalbns one. ' M’s.L.A. , had demanded that£lo,ooo should* bn paid by the law! committee id’ ‘Messrs .Young an'd ; . M'Guigau overaud above '.the ' sum ’decidedupon '-hy. 'the -Supreme. Court, ‘.and : had .threatenod that if this were not done' they would;stonewall. the bill .‘which the oommissslon desired! to pass tho Assembly,' authorising tho ebmmis- - aioh to -lety rales- and- issue debentures, to euabletham .to .meet'their 'engagements to the'cpntraoto'rs and the Government. (Cries of “ Oh. ohj’l ahd name.) Well, ho would allpwptha.press tol!give.;,thav names .of the ;M’a.L.A. .if they, chose. It had, been stated: at that table:by two members of Parliament that: the. sum named must be paid. 1 (A CommisstbnSr—The ioern '.hers are not now present; 1 it,is unfair to .mention the. subject in their absence'.”) Cr Robertson did not oare. Would .the -‘commissioners allow a statement, to go forth tothe world which disguised facts? The press and its contributors had vilified the commisson, 7 and'it was only right that the truth and all the trulh should now be published. Re suggested that as the Argus had been the chief paper in condemning the.commission, that journal would rio 'doubf be pleased to have the manuscript re-. . port! furnished'to if for free.publioation. (A laugh.) ARsr some further discussion, the chairman suggested*, andX'r Wilson.supported the suggestion, that.no undue basts should be exorcised in the publication of the je poitl ' Some ’amendments might suggest themselves _ after the report 'was id tyjje. It might bo desirable 1 that the commissioners’ solioitor should first peruse the' report! and then it could be published, as thel'bbmmia- 1 sion had hothihg to conceal in. the matter. Mt was .ulti mately resolved' that! after perusal by the solicitor, the. report should be published in the newspapers in full. Half-yearly. Balance-sheet.—The statement of ra-- ceipts and evpenditura of .the commission for the half year ending 31st December, 1879, was read and adopted. 1 : ' The commission then adjourned.;!‘ ,! 