WAGGA "WAGGA. By far the moBt singular experience we have had for some time came to tis during tho pn'st week in the weather as pects. In tho early part of the wecK it was intensely hot with hot winds blowing, changing to dead sultriness, on Wednesday evening with, as we thought, sure indications of immediate rain. At night, thuuder and lightning for a time increased tho hopo of rain, but instead, wo had a storm , of the kind known os a duststorm, whioh raged with the most virulent fury for hours. The wind, so to speak, hugged the ground nil through, and I havo heard some almost fabulous stories of the lifting of bodies of great weight, and carrying them a considerable distance." AVhile it lasted, it was truly an awful night ; the heat was intense, and every house was fairly filled almost to the degree . of suffocation by the dense clouds of dust. Shortly before daybreak, relief came in the desired' rainfall, which continued throughout the .day, giving us at least throe-quarters of an inch as tho i-eçistor for the time.' The chango was a welcome one, and the r*in will be hailed by the pastoralist as a boon, inas much ns it will materially tend to getting rid of the grass seed nuisance. After the rain came singularly cold weather, indeed so oold for a portion, at any rate, of the following day, that rubbing the hands for warmth washy no means looked upon as a piece of superfluous effort. Thc nominations for tho Turf Club Produce Stakes wero published on Friday last, and make a very respectable show. For tho Sires' Produce Stakes, 1382-3,' 81 nomina tions have been made, tho Mares' Produce Stakes for the same period producing 53 names. For the Derby of '81, 17 horses are nominated, and 15 for tho Leger of 1882. On tho samo day second payments were announced fer -the Sires' and Mares' Produce Stakes, 1831-2, there being 20 for tho former and 17 for the latter. Another item of sporting news from tho district is to bo notod in tho purchaso.of tho horse Emerald by Mr. P. Cox from Mr, W. Yeomans. Emerald passed through last week on route to Merringareen. Wo have been having a little of the -edncation aud beer mixture for the last few days,'in tho action of a number of Eoman Catholic publicans. Mr. Spiers, of tho firm of. Godhard and Spiers, was ono of the speakers at the recent meeting on tho Education Bdl. Nothing could be more moderata than his spaech in supporting tho bill. Tho pub licans, referred to, however, appear to think themselves nggrieved by Mr. Spiers's simple assertion of his conclusions, and accordingly entered into a sort of compact to bny no moro beer from tho firm of which Mr. Spiors is a member. A paper was drawn up by ono boniface who objected to vend tho secularist's beer, and this was taken to a'number of others who signed it, a very small number refusing to do so. My inf ormation about the nrocious documents conies from ono of tho Roman.Catholic publicans who refused, and he was pretty warrabin Iiis denunciation of this impudent attempt to m ix np trade audreügion in this manner, and in troduce a feature in our social lifo which, if not stamped out at once by public f corn, would end iu makiug every man in trade afraid loibavc tho courage of his convictions on any snbject whatever. Tho Wagga Chamber of Commerce has nwakoucd to tho necessity of recognising the fact of ita existence, and has, after a very long interval of sleep, held a meeting. Tho chair was occupied by Mr. H. E..Russell, president of the chamber, and it was decided to ngbato for a three timoB-n-wcek mail through to Hay, the three-dny-mail at present being only extended to Nornndera. Amongst other subjects, discussed, that of trucking yardB for stoak, at South Wagga, had some proihinenco, and tho town clock and its vagaries also formed a subject of dis cussion. The several needs considered, it -was decided Bbould lie properly represented to tho several deportments concerned, and it was resolved that the meetings of the chnmber should be hehl regularly each month for the. future. On Wednesday evening lost n bushfire took place near" . Mr. M. H. Devlin's Oakhill Station, North Wagga. It was ; ; foared in town that Mr. Devlin's house was destroyed, but, : happily, the Hames did not reach thc homestead. It is said: that something over six milesiof graBshavobeen destroyed hy tho spread of this lire over the Eunonyareenh'a ?'. country. Yesterday a girl named Emily O'Brien, who was living at a place called. Tho Willows with a number of other girls, went into the river to bathe. incantinnsly selected ,a spot whero tho water was .over 30ft deop,.and was drowned. The body has not yet been found,.and I ara unable to givo any fnrtherpnrtictilars nntd tho inqnost hits been held. .. Tho Irish Famine has zouscdi tho sympathy of some of thc residents, and arrangements are being made to hold ajpnblic meeting. Aa tho district contributions have in variably neon liberal for all public collections, I am sure I am not overconfident in predicting a large result from, this effort to assist tho peoplo of. Ireland. - 