MELBOURNE. (FEOH OVB. OWS COEE.ESPOXDEST.) "Wednesday Evening. I have little time to write of politics. The Cabinet sat again at three to- day, and irill not rise until a late hour, in all pro bability after eleven. Mr Patterson is wroth respecting the statement that men were dismissed from employment at track cutting in Gippsland to make room for Csstlemarners. He has formally denied the statement, and intends gently allud ing to it again when Parliament meets. The returns showing the financial state of the Tarions departments are well ad vanced towards completion, and will he ready before the end of next month. I suppose it has net been forgotten that the present year is the decennial period in which the general census should be taken. The Government have a hill mak ing provision for this in active prepara tion, and the date fixed will, as nearly as possible, correspond with that on which the poll of the people is taken in Great Britain. The actual day has not, as yet, been derided by the Cabinet. In the face of the result of the case of X>ocke v. Gatehouse, and the constant re ports of past fooleries committed by the sycophants of the hair-brained € mayor, which are town gossip every week, is it not about time that the name of Mr Alderman Gatehouse should be removed from the guest list at Govern ment Hon3e 1 As far as I can learn there were only twenty-seven deputations to Ministers this morning. Many of these were on interesting subjects, such as the removal of night-soil, the forming of roads, the obtaining of funds for local bodies, and like ihriHingly sensational matters. Some were from districts in which, you take little interest, such as Cxanboume, Dandenong, Brighton, Xarra Bank, etc. ; some were purely local; some bad little general importance. But it was noticeable throughout thai the answers given #o these by each" Minister had a singular likeness : " Feel every disposi tion to give favorable consideration;" '"no cash in the Treasury " will refer to the Cabinet"—was throughout the refrain. Considering the number and nature of the demands, this was not surprising, and young Ministers who have not been, like Mr Koberi Clarke, in their time cham jion- deputafionists themselves, might well feel appalled at the number and varieiyof the demands made urron them. The ion. ihe Commissioner of Water Supply is pushing on rigorously the pre liminary "wort necessary to the elabora tion of a comprehensive system of con serving and conveying water to all classes, and especially to the farmers on the plains. Eext week Mr Gordon, C.E., and Mr Black start for East Eoddon, where they will inspect and report upon the war across the Loddon river, and will afterwards, as rapidly as possible, examine and report upon the Goulbum, Swan Hrb, Ysrrawonga, and Echuca districts, in that order. Messrs Bods and M'Coll had a long interview with the Minister of Mines to day, to ask that authority he given for a contour survey of the line of the proposed canaL Most voluminous statements were laid before the Minister, to which each of the deputationists addressed himself at considerable length, Mr M'Coll contend ing that irrigation without drainage was valueless, ancl that both would be pro vided for by canalisation, and detailing his personal experiences in examining ihe country through which the canal is to pass. He alleged that if the Govern men would only stamp the scheme with approval 33 practicable, and survey it to show that the levels were right, and that there was a fall from the Goulburn to the Xoddon, there would he little i difficulty in carrying out the under- i taking. Mr Clark said he desired to I meet the immediate requirements of the settlers on the plains, and hoped they would be able to givemostof them water for domestic purposes by next summer. He did not think, having regard to the more pressing work in which the departmental surveyors were engaged, that there would be any chance of getting the contour survey required made for the next twelve months. It would be a serious thing for ihe Government to put the stamp of its approval on such a scheme in order to in duce private persons to invest capital in it- He would, however, take Mr Gordon's opinion upon the subject as soon as it could be obtained, but the Government would carry out first the supply of water for domestic purposes. Deputations ■wanting rail ways from Hor sham to Dimboola, Shepparton to Pieola, and Melhonrne to Frankston, besides a number of other minor requests, were re ceived by the Commissioner of Railways ro-day. Mr Gillies' reply to all was the same—he had no money available for any new works- The only consolation given was that the requests would receive every consideration. Anumber of farmers from the Goulburn "Valley, including a widow, whose crops were destroyed by a bush-fire, said to be ! caused by sparks from a locomotive, waited on the Commissioner of Railways, to request that he would ask Parliament to compensate them for their losses- Mr \- Gillies promised to have a report fur nished, on receipt of which he would Wither consider the matter. There is little to report in connection with the diphtheria and measles outbreak. One mild case of ■mtxitApx has been re ported from Brunswick, and a passenger hy the Loch Shi el died last night at Col liugwood. The mail steamer Assam left to-day for Galle. There were only a few passengers on hoard, but she takes a valuable ship ment of gold and specie. Mr Creswick, the well-known actor, was a passenger to Adelaide. All the gold was shipped by the Bank of Kew Zealand, and .vas Rew Zealand produce. The consignment amounted to 12.2 lloz., and was rained at £4S.SS0. The Bank or 2few South Wales sent 102,000 sovereigns, and the Oriental 5000\. The total value of the gold and specie shipment was £150,00S. The Richmond magistrates this morn ing committed a young man named J. T. M'Henry for trial, on a charge of assault with inteut to inflict grievous bodily harm, and wilful damage to property. Early in the present month the accused got pos session of a revolver, and flourished it about promiscuously, threatening to shoot his wife and sundry other persons. To show that the weapon was loaded he put a bulletthroagh a door, and no fewer than sixteen bullets were found in his posses sion. He tried to get off on. the ground that he was drunk at the time, and ex pressed regret, but the Bench dealt with him as above. 