COVfNTRY NEWS. arOmrour own-Corresponde NORTqJAM.-(Jan. 27th,)-I have very little in the shape of news, this week, so am fain to.begin in the usual style, about the. weather, which continues very hot, almost unbearable, both by night and by day. The harvesting is all over, as nearly so, and I am. happy to say with very favourable results. The prices are not yet fixed, but small quantities of wheat have been purchased at 4s. cash, barley at ss. per. bushel. The general selling price may be considered at from 4s. 6d. per bushel, for wheat, and 3s. 3d. for barley. If we only had a railway, or even a tram way connecting these dis tricts .with the capital, the market would soon be glutted with breadstuffs of our own production, thereby rendering the protective duty superfluous. Wescarcely hear anything up here about the first section of the. " East ern Railway," It is a work that has but little interestto us, people appear to dislike speaking, or writing on the subject. If the first section had been began here it would have done some good;but that anygood will arise from it where it is-is very doubt ful. The election fever seems to have died away in this place. Sometime ago we were all red hot, responsible government men, now, most of our electors are but lukewarm in the matter. It appears no one is going to contest these districts with Mr. Shenton, some think it would be .useless to do so, but I believe that if a suitable can didate entered'the lists, it would not be the "walkover" that some of the Northamites fancy ? Now is tlhe time for action, I trust our fellow colonists vill--op-dve equaiVt the occasion, and rally round and support the Scandidates- l who -make-esponsible--govern meit theirplafform,,together with reproduc tive puiblic ivorks; andplump for them. Let- deoeds~fiiF t vords, be your watmchword. On Friday evening the 23rd'inst.. the young men of Northam gave a " Mechanics Ball" in Mr. Leeders fine room. Invites were sent to about 15 couples, and a most enjoyable evening was spent by all, the only drawback was the heat. Great credit is due to the stewards, Mr l. "R. Graves, Mr. Joseph Morrell, and Mr. James Delmage. The catering was done by Mrs. Jas. Delmage. Dancing.was kept up till 5 o'clock in the morning. I hear that a Quadrille Assembly is going to be started here, if so, it will be hailed with joy by most of us. The Roman Catholics are going to have .a Bazaar and Tea Meeting, and general Dramatic Enter tainment, on Easter Monday, the proceeds to be devoted to the purchase of a musical instrument for the New Chuch of St. Joseph. We may expect a treat, as a most attractive programme'is in! course of preparation. YORK.-(January 28, 1880.)-Election matters are receiving great attention at the present moment hereabou-ts.Twocrndidates have appeared in the field, both good and true, and their supporters are working with a will to ensure success. The contest will be a tough one, and itis well it should be so, as the questions propounded are great and in volve much consideration as to the future of *the colony. The reform party have already shewn their colors in the shape of stirring placards, while their opponents appear to* take things much more coolly, which per hiaps, is suggestive of their confidence. Rob beries have been rather more numerous in this locality during the past month than for some years.a The police are doing their best but have been so far unsuccessful in nailinur the gentlemen who are "wanted." In one case, however, sharp was the word and quick the motion-as Messrs. Meesham and But cher can'testify. The Castle Hotel had been robbed and information given, when Messrs. Back & Co. armed with the necessary author ity, proceeded to the shanty occupied by a dealer named Butcher, where after diligent search they were rewarded by the discovery of a quantity of liquor, which not being required for present use, had been stowed away with'great care under- to--or so?of flour with a view to protecting it from the weather, whereupon Messrs. Butcher and Neesham were arrested and brought before the Bench, the result being that the latter gent pleaded guilty to the charge of theft and got six months, whnile- the-f orme-r as mulcted in the sum~of~£10 for his share in the business, added to which the cost of the grog, another £9 odd-total with a few little extras, £20. The weather for some weeks past has been anything but pleasant- sick ness is prevalent and bushfires are cropping -i?to aiddimoour misery. Crop returns are genera!ly reportd---'tgood-' and above the average. 