The Rook. I wah vory sorry to boo your old correspondent from Rock Flat leave off writing. Since his retirement I havo been waiting to boo so.no one tako his place. As no ono seems inclined to do, I will try to do it mysolf. I am only sorry that I am so poor a scribe. In your corres pondent ' Viator's ' letter of a few issues back there is a good doal of truth as respects our road. It is truly a disgrace tho way our road* aio managed. Immcnso sum? arc annually Bpont, yot, from want of proper supervision and management, no permanent good h effected, 11 Viator,' when bo Nays the road ought to go by Dcvcroux'n, at tho Springs, as it is tlio shortest, shows that he knows little of tho country. The surveyed roml from Cooina to Nimitybello is twonty-tlireo miles. The telegraph lino is a iittlo moro than'twenty-one. Now, as the tole graph lino is always on tho left of the road, and Dovcrcux's fur to tho right, it can bo easily scan that a road by the latter would be much longer than even tho present. Our school a,t The Springs has boon converted into a Public School. An tho exiuting school in a small building erected on private pro perty, tho nooplo are agitating to got a proper building croctod - on the township reserve at Tho llock. The site is a good ono, and would bo so placed that the uchool would pro mbly havo over forty chihlron in average attendance. It would also bo the nudons of a t-nvn which must sooner or later rise at Tho Rock. The soda spring at The tyock, \\\M been getting weaker of late yoara. This is supposod to bo owing to no care being bestowed on it. Wore the spring enclose) so that cattle and horses could not tramp it down, no doubt that it wonW roaoyor |ts prlstlno vlgoqr. If we had somo enterprising M.I), on Manaro to pralso and recommend tho nw of its waters to invalids, wo would soon see a town at the spring, Since tho fall of snow in July It Is almost impossfhlo t-- travel in tha hush on account of fallen limbs and branches of trees. The ground is literally covered with them. If, during summer, there should break out a bush-fire, it will bo hard. Iq scop or put It out, from tho quantity of timber on tho ground. Stock of ail descriptions do not look very flourishing -of late; they arc now beginning to pick up 4 b\t, 4 few lambs are tq bs already soon, though the general lambing does not begin till next month. As most of tho people employed their, children to assist them at lambing season, tho operation of tho compulsory clause of t!-e Education Act makes it awk» ward for .them : tq ha.ve 10W to do without them. Peoplohavo been busy of late in putting in . the remaindor of thoir crops. : Thoy had hard work froni the sodden state of tho ground. Grass is very abundant. Already are to be seen signs of tho approach of ' mild genial spring.' It is to ha hoped tho spring will do away with the very heavy winds which havo been the rulo lately, and which seemed to carry so much sickncHs in their train. i The Public School at Dangelong has been closed for somo time through the severe illness of tho teacher. Though I suppose the' youngsters do not like their teacher to he eick, yot they are glad of their holiday; . ? ! ' I''.. Tom Buowjf. 27th Aug»lst, J889. : George Starkey, a young man well known about Cdoma, died at the - Snowv River b few days ago. ? A daughter of Mr. Coneliua H%v Jockgotoneof her fingois crushed in a machine, and it will have to;bo amputated.'. ; * ' ? , ? j -A branch lo?go of the Sons qf Temperaneo wilUieo,p6ned, in Oooma shortly-} Mr. J^liato Shaw is the. I janiser, ? .??-? ?*'?; ?'.-'??T. ? , ? ' '.''' 