SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GARDENERS' SOCIETY. A meeting of the members of this Society was held at the Chamber of Manufactures on Satur day evenitg, September 4. There were about a rfrtzpn Tnpmhtfirtt nrpitAnt. &nd; Mr. .T. F. Pascoe occupied the chair. Mr. F. S. C. DrirSeld wrote presenting copies of the following works to the Society.— Paxton's Dictionary, Miller's Gardeners* Dictionary of 1740, Johnston's Science of Gardening, Jussieu'a Elements of Botasy, Botanical Sketches, Mclntoah's Gardener, and London's Suburban Gardener. Becehed with thanks. Mr. Charles Eobinette was elected a member of tbe Society. The following paper on 'Notable Native Plants about Ardrossan, Yorke's Peninsula,' was received from Mr. J. G. O. Tepper, an hon. corresponding member of the Society : — ?? Acacia rwtalrilii (F. v. M.) is a species of this genus, much more adapted for ornamental garden culture than A. pygnantha, which it resembles in profusion, colour, and scent of flowers, on account of its much smaller stature, attaining only a height of from two to four feet in an arborescent form. The leaves are of a narrower, more oblong shape, than those of the common wattle, and their colour is s- peculiar greyish green. The season of flowering begins about the end of July and extends to October, while the seeds are ripe in January. The soil required is a rich marly clay, with about one-third coarse felspathic sand, such as is obtained by pounding granite or gneiss. There is hardly another acacia so profuw in bloom as the small .-/ spine scens (Bentham), being literally drowned in yellow, strongly perfumed Sowers when in full bloom, but otherwise only remarkable for ics leafless stems and sharp spikelets, forming a little sparry shrub of some twelve to eighteen inches in height, and flourishing at the same time as tbe former. I have seen plants in full bloom only three inches high. It grows in all sorts of clay soils. Prostanthera cocanea (F. v. M.) is a small plant only six to eight inches in height, which promises to be productive of remarkable improvement in colour; and varieties in the hands of the gardener, as even in nature tbe flowers vary much in tint and size. It is a small shrub with very numerous straight stems thick beset with minnte dark- green leaves. The flowers appear axillary, each stem producing from four to twelve successively, one to six at a time. Their size varies from half to one inch in length (being lipflowers, Labiate), and their colour, where I have observed them, from pale to dark, sulphur (yellow, yellowish green, grass green, to bluish [green of the darkest shade. UonsideriDg how rare on the whole con spicuously green flowers are, this species may prove an acquisition for European greenhouses, especially as it is not at all dainty about a special soil, but flourishes in all positions, trom a clavey granitic sand to stiff red water-hard^clay. It flourishes nearly all the year througb, although in different plants; but ripe seed is rather difficult to be got, even in the best of times, i.e , December and January, on account of its minuteness and the capsules opening early in the morning when ripe, thus scattering tbe ated before a collector is in the field. As the name implies, the typical variety exhibited red Bowers, thus presenting almost a fall series ot shades. The latter shade does not occur here abouts. Tbe leaves emit a very strong and agreeable aromatic scent. Turning to the Ooni pofiits, the first ornamental plant in the Penin sula scrub is Aster pannosus (F. v. M-), whether foliage or flowers Da considered. The leaves are mod f rat el j large, about two inches long by three-quarters of an inch wide, glaucous green above and snow-white below; the sterna axe straight, covered with wnite hairs, and range in height trom 1 to 3 teet in a wild state ; the flo wers are axiliaty on the young twigs, have stalks about two inches in length, and a diameter from one and a half to above two inches ; their colour is white. They require a rich, marly clay, with leaf-earth and soft limestone fragments, but also some shade, as they are always found among shrubs, never in open spots. It blooms from September to November, the flowers occupying tee summit of the plant, having very long stalks. Kipe seeds occur from November to December. Aster exul (.Lindlej) is one of those plants that first ovw spreads iu number those portions of ecrub overrun and des troyed by bush-fires. Starting with the first soaking showers, and flourishiBg for two or three years, is becomes stunted, and finally almost disappears till another fire recalls it into activity. It also grows luxuri antly on «pota disturbed by the navvy or quarry man. A single stem rises some 12 to 20 inches, which is thickly beset with dark glaucous, oval, serrated leaves, which drop oS in old age, then branches out almost horizontally and produces flowers almost continually througb the year ; the outer petals are of a bluish white ; the in ternal florets yellow, diameter about one inch and more, and the flowers fairly numerous. Occurring on ail soils, in scrub as described before, I have not met them on the coast plains or within the immediate influence of the sea breeze. Kije Rttus nuay be gathered all through the.summer months. Frequent cutting or break ing* down does not injure them, but rather renews their vigour and improves the r appear ance. The largest flower* among the family are furnished by fodolevis acttminatum (K Br.), a plant, the upper portion of which (if not the root likewise) dies every year, snoots out afresh in July, foims buds in August, and blooms in bept. Bilx-r aud October, each individual flower lasting uuuut eight to twelve days. The stem is thin for its height, namely, is) to 10 inches, and bears from two to four flowers of a rich golden yellow, very bulky, and folly of 1J to 2J inches diameter. It is found on the coast plain and all other open spot*, even in wheatfields, and is certainly showy, even gorgeous in appearance. The seeds ripen in fiovtniber. A smaller 'species, but also orna mental, is P. rugata, preferring sandstone and granite ridges, and much mote branched and leafy than the above; it also blooms four to six weeks later, and does not die off annually. Of native immortelles Hetiehrytum lueidum and 11\. Icucopridium (DeO.) are the most remarkable for beauty, if. Baxttri (A. Cunn) is much smaller and more local. The former has nume rous stems with closely set leaves, and shining, golden yellow floweis (one inch in size) in plenty, lasting many weeks from October to December, and sometimes later. I have grown it repeatedly in rich marly porous day with limestone frag mtiits and burnt earth, and found it easily suo mitting to cultivation; also wonderfully im proving by degrees in luxuriance of appearance and number and size of flower, but it requires a support, as it is easily broken off by the wind jtut above the ground, and never shoots out ufresh. Tbe seeds ripen in December and January. Showy as it is in elegance and deli cate tinting of the flowers it is surpassed by the social HcLichr^sum Uuevpsidium, which grow in hundreds among thin groups of mallus and other shrubs and among clumps of xerotids. Its upper parts mostly die to within a few inches of tne ground ; the thin long stems attain a height of 12 to 16 inches, are beset with numerous small greyish leaves, and bear each from one to four or five flowtrs of pure white or delicate pink colour of a silky lustre; the petals' are delicately wavy while young. The flower htads are about one inch in size, and form imperishable wreaths when used as buds or when freshly opened. Much leaf- earth is required to be mixed with the soil.' Accompanying the paper were needs of the plants treated by Mr. Tepper in a previous paper. On the motion of Mr. f . Sjmkbvilljs, seconded by Mr. A. Macdohaxs, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Xepper for his paper, and a hepe was expressed that he would continue his nous on the native plants. The , Ceullbham said at a late meeting of the Society, iu a ais cuisflion on the orange he had made a remark to the effect that the trees were long-lived. One of the members disputed that statement, and he {the Chairman) would at ths next meeting make tome remarks as to the age of tbe trees. (Hear, hear.) He still believed that there were long-lived trees naturally, and he thought he would be able to show it. Mr. Kuauss, gardener to Sir Thomas Blder, men tioned that a .Rider's patent hot- air engi&e; had been fixed at Sir Thomas Elder's, at Mount Lofty, and water had been pumped to a height of 116 feet, thoujth not perpendicularly. The engine was easily worked, and threw a full stream of water. It was the fust of the kind that had come to Australia, and Mr. Knauss thought it would prove to to very useful for gardening purposes. Mr. J. H. Mohan, gardener to the Chief Justice, exhibited a f«w of the important Australian plants now in bloom — Baronia megastigtna, one of the most delidously perfumed flowers known; a variety of Anthocercis, shown last meeting, and believed to lie a littoralis. This is improving with age, and promises to become a most useful shrub for pots, and probably for the border. He also exhibited a specimen of Pittosporum un dulatum, from the Chief Justice's gar den, a common shrub, and deservedly so; a specimen of Hardenbergia ovata alba, the white native lilac, misnamed sarsaparilla, to which they bear no relation; samples of various kinds of feat toil, as well a* samples of the soil in various stages of formation, trom the fresh moss (Sphagnum), grasses, ferns, ling or heath* and other vegetable substances to their ulti mate fusion in a partly or wholly decayed state, according to the age and depth of the layers, till the true peat-mould is formed at the bottom and the pure sand as it occurs either in matses ameDg the vegetable compound or in particle combination with it as soil ; and leaf-mould soil, to show the difference between colonial and British peat, and to show fern peat, heath peat, orchid peat, 4c; wallflowers of fine form, colour, and extra size; a Balsam bloom, re markable for being out of seasoD, and very pure ; Beckia plicate, a pretty heath-like shrub; Kennedya McKay ana— a beautiful blue climber now in flower; and Start pea (Clianthus Dam pierii.) Mr. Lewis, gardener to the Hon. J. Fisher, also showed a collection of native flowers. The Town Clerk forwarded Mr. Brown's report on tbe planting of trees in the Park Lands ; and Baron von Mueller's ' Eucalypto graphia^a descriptive atlas of the gum-trees of Australia. The gentlemen were thanked for the gifts, and tbe meeting then adjourned for a month. 