INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. Adelaide, January 20. Several bush-fires have occurred, doing much damage. The citizens have decided by a large majority to light the city with gas, instead of kerosene. A young man, named Pound, attempted to murder his step-father with a revolver this morning. The victim of the outrage lies in a precarious condition. The bushrangers, Scott and Rogan, were executed to-day, quietly. Adelaide, January 21. Yesterday was the hottest day ever known here. Several more bush-fires have occurred, causing great damage. The steamer is paying out the duplicate cable between Banjoewangie and Port Darwin. Melbourne. A play called ' Happy Land ' has been interdicted, as it satirizes the Government. Sydney. Scott, the bushranger, shook hands with Rogan before being executed, and said, ' We have made a sad mistake.' Adelaide, January 22. The special prize for wheat at the Sydney Exhibition has been awarded to Mr. Venning, of this colony. George Thomas, who stuck up the Hoyles Plains Station, has surrendered himself News has been received that four men, supposed to be the Kellys, were seen tam- pering with the telegraph wire at Benalla. Adelaide, January 23. A boy named Stude has died from a blow of a cricket ball. Melbourne. Disgraceful scenes have occurred in the Assembly. Mr. Ferguson assaulted Mr. Mclntyre during the proceedings. The rumour abour the Kellys at Benalla is unfounded. Sydney. The steamer Vesta capsized and five persons were drowned. Adelaide, January 24. Sir Gavan Duffy has taken passage for Europe by the Siam. The contract between the Melbourne Government and the Banks has been signed. The steamer Orient cleared yesterday from Sydney for England with a large number of passengers and a full cargo. Brisbane. Mrs. Dickson, wife of the late Colonial Treasurer, has died of tetanus, caused by shooting herself in the hand. Adelaide, January 26. The ship Lady Kinnaird, with a cargo of wheat for England, is a total wreck off Cape Burr, in Spencer's Gulf. The crew were saved with difficulty. It is not likely the cargo will be saved. Melbourne Capt. Fentiman, of the P. & O. Co.'s service, died suddenly in a hydropathic establishment. The steamer Otway grounded in the west channel. Melbourne, January 27. The steamer Otway has been got off without damage. A fire in Bourke Street has destroyed the corner of the Eastern Arcade. Sydney. A man named Coultherd has surrendered himself to the police, saying that he poisoned his wife in England two years ago and has been wretched ever since. The R.M.S. Deccan left Galle for Australia on Saturday. It is reported that the British Govern- ment contemplate intervening in the dis- agreement between Chili and Peru, with a view to bringing the war to a close. The Russian Government officially denies the reported defeat at Chikislar and the evacuation of the town. The Austrian Government is displaying great interest in the Melbourne Exhibition in reference to the manufactures of the country. It is expected there will be a large number of exhibitors. The distress in Ireland is daily increasing. In all parts of the country universal appeals are being made for prompt aid to the relief fund. Fremantle Lunatic Asylum. — The following gentlemen have been appoint- ed visiting justices to the Lunatic Asylum, Fremantle : — Messrs. J. G. Slade, J. F. Stone, L. W. Clifton, W. E. Marmion, and James Manning. Supreme Court Commissioner. — His Honor the Acting Chief Justice has been pleased to appoint J. Vernon Musgrave, of the Albert Buildings, Queen Victoria Street, E.C., in the City of London, Solicitor, a Commissioner to administer oaths, and to take and receive affidavits, declarations, &c.;, to be used in the Supreme Court of Western Australia; also to take acknowledgments of deeds executed by married women. Straits Produce. — Messrs. Cameron, Dunlop & Co. — a commercial firm at Singapore who has large transactions with this colony — mention in their last quota- tions of Eastern produce : — " Pepper, coffee, and rice are all dearer; but sugar is in overstock and cheap. Sugar, white Java, doll. 8 to doll.8.50 (dollar, about 3s. 10d.) per picul; do. yellow, doll. 7.50; do. dark brown, doll 4.50 to doll 8." Chinese Servants. — It is notified that the Government, being now prepared to introduce a certain number of Chinese coolies in accordance with the Gazette notice of 1st December last, persons desirous of securing the services of each are requested to apply on or before the 14th February next, as it is not the intention of the Government to send for a greater number of coolies than can be provided with employ- ment immediately on their landing in the colony. Additional Voting Places. — The fol- lowing additional polling-places have been added to the list originally published: — Fremantle and Murray-Williams Dis- tricts : Rockingham Government School House. Wellington : Williams and Harvey Police Stations. Vasse : Bridgetown Police Station. It is also notified that Mr. A. P. Bussell, J.P., is appointed to take votes of qualified persons residing more than thirty miles from a polling-place for the district for which they desire to vote. 