COUNTRY NEWS. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.]' (from odb OWS OOnUEarOKDENTS.) BENALLA, Wednesday, A man declared yeBtcrday that ho wa« irt company with Steve Hart near Murchison. The man afterwards passed a public house} with Hart, and asked him to have a drink but Hart refused to enter the public hous ; on account of strangers being about BuBh fireB have been raging at Yarrawonga, and several crops besides a threshing ma- chine are destroyed Tather bcanlan died at Benalla this morn- ing, it ib supposed from h unorrhage Ho was preaching m his usual health on Sunday e\ening Tho weather haB been excessively hot during the past week, but the farmer« Bay letter harvesting weather could not be de eired Mr G \\\ Hall, proprietor of the Henall« Standai d, ia spoken of us a likel} candidate for Moira at the coming elections, in the liberal interest * GIIUC \ WeDVISDAY A terrible case of deith from burning oc- curred al the Crossdale Bridge in the envi- rons of Echuca this e\emng A farmer, named John Robson was arning home in a epringcart with his wife, when a spark from his pipe set fire to her dress Before tha flames could be extinguished the woman waa burnt eo severely that Mr H Crossen stated she could not livo an hour Another woman and two children m the cart had a narrow escape from a similar fate A tin of kerosena in the cart caught lire immediately all the) occupants were out and near!j destrojed the cart SHEPPARTON, Wednesday. A meeting of the leiding reaidenta oE Shepparton waa held this evening m tho shire ball, to take fresh steps towards getting up a public demonstration on tho occasion ofi the opening of the Goulburn Valley Railway. It was resolved to preparo a banquet, ta which the Ministry, the members for Moira and Rodney, Messrs Service, Murray Smith, J J Casey, Joseph Jones, Jinies Munro, ana Dr Madden ire to be invited The original committee, with tho members of the Shep- parton Shire Council, has collapsed, but there ib no doubt whatever of the preBent move- ment being successful Tho Benalla (¡tandaid stitea that "tha lateBt information regarding tho police is that all the extra men now stationed in the north e-iatern district aro to be sent back to them old quarters, and that one onlj will he sta- tioned at tne banka during the day time. 'the black trackers are also to be removed " The t>et/mou> Lopicss reporta that tha locuBt plague has given that diatnet a slight visitation, but, fortunately, not much harm has been done Crops will bo reduced in yield by the ravages of hares, which aro rather too plentiful There need be no tloaa season for these anímala in future " The Bhip Loch Vennachar will," states the Geelong Times, "very soon nave hen complete loading, and will probably sail about Sunday next M e understand that this vessel has Bhipped a large quantity of wheat for the home market Tina cirgo haa been taken in preference to wool, inasmuch as tha freights paybettei, though an abundance of both kinds of cargo is available UULU JUJ1UB Ul lUIK" ,? Utlliuuiv A tomb tablet, to be erected in memory of Mr Reginald Jones who wis lost in the Loch Ard, has been mide by McBars Evans and Son, of Camperdown, to the order of Mr. Gibson, of Glenample It bears this inscrip- tion -"Jn memouam of Reginald Jonea, soungest aon of Trancis and Clara Jones, 06 Blackheath, Kent, drowned in the Loch Ard, June the lBt, 1878, aged 20 sears It will at once be placed o\er the grave of deceased at Glenample \\\ e are informed that a -very good yield of gold was obtained last week from a claim held bj several residents of Richmond, on the Rechabite Reef, in the Beechworth dis- trict, at a place known as Hurdle ilat Twa miners had been working in opening up tho claim for a few weeks, and from a crushing of five tons of quartz taken near the surface 2ooz 14dwt of gold was obtained. The holders of the claim are so satisfied with lb that they intend procuring machinery ta work it more profitably "A moBt exasperating outrage was," re- ports the Ballarat Courier, " perpetrated on bunday night, at Mr Blake a mill, at Blake v lllc On Btarting to work on Monday morn- ing, it was found that some cul disposed person had cut the belts in two places , and, iCBt this Bhould not cause trouble enough, ft heavy bar of iron had been placed under one if the rods, so that at the lirst revolution oE the machinery a heavy breakage should occur fortunately the bar bent, and tho damage can be repaired in a day or two. Active steps are being taken to discover the perpetrator of the dastardlj deed ' " A very lamentable death from exposure! occurred, reports tho Jamison Chronicle, " on the 19th ult at Darlingford, to an elderly gentleman named Geo Gilbert, soma 74 j ears of age It appears tint he had foe some considerable time past been living with his Bon at Darlingford Ile must hav er wandered into the bush, and loBt hiB wa» back, 08 it was seven daj a before the body was found, a considerable distance away from where he resided, ljm£ on a log beside tho mer At the magisterial inquiry the finding; was that deceased caine by Ina death through exhaustion, in consequence of the lengthened expoauro to night air, and want ol suste- nance ' 'I he Jamieson Cltronfle of the 3rd inst. Btates -"A shocking accident occurred to a man named David Daine, last week, at Dar- lingford Ho vina 60 yeara of nge, and had been gold mining in the vicinity of Darling- ford for the last 15 years Nothing having been seen of lum for several hours a Bearch waB made, in consequence of his coat having been found by his son close by a fall of earth in a claim that the deceased was working in. On removing Bomo of the fallen earth the body of the unfortunate man was found. It is supposed that he was undermining the ground at the time the fall of earth toole place, and was caught before he had time to escape Mr E Kelly, J V , held an inquiry on the body of deceased, and the finding waa to the effect that deceased came by his death accidentally." With regard to the price of wheat, tha Ovens and Murray Advertiser observcB : " There ia great fluctuation in wheat. Thia ia owinj» to the vast amount that ia daily coming in from the Wimmera, Avoca, and other wheat-producing districts, The last two or three years crops were very poor. Tha farmers thia Beason, now the yield ia good, are compelled to ruah their grain into tho market, and take almoat any price that ia offored ; as doubtleaa the atorefceepere who have been supplying thom with goods ara pushing for payment. This appliea mora directly to the new diatricts that havo been opened out the lost few years, and it is a great pity so many are forced to dispose of their produco, as in all probability there will be a riBefbefore long, and those farmers who can will act wiBely m waiting a littlo before thejj Bell." "On the 3rd inst.," states the Ovens ami Murray Advertiser, Mr. W. H. Foster held an inqueBt at the Water-right Hotel, Beech- worth, on the bodyof Joseph Whitehead. Mr. H. T. Fox, Burgeon, deposed to having ex- amined the body of deceased and to the state in which he found it. Death was duo to hang- ing. James Whitehead, a labourer, residing; at Beechworth, and son of deceased, deposed that at about 10 o'clock p.m. on the 2nd inst. he had found his father hanging by a strap around his neck from a bed-post. Cub tho body, which was quite cold, down, and gave information to the police. Deceased had been drinking hard for tne post three weeks, and appeared on Friday to be getting over it. He was very croBB and irritable, and did not Beem to have possession of his sonBes. Wit- ness and his brother tried to restrain de- ceased in his drinking habits, but could not. Deceased used to put his hands to his head and stamp the floor, and throw his bed clothcB about. Other evidence was taken, and a verdict was returned that deceaaed came by his death by hanging himself while of unsound mind." Most of the grain erena about the Morrisons district have suffered Beverely from the caterpillar scourge, and much that was in- tended for grain, and heavy crops too, has been cut down for hay. The fear of further mischief being inflicted (the Geelong Ad- vertiser Btatea) ia cauBing the farmers much anxiety, and somewhat prema- turely burrying harvest operations. Mr. Patron, Ben,, had a near escape from loBing the whole of his crop the other day, a Chinaman's hut in the locality having taken fire, which rapidly spread through the long grasa. Fortunotely, however, instead of running into the paddock, it eroBaed the river on to Mr. Champ's side/ whore compa . ratively Uttle injury could be done. The caterpillar has also mode its appearance at Mount Wallace and Beremboke, but as yet in comparatively small numbers ; but as this is rather a late district, ¡tis hard to say what mischief will be done before the crops aro* leady for the harvesters. 