BRIGHT. (from our own correspondent.) June 21. Our municipal fathers have decided i upon, and are carrying out a piece of work that will add considerably to the naiural beautv of the appearance of this — much-be-praised by strangers — little township in what they have intend putting stone kerbing and channelling down in the streets ia the township. The work is to be undertaken in small qnauiitb-s each year until completed. The section let this year — the first — extends from the corner at the Empire Hotel down Ireland-street, to tlie corner near the Masonic Hall, and the contractor has more than half the work completed. A difficulty has been experienced in pro curing suitable stone, the sort that has to be used is very hard being a kind of blue- stone, more popularly known as pot-metal, and puts both temper of the cutter and chisel nn their trial Petitions have been flying about here re cently on the Reform question, and I suppose in a few days we will see the fact duly chronicled in the metropolitan press that the Hon. Mr presented a document from all the residents of the Bright district in favor of the Service Bill. Of course it will be quite un necessary to explain that most of the signatures were given simply in favor of reducing the franchise so as to admit all ratepayers to the privilege of voting for the Council and tlie double dissolution. Joint sitting, Ac., wore not considered at all. But then the gentlemen who had charge of the petitions would surely not be so wicked as to allow anyone to sign under a mistaken idea, or without, first thoroughly explaining the effect of affixing a signature to the documents in question. In matters clerical, I may mention that the R.er. Mr Ravne has been permanently located here as successor ?to the Rev. E. Rodda, in the pastorate of the Church of England. The rev. gentleman is highly pleased with the place, scenery, and so on, and I hope he may, as he believes lie will, have a good time of it. The vacancy in the Wesleyn-n denomi nation, caused hy the Rev. H. Merriman's removal after his term of office had ex pired, has been filled bv the appointment of the Rev. C. Sanders — a gentleman who has made a favorable impression on his congregations, and gives promise of being as great a favorite as the former minister. The Rev AY. M. Alexander still minis ters with increasing appreciation and satisfaction to the spiritual wants of the Presbyterians here and at AYandiligong, with an occasional trip to outside, places. The other and last. but. by no means least, clergyman, wlio officiates in this district is the Rev. M. O'Connor, of the Roman Catholic Church, whose head quarters are at Mvrtleford, and who con ducts divine service here monthly. From the clergymen to the Omco-road may seem a pretty long stride, but as they both lead us to tlie clouds it is not so far as it appears at first sight. All work on that road ha", for tlie present winter heen suspended, and cannot be undertaken again until the warm weather sets in next Spring. Unfortunately operations had to be sus pended this year before the full amount of £1000. promised by the Public Works Department for that purpose had been expended, but the sliire council lias re ceived a promise that no loss to that body will arise in consequence of delay in the completion through stress of weather. The glorious uncertainty of our climate shows very strikingly just now. The sum mits of the ranges surrounding this place where a few short months ago bush-fires raged with great intensify, are now covered with a garment of snow. Of course, the Divide had its white coveringsometimeago, and now looms outon a fine day in the bright sunshine or the clear moonlight at night with the grand and imperious majesty of unrivalled and indisputable sovereignty over the lilliputian mountains scattered around its base. The alluvial claim opened up in the " basin" near the Pioneer reef, lw ATeuoro i Kinkade and Co. last year, is still being worked with satisfactory results. Work had to be suspended for a time during the summer mouths on account of the scarcity of water. The winter rains , have now, however, given a supply for some time to come. A reef in the old Pioneer workings is giving payable returns to a party of miners who have been occupying it for several months. Messrs Simmons and Co. have sent a lot of stone to the/mill from the reef they discovered in Stackey Gully a short time since. The:result of the crushing I have not yet heard. 