AGRICULTURAL. The weather has, during the last waek, con tinued very favorable for the completion of harvesting operations. Accounts to hand mention that a very successful season has been passed, and that the crop« generally ara well up to the approximates made of them. Regret has still to be mentioued at the devasia tion caused generally by the caterpillars. Tho locusts, which a few weeks back {were appear-' iag iu countless numbers, have, of late,' becomo very sensibly diminished. The rain which has fallen has, we learn, been beneficial to some late crops, and also pasturage, but the latter is com mencing to suffer very much indeed from the continued hot weather. The crops in the G'oulburn Valley have yielded very finely, and it is believed that with the facility afforded by direct railway communication with tho metro polis a very largo amount of wheat will be forwarded down. Of the wheat generally, which has come to hand, reports speak very favorably of its oxcellant quality. Tho Roches ter and Elmore district has been subjected to tho dovastating effcct3 of a large" bush-fire. During the presont dry soason'extra precautions against this plaguo should bo taken. Our travelling reporter say3 :—Harvesting operations are now almost at au end in the north-western districts, and farmers ore in a position to ascertain the results of their efforts for tho past year. So far as actual quantity is concerned, tho result caunot be complained of, but the market pries is so low that the receipts of the farmers are much less than had been anticipated. A considerable number of selectors havo yet to do their threshing, and a few have some stripping to do. The Messrs. Westcott Bros., of (Jatumnal, near Boort, havo secured tho excellent average of 18 bushels per acre of wheat from about 300 acres, and there are several other good yields from the same locality. Round Kerang and neighborhood the yield has been poor, and in all parts tho want.of water is being seriously felt. At Fernihurat aud Mysia some good averages have been secured. One of the poorest districts this season is that of Wychetella, which is duo, no doubt, to so much strength and time of the farmers being engaged in carting water last summer when they ought to havo been ploughing, and as the Wychotella soil requires deep ploughing, it may be easily seen that the district has labored under a disad vantage. At Mr. Klein's farm, Kurtiug, the handsome yield of 24 bushels per acre has been obtained, a total quantity of 1,170 bays having been carted in from there to Inglewood. In all the districts named, ploughing has already com menced for next season. The farmers, especially in some of the northern wheat-growing areas, have during tho last two seasons received some severe lessons upon the value of straw iu the serious losses of stock, which have been sustained through the scarcity of grass in the winter upon the Avon plains and the oxteusive tract of open country lying westward of Echuca. The losses in past years have been great, and as a consequence straw is beginning to bo more highly valued; but farmers iu those districts which have not yet been visited with such a time of scarcity would do well to be prepared for emergencies. In South Australia also great loss has arisen from the same causes, and upon this subject the Observer has tho following remarks:—"It would be interesting, aud probably somewhat alarm ing, could an approximate estimato be placed before our readers showing the annual loss to the colony, iu the depreciation of tho value of live stock, the deaths caused, and the total amount of meat wasted, through the neglect to gather iu some at least of the straw raised each year upon the farms of the colony. An authentic case has came under our notice.of twenty-four head of largo cattle dying from weakness brought about through scarcity of food at the 1 beginning of winter, when the old grass was beaten into the grounds by the heavy rains, and when the young grass only served to make the cattle weaker by scouring them. Aud yet upon this very farm there had been about sixteen hundred acres of straw raised that year. Very often wo hear of great mortality and mysterious diseases amongst cattle and horses in different parts of the country, and it will bo noticed that theso reports frequently occur just about the time when the; old grass becomes utterly dessicated and useless, or else when thero is nothing but the very young grass for stock to feed upon. Tho coincidence points to the conclusion, which we have little doubt is a correct one, that starvation isat theroot of many of these diseases, and that weakness is really the occasion of numerous deaths amongst cattle aud horses. If this theory is correct, it is obvious that the money lost in the deaths of so many head of large cattle would have been better spent in gathering food for them and for the rest of the stock, all of which suffered from want of food, but some of which survivod only to go through perhaps the same needless priva tions and sufferings in the following year, for unfortunately a great deal of loss is necessary before some people can be taught to be provident." The fact that last wiuter farmers iu many cases were glad to to keep their stock alive by giving them straw two or three years old, saved before stripping became so common, should warn others to cut and stack at least a portion of this season's straw for winter use.— Leader. The judges of wool in oonneotion with the Sydney International Exhibition have completed their work, aad the remainder of the awards havo now been made. It appears that the American wools at the Exhibition, which are bhown by the Vormout Association of Sheep breeders, although supposed to be some of tho best that cau be produced, have only been awarded a silver medal. The exhibits of Rambouillet sheep, placed by the Minister of Agriculture of France and M. Gilbert, are com mended as good strong combing wool, aud several additions have been made to tho awards published before Christmas. In the division for wool in greasa from any variety other than merino,' 11. G. Higgins would have obtained first prize for some fleeces of pure Lincolns if the judges had not observed that they were much over one year's growth, a fact which was stated in the oatalogue. J. P. Wills'-Allen took first prize in the clas3 for a fairly grown sound svool. In the class for ram hogget lleeaes. D. M'Nicol, of Auokland, waa the only exhibitor, and receives a commendation for Lincoln wool. The priza for ewes' fleeces falls to James Wallace, of Auckland, for a first-class lot of Lincoln wool, and R. L. Jenkins is second for wool from Tasmaman sheep. Charles Reed, of Auckland, would have ooaupied a plaoo if the days' growth of his wool had beon stated, hut he stands first in the next class for ewe hogget fleeces with a nice lot of Leicester wool. In°the Washed lots, J. P. Wills-Allen iB commended for a good crossbred lot. >In the division for extra exhibits of ordinary cbmmercial bales or samplei, A'. 'Buchanan, of Victoria,-is' highly corilmeuded for two nice lots of .merino wool, •fohin\Vilson, of Victoria, is commended for a gqod sound' combing woo], free from seed, ijaleigh brother?,'qf yiq'tcjria, ali'my some fine deep cjothing. I}. L. Joiiliins, of ijepean Towers, plaqes some excellent clothing wool; G. M. Simpson, of Queenal tu.l, show3 good combing, aud S.unuel M'Caughey, of Uraua, some superior combiug wool, W, A. Ivorinode, of Tasmania, shows some beautiful lamb's wool, and W. H, Gibson, of Tiiiipinia, Boine fino well grown merino wool. In the supplementary competitive exhibits, Owen and Lethbridge are highly commended fur some well-grown proas bred wool; W. H. Watt is highly commended for four lots of washed Leicester fleeces. The exhibits of merino w ml from Frauce are said to be much admired, a..J highly esteemed by the judges. A case of wools from tho British section receives a bronze medal, being samples from all nations. J. S. Learmonth, of Groon gal( is corniqeqtfed for the excellent condition of his exhibit. Mr. Kermode, of Tasmania, is commended for his greasy wool, and lias a silrer medal for a lot of superior washed. \V. Gibson and Son, of Tasmania, hare a gold champion medal for their bale of combing wool in greasi-, which stands first in the original prize list iu division 1. for the best combing wool iu grease. Respecting the loss in weight of grain by storage, the following interesting particulars are furnished by the Farvxtr: — "It is well known that all kinds of grain suffer more or less loss under loug continued storage in tho granary. The amount-of this has been determined with great accuracy by the officials in charge of the State granaries in Prussia, where large quanti ties of ccreals are always kept in store in readi ness for any emergency that may occur. The conclusions arrived at hera, on the basis of many years experience, are iu the highest degree trust worthy, because all grain received into these stores must be of first rate quality, as free as possible fromdust, anduncontamiiiat-.'d with any admixture of foreign seeds. The loss in wheat, rye, barley, and podwaru amounts to 1'3 per cent in the first quarter of a year, 0 9 per cenJ\ in tho secoud three months, 0-o iu the third, 0*3 per cent, iu the fourth quarter—a loss, therefore, in tho first year of exactly 3 per cent. In each following year the loss is estimated at i per cent. in the three mouths, or 1 per cent, annually. Iu the case of oats the loss is 1*7 per cent, in tho first quarter, 0'9 per cent, in the second, 0.G per cent, in tho third, and 0.3 per cent'ih the fourth—a total lo3s, therefore, dur ing the twelve mouths, of 3'5 per cent. In each succcedihg season the los3 is at the rate of 0'3 percent.per quarter, or 1'2 per cent in the year. These observations relate only to the high-class grain stored iu the Government magazine; in in ferior grain the loss would be proportionately considerably h:gher." In order to afford farmers an opportunity of witnessing the .performance of \V. A. Wood's new string-binder harvesting machine, Messrs. M'Ewah 'and Co. are takiug the machine to different parts of the colony iu succession. It ie now on its way to Mr. Watson's Mouut Farm, «ight miles from Elmore station, where, on Tnosday, tho 20th inst., it will commence work at two o'clock p. m. The telegrams of the week, comprise tho gratifying intelligence of the arrival of the s.s. Strathlevon at Aden, with the frozen meats iu good order. 