WATER COMMISSION. ' FEIDAY. I3:h FMBUAHT. _ Present—Cr Morriscn, di^hnan; and Crs Gra inrpfe; HIgman, James, Williams, Wilson, Dun andJo»Jto PB ' ^^e 06011 ' Lewis, Bcoti, Olaxto _COEEE8POKT)ENCE —From several persons asldn employment as w»ter detectives. Beoeivod— JTrpm^Mr r. Mann, Errard stmt, Btctlng that hi re, water eupply was deficient, owing to the servioe oeingohqked, and requesting a new service to be n- on to his premises from the street main. Beferre arge the works committee for repoit Several commlsaaBera mentioned that they had heard the pipes quired cleaning.—From Mr W. Watson, requestin further enquiry relativeto the stoppage of his wa . supply, deferred to the works committee for rep —from tbe city clerk, forwarding Mr Benson's a plication to mine under Lake Wendoaree. Beferred to the works-o.mmittee fer report—From A. G. e, Oorbett.tff-rtng to tell 7-inch piptsat £1113s 6d -ton. lief erred to f he^finance committee for report th FISAXCE CoiDtrrTBs's BEPOHT. — Becommendin ed paymtnt of the following aocotmts:—Labor, £443 ort 3d; charwoman, £2; reserves. £28 7s; Phosnix e Foundry, £7 6s lOd; Hardware Company, £14 7s J. Mannix, £4 18s; Inglis and Wyatt, £27 10s; Gibbinge, £3 45;"Pinkerton-, £217s 6d; Gas Com pany, £t 16s lOd j total, £13610s 8d. Adopted. B commending that £200 be ptssed to Messrs M'Ew in renewal cf their bill, end £i00 to Musis Outh and Wynne for costs. Kecommending that in futu to the guarantee policies he effected with the local bra of tho National Mutual Asfooiation.- and that pre miums on policies amounting te £13 l£s be passed d piyment Adopted. WOEKB CAIUAIIEB'E EKPOET.—1. As to the application of the Band and Albion Consols Compa f r a supply of water to their new battery—Tfon committee have ascrrtciaed that in order to provide efficient supply for the battery now in course of e y tion, in addition t j the consumers already supplie upon that line, an outlay of £197 7s 4-1 will ha ed be incurred, and. having in view the financialposit , of the commission, recommend that the n-cessar e. alterations texn&d;<? -cpon the company paying th oost, and that they be allowed the same in wate be supplied at the carrent rate of charges. ' sts OOLLBCTOBS' EEPOBT —Bcceipts ticce last meetin the £193 9s 7d. Beceived. CEMEKTS'e 1EPOB.T—Ftating tb&t; in consequence of the dilapidated condition of the old hug be had^ispnsedof ftaed bought a newons. A savin of £1 per week for hire b«s thss b*es effeoted. 2 Bill e doe to Messrs M'Ewan and Oo. falling jdne on llth instant, satisfactory arrangements have been made for the renewal of the eame. 3. Visit to M ly bourne—Cn the 9-.h instant, the chairman stated visited Melbourne on importautbusiness in connectio with the business of the commission. Adopted a FOKIMAN OP WOEK6''BEPOB.T —X. Detailing works on reserves. 2. Notifying to a fire on the reserve the 8th iuB'anl A v4.te of thanks was passed to volunteers who assists! in suppressing ft. 3 Statin that tho permission given to go through the Yank sawmill paddock was being abused. 4. Etating th the caretaker found a gentleman fishingin the Gon Gong on the llth Instant 5. Depth of water fn t reserve—Bcale's,7 feet 3 inches; Pincott's, 15 fee ed weir basin full; Kirk's, 29 feet 9 inches; Gong h Gong, fil-2feet. 6 Detailing pipe-laying. Adopted. sing BEPO&T; BH METKBE.—Beferred to the finacoe com ho mittee. a CHAIRMAN'S AKKUAI. BBPOET —1. The revenue howeral creased revenue may be expected for the ensuing ye for the past year is fully up to the average, owin to the increase in the cumber of consumers. An i owing to tho increased demand for mining pcrposs gas andChe revision of the scale of charges. £ Bsferri to be the Increased charges to miners and manufactur 3\. Applications for additional street mains—These ee could only be complied with in a few cases. 4. Ma 5d, valves, and fireplugs — The ~ servioe include 15s 120 miles of pipes, eLd 2000 valves and fire-p 5\. Number of consumers—WaB estimated at 7631. cluding 7503 ordinary consumers. 6 Condition -of works—Was etated to be good, but required consta care to be kept so 7. Defective meMs—Referring to the foreman's report,.and to the necessity of ns only the most perfect. \ 8. deferring to the scar of water in the month of May l»st year, and referr to the cleaning of pipes then effected. 9. Bush-fir —Drawing attention to the destruction of valuable inut cause, and detailingmeasnreeior its future prevention trees daring the early" part of tbe year from this t 10. Beserves—?The reserves have generally been ke in good order. 11 *! ree- ptanting—Noticing the Im nt provements under this head, and thanking Mr Geor uld Smith for his services. 12 Donations of trees—Bad t been made to public echcols where asked for. 13. h'ch Trespassing—This was still going on, and nothing a but prosecution would put a stop to it. 14. Upp y reserves—Stating that attempts had been mtde to a have eotce e! the moit valuable portions ed ure. of the reserves thrown open for selection. 19\. Seduction of the tteff—Brfeirrfng endsr this he ntly to the dispensing with Mr Sagge'e services 16 Law sat—Referring to tbe lawsu't instituted by Messrs Ycung and M'Gnigsn. 17 Interest due to Government— Referring to the interest due Government in connection with the late lawsuit. Ac- s ut knowledging the asoistanoe of the members of the e cemmission and the members of the law committe ate. Messrs Jocephs and Olaxton—in connection with th ng suit 18. OfuailF—A pproving of the manner in which all, various ofSciils had always carried out their dutie and congratulating the commission on tbe increasin prosperity of boih city and town, and of the distri generally. On the motion of Or Soott, se.*onded Or Lewis, it was resolved that tbe report be recei and printed, and a vote of thanks was passed to chairman. The chairmanjin replying, made a few r marks with regard to the late lawsnit, and denied he had ac^ed arbitrarily with the contractors for th 's Gong Gong. He stigmatised the verdict of tbe jur in static^ that the commissioners had been guilty of collusion, as a living lie He boped yet to rei tbe commission in a gaod financiilposition. 8\. Referring to the promises of support by the Gover l ment, at the chalrmftn said it had been lavish of prom but remarkably chsry of action. Prior to the verdi being given, the r^overmnent bad told them it wou assist them, and that til that had bsen asked wou given. When, however, thay did want tbe mone they did not get it Talk of asking for bread and -getting a stone. The commissioners who went Melbourne were actually treated with impndence; the in fact, it showed it would sooner see their backs t their faces, in fact, he believed they mnst rely o themselves. In conclusion, he thanked the officials theassistanoe they had rendered him during his ter of office. Cr Turpie rose to protest against the political tendency of a portion of tbe chairman's speech. Or 1 urpie was prevented from speaking d other business being taken. Or Morrison then le the ill chair, wfcaoh was taken by Cr Lewis. Cr re Soott moved, seoonded by Cr Wilson,, and supportfdbyOr Hickman—' tical, al ; 1 That a vote of the beat than of the commission be accorded to Cr Morrison for d, able manner in which he has fulfilled the duties es, volving 1 on him during his second year of office." e motion was carried with acclamation. Cr Morrison replied d to briefly. f us s : 1 CLBCTIOX OF CHAIBKA'K.—Or Phillips moved, and Cr Olaxton seoonded tbe motion—*' That Or Josep be the chairman for the next year." Cr Dnnn at stated there should have been a caucus t: meeting, to settle on a chairman beforehand. Be h moved ' that Cr Robertson be chairman Or Bober son till be declined. At the same time he stated that th he Government bad acted iu a fair and honorable man ces to tbe commission, and bad advanced it £10,000 w ve it could have have entered interest against the com 7, mission a instead Eeve:alconnci!lors(houghtit would be better not-to change the chairman jact now, amongst them Or Turpie, .who also.added that he w d, determined to prevent disrespectful remarks to th present en, Government at the commission table. Or re- Bobert son said he was willing to withdraw his no 130 nation for the -present if Or Josephs w-culd'do th nto same. Or Bcott suggested the postponement of th on matter for the present Or PhQlips thought a mem he of the law committee should be ohosen chairman C Morrison ple stated it was impossible for1dm to acce the en office of chairman. Be denied there wa3.anythio n." of a political tendency in his remarks. Finally the or meeting adjenrocd to allow a. caucus meeting of th e Eastern members being taken as to who should appointed chairman. . After a short retirement th oe members returned, and on the -motion of Cr Scot nanree commission for .electing him, and hoped it would h Bobertson was appointed. Cr Bobwtson thanked th nn cause to regret it ty-THave Cr Sum seoonded—" That a sub-committee, consi BERMING CHAIBIFAir.—Cr Bcott moved, and w ing of the chairmiLand Cra Wilson, Gray, Joseph ipt? Ferguson, and the mover, be appointed to devis In means of more fully recognising the services of th J4 ex-chairman." Or Morrison was adverse to the mo ages being put, but his objections were overoome and avings motion pnt and carried. e CoHxrmsae. —"The commission then appointed 00 finance, public works, and law committees. rty The commission then adjourned. » of 