TOWN TALK. The trial of Killen, Davitt, Daley, and Brennan, forseditioos utterances in Ireland, we are informed by Reuter, will commence to-day (the 16th inst.). Another cable uies* sage states that the Kohistani tribes are mustering their forces in Afghanistan, near the K-hyber Pass, and that steps .will- be taken immediately by General Roberts to disperse them. The Minister of Police in Turkey, who recently caused the arrest of the Mollah for translating the Bible into Turkish, has been decorated by the Sultan with tie Grand Cordon of the Order of the Hedjidie—an act which, it is expected, will give great offence to the British Government. A scandalous dramatic piece, grossly lam* poomng the Imperial Government, and other wise objectionable as subversive of public morals, was, some time since, attempted to be presented in "London, when the Lord Chamberlain, interfered, and forbade its per formance. The " stick-at-nothing " party in i this colony have enconraged a local dramatist (Mr Marcus Clarke) to write a local adapta tion of the play for presentation in Mel bourne, and it will be seen (by a telegram from oar Melbourne correspondent) that the Government have, on the same grounds as the Lord Chamberlain urged, forbidden its production. The telegraph office at Ivauhoe will be closed from 1st February. The water in the Little River is at present almost in a stagnant state. For some time past (writes our correspondent) many of the residents whose positions rendered their using the water a matter of compulsion have been loud in their complaints regarding its unwholesome state. These grounds of com plaint have been verified, for an examination of the water in diffetent parts of the stream shows it to be quite unfit for domestic use, it having a greenish tint and smelling not- unlike - bilge water. This change, cannot be accounted for, as the river is running, though but slowly. It is a noteworthy fact, ho>vever, that for the last four years the river has hardly been above summer level. Itis greatly to be feared that .the present state of the water will have an injurious effect on the English trout that were recently placed in the stream. We are requested to call the attention of town clerks and shire secretaries to the loth section of the Alines Statute, 1S7G, as very few of them have complied with the law, whichrequires them to transmit to the Sheriff before the 1st January every year a perfect and certified copy of the last citizen, burgess, or rate roll then in force. On Wednesday afternoon an accident hap pened at the old wharf, near the water- police boat shed. A lady, when.walking along the wharf, trod on a rotten plank, which broke, and she fell through the opening into the sea. The lady was rescued, however, before she had sustained any injury! Yesterday the wharf was railed off so as to prevent per sons from going on it. - The following accident cases were treated at the Hospital yesterday Charles Ross, a young man employed at Strong and Pierce's bootmaking establishment, suffering from a crashed finger. James Creed, 9 years of age, suffering from a cut leg, he having fallen on a broken-bottle. A young woman, whose name was not ascertained, suffering from a cnt ear, the result of having fallen against a fence. - The monthly meeting of members of the Geelong Volunteer Fire Brigade was held last night at the brigade station. Captain Christey occupied the Chair, and the mem bers mustered welL The question as to how and where the next anniversary of the establishment of the brigade shonld be cele brated va3_ considered at some "length. It was ultimately decided, on the motion of Lieut. Lowdy, seconded by Mr E. Baldoek, to go to Queenscliff, and employ one of the publicans to cater for the party. The chairman announced that the committee appointed to consider the advisability of ar ranging for a moonlight concert thought that, as the Exhibition was succeeding so well, it wonld be bad taste to arrange forone in January. The matter was allowed to lapse. The resignation of Air Shaw, as a member of the brigade, was accepted, and Air E. Few was nominated for membership. Air Keown, in proposing Air Few, referred to the fact that he had held, at different times extending over some years, the offices of lieutenent, secretary, and treasurer. The meeting then closed. Snakes are unusually plentiful in the Little River district this summer, and, strange to relate, they appear to regard the State school teachers in that locality as the only enemies of their tribe. Jnst prior to the holidays, the teacher of the Von Yangs State-school almost daily encountered one of these reptiles, and Inckily in every instance, with the assistance of the scholars, succeeded in despatching the unwelcome vermin, sometimes, too, after desperate opposition. Only a few days back the teacher of the Little River State-school received a visit from one of these vehomons pests, his snake ship attempting to obtain admission into the teacher's dwelling. Unfortunately for the snake teacher number two proved, him self equally as well versed iu snake - killing as jtbe You Yangs member of the profes sion, consequently the" intruder was soon placed Jiors de combat. The reptile was of the carpet species, and measured over five feet in length. The scarcity of water is -generally attributed as the cause of the snakes being so plentiful at the Little River and on the plains. " Litigants at the next County Court, which will be held next month, should remember that to-morrow is the last day ou which summonses will be issued. -Mr E. E. Hole's property fronting" Xarra street and adjoining the Geelong Hotel was submitted for sale at auction yesterday by Messrs Kobinson and Cullen. Only that portion of the land on which the cottage stands was purchased, the price given being £150. The bidding wa3 at no time very spirited, and for the Geelong Hotel no bid .worth accepting was made. A consignment of nine male and nine female prisoners came by the midday train from Melbourne yesterday. Both men and women were either aged or ailing, and were sent down principally to test the health giving' properties of the Geelong air. They were guarded by four constables. Since the opening of the Geelong and Mel bourne railway the large reservoir on the north side of the line.between Werribee and Little Biver, and about four miles from the latter place, has never been so low as it is at present. Some of Mr Chirnside's men state that the main feeder of the reservoir has. not been running for the last three years. This reservoir, better known as the Armstrong dam, has for years been the only summer supply for upwards of SOOO sheep; its storage, capacity, therefore, i3' being put to a severe test owing to the prolonged drought. .The following is a return of appoint ments, etc.", in the Police Force for. the week ending January 12th, 18S0 Appointments as Constables.—Joseph Stallard, Frederick George Harris, William Owen Daly. Su perannuation.—Constable Patrick Sheahan. A correspondent writes to say that a farmer at the Anakies, who came to Gee. long-"to get men to cut his crop, could not find hands at 63 6d per day and their keep; the wage.asked him was 12s Gd. If so, wo can only say that matters-are by no means so bad1 as the idiots who have "Berry blight" on the brain try to make it appear. - . - . Mr Pardey, J.P., attended at the Police Court yesterday, and discharged a woman who professed penitence for having been under the"influence of drink on the previous day. ; On the x>lains on either side of the Werribee river water is said to be very scarce, The re freshing rains that fell just before the harvest set in acted most beneficially on the crops and grass, but only in exceptional oases were the waterholcs and dams filled. Miss M. Carroll, for some time teacher of the Catholic School, little Biver, having applied for a school under the State system, has been appointed to a State school near Kerang. Miss X. Conlon, a recent arrival from Ireland, fills tho position vacated by Miss Carroll. The following notifications of local in terest appear in Wednesday's issne of tho Police Gazette :—Stolen from the person of Robert Greenham, Geelong, on the 6th in stant, in Melbourne, a lady's silver hunting watch, and £5 17s cash. Stolen from the dwelling of Mrs Sarah Kenwortby, New town, Geelong, between November 3rd and December 25th last, a lady's gold ring set with three diamonds and two rabies alter nately, morocco ring-case, with small book lined witlf white satin. Stolen from Peter Smyth, Belmont, on the 5th instant, a bnllock-hide saddle, nearly new, pigskin seat, large kneepads, leather girth, " T. Hinchcliflj Sonth Geelong," stamped on one flap ; and a common bridle. Stolen from Thomas Cook, Marshalltown, Geelong, on the 5th instant, a chesnnt light harness mare, branded JB conjoined near shoulder, aged, 151 bands high, star, long switch tail. Stolen from James Griffin, Naraghid, near Camperdown, last month, a dark-brown thorongh-bred filly, 3 years old, 14 bands high, branded JG near shoulder, slight cut point of off shoulder, broken to saddle. We understand tiiat Bliss uargon intends visiting Geelong shortly to give one of her famous recitals from the great authors. For that purpose the Mechanics' Institute has . been hired for Tuesday, 3rd February. The . authors from whose writings selections will be made are—Sheridan, E. - A. Poe, Tenny. . son, Shakespeare, Wietter, Boucicanlt, Wat son, Burns, Davis, and Hood. Amongst the pieces which will be given are Poe's master-^ piece, "The Baven," Tennyson's "Charge of the Light Brigade," and "TheBeauti- . fnl Snow." Miss Dargon has been moBt sue- ■ cessful in her delineation of the principal characters in liigh-class plays, and has also attained high distinction as an elocutionist. As the recital will not partake of those characteristics which are considered by soma as objectionable in the modern drama, all who admire talent will have an opportunity of according a first-class artist a warm recep tion. The Mortlake Despatch asserts that some difficulty promises to arise between Sir J. O'Shanassy and Mr Service respecting the Catholic vote at the approaching general election. The former has called on the latter for a specific statement whether he will snpport a separate grant. Mr Service has not given a direct answer to the ques tion, which is likely to complicate matters. The Casllemaine Jtepresentalive states that Mr Blarney will come forward in opposition to Mr Service for Maldon, and those who are • supposed to be in the secret speak of a far more formidable and powerful opponent. It is also whispered that Mr Service will resign his seat for Maldon, being by no means snre of it, and offer himself to a constituency nearer Melbourne. The Argus is informed that the Bev. Thomas Jones, pastor of the Collins-street . Independent Church, will leave for Eng land on or about the 19th March next. It is rumored that Mr Purves will stand against Mr Dow at Kara Kara. Mr B. T. Vale will contest Ballarat East at all hazards. Mr Bird announces that he will seek re-elec- - tion for Grenville. In a letter written by Scott, the con demned bushranger, the other day, it is mentioned that the date fixed for his execu-" - tion, the 20th inst., is the anniversary of his father's birthday. We are glad to learn that the balance sheet of the Ballarat Woollen Company for the past six months, to be laid before the shareholders at the next meeting, will Bhow a very satisfactory profit of about £1000 on the half- year's transactions, equal to nearly Th per cent, on the paid-up capital. At the public meeting held on Wednes day eveniug in Ballarat to devise means for alleviating the distress in Ireland, a sum of £250 13s 4d was collected in the room, and a committee was appointed to canvass for sub scriptions. Mr M. Longhlin, of racing cele brity, wrote promising to contribute £100 to the fnnd. The Australian and European and Com mercial banks have adjusted their differences, the arbitrators having fixed the value of the Bhares in the latter institution at 32s. This makes one Commercial Bank share, bearing dividend from the 1st October, 1S79, equal to two aud a-half Australian and European shares, and represents a loss of 3Ss per share to shareholders in the latter corporation. The following telegram, which appears in the Otago Daily Times of 31st December, is dated Sydney, December 30th:—"Ithas transpired at Hong Kong that the police have been in the habit of shipping criminals to Australia at the rate of 40 at a time." If the above is true it would be as well for the Government of New South Wales to at ouce . make provision against the influx of Celes tial wrongdoers. ! ■ ? A gentleman writing from Smythesdale ' says that the mayor of Buninyong visited that town on Sunday last on an election eering tonr, and called npon Mr John Lynch and Mr Wm. Clarke, to learn if either gentle man intended to contest Grenville oh the Conservative, or, as it is more fashionable to call it now, the independent ticket. Mr Lynch declined to give his visitor any de finite answer, and Mr Clarke seemed eqnally uncertain ou the subject, so that the visit was fruitless. it; is reported irom Wedderbum that ex tensive and very destructive bush fires are at present raging in the neighborhood of -Woosang. The consequences will probably be disastrous to some oE the selectors in the locality. The farms of Messrs Thomas and George Morecroft, Teetgen, and Bohmer saches are at present on fire. Over two miles of fencing have already been destroyed, and the cbock- and-log fencing is now blazing fiercely. To make matters worse a large quantity of grain in bags is lying in the pad docks which are on fire. ; In the city, within the last day or two (writes the Herald), the amount of gold held by the banks has been spoken of. It is stated that one institution alone in Mel bourne holds in its strong-room £1,700,000 in sovereigns. The question has been dis missed in a friendly way, as to whether the holding of such a sum is or is not au evidence of good banking. It is generally understood that moneys are accumulating in the banks to such an extent that a decrease in the rate of interest paid on deposits may be expected, a consummation most devoutly to be wished, say mercantile men and traders generally. A great deal has been written about the Woods' brake to the attempted disparage ment of the Commissioner of Railways, and many persons are under the impression, no doubt, that Mr Woods has pocketed a large sum of money by an invention of which the travelling public enjoy the undoubted benefit. It is well for this impression to be removed; Mr Bent has recently been talking about " jobbery " in connection with the invention, and Mr Waters, secretary to the Company, writes to the Argus, in which he says :—"As to pecuniary benefit, not a single penny has been paid by any person for the UBe of this brake, so that where the jobbery comes . in it is somewhat difficult to understand." Speaking of the Garden Palace the Sydney Herald says :—The total admissions to the Exhibition and grounds since the opening day have been 596,299. From the returns fnrnished to the Commission it appears that the average receipts per day, including Sun days, since the opening day, were £211 ; and the amount for wages and salaries was £S0. Tickets averaged £260 per working day. The total amount received on revenue account for sales of tickets of admission and for concessions and ground rent to January Sth, 1SS0, inclusively, was : On ticket^ ac count, £25,291 Is ; on concession account, £1954 3s 2d : making a total of £27,245 4s 2d. The total amount due on concession ac count to the Commission for ground rent and concessions to the 6th Jaunary, 1SSQ, £367 13s. Information.was received in Melbourne on Wednesday that a laborer named Pryke had reported to the St. Arnaud police that at half-past S o'clock on the night of the Ilth iust. he had been stuck up on the main road leading into St. Arnaud, at a place called Carrapooe, by two men. One of the men, Pryke says, seized his horse by the bridle, and both presented revolvers at him, and ordered him to dismount and hand over his money. He gave them £2, which was all he had at the time. Strange to say, Pryke did not report the affair to the police until the following morning, and although he was pressed by the police to lay a formal infor mation against the robbers, and have war rants issued for their arrest, he refused to do so. Xo trace of the highwaymen has been found, though they are supposed to have gone in the direction of Stuart's Mill. At a meeting of the Harbor Trust on Wednesday, it was resolved to proceed at once with the catting at Fisherman's Bend, recommended by Sir John Coode, to the boundaries of the land under the control of the Trust. A petition to the Legisla tive Assembly was drawn up, asking that the Trust should be empowered to carry oat the whole of the work, and that the rest of the land through which the cutting passes he placed under its control. A letter was also read from Messrs Wright and Orr, ex pressing a wish to settle the dock dispute amicably. As the Trust's solicitors had entered upon an action at law against the firm, it was decided that nothing in the ■way of arbitration could now be entered into, unless the resolution under which the solicitors acted was rescinded. On the arrival of the steamship Glenelg at Sydney, from Adelaide, on the 11th inst., the cook of the vessel wa3 handed over to the water police- as he was suffering from derangement of mind with a suicidal ten dency. On two occasions during the voyage to that port he tried to destroy himself. The first time he attempted to beat his brains out with a wooden mallet, but was disco vered while in the act, and the mallet taken away from him. A strict watch was after wards kept over him, but notwithstanding this he succeeded in getting possession of a razor, with which he endeavored to cut his throat, but he only Indicted a very slight wound when he was prevented from doing hitnselr any further injury. Be was then put under restraint until the vessel arrived in port. On Tuesday evening news reached Stawell that during the day the bushfire which had. been burning a!on<j the range approached so near Ararat as to call forth all the energies of its residents. It steadily swept on to the southward, on both the Opossum Gully and Ararat sides of the range. Several settlers oxi the slopes and in the gullies were burned out, and in one instance a woman sustained such injuries as to render It necessary to convey her to the hospital. At Ararat (says the P. C. JWrc-sj the fire-bell rang, and al most the entire adult male population mus tered to combat the dames, in which work' they were engaged until our informant left. As supplementing the men, it was stated that the senior classes of the State school bad also been drafted off for duty, and that, with the oneness of purpose which always characterise the people of Ararat, the work was recognised as one all were bound to join in, and zo continue at till successful. An amusing story comes to us {BaBarat Courier) from Melbourne, showing that a hearty cheer is quite as pleasurable to an old politician as applause to an actor~ or the trumpet sound to an old war-horse. It ap pears that after the Irish famine Belief Fund meeting on Friday night last, a promi nent burly knight and M.L.A-, met a friend, ana smiling:—a3 he alone can smile,— said " S , nay boy, I have not been so happy for many a day as now." "Why, what's the cause of all this hilarity I*7 interrogated the astonished friend. " Oh, yon would never guess it, "replied the knight. ** I hare just experienced the sensation of a good cheer—a thing I have been a stranger to tor the past sixteen years. Come and let us have a sherry." And, overcome with the newly awakened feelings, and old memories, the happy man took bis companion's arm, and the two were shortly afterwards un sighted, as they vanished through the side door of the White Hart hoteL We take the following frotuthef.G- Ae«e#1 \ —" As additional to the many suggest!• ns ! from time to time made regarding the utili sation of the maliec countiy, may be men tioned one based on the theory that the soil i is in every way adapted to the growth of some varieties of the vine. This is highly probable, the soil covered by the dwarf euca lypti being in many parts of exactly the cha racter sought after by those best versed in vinticulture. The expense of clearing would not be heavy, and now that railways pro mise to pierce the maliee in various directions; the objection of distance from a mar ket would be oh via.ted. The comparative rainlessness of the region would be no obsta cle, and in days to come it may be the vine will supersede the dumosa to a very conside rable exten fc. At the same time; while there are so many acres available similar to those between Great Western and Ararat, and along the entire course of the C-oncongeBa, it is hardly likely anyone will venture to ex periment in vine-planting on the northern lowlands. A3 an outlet for the energy of the future and a home for its surplus popu lation, however, the district mav be valuable in the way referred to." Xhe Illustrated A.ustrahaii JXars for Hie month, is a capital number. It contains a fnll-pagepictnrecf the Colae Regatta; the captain's wife at the wheel of the German ship -Moorhnrg ; and a number of other illus trations of an interesting character. Melbourne Piuhdt ttiw -week publishes a cartoon 4t Help for Ireland," together "with some well-written lines on the subject of Irish distress. When Punch leaves the region of party politics to discus?, pictorially or otherwise, social matters* it is always good, and it is notably so in this instance. The Secretary of the Free library has received for the use of the Institute, from the Tasmanian Government, " Walch's Tas magiaa Almanac for 1SS0 and Horn the "Victorian Government, " Education He-, port for the year 1S7S This evening the bnriesqne cf Robinson Crusoe, to be followed by a pantomime, will be played at the Mechanics' Institute by Mrs G. 15. IV. Lewis, assisted by a talented company and her baby harlequinade. A meeting of the members and committee of the Chilwell Protection League will be held at the Sawyers' Arms at eight o'clock this evening. On Saturday evening Mr ML Harnett's lec ture on Father Matthew, the great apostle of temperance, in the Town Hall, will be enlivened with musical selections, arrange ments having been made for the rendering of Irish national songs by a number of ama teur vocalists. Public meetings will be held at "Winchel sea, Birregurra, and Lorne, on Monday after noon, at five o'clock, in order to raise money in aid of the Irish Famine Relief Fund. 