j NEIVS OF THE DAY. | -a IN spite of tho unvarying successos of tho British arms, the Basuto rising is still unrepressed. Somo other tribes have now shown open hostility to the British, and tho disaffection is reported to bo spreading. In ícgard to the Kastern question, the Sultan finds it difficult to get his orders executed, and the European Powers to get their wishes gratified. The Albanians of Duloigno stubbornly refuse to sutrender themselves and their country to Montenegro. Riza Pasha is reported to have tried his inlluence with them, but they would not hearken to the Aoice of the charmer, and butchered the messengor he sent to treat with them. Dervisch Pasha, who has a considerable force under him, has been ordered to use lovco if necessary to secure tho cession of Dulcigno. The agitation in Ireland shows no abatement, and the Government have resolved upon sending 2000 additional constables into tho disturbed districts to preserve older. Hamburg has been placed in a state of siege by the' German Government. This step is avowedly directed against the Socialists. The Kurdish invasion of Persia is assuming formidable proportions. The marauders have not only laid vva&te; large tracts of country, and pillaged almost innumerable villages, but have cap lured an important town, and are to attempt the capture of a still moro important one, containing 200,000 inhabitants. A movement is on foot to abolish the system of renewing bills with Australian firms in the Manchester trade. Ox Saturday morning Sir Henry Parkes ai rived by special train al Uiange, and, after breakfasting,> received an address of welcome from tho Mayor and aldermen, and met deputations, urging the claims of the town and¡(district_| to the establishment of a high school, and the need for the reduction of the produce rates and passenger fares on tho Western lino of railway. At noon the Premier laid the corner-stone of the new Public school, in the presence of a largo assembly, including the school children, nnd delivered an address on tho education question in tho courso of whioh he explained the provisions of tho law, spoke of the new regulations and the progress made since tho let May last ; and, in conclusion, urged the electors in the forth- coming election to demand of candidates a clear expres- sion of their opinion lest tho law should be unsettled. In the evening the Premier was cnteitained at a ban- quet in the Club House Hotel, at which the Mayor of Orange occupied the chair, and there was a large num- ber of gentlemen present. The hon. gentleman uttered in pleasing terms the gratification ho experienced in accepting the hospitality extended to him, and ho also de- scribed a political eouise which he said he would pursue if the Ministry survived the.elections. In conclusion, he proposed ," Success to the Town and District," and, in doing so, complimented the residents of the beautiful district on the progress they had made in extending and improving tho town and in promoting settlement around it. Ho also congratulated them on their occu- pation of a soil capable of great productiveness, and re- commended them, in common with the residents of other country districts, to make the variety of their productions as extensive as possible, and not to limit it to wheal and one or two products of a similar order. Ox Saturday, tho weather was unpleasantly Avarm, the chango irom tho cold and íainy weather of a week ago being most marked; a strong Avinel also blew from tho Avostward during the greater part of the day, íaising clouds ol' dust, and render- ing locomotion anything but agreeable to pedestrians. During yesterday morning tho sun akone out with even greater fieiceness than ii did on the pre- vious day, and about 10 o'clock the wind, which had been blowing from tho westward, suddenly increased to half a gale, culminating in a dust storm, such as even Sydney is rarely visited with. About midday the wind moderated, and wore round to the -south, being then cool and pleasant ; but towards tho afternoon it again increased in" strength, and dust was again flying in all directions. The atmosphere, however, continued much cooler than in the morning. At dusk the wind died away to a cool and gentle breeze/nnd the sky was cloudless. Yesterday afternoon Archbishop Vaughan, in the presence of an assemblage numbering some five hun- dred persons, including the Venerable Archdeacon Rig- ney, Rev. P. Carroll, Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.L.A., and the principal Roman Catholic residents of Parramatta, laid and blessed the foundation stone of the Church of the Holy Trinity, at Granville. The Archbishop, on arriving at the site of the new building, was greeted with loud applause, and the proceedings commenced by Archdeacon Rigney explaining the nature and origin of the work to initiate which the gathering had been held that afternoon ; and he concluded by making an appeal for pecuniary aid. By the collection which was im- mediately made over £130 was realized, most of the contributions being small amounts; and as soon as this important part of the business was concluded, the Archbishop was presented with a handsome trowel and mallet with which to lay the foundation stone. Pre- vious to performing that ceremony, he briefly addressed those around him. He expressed the pleasure he felt that so large a sum should have been obtained, the collection having far exceeded his expectation. But he was not surprised, for wherever he went the Catholics responded with a generosity that was not only a great encouragement and a source of delight and gratification to him, but whioh fairly astonished those who did not belong to them. If there was a test by which a person's real sympathy with any movement could be ascertained and palpably demonstrated, that test was certainly money ; and he believed that if there was any people in the world who had, in a thoroughly practical manner, shown their love and devotion to their religion, it was the Catholics of the archdioceses of Sydney, whose noble generosity could not be surpassed anywhere. If there was anything that could brace him up in his work and console him in his trials it was the fact of having around him zealous priests to help him in maintaining and spreading the faith, and a generous peoplee who were at all times prepared to make, sacrifices for the sake of religion, and the various religious orders who were giving such great help by educating the young. It was the greatest consolation of his life to have these men and women, who had given up everything that was worth living for in order to go into schools to teach and guide the young; and when the Catholics were left to themselves, he intended to establish these religious teachers in all large centres of the population. He was sure that this would be a wise step, for it would' not only materially benefit their own religion, but would, in a very great degree, tend towards preserving Christianity itself, whioh would, ere long, be sur- rounded on all sides by infidelity. The stone was then laid, with the usual formula, atfer which the assemblage dispersed. The building, which promises to be of an unpretentious character, both as regards size and design, will, however, be a boon to the Catholics resid- ing in the immediate vicinity, and for whose special benefit and convenience it is being erected. Tim establishment of a íefrigerating chamber on" board the steamship Orient, whose departure on Friday wo have already noticed, has obviated tho necessity of carrying live stock to supply tho wants of the pas- sengers on tho voyage between P.ngland and Australia, and for tho first time that vessel will make the trip toi England with a full supply of killed meat. Tho oider was given to Mr. Alderman Playfair, and the iesource3 of his establishment were such that, notwithstanding the fact that he had only threo available days in whiuhi to procuro the nooessaiy supplies, not an hour's delay occuned, and everything was placed on board the Orient tho evening before her departure. Tho supplies inoluded no less than 80,000 lbs. of meat (comprising beef, mutton, lamb, veal, sausages, &o.;), 700 head of poultry, pluoked and tiussed, and 450 lbs. of fish. The fish were specially selected by Mr, Seymour, the auc- tioneer of the Pish Market ; the cattle were AVhito's ; tho shoop were Warrah fed, and averaged 00 lbs. ; and the poultry wero procured by Mr. H. Ireland, of the Central Markets. The Orient left with, it is calculated I sufficient supplies to meet all requirements for a fort 1 night after her arrival in London, and we are informed that a large expenditure which has hitherto been .shared bj Melbourne and Adelaide, has on thU occasion teen secured by Sydney träde=men. The order ia piobably the largest oí tho kind ever j executed at this port, and Captain 3lèwi«on before ! leaving complimented Alderman Playfair on tho I promptitudo with which he had responded to tho j sudden call made upon him. Wo understand that somo j j of tho regulationa at tho Circular Quay are calculated | i to hinder rather than facilitate busines". On Wednes-1 day afternoon, Mr. Playfair had a largo slock of meat I at the quay ready to "sônd by steamer to tlio Orient, when without any previous notice ho was stopped by .111 official, and informed that according to tho new regulations only passengers and their effects coulcl bo Sent from tho Circular Quay. Two or three ' hours' delay in the gun would have been i most injurious to the meat, and tho Colonial ¡ Treasurer was therefore immediately appealed to, and ho gavo orders that instead of hindering tho di.patch i of supplies every facility should bo afforded. It. should, however, be deiinitely decided whether such facilities are to be always íelied upon, because tho samo difficulty may frequontly arise in tho future, and every tradesman is equally entitled to the assistance cour- j teously given by the Colonial Treasurer in this instance. | TJIE La Hoguo last week biought some fancy animals to order of Sydney residents, including a fox temor f-lut and bull teriier dog, both of which have come out in splendid condition, and no doubt will ba shown at tho forthcoming Agricultural Society's ex- hibition. Tho fox ferrier ia Champion Gerty, siro Champion Buffett, dam Champion Gaiety. Buffett is the acknowledged best fox terrier in England, and his present owner gave £250 for him and £100 for Gaiety. Gerty has taken, amongst other prizes, 1st' Pickering, 1st Winterton, 1st and Cup Macclesfield, 1st Bristol, 1st Methyr Tydvil, 2nd Birmingham Grand National (where 116 fox terriers were shown;, 2nd Wolver hnmpton, &e.; The bull terrier dog has been selected for Mr. J. II. Copland by Mr. Mansfield-well known as a judgo at English dog shows-and is from prize winners on both side3. IN another column will be found published tho "reasons" of his Honor Mr. Justico Faucett for his judgment in " The City Bank v. Allen," furnished for tho purpose of tho appeal of the Bank to-tho Privy Council. There is a great deal of important business sot down for di=cussion at tho meeting of tho Municipal Council on Thursday next. The following are among tho notices of motion:-By Alderman Playfair,-"That' tho report of tho Finance Committee, submitting for the approval of the Council a plan of proposed site for cattle sale yards at Homebush, bo adopted ; and that the necessary application be mado to his Excellency the Governor to take under tho provisions of ' The Munici- pal Cattle Sale Yards Site Acquisition Aot,' twonty nine acres of land, as shown within the rod line on the plan, for the purpose of such yards, and that the addi- tional eleven acres, as shown within tho green line, bo purchased from the trustees of Potts' estate under pre- vious arrangements." By Alderman O'Connor, " That there be laid on the table of this Council, im- mediately, the amounts spent in city works by vote of Council, and the amount by authority of the Mayor, in each year separately, from 1870 to 1879, inclusive ; also, the amount spent for nino months of the present year." By Alderman M'Elhone,-" That Mr. M'Beath, City Architect, shall not be employed as City Architect in future by tho City Corporation." liy Alderman Carter,-" That in the opinion of this Council, it is. desirable that the Board of Water Supply and Sewerage, provided for by ' The Metropolitan Water and Sewer- age Act of 1880,' should be appointed by the Govern mant as soon as possible ; and that a deputation of this Council wait upon the honorable the Colonial Secretary for the purpose of urging the matter for his immediate consideration." By Alderman Withers,-"That tho report of the Finance Committee recommending the appropriation of £100 to secure tho services of a com- petent engineer to report upon the Kenny Hill water scheme be adopted." I TUB following resolutions were passed«nt a meeting I held at Orange, on Wednesday evening last, in favour of protection :-1. " That, in view of the exhting de ' pression, which .seriously affeots tbo industries of the colony, it is the duty of the Legislature to afford relief by imposing import duties on articles which como_into direct competition with the manufactures and produc- tions of the colony, or by offering bonuses to encourage nativo, industry." 2, "That the substanco of the foregoing resolution be embodied in a petition to the Legislative Assembly, and presented as early as con- venient to the forthcoming 1'aili.t-uunt." Tnn new organ imported for St. David's Chuich, Surry Bills, has a compass from CC to C, 2 octave3 pedals. Tts stops aro as follow :-Bulciaua, 8 feet ; Wald flute, treble, 8 feet tone ; stop diapason bass, | 8 feet tone ; open diapason, 8 feet ; principal, <1 feet ; I stopped flute, 4 feet tone . fifteenth, 2 feet ; pedal bourdon, 113 feet tone ; and pedal coupler. The stopped flute is exceedingly sweet, and the swell is Venetian. The case of the organ has an oak front, and tho pipes whero visible are slightly decorated, so that the instru- ment has a chaste and elegant appearance. AT the Cowra Public School, a purt-e of sovereigns and an address wore presented on Saturday to Mr. Quick, who is leaving Cowra, to take charge of the Public sohool at Cargo, in the Orange district. The girls of ¡the sohool presented Mrs. Quick with an appropriate testimonial .before leaving. OUR Mudgee correspondent telegraphed on Saturday as follows :-" A good deal of leehng is arising in tho district even among men of moderato views, and who recognise the difficulty of dealing with prison labourA against the unfair competitioa outside labour is subjected to from the prison labour carried on in tho Mudgee, gaol Ploughs aro being manufactured, painting done,-j and various trades carried on. It is stated that no. other country district is subjected to-tho same sort of competition." AT about half-past 8 o'clock on Saturday afternoon sômo spaths from an adjoining chimney settled upon a house in Clarence-place, off Clarence-street, and ignited the shingle roof. Much of the roof and ceiling below were- destroyed, but the inmates of the house extin- guished the fire before any material damage was done.« The building, belonging to Mr. J. Geddes, of Botany, is insured in the Imperial Company, and was ooeupied aa a private dwelling by Mr. Jtunea Johnson. Tho Volun- teer Insurance and City Brigades wei e in attendance ; but their, services were fortunately not required. On Saturday evening, at about a quarter past 9 o'clock, a? fire occurred.at 161, Elizabeth-street, on premises be-' long to Mr. William Long, M.L.A., and occupied-as a bedding «manufactory by Mr. Robert Kelly. The lire, seems to have originated among some hot ashes in «, fire- place in a backroom aear whioh there was a large quanti-, ty ofjbags and bedding material. The City, Volunteer, and Insurance' Brigades wera promptly in attendance, and thee last-named quickly extinguished the flames, whioh were» confined to the room in which they broke out. The«; building is not insured, but tho contents are covered to the extent of £150 in tho City Mutual Company. Last; night the refleotion of flames in the direction ot Rand- wick gave riso to the report that a large conflagration' was raging in that neighbourhood. The alarm was communicated to the various offices ; but it was soon discovered that the cause of the fire was nothing more seripus than a bush-fire. While proceeding along Foveaux-street, in the direction of the glaro, an alter- cation occurred between the members of the No. 1,| Volunteer and the City Fire Companies. The Volunteers were in front with their heavy engine, and the latter wore speodily gaining upon them with a lighter machine. To prevent the loss of their first position, the Volunteers had recourse to stratagem, and coursed about the street from side to side. In spite of this, the City Brigade attained the lead ; and to express his disgust, a member of the Volunteer Company ondeavoured to impede tho piogress of tho victorious engine by holding down tho blake attached to its wheels. A remonstrance was made, when the man struck the assistant-superintendent» blow in the face, and.an angry brawl resulted. Another instance of unpleasant ill-feeling occurred at the fire'im Elizaboth-street, On Saturday night. SERGEANT POTTER, has reported to the City Coroner that about a quarter-past 1 o'clock yesterday, a man named John ÜY Walsh, aged about 40 years, and à native of Amorica, was found dead in his bed in his lodgings, Kent House, Kent and Bathurst streets, by Buniol Lonergan, a fellow lodger. That man states that, in company with himself, Robert Lowery, and Matthias Hajjlunt, the deceased carno over in the Te Anau(s.) from New Zealand, arriving hero on the'25th ultimo, and taking lodgings in the house whero his remains were found. Lonergan first became aequaintecL with the deceased in Wellington, and he had been more or less in his ,company, until half-past llo'clookon Saturday night. The deceased at that hour went up to his bedroom. o£ whioh he waa the only occupant,. He had not complained of any iilne-is, but not coming down 'in breakfast the following moraine, his door was | burst open, and ho was discovered lying dead in bed. , ; Pr.Sponcer, in the presence of sergeant Potter, examined the body, and found a bullet wound in tho left breast, the flesh of which Avas blackened with powder. A six-chamber revolver (one chamber only discharged) was fourid lying by tho side of the bed, but no poison in the houso heard tho report of its discharge. Hajjluntmet deceased at Port Lytlelton, and accompanied him to ! AYellington, and thenco to Sydney. Daring a con- versation with his comradea on tho voyage, tho deceased had been heard to say that hij parents wore living at ! Dungarvan, Waterford, Ireland. A bottle of " black i draught " was found upon tho floor, and 2s. lOd. in money ; a Avatch and two chains, some letters, and a I bundle of clothing were also found in tho room. An ' inquest will bo held upon the remains this afternoon. I THE following weio among the casualties attended to ' at the Infirmary on Saturday :-Rebecca AYright, con | fusion and cut over the right eye, said to have been caused by a kick from a man. AVilliam Long, 3o, living at Ryde, Buffering from a dislocation of the right collar bone, which he sustained through slipping down in Elizabeth-street. Mary Banton, 33, severe bruises ovor the left shoulder and about the face. She said she had been struck, and that a bucket of vi alor was thrown over her. Michael Jarra, 43, lacerated scalp wound. He appeared exhausted, and said he had beon struck by his wife. ' Ir was reported at the City Coroner's office on Satur- day that a beaman named Janies William!, died on -board the ship Queen of tho South during a voyage from the Macleay River. The deceased had been seen and attended to by Dr. Gildae, of Kempsey, on the 27th instant, who prescribed for bim, and his instruc- tions weie carried out faithfully until tho man died. Tho deceased was suffering from paralysis, and his remains havo beon conveyed to 70, Elizabeth-street, the residence of his widow. THE appointments of Messis. Benjamin and Graham Berry, jun. (says the Argus) were before tho Assembly on Thursday, a discussion springing up on the questions put by Mr. Murray Smith to elicit tho facts of tho case, Mr. Berry stated that Mr. Benjamin Berry entered the public service in 1875, and had given every satisfaction to the officers whom he had served under. In 1379 ho was performing fourth class work, and thereforo ho was appointed to tho fourth olass. Mr. Boiry also said that a politician in his position is excluded from sources of employment for his family which are open to other persons, ne cannot apply to the merchants, nor to tho bankers, nor to the, largo landowners, bocauso they aro political opponents, and thereforo it is natuial to turn lo tho public service. As to tho appointment of Mr. Graham Borry. jun., the Treasury, ho says, made urgent application for a junior clerk, and as the lad was terving as a probationer he gave him tlio post. Mr. Borry said that he saw now that tho time was unfortunate for making the ap- pointment,, and as tho young man had sent in his ío signation he had determined to accept it. Mr. Service declared that no defence hacLbeen offered. It is clear, he contends, that the plea of " known ability " cannot apply to the lower classes of the servioe, but must refer only to men of peculiar qualifications Avhoso services it is necessary to obtain. The junior clerks in the Civil Service, thereforo, could not but feel hurt when the young man in question waa pitchforked over their heads, and. the fact that the favoured individual was the son of the Chief Secretary no doubt gave a keener edge to the sense of injustico. Mr. Service added that as to Mr. Graham Berry, jun., it was an cxtraoidinary thing that tho po3t of ¿60 per annum created in his favour should not have been offeied to one of the youug men receiving £80 per annum AVIIO were being gazetted out of office. As. lo the testi- monials submitted of Mr. Benjamin Berry's efficiency, Mr. Service and also Mr. Carter said that that had not beon disputed. Mr. Service is favourably impressed with the young man, but still ho'donies his right to the classified position. 