THE BUSH FIRES. Murchison, Thursday week. The bush fires in the neighbourhood of Wahring, are still burning. Mr Thomas Cahill, of Wahring, has lost four stacks of wheat and oats, and reaping machine. Mr J. Kendy has had .acres of grass and over four miles of fencing burnt. Mr J. Breen, residing seven miles from Murchi son has lost over six miles of fencing and 700 acres of grass. Messrs J. Cahill and Robert Barrow, of Dargaland, have had a considerable, quantity of grass and fencing burnt. The wind having changed, it is not expected that the fires will extend much further. The fires between here and Nagambie were caused by sparks from the railway engines. lEATHrcorT, Thursday. On Tuesday last bush-fires were raging in various directions from the town. The heat was intense, and a strong wind that was blowing throughout the day was very propitious to the speed of the fire. .Mr Wilton, of Derrinal, was the principal sufferer by a fire that occurred on his run on the day named, a oonsiderable- portion of the grass on the run, together. with a lot of brush fencing, being consumed. It also stated that a number of sheep were burnt at the same time. It is supposed that the fire started from a swag man's camp fire at a dam near the old One-Eye Rush, near the property of Mr Speed, who also had some fencing destroyed. About fifty persons, including people liv ing in the locality, and a number from Heathcote, turned out and rendered what aid they could tocheck the progress of the fire. It was found impossible for them to get allead of it, as the flames were driven too rapidly by the wind. They, however. managed to keep it pretty well within hounds by beating it ont on each side, and by making gaps in the brush fence, succeeded in saving a good deal of it. At one time the property of Mr Wool ley, including residence, stacks, fencing etc., appeared in imminent danger of being destroyed, but luckily escaped. Mr Chap man's and ether places.in the locality were also threatened, as the fire at one time was making straight for them. The fire did not cross Mr 'Wiltoq's Foadl, a change in the wind bringing it down towards the Sandhurst road in the direction of the Black Swan... In consequence of the drifting smoke the fire several times during the day seemed tq be on the verge of the town. Smoke was also . to be seen rising from fires some distance to the east of the town, and in the direction of Tooboracno, the latter no.doubt being the' continuation of the one that occurred at Mr Walker's pad dock. We also learn that an extensive fire was raging in the ranges in the direction of Piper's Creek near Barlold. On the 15th a change took place in the weather, the day being cool and pleasanrt. A telegram from the Arnus correspon dentat Queenecliff says :-On Friday after noon upon the arrival of the steamer Queenscliff at the Queenscliff pier, it was ascertained that two of the crew were poi soned-one a fireman named Thos. Lester had died, and the other a deck hand named WValter White was dangerously ill from the effects of poison. When the vessel was coming down the bay.the men went to the steward and asked for a drink of ale and tonic water, and about half an hoyr elhpsed when the two meen were seized with spasms, The attention of Mr Phipps, solicitor, was drawn to the men, and upon feeling their pulses he advised water and mustard, as an emetic, but Lester continued bad, and died within an hour after drinking the mix ture. WVhite was still alive when the steamer arrived, but in a very dangerous state, and was seized ivith' convulsive spasms. The steamerstarted for Portsea with him on board.' The police took possession of the body of Lester pending an inquest. They also took possession of all the drinkables in the bar, and the bottle containing the re mainder of.:the ale after the men were served. The seaman White is apparently a little easier, but still in a preqarious con dition. The qteaner was detained until the arrival'' of Dr. Pincoit by the train. A later telegram says :-Dr Pincott ar rived by; the 10.p.m. train and examined the patient White, who.aplears to be re= covering, oe has grecrjebd for limu, and is uqw waiting to administer the remedy. White 'refused to be removed from the steauner,which sttarts for Melbourne shortly, when he will be conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital. The liquor drank by the men consisted of Castlemaine ale, bottled by Fitzgerald and Perrins, and lemonade in unlabelled bottles. 