SANDHURST. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MONDAY EVENING. A movement is on foot here to raise funds for the relief of the distress existing in Ireland In connexion with the movement, however, a considerable amount of indignation has been aroused amongst the more influential of the natives of the Emerald Isle in the community, owing to Mr. J. P. Carolin, a gentleman who, except as president of the local branch of the Reform League, is very little known in Sandhurst, having assumed the leadership in the affair, and by advertisement called a meeting of sympathisers for Thursday evening next. Some correspondents, writing in to-day's Advertiser, walks into Mr. Corolin vigorously, pointing out that politics and benevolence do not mix well, and contending that his action is nothing more than a piece of political dodgery. Mr. Carolin is reminded of the result which followed upon his calling a meeting of business people during the late strike to render some assistance to the miners, at which, although the sympathies of the business people were at that time strongly in favour of the men, not a single tradesman attended. Finally, it is suggested that instead of working under Mr. Carolin's auspices, a meeting of the principal residents should be convened by circular, with the object of raising funds to relieve the distress in Ireland. Steps have already been taken, I believe, to carry out this suggestion. If the honorary magistrates would only second the determined efforts which are being made by Mr. Webster, P.M., of this district to stamp out larrikinism, the evil, I venture to say, would soon be abated, if not altogether removed. A youth named Dillon was charged, at the Eaglehawk Police Court, on Saturday, with having made use of disgusting language in a public place, and the offence was clearly proved. It was mentioned during the hearing of the case that the defendant was the leader of a gang of larrikins who had systematically organised a fund to provide for the payment of fines which might be inflicted upon any of them by the Bench. Mr. Webster remarked that he would make the fine so heavy that it would place a severe strain on the funds of the "society." The amount was £10, or three months' imprisonment, and the treasurer being unable to meet this demand the defendant had to accept the alternative. In the city on Saturday evening four or five larrikins picked a quarrel with some Italians, whom they followed to Gromann's Hotel, View Point, where the Italians took refuge. The larrikins attempted to follow them, but the landlord closed the door against them, whereupon the gang smashed in a large and valuable window, and decamped. Senior constable Gleeson, who was standing in the Mall heard the crash, and finding how matters stood went in pursuit of the young roughs, whom he came up with after a run of about a mile. He attempted to arrest one of the youths, when he was assailed with sticks and brickbats, and sustained some nasty, though not serious, wounds on the head. With the assistance of another man who happened to come up he succeeded in lodging one of the men, named Henry Dawson, in the watchhouse. Dawson was brought up at the City Police Court this morning, and remanded for a week, before the expiration of which time the police hope to capture the remainder of the gang. The charge preferred against the miner John Wearne, of having committed an indecent assault on a young woman named Mary Ann Wilcocks, at Happy Valley, on the 31st ult., has been settled by the marriage of the parties concerned. The weather to-day has been oppressively hot, and several bushfires are raging in the district surrounding the city. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] A fire occurred to-night in a fancy goods shop kept by Miss Emma Pallett, in the Bath- buildings, Mitchell-street. The flames were soon got under, but considerable domage was caused by the water. The stock was insured for £250 in the Norwich Union Insurance Company. 