NOTES BY A TRAVELLER. No. II— ALBANY ROAD. From the General Post Office the road is very passable for the time of year; from thence to the Upper Canning, beyond the bridge, it is very boggy occasionally. I noticed between the 4th and 6th mile very large heaps of ironstone, intended, I sup- posed to be broken hv hand, and enrrBi-l on the blocked portion of the road, which here is in very bad repair indeed. This opera- tion of breaking, to say nothing of the carting and a vast amount of spade labor, will come to a great deal more than the cost of carting gravel of first-rate quality to be found close to where it is required, and indeed where is gravel not to be found from Blackboy Swamp to, say, the 17th mile, or within a mile or so of Narrogin — or, say, the Kelmscott church. Besides, gravel would make a much more durable roadway, and the stuff is much easier to effect repairs with, when necessary. Beyond Narrogin there are several patches of newly-formed road which may honestly be characterised as excellent; this section has been known in times past as most execrable, indeed in comparable for badness with any track of a given length on the Albany or any other public road in the colony — shadows of the 19th to 21st ten years ago ! I may say that the road continues fairly good till you get to the 90th mile post, where you see the first specimen of Mr. Higman's work. Here you find bogs to your heart's content. It must be confessed that the road is well — probably scientifically — formed; I don't know, but by those who know all about road- making, and have been up to the business for fifty years, explained to me that Mr. Higinan, ignorant altogether of our systems, neglected, to have his metal and top- dressings as the new work proceeded, say ing, ' Let it alone, and it will be solid before next season.' Old hands don't agree with this dictoin, and regard this new fangled arrangement of scientific road making simple madness, and Governor Ord's action throughout as sheer madness and an insult to every said 'old hand' of forty nine to fifty years' standing, who happens to 'know all about it.' It so happens that I don't know anything much about it, and leave it with others to decide. Seriously, however, knowing something of woodwork, as I do, it is only fair t' Mr. Higman to say that several newly-made culverte I saw are exceedingly well put together and do that gentleman very great credit. Speaking generally of the Albany Road, to an extent of two-thirds of its length, at least, it is in very passable order, but I must take excep- tion t/- f.h*» Arthur Rri-lm» and an nld fniirwt or two, which should be replaced with the shortest delay possible — especially ia the case of the bridge, whose bearers appeared to be decayed throughout. Williams is a thriving little hamlet, situate at the 99-100th mile. The principal landholders in the neighborhood are Messrs. Chas. Hamersley and Stephen Monger ; the township iteelf covering a space of not more than six acres. A great mistake was made in not keeping open a fax larger area for selection by per sons intending to become permanent settlers; consequently, under these circumstances, it is simply an impossibility for anything approaching a town ever to form ' round the bridge.' For this we have only the Govern- ment to thank ; as Mr, Monger and others have offered to dispose of land to extend the townsite, but with the only response that only acre for acre, or something of that sort, could be given. Williamsburg, some nine miles farther up — a place that only exists in imagination— is never likely to grow into a settlement; in other words, where the Williams is there it will remain, and no other building sites are likely for many years to form near it, unless Govern- ment are liberal in exebansrin with private holders, and thus get back i'or selection strips of land here and there and putting it up at auction in building lote, as elsewhere. Cornwall's hotel is a very comfortable look- ing, well-kept establishment, and the same gentleman's store and mill over the way (the latter rented from Mr. S. Monger) gives one the idea that a good deal of business is done ia this place. In line with the hotel stands a new store, built by Mr. Charles Piesse, who is obtaining a considerable connection in the district as a good business follow, and seems to thoroughly understand the people and their requirements. Several new cottages, a couple of blacksmiths' shops, and there is little more to be seen of the Williams on the north side of the river. Crossing the river, you come to a pile of buildings of considerable pretensions. This pile consists of the Police Station and officers' quarters, the Post and Telegraph Offices, and Court-house, &c.; The Resident Magistrate (Dr. Bosseiloty) seems to enjoy a wide and favorable reputation both as the Resident and ia every prominent social position ; the Postmaster (Mr. F. H. Piesse), the officer in charge of police, and other public officials, one and all, seem to secure the entire confidence and respect of every- body. Hotel accommodation is certainly good — better in some respects than it is in many country places, and everyone seemed kind and obliging. Mr. Chas. Hamersley, one of the most wealthy and influenial settlers, resides on his magnificent estate, about a couple of miles up the river ; the Rev. Joseph Withers, the Church of England clergyman, just arrived in the district, has located himself in a new and commodious establishment, about five miles off. Dr. Bosselloty has now permanently located himself ia a central position, having purchased the small farm belonging to the late Dr. Growse's estate; it's a neat property, but the approach to it (let us say, the house) — well, that isn't a neat climb, I should imagine, on a dark 'night. Upon the whole the people seemed to be sober, contented, and industrious ; others are not contented with any place they come to — each one looking through his own glasses. Here's an instance ; A traveller from Perth to Albany — it may have been Mr. Parsons, of whom we beard something not long ago — arrived at Cornwall's hotel on a Sunday morning-, and although made as comfortable as possible, he persistently complained of everything but himself. Everything was bad, the very worst — the accommodation at the hotel, the cold, the colony — everything, as I have said. What would such a mortal say to living in London, where — say in Hyde Park — for quite two months in the year the temperature on the glass is sel dom above freezing point? I confess, though, that there are seasons when it is cold here, as well as hot ; in December of last year, at Northampton, the thermometer read at £30 deg.; last month, at the Bannister, the glass stood at 29 deg. The gentleman referred to found not many listeners. It happened to be a Sunday morning, and there were a good many people about ; he- received ao blessings, and — passed on, vowing he would never return to W.A. To his observation about the cold weather, a bystander was heard to remark, ' I'd like to see you beating back a bushfire in February, over rough country, no boots or hat on, no water, a short bough, and no means of getting another.' At Spratt's "Mount Pleasant" Inn, at the 125-mile, you can feel quite as much at home as in a truer sense you could do at an old English hostelry. The landlord and his sister have established a widespread reputation for their anxiety for seeing you made comfort- able. Everything about the place seems to enliven one; the thoroughly rural aspect that greets your eye at every quarter, with the extensive and varied range of landscape, makes one linger, and one feels sorry at having to quit such a lovely scene. At sixty miles from the Williams and thirty five from Spratt's you come to Kojonup — one of the first permanent settlements formed on this line. It has a very compact appearance, there are several well-formed streets, the land is good, albeit there is a good deal of poison growing on the rocky rises running here and there, and many head of stock are occasionally lost in consequence of its presence. This is amongst the chief drawbacks of this locality. The district has seen its vicissi- tudes ; but one thing is to be said, greatly in its favor I think — a very large proportion of its 'old settlers ' have stuck to it, and I don't know that they have done the worse for acting upon this decision. Many of the farmers are military pensioners. Among- them I found Sergeant Robt. Loton, whose name will be well and favorably re membered as that of an active officer under the late Mr, Loton at the Mount Eliza Convict Depot. Sergt. Loton, although I well advanced in years, has a good deal of i activity in him yet, is chairman of the Roads Board, and is very generally respect ed ; while his vrife acts as postmistress of the district. Here I found two hotels, both well conducted apparently, and managed by Mr. Larson and Mr. Hale. The town proper possesses only a very few houses. There are the Post and Telegraph Offices, a store or two, and tbe Police Station. The Resident Magistrate (Dr. Eosselloty) holds court at the police-office, but generally there is not much for him to do. One of the principal farms I saw near Kojonup was that of Mr. Thomas Chipper ; but the land is all well adapted for agricultural purposes, and yields good crops where care is taken. The rainfall in this part of the colony, un fortunately, notwithstanding the high eleva tion, is 6earcelv ever sufficient even in a moderately wet season ; and tbe result is ©bvions — the country oannot carry stock without tbe expense of water lifting. In deed, from the Williams upwards to Kojonup, including the Beaufort, Arthur, Bannister, Hotham, and the intervening tributaries, run only after very heavy and I continuous rains. The remedy for the shortness of tbe supply of water on this fine j strip of country is, what the Inquirer has 6O I many times pointed out — the construction I of tanks and dams. Social matters are not I altogether disregarded, but very much more I might be done, and with great advantage, ' towards the moral and social improvement : of the inhabitants. At the Williams I 1 found no place of worship of any sort, no public library or reading-room ; only | recently Mr. Withers, as^ zealous as ever in 1 his ministerial labors, established a branch I of the Teniperauoe Society, and I hear the ; rev. gentleman now proposes to obtain a j dispensation for opening a lodge of Good 1 Templars. You will not be surprised to I hoar that 5fr. WkIi--i-.- is active in jetting about all over tht district, and thai lie is popular with every, .no. He holds two services here each Sunday ; and in his absence he has at- rM^.-i wi-fh Ur. 1 ;-'-=?- ?!- \oty to officiate. 1 fi-,4 'Jta.- ! };:-*-. -.;i!ll'--1 to mention two oth- ; .?._-: U-iuios »c come to on the road — that kept by Mr. J. J. Smith, at the 47-mile, and Mr. Thomas Pollard's, at the 57-mile— at both which we found very good accommodation indeed. The line would be very much improved for travelling if the Roads Boards weald have the thick brushwood cut down and removed from the track, which would render tie line clearer and lighter, and certainly less dreary. Good roads, let me say as an old traveller, are of very great consideration. The Albany Road, from the Canning to Kojonup at least, might be made second to none in the colony. By care and attention its upkeep might be less than even that of the Newcastle .Road, from the fact that good materials for the purpose are to be found within a chain distance from the line anywhere. 