FARMERS' MUTUAL ASSOCIATION. ADELAIDE BRANCH. At the monthly meeting of the Adelaide branch of the Farmers' Mutual Association, held at Penn Chambers on Wednesday, June 8, a letter was read from Mr. W. L. Harvey, of SalisbDry, describing an effective and simple method of ridding aeed-wheat of drakes, eraoked wheat, Jte. The process is as follows:—" Take as ordinary winnowing-macbine, and having removed the hopper sieves, taue the paint of the machine on blocks eaf twelve or fiftsan inehea high, just sufficient to give the screen in theordmary w?y, or if very dirty it should be supplied by means of a tin dish, so as not to ran on to the screen too fast while the wheat (or other grain) is running on to the screen. A person should be at the back of the machine and tap the screen rapidly with his hands, so as to keep it vibrating. Of coarse the harder and quicker the screen it tapped the quicker the wheat ruTu dowa. This is a mest excel lent plan, and the dirtiest samples will come out as clean as possible. I ran through two bags of white Tuscan wheat last week is less than an hour, and from them I took over a busbel of drake and cracked wheat, and the cample came out perfectly clean. The advan tage of this plan is that every fanner has a winnower, and he can clean his seed-wheat without going to any further expense." A vote of thanks was aooorded to Mr. Harvey for the information he had afforded. Sir. s. V. Pun then read the fol lowing paper on "The Minor Product* of the Farm:"—"l have preferred thi* sub ject for discussion at oar meeting to-day, inasmuch v it strikes home to the very centre of the question deeply affecting the interests of the eommunitiy in general—as to the possibility of Booth Australia main taining her eminent position as the granary of the southern hemisphere. History, as the common axiom goes,' repeat* itself;" and ap plying this motto to the Canning community of the day, we justly aak, «How long, a* the present rate of exhaustive spoliation of the land, will it take to reduce the fertile plains of the North into the worn-out and abandoned homesteads of the Sonth?' In solving this prob'em ki as take as our fiat premises the olden days of Mount Barker,Stratbalbyn, and Wi'ilcDsa. What haa^ickeoed these lands of their fertility and left them now a prey to the ravishment of every class of noziout weeds? No; the fair demand sipon them in the well regulated production of wheat, bat the nejlecs of dVeper tillage and change of crop. Had tbtse old homesteads, small as they were thought, been portioned off into a coune of I agriculture which would tuve prohibited the ! eiiccefeicjml cropping of the same paddock for ! rui.« than three consecutive seer jns f I affirm without fear of < latradicSou thit these districts , cou'.u have srH-1 bean m to speak the grand- Jnlhtis of agriculture, tbe U'gration north ?rj-.l being but the offspring of these yeomen 1 sires who, educated to a comprehensive system of (arm t-ounomy, and aided by fuuds from the fsiiiiiy chest, would have laid oat a similar *)tieoiatio arraugemeotof their holdings, which in it* turn coald aid further extension upon an f Skylit and prosperous footing. Here I know I shsli be met with the remonstrant*, that in tbe (lavs when there southern and south-eastern farms were in tbeir prime no other crop would hare paid the producer, from the net that oar population was small and **"> require ment* of oar coitomers upon the Victoria goldfn-Ids and tbe old eetUement of New Sooth Wales indicated litUe eke that would be renmentiTc. This Imm wining to admit, and I regret having alluded to these distorts if I were not actuated by a deep aenea of the importance of using them as my QUutration of the probability of our drifting into a similar con ditioD, unless active amd peremptory atops are aot taken to arrest car ruiuoos tendency. Ad- Bitting that the «tt atttters wan juscmad in tbeWins<tofinanage??«4>t ■ havtmganenansjeai market to supply, whose ooasomers ware so prececupied by the an-ebeording thirst and in satiable raaiaaiisiiig of every guOy and hill for the discovery and proeantka of gold, now tbe tables an yearly taming •gainst us. The manifest change in tbe occupation of the other colonUta. even at this abort interval, has creased our wealthy and liberal customers into com petitors in the few surrounding remunerative market*, or upon the more precarious one ut fcurope. Look around at the present thae upon the enormous stocks of wheat heaped to the ckie* at every important emtre of produce in the North. Look at tbe ISUjOOO tons of wlieat king id similar aecamolatioa throughout victoria. Let these evoke tbe practical solution of our subject and aak how have we misused oar virgin soil, to the disparagement in value of ear own hereditary staple export*. We have piled up to ourselves a tower of amsarketable produce at the cost upon the producing powers of our farms, which, if kmg-oontinued, will lead to utfer abendeu went of our homes, without the compensating facilities of fresh selections, which are at present aiding iv this sickctrirg laud-greed and hastes on the ultimate cesaaison from cereal produc tion. Ut these enormous trophies of ill rcquiud labor and brain-power apeak oat boldly when we can still S«d foods to fallow the co.iretley indicate, and tbe present stagnant umr! el lor wheat may be a wholesome and re imirvrative leatou tout. " Luuk at them! and let us ask ourselves—Bid we <-ver ;ee etocka of wool standing thus iv «or nmrketr.'a'ta crying out like the Cheap Imtk. of tbt fair—* Who will carry un away if we give jou tnourv to do it?' bid yout.-eraee sttveks *>f eareaMia of sheep, ctttle, or pigs trying out iv our market-places far a bid-1 Aud then I thiik «<■ rray ffitly kJ.lreas ourwjlvea to the <lisca«sioi! whether these products could not profitably come within tlra eeope of ■ the minor industries of tbe farm,' which hive hitherto been almost entirely neglected. W«t all admit one fixed rule in trade, that a dearth creates a demand. What if one-half the quantity of our harwft Ii?.l fallen to our lot tuts year, is it not I c^b'e that by tbe requirement of less labor in tbe spring an<l haulage, these two items cated wcuM have been a greater pra?t actually tlian the balance to out credit ur^ss present account sales. Then, admitting this, it mutt be celf-apparent that half the land under tillage, >lev«ted to other pursuits, woul.l have secured ns a more active market for one commodity (wheat), whilst tho labor and tbe laud, wbieb have been occupied in pro ducing this very baneful saperabund&aoe;, eoulJ tave been devoted to other culture itself, let us hope returning a profit, or under any circum stances resuscitating and renoratiog the soil for another yeu'e production of wheat. •* No doubt -the tarmera have labored under great disadvantage in the waut of an open market for their wheat, which the woolgrower and sheepfariuer gonetally does uot. experience. It teems an anomaly to me that no commercial organisation has been put into form to provide this great deficiency. Why a fanner cannot treat his wheat in tbe same manner as he does his wool, and seek an opeu market in theoeutte of the merchants as tie does for bis wool, is an absurdity which if Bfanply ridiculous. The oon eeqnence has been he haa taken up a position with his wheat be would not tolerate for bis wool, and has stultiued his own advancement by presuming that he ma in possession of as good information as to the home marketa m the merchant who makes it his daily study and calculation. He has been entrapped, so to speak, by offers of temporary accommodation from tile wheat store, who, backed by the mer chant in the city, has often a tacit agreement with tbe farmer that he is to have the first offer when sold. The farmer forgets that bis market is limited within the period of the harvests of California, Kussio, and England, and that if be does not make a prompt sale at fair prices when the crop is reaped he will be tbe loser, and not the merchant. Toe merchant lives by hh proSt, aad it matters not a fraction whether he buys wheat at 3s. or Sa. a bushel so long *b he can secure freights for his suipi and a profit upon his purchases. Aud what has been the experience ? Those farmers this season who were in many cases forced by stress of circo?Mtaacm to sell their wheat at the com mencement of tbe season have made tbe highest prices of tbe eeason. and have been pat into good positions by tbe f ore* of circumstances. Whereas, many who wore indfptmdfwt «f im mediate claims were led into the fake position now inevitable through tiie very man who tbey Btbink had been tteir best friends. The f brought about by this systemrepreaonte something Uke,lbdieve, la. edabasbei. Looking, as I have, throughout tiiese reports and productions ef 1878-9, it would have been better for the country bad the farmer* been compelled to sell in January than to have been allured into tbeir present false position by those wbo, by paltry temporary advances, have bow tiie whole market in their bands, and wbo, through the false interference ef the banls at a juncture wben tbe ***^>** ought to have some consideration shown him, are now «r«npi?in«f; tbe total ascrinne of the market to draw in the advances whichbave been mainlyinstrumentalin putting the farmer into this lamentable predica ment. If tbis effect is traced out to the entire cause it will be seen tbat the very merchant* whom the farmer thought be was evading accepts the aid tendered by tbe wheat-buying agent are these who now hold the position of tbe farmer in the boUow of tbeir bands. They now actually command tbe monopoly of the market, "Uh^vgh I am assured tiie shipping tradeof the province has equally suffered by this false state of things. Had we an open Corn Exchange similar to that of Mark-lane in London, or Fenwick-street in Liverpool, both the producers and tbe shippers would be able to meet on an equality. A shipper would then have before him at a glance the whole market of tbe colony, and buy suck panels as would be forward for delivery within the time required for his shipments, and tiie farmer would then be bound to complete tiie transaction according to rumple within the allotted time. He could still if necessary, obtain temporary aid for his harvest operations aa readily as at present, and even more so, as there would be some better prospects of im mediate settlements instead of tbe present pro* tracted dealings through tiie local storekeeper and wheat-baying agents. Under any circum stancei, it were better for tiie farmer and com munity if he most store his wheat that he should ship it immediately after harvest, draw ing against tiie bills of lading, as be could sub cequently sell it afloat as readily as he can at tbe local store. "At the latest alteration of the land laws tbe advocates of tiie I,OCO-acre blocks made great capital out of tbe necessity of farmers having their small flocks of sheep; and in my jndgment tbey were thus advocating the best interest of the colony. Bat how have the farmers availed themselves of it. Taking 1871-1878 as tbe great epoch of land aliena tion, we find that whilst the acreage for the period intervening up to 1878 in creased at the rate of from 400,009 to 800,000 acres per aunom, nakiag a total increase during tbe ten years of 4417.630 acres of alienated land, tiie increase of aheap stock was only 1^879,612 over tbe number depastured at the period wben the millions of acres since j alienated were mere sheep runs, and when tba rapid settlement of the Northern Areas was in its infancy. More tban tins, tbe relative feeding capabilities of tbe land alienated up to 1869 was very nearly equal to nine sheep to twelve acres, j prcdneing at a fur estimate of 7§ lbs. at 7d. per \ Ib. in the grene, an export of wool valued at | £068.350; whilst tbe relative increase of export attbeemdof ten years upon the wool grown in ' boodreds and counties only shows an increase of about £40,000 per annum. Whereas, allow ing the carrying capabilities to remain equal, bad tbe juror see of abeep been equivalent to tbe increase of tbe land alienated, < tbe export from this source should have iucrraaed to the extent of £d 76,095; or, in other words, tbe export of wool born the districts occupied by farmers should this year Lave produced £1,701,406. exceeding tiie value of tbe breadstuff* exported by £90,000, or more tban half tbe export of tbe whole shipment of ! wcol, which necessarily now include* a Urge quantity from New South Wales and portion* of Victoria accessible to the river trade. Tbis frotcr in our experts is equal to the difference through the want of such anivenully marketable exports, we are Buffering under. But if added taibire forcible prufs of neglect in this one staple prciuct, we were to estimate tits carry ing powers of small farm holdings increased through tbe facilities of fencing and greater watering facilities than at the period when tbe same area produced as much wool under the tquatting owpation, I think, if only from tbe tttndioiat of the pctduetion of wool, I have adduced stuple proof tbat this industry hai ben neglected by tbe farmers, m spite of tbeir pro testations (bat bad tbey soore land this would beoueof tbeir cbiaf aonrcesof income. 'Before leaving this important subject lam prepared to admit that one chief drawback to the farmer keeping man aheap is the wretebed ?nd paltry femes in variably assorted to. The pretext being the Cmt eaarait> of timber far few^ I know is oae almost incontestable. But have tom ever attempted to go oat of the old fashioned po*t*ad-wire school far s remedy? Any w taavnlling «■* Northern line of nil mart have notbed nmt wj iadfcterant bat also nt very ejfajlant mm past and wire fcneiaf. inflated ma England, for parts of the lisa not potts woaid be expansive. The con sanction «f tfab sort of fence b tott simple, and where ao few hones or cattle an used as on Uie generality of farme.tb*detrii?ent to this fence is aot ao treat m where it la to be used on mixed itM of cattle and ebeep. Them are no doubt assay foundries «ad ironwuAerg who would he «lad to give an estimate,lf thbdais of fencing ehoold, ai it most erentaaUr, come largely intense; but in tee event of having to bspertit, I have bean informed on thebast authority that tt can te laid down in thU coloey, sad men (applied to erect it-eight vrirairaei?C-antitvJylaiabprootai abort 15^ per chain. Here, then, fa a sbeep- ptool, flr? praor, and ant-proof fence, eteeted at lon oast than the wretched two-niig anil a inal s mile fence, wbicb co eoonnanly prevsuaamonxst farms, a wwataot seooee of bad tzimod&ip; betwran neighbor*, and a direct obstacle to intrant sheep or piss loose on the farm. One, v o, w&icli; deftet all these raokeriog a&noyanoes;, and cnaons yon the fall beneSt of your land under fallow or after harvesting your crop. Having suggested this remedy fee one of the chief bbKtaetes against thtcpfaitniog on a small scale, 1 will now address myself to one or two crop, eonueeted with sheep-growing, which will lam tun be worthy your careful attention. 7«ka rape, for iosuooe. Say yoa have your farm divided into no-acre blocks, even snp po?iDg mmm toad embraced b qnttennraited fur cultivation. Whilst the onltivatable bind has hem yielding ita «rop the waste patches have bad a rest, and ate growing good grass for after v. a <,wben the stock are turned in upou tae kiabbie. Say you fallow now Bovriog nothing—will it not pay yoa Jbettcr ob that fallow to grow a crop of rape or a crop of common turnip, and when green and in full luxuriance turn yonr sheep upon it to eat it up? Bapeeo«a*ra off will give yoa a second crop it judiciously managed; and every day yon have the sheep u[Ot? it feeding upon thu valu able plant their droppings are enriched by this food in a very large extent, and then next year you wiU And your fallow will yield you by the additional manure of the sheep and the change of crop, and the fertilising effect of that change, as ranch as GOO acres scratched overia the psesent style. If for rape, you substitute smgtnun, planters' friend, or maise.and eat these dawn, allowing a second growth, yon will. I an smre, hare cause to see that the soil you are now tsaiius; the very life's blood ont of v a grateful servant, and will tor your jadkous care reward you by a longer ' tenure of service than erar now may be antici pated. Bib grass again nu; be aaednponsneh land as you wish to follow, if yon can spare it to lie for swoor three years, and in any ordinary climate with the commonest care I will under take to assure yonof a paten of green feed for jonr stock when everything else is parched and crumbling under the summer sun. It will spring into life and revive with the slightest moisture. And even sown with an ordinary crop of wheat it will be a good green picking among the stubble. If it came up a strong crop it might be allowed to remain for two years, but being a very cheap seedand very prolific it ie the easiest plant a farmer can grow. Cocksfoot grass also is a very hardy plant, and will take readily in the stony patches of the section which cannot be brought into cultivation, besides manyothere.sachasmillet.andmustard, and 10-week maize, which, however, would re quire a separate paper to place before yoa in their proper aspects of utility. These remarks must only be taken as incidental to the subject of ebeepgrowine, which has unwittingly engrossed more of my space than I had at first intended. But in spite of incurring your disapproval of tediousness, I cannot leave this branch of my subject without especially addressing those farmers occupying the old farms in the north east and couth end south-east. Many of these farms are held under lease from the South Aus tralian Company, who have held out consider able ioduaemente to their tenants to encourage the culture of English grasses. Owing to the peculiar adaptability of their land and climate to the growth of permanent English grasses, I would urge them to abandon this wretched wheat and bay culture, and by means of per manent grasses become one of the sources of door with me?t and butter. The culture of grasses after the first outlay is not only bound to be remunerative, but it involves little of that annnaloutiay of wages In culture imperativ?upon an annual crop, and may be more easily accom plished tlian at first glanoe, owing to the billy nature of the country might be contemplated. If the old Kentish turn-wrist plough and six good-stanch bnltccks will not knock overalarge area in one season, I shall admit lam deceived in my own experience. And even in places where a plough cannot go I have produced ex cellent crops of cocksfoot and rib grass by breakisg over the land systematically with vine prong-fork hoes, sowing the seed on the land before being chopped over. If immediately after a bushfire, while the ashes are in a state ol powder, one nun were to sow over them a quantity of these mixtures of grasses I will pro mise bun an astonishing crop, if allowed to mature before feeding it off. I have also sue* Deeded admirably in the etoniert patches on my section, to produce a heavy sward of grass, by folding say 200 or 800 sheep in rope-net yards, and sowing down the grass at aQ seasons of the year for t£e sheep to trample under, andleavd to the first autumn rains to germinate. " I next desire to elicit discussion upon the great neglect of tiie dairy and dairy cattle. How is it with all our increased 'alienation of land, and the consequently increased facilities for increasing dairies, wb actually are importing same £4,000 worth of butter instead of being able to export. India and the Oape are eom paritively insatiable markets for this product, and yet infinite of these ad vantages wenot only are compelled to import, but I believe lam safely state the average price of this article per pound for the last two or three yean has never bean under one shOliDg, or more. Nor can I compli ment our farmers upon their dairy stock. They are, without exception, so far behind the Victorian dairies as to induce the belief that much of our scarcity in this artkleof buttermay be attributable to the hungry, disoontsd, mon grel stock you invariably meet with at most farms. They have been running through a oourse of inbreeding and indifference to the change of blood which nothing but very radical and systematic alterations will compensate. I am open to admit that my paper would be complete surlpusage were I not fully aware of the scarcity of proper dairy food which at any rate prevails in the Horthcin homesteads* "Here,again,the use of the plants suggested for the food of the sheep might, by leaving them to grow to maturity, provide ample and succu lent food for the cow and the calf. To these we may with iudicious attention add mangold wurzel, beet, and carrots, which cress in Victoria are rapidly on the increase, ana which therefore account for that colony supplying us last year with over 800,000 lbs. of butter, valued at £7,254, and the enormous quantity of 008,851 Ibt. of cheese, valued at £34^83. Really our blood fairly curdles with shame to think that with an enormous tract of country, figurativel v speaking equal in itself to the whole colony of Victoria, including the whole of the South, the whole of Hount Barker district, Gnmeracha, South Bhine, Mount Pleasant, and then bearing northward to Belalie, Bandaleer, Crystal Brook. Beautiful Valley, Laura, and many other localities, inferior in no sense to the dairying localities of Victoria, and all eminentjy adapted for any class of rotation fanning, we should have to send away £30/300 per annum for two of the commonest products of any well regulated farm. Beverting again to my remarks upon the dairy stock, I may, I trust, be allowed to introduce here another product of the farm, which is essentially the pabulum of the calf, and that is linseed. A stinted calf is, in my tpin^i, mfnA naponsibZe for a huncry and fll-conditioned maturer animal ■ Much as I would deprecate the iniquitous prac tice followed on many milk dairies of n£ the calf on the bead to procure tie full .supply of milk for imr?cfli«l-« AawnmnA^ J consider that preferable to dragging the miserable " pot bellied" poddies up to a miserable maturi-y— boms standing at right angles from its head, a coat like a retriever, and a vagabond crusader through every conceivable gap in a fence in search of somrirtiirig to ?atiate.it? craving appetite. To all this the cultivation of a few acres of flax or linseed would effect a complete revolution. I have tried H on many occasions myself, and am convicted of its thorough practicability. All I can say is toy it this year, and give the assoeia t ion the entire beoefitof yourezperience, whether succef fful or otherwise. Hake a pint of linseed night and morning, boiled to the consistency of glue, and mix it with two quarts of lukewarm akhnnulk,and jou will,lam sure, be nstisfipfl with tbe result. The calf so reared wiH de velop quicker than the one fed solely on milk —tbe manure from it will be twice as fertile as that of tbe other. Having proved it upon the calf you wOl try it upon your bones by satu rating the common hay with which you feed them daily with a thin liquid of the moeilage. Bvcry straw of indifferent bay will be eaten greedily—and jour bones' coats become aleak and glossy.-their general appearance greatly improved, and their power of enduraaee in crcaaed—whilst the manure of their stable will contain greater fertilising quaUtif s than tbe ordinary one of bran and chaff fed horse). Having inflanri yon to cultivate a few acres far •hew minor pwpeses with this saarvellous plant, I may confidently believe yon will have such ample proof of the capability of all yon farms to produce linseed that yoa will under take its growth on a much extended nalefrom one jear to another. We must all deeply deplore die action taken a few years mot to stamp out the cultivation of flax in tbe neighborhood of WiDnnga and Qawler. Most of ns n-wistnhu the promise of suooc* which ushered in this new enterprise, and I should n«tbetraetomyownconv?9tionsor to these whom I tben urged to go into this in dustry if I did not give tin crop a prominent place ancejgst the minor mdustoies of tbe fans. So convinced am I that if you will give it a fair trial merely as focd for your calves and horses that yen wffi t* induced from tbe general re sult, allowing for many failures, to place it eventually upon the list of one Of the chief exports c* the eotoniy. If this could tj aeoom pMcd I do not so sauoh press forefuH utiu" satko of tbe whote product, inctadiag the straw; sufficient to grow for the seed alone, either £or export or conversion into oil and oil caka in tbe colony, and we will leave tbe straw to atatrt a "«?*'?t for itself. But if my still san guine wishes for tbe recultivatiau of this crop may shortly be realised, I predict such a con tinuous flow of industry from this one product as cannot fall to any other crop, uxoepting perhaps wool and cotton, the latter, of course, being outside our power to produce except in tbe Noi there Territory. Many other produc tions I would have wished to embrace wit kill tbe limits of this paper; but, to do tuem the justice they deserve, would involve too great a stress upon your present attention. If I am permitted on another occasion to address you, I shall be proud to continue these remarks. Bat from my extensive experience among farmers, I do not opine much practical result from any such papers unless freedom of eorrespondenee is liberally isnited. I found this imperative when closely winer.tfd with tbe movement, supported by tbe Government, when advocating the first culture of flax, and I beg to assure the associa tion that any questions upon the topics now touched upon, or upon which it may be my pri vilege hereafter to address you. ahaO have the fullest attention if communicated through the secretary of this branch or otherwise. Anil with this conviotian strongly imbued by the last ten or twelve yeara'corperieoee in the ad vosacy of improved agriculture or manufacture, I may be permitted to suggest that nothing practical will reiutt from these discussions unless the ex periences of those who adopt the suggestions can be recorded in aeete concise form. I trust as our branch advances in th« frequent advocacy of such matters we may be able, either as a branch or through the central committee, to compile some concise register of operations which may be easily filled up and classified at our branches. I have upon this point for many years held the opinion that a thoroughly practical farmer, with intelligence to impart instruction, going round allotted districts distributing the seeds of tbe crops leeommended, advising with the farmers on the spot as to the best soil and situation for tbe crop, and afterwards returning and reporting upon their successes or failures, would do no more—under the old proverb of an ounce of practice being worth a pound of theory —to establish many useful but neglected pro ducts than piles of essays, however carefully they may be compiled or truthful they may be in their arguments. As an illustration of my argument I may mention that many farmers to whom I have recommended the use of the commonest plants, such as planter's friend sorghum, and even rib grass, whilst pleading entire ignorance of the seed or its culture, have gladly—l might almost say greedily—jumped at my promise to send them a few pounds for an experiment, and have thanked me most heartily for the slight assistance thus afforded. I am thoroughly convinced of this fact—that our farmers are only too glad to try any crop which might promise them a change, or something to release them from this con tinuous wheat production. If the instructor I have indicated could be provided bj allowing him an opportunity to travel in the other oolonies occasionally I feel oenvinoed the minor products of the farm would soon be transposed, and what is now the major product of the farm and spoliator of its fertility would be reduced in ares,, augmented in bulk, and would have to give greater place to wed, meat, batter, and cheese, to the salvation of the ItrtUit? of the soil and the enrichment of the present hard* worked, ill-paid sinew of the colony. 3 An interesting discussion ensued upon the paper, and it was ad journed, on the motion of Mr.T.AnuHSOK.ILF. The proceedings dostd with a sordid vote of thanks to Mr.S. V.Pkey^ 