FABMEES' ASSOCIATION. ADELAIDE BRANCH. The ordinary monthly meeting was neld at the Exchange, Pirie-street, on 'Wednesday. Mr. F. Krichauff, M.P., occupied the chair. A circular havicc been received from Mr. O. S. Bartleet with regard to the formation of depots of grain at the principal ports and the shipment of wheat to England, it was resolved after discussion to refer the matter for con sideration to a sub-oommittee, consisting of Messrs. Pizey, Atkinson, Hogarth, and Htrvey. Mr. Pisej's recent paper on the 'Minor Industrie* of the Farm' was next dweossed. Mr. T. Atxhtsos, ME, said that he did not share the common fear as to the exhaustion of the land in the southern portion of the colony. In his neighbourhood people were now reverting to the old practice of combined farming and grazing. They now ran sheep, in many instances with the most advantageous results, and they produced a considerable amount of wocA and beef. (Hear, hear.) He regretted that more attention was not paid, especially in the settled districts, to dairy farming. (Hear bear.) Flax might also be cultivated in many places with great pro&t;, though the difficulty in procuring cheap labour stood to some extent in the way. The Hon. T. Hogabth could never under stand how it was that the idea got about that the land in the Adelaide District was being worked ont. He thought anybody who had even heen ten years in tbe coIodj must admit that in the same district ten blades at least now grew for one that grew in the year 1S70 ; and if they went further back to thirty years ago they woald recollect that whole districts which were row under profitable cultivation were then in the condition of burnt clay. As to the question of rust in wheat, he felt that it waa rather the fault of the seed than of the Ian3. As an illustration he cited the cue of potatoes, which were now set nearly »o good in Scotland and England as they were a tew years ago ; bat he dia cot attribute that deterioration to any f»u!t cf the land ; it waa the bad quality of seedling potatoes. As to manuring land, he thought that the refuse of lsrpe cities might be used moat profitably, but sheep manure was too hot and spoiled the crops. As a j-reventative af rust in wheat, he suggested the use of lime. Tbe CnAiaiiAS suggested that marl might be used with advantage in places where it was available to prevent rust. As to dairy-farming, be feared that the heat and the scarcity of water in the northern districts would make it im possible to carry ob dairy-farming there ; but in the southern and better-watered districts it might be doiie, especially if large cheese factories were established. He described the practice with regard to the management of dairy farms in Sehleswig-Holstein. He thought that more attention might be devoted to wattle»growing, which had proved very remunerative on some land in which he was interested in the Bugle Kanges. ; ? Mr. T. Atkinsos, M.P., entirely differed from rhe Hon. T. Hognr;h as to the undesirability of using sheep manure. Speaking for his own dis trict, he could say that his experience w.ig entirely different. Perhaps the results might be quite opposite iu the North. Mr. Bvesaei', referring to what had been said about dairy-farmisg, believed thit cleanli ness would be promoted by using enamelled tins for dairy purposes. (Hear, hear.) They were now procurable in Adelaide. Mr. Hahvey said be hoped that Mr. Piz;y'a paper had been studied by every farmer iu the colony. Be would like to say that in his opiiiicn lucerne wes more profitable to grow than ribbed graw, which would not stau.l nibbling unless grown very thick. Dairj fanuing could only be carried on in a cool climate, aud with plenty of water. His ex perience mt favourable to the use of sheep oa farms. Mr. PiztT, in reply, said that he considered the chief valne cf papers r«'ad before the Asso ciation was that they elicited discussion, and they were able to get the practical experience of farmers in dinerent districts as to the results elicited by various methods of farming. (Hear, hear.) He did not think it had Oeen dispiovtd that there was a tendency to working out in the southern districts, but his paper had tended to show that if the methods of farming, not only advocated, but practised by the Hon. Mr. Hogarth, had been universally followed there weald have been little necessity for com plaints about working-out. He strongly advo cated the sowing or ribbed grass after bush'fires, which he had tried himself with success. Sheep folding also in stony places he had found to work very well, m ,the natural grasses soon followed and grew very thickly. Ha was very sorry, indeed, to hear what the Hon. T. Hogarth said about rape seed. It had been grown most profitably in the Mount Gambier district as an article of commerce, and for fallowing-down it was most valuable. As to dairy produce, he thought Mr. Harvey had struck the key-note. He believed the secret of the success that had attended dairy- farming in the other colonies was the formation of regular cheese factories. (B'mr, hear.) He did not eee why that should not be done here. 