BEGA. ( From our Correspondent .) Timely ram has set in, buBhfires arc extinguished, and the burned hills are looking beautiful and [green, and though the district is overstocked, good feed may now be expected for winter. During the late dry weather a groat deal of sickness and many deaths among children have been the sad consequence, but it is hoped the present change will purify the atmosphere. St. Patbick s New Ciiubch. — 1 am sorry to state that no progress has been made in this building since the completion of tho foundation, about twelve months ago. Tenders were reeoived but not accepted, owing to the dull times, and further action was postponed to some indefinite future. If ten years arc allowed to pass the same difficulty may appear, and it is to be regretted that some action is not taken to collect funds and make the work easier. I cannot see why the Catholics of Boga cannot build a church as well as the other towns of less prosperity. C. R. C. School.—This school has a large at- tendance, and should certainly have a pupil teacher. I understand application has been made for one, but the Council is very slow, probably waiting for the fulfilment of the " 26th clause." The Public school here, having only about twice the attendance, has four teachers. Candelo District. — Candelo town is about twelve miles from Bega, situated on the banks of a running stream between two hills. The Catholic church is built of stone on a nice eminence over looking the town. There is one school (Public), of which about half tho attendance are Catholics. This district is to be divided into a separate mission from Bega and S understand. Father Hewitt is to have charge of it. The Catholics there are rejoiced to have a resident priest amongst them, as he will then be able to sec to the instruction of their children more than waa possible for any one priest, however zealous, who has ]. ad so many places to attend before the districts were divided. Municipality. — The last contest for local government was lost, but I hear the next effort will be very determined. However, our main streets are now undergoing the repair they should have got twelve months ago. The superinten dent, Mr. Magner, seems to be very active, and for the short time he is here we can see great improvement. Irish Famine. — In compliance with a requisi tion, signed by Messrs. J. Darcy, M. J. Pcden, J.P.'s, and others, the Police Magistrate con vened a public meeting in the court-house, and £85 was collected at once, and about the same amount during the week. It is expected that £200 will be made up. Messrs. R. Ritchie, J.P., and C. J. O'Connor, as treasurer and secretary, exert, ed themselves very much in furthering this charitable cause. Public Buildings. — The court-house and gaol are being enlarged, and when finished will improve that part of tho street, but the gaol-_)ard is miserably small, the result of having given a piece of the land for the post-office. Mail Coach. — A. daily coach is now running through to Goulburn, and as the roads are fair, and charges moderate, persons in quest of beautiful scenery would be well rewarded by a trip to Bega. 