GOULBURN POLICE COURT. FRIDAY, MARCH 12. Bsveone the police.magistrate and Mr. Shopheord. One woman for being drunk was foined 20/. or seven days' imprisonment. William Powell (on romand) was charged with horse.stealing. Willinam Lewis deposed: I am a stolk-keeper residing at Baunaby; I bought a horse from Philip Ianley on the 18th January last; it was a dark.-bay horse with black points, branded 3 over 4 ; I gave £2 10/- for it; I gavo the horso to the polico on tihe l4thii March; the horse outs;ido the court is the horseo in question. Philip Inloey ideposied: I know the prisoner; I bought a horse from him on the 1th Jauanry at thel Edinburgh Castle ; the horeo outsido the court is tis one referred to; I gaveR £2 for it; I sold thei horse to tile laslt witneso ; the prisoner was sobte:r \wheoa he sold the horse ; I nloverl saw the prisoner bliefore. 'To tihe prisoner: You did not tell no that the horse lied Ioeen away a long time fromii you. Poter O'Conuor deposed : I was in compalny withl the Inst witness lwhen hle bought tihe horso in question from thlleli prisoner. To the prisosur: You wore sober when you cold the heors ; you saild " the loso ls beonll .away ii long time fromn me." ': Mr. Conlolly lhere took his scat on the bonoh. Having beon cautioned, the prisoner was askeld if hlo hald anything to ray. Prisoner replied " I am guilty of disposing of the horse ; but I thought it was say own, as it had bLeui away froii Ilio for somo mLonithli." The lprisonor was comiimitted to take his triol at tile circuit court to be hold ill Goulburn oni the 7th April sioxt. (ieerge Sibblild er ws ihIIrgei' with esaeilrting Jamun(! IBeattis oni tihe 7th instant. ?hr'. Gannon for defeondant. Caso dismissed. Mr. Slophelrd left the biunch. Hercules O'Keofeo was charged, on romand, by Isaao Shopherd with rescuing mneat distrainod on for rent. Tie defendant failed to ippuear, and the case was procoeded with ex parts. IMr. helttls for complainant. Isaao Sllphlerd deposed: The document produced is a warrant to distrain signed by moe ; tile amoulnlt ill it (£10) was duo ine for rent by JercIIles O'Keefo. Hlery llor wiit deposed: The ildocumont producedc 'was giv?n to see by Mir. Shlsplluerd, nlli ii vsirtuo theoreof I mndo a levy on IlIerculc O'Keofo;lo I ;served hiii with a copy, land inado an iventolry of tihe property I had lovids uspon and fixed it to the )ie.i mioes; amongst the prolperty leviild onl there was a carcans of beeoof and foulr nllshp ; I remainedllotl about the promises all that night; O'Kloeeo know quito wvell tlhat I had oeiod tihe meat ; noxt morning O'Koofo canmo out about the break of day; hle said " lhe had coome to tloe the! mnoat;" I said "you oanllnot taklie it;" he had e t a n o tei o tlds with him ; he paid "?'ho would take the meat away, as it would spoil;" I told hiln it would be at his own risk if he did; I frequently cautioned him not to take the meat; ho said he did not care a d . he would have it; I did all I could to prevent him; without neusing vio loenoo; he ultimately took the moat away. The magistrato stated that as this was a very serious offence, the defendant would be convicted ex pertle, and sentenoced to one month's imprison ment without the option of a fine. Thomas Sharp, on remand, was charged on suspi cion with being of unsound mind. Dr. Carroll deposed to the prisoner being of un sound mind, and stated that he would be benefited by being put under restraint. James Lawliss stated that the prisoner had been in jail for some time, and his conduct had been very violent. Remanded for further medical evidence. JohnI Lamb was charged with a breach of- the Tenoniments Act, by retaining possossion of certain premises after havipg redsived notice to quit;.: Mr. Davidson for:complainaut. Henry Baxter deposed: I amn owner of the pro. party referred to? , -tho houso was lot to the dofcndant's wife;o' sh ~ gave tile name of Westherry, and said her husband was an engine-drivor;. I gave them notice to lIeoveo_ ontho lst of. March; at the end of thie week dfeondaut vas'still in oeupation. Aln order was madg 2to givo up possession, the order to lio in thi ofio seven days., i : .~ Mrs. Lang wabi larged with threatening toe kill Elizaboth Cuiras. T?he defenidant was ordered to filnd one surety of £10 or co to jail for seven days. Edivard 8edgwiok was charged iditl?being drunkl and disorderly. - Pleaded not guilty. M r. Gannoi for dsfendant. SConstable Coohlrano deposed:. On Sunday morn. ing bets'oon twelve and one o'clook I' heard tohe do. fondant and threeoo men singing and being disorderly in Auburnl.strect; I caUtioned them; they went up Clifford-street and made a stand; they said, " if the b? -- come up thie way we'll makeim it lihot for them ; they'll find se ivorsre than thl Kollies;" defendant was theo worse of drink. ' To fMr, Gannon: I have known thile defendant for some time; ]know he is a respootablo man, and I was surprised at his conduct,; beforo we arrested tho man he was oseo of 'a crowtd Who were making a noise. Cetontable Dru monndeolposed to the conduct of thile defendaut and otheris as stated' by the previous ,witnessn '''')"" ;, To ?Mr. Gaunon : 'Tho defendant was not sober; I first saw him in Auburn-streeot at the foot of Montgao.estroeot; we did not follow him; I could not swear as to who madd use of the bad languago,. but the defendant was one of tlihem;.' :. : "The samd dfendant wasv'charged with inciting a person to resist a constable.' S' oitatblo Coohlrano deposed: On Siuday night in Oliffordl-stret'Coustablo Drummond and I arrested a man; while 'he was in custody thile defendant and anolther mani rushed bhakl and used threatening language to'mo;rohe 'sidj "I know'you, Coolirano, let the man go;" li .said to tile other man, "don't go near him, he will hit you with thile darlies ;" the defondant and thB othlier man danced rounod us, and we had to let the prisoner go; we wore afraid of our lives. To Msr. Gannon: We wore alnost afraid of our lives; D)rummond had his handcuffs in hIis hand; I will swear he did not knock a man down with them. Constable Drummond deposed: On Monday morning we arrested a man nameid Mc Guire for beaing disorderly; the defendant and another conamo back and thllreatoned us and we had to lot the prisoner go. To MIr. Gaounn: I did not strike Mc Guire with the Ihaundcuiol; the defendant said "lot him go, Cochraneo," and " look out, he will hit you with tilhe lhandouIss ; " that was all. This chargeo was dismissed, as the ovidenoo was nlot conclnuive. In tl first caso Mr. Gannon, for the dofonoo, called witnosses as to the good ciaraeter of the defendant. William lnoe Guiro deposed: Tihe defendant was not drcli: ; we had done nothling to cause any dis turbancos; I was hanidcued ly the police; the police subsequoently lot me go and I was struck on the ears with thie constablo's haunduffs. Joeriph byan doplosed : On Monday morning the police Isad some disturbanco with us ; I was sober; I sawr one of the constables strike lMc Guiro with his lhandclsi ; one of us was in custody; I do not ]mokw why lie was takeno in custody, John Grace deposed to the defendant and others being sober. Robort Steel deposed to seeooing the defendant and others in the Royal Hotel; they were sober. Mr. Gannon having addressed the bench on behalf of tihe defendant, Time magistrateos found the defendant guilty and fined hnim 20/- or oseven days in jail. Mr. Gtianon gave notice of appeal. William Mc (auiro for assaultillg the police was fined 10/, and for being drunk and disorderly 20/- or sneen dlays. ,Josepih lynn for assaulting the police was fined 20/, and for using obscono lainguage 10/- or seven days. Tile evidence in the cases of Mice Ouire and Ryan was similar to that given in the case against e8odgwick. Mr. Ouinon appeared for the defendants. Tho fines in each ease wore paid, ToE SNoi FAnsClsco MAIL arrived at Auokland on Thursday. Aceor.neT.-On Thursday evening about six o'clock an naccident similar to that which befol Mr. Davies soleo months ago occurred to a settler namnod Edward Hiues, residing near Jordan's Crossing. It eaoms Hiics was at work at the saw-mills crcoting a iniw. lshod over the lsitm-ongin, and had occasion to sdouro tbo oied of a reoe and to do so stooped down q tiq it under a saw.-benllOh whor a ciroular saw was running. In rising from doing so, the saw caught his loft hand, oevering thros of his pilgers and wounding thle forth. Drs. Morton and Gentle were tolographloed to, and they met Hines at the Goiburn railswasy- station nd dressed ths wounds, and early yoetorday morning they anmputated tihe four fingers, placiog their patient under cliloroform. The operation was successfully perfonrmed, and ac ordiog to our latest infornmation IIines is going on well. Wnl:rsii.-- ,Iu'uiAL, I.tI'nsOsI:rn IrST SoCneIY.-ThIo usual weekly meetin wans hold oni Weodnesday evening inl the selihoohron, presided over by the 11ev. F. Tait There was an munsr ually largo attend. once of llmembers, an(d s00no t\wenty visitors, princi. pally ladies, worol present. The liusinoes of the eveni.ng wao readings and recitations, which, afteor some minir iolmatters hod boo displosL'd of, wore pro ceeded with. The first on tl(e list wasl a recitation by MIr. A. Lnoo, No RSeots in HleIovaeu. Mr. F. For nor thlel rendodcred MIark Alntony's Oration over Or:esar's body; Mr. Cllhambers gave thile Ministering Anghl; and Mr. Fry cRVO Ie.rnardo and Alfonso. l'i0ea-lihlh, wero giveon ly Mr. F. RIward and MIr. P . Laine, the fornor givilng thie I1ypocrito ad tihe lIlltter the Sacrilogionas G-?meohers. Thlere woro soveral othlico prepnred to read and reouito, but thloere was lnoct timo to hoiar them. Critieisms of a profitablo charactgr followedll the rondering of oeach piece. The ,busincss lo1 noIXt evening lhavinig Ieeon announcei d to be radii ?'aild recitations from the works of Elizca Cook, the meeting trniinalelll. TIiwolrI:orv.--.l tljeetratoi of O.W. Lindon a single molelting will ies held inll the court.lhonus, Goulburn, on th? lost Aprril.-Bmllalndere--Jalos Josephl Parker of biydndy, late of Wagga, truceling agent. Linabili. tioes, £82 2/; assets,, £10. MI'. Lyons, ollicial asiglnooe. --Johllll ,amlcln arnet of Xollng, contlractor. Liablilitieson, £.147 7/0; llnets, £227 15/6. Mr. Sanudiuman, oliieil IassliglLo. YAnn..--On Wlllednesdaly evening a public mIoeting wtas held iin Yass and resolutions passed and a dleputation alppointedl to urglo thile constrntionl of a tralmway to tlhat town. Imnmediatcly afterwards anollther plnhille meoting wvai 11oll to urge on thlo govermnlllont tile colversionll into a Ibarrel.drain of thle litch inowI runninllg along the main siroot. T'le QIlFANIIFyAN MeeIIaONIOm ' INSiITulTI (eaIy' tihlo Age) is closedl, the landlord having distrained ron thle goodi inld clhattlels for unpaid lreolt. Accror:s r T'o hI. Tw;.Y or'e C.rse.-At thile Yans pelie court lnlt woel:, boforeo tllhe police.mllgisttrate anlld Mr. lHall, Williaml Me Cling 1rod Joelnllh 0hlaw woleo lros?clltecd llllundelr Il Carclss Uro of 1,ir.o Act. ''lie ovilonce, lwhichll in lllujoilnedl, lliroloscd a casualty altogelther Ibeyonld Iumn aidl to provent :-JoIhn liollhardll O'Lclry ldepolled:l InIl a llollntled conaltllo 0,tahllnedl at Yals; I irecollct goinlg to Warco Plat on 2l-d Follrulary; I reoalhloedl tlhere il til evollillngabolut llf-lpllst eight; 1 law a blsl-l.flre thereO; the doflond ltu!l wolre thlro; thlerl wero eight or nine acren of grass illd thro-e.quartelors of a miile of log foncing burllt; a sllveyor's tenlt and tarpaulllin wore also nrlnt; I hald a conversation with MInOlulng; Iralled im how t(ho llre started; ho s?aid it startld from their tire, through a whirlwind going through it; he told me that all their property, tent, &c.;, had boeen burnt; his watch and clothing were also destroyed; they saved Mr. Twynam's tent; defendants were in Mr. Twynam's employ; they said they hlad done all they could to keep the fire from spreading. To Mr. Icoton: Mr. Twynanm was at "Waroo; McClung showed mne their fire; it was between two tracks; the firo was got under when I got there; they told me they were camped there waiting for hMr. Twynam, who was in Gonlburn; the day had beeoon very windy, -John Brassil deposed: I am a farmer and grazier residing near Waroo; I recollect 23rd February last; I was at Waroo on that day; I saw a bush-fire there at about half-past twelvo o'clock; I wont to the fire and saw defendants ondeavouring to get it under; a tent was there when I went up ; I behliove there had been two tents; I askeld how it happened; they said a whirlwind had scattered their camp.fire.-The bench dismissed the case.-OCourier. Ac OacomAreoN SRavEoc, the exact date of whieh is not yet fixed, will be hold at St, John's Church, Wagga, bIy the Bishop of Goulburn, in April. Mr. Julinus Sott will, upon this occasion, present himself for admission into holy orders.n-Wagga Express. The woman Hennessy, whol was shot by her hue. band on Saturday last at Stepnoy, South Australia, is still in a precarious condition. Honnessy was brought up at the police-court and remanded for a week, Subscriptions are being raised in aid of the relief of the distress in Newcastle by meoans of travelling and instrumental nmusicians, who are making houseo to-house visitations. It is reportoed that good prospects have boon got at MIathlieson's old load, within one mile of Forbos. Two hundred sheep died at Booborwio, Adelaide, on Saturday last, from eating a poisonous plant. The now court.hlouse at Urana was formally opened by the police-magistrate of Wagga on Mondidy. A disastrons fire brolkeo out at two o'clock on Fri. day morning on the farm of John Kurtz, near Miudgeo. A thousand bushlels of wheat and several tons of hay, and a shed were totally destroyed, The loss is £400. The fire is supposed to be the work of an incandiary. A splendid copper.lode has boonl found at Cow Flat, Bathlurst distriot, five feet wide thirty feeot from the surface., It is oxpocted to yield fifteen or sixteoon per cenut. of coppor. - ., James Carmcs and William Connuors, wlo escaped from the Casino lockup on the: 21st nltimo, were re; |caetured twentyi.six miles from Grafton on Saturday last. , '. , , . , , : ? A man has been arrested at Goolwa (S8. A.) on suspioion of beiing Edwaiv rd Kelly, in consequence of his likenbss to the bushranger. . " , Five garottor' received the lash in Melbourne gaol on Monday. A TiF-'.Ls oTroEcsIn INcVonANT. - It' ie' uni versally believed in Switzerland that the popular national tonic "Bosoo dos Alpes," or " Dew of the Alps," lengthens the lives of those who use it habitually. Certainly a moro pleasant way of nac complishing this desirable object could not be cone. coiveod, for of all the cordials we have ever tasted, "Dew of thie Alps " is the moset agrocable and re fresling. That it invigorates the digestion, creates appetite, increases mnuscular vigour, and protects the body against unwhlolesoeno atmospheric influences, is not to beo denied. In tlhis regard the oxperionoe of our own people confirms the statements of the Swiss themselves, and hence it is in great request, not only in all our towns and cities, but in the pas toral districts and at the mines. Messrs. Moss and Co. of Sydney have conferred a great benefit on Austtralia by introducing It.--Avvx. 