The Advertiser SATURDAY, JULY 24, 1880. The Hon. A. Hay's motion for an address to His Excellency the Governor for an ex-<*> amination of the country on the Torrens, Onkaparinga, and Sturt rivers with a view of selecting a site for a large reservoir at such a level as to supply water to the town ships situated at the foot of the hills north* east, and south- east of Adelaide, that can not be supplied from the Tborndon Park Park and Hope Valley Reservoirs, was negatived, as our readers are aware. The motion included some other conditions which are not material to the consideration of the main question raised in it. That question was substantially whether, with a large range of bills skirting Adelaide nd its suburbs from east to south east, with a large catchment area for water and numerous natural water courses, it ia desirable to revert to tbe Sy.tem of pumping water to meet difficulties and i_convt'inenc-- which press upon the buburban population now, and which must increase as tbe population of those suburbs expands. The general scheme of hydraulic engineering through which the presen: urban and suburban supply is effected, i. that of constant supply at high pressure. In other words it is the graviteti __- system, which, although in many cases costly at first, is in the enl, where a large population has to be supplied, the moet simple, the most complete, and the most economical. In every case in Great Eritain where engineers can apply the gravitation system to the wants of populous places they almost invariably avail themselves of it, irrespec tive of cost; for when once the work is done, it is done, speaking within human limits, for ever. The first waterworks in this colony, undertaken for the supply of the city, comprised a weir some fourteen feet ah ova the bed of the Torrens, at the Gorge, and one storage reservoir of twenty-six acres and a half in extent, which holds about 140,000,000 gallons. The basis of popula tion was 20,000, and the quantity 20 gallons per head per diem. This would have afforded about a year's supply, without trenching upon the flow of the Torrens. Since that time the population has doubled, and the suburban population has grown so much that with the city it includes quite 80,000 souls. The supply thus, if it depended on the one reservoir, would be equal to 87 days only at 20 gallons per head This would be inclusive of all that would be wanted for railway service, breweries and manufactories generally. To provide for the deficency caused by the increase of population tho Hope Valley Reservoir waa constructed. It entailed a considerable loss of pressure, and it thus became necessary to raise the weir. Before the new works were un dertaken a main 21. inches in diameter led the water from the Torrens Gorge into the veservolr at Thorndon Park, but there was a connection between the 18-inch supply main and the 21-inch main outside the reservoir, so that water could be supplied direct from the weir if any emer gency arose to require it, or without inter fering with tiie supply to the reservoir in any material degree water could be furnished to townships near the hills where the elevation was high. About eight feet of pressure was available in this way. The construc tion of the Hone Valley Reservoir put an end to this; the pipes were pulled up the connection between the 21-inch main and the 18-inch main destroyed, and the materials were used in connecting the new reservoir with the old one. From thos. reservoirs comes the whole supply of water for Adelaide and the suburbs to which mains have been laid. There are important townships near Ade laide upon too high a level to be supplied from our reservoirs, and if they could have been supplied from the weir this could otdy have been done at so great a cost that it would have been out of the question to undertake such works, regard being had to the revenue they would produce. The question then arose whether other reser voirs should be constructed in some of the gullies in these ranges down which at times a large quantity of water rushes, the greater part of it going to waste. Mr* Oswald Brown reports that for a township and neighborhood with such a population as there is about Glen Osmond it is far cheaper to resort to the pumping system. Regard must be had to circumstances. It is perfectly true that the gravitation system is more scientific, satisfactory, and cheaper in the long run, where the demand for watei is large aud growing; but the Hydraulic Engineer must consider the con ditions of the case with which he has to deal. He would not recommend an expen [ diture of £250,000 tq supply Modbury or the North-Eastern model farm. It is worthy of consideration, however, whether it is not desirable to make a more thorough examination of the Mount Lofty range to ascertain conclusively whether something could not be done to utilise the large pro portion of water that Howe down the hill sides and {'passes through the ravines, but is now lost, and benefits neither the householder, the gardener, nor the farmer, When Lieutenant-Colonel Sankey, K.E. reported upon the Adelaide water supply in 1871 he pointed out that it would be possible to impound 5,000 million gallons of the water which falls on the catchment area which is drained by the Torrens and the Sixth Creek. Of this enormous amount of water more than four-fifths are allowed to run to waste. If, however, as Colonel Saukey suggests, 3,000 millions of gallons would be a safe amount to rely upon, there is still an absolute loss of more than two thirds of what could be saved if efficient means were applied. These remarks relate only to the water which flows through the gorge of the Torrens. Passing south-east until the Stuxt is reached there are at least 50 square miles of hilly country drained by various well-known creeks, some of which it seems probable might be made use of to supply places in their vicinity with water by the force of gravity alone. It is only in exceptional cases generally, such as we have indicated, that pumping is advisable. The cases of London, Odessa, and Berlin were quoted by the Chief Secretary to prove that a pumping system is preferable generally as being more economical than the gravita tion system, but pumping is resorted to in aU of those cities, because the nature of the surrounding country does not admit of anything else. As far as London is concerned the water supply question has occupied the attention of the Imperial Parliament in various shapes ever since the year 1850. Inquiries have been held and schemes propounded for the pur poses of securing for the metropolis a supply of cheap and wholesome water at constant service and high pressure, because as this necessary of life waa and is supplied by the different water companies the service is intermittent as to time, insufficient in quantity, dear to the consumer, and bad in quality. As the beat remedy for existing evils, it is proposed to bring water from the Severn in Gloucestershire across the whole country from west to east, so as to supply London on the gravi tating principle. The cost of this scheme will amount to many millions, and its adoption is a question of time only] and r.ot a very long time, when the wants of four millions of souls are in question. To secure similar advantages Glasgow sacri t'ced its pumping systems and has become connected with Loch Lomond, in Scotland, and the Queen opened tbe works in person. Everywhere, where it has been practicable and means have been forthcoming, and the demand has justified it, pump ing systems have been swept away in favor of the apparently more costly but in reality more efficient and more economical system of giavitatioo. But while all this is true it is equally certain that foresight and comprehensive ness of system may be carried to an extreme, and that principles which would apply to tiie water supplies of London and Glasgow are not necessarily applicable where the wants of Marryatville and Tea tree Gully are concerned. It is to be hoped tbat experiments will be made on these plains in boring for artesian wells, for suc cess in this direction would be of incalcu lable benefit to districts that cannot easily be connected either with the Torrens supply or with any of those lesser waterworks now projected or lately carried out or |in course of construction. The critical state of the weather in Eng land is exciting alarm amongst farmers and all who are interested inthe future of British agriculture. Owing to the telegrams which we receive several times a week in reference to the doings of the Australian cricketers we are better posted this year than usual in the daily meteorology of Britain, and the burden of these telegrams up to last week has been very much the same. Ground eodden with rain and difficult to play; the game deferred on some days and interrupted on others by continuous downpours or heavy showers, indicate a condition of atmosphere which, in the month of July, when, of all others, sunshine in abundance is needed ta ripen the kindly fruits of the earth, is anything but cheering. In early spring everything seemed favorable and hopes ran high, but as the season advanced the want of rain began to be severely felt. On the great Cockney carnival—the Derby Day—holiday makers were nearly treated to an Austra- lian sensation in the shape of a bush-fire, for the furzes on Epsom Downs got ablaze, and so unusually dry was the ground that the flames were with difficulty extin guished. If the extremely rainy weather which succeeded the drought has been general, and a telegram which we printed on Saturday seems to indicate that it has been, then there is great danger that another late- reaping and damaged crop may be added to the half dozen bad har vests that have preceded it. This period of transition and suspense has been taken advantage of by the well known agriculturist, Mr. Caird, and the equally well- known chemist, Dr. Lyon Playfair—the one in a letter to the Times, and the other in an article in the June number of Fraser's Magazine —to give their view of the general situation, and offer valuable advice to the British farmer. The object of Mr. Caird's letter to the Times is to ahow the pressing need for the "early removal of every impediment which unnecessarily hampers in the competition to which we are now exposed." In nine rears there have been seven defective harvests in England, involving a loss to wheat-growers of more than £20,000,000, and the present depression in agriculture is declared by one so well qualified to judge to be " unparalleled since the repeal of the Corn Laws." Nor if the present style of farming is continued does Mr. Caird see much hopes of prosperity in the future. Competition is extending in area and increasing in intensity. Sta tistics are given as to the progress which has been made in wheat-growing in America —interesting alike to English and Aus tralian readers. The United States, he tells us, have te_. limes more acres under cultivation tb*in the United Kingdom, an 1 grow twice as much corn of all kinds as England and France put together^ their wheat crop in 1878 being 52 million quarters, and their Indian corn 173 millions —a yield capable of feed ing four times their own population. Be sides these immediately available supplies there is an unlimited power of expansion in the States and in Canada. Tracts ol country many times larger than ti_e British Idea await settlement and cultivation, and railways are in progress which will tap this fertile Goshen, and in connection with ocean steamers make its surplus stores readily and speedily available for tiie world's consumption. Not in extent only, bat in natural productiveness also, does thia soil threaten rivalry with England; for he adds '' It is now 22 years since Professor Vo__ cher analysed for me four samples of prairie soils from America, and proved them richer in nitrogen than any of which he could find record."' Nor is it in corn only that Mr. Caird dreads rivalry for the future to the British agriculturist. He finds that in 1879 the imports of animal produce, inclusive of wool, from all foreign countries, exceeded sixty millions sterling, " a sum closely approach ing to the entire land rental of England;" while the importe of corn of all hinds during the lost three years, gave an annual average slightly exceeding sixty millions in value. Here again matters have not reached the worst for the British agricultu rist. In live Btc-k and fresh foreign meat the competition between the foreign and tha home grazier is becoming keener. The cattle imported for slaughter are increasing in number and improving in quality, and wa notice that tiie other week fifty- five head of cattle were shipped from Canada, the average weight of which'was 2,000 lbs. Add to this the importation of frozen meat from Australia, which, in spite of the interested agitation of T_igli_h butchers, is <3?-V^n£r hold of the public taste, and which as the cost of transport is lessened and the risk minimised by scientific and mechanical appliances is sure to assume far larger pro portions, and we find enough ground for Mr. Caird'a conclusion that a current ia setting in " which before it ceases to flow will alter the existing conditions of agricul tural property in Bngland." Dr. Lyon Playfair from his own profes sional standpoint confirms Mr. Caird's con clusion, though bis article in Erato** was penned before that gentleman's letter was printed. Not only does he coincide with the view of the immense productive powers of the western hemisphere as st present de veloped—estimating that producing per acre as it does now, American land could feed 100 millions without difficulty—he is also sure that with more careful farming the land might be made to yield harvests richer certainly by cne-third than it does under existing conditions. In his opinion, too, there must be a change in the style of British farming if a good living is to be got out of the soil. It is more than doubtful whether any lowering of rents or alteration in the tenure and transfer of land will again enable the English fanner to compete successfully with foreign and colonial rivals in the produc tion of wheat and even of meat; and accepting what seems to be tiie inevitable, Mr. Caird wisely says—" We must meet the change by the production of articles which will bear neither long storage nor carriage—milk, fresh butter, early meat, and market gardening.** Aa a matter of fact, the area on which wheat can be grown at a profit in Great Britain is diminishing annually; while as to stock, cattle have de creased in the country since 1876 to the extent of 1,323,000, and sheep to the extent of 7,135,000, which is a sure enough index of bad times. Dr. Playfair, however, reminds us that •* wheat is not the highest representative of cultivation. It is really the pioneer of agriculture," and he too recommends more extensive dairy farming, and the cultivation "of all sorts of vegetables, fruits, and flowers to meet the demands of the cities.'' It is curious to note that so far back aa August last Mr. Gladstone in one of his little speeches to his Hawardea tenantry foresaw this crisis and gave similar advice, we then pointed out that if wheat crops and Ihe breeding of stock failed, greater attention must be paid to "garden and spade cultivation.'' Hia statistics were interesting. He pointed out that of the fruit which could be grown on the land, such as apples and pears, more than a million and a half's worth waa annually imported; of onions four hundred and fourteen thousand pounds' worth; of potatoes considerably more than two millions and a half's worth; of other vegetables three hundred thousand pounds' worth; or, in fact, three million pounds* worth of vegetables imported from abroad which might be grown profit ably at home. For aU these and more the great cities of the empire have an omnivorous maw, and, especially as the abundance of coal makes artificial heating cheap, he agrees with these scientific experts we have quoted in urging the farmers if they would thrive to abandon the stereotyped rules by which they are now so rigidly bound, and adapt themselves more freely to the necessities of the case. All these authorities foresee a great change—that England will more and more assume a mixed pastoral and urban aspect, and more and more depend for her food supplies on her colonists and the foreigner. The value of land may thereby be diminished, but the mode of utilising it will be changed. Large farms with large capital and scientific appliances may be made te pay; amateur farmers who have money to spare will take farms at a good rent and cultivate them, even at a loss, for the residential and other advantages which the land possesses; but the farmer who has to pay rent and make a living must go out of the old groove, and in the future grow something else than ha has fcsen in the habit of growing—that something else being something which __> can place on the market in better condition and cheaper than the foreignercan. Tho tillers of the soil will also have to depend more than they have recently ..one oa personal labeur. Franklin says— "He that by the plough woul<*_ thrive Himself must either hold '_*■ drive." And that lesson embodied in aphorism will be truer still when the spade of the market - gardener, takes the place of the plough. Oi_i 0 f the reasons why the British agricvuturist is falling back in the race is tound in the 60cial changes. •which have taken place in the condition o' his class. Half a century ago the .--farmer's wife ahd daughters made their own butter, if they did not milk their own cows, and the farmer was not above getting* up early, taking a- hand at the ploughing and sowing and lambing and shearing, and selling his own wheat which he had helped to garner and thresh; now the wives and daughters too of ten ape the fine lady, and turn up their noses at the _hum. and the cheese, and the kitchen, and the farmer imitates the pleasure-seeking jnopensities of the squire and the "gentle man fanner." This has co-operated with bad harvests and foreign competition to produce the evil which is now apparent. •^—?*****m—•*•***•**•*********"** i The aspect of affairs in Afghanistan seems _obe somewhat brightening. The Indian -Government have, it is to be presumed from friendly assurances on behalf of Abdurrahaman Khan, become so convinced -of his fidelity to the British that at a -durbar held a few days since the Viceroy in the name of the Imperial Government -acknowledged him as the Ameer of Cabul. The submission of the adherents of Mohammed Jan and of those who still •cling to the lost cause of the late Ameer, Takoob .Khan, to the sovereignty of Ab durrahaman is a propitious omen that his rule will be acknowledged generally by the tribes, The impending attack on Kanda har byAyoub Khan may no doubt for a time delay the pacification of the country, but if Abdurrahaman Khan be but faithful to the promises he presumably has made there is "every reason to believe it will soon be accomplished, and that the British troops" will be enabled to remove from Cabul. Abdurrahman Khan is said to be a man of ability and possessing the power of governing—such a man, in fact, as is wanted to hold the throne of Cabul; -and if his friendship to England be assured, which appears to be the case, there is every prospect .of. the safety of the new frontier of British India which the late war has .secured. The EJ-T.S. Kaiser-i-Hind arrived at -^G-eneig on Friday morning, after a very rapid passage from King 3earge'e Sound, and sailed \- again the aaine day for Melbourne. A private letter received by one of oar Adehi-de merchants states tbat the Orient ■ Steam-hip Company are building ane * ateamer, which is intended to be faster than tbe Orient, for the Australian trade. It ia stated that the new steamer will do tbe passage in thirty days. Ihe. director- of the Holdfast Bay Ball way Company bave given permission to all iiiliiiilenn when in uniform and en duty to travel free on tbeir line; officers firsi-ctais, noa -KH-_nte-tt__ed oSeecs and privates second-class. Tenders-for the foUowing works were opme-lin the Survey Department on Friday:— \- Construction of reservoir at Burelia (six), A. Hunter-- waa the lowest; clearing road Hundreds of Maitiaud aad Cunningham (tea), not declared. The new bridge across the Torrens at Hindmarsh is now fast approaching completion, and part of it was thrown open fox traffic on Friday morning. _i the new structure en croaches on the old bridge it wQI be some little time before the wo>-k is Soished, there being a . luge qoantity of material to remove. The following is Friday morning's weather report en tbe Adelaide and Port ' Darwin Telegraph 'Line:—Port Darwin, calm, \- dear, fine, cool; Southport, Pine Creek, Biver \- Catherine. Alice Springs, and Peake, SJBL, clear, fine; Tarn Creek, Charlotte Waters, S.E., dear, fine,_*-ol; Daly Waters. Powell Creek, Tennaat \- Greek, and Barrow Creek, calm, clear, fine; Stiangarays Springs. N.W.. clear, fine, cool; "_rarii-a and Bettana, 8.W., dear, fine. Major Godwin, tha late Deputy As -nstant Adjutant - General of the Local M_jta_y Force -has presented a award to -be skat fas by those officers who were in the. force when he left the colony. The -Utah wiU be fired at Dry Greek on the taat _____ay in Ahgust, tiie ranges being ntSM, \- 300/ 480, £00, and 600 yards, bring five ahota at each xange. The more experienced ahota will be haadiespped. Offioexs intending to compete are xeijnested to .end in their names to the Deputy Aaaiuteut Adjutant-GeneraL On Friday evening, July 23, a meeting waa Add at the Town HaU, "Part Adelaide, to hear tiie views of the candidates for the seat in the House pf Aaaembly which ia vacant by the resignation Of Mr. W. The cindid-tc. who addressed the meeting were Messrs. Jno. Hart, W.Mattiaacn,and?.Jn___in?. -The Mayor of Port Adelaide, Mr.- T. Hack, oooupied tiie chair. There was a crowded attendance A ahow at hands waa taken and declared, to be in favor of Mr..lar_ Mr. Judkius, who aaid he had been asked tocome forward by eevera. of the ratepayers,-failed to meet with a proposer. The' fortnightly meeting of the board of mu-gethent of the Young Men's Christian Asso \- cation* waa held at the association rooms on ' Thursday afternoon. The following gentlemen were present:—Mr. C.H. Goods, the pretident \- (in tiie chair), the Revs. L. G. Carter, O. Oop _and£ndW.R.-_-4di«,Mea-a.Coaig-ave,-_bw- lett,B-rt,-h_pple I F-e---ng,Searle,andStoak_y, and the secretary. It was reported that the evangelistic committee had taken the Academy -of Music for the Sunday night eerricea from the Ist of August, and their action in the matter waa confirmed. It waa decided that a memorial be p-vw ntod to both Hon__ of Parliament under the corporate seal of the sasoeiation in favor of the compaUory doting of pablic housee on Sunday. The arrangements for Mr. \- Marsh*, reoeption and far tiie meetings to be held during his visit were completed. At a meeting of the Hyntm branch -of the South Australian Farmers' Mutual A-Sociation held on Tuesday, July 20, Meaar J. 3\. Riddoch and J. Thomson were ele-__l ac vie -presidents, and Messrs. Williams and Tbcm-on as auditors. At tbe reque_t of the . president, Mr. H. L. Sprigg, the chair was taken by Mr. Riddoch. Mr. Sprigg read a paper on " "Land reform," for which he was assorted a vote of thinks, and it was decided that tiie paper fhould be published. The twelve ques tions submitted by tbe central association were then considered, and the answers were in favor -of fr-Vnsioa of credit ta selectors, payment of members, reduced railway charge., redaction of • Customs dues, a revenue to be raised from the land instead of through tbe Customs, aad the leaang of lands that have lain open for selection fora'iterm of two years before being offered for aale fcr cash. A namber of members re . gistered tbeir votes for both House, of tbe Legislature through the aectetaiyof the branch. There is now on view at the shop of Messrs'. T. G. Brcwn k Boa. King WRuam \- street, a near invention for the .saving of gas, called " The Albo-carboa Light." The ap paratus, which ia very simple in construction, \- consists of a kind of cup made of metal, about the -Mac of an emu egg mm! .«ty-mf. a geuera tor. This ia filled with albo-carbon, a ptodsc ' tion of coal-tar .penally prepared for the pur pose fay a patent process, e__. is connected with ' the gaapipe by a tube at the bottom. The gas passes through tiie tube, mixes with the vapor -of the albo-oarbon-aud becomes cacburetted. It then deadends byabentpipe, andisootkramedby an cc-ti-pa-ybuix-er in tiie usual way. Tbe albo carbon ia melted by the heat, and produces a vapor, which is taken up by the gas in parsing through the vessel, and causes it to give four tunes the ordinary """.nt of light. The in vention wiU produce from a No. 1 burner a greater and much more steady light than can be obtained from a No. 7 burner. The geawa tors can be fitted to any brackets or chan dd-Crs of tiie ordinary sise. The albo carbon light bss been used in the Royal Aqnarinm, Westminster, and has proved a great success. The following appointments have been approved of by the Minister of Education:— From August I—G. R. Lowe, head teacher, from Yarcowie to Maceleafield; Mary F. Price, head teacher, from Be-aLie East to Yarcowie; Emma BOsie McDougafl, head teacher, fram White Hut to Be-alie East; Abbott G. Shelton, temporary aasistant, to Norwood Model School; Caroline Foster.tempors-y am_r___t,from Kanga roo Flatto Port Augusta. From July I—A Mor rison, to NaiUwurth. From June 7 —John Wachcpe, provisional teacher. Clement's Gap. From August I—_r___._ Millar, proviatonal •jM-^J-Juig-rooFlat; Uria A Ware,prori__?i_ teacher; Keflli. From July s—Helen Lewin, provukwal teacher, St. Mary's. South -road. Frcm Augurt I—Mary H. Bates, provisional teach.'.OurrenoyCreek; Cad Bronner. provi monal teacher, Watrow; Frederick Wilkin?, Brentwood; Annie Burton, Point Malcolm. From September I—Fanny Stuart, Mount Mel ville, from May I—Emma BQis, sewing mis treps, Aiding-. From February I—Jessie Neil | eon, sewing mistress, Narridy. Prom Jane 1— Thomaa HartweU, monitor, Hamley Bridge. From July I—Thomasine Rowe, Ocppe Cross ;- L. milingbeck, Gepps* Gross. From January 1 —Julia G-. Tucker, Glen Osmond. From March I—Mary Kerr, Blyth. Meetings of the Glenelg Board of Advice were held an Wednesday, July 21, and Thurs day, July 22, at G-leoelg and Brighton, with re peat to the attendances of children at Glenelg, Brighton, and Start aohoola and other parts of the district. The object of theae meetinga was to hear from parents reasons why they should not be summoned where they had failed to com ply with the provisions of the Education Acta as regards the attendance of their children at school, and to consider also what steps should be taken by the board. Messrs. B. O. Gwynne, jun- J.P., John Nicholson, R. Allen, jun., and J. Downing, J .P., were present at the Glenelg meeting, and Messrs W. R. Wigley, S___, chairman ot the board, E. C. Gwynne, jun., J.P., J. Nicholson, and J. Down ing, J.P., at Brighton and Start. The superin tendent of school visitoi?, J. H_ Voekins, and the visitor, Mr. T. Robertson, were also present at both meetings. There were twenty-one oases in all, and in many instances it was shown that the parents had exhibited great neglect with regard to the education of tbeir children. In these cases they were severely admonished by the board, and informariou was ordered to be laid against three of the parent, should their children not be at school ou Monday next. Iv one case only was a summons directed to be . taken out at once. The formal opening of the public school, Wistow, took place on Friday, July 16. The inclemency of tbe weather prevented the pro ceedings from being as pleasant as might have been desired. Most of the children were pre sent, aad were supplied with tea and toe fruits •f theaeaaon. There were also about 200 parents and visitors present, who partook of an excellent tea provided in the old schoolroom; after which an adjournment to the new building was made to listen to a lecture, delivered by Mr. Walter Patersun, an "Phrenology as a science" In the absenoe of the Hon. J. G. Ramsay, M.L.C., Mr. R. Hender occupied the chair. Tte lecture was listened to with considerable attention by the audience, who filled the new building. Several apologies were received from various gentlemen wbo would have been present but for business engagements. By some inadvertency Mr. L. W. Stanton, the school inspector of the district, received hia invitation too late for him to bepre aent. After tiie lecture a Bunper waa provided in the old building. The usual votes of thanks and the singing of the National Anthem brought a very plesant evening to a close. Theappearanee and _rtability of the building was much praised. A great deal of credit is due to both the archi tect and contractor. Religious services having been recently established at the Grange township, tea and public meetings were held on Thursday, July 22, in the Orange refreshment-room to celebrate the event. Special poach c. from tiie city£aad Hindmarsb took down a number of visitors, and there was a crowded attendance. Tbe public meeting -waa presided over by Mr. T. B. ______ The prugiC?? report stated that tiie attention of one al the Baptist lay preachers having been called to the spiritual wants of tiie neighbor hood, arrangements were made for commencing meetinga, and the first .was held in a private house en June 13. The effort was so auccas-fol in point of numbers and _e_rti_e*s of feeling that it waa rc_olved to go an, anl the serried had accordingly been continued without break ever since. It had become apparent, however, tbat a public place of worship was needed, some of the meetinga having been inconveniently crowded, snd the question of building had been taken aeriou.lf into consideration. By tbe liberality of the proprietors of the town ship a site had been secu- eda_ngift,audeeveral promises had been made of contributions to the building fund. Plan, were exhibited, the gift of Messrs. Bayer A WithaLt, shoving a building to seat about 3(0 persons. A choir, with Miss Lou-ia Smith as organist, rendered several of Sankey's hymns very pleasingly, and addresses were given by tbe Re; 6. J. MoEaiu. H. Morgan, W.Clare.H. D.Smith,S. Mead. MA- LL.B. and J. Price. During the meeting promises of assistance were taken up, and realised £Sb, which, with tboeepreviously made, gave a total of about £150. The usual vote of thanks to all who had assisted closed the proceeding.. The report and balance-sheet of the South Anatralian Insurance Oompany*{Limited),for the year ended 30th June, 1880, to bs presented at tbe meeting of shareholder, ahow that tiie buai nee cf the company for the year has terminated satisfactorily. In the loan department £106,000 is safely invested at interest at an average *of over 7 per cent. The balance brought forward from tiie previous year waa £23,805 19s. lOd. The receipts for the year and increased value of the property of the company are put down at £13,141 125., te wbich have to be added £3,2tX), estimated receipts not included in the balanoa-abeet, making a total of £46,314 ___-, and with the funds on loan, -£70,15011 a. 10d_ The amount carried to the reaerve fund in August, 1b79, waa £5,000; the twenty-fourth- dividend paid in that amount absorbed £5,000, and a similar amount was paid in dividends in February, 1880. The exoenditnre, inclusive of leases during the year, month to £18,841 3s. 4d. Tbese Bums f*_l £33,-41 3s. 4d-, thus leaving a balance in favor of the company of £36-309 6s. 6d. The board propose to transfer £2,500 from this amount io the reaerve fund, and to increase tiie nominal capital of the company to £1,000,000 by the issue of SOfiOO new -bares, at five .hillings per share paid np, making the paid-up capital £62,500, which with tbe reserve fond make together £100,000. The board will alao recommend the payment of "the usual half-yearly dividend, £5,000, and a bonus, £12,500. which Utter sum may be applied to tbe payment of the five ehi-ling call on the new issue." After these amounts are pud a balance will remain on hand of £16,300 Bs. «d, which will be available to cover unsettled claims and current risks. Tbe case of Charles Stanley, a prisoner in tbe Port Lincoln Gaol, has been brought under the attention of the Government by the Bey. A. Stnbbs, wbo forwarded a petition ad dressed by the prisoner tj the Chief Secretary. On the strength of the n.pre_u___ion. made to tbem the Government have ordered tbe pri soter*. re.ease. His petition reveals a case of most distressing suffering. Stanley states that be was cook to tbe diamond-drill party stationed thirty-five miles north-east of Eucla, and left bie tit-ULtioo through failing health. Hi. wife el__ being in delicate health had written to him to cotue home. Accordingly he left the party on the morning of the 17th of June, and started to walk to Fowlers Bay,a distance of over 200 mitts. The fiist day he walked to the Tanks, about seventeen miles from tiiecamp.aud stayed there all night. On Friday morniog, after walking about ten miles, he found that the water bad nearly all leaked out of his water-bag. The day being a warm one he drank what water there was, aod walked until sundown, when he camped. During tbe night he waa seized with violent : cramps in thebowels and limbs,and next -dom ing felt very bad, but he managed to walk two mUes ______ He.tben fell down and fainted. When he recovered he walked on about a mile, and then fainted. Subsequently he again fainted, and lay on the ground for about two hour., getting continually worse. Stanley was at this time suffering fearfully from thirst, having been over 24 hours without water, and feeling that he would never be able to walk to the Bight he determined to cut the telegraph wire in order by that meins to bring relief. He did ao after some trouble, and was so weakened by tbe effort that he fell to the ground inaenaible. When he came to his mouth was foil of con gealed blood, and blood waa flowing from bis left ear. He crawled to the fire he had made previously, and lay there aU night, his sufferings being intense. Next day at about 4 o'clock be felt a little better, and throwing tbe greater portion of bis clothe, away he succeeded in walking about two nulea along the road. He again fainted, and when he came round crawled on for a short distance,managing to reach come tanks by dark, but was in such a weak state from his long j privations that he fell down insensible before he could get a drink. His tongue was greatly | swollen with tbe thirst. For three days and two nights he had been without water or food. At the tanks Stanley lit a fire and made some tea, and while there Mr. Morris, the linesman from Eucla, with two other men drove up in a buggy. Next day Stanley waa taken in the buggy to the Bight station, where he remained all night. Ab he was ill Mid unable to obtain any medicine, he atarted for Fowler's Bay, with the view of taking the «*V"m"??- from that place to Port Adelaide, but when within about forty miles of his destination he was met by Corporal Richards, of the mounted police, and brought before Mr. Murray, J.P._ at Fowler*. Bay. on a charge of cutting tbe telegraph line. Are : mand of days was granted, and the prisoner was then taken before Mr. Lloyd, JP., and Mr. Murray, J.P. He told the court that he had no malicious intent in cutting tbe wire, and only did ao in order to save his life. One of the persons who found him stated that the prisoner, was very ill at the time, and believed Stanley' would have died unless aome assistance had arrived. The court, according to the state ment of the prisoner in his petition to the Chief Secretary, took no notice of his represen tations, and sentenced him to three months' im prisonment with hard labor. On Friday afternoon, July 23, a meeting of the City Council aaa** oomroittae of the whole " was held in the council chamber. Hia Worship the Mayor (Mr.B.T.Smith,MJE.) wa. in the chair, and all the councillors excepting Coun cillor Brooks were present. The first matter brought forward was that of erecting new city baths. His Worship stated that in accordance with the request of the public works committee he had interviewed tbe Oommisaioner of Public Works, and aa tiie result of that inter view he did not think there would be any difficulty in tiie council obtaining a few acres of land to tiie east of King William road. The Commissioner seemed dipo*ed to favorably recommend the proposal of the couacil for the securing of the few acres that would be required, and he (His Worship) proposed that the council should endeavor to goc their laud as near the City Bridge a. possible, so that they oould have a river fiontago. It would be advis able if possible to work the baths in connection with the dam. The better plan would be for the works committee to inspect th spot proposed, and gain a fair idea of what would suit the intended purpwe. He had had an interview wiib Mr. Brown, the Hydraulic Rugiueer, who, thinn ing it possible that t_e <__>_.__ _cut might undertake the work of erecting b_cUs, bad prepared plans for such a work, and submitted them to the Como-is-it>u_r of Public Works, who had suggested that the matter would have to be dealt with by the corporation. Of course it was distinctly understood that it was impossible for the Government to act in tiie matter. The plans had been placed at the dis posal of the council. These were inspected by the councillors, who at once decided that they were drawn on too large a scale to allow of their being entertained. His Worship said it was just as well that the council should know its ex act financial position. They had already borrowed £49,000, and had decided to ask the citizens for powtr to borrow £15,000 for the construotiou of a dam. In answer to Councillor Claxton, he aaid it was not intended that the Government ahould have the site of the present hath., but be thought it would be advisable for the corpora tion to retain the site, and there form a fish market. (Hear, bear.) He suggested that the ci teens should be asked to extend the borrowing powers of the council to the full limit—£ls,9oo —on the rates and markets, this aum to be ex pended in the erection of the baths aad fish market and other works, and that a special loan of £15,000 for the dam be asked for as weU. After aome discussion it was resolved that a further power of borrowing £15,900 for the erection of baths and a fish market ahould be asked for. As to the question of asphalting. His Worship said that Mr. Willis, who was formerly Mayor of Prahran, had just arrived in the colony, and had consented to attend that meeting to give the committee a great deal of information on the anbject of asphalting, with which he waa thoroughly acquainted. The asphalting was being carried out to a wonderful extent in Victoria; and while Mr. Willis was Mayor of Prahran 600 miles of asphalting had been done. In Melbourne they had taken np tbe flagging in some places and sub-tituted asphalt* which was also being used instead of blue-tone paving. Mr. Willis had said be would be happy to take tiie whole of tbe work of asphalting our footpath, himself. Mr. Willis was here introduced, aud gave a great deal of information as to the extent to which asphalt was being used in Melbourne, the mxie of manufacture, the capacity of the material, and its cost. The asphalt cost the Melbourne Cor poration, which had very extensive machinery and every appliance, about 2s. a yard, and Mr. Willis thought tbat after tbe asphalting systoin had become thoroughly initiated in this colony tbe material could be laid down at a co?t ot" 2s. 6d. or 2.. 9J. a yard. The asphalt wo ill remain intact for about five year, with out repair, and at the end of tha; period it could be repaired so a. to la-: three or four year* longer at a cost of ab. at Id. a ysrd. A vote of thanks was i_a _«j to Mr. Willis, and a committee was appointed to c__ t_d_r the Bpeci___ iois under ?___ i leaders for asphalting could be called. A letter fr.tu Mr. Percy Writs ou the subject of esph< was re feired to this committee. A suggestion of the surveyor aa to narrowing the footpath on the cast side of Hurtle-square, so as to admit of the roadway being widened, was adopted. A meeting of persons favorable to the closing of hotel, on Sunday wai held in the lecture-ball adjoining the Kent Town Wealcyan Church on Friday evening, July 23. There waa a limited attendianoe, only about 30 persons being present. Mr. M. Kingsborongh, wbo oc cupied the chair, said he wan cot a teetotaller, but he was one wbo wished tt preserve the sanctity of tbe Sahbatfa. and be aaw no nooemity for any man tv violate that day by keeping hia place of business open. He believed half the publican, on tbe country were in fay _- of closing their boon* on Sunday and getting a proper amoant of rest, and it behoved all to use their best endeavor, to prevent the tolling of liquor on that day. The Rev. F. Searle moved—"That it haa not been shown that the extension of noun for selling liquor on Sun Jay, as aa provided in the Bill before Parliament, is n-cesKsry." It was necessary to watch oomewbat closely tbe action of our legis lators, and be would tell tbem tbat there bad been no demand made by the country generally far tbe alterations sought to be made in the present Bill. The evil of drunkenness was admitted on all bauds, brewers and publicans included, and many publicans were noxious tbat tbeir hotues should not be opened for a further perioi oo Sunday than tin time now allowed by law. Toere had been talk about "tbe liberty of the subject," and "the poor man', beer," ad nanseum, and he pointed out other, instances in which the libsrty of the subject wa. infringed where no objections had been raised. He hoped that tbe attempt to allow the present law with respect to Sunday trading would most signally fail. Mr. J. D. Bone seconded tbe mc - lotion in warm terms, and, like Mr. Searle. pointed to instant— where the liberty of the subject was infringed by the laws aud wheie no objection was raised. He referred to the teaching of the Bible with regard te tbe Sabbath, and said if tbe sentiments of tbe majority of the people cf thi. co'.ooy were in favor of tbat teaching, aod it was not embodied iv the law., th« n they did uot get full and tb_rrugh represent itiou in the Legislature. It tbe opening of publich___c = on Sunday wi. a great and subs'aiitial oouvetiiecoe to a c.nsUer .". c cumber of people be did not think he would stsnd on tbat platform to oppose it; but ne did not believe it was. It; w_ oily tb__e who went out for jollification on i!iit day who fr.quented the publie-hou'e. Tlte morion wan carried uu_nimou_y. The Rev. .1. G. Wright moved — "That no ge>_ t.* de mand bss been made by tbe pu,_ic fjc tie tifeusion provided in the Pil!, and that the closing of public houses during tiie whole of Bunday would be more in harmony with public aentiment, and more conducive to tbe well-being of the State.*' Ho e__pr____J his entire sympathy with th« motion, aud hia belief, founded on his experience, that nearly every body in the colony would favor the closing of public-houses ou Sunday. He asked if Nock's Act had been a failure wby tiinse inte rested in tbe liquor traffic should condemn it; but he believed it had not been a failure, and in hi. experience there had not been ao much drunkenness since the Act was pasted aa there was before that time. Tue public did not ask for the contemplated altera tion, and many publican, were opp_wcd to it. He wished to see the poor man happy, aad one way to attain that end would b3 to remove the great facilities which now e__isted for obtaining drink. Because one or two person, in a few years bad poi-ooei tbenuelves by taking arsenic that poison oould could not be obtained by a man u_tl___ be had a witnes with him ; and were not tbeytore.triottbe .ale of liquor which had caused thousand, of deaths. He longed to see tbe day when public houses would be closed all diy on Sunday. The Rev. 8. Knight, in seconding the motion, de precated tbe small attendance, and urged that a greater interest ahould be evinced on this mo mentous question by Christian men and women. No demand had been made for the alteration proposed in the new Licensed Victuallers BiU unle-u it were on the part of the manufacturers of liquor, and he was sure if the Bill was carried it would act .very mischievously. They wanted tiie Sabbath to domesticate the people and to Christianise them, and they did not want it marred, mutilated, or interfered with There wore the museums, the libraries, the aweet fields, gardnri., churches, aud homes to afford sources of enjoyment, without people congre gating together in public-houses. A large proportion of the people still believed in the Sabbath, and those wbo did not were inconsistent, as they did not object to laws being cm the Statute Book which restricted Sunday trading in other respects. It was de grading instead of elevating to increase the facilities for getting drink, and the Government in introducing tiie new Bill should have put the law of the land into force, and not have shown themselves adverse to the re-triction. already in force. Node's Act bad only been passed tbree yeara and bad not bad a fair trial, cor had it been strictly administered. Tbe laquor Lews Commission bad auggested that the public-houses ahould be opened one boar an Sunday evenings, bat their other suggestion that the sale of drink should be re stricted for one hoar on week nights bad not been adopted i^ the Government. Three plaoe. —-Port Adelaide, Hmdm-sab, and Moonta—had been polled on the opening of publio-houae. on Sunday, and in each pteoe the majority waa against it; while meetings held in town, at wfaich those on the other side could have taken part, had decided in a similar manner. He advised them all to apeak out at the hustings on this question. After some observations from Mr. Porter the motion waa carried. It wa. de cided that the resolutions signed by the chair man aad tiie speakers ohonld be forwarded as a petition to Parliament. The meeting then closed. A pigeon match is to be shot at the Buck's Head Hotel. Stepney, thia afternoon. The books of words for the St. Peter's Cathedral choir concert are now to be had either at Mr. Woodmau's or Messrs. E. S. Wigg and Son*.. A meeting of persons favorable to the closing of public-hou.es on Sundays ia to be beld in tbe Town Hall, Norwood, this evening. Mr. M. Kingeborough will preside. Mr. Matthew Burnett will bold a meet ing at the Eastern Market at 9 o'clock this morning, and in tbe evening a mass meeting, preceded by a torchlight procession, will take place at Brompton. Should th<: weather prove unfavorable the meeting will be held in the Brompton Wesleyan Bchoolroom. The football matches in connection with the South Australian Football Association which are to be played thi. afternoon are as follows: — Norwood, v. South Adelaides, on the Bast Park Lands; South Park- v. Ports,on the South Park Lands; and Victorians v. Kensingtons, at the foot of Montefiore Hill. The second twenties of the same clubs will play matches. In the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, Mr. Proctor wdl deliver his celebrated lecture, " The Life and Death of a World." This will be the first and only lecture which the eminent astronomer will give at the Port, as oa Tuesday he will start for Mount Gambier en route far Sydney, where he is anrouneed to commence ma lectures on the 16th of August. The Mammoth Minstrels at Garner's Theatre had only a fair house on Friday even ing. The weather was co inclement as to prevent a large attendance. The programme of the previous evening was repeated, Mr. W. Horace Bent reappearing after at brief illness. The fun raged fast and furious, and the audience appeared to be thoroughly enrert-iuei and amused. A change of programme ii aunounced for this evening. The children of the Lower Mitcham Model School, under the direction of .Mr. Muller, the head master, and the as ..tint teachers, gave an entertainment iv the institute, Mitcham, en Thursday evening, July 22. There was a crowded attendance, and. in the absence of Mr. W. Gooch, chairman of the local board of advioe, Mr. George Prince presided. Song. and recitation, were given in a most crcditaole way, tha who'e entertainment proving a marked success. All oonnected ?ith ge.ting it up were, on tbe motion ot Mr. W. TowsmuJ, M.P., se conded by Mr. A. Macgeorge, accorded a hearty vote of thanks. An entertainment was given in the Wes leyan schoolroom, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening, in aid of the Band of Hope new piano fund. There was a moderate attendance. Mr. D. Bower, MP., preside.. The chairman, in introdnring the proceeding*, r<-t.rn?l t> the pleasure to be derived by cal.ii-.iog a taate fcr music, and said if a series of popular con cert, conld be arranged for at Port Adelaide, similar to those recently held In Adelaide, with a tm.II charge few aduiis .ion, be would defray half of the cost. The Key. A. Stuob. gave aL addretK on **The Qaeeu*. Eaglis-i." Song., recitations, fee, were af.erw.irds given, thorn. taking part being Mrs. -loba Beonet., tfrue. Sauuderr, Shorn _r, Banford, anl Oldfi _d; Capt. ilrinsden and Mesar*. Compton. Hall, Sowri.n, J. Varriec. and Omood, and Ma?_er Shoruey. The prolan me prepared for the secon 1 concert of the popular axies.conlu. ted by Mr. George Oughton, which v to be given in the To**n Hall thia evening, i. specially attractive. Mr. W. B. Cbinntr, aho a ill preside at the grand organ, will play the overture to "Semi-amide" and a gracd fantasia on Bellini*-" Norma" The lady vocaliats engaged ate Mia. Minna Fucher (who has recovered from hex rooent indisposi tion) and Mua Playford. A novel feature in the programme will be the performance of _o__e delightful Swedish melodic, by a trio of Swedish gentlemen. Amongst the male vocalist. in addition to Messrs. C. F. Thomson and Trowel I, we notice tiie name, of Herr Rein hold Oilman ( basso) and Mr. Leonard Lees t bari tone), who will make their first baw to a town hall audience. Tbe instrumental numbers iticludo a cornet mlc .nd a conoertrtuck for clarionette. A *>cry large attendance may be ezp-oted. A lecture on the Dominion of Canada ww given in tbe Town Hall oa Friday evening by Mr. Stimson, a resident of Ontario, who is on a visit to South Australia. The lecture was in aid of the fund for the proposed Fine Art Gallery in Adelaide, and Mr. Stimson inten _-, we believe, to deliver it in several of the country town*. Only half of it was given ou Friday, as tiie hour was too far advanoed to allow of it* completion, bnt .ufEcient was said to satisfy tbe audience of the immense resource, of Canada, and the wisdom of fostering a trade between the Dominion acd then colonies, which would be mutually beneficial. Daring the evening Mr. H. Fraser, M.P., recited an extract from Thackeray*, lectures on the "Four Georges." His Excellency tbe Governor pre sided, and Sir Tboa. Elder, Mr. Boss, M.P.. and Mr. We-t-Brskine, MP., occupied seat, on the platform. There waa only a small attendance. Considering the state of the weather, there wa. a very fair attendance at the Academy of Music on Friday evening, on the caution of tbe benefit tendered to Mr. Santly, tbeir basi ness manager, by the members of Hu .tan's Surpriaa Party. The lack of numbers in the audience was, however, well made up by the entbu.i_nxt of these who were present, as .l__.st every number on the programme wa« encored. Among tbe novelties were tl>e tinging in cha racter of Master Sydney Wieland and the violin p'ajirgof bis brother, which were alike loudly applauded. Miss Amy Hortm's serio-comicali tie. ft. -_ii?l evoked rounds of applause, and .be was obliged to «__>__ it to a double euoore. Mi?? V. DeGsy dclighte J the audience with bet violin playing, and her solo, met with a unani mous eucore. Tic singing of Miss Barton, Mr. <;!o.er, and Mi-.* Miv.u met with marked ap proval, and tbe negro _-centric-tits of Mes.rg. j H_d_ou and Wallace excited much merrimeut. The return match a* billiards between .!•_ Yorkshire champion, Mr. Ki.keuuv.aud the local cliampion, Mr. Albers, took place on Fri day night, in tbe billiard saloon of Aldridge'. Globe Hotel. There was a good attendantu of spectator-, and as Mr. Albers won -lie tirst match a few nights ago and received a ?tart of 32$ out of a thousand he vu slightly ths favorite. Mr. Kilkenny's powers as a cueiet, however, were so well-known that bia friends were sanguine he could win if be put bis best energies forward, and a very interesting game ensued, terminating ia Albers*. favor, a. be won with 38 p.iut_ to .pare. Albers played a good and steady game through out, aud bad fully bis shire of luck, while his opponent wa. leu t wtunat. in the ball, break ing. Kilkenny opeued with a break of 71, but toward, the middle of the match he had bid luck; near tbe end he pulled up wonderfully, and had scored nine _p it stokes in _rucce__.on in a break of 43, wheu a miscue destroyed his chance. Alber. got possession our-e more, and finished the game. It is not unlikely that another match will be male for £100 aside, in which Albers will receive 300 instead of 825 point, start. The members of tbe Gesangvereiu Fide b'taa gave a very pleasant eu_ertaiu_ueut to their gentleman t'rieud. on Friday evening, at tbe German Clubhouse, in Piria-strest. A capital programme of music was provided, which was ably carried out under the direction of Herr Otto Stange, the conductor of the society. In the concert the members of the society contributed the choruses "Fuer die Freiheit," Kelm; " Auf den Bergen," Santner; "Der Bapelle," Kreutzer; and the Soldiers' Chorus from "Faust f the quintette "Schlum mire mem leib," Gortner-Scbuk; .and the duet and chorus "The Laurel aud Boie," Grell, all of which were rendered with a pre cision and evenness which reflected credit on their training. Mr. Naylor, who contributed the pretty ballad " Alice,"* and Mr. Niosche, who Bang in capital style Spendler's " Husarenritt," were both in good voioe and warmly applauded. They were also very successful in Benedict's beautiful duet " The moon has raised." The instrumental gem of the evening was Herr Otto Stance's performance of a "Bomanoe" by Beethoven on the pianoforte, whioh be executed with great taste and expression, evoking warm approbation. Mr. li,. Menz also gained much applause by his clever playing on tbe harmo _ ican, and bis yet more clever vocal imitations i of the cornet and violin. 