THE REVENUE RETURNS. THE revenue returns for the year and quar- ter ended 31st December last were pub- lished ia a supplement to the Gazette yesterday evening. There has been an increase both on the year and the quarter, the former being due chiefly to the stamp duties which have contributed about £100,000. The increase for the quarter has been derived principally from the Customs duties amounting to about £60,000, whilst the stamp, tobaoco and beer duties have yielded £64,000. The duty on beer brought in £14,500, and that on tobacco £2,400. The total revenue for the year amounted to £4,705,544, as against £4,413,153 for 1879, being an increase of £292,391. The net revenue for the quarter was £1,251,523, as against £1,059,005 for the corresponding quarter of the previous year, being an increase of £192,518. The total customs receipts for the year 1879 were £1,400,809, and for 1880 £1,370,023 ; for the last quarter they were £361,080, and for the corresponding quarter of 1879 £202,459. In 1879 the excise and inland revenue for the year amounted to £249,149, and in 1880 they amounted to £395,713; and in the last quarter to £119,217, and in the last quarter of the previous year to £55,763. The terri- torial revenue for 1879 was £888,626, and for 1880 £786,941; for the last quarter £160,523, and for the last quarter of 1879 £175,279. The Public Works revenue amounted, in 1879, to £1,396,083, and in 1880, to £1,627,209 ; in the last quarter it amounted to £482,454, as against £415,789 in the cor- responding quarter of 1879. This includes the railway income from the Victorian railway system, and M. and H. B. railway, on the former of which there was an increase of £133,724 for the year, and £59,243 for the quarter; whilst in the latter an increase is shown for the year of £97,560 and for the quarter of £6,386. In the Post and Tele- graph offices, we find there was an increase on postage for the year of £8,557, and for thr quarter of £3,408; anf on the Electric Telegraph of £6,026 for the year, and £1,661 for the quarter. Under the head of " Fees " small increases are shown in some depart- ments, but against the item " All other fees " a decrease is set down of £10,170. Under the head "Miscellaneous" an increase is shown of £20,657 for the year, and £6,992 for the quarter. The returns on the whole, it will be seen, are satisfactory, as they show an improving income. THE QUEEN'S SPEECH.— Amongst the cable news we publish to-day is an outline of the Speech from the Throne, which was prepared for delivery at the opening of the British Parliament which took place yesterday afternoon. The speech after stating that the relations of other countries are of a friendly character states that British authority must be maintained in the Transvaal, and with regard to the Basuto difficulties, it is hoped that by the aid of mediation the hostilities may be closed at an early date. As regards Afghani- stan, Candabar is not to be retained as a British station. The closing paragraph refers to the deplorable difficulty that has arisen in Ireland, and states that it is the intention of the Govern- ment to introduce coercive legislation, and also a bill to deal with the land question. CABLEGRAMS.— Mr. Parnell, it appears, not- withstanding the refusal of his request that the date of the Land League prosecutions should be altered, found himself enabled to at- tend the opening of Parliament, for one of our cable messages states that he arrived in London on Wednesday with the object of being present at the ceremony. Further disturbances of a serious character have taken place in Ireland, chiefly in the county Kerry, and six persons, all members of the Land League, have been arrested at Tralee. Sir Evelyn Wood is about to proceed to the Cape, with the object, it is understood, of endeavoring to bring about a settlement of the difficulties which have led to the hostilities in Basutoland. A serious encounter is reported to have taken place in the County Mayo, near Captain Boy- cott's estate, between the police and a number of tenants and their friends. The crowd at- tempted to prevent the police from serving an ejectment notice on a tenant who had declined to pay his rent, and the police, to disperse the crowd, had eventually to charge them with fixed bayonets. Several persons were wounded, some of them very seriously. BUSHFIRES.— A telegram from Sydney states that the country papers contain accounts of numerous bushfires which have wrought im- mense destruction to property. The particulars telegraphed by Reuter are very meagre, but it is stated that the whole of the Bourke district has been devastated, and on the Lila run an appalling wall of flame, with terrified horsemen and cattle fleeing before it, swept fiercely over the country. SINGING AND DRAWING MASTERS.— We pub- lish elsewhere, from our Melbourne correspon- dent, some information respecting the changes which the Minister of Education has decided upon, in connection with the Educational system of the colony. It will be seen that of the twenty- six singing masters, and thirteen drawing masters, who have heretofore been engaged to instruct the children attending State schools, fifteen of the former and eight of the latter have been dismissed. The reduced singing and drawing masters who have been re- tained in the service, and whose names are given by our correspondent, will act as in- spectors, and it will be a portion of their duty to give instructions in the branches named to those of the school teachers who are not proficient in them, in order that the latter may become qua- lified to teach the children these subjects. The saving in salaries that is expected to be made by this change is £5,000 per annum, but this will, on the first year, be reduced to one-half the amount, as the compensation, which the dis- missed officers are entitled to claim, amounts to £2,500. THE ENGLISH MAIL.— The R.M.S. Hydaspes arrived at Albany yesterday morning. We pub- lish a summary of her news in another part of this issue. DEPUTATIONS.— Now that the holiday season has expired, and business has been resumed in the Government departments, deputations are beginning to look Ministers up again. Yester- day, Mandurang was well to the front, the Com- missioner of Railways having been interviewed in regard to some matters in which the elec- tors of various districts in that constituency are concerned, and the Minister of Lands in regard to another which belonged to his department. Mr. Patterson was asked first to proceed with the construction of the Eaglehawk and Kerang railway as quickly as possible; also to make such provision as would enable the residents of Kilmore to obtain water from the railway tank at that station, and finally to allow the line from Inglewood to East Charlon to deviate as much as possible to the eastward, so that the con- venience of the East Loddon farmers might re- ceive some consideration. In reply to the first matter the Commissioner stated that a survey party had been ordered to commence operations on the line at once. With regard to the water supply at Elmore, an officer would be sent up to report on the matter, and as to the requested deviation in the Charlton line, he promised to visit the locality in company with the Engineer- in-Chief, in order that he might be enabled to judge whether any deviation could be advan- tageously made. The business of the deputation which waited on the Minister of Lands was to protest against Mr. C. B. Fisher being granted a renewal for 1881 of the annual grazing license for a portion of the Gaunawarra run, as the land was required by the selectors for a common. Mr. Richardson said he objected to the granting of commons, and Mr. Fisher's tender was much higher than any of the others that were re- ceived. He would, however, call for fresh tenders for the present year, and the selectors might combine and put in a tender on their own account. LAKE WEEKOONA.— The grounds surround- ing Lake Weeroona are at present as- suming a very dry and parched up aspect, the grass having for the most part vanished, whilst the trees as yet are only apparent, none being yet sufficiently developed to afford any protection to the heat of the sun's rays. The state of the lake itself is such that the attention of the council is demanded. The deposit of silt from the White Hills sluicing claims has assumed such proportions that a considerable area of the lake is filled up, a compact bank having been formed from and around the inlet channel, many yards into the lake. This should receive attention before the lake becomes further silted up. ACCIDENT AT CHARING CROSS.— Yesterday morning, at about eight o'clock, a rather pecu- liar accident occurred at Charing Cross, in con- nection with the work going on there for the new fountain. A drayman had backed his horse and dray to the edge of the excavation which is being made for the basin of the fountain. After standing there a short time the horse suddenly backed, and precipitated the dray and himself into the excavation. He and the dray were quickly extricated, when it was found to the astonishment of those who witnessed the occur- rence that neither the animal nor the dray had suffered any injury. THE OFFICERS OF THE WATER SUPPLY DE- PARTMENT AND THE PUBLIC.— Yesterday in the Eaglehawk Council, Cr. Cook drew the atten- tion of the council to the way in which the water supply officers "skulked about" to see if people were using water to any great extent. A number of these officers were walking about the place endeavouing to detect unoffending people. On detection the offender was compelled to spend about £5 for a water meter, an expendi- ture which only benefited the one that sold the article, as the officers never measured the water by it, but charged the usual rate. The general impression among the councillors was that the officers of the department were somewhat officious in the matter, aud the motion was carried. THE GOLD ROBBERY FROM THE TARARUA.— In this week's Police Gazette it is notified that a free pardon will be extended to any person, not being the principal offender, implicated in the robbery of a box of gold from the Union Steam- ship Company's vessel, the Tararua during the passage between Port Chalmers and New Zealand and Australia in November last, who will give such information as will lead to the apprehension and oonviotion of any one or more offenders. A GRACEFUL COMPLIMENT.— The members of Northcott's Volunteer Band bestowed a most graceful compliment on Miss Pomeroy last even- ing by escorting that accomplished lady from the Royal Princess Theatre to the Shamrock Hotel. On the route the band played the "Star Spangled Banner," and concluded other Ameri- can airs in front of the hotel by the rendition of "God save the Queen." The compliment was alto- gether unexpected. At the termination of the serenade she entertained the members of the baud with champagne. Quite a large crowd collected outside the theatre, and followed the band to the hotel. RIFLE PRACTICE.— The match committee of the Bendigo Rifles held a meeting last evening, when the following arrangements were made for rifle competition in connection with the corps. The shooting members of the corps were divided into first and second classes. A handsome silver medal and two money prizes to be awarded to the three competitors in each class who first made 20 points in a series of handicap matches under the same conditions as the last series. The first competitions of the first-class was fixed for Saturday and Monday, 15th and 17th inst., and that for the second-class on the following Saturday and Monday, 22nd and 24th instant. The distances to be fired at in each class are 200, 500, and 600 yards, and the time of com- mencing 6 a.m. and 2.30 p.m. on each day named. It was also decided that a third, or junior class, should be formed of those members of the corps who have never taken part in first or second-class matches, or have practised in other corps, except for badge firing. That these members should all fire from scratch, and that three money prizes should be awarded to the three competitors making the highest aggregate scores in twelve matches. It was arranged that Sergeant Coyle should receive entries, and that the date of first match and other details should be notified when twelve competitors have entered. LARCENY FROM A SHOP.— An impudent at- tempt at robbery was made in Pall Mall yester- day. A woman named Mary Ashworth called at the establishment of Messrs, Joseph and Co., jewellers, and asked to be shown some articles. She was shown several, and whilst the person attending her was in the act of getting others to place before her, she snatched up a watch and bolted out of the shop. She was overtaken and given into custody on the charge of stealing the watch, which was valued at £4. She will ap- pear before the City Bench this morning. CITY POLICE COURT.— Messrs. Samuel and Harcourt, Js.P., presided on the bench yester- day. One drunkard was fined 5s or the usual alternative. The youth Samuel Horsby charged, with being an idle and disorderly person, was further remanded for a week on the application of the police, in order that an inquiry might be made to have him admitted into the Blind Asylum, as he was suffering from bad eyes. In the case of J. Farrell v. J. McLeod, work and labor £3 3s 9d, an order was made for the amount with 53 costs. One case was struok out as settled, and in the other there was no ap- pearance. The court then adjourned. NEW INSOLVENT.— John Youler of Egerton, farmer. Liabilities, £251 6s ; assets, £343 18s; surplus, £92 12s. Causes — Failure of crops and insufficient capital to carry on busi- ness. Attorney, Mr. Wrixon ; assignee, Mr. Hasker. Meeting under section 53, Wednesday, 19th January, 1881, at 11,30 a. m. HUNTLY POLICE COURT. — At this court yes- terday, before Messrs. Webster, P.M., and Clay, J.P., William Hassell was fined £1, with £2 16s costs, for slaughtering cattle without a license. The case was brought at the instance of C. Busst, inspector of slaughter-houses in the Huntly Sure, and Mr. Rymer appeared for the prosecution. In the case of Hassell v Stott, goods £1 I6s 3d, a verdict was given for the amount with 2s 6d costs. One defendant was fined 2s 6d, with 2s 6d costs, for removing tim- ber off Crown lands without a license. EAGLEHAWK BOROUGH COUNCIL.— Mr. Cook, the newly-elected member of the Eaglehawk Council, took his seat at the Council table at the ordinary meeting held yesterday. After the meeting, an adjournment was made to the Town Hall Hotel, where Mr. Cook's health was pro- posed and drunk with enthusiasm. AN OLD OFFENDER.— The name of an old woman, Elizabeth Denison, is thoroughly familiar in the City Police Court, where she has figured times out of number for insobriety. Yesterday she was again arrested on the charge of drunken- ness, and will appear before the bench this morning for about the hundred and fiftieth time. SALE OF GLASSWARE ORNAMENTS.— Messrs. Holmes, White and Co, will offer for sale this morning at the Beehive Mining Exchange a magnificent assortment of glassware ornaments, which are stated to be from the celebrated manufactory of Messrs. Webb and Sons, Stourbridge, aud the articles to be offered to-day are similar to those shown in the Melbourne Exhibition, comprising handsome flower stands, parian and majolica ornaments, services, globes, decanters, etc. The sale will commence at half-past eleven o clock. DESTITUTE.— Yesterday a poor old woman, 70 years of age, named Mary Smith, called at the city lockup and stated that she was thoroughly destitute, and that she desired the police to take some action in her case. She was con- sequently taken into custody and charged with vagrancy, on which charge she will appear in the Police Court this morning. She was some time back an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, and now evidently desires to obtain readmission there again. THE WEATHER.— The weather yesterday was very warm, although a slight breeze which prevailed could not be considered warm. The evening was fine, and there was no indication of the change which would be so welcome. The thermometer at Messrs. Joseph and Co's ., Pall Mall, was as follows:— 9 a.m., 76°; 12 a.m, 90°; 3 p.m., 90°; 6 p.m., 89°; maximum, 95; minimum, 58°. Barometer — 9 a.m., 29° 460; 6 p.m., 29-400. TREE PLANTING IN EAGLEHAWK.— Cr. Knee- bone yesterday gave notice at the meeting of the Eaglehawk Borough Council of his intention to move that £100 be placed on the year's estimates for street tree planting in the borough. POLICE SUPERANNUATION.— The Police Ga- zette of Wednesday contains a rather long list of superannuations of members of the force. Prominent amongst them is Inspector Burton, of Geelong, and first-class Detective Mainwar- ing, both of whom have served a long period of years. The vacancy caused by Inspector Burton's retirement will, in all probability (the Age says) be filled by Sub- Inspector Larner, who stands first on the list for promotion, but in the case of Detective Mainwariug the vacancy will not be filled, owing to reductions in the service. THE Police Gazette for the present week con- tains a notification of the discharge of Constable Meehan, the officer whose revolver was recently taken from his belt whilst he was journeying from Kerang to Inglewood by coach. ROBBERY OF A WATCH AND CHAIN.— Mr. John Lowrie, a selector at Pinegrove, appeared at the Melbourne Police Court yesterday morn- ing our Melbourne correspondent writes), to prosecute a man named Charles Hunt alias Hes- sian, for stealing a watch and chain belonging to him. It appeared that the two occupied the same room at the Prince of Wales dining-rooms on Tuesday night and that after Hunt had risen and left the room Mr. Lowrie found that a watch and chain which he had left in his vest at the bed-head was gone. On Wednesday Detec- tive Brown, whilst strolling along Elizabeth street, saw Hunt in a watchmaker's offering a watch, which turned out to be the stolen one, for sale, and knowing the antecedents of the man he felt some curiosity as to how the watch came into his possession. Hunt said he had had it for eighteen months, and in reply to a further query he informed the officer that he had just come out of Maryborough gaol after doing twelve months. The detective told the bench that Hunt had done a lot of time for larcenies of this kind. He at once admitted his guilt and was awarded twelve months. THE WOOL TRADE OF MELBOURNE.— As evi- dencing how strongly established Melbourne has become as the great central depot for the sale of wool in Australasia, the Argus mentions that 140,902 bales of wool have been offered for sale in the colony during the season to date, and that 108,953 bales have been sold, these figures closely approximating to those of the corre- sponding date of last year. The shipments of wool from Victoria show an increase of 30,655 bales, the total exported to date being 240,664 bales, against 204,009 bales shipped at this date last year. This increase is to a considerable ex- tent attributable to the additional consignments from the neighbouring Australian colonies, also New Zealand and Tasmania, which are being attracted to this market for disposal at the auction sales in Melbourne. A GOOD JOKE.— The Pleasant Creek News tells a really good police court joke:— "During the examination of a storekeeper named Edward Ingram, from whom it was alleged one T. Thomas had stolen some geese, the birds in dispute were brought into court. Mr. Purcell, who defended the accused, amused himself and the court by indulging in a little harmless fun at the witness' expense on the question of his ability or other- wise to identify the geese. Ingram adhered to his statement that he could identify the birds as he had dealt with the owner of the breed for some years. 'Oh,' said Mr. Purcell, 'that's nothing; there are plenty of geese resembling those in court to be found in the neighborhood. Why, if you were to go up to my place you might find some like them.' Evidently without ap- preciating his own joke, the witness replied, 'That's very likely; I never said you didn't steal them.' The court relished the reply, and Mr. Purcell appreciated the joke." OVERCROWDING RAILWAY CARRIAGES.— A case which was alleged to have arisen from the over- crowding of passengers into the railway carriages used on the return journey from Brighton Beach on New Year's Day, occupied the attention of the magistrates at the Melbourne Police Court on Wednesday. The defendant (the Argus says) was Thomas Brown, a working man of re- spectable appearance, who resides at Footscray, and he was charged with having, at North Brighton, assaulted William Gregory, a guard on the Brighton line. The evidence for the defence was what when the train started from Brighton there were in the compartment, which at most was in- tended to seat 10 persons, 14 adults and six children, four of whom belonged to Brown. When the train arrived at North Brighton, Gregory was putting two more passengers in the compartment, when Brown remonstrated, in consequence of its being too full already. It was denied that Brown ever struck Gregory, or held the door in any way; and it was also said it would have been impossible for him to have done so, because he was not sitting next the door, and was nursing one of his infant children on his knee all the time. Mr. Call, in delivering the decision of the Bench, said there was no doubt a good deal of pushing at such times with the guards trying to put people in the carriages, and those inside pushing back to prevent it, but they did not think that, in this instance, the defendant did the pushing, or committed the assault. He was, therefore, discharged. PRESENTATION TO THE REV. CHARLES STRONG. — A meeting was held in the Scots' Church, Collins-street, on Wednesday evening (the Argus reports) for the purpose of making a presenta- tion to the Rev. Chas. Strong, in commemora- tion of the completion of the fifth year of his pastorate of the church . Mr. S. J. Jeffray presided, and presented Mr. Strong with an address expressing appreciation of his services, accompanied with a silver salver and a purse containing a cheque for £200. Mr. Strong, in reply, referred to the difficulties under which ministers labored at the present day in conse- quence of the transition through which men's minds were passing, and expressed his gratitude for the mark of appreciation that had been be- stowed upon him. THE LYONS PHYLLOXERA CONGRESS.— The French Trade Journal and Exporter of a recent date says :—It will not be for want of con- gresses, that tho devastations of the terrible phyl- loxera will remain unknown. They can be counted by dozens — testimony of the power of the redoubtable enemy, of the impatience to conquer it, and the relative inefficacy of the means employed. Nothing positively new has been broached at the gathering. Confirmation was forthcoming, of the happy results flowing from the autumnal floodings of the vineyards, of the use of sulphuret of carbon — M. Joussand of Bezieres employing it over 200 acres of vine yard, and of sulphocarbonates — which involve an outlay of £10 per acre. Dr. Fatio, of Geneva, affirmed the success of burning up vines and stakes wherever the inseoet appeared, and Cheva- lier Rosavenda avowed, the plague was making only too rapid progress in Italy. The only point hotly disputed was that referring to im- ported American stocks for grafting; it was complained that the price demanded, 5d to 10d each, was too dear, that all varieties were not suitable, perhaps not more than five were so. M. Laliman, who at the Congress of Beanne in 1869, strongly advocated the American stocks for grafting, and notably the "Clinton" variety, was severely attacked for his avowing, it has turned out with him a total failure. He ought rather to have been applauded for his courageous confession. An evil not less deplorable than the invasion of the phylloxera, is the emigration of the vineyard laborers elsewhere to find em- ployment. The Russian censorship of the foreign press is supremely ridiculous. Every line referring to the Czar's domestic arrangements is carefully obliterated before the paper is allowed to circu- late in Russia. It may well be imagined what a singular appearance some of the English jour- nals present, while the labor of the department cannot be even guessed at by those unaccus- tomed to the work of erasing certain lines in thousands of newspapers and periodicals. And this is the nineteenth century. Duties will be resumed at State School, No. 1,316, Specimen Hill, on Monday next. The resident secretary of the National Insur- ance Company notifies elsewhere that Eaglehawk having been included under the town tariff, risks in that neighborhood will now be accepted at a re- duced premium in accord with tha rates ruling in Sandhurst. 