01 h q Jiiquim;. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 188L The 4th clause of 'The Act to Regulate the Fencing of Land' — namely, 'It shall be lawful for the ' owner of any land, upon which ' before the passing of this Act there ' shall have beeu ereeted a fence 'dividing such land from land ad joining thereto, or his heirs and ' assigns, to demand and recover of ' and from the owner or occupier of ' such adjoining laud half the value ' of such dividing fence, and in the 'event of the occupier paying the ' same, he may demand and recover 'such half value from the owner' — was the subject of much controversy in the Legislative Council on Tues day, the 30fch August, and resulted in anequal division of votes. The clause was ultimately carried by the casting voice of the Chaieman of Committees. Sir Ebskine Mat, in his eminent work on Parliamentary Practice, page 343, saye on this subject, 'If the ' members should happen to be equal, ' the Speaker or Chairman of Com ' uiittees, who otherwise never vote, ' must give his casting-voice. In the 'performance of this duty he is at ' liberty to vote like any other ' member, according to his conscience, ' without assigning a reason ; but in ' order to avoid the least imputation ' of impartiality, it is usual for him, ' when practicable, to vote in'such a ' manner as not to make the decision ' of tlie House final, and to explain ' his reasons, which are entered in 'the journals.' This, then, is the general practice laid down for the guidance of those holding the im portant office of Speaker or Chairman of Committees, aud especially has it always beeu acted upon where any new law affecting the interests of the people is proposed, ' which should be ' affirmed by a majority of the House, ' and not merely by the castiag- vote of ' its presiding: officer.' (May, p. 349.) We c&''v t si'-- a-v r-'ss^n wLy tru sound practice of the Imperial Parlia ment shoall be disregarded in Western Australia. What possible beuefit couli arise to the colony from Mr. Maitlaxd Brown's proposal to give the P. & O. Company £2i)00, for allowing one of th^ir steamers to call at Fremantle twice a year? How could the crowds of aristocratic passengers who throng the decks of these steamers possibly form au idea of the physical appear ance of the colony other than that to be observed from the deck of their vesSt?l — au(] which certainly is not an inviting prospect — seeiug that there are 00 means f.r g-ttiug ou shore, no steadier to uit'et them oa arrival, and the time of their stay being too short to allow of their visiting the portions of the colony woith seeing ? We dirfc. altogether with Mr. Baows on this point. Uy all means let us have the J\'«.-th-jrla!i-Js, French, and German I iii«?rs call at Fremantle, if wd can, atiJ hoi 1 out every inducement in our power for th'-m 'to do so. By this means w shall suivly secure some advi-utaroi:s foreigners to settle amongst iia, and introduce, or foster already introduced industries, which shall eventually materially aid the progress of our colony. We should tLeu be able to pr.-cmv, at a minimum of cost, ni^u accustomod to the culture of the vine and olive, and the raising of silkworms, aad the pro duction of niauy of the necessaries as well as the luxuries of life. The infusion of a little new blood into colonial lifr will do good ia raon? ways than one. America owes much of her prosperity to the descendants of the phlegmatic Dutchmen, who ?ally settled ou her shores, aud much aNo' to the eons and -?a.u£Uters ot the Fatherland and of France in later times. Another aud very important point to be considered in connection with th' N-»th*?rUnrtB stearoeis call inp a- F reman »!?? is that an annual supply ot laboran conTPrOTt- - - with the raising of tot*ceo, nee,. cotton, indigo, «ugtr, tea^aiui pobftf* not the least important to im, Jan, and the otber valuable enea, -n which the dolonj abonnde. If am ? ?- are desirous of engaging, in. thff industries, tor which our coloar is preeminently adapted, it will Jbc necessary, to have a tegular eupnlj «t . labor; and seeing the strong objee ttons raised to the irapmtation of ' Ch-/fe' n^ »*b ty ont £«tem neighbors, botalsobymanjofoarewa' - people, we might thus be enabled to dispense with the services of * John,' and employ the Javanese iasteaiL ' ' We preBume the same objectaonaconid r-J not be raised against tlie latter *»ce- rW as against the former, Uus.fcc^mt \™ any rate, mas* not be lost sight rf-3 \ we wish to get out of our present ' humdrum state »f ^xietence, a«d do , something zaore than grow. a.:&« -?-, bnshels of wheat that ear ftnuen finaV - difficult to dispose of at & ^aljefa^torj price, aad export a. few shiplgads of ' sandalwood, we must use the proper ' means to that end. White U&jir; ' never yet succeeded in tropical pursuits. It ha« been tried again and. again in ail pasts of the world and .: always failed. One point of vital im portance in the importing of laborers most be kept steadfastly in view, vii., ' to get the right kind of men to perform the labor reqaired. Tbet» axe thousands of French and German ' laborers who know no mote of, the . cultivation of the vine than do th* inhabitants of Coonty Clare, andw ' we require men who do understand - thoroughly this branch of huBbandry care must be taken in their selection. This, we think, might be managed if application was made in the right * quarter. The German ami French peasantry are remarkable for their civility, thrift, and sobriety, and are certainly by no means undesirable colonists. If we had a fair sprinkling of this class of people amongst us we should hear less talk about the an-, profitableness of vineyards, and the tons of olives which are allowed to go to waste — or at least fall when ripe as food for poultry — would be turned to their proper use, and «o add to the national wealth We have written on; these subjects so often that we find it difficult- to invest them with any fresh degree of interest, but ' the constant dripping of water wears away the hardest stone,' and so we live in hopes that by persistently bringing the matter before the public they will be induced at last to make a move in the matter, and not rest till they have proved that we can grow as good wine, oil, and tobacco/ as they can in the adjoining colonies, or in any other quarter of the globe. At the present time, when we hear of the discovery of gold, tin, and other metals in various parts of the colony, the conviction is forced upon us that the time has arrived when the Government should take some steps towards furnishing, say in connection' with the Crown Lands Department,, some method by which prospectors could be assisted in their researches. This could best be done by obtaining, samples of quartz, stone, etc., and of the metals — at least of tin. and other of the baser sorts — for the purposes of comparison; books, also, on mine ralogy, as a vode mecum, to prospectors, might be obtained for distribution. There are very few people in the colony in the possession of any know ledge* whatever of mineralogy, fewer still who have acquired any practical knowledge of geology. The following hints to gold prospectors might, in the meantime, be useful: — Nitric acid is a sure test for gold. If the mineral found be gold, it will not touch it j if a baser metal, with the exception of one or two not commonly found in Australia, violent action takes place and gaseous fumes arise. By thia means spurious gold dust may be detected; if it be ]-ure, no action, whatever will take place, and the liquor will not be discoloured; if impure, violent action will take placp, red vapour will arise, and the acid will be discoloured. The weight of a lump of quartz, as estimated by pois ing it in the hand, is generally suffi cient to determine whether it contains gold or not, quartz having a specific gravity of about 2f, whilst the specific gravity of gold is from 18 to 19. -* This accounts for gold being found in grains and nuggets — the water having had. sufficient power to break up and wash away the lighter rock, but not the gold itself. Heace it may be inferred that, when large lumps of gold are found, the matrix itself catiQot be far off — from the impos sibility of the current washing these to any great distance. On the oilier hand, if the gold be in dust or scales, it may be, and is frequently, distribu ted over a large space of ground. The unpractised miner is apt to take several substances for gold which [ have no alliance with that metal. The first of these is yellow mica ; this may, however, be readily distinguish ed by its lightness. The next is iron pyrites. This is as easily distinguish ed. Put the point of a penknife into a scale of gold, and it will penetrate it, but the pvrites would be found too hard for this. Place a little of the substance ou a shovel, and put it on the fire. If it be pyrites, a strong smell of sulphur will be perceived, I aud the residuum after the sulphur ib driven off will become red iron rust. Dissolve the mineral in muriatic acid, and add a few drops of nitric acid. ^ Add to the solution a little hartshorn, ; ami, if iron pyrites, rust is preeipi i tated. With a solution of nut-galls 1 common iuk is produced. With prusesiate of potash, Prussian blue is formed. Auy of these tests will decide between iron and gold. ! Should a lump of quartz be sus |»?cteii to contain gold, the fact may easily be established, as follows z. Pound the quartz finely — the finer the better. Boil this for a consider able time iu aa equal mixture of nitric aud muriatic acid, filter the solution through linen or cotton. It will destroy these, but that is no matter; the experimenter must also be careful not to get Any of the acid on his clothes,/-r it will destroy them. If he burn his fiagers with the rand, he will not -3o so a second time. ♦ Now a-ld cii b«n,ite of soda to the solution when cool, and this will precipitate all bat-'.jr metal. Filter again, and a«ld a solution of oxalic acid till it ceases to elf ei vsee. The g^old will m-w be thrown down ia the form of a Lkck powder, which may be convert ed into tbe usual form by melting. !br vimr el the Act for regulating rtta fwwing of toad becoming law it is iMfiOMTf for the owners of land to «aan&er; how they am moat econo anatStf' coraplj with the new regala tiaea, ao aa to fulfil tbe requirements . of ike Act, aad, at the same time, dip «? tightly as possible into the contents . «f Wsmr pone*, or their account at their banker's. In a well-timbered «NHitj «ifchsr a three-rail fence or a ?hodt and log, ia the beat, and in the oul tibe cheapest. The latter is the least expensive and the most easily elected. For the information of our leaden who may not have seen a fsnce of this kind, we will give an idea of the manner of its construction. 'Wfeere there are a number of saplings growing — say, from twenty to thirty ?feet in height, and with a diameter ^of twelve or eighteen inches at the base, and six to ten inches at twenty tar thirty feet from the ground; cut them down, and lay them side by * side, then cut 'chocks,' that is, pieces of the limbs of other trees from 24 to 30 in. in length and 12 to 18 in. in diameter; lay these on the ground, j&uanqr; your logs so that the ends of them shall overlap the chock, say, a couple of feet. Reversing the logs as you go along, that is, on the ground chock, lay the thick end of one log, and the thin end of the next following one. This will, by hollowing one end of the chock, give a level for the next upper chock to rest upon. Continue this to the next line above, which gives you a three-log fence, such a one as sheep cannot get through, and cattle cannot knock down, and will very seldom attempt to get over. If tike timber is a trifle larger than that mentioned, it will take a first-class cross-country horse to get over it at ^alL Three-rail fences are too well ^fenown to need any remark. Next comes what may be called an 'ever- lasting' fence; that is, a stone fence. This, of course, may be built of -any kind of stone. On the coast, limestone; and inland, of any stone to be found on the ground. A stone wall-fence is. the most expensive of any if labor has to be employed for ffs erection ; but where, as in many or most caves, there are children on a ??farm, with a little instruction these jfences.can be put up by the farmer's ftunHy, at a minimum of cost, and wOl 'help to keep the- youngsters out of mischief. We have seen hundreds of miles of country in the adjoining .colonies fenced in with these lime, bine,) and ironstone walls, some of them erected on the lands of wealthy squatters, who have paid from -£70 to upwards of .£100 per mile ; and some on the land of the smallest potato grower, built by the united efforts of the -farmer and his family. These fences wilt last — if well taken care of — .for generations to come. Our attention has been specially called to the 9th notion of the Act, which calls upon the occupier of land on one side of a fence .to keep his land clear to within ten feet of the fence, provided his neighbour call upon him to do so, he (the neighbour) having already cleared his land of all ignitable oi inflammable rubbish. This section of the Act appears to ub to be, to say the least, a very foolish one, and for this reason. The fact of the land .requiring to be cleared of rubbish pre-supposes the danger of fire arising from accumu lated rubbish, and it becomes neces bbxv. because of the prudence of one occupier, that his neighbour should clear the boundaries of his land ; and because of the imprudence of another occupier, who sees no necessity for doing anything of the kind, the imprudent man's neighbour should be allowed to let all manner of inflam mable rubbish remain on his ground ; why should any distinction be made between the neighbour of the prudent or imprudent man? We think it would have been far better — and perhaps it is not too late even now to amend the bill this session — to pro vide that the occupiers of all land be compelled to plough on the inside of their boundary fence to the extent of a given number of feet, thereby obviating almost to a certainty the danger of a bush-fire. We have seen this followed in the other colonies wifch good results. This, of course, applies more particularly to agricul tural properties, for it would be absurd to expect those persons who have twenty or thirty miles of squat ting country to do anything of the sort. A plan very generally followed in Victoria, in wheat or other grain paddocks, is to plant several rows of potatoes or mangolds n^xt the fence. It is a wise precaution against the spread of fire, and if the crop be planted in time there will be good green feed for sheep when turned into the stubble after the corn is reaped. Our country readers would do well to give timely consideration to what we have advanced on this subject, regard less of whatever may be the fate of Hie proposed Bill, which, we believe, will not be looked upon with favor by the colonists as a whole. As the measure is understood to have been introduced at the instance of one or two kon. members, and not by the Government, the large section of the public opposed to the measure rely upon its rejection when it is forwarded for the Govebhos's approval. In any case hon. members would have pur sued a wiser, if not safer course, if they had taken the precaution of con sulting their constituents before tak ing decided action on such an im portant fpiece of ^egiatytien — wbteh, by the way, a. contemporary has had the effrontery to designate ' the bill of the session. Bfosncr Orders ok Cape Colowt. — Tbe Portmaeter^teneral announces thai money ordets are turn available at the General and District money-order offices in this colony on the General and other post-offices at the Cape of Good Hope. Tax Wkathxb.— During the pact week we hare had occasional spells of wet weather— fain falling pretty . generally throughput theaetHed districts and reaching far inland. The crops at die Greenough ate reported to be very backward, while a good deal of the late*sowa wheat is very ?tinted in growth, and la already coming into ear. It is to be hoped that not only. for the sake of the crops — which it is feared mast taut oat anything bnt satisfactory — bat Cor the lire .stock:, the late rains will be heavy, otherwise the water enpply will be very limited. The rainfall tarough oot the Eastern colonies this season feas been exceptionally light. Up to the 16th of last month the rainfall registered at the KeHwarne Observatory was less than it had been in twenty-two years, embracing tbe Mine period. Warm, dry days, with neavy dews and sharp frosts, seem to have been characteristic of the weather through out the Australian colonies for the past ttaee month*; -while the absence of high ?finds bu also bee* very remarkable. 