\ News and Notes. J The world-renowned Fakir of Oolu y is giving his charming drawingroom r entertainment at St. George's Hall J nightly, assisted by his daughter, Miss ( Daisy Silvester, Miss Emelier Reau- / mont, aud Madame SiIveBter,.also Mr ) Lacie (ventriloquist) and Mr J. Sum- C mers Brown. The entertainment is / highly spoken of by all who have 1 witnessed it, the entranced lady (Miss L Daisy Silvester), the ventriloquial ? efforts of Mr Lacie, the witticisms of 1 the Fakir, and above all the beautiful L fairy fountain, elicit universal admi- ) ration. \ Mr W. R. Fnrlong notifies that he has removed his music stndio to ) those handsome premises situate near | Russell-street in Latiobe-street, where there is a large hall and every con- ) venience for Btudents of the vocal I art. American Waltham Watches ) were awarded the Only Two First I Prizes at the Melbourne International Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher ) awards than any other Exhibitor of I Watohes received, r We feel it onr duty to call attention J to the New Davis Vertical Feed k Sewing Machine, which has carried r off the only first prite at the Mel J bourne International Exhibition, k Some of the competitors, however, r were not satisfied with the awards, ) and protested. The Experts, how- k ever, upheld the decision and gave r the first prize for their ' Family Ma- ) chine and the same for Hand. Messrs C W. F. Dixon and Co,, of 87 Elisabeth / street, are the sole agents, and in- i tending purchasers and those interest- L . ed wonld do well to call and inspect, r these singularly-successfnl machines. ) We have received from Mr P. G. | Dixon samples of sodawater made. from water specially brought, from I Mount Macedon. The sodawater is I excellent, and is of course free from that nauseating taste so clearly dis- i cernable in Bodawater or other cordials | made from the filthy Yan Yean. We have also received from Mr Dixon a i sample of the Mount Macedon water, which it is quite a treat to drink, after having for some time to put up with the beastly stuff supplied by the Public Works Department. Gem Portraits.— The young lady 1 who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio about a month ago. We must compliment Messrs Gill and uo. bill distributors, lor tne good show they have made ef the Pomeroy window bill, they being observable in every part of the city and suburbs by the bright oblique band contaniag the single word " Pomeroy," in dis tinctive prominence. We may men tion that the bill was executed at the office of this paper. Matrimony. — Never were such great advantages held out to young people te marry as the present. A comfortable house may be furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why delay ? Go and see Mr H, Marks and get married at once. Attention is directed to the pros pectus of Bridges' art-union, (published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis tribution of prizes, from £1000 down to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than invest in this legitimate affair. 