? u i -THE APOTHEOSIS'O]? THE ?' ? ; ? -' ; ? SQUATTER. -, *?'.''',.:' '?' TJmdeb the above heading is an nrtiolo in this World of September 28, in wbioh. we', dearly trace the ' fine Boman hand' of the clever and genial gentleman who was recently at tho bead of tha ' Queensland Hansnrd' staff. Hib numerous friends on this side will be glad to see that his hand has lost none of its cunning, nnr hia eve anv of its powor of keen, clear discrimination amid the fogs and frosts of the old north land to which he has gone back. The following is the artiolo referred to :— ' Hughenden has at last found an occupant in Sir Samnol Wilson, tho Australian million aire, who has leased tho mansion until Lord BeaoonBfleld's hoir comes of ago. In old timeB Mr. Disraeli loved to sneer at suoceaaful colo nists, who, after ' fleecing a thousand flockn,' Bought seats in the House. It is hardly likely, as the Lord of Hughenden oast eidolons glances .» ? r ? „-...! nL.'ij ? *y_ _i t ? at JU68STH. xiuwu uuu wuiiuuru mac as ttvur dreamt cff a sheep king yawning in the rooms where he had entertained Royalty and hood winked squires. However, as report has it that tho quondam owner of Eroildouuo h-«8 paid handsomely for the honour of dating his letters from the Mecoa of Toryism, there is no likelihood that Sir Samuel will be disturbed by ; tire irate wraith of his predecessor. Indeed, eo nncompromieing a ' Constitutionalist' as the legislative Councillor for tho western district of Victoria may be inclined to continue ihe traditions of the place by battling for the landed interest in London, instead oi in Mel bourne. Still a middle aged man— twenty years younger that tho Primo Minister— Sir Hcmnfll Wilson has run a wondrouslv successful career.' He is an Irishman, who, thirty yews ago, landed in Melbourne with no better equip- ' snent for the battle of life than a slender know ledge of mathematics and a four years appren ticeship to the flax-spinning buxincss. An neither accomplishment was in demand in Aus trailia, the raw gossoon from Ballyoloughan took to gold-digging. Nuggets fell to his ruoker, ?and with the dust he bought sheep ; aud no soon did he buy sheep than the rain, fell, rand the grain grew, and wool and mutton ran np ana kept up, until Joseph brought out his two elder brothers. ' Investing .in real estate in Victoria, and Jrun' interests in ?Queensland and New South Wales, everything he touched turned to' money, until, having a fancy to play the ' pions founder,' he could afford to toss thirty thousand pounds to Mel bourne University, without eoriouely disturbing his balance at his banker's. A rioh man, he in able to amuse himself with hobbies; Indeed, to one of these he owes his knighthood ; for had not ' Sir Sam ' taken a fancy to naturalise the salmon in Australian rivers, and write a book about his wondrouB fish-ponds at Krcil donne, the chanoes are that today he. would have been aB far from the Athenieum Club as the Campbells, M'Leana, Tysons, und other pastoral sovereigns, whose fleecy subjects are counted by the half- million, and before whom caitiffs ' with wretched little 'flocks of 'fifty thousand bow humbly in Maoquarie-street und' the Riverina. ' A. squatter waB at one time understood to be a disreputable individual, who lived on the outskirts of the penal settlements of New South Wales, and was chiefly employed in stealing the cattle of more law-abiding personages. To day he is the lessee of immense tracts of Crown land, riot immediately required by purchasers, over which grace his wealth in the shape of endless flocks of sheep nnd herds of cattle. Ik is the squatter's mansion whioh the traveller sees the moment he leaves tho thinly scattered Australian towns ; and before ho is long in ' the Colonies ' he learns to regard him as the tvoe of the Antipodtan aristocracy. In the club at . Melbourne or Sydney ho finds him all power ful ; and if he arrives with any kind of intro duction, or, indeed, without that passport, he will at a very early date be asked to uhare tLu hospitality of these wealthy sheep-kings ; and after slaying at one houeo weeks or months will be passed on to another, until, hb his last host bids him good-bye on the wharf at Brisbane, be will hardly remember who first started him on those, three thousand miles of visits which he began eighteen months or two years ago at Adelaide or Melbourne. Nor, unless he com mito some grievous offence, will anybody thiuk it neo-ssary to ascertain the faqt. If he can play billiard*, eat mutton, and drink unlimited tea, he is at home, and will have horses to ride, carriages to drive in, and kangaroo to hunt. In return ho must tolerate muoh talk about tho value of wool, and listen to endless diecuBsions regarding the best way of washing sheep, or vehement tirades against the knavery of ' free selectors ' and tho 'radical mob' led by Mr. Berry, Premier and publican. In many respects these great sheep-kings are akin to the English squires if last century. For ten, fifteen, or twenty miles, every man they are likely to cume across is their dependent, and ? they are either actually or virtually monarchs of all they survey. No one is bigger than the . squatter, unleps it be anothor squatter with a greater run, a huger flock, or n more extensive ? mob' of cattle or horses. In other respects the Australian squatter is widely different even from Squire Western. He may have been a ; younger son, a successful gold digger, a butcher, a shepherd, or even that shady person , age whom it is still a Sydney euphemism to describe as ' an old hand.' But in every case . he has been tho architect of his own f ortnne. A second generation of wealthy sqnattera is aB yet rare, and the chanoes are that the man '??whoso guest you are in the bush is tho first member of his family who was trusted with a cheque-book. ' The sheep-king 1 ads, nevertheless, an anxions life. He ia almost invariably in debt ?to tho ' merohant ' from whom he obtains his supplies, and to whom his sheep are mortgaged. Wool may fall from two shillings to sixpence a pound ; there may bo a dry summer, and, as a consaquenoe of no grass, sheop may be selling ?«at half-a-orown ahead; or his fenceB may be burnt by bush-fires, or wallabies and wild ?lorjes ma; devonr the pasturo, or dingoes tho sheep.; or, worst of all, the rabbiti may, in .spite of strychnine, get the upper band. Then ?the sqnatter is mined, and the 'awagman,' who for years has been acoustomed to find his mut -ton and damper secure at ? the hut,' learnu that a new. man has oome, or that the old master is ' .dimply the overseor for the bank or the money lender in Melbonrne. The first generation of ?a squatter family is energotic ; the eo«)nd 3istlo8B. The girls are lively enough, and lovely ?too. They are as solf-asaertive and irreverent .as any Amerioan damsel. But high intelli gence either in them or their brothers in rare. '.The young squatter ia addioted to loafing ' .and can speak about Tittle save horse raoes, women, or the ovorlasting shoop. He is fond of itakicg ? a spell' in town, where, ' my word,' tie astonishes the ' jackarooB,' as ho contemptu ously styles the young Englishmen who arrive to gain colonial uxporience. Ho is, moreover, bumptious and boastful to an offensive degree, and speaks of England and Englishmen in a ISUUUUr willVU nvuiu umui^ uy ^f^TDGli Dlt) . to the effusive souls who write bunkum I about Australian ? loyalty.' 'BUll, the j €qn»tterooraoy are forming a true country party in Australia, possessed of nil the pre judioes and bitterness of that oulturod portion of tho-eommunity. They are building grand houses, and a oortaiu peroontage of them swarm offi every year to gain a footing among the new men of England. Hero, indeod, they supply the plaoe of the old Nabobs, though their manners are liea'.tli(er than thoao of the yellow, faoed people wiso last century shook the pagoda troo and bought boroughs with tho fruit. Tkoy are alao unlike the shoddy and petroleum magnates of America. For these aro nsually townsmen, and though pume proud, have rubbed too much against other classes to retain muny of their worst nnguliiri tios. Nor is the Bucoossful fquattor akin rto tho successful gold or diamond diprgor, Bines ho h.%B a)udo liin money much moro slowly than the latter, and thus bo ooaio more thoroughly ingrained wjth the peculiar surroundings of his tiade. In Aus tralia, a CroEfl of Michael and Georgo is his grand ambition ; ' at homo' ho strives for a Beat in the Houte of Oi/ramono. He lives in the best West End houses; and if he does not always attain th!) best of clubs, he amazes their habitues with tho strength of his oonservatiem —and language. Yet he sometimes wonders why he cams, to England, and wearies for' old times oh the Hawkeobury or in Gulgong Gnloh Th Ctenlong, on the banks of the Murray or the Yarra Yarra, or in the Veranda up Collins Htroet, Sir Peter Jobson, M.L.O., was somebody. In Bucks, baronets and people with twenty thousand a year aro almost as plentiful as gum troos in Gippsland.' 