I T Biyi S OP NEWS. The remains of Mr George Farrollwere fol- lowed to the Cemetery on Saturday by a large number of friends, who attended at the early hour of nine 'o'clock in the morning to pay this tribute of respect to the deceased and his familv. About twenty-five conveyances followed the hearse and the mourning coach, in which were seated the three sons of Mr Farroll. The Rev. E. CraCrawford read the funeral service af the Church of England, and Mr G. S Horner, P.G. , read the service of the Order of Oddfellows over the grave. Upon the coffin which was neces sarily a very large one, was placed by loving hands a wreath of flowers. Mr Brandt, an old friend and neighbour, hearing of Mr Farroll's death, came from Melbourne by first train on Saturday, to attend the funeral, and was greatly disappointed at finding de was too late. It was a curious coincidence that- the voting for Maldon on Friday was so similar to. thjtt of. tbo election in February 1880. There were but five votes riipro last Friday, and of these Mr M'Intyre got" throe, arid Mr Sairisburytwo, aiid with this slight addition their numbers qprres- pond with the polling for Mr Servicp find' hfr Blarney. Further, . IjpUi Mr. felamoy -arid-Mr" Salisbury topped"The' poll at tlie two booths in Campbells Creek, but not anywhere else in the electorate. At first sight Maldon would seem to be the most stable and unchangeable consti tuency ip the eqlony, but the stories which have gained currency of extraordinary sudden con version, throw a shade of suspicion upou the manner ip which these changes were brought about. In another column will bo seen the official, returns. -giving the polling at the various booths. , An extraordinary meeting of members of the Mechanics' Institute is called' for next' week, to ennairlfir n, rAmnrisfr.rn.nnfi nf iVTr T?.a nVinnl ncrninafr. being cut oflTas a.; ripembor. This . .occurred through him haying ivritl en to the Chief Secre tary, that tho committee ij|efrauded.. the - Go vernment by misappropriating .to other uses the grant anrinially'given for! ihe purohMC of books, and tlie committee being apprised .of this slan der, which does not contain a tittle -!bf truth, re solved at last meeting", !tp"havd hirii''&loriger; a member of the Institute than thaijeridfof this. montB j when Tlis quarterly subscriptjexpires. By the rules he could be expelled" for miscon duct, but " tlib milder course ri'as adopted, but it not being riiild enough for Mr Raphael's notions, his case will come urider review. ." ' ' : V-;- i A woman mot with a serious accident from a fall at one of tho corners in the Square on Satur day night. A mob of men and boys make a practice of standing at the corners ofthe Square not only oil Saturday but Sunday riiglits, arid amuse themselves by smoking aud exuding the filth from their mouths on the pavement, which formed a pool on this occasion! As the woman, passed she put her foot into it; slipped, and fall ing received a;severe wound ori-the side of the head. Perhaps the attention of the police will be directed to this nuisance. Iri Melbourne they do things differently. . Mr J. B. Patterson is enlarging the circuit of his business operations, and on Friday was suc- CAflsflll .in a . nmv lirnnnTi TTo woa ni'ifi'iiofn'1 " with putting a loan Ion the market" for: L5509 for: the Berwick Shire; bearing 5 per' cent, interest. The tenders sent in ariiorinted to over LSOjOOOj and that pf the Cpminercial Bank at LI 05: 5s 2d- was successful. It was saidjihat the Berry blight Had frightened the money put of Victoria into /New. South .Wales, and here is one of the Ministry gettirig' teiitlers for between- four an'dr; five times more money than, is ' required, at a premium of L5 5s 2d.- How is this thus ? ! Kleptomania will . occasionally find its way into a comctery, and break forth into activity! at the chance of an opporturiity for , appropria-i tiori, even amidst the solemnity of a funeral! service, when all minds are directed' heaven ward. Thus it so occurred a week !3go when a! clergyman was officiating over a grave, lief ore. ho had catne tp the passage, ashes to ashes, dust to dust, his umbrella was spirited away by some mean thief. i' Yesterday was another scorching 'day, and owing to tho continued absence of rain -bush- fires are again puiting in an appearance. One' was raging in the ranges belpw Campbells Creek,; on the Fryers road, all yesterday afternoon, and; from the clouds of smoke, as; seen from Castle-' maine, must have been extensive. . The following cases were admitted to the. Hospital on ' Saturday A child of Mr Blunt! was playing with a chaffcutter and got one of its fingers out off, anothor nearly so A woman named Jane M.!Gill was brought in ohargod with lunacy. A map named Thomas Cooper was also brought to tho Hospital from the lock-up. J, _ A meteor was observed on Saturday evening, just over the English Churoh, which surpassed! for brilliancy anything of the same description seen for a long time." At eight o'elbekit was! observed in the north, and proceeding in a south-oast direction it broke into about twenty balls, completely illuminating the sky. . It appears that some inaccuracy crept into a paragraph in our issue of Saturday about Con-! stable Glendenniug. He had come in froth the1 Malclon election, and had . ridden the horse hyenty-oue miles. It is given' to rearing ; -it did; so at Maldon, and repeated this again as men-! tioned in our'notico. : i Mr Ottoy acknowledges the receipt of L3, ! oolleoted by Mr Elsbury. on behalf of the chil dren Morrell. On Saturday the Yapeen. Cricket Club played 16 of the Church's Flat' Club' on the" ground "of : the latter! "Yapeen obtained 87, "arid the fifteen 31 and 39, for tlie loss of' ten wickets. For Yapyep, Aberdsen VPhilpot" arid! Marsh 12 each were tne chief scorers, and one for Church's Flat obtained. JL2. J The bowling of the'brothers Scoit yyaa most destructive..-', . Considerable interest has been manifested in the ale for whioh Mr Myririg of the Standard Brewery, ''Campbells Creek, took a prize at the International Exhibition.' ' A quantity of . it which has been returned to the brewery, has been submitted to the general .'palate, and pronounced equal to the beat inaported'ale. It is eight months old, clear, sparkling, and of de licious flavour. Mr Cqldrey has in his window, in Barker- street", a' large sheet pf oardboard, on whioh iq fixed the photographs of 81 pioneers and old re- uiueiiMj. xutJBo luruj un interesting collection , aa amongst them may be seen the likenesses of gen tlemen who have made thBir rriark as legislators, or have borne honours for their services in local government. The photographs are well taken, and do credit to Mr Coldrey for his skill. Small photographs of a sizo fit to be placed in an album have been struck off by him, and these are cha racterised by general olearnesB. Ho has intro duced tho enamelling process, which givos soft ness and brilliancy to photographs, while it pre serves them. Dominick Sonseo, the dwarf who was exhibi ted a fow months ago in the Eastern Arcade, sued Thomas Bentley, of Castlemaine, publican, j in tho Molbourno County Court on Friday, for I L14 18s, money hatl and receivod by defendant on account of plaintiff, and not paid over to him. Tho money was paid to Bentley by Mr Isnno ! Solomons, of tho Eastern Arcade, who oxhibitedi ' tlie plaintiff. The case was hoard a month ago,): before bis Honour Judge Cope, when it appeared ' 'V' his Honour Judge Copo, when it appeared from evidence for the plaintiff that the money was paid to Bentley as guardian of plaintiff', and with plaintiff's consent, but that Bentloy ro- fused afterwards to pay it over to plaintiff, on tho ground that ho wns under engagement to him, and had only boon lent by him to Solo mons. His Honour then said that as there would evidently bo vory conflicting evidence, ho would not hear tho defendant's ease, but would send the cause for trial before a jury, and ho I. accordingly did so. On Friday thoro was no ap pearance on bohalf of tho defendant, and the jury therefore returned a verdict for tho plain tiff for the amount claimed. The will of W. S. Urquhart late of Taradale, gentleman, who died on 14th January, 1881, has been proved at Melbourne. Testator bequeaths to his wife all his household furni- ture &c.;, and L500 absolutely and an annuity of L500 a year during her life. Devises to his trustees the remainder of the personal and all his real estate in trust to invest, and during his wife's life to pay the proceeds thereof equally to the children of his sister Catherine, widow of Robert Trotter, Rosshire, Scotland, the chil dren of his sister Margaret, the wife of John Maclachlan, of Kent, England, the children of his late sister Ann, widow of Charles Frazer, of Rosshire, the children of his brother Roderick Urquhart, of Yangery, Warrnambool, and of his brother. Angus Urquhart, Inverness. Probate granted to Wm. Austin Zeal to whom testator leaves L100. On Friday a . larrikin, named John Hynds, was'fmqd. LlO for assaulting the police at Bat- liursL It has been decided to givo Laycock a public reception at Sydney,:; -L35.Q has been already sub- , scribecl ' and .other subscriptions are coniing in freely! A large ariiount ;js expected- to ; bo ob tained. r" " The diamond drill, on Friday "out a seam'of coal 32 inches thick, at Bridgo Creek, three miles oast of Kilcunda, 30 mches of .wluoli is of sound and prime quality ;; the othor -2 inches are rather shaley. . The number of births and deaths registered in the metropolitan and suburban districts ' during the week ending 12th. March- wasVr-Hirths, 178"; deaths 130. Of the deaths. GO. (or over .44 per cent. ) were of children 'under the" age' of three years 46 (or nearly 34' per !cerit.) -being under one year. .. , Tenders ; were opened by the Clqmmissioner of Railways on "Friday for the' proposed line of railway from Shepparton to Numarkah, Ten offers were received; ' the lowest arid'the "qne pro- visionally accepted- being that of 'Messrs! 'C. and E. Miller, L20,545 18s. The '.other tenders ranged up to "about L28,000. Tenders were also opened for the supply of . platelayer's' tools, the lowest of four being that of W. Howard, L412 7,s. \ .!,/ . A ipebting'of the Colonial Industries Dofonce Association was held at Adelaide; oji Friday, for the purpose'pf considering 'the amended policy of the Go vernmeiit, 'iri- relation to 'its' effect upon native industries. A motion was oarried that the association considers the amended policy of the Government, if carried into effect, will bo as injurious to the manufacturors and the colony generally as the previous one, inasmuch, as it only defers an alteration in the tariff to what is termed a iriore opportune time. The chairinan made some animadversions upon the remarks which appeared in the Register relative to the comparative , position of free, trade in South Australia and protection in Victoria, and main tained that the amount of imports and exports was the criterion to go by for determining the relative prosperity of the colonies. The_ Ormoncl College in Melbourne wins opened on Friday afternoon, by his Excellency the Mar- quis of Norriairiby, ill tlie presence of a" large arid brilliant assemblage of ladies and gentle men; A dejeuper. was subsequently given in a marqude adjoining the college; at" which" about 400 persons sat down to an excellent " repast, provided by Mr Hoolsken, the caterer. " A num ber of toasts were proposed and responded to, and.eyeral excellent- speeches were- made. - Dr :Moirisbri, who occupied the : ohalir, Explained4 theirise" and progress of the institution, arid stated that up to the present time L55,350 had been subscribed, inclusive of the L22,600 con tributed by Mr Francis . Ormorid, the founder, to establish and endow the college! Ho read a communication from Mr' William -Humming, forwarding a cheque for L1000 for forindirig a scholarship; and the Hon. William Wilson, who was present, expressed liis intention of giving L500 for a similar purpose. Tho college (remarks the Telegraph) was inspected by. a large number of visitors' during the afternoon,' who expressed the utmost satisfaction with the build ing, and altogether the occasion was highly suc cessful. - . " - - .At the Ballarat Police .Court on Friday, Mr Peter M'Olosky, J. P., of; Rallan, appeared to nnaipflp n . n vrrn nf '»< ...L.'.U li. 1 1 " w»wi 6v wx uigatujf- UU UIIlGU Jlt) 11UU been arrested under warrant at! the inskinoo- of his first wife. Mr Gaunt defended the accused. The following ' evidence was given Bridget Walsh deposed that she know the prisoner. On the ; 5th , inst." sho, attended at St. Patrick's Chureh, Ballarat, and was present when the Rev. Father Meade celebrated a marriage be tween; the prisoner and Anne Farrell. She sub scribed her name as a witness to the .ceremony, and recognised her signature in the register pro duced. Father Meade deposed tliat ho re membered the 5th inst. On that day the pri soner M'Olosky" was married by him to Anno Farrell. The bride's mother was present, and gave her away. Bridget Walsh was also pre sent. He also proved the signatures of' Poter M'Olosky arid Anne Farrell in the marriagje re gister of the church. On making 'the usual do- ciaracion required, iU'Ulusky stated that his first wife had been dead about six months. The prisoner's alleged first wife was iri court, and appeared to be much affected by the. evidence given. Margaret Ord Inglis deposed that she was living at Ingiiston, near Ballan, in the year 1856\. Mary Dore, the woman in. court, was living .with her at the time as housemaid, some- : where about 1856. The same woman was mar- ried in her house, in her presence, to Peter , M'Olosky, who was at the time a man working on the station. The police here asked Mrs ! Iuglis to look among some men sitting together : in court, aud try if she could now identify! M'Olosky. Mrs Inglis looked, and did so. The , police asked for a remand for a week, to enable them to try and get some other witnesses, some of whom, it was said, liad gone to remote parts of New South Wales, The Bench let the ease stand over for a week, and admitted M'Olosky to bail again. His Honour Mr J ustice Higinbotham passed sentence at tlie Melbourne Criminal Sessions, on Friday, in the case of thoBe prisoners who had been arraigned and convicted. Robert Wylie, whom the jury found guilty of receiving, and who had been presented charged with sheep- stealing, begged for mercy owine to his ad- vanced age, and reminded his Honour of tho recommendation to mercy, which the jury had recorded on his bohalf. His Honour, in de livering sentence, said that tho recommendation to mercy could not bo taken into consideration, since the jury was unacquainted with two facts, viz. , that he (tho prisoner) had already served two sentences, and had very recently pleaded guilty to a second charge of sheep-stealing un connected with tho ono on which ho had stood - his trial. On these grounds ho sentenced pri soner to fifteen months' imprisonment, with hard labour, for tho charge on which he was convicted, and to nine months' imprisonment, with hard labour, on tho charge to whioh ho had pleaded guilty ; the sentences to bo cumulative. The Count do Beaumont, found guilty of falso pretences, was sentenced to twelve months' im prisonment. Stephen Thompson, who had . pleaded guilty to an indictment for bigamy, ro- ceived a sentence of twelve months' 'imprisori- - ment. Prisoner, in palliation, stated that he ' hadFeaded guilty .with '.a view, of spring the .feelings of tho witnesses in tho caso. With re spect' to his first wife, who was. married to him eight years ago, ho had only livod with lior at intorvals, and had ontored into his socond mar riage with tho oxpress purpose of furnishing grounds for a divorce, and of quieting scandals that were in circulation. Justico Higinbotham remarked that the reasons adduced wore no pal liation. Ho had committed a grevious wrong against his second wifo, and had offonded against Iris country and' its laws. - ' J-J .'Mr John Dougharty reports the Bale by hirii, on Friday, of Messrs Ayre and Martin's Murtee station, New South Wales, andstock, atL80,000, to Messrs Slinw and Davis,.,. , The effortB to create a -more kindly feeling between blacks and whitosjn the northern dis- friot are apparently being oSrried \ut by the officers of the native police From Cio Palmer Chronialo we learn that a party of black gins and children camped near the fisheries, recently followed. a sub inspector of native troopers to his tent in that locality, and were regaled with pre sents of tomahawks, toa and sugar. ! ' The Chronicle makes the following .comments,: — " Wo can understand the principle of distribu ting tea aud sugar, but it favours too much con- fidence to supply wild blacks with, tomahawks, knives, apd other dangerous instruments, articles with "which, they "can well "dispense, ' and whose possession- may lead -to the commission of acts otherwise unthought of." In this we can scarcely agree with our contemporary. Torna; hawks and knives are most useful implements tp the blacks. The possession of them is nioBt eagerly coyptod by all savage tribes, and nothing could be more likely to buy their goodwill and gratitude, if it ia possible to do so. A black fights- from an ambuscade, and commits his crimes by surprise, and the possession of a toma hawk will not- render him . any more dangerous than he is with his aboriginal armoury., The interesting ease to which reference has been made in connection with the evasion of probate duties arose (writes the Age) out of the death of Mr Charles Williamson, in November, 1875. Mr Wil liamson was at one time engaged iu the softgoods line in Collins-street, but relinquished his business some years ago for pastoral pursuits. , After his death his property was valued, in the statement sub mitted to Mr Blair in his capacity of registrar of pro bates, at L26.000. Upon this amount duty was about to be paid, but tho rimonnt was subsequently reduced to L16.000, in consequence of debts which were aiscoverea iq db unpaid. a.ue amount oi tnese debts — about L10, 000 — was deducted from the total value of the assets, arid duty was accordingly paid on L16,000. : Mr Blair appears not to have given him self the slightest trouble to examine the will of the late Mr Williamson. Had he done so he would have discovered that Mr Williamson's property was far in excess of the value stated. The debts alluded' to we're iri coririection with dealings on Mr Williamson's stations. In the trill the whole estate of 1 the de ceased — in reality worth upwards of L200.000— was distributed. The statement setting out the value of the estate laid before Mr Blair, altogether ignored the fact that before his death Mr Williamson had sold the Yanga station in New South Wales' to'Mr C. B. Fisher for L135,000 and that L127,000 of the purchase rripney was payable in bills, which were in cluded amongst Mr Williamson's papers. The bills have all' been paid since. It is stated that the reason - why the Yanga station transaction was excluded from the affidavit on the value of the deceased's", es tate wasthat the station being situated in another colony, the' amount was not ohargeable with probate duty in Yiotoria. Steps, however, are being taken to enforce the law and obtain payment on the bal ance of the estate. 