HEATHCOTE COUNTY COURT. Tuesday, February 22nd.1881. (Before His Honor Judge Trench.) . Mr. Smith, in chambers, in the case of KilbrieC. v. Spencer, heard at Echuca. on behalf of defendant, applied for a. new trial, or for a dionsuit, on several grounds, one be ing that the verdict was against evidence dr. Quick appeared on behalf of the plaintiff. After hearing the arguments on both sides, His hlonor refused the motion for a new trial, with £5 - s Gd costs: . David Sims v Joseph Ashley.-Goods. £23 19s 41. Mr. Morgan for plaintiff, who stated in evidence that lie had received a telegram from defendant that morning, admitting the iebt and asking for time. Verdict for the amount, with £4. and odd costs. Patrick Murtha v Bridget, Kate, Thomas, and John Cook.-Action for trespass, damages £10. Mr. Scott for plaintiff. Mfr. Smith for defendants. £2 Os 6d paid into Court. Patrick Murtha, sworn, gave.eyidence to the effect that about 150 sheep belonging to the defendants trespassed on his 20 acre pad dock, vyalong. at various times duting the pat three years, but could ocly fix the dates for two or three occasions, one on the 16th December last. He claimed £5 for loss of ime in trying to-keep the sheep out and £5 for loss of grass. He had had a few words vith defendants' mother towards the end of last year, but that was not the cause of his. bringing the action. James Perks stated in. evidence thathesaw the sheep belonging. to Cook's family tres passing in the paddock in, question. George. Wines also gave evidence to the effect that he saw sheep, which en neu5r... belonged to Cook's family; trespassing in the paddock a couple of times. Richard Cook was called, butdid notappevr, on the grounds, it was stated that 6s conduct monlley was not sufficient. Bridget Cook, sworn. stated that the sheep plaintiff referred to belonged to her, that her hrethers nud sisters had no sheep, and al unittel that 145. of the sheep trespassed in plaintiff's paddock on the 16th December. Hier brother told her they tr-spassed then. She did not see them trespassing. herself. She only haid 40 or 5o sheep three years ago. Her fence was not sheep proof. Precautions were taken.to keep the sheep from trespassing. IMr. Smith applied to have the names of Thomas, Kate, and John Cook struck out of the case with costs The sunmmonss were accordinglydismissed against the three named defendants, with £1 Is costs in each instance. It was stated that separate summonses had been served on defendants. Verdict for the amount paid into court, with £4 costs. leo. Wines v Walter 1M'George.-Action for £10 for loss of cow and loss of time-in l,,oking for it during tho past two vyears. Mr. Scott for plaintiff. Mr.Deakin 'or?alfndant George Wines, sworn, said he ;,st th.' cow, a.re:l anl w:it one., br:an el GW in '71, and found her in defendant's yard on the-3rd of October, 1880: That defendant said his br.ther bought the cow out of the pound. Defendant gave the cow up on the 10th Oc tober. He lived about 8 miles from defend ant's place. He enquired at the pound at Pyalong in '78, and the poundkeeper told h:m the cow had not been there. and promised to let him know if it cane. He dlid not adver tise the cow or inforni the police when he lost it.,He turned her on the common, hilt did not register her. The herdsman bad left. James Reilly, constable of police, stationed at Pyalong, sworn, stated that Wines com plained to him about the cow on the 8th of October, and onl the 9th he. went with him and saw a red cow, brandled G WV. at defend ant's. Afterwards saw tile pound'book, and an entry in it where M'George bougnt a strawberry cow with no visible brand. Wines was satisfied it was his cow,. and went next day and got it. Defendant said, his brother bought the cow out of the pound. Defendant did not refuse to give np thle cow. His Honor ruled there was no case, and gave a verdict for defendant, with four guineas costs. Win. Willtett " Aug?st Carboon.-Work done and materials supplied in cutting 80 tons of firewood at 3s:id per ton. 1.14 Mr. Morgan: for plaintiff. Mr. Scott for defendant. William Willett, sworn,. said he agreed with defendant to cut wood at 3s 6d per ton, no amount or p'trticular kin I of wood being mentioned. payment to hne monthly. Asked for payment after cutting abhO;t three weeks, but did not gnt it. Cut the wo s l in 2 feet lengths The wood was in the bush. Did not stack it all. Stacked a little of it. There was nothing said about delivery of the wood. His brother helped him to cut it. Cross-examined-The wood was fOr the James Service mine. It was not to- he cut and delivered for 3s 61. Defendant· never told him he could not pry him till the wood was delivered. Never told Mr. or Mrs. Carboon that lie was trying to sell the wood and could not. Judged the amount. cut by his day's work. The wood was within a mile of the James Service claim. None of it had been burnt to his knowledge. It was to be dry wood. Box wood was not mentioned. Defendant told him he would get 3s for cart it. The cutting and cartin would be 6s 6d per ton. Did not know of any case where a party cut and carted for 3s 6d per ton, Tald' Mr. Morgan there was over 100 tons, and he told him he had better reduce it to an. amount he could positively swear to. Francis Willet, father of plaintiff, sworn, stated he was present when the agreement was made to cut the wood for 3s 6. per ton. Cutting and delivering would be is or 6s. Cross-examined.-Dry box wood was not mentioned. There was nothing said about delivery. Knew Carboon was.in New South Wales. Mary Carboon, sworn, said plaintiff auked her husband for £2, and he told him he could not give him money till the wood was delivered. Plaintiff said after that he was trying to sell the wood,.but could not. She looked over the wool and found some in small heaps a wheelbarrow would take, and some of about half a ton. Her husband sometimes carted wood to the-James Service mine, and sometimes he did' not. Some of the wood had been burnt by a bushfire. Fenry Browne, sworn. stated he was manager for Lhe James Service Co. The bulk of the wood in question was green stringvbark. Toll plaintiff's brother be would not take the wood, because it was contrary to the agreement. Would:not give a shilling a ton for it. Carboon's contract for the Co. was for dry box. John Scobert, sworn, said be had examined the wood. and would not give £ti for it. It was about a mile from the mine. Verdict for the amount, with £2 15s costs, a fortnight to pay. David Si ns v, James Ratchford. Mr. Morgan for plaintiff ; Mr. Scott for defend. ant. Adjourned till the following day to allow plaintiff to prepare his case, with £1 Is costs to defendant. Hiram Slocum v. Alfred Wilson.-Board and lodging. £16, and cash lent, £1. Mr. Helm, instructed by Mr. Scott, for plaintiff; Mr. Hornbuckle for defendant. Hiram Slocum, hotelkeeper and store keeper at Graytown, sworn, said defendant came to his place with a deed of inspection and stopped 16 weeks, for which he charged him £1 a week. He (plaintiff) signed a document assigning his debts, and bought back the business afterwards. He was not paid a salary by the trustees of the estate. Produced a letter from defendant asking for his bill. Defendant left a rifle at his place, but he did not order it. Alfred Wilson. sworn: Was acting on be- half of Gilmore and Allan under a deed of inspection. Settled with Mr. Gilmore for board. Was told by Mr. Gilmore that plaintiff received an al!owance of £4 a week after the assignment. He was not authorised to sell goods that he had taken stock of. He got the rifle at plaintiff's request. It was stated that tea was about the only article mentioned in the schedule supplied to defendant. Verdict for £17s, less £2 19s for ten days' absence of defendant, and price of rifle pro- cured for plaintiff, with £3 5s costs, ten days to pay. Wednesday, 23rd February, 1881. Hiram Slocum v. Peter Nissen. - Settled. Same v, Ellen Walsh. - Settled. Gustaf Randall v. Charlotte Randall. Mr. Scott for plaintiff ; Mr. Deakin for defendant. Case struck out, plaintiff declining to go- on, stating that he never instructed Mr. Scott to summons, Mr. Scott submitied he had received instructions with £2 3s costs to defendant, Mr. Deakin also asserting that he did. John Doyle v Richard Evana. Trespaacs £10. Mr. Scott for plaintiff. lr. Dseakiv for defendant.r Bridget Diple wife of plaintiff -rn The cattle trespassed in her aintiffok sweera times during-thelast three 0on seerbout 14 head of cattle and 5 horses tr About the 14th January; Claimed £sftr passed on to garden, and £5 for loss of tme tdamages thel cattle out and' damage t' the an.k. The grass lost was wnrth£3e Bhe complained to.defendant. r 'h-complanet R icarC Evans, sworn, dcnied that his cat tie trespassed as stated, and that plaintiff never complained, Plaintiff His Honor ruled that the damagehad:not peen properly set out.. 1Non-suit, with £2 11a coat_ . Patrick O'Meara v Catherine. l'Donald.. Juldgment Summons, £14 is. Mr. Deakin, .for the judgment creditor., and. Mr,: Horn.. buckle for the judgment debtor. Adjourned till next sitting,. payment to be made within three months,. with, £2. I. costs to the judgment debtor.. Hiram Slocum. v John, Huddart - Goods, £5 3s 1d. Mr. Scott for plaintiff Mr. Mor- gan for defendant. Plaintiff, sworn : A person, named Pollen told him to supply defendant withgoods, and he would be responsible. Defendant subse- quently gave him an order on Pollen, which Pollen repudiated several times. Defendant, sworn: He gave no written order on Pollen?! Pollen gave private ?! bal order to supply him with, goods till a contract was finished. The pass book was produced in which it was written. "Settled by order on Pollen." Verdict for amount, with £2. 5s costs, to be paid in instalments of 10s a week, first pay- ment on 2nd March. David Sims v James Ratchford.--oods £3 7 Gd. Mr: Morgan for. plaintiff: , Hirnbockle for defendant. M Edward Hickson gave evidence io the deliveiT of the goods. Verdict for the amount, with costs.' Same v James.lIKee.--Balance for goods,. £7 17 3ld. Mr. Morgan for plaintiff. Mr.. Scott for defendant. Verdict for defendant, with £517s d costs, His Honor ruling. that plaintiff could not recover, as he held' an acceptance from, de. fendant for £35 when the account wasfor that amount; plaintiff stating.that the acceptance was dlishonored and he had. no.-intention of making use of it.. Martin Hlogan v Patrick Taafe.-Balance for wages. £42. 8s. Mr: Scott, for plaintiff.. Mr. Hornbuckle for defendant:. After lengthy evidence a-verdict;was given by consent. for L10; with.L5:gs costs. , \- John and Bridget Doyle v.liichard Evans. \--Assault, damages L491 P9s: Mr. Scott for plaintiff. Mr. lelm-fordefendant. Similar evidence in.thiscase was given in. the Police Court and.published ina previous. issue of.this .paper, Verdict for 40s, with.:I 19s costs... 