REEDY FLAT NEWS. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] . ' On Monday last the most enjoyable day for many years past was experienced at this plnco. For some days previous it had boen arranged that a children's pionio should bo hold, and it was therefore determined that, in consequence of the paucity of amueomonts at Christmas, the affair should bo as grand as oiroumstancos would permit, should sufBoient fuuds be avail able* Four young girls undertook the some what arduous task of collecting for the ohildren, and Messrs. Simpson, Case, and T. Kimball : volunteered to perform a like office for the pur pose of inaugurating foot-racing, &o.; Both parties were eminently successful, thus proving' that all worked with a will. When the auspi cious day arrived, all were on tiptoe with ex pootation, and doubtless soveral of the young sters had_a sleepless night previously, but the few who wero claspod in the arms of Morpheus dreamt of piles of sandwiches, tarts, and cakes. Mr. A. Miller erocted a swing for the girls, which was in great demand. Mr. and Mrs. Mont wore tho catorors, and to their credit, be ' it said, supplied whole piles . of tho articles dreamt of by the children. As it naturally re quired some time to prepare the tables, several offered their assistance, particularly Mrs. Kim ball and her daughter Minnie, with Margaret and Theresa Rogers; When it was announced that all was ready, tho sight of tho tables would have satisfied the veriest gourmand. The children were marched in orderly, and made a determined attack upon tho Rood things pro vided, the parents and visitors looking on in the meantime, smiling and joking at the seriousness of tho little ones. At the conclusion of the re past all appeared quite satisfied, ono little follow admitting that ' ho was full up to the throat.' To the no small surprise of the adults, Mr. and Mrs. Mont invited all to a second course, to which ample justice was done; and %y wayof ' a finish,' Messrs. Timmis and Eylee, our local storekeepers, presented tho little ones with a largo package of lollies, the scrambling for which caused considerable amusement to by standers. Tho remainder of the day was ocou pied in foot- racing for money prizes, in which both boys and girls oxhibitod considerable skill*. Tho shades of evening beginning to fall,' all re paired to a large room kindly lout by Messrs. Timmis and Eyles to enjoy a trip on the light fantastic toe. The musicians were the best pro curable, and were assisted by Mr. Robert Day rell, commission agent, on his favourite instru ment, the tambourine. Bush-fires are raging all around, and, having been burning for sovoral days past, may pos sibly destroy what little grass is left. . r ( f Mining is almost at a standstill for want of water, no rain of consequence having fallen for several months past. Woather intensely hot. 