OUR MINES. WE are glad at the commencement of a new year to be able to congratulate our readers on the improved prospects in our mines. We have been in no hurry to catch at every seeming success, for experience has taught us to watch watch wait, and to beware of being carried aware by discoveries in claims and improvements in yields, which have too often proved but as a flash in the pan, leading to disappointment. Patience ought to be rewarded, if it always is not, and now we think we may safely say it is in a fair way of bearing off the palm it has merited. The whole prosperity of local cold mining is not confined as it was for a lengthened period to a few lucky companies and wealthy private owners. Dame Fortune has been distributing her favors with a free hand of late, spreading them over many mines; and this circumstance is one highly beneficial to the community at large, who reap the advantage of a greater circulation of money and conse- quently increased commercial activity. In this respect the year opens well. There can be no doubt that the use of rock-boring machinery has been the means of opening up the resources of several mines which otherwise would have required a much more lengthened time for development. It is very desirable that these most useful implements should be employed to a much greater extent than they hitherto have been. There is gold, and plenty of it, in the reefs, the difficulty being to get at it. For this purpose tho drilling machines are of incalculable value, and by their aid we may expect yet that something like the prosperity of Bendigo of old will be restored. The returns for the past year show a vast im- provement in the profits, as compared with those of 1879. The actual yield of gold is about the same, but there is an increase of over £21,000 in profits, showing that min- ing affairs have been more economically managed, for no less a sum than £24,000 has been paid in calls more than in 1879. The dividends for the past year amount to £214,500 as against £169,600 for the previous year, showing an increase of £45,000. The total amount of calls was £83,800 as against £59,700 for the previous year. There has been great activity in the mining market during the year, especially for the last six months owing chiefly to the Ellesmere and Ellenborough | companies striking rich reefs, from which they are obtaining splendid returns. A larger number of new companies have been registered than in any year since 1871-2. The Carlisle and Koch's Pio- neer Companies have have had a few payable returns from depths of over 1,200 feet, but neither have been very rich; though hopes are still entertained that the stone in the Carlisle at 1,320 feet will continue payable. There is every prospect of some of the mines adjoin- in the Ellenborough coming upon the same run of stone which has been worked in that claim with such satisfactory results, and if this should prove to be the case the benefits will be immense to a large number of companies who have hitherto been working for very small returns. On the whole, we believe the present year will be more pros- perous than the past; and there is a general feelin of confidence amongst investors and others interested, which it is very gratifying to note. SUPPLEMENT.— Our usual weekly supplement is published with this morning's issue, in which will be found a variety of original and interest- ing extract matter. CABLEGRAMS.—The news from the Cape is still unsatisfactory. The Boers continue to maintain a hostile attitude, and an unconfirmed rumor is current that they have taken Pretoria. As re- gards the Land League prosecutions, a Reuter's message states that great excitement prevails in Ireland in connection with the trial, and serious fears of a disturbance are entertained. Very severe weather prevails in England, accompanied by serious floods in some parts. In the United States a severe frost has also been experienced, and the severe ??? interfere with river and canal navigation. OUR MINES.— Elsewhere in this issue we publish the ??? 1880 to the 31st instant date returns for the year up dividends from the gold yield, calls and year just closed. The mines during the ??? to the end of the ??? are com- it happened that the year ??? and as the week, they could no have ??? with published with accuracy. The figures as pub- be seen in reference to the statement, show that the mining industry is in a very healthy condi- tion. The gold yield exceeds that of the two previous years, whilst the dividends greatly exceed those of any year since 1876. It is a healthy sign of confidence in the resources of the district to observe that the amount of the calls paid is larger than for any of the three pre- ceding years. It shows the shareholders have confidence in their ventures, and further it proves that z large amount of work is being carried on, where in former years " shepherd- ing" was resorted to. As regards the dividends they considerably exceed the amount paid in any previous year since 1876, the amount paid to shareholders being £214,552. The excess of calls over dividends in 1879 was £109,038; whilst in 1830 it ammounted to £130,759. Satis- factory ao this is, it is still more so to know that the present indications point to still more suc- cessful result for the New Year. Several com- panies on the New Otium, Snob's Hill, and G. G. lines have excellent prospects and we hope very soon to include them amongst dividend, paying companies. THE DAMS IN THE UPPER RESERVE.— Nearly every afternoon a large number of children con- gregate around the dams in the Upper Reserve for the purpose of crayfishing. Many of the children are of very tender years, and several narrow escapes from drowning have been re- ported. In some places the water near the edge is very deep. The police instead intend to make an effort to prevent young children being allowed crayfish in consequence of the danger they encounter, and parents would do well to see that their youngsters are accompanied by those capable of exercising proper control over them. THE LATE MR. B. LAZARUS' WILL.—With reference to the will of the late Mr. B. Lazarus a statement has been published to the effect that by the terms of the will the real and personal estate of the deceased gentleman had been left to his great grand-children none of whom are at present in existence, and that his living relations were allowed the interest merely. It is difficult to under stand how this absurd story over got into print, but we may say that the estate will be divided amongst the members of Mr. Lazarus' family, who will receive their portions as they become of age. The estate has not yet been valued, and the statement that Mr. Lazarus' wealth repre- sented a quarter of a million is about as accurate probably as the other. A GRACEFUL COMPLIMENT.— Last night, a compliment of a graceful nature was paid to Miss Pomeroy, who is at present performing at tho Royal Princess Theatre. She was serenaded at midnight by Northcott's Volunteer band, who played a number of excellent selections in the balcony of the Shamrock. She gracefully acknowledged the honor, and afterwards enter- tained the band. WARDEN'S COURT. — Owing to the absence of Mr. Warden Webster, no business was trans- acted at the Warden's Court yesterday. TRAFFIC RETURNS.— The Victorian Railways traffic returns for the week ending 23rd Dec., show the following results, the number of miles open being 1.186, as against 1,111 for the corres- ponding period of 1879 :— No. of passengers— 1879, 109,144; 1880, 86,395. Total returns for week ending 23rd Dec., £30,709 7s 10d; for the corresponding week, 1879, £34, 578 13s 8d. Aggregate to date from 1st July, £646,449 18s 3d; for corresponding period in 1879, £607,306 Os lid. Weekly average (25 weeks)-18S0, £25,457 19s 11d: 1879. £24,292 42 10s, LAWN TENNIS.— A match at lawn tennis was played on the M. C. C. ground on Thursday afternoon, between four gentlemen from Sand- hurst and four Melbourne players. The first match was by Messrs F. Macoboy and Cordner, (Sandhurst) against Messrs. R. Barton and E. Mackenzie (Melbourne). The Melbourne players (we learn from the Argus) won the first set by eight games to three, and the second set by six games to one. The second match was between Messrs C. L. Smith and O. C. Williams (Sand- hurst) against Messrs, A. F. Robinson and F. Highett (Melbourne). The last-named gentle- men won the match by six games to live in the first set, and by six games to four in the second set. These matches, which were played on the grass, were decided by winning the best out of three sets. MONEY ORDER OFFICE AT GOORNONG.— Mr. H. McGoll, M.L.A., waited upon the Deputy Postmaster General yesterday (our Melbourne correspondent informs us) to ask for the estab- lishment of a money order office at Goornong, and obtained a promise that one should be supplied. PICNIC AT MILLER'S FLAT.— On Thursday the annual picnic organised by the Messrs. Crameri was held at the above place, and despite the excessive heat some 500 persons assembled, and appeared to thoroughly enjoy the day's outing. All kinds of games were indulged in, and the votaries of dancing tripped it merrily to the excellent music provided by Messrs. Foster and Alger. A distribution of prizes was also made to the children attending the local State School. A fund had been raised by general subscription, and books, work-boxes, boys, etc., purchased in sufficient numbers for each scholar, fifty-five in num- ber, to obtain a memento of their holiday. A rather novel plan was adopted for the distribu- tion. Instead of the prizes being given accor- ding to merit, they were numbered, art union fashion, and tickets were placed in a bag, each pupil drawing a numbered ticket and obtaining the article bearing the corresponding number. The plan originated with the head teacher, Mr. Moran, and gave general satisfaction, and did away with anything like favoritism. During the afternoon Mr. Moran canvassed amongst the picnicers in aid of the Bendigo Hospital and was fairly successful. In the evening a dance was held at Crameri's Hotel, which was largely attended , and kept up until au early hour bringing the festivities to a successful termina- tion. CITY COUNCIL.— There was no meeting of the City Council yesterday, most of the city coun- cillors being absent from town. A WAGES CASE.— A plaintiff in a case at the Police Court yesterday, named Malone, created considerable amusement for the spectators. He appeared in a debt case against Mr. Andrew O'Keefe, claiming £3 3s 4d, an wages due to him. It appeared that Malone left Mr. O'Keefe before fulfilling the terms of a verbal agreement which was entered into at his engagement. The plaintiff was extremely deaf, and Mr. Rymer, who appeared for the defendant, had great diffi- culty in making himself heard, although he spoke within a few inches of Malone's face. Malone's failing in hearing seemed to have lent additional strength to his tongue, for it was al- most impossible to check it when once under- way, and while O'Keefe was relating the terms of his agreement he was all the time bewailing his inability to hear what was being said against him. The bench ultimately ruled that although Malone had not fulfilled the terms of his agree- ment with Mr. O'Keefe, he was nevertheless entitled to something for his services, and gave a verdict for 35s, and 5s costs. GUN ACCIDENTS.— Our travelling reporter says:— An accident happened this week to Mr. E. Robertson, of Serpentine. He was out shooting, when the gun, an old double-barrelled one, burst in his hand and severely lacerated his wrist. His companions had a narrow escape. The same day, on the Terricks Plain, a man, whose name I did not learn, had his left hand blown all to pieces in a similar manner. NEW YEAR'S EVE.— The exit of the old year and the entry of the new one was as usual marked in Sandhurst by all the various observances inci- dental to the occasion. During the evening the city were an aspect of unusual activity and life, and the various business establishments which kept open up to a late our in the night ap- peared to do an immense trade, of which those where fancy articles were to be obtained secured a great share. The Mall and principal thorough- fares were thronged with people, amongst whom many strangers were noticeable. Shortly before midnight congregations assembled in All Saints', St. Paul's, the Wesleyan church, and various other places o! worship, where the usual watch night services were held. The entry of the new year was as usual heralded in the most noisy manner, the clanging of bells and various bands of musicians all serving to thoroughly arouse the city to the birth of the new period of time, and it was far into the morning before the usual quiet of night again reigned supreme. DEATH AT BOORT.— Our travelling reporter says: — On Wednesday night Mrs. Crosse, wife of the well-known storekeeper at Boort, died after a short illness of inflammation of the lungs. The deceased was quite young, and leaves two little children. She was formerly a resident of Ballarat. SUPPOSED INCENDIARISM.—Our travelling re- porter says:— There is not the slightest doubt that the fire which recently destroyed the State school at Woosang, near Wedderburn, is the re- sult of incendiarism. The school was dis- covered to be on fire first, and while some per- sons were endeavouring to save what they could four distinct fires were seen to start in the bush, each one being at least two hundred yards from the other. It it is to be hoped the miscreants will soon be brought to justice. OLD OFFENDERS.— A woman named Catherine Shore, who has become famous for her nume- rous appearances at the Police Court appeared once more yesterday, on the charge of having been drunk and disorderly. The bench displayed an unwillinguess to send her to prison, however, and she was vehement in her expressions of gratitude, wishing the presiding magistrates a happy new year and God's blessing. Another old offender, named Johnson, was sent to gaol for thrree months for vagrancy. Sergeant Webb expressed his conviction that the woman was slightly imbecile. She had no place of abode and it would be a charity to have her confined in some asylum. On receiving her sentence the prisoner seemed perfectly satisfied. THE ILLUSTRATED JOURNALS.— The special Christmas number of the Illustrated Australian News is an excellent one, and two supplements are issued with it, one being a finely executed chrome-lithograph, from a special painting by J. W. Curtis, entitled "The Teamster's Christ- mas Eve," The other supplement contains ??? engravings of Christmas incidents bearing ???; also an original Australian story, pictures in the title of "Wilful Woman." The ??? ordinary sheet are interesting and well drawn, the principal one being "Naughty Pussy." The name is inserted in an em- bellished cover, and ??? The Australian News enjoy a large circu- lation. ??? commences a new volume with the current number. The illustrations given are, as usual interesting and attractive. They comprise — "Boxing Day in Survey Paddock;" "A Festivity at the Mel- bourne Town Hall; Visitors Arriving: (full "age) . "The late Sir George Kingston, of South Australia;" "Goolwa, South Australia;" "The Christmas Pantomimes at the Theatre Royal and the Bijou Theatre" (full page) "The Westport Colliery Works, New Zealand" (full page); "Christmas Eve at the Railway Station;" "Melbourne and International Exhibition — the Fiji Court;" and "Yachts under sail in Port Phillip Bay " (full page). DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRE. — The Maryborough correspondent pf the Argus reports that a large bush-fire was raging at 1 p.m. on Thursday almost a mile and a half from Avoca. It com- menced in Mr. Morrich's paddock, where it burned the grass and fencing. From thence it spread to Mr. Buhlert's and afterwards to Kaye's where strenuous exertions were being made to stay its further progress. The conflagration in regard is a serious one, and likely to menace Avoca. The number of drawing masters in connection with the education of State school scholars has been reduced by the Minister of Education from 14 to 6. 