LEIGH ROAD. ' special reporter " geelong times," jan. 20.) \- The dreadful heat of yesterday, accom panied as it was by such a high hot wind, V>«.k been very disastrous to many residents of Leigh road and the surrounding country. Never has such excitement prevailed before in this little township as presented itself yester day, for never in the recollection of any of the oldest residents has the tojvnship been threatened with such imminent danger of being destroyed. About half-past 9 o'clock in the morning Constable Kennedy was engaged doing some work in the hade yard of his premises, which face to the west ward. He noticed a dense volume of smoke issuing from the direction of Lethbridge, and as tne y a.m. tram to rmuarat xiau just passed up previously, he at once came to the conclusion that a spark from the engine ; had set the grass on fire. He proceeded to ; the rising ground near the railway line, and i at once saw that, a large bush-fire was raging 1 about a mife from Lethbridge and six miles I from Leigh road. He immediately rushed j back and gave warning to the inhabitants, j and then saddled his horse, and accompanied j by a young man named Julijis Moreillon, rode towards the coming conflagration in order to render every assistance to, those per sons who were residing "in a line with the fire, and near whom it would have to pass. The wind was blowing from the north west, and was a full gale. He ascertained that the fire first originated in the paddock of a man named Capron, being caused, as he first surmised, by a spark from the engine of the 9 a.m; train. It swept down with terrific velocity at the rate of sixteen miles an hour, to Leigh road, the flames reaching a height of about 12ft. The first homestead they encountered was that of an aged widow woman named Brady, which is situated about five miles from Leigh road, and consists of two rooms. The woman had barely time to escape from the raging element, and her house, outhou«es, and fencing were soon demolished, not a trace being left of her pre vious home. Fowls were caught by the flames and roasted alive; and hares and sheep were to be sdfen scampering in all directions out of the way of the fire. It still came unopposed, burning down hundreds oi fences, until it reached the homestead of a contractor named Broadhead. Happily, the dwelling house was surrounded by a large stone wall, which prevented the flames coming near the house. The stables, fencing, and piggeries of this place, situated outside the stone wall, were burnt to the ground. The residence of a man named Mulligan was the next to be attacked, and by great exertions the house was saved, but the piggeries, hedges, and fencing were destroyed. This was the last homestead that came in the way of the conflagration, which carried all before it in the direction of Leigh road. Constable Kennedy, seeing that his services were no longer required in the vicinity of where the fire originated, endeavoured by hard riding to head the flames and reach Leigh Road before them. This he failed to do, however, and when he got to the latter placeLthe flames had reached the properly of j Mr. P. Wall, which is situated about 200 ! varda in a snnth.weRterlv direction 'from the police barracks. At the rear of the house there is a large dam, and from this Mrs. Wall carried the water to Mr. Wall, who saturated the grass round the house. He had hardly done this when the fire rushed past the rear of the honse, ahd caught a stack of hay containing 10 tons, and a. stack of oats containing about 12 tons, the two being valued at £30. These were burnt, and the fencing round the dwelling was also destroyed. The fire reached to within a few yards of the house, but the water previously thrown on Hie grass had the effect of stopping its further progress. Mr. Wall estimates his loss at £800. About 308 acres of grass were burned, a large quantity of fencing was destroyed, and he has also lost some sheep. The fencing of the pound was charred, but that enclosing the paddock was destroyed. The wind at this juncture ap peared to veer a little more to the westward, for the flames careened in the direction of the police barracks, and threatened to destroy that Dlace. The fire was immenselv fierce, owmer to V " V the wind, and with the greatest difficulty it was kept off the most valuable properly. Several -times it took hold of the police barracks, and at times their destruction seemed almost inevitable. The hedging and fencing at the rear of the house took fire several times, and on two or three occasions the flames reached the kitchen door. The inhabitants were fully aware of the danger that attended the whole township if the constable's residence took fixe, from the fact that the building is com- j posed of inflammable material, and is situated \ at the back of the township, and directly opposite a stack of hay standing in the yard of Moreillon's hotel. Every man, woman, and child turned out to endeavour to check the flames, and assist in carrying out the furni ture. The married women armed themselves with bags andbranches,and ably aided the men, whilst the young ladies did serviceable work in carrying pails of water from the various dams and wells near the township. At one time the flames -had got such a hold of a portion of the fencing that it was thought the stabling would catch, and for some time ' all present had to work their hardest. In the meantime, some of the inhabitants still fearing the de struction of the whole township, set. about removing their furniture, and the road opposite the Railway hotel was strewed with furniture, whilst the railway station was filled with every imaginable article. Alter a j hard fight the fire was extinguished in the j vicinity of the constable's residence, and, attention was diverted to prevent the flames ' readhflSg the properties of Mrs. Carpenter, ibid Messrs. Craig, Farley, mid Meakin. These are situated about 100 yards South of the barracks, and directly opposite the read leading past the shire-hall to the bridge over - Brace's Creek. At the time the flanfes reached i Mrs. Carpenter's house, she was Washing a little child, and without waiting to . see if the flames wbuld come right up to her house, she rushed up the road to Moreillon's hotel with the naked j babe in her arms, and deposited it in safety, j The fire, however, did not- do much damage to the properties, of the above mentioned parties. The wind subsequently changed to the north-east, and drove the fire from the I township in the direction of Brace's Creek, near which Mr. Pilloud's paddocks are situated. In these thirty acres of grass were destroyed, and the fire having reached the creek, could not proceed further, and burnt ; itself out. It was indeed a fortunate thing that the wind changed, for notwithstanding the fact that the fire had been extinguished near the township, there was danger to fear from the sparks of the trees, several of which were blazing when our reporter left last night. Nearly the whole of the inhabitants will he losers by the affair, as several articles of furniture were smashed' in their transit from the houses. All danger was past at 12 o'clock, and the whole township during the progress of the fire was the scene of the wildest excitement. Constable Kennedy, fiPJinor t.lmt fhp fir a ms in nlnso nr/vrimifv fcn ,,wm rv v his house, removed the court papers to a place.of security, and also removed the horse, saddle, and bridle to Mr. Amiet's. The railway station for some time was full of people, who had taken shelter there from the rage of the flames and heat. In the afternoon the Bail- way Department sent a number of men up to Leigh Road by train td assist in checking the fire in the evening, but, as already stated, the fire was extinguished, and their services were therefore not required. The whole of the township was enveloped in smoke, and the State school had become so full of smoke that the head-master, Mr. Flynn, deemed it advisable to dismiss the school. Great credit is due to Constable Kennedy, Messrs. Moreillon (2), Kiddle, Kenny, Wall, the Kelly Brothers, Hussey, Walton, and in fact the whole of the inhabitants, for their un- j tiring exertions to stay the progress of the I fire, which at one time threatened with des- 1 traction a rising and prosperous township. | As already stated, several trees were blazing j about half a mile from the township when our reporter left, and a party had left to ex tinguish them. Constable Kennedy and other inhabitants intended stopping up all night to watch the smouldering embers. 