ALBURY. (from own our correspondent. 1 Monday. Mrs Eliza Pankhurst, of Maliengaudra, a very old resident of the district, died on Friday last at her residence. The funeral of the deceased lady took place yesterday, and was followed to the Albury cemetery by a numerous cortege of buggies and Horsemen. At a meeting of the committee of the railway demonstration a letter was read from His Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus, regretting his inability to attend the opening, as the state of his health would not permit of the journey. A tele gram was also read from Mr G. Day, M.P., slating that he had arranged with the Minister of Railways, in Melbourne, to give a free pass to all persons taking tickets in Melbourne, for the ball to he held at the opening demonstration in Albury. A bush-fire is now raging on the How- long- road. The most of McLennan's paddocks have been burnt, and tbe fire is now going towards the Nailcan Hill. On Saturday it had burnt down to the road opposite Reeve's mill. The heaviest sessions Albury has had for seme time will take place on the 14th of February ; there being about 20 pri soners awaiting their trial. A cricket match took place on Saturday on the Albury Cricket Reserve between the first eleven of Albury and of the Green Hills, which resulted in the Victorians being beaten in one innings and 90 runs. For Albury C. Dight (captain) made 2S, Heath 35, and Dawson 40 (not out). Al together Albury displayed some of its old form, as the cricket all round was very good. The fielding of the visitors was loose ; and J. Woodlands, who was tho only double-figure man, made 13 by careful play. Whatever show the Green Hills may have against the second eleven, the' have none against the first eleven. The following are the scores : — Albury. Mackay, b Woodlands 2 C. Dight (capt.), b Woodlands 2S Warden, e Bidstrup, b Woodlands ... 2 F. Heath, b Sutton 35 Allan, l.b w, b Goodyer 3 Buggy, b Woodlands 0 Steel, b Woodlands 13 Dawson, not out 4.0 Morgan, hit wicket 5 Farnell, b Woodlands 7 Houlahan, b Goodyer 11 Sundries ; 10 162 Green Hills. — First iunings. J. Sutton, c Farnell, b Warden 0 T. Sutton, c Farnell, b Dawson 8 F. Aitkin, b Warden Q J. Woodlands, run out 13 E. Aitkin, c Houlahan, b Warden 1 P . Cox, c Mackay, b Dawson S McCaffin, c Farnell, b Dawson ......... 0 Bidstrup, c Warden, b Dawson 0 Goodyer, not out 2 C. Woodlands, b Dawson 2 Grimes, b Dawson..; q Sundries 4 38 Second innings. C. Woodlands, b Houlahan..... 0 Goodyer, hit wicket q J. Woodlands, c Morgan, b Houlahan 4 Cox, b Dight q Bidstrup, c Farnell, b Houlahan 3 E. Aitkin, b Dight " 1 F. Aitkin, run out.. McCaffin, c Morgan, b Dight.'."."""" T. Sutton, b Houlahan 4 J. Sutton, b Dight 5 Grimes, not out 1 Sundries..!. ......."". 2 34 following cases were received into the Albury Hospital on Saturday :— Thos. Harris, while making hay near Bungil, with severe injuries in the abdomen, caused by. the handle of a hay-fork striking him. William Kelly, of Little -Dillabong, wifcluan abscess in the thigh caused from injuries received by a kick from a horse. William Arden, from lemora, found by tbe police lying in the street suffering from rheumatic0 fever. Ann Hunt, 54 years of age. suffering from bruises and injuries., the result of ill- treatment of her husband some two or I thiee months ago, This patient stated j that she had been in service for 40 years. Some time ago she married a blackfellow employed on the same station that she was on. With her hard earned money she in duced him to take up a selection near Germanton. One day he came home drunk, and burned the house to the ground, and inflicted severe injuries on her, which have resulted in her becoming an inmate of the institution. 