t6T7EEWSli-!IW>: Fiid áy, October 21. J The appointment of Mr. Thomas Archer is con- firmed ns Agent-General in London. Miss Cosgrove, sister to Mra. Lennon, of the Imperial Hotel, mot with a serious accident yes- terday. She was in the act of mounting a horse¿ when the animal swerved and fell with groat force on the lady, breaking her leg above the ankle very badly ; also causing a severe shock to her system. She is* progressing favourably. Mr. Palmer, Colonial Secretary, leaves for Sydney in tho beginning of next week. George M'Evoy, employed in dredging at the Dry Dock, caught his leg in tho apparatus on the left hip, smashing the bone badly and tearing tho flesh. He was removed to tho hospital. A great fire occurred at "Wilson and Hart'B saw mills, Maryborough, last night. The engine room, Baw mill, and planing shed wero complotoly burned, also 120,000ft timber roady for shipment. It was insured for ¿84000 in the Lion oilico. Tho damage is estimated at ¿810,000. Thirty men are , thrown out of employment by tho fire. Two Kanakas were found near Springsure with their heads nearly severed from their oodles by o. tomahawk. TAO murderer is another Kanaka*. who ran away with a gun belonging to one of the ; murdered, men. The murderer is hiding in a scrub, and the police are in pursuit. Saturday, October 22, The" Courier" strongly approves of the paten*, tion of the Chamber of Commerce to establish an Exchange in Brisbane. . ;, The Premier and wifeleft last night for Bunda- ... berg and "Rockhampton. Mr. Griffith, the leader; of the Opposition, travelled in tho same stearne* as far as Maryborough. Mr. Griffith visits tba" west durinc the Christmas holidays. The " Gazette" orders the arrest of half-caste children about the colony, in order that they may be educated. They are to be treated as neglected children under the Industrial and Reformatory Schools Act. Monday, October 24. The Mendelsshon Quintette Club had a most enthusiastic audienco at the Albert Hall on Saturday. They have thoroughly hit the publie taste. * There was a Buccesful performance of Macbeth by Mr. Dewhurst at the Theatre Royal. The Governor bad a telegram from Admiral' Clanwilliam from Yokohama, dated 23rd Octobery stating the detached squadron arrived there oní the 21st all weU. The immigrants by the R.M.S. Almora are. tc bo landed at the Northern ports without quaran-'' tine, not withstanding they had typhoid, and those , for Cooktown are to be sent back by the first steamer. ; > There is a tremendous bushfire around Ipswich,/ also in tho neighbourhood of Brisbane. The " Observer" this morning contains a strong? apology for the alleged libel against Mr. William. Hemmant, which they pub.ished some time ago," and also offer to give £100 to tho Girls' Grammorc School, and to publish the apology in any papers required. It ia thought here that the apology: wilt be accepted, and that probably this is the best thing the " Observer" could do. Tuesday, October 95; ? : A little hoy named Holmes, six years old; while* sitting on Campbell's Wharf yesterday afternoon,? was run over by a trolly. The child was carried; home insensible, and died almost itu mediately. "' I Raia is now fal'ing, and looks like a continu-' ance. It is very badly wanted, as a large portion of the colony is on fire. '.A Te:egraphic communication in tho north has" been greatly impeded by buehfires. The MendelsEohn Quintette had n good house again last nicht, and are highly appreciated. ; %' Not much is doing yet in the way of gallops afr Eagle Farm Course. Paeha did good work.; Moorlad did not please the touts. .: ï The Government Printing Office Annual Picnic to the Bay was a great success yesterday. <K':'X Over 550 persons visited the museum on Sunday» Wednesday,'October 26. - -. Tho Mayor of Rockhampton gives a banquet to the Premier on Friday, and 150 are invited. Good rain fell yesterday in many parts! of the colony. Turee and. a half inches fell at Stanthorpe in four hours, and was the heaviest thunderstorm for years. '?< Mr. Theodore Unmaok wa3 installed Provincial Grand Master of the Irish Constitution pf Masons in tho Albert Hall yesternight. Af ter his installation there .waa a banquet on the stage. The sale of unexpired leases of runs yesterday1 realised good prices. . ..;' - ?'?'>" . ?i"[t Captain Brooks, formerly in the A.SiN. Cd/fl' &ervice;, died at Tambo of consumption on -Moil-' day; . .. ' Tho immigrants by the Carnatic arrived afr* the' depot yesterday afternoon. ?;ix'-';m \ ; The Palmerston prospecting party have arrived' at Port Douglas, and report poor results. :!;° ' The Postmaster-General and Minister for Landa' left for Sydney yesterday. , ; . At the Police Court to-day, Dr. J. R. Joseph was charged with the manslaughter of Alice Robertá Monis, by attending- her in confinement on the same day as he attended a woman suffering from puerperal peritonitis. The case is not yet con- cluded. . . » \- Thursday, October 27¿ The Premier arrived at Bundaberg on Monday^ and was met by a large number of residents. H» attended a picnio yesterday up the line and a; banquet in the evening, and was well received by1 all classes. He goes to Rockhampton to-day. :' It rained again here last night, and is still threatening. ' '?' Tho Mendelssohn Quintette Club are success- ful. , Wilson's Circus leaves this morning; by? .".the/ steamer Victoria for Sydney. .. .? / L.Î Tho charge against Dr. Josephs was dismissed at the police court yesterday. <.'.. 1 i\,''J ,!\ Tho Q.T.C. races aro exciting very little,' interest. '^' .. ?'. ¿'..'.P' **..?» 