r News and Notes. C We feel it our duty to call attention r to the New Davis Vertical Feed l Sewing Machine, which has carried I off the only first jirizo at the Mel- r bourne International Exhibition. \ some or tne competitors, nowevcr, ( were not satisfied with the awards, / and protested. The Experts, how- S ever, upheld the decision and gave f the first prize for their Family Ma- ) chine and the same for Hand. Messrs \ W. F. Dixon and Co., of 87 Elizabeth f street, are the sole agents, and in- / tending purchasers and those intcrest- \ ed would do well to call and inspect these singularly-successful machines. ' Matrimony. — Never were sucli ) great advantages held out to young people te marry as the present. A ' comfortable house may be furnished I for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simnly calling upon ' Mr Henry Marks, ef 186 Elizabeth i street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week 1 out of your earnings, and he will give I yon in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why 1 delay ? Go and sec Mr H. Marks and I get married at once. Mr W. R. Furlong notifies that he has removed his music studio to I those handsome premises situate near Russell-street in Latiobe-street, where I there is a large hall and every con- I venience for students of the vocal art. | I Attention is directed to the pros- . pectus of Bridges' art-union, published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis- I tribution of prizes, from £1000 down . to £20 in- value. - Speculators cannot do better than invest in this legitimate I affair. : < Gkm Portraits.— The young lady who, while out sketching near Lome, l was burned to death by a bushfire, has . since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the i remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- 1 street east, opposite Ago Office, has i since recognised the portrait as one that was taken ait his studio about a ! month ago. i We have received a sample of a new non-alcohic. beverage, entitled 1 "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, I cordial manufacturer. It is'a pleasant sparkling' drink, and is highly re- 1 commended by Mr Johnson, Govern- ! ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage. ' It should prove a very desideratum to the teetotal community especially. The attention of pur lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kiltin'g" and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, Which are on sale at the same depot. A Fortune for Ten Shillings.— We would direct the attention of our readers, to the valuable prizes offered by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union, the drawing for which is positively fixed for the 3 1st inst, The published list of gentlemen who have kindly consented to superintend the drawing is a sufficient guarantee to the public that everything will be carried out on the great Masonic Principle — " on the square." To those who believe in the ' old proverb — Nothing venture no- i thing have— should lose no time in securing their tickets, which may be 1 had at the office, next Royal Mail i Hotel, Bourke-street east, . We have received a copy of a new pamphlet called " Pagliano, Medicine for Fathers of Families, er everyone his own and Children's Doctor." It emanates from Florence, Italy, where Professor Girolamo Pagliano has written the book to relieve the human race, and instruct the people in prac tical medicine. With his Pagliano Herbal Syrup he treats the blood, and so aims at the root of disease. A number of testimonials are. given from sufferers who have benefitted by this remedy. This truly marvellous medi cine can he had from Mr Evans, Chemist, Evaus' Medical Hall, 92 Stephen-street. Mr Evans has im ported the medicine direct from Pro fessor Girolamo Pagliano's establish ment, Florence, The books of in struction arc published in English, at the express wish of Mr D. Evans, the only ones impelled here in that lan guage — Price with pamphlet 6s. or stamps by letter, address D, Evans, Evans' Medical Hall, Stephen-street. Mr Evans has received an Invoice of No 1 Triesmar (by royal letters patent of England). This celebrated Medi cine is in the form of n Lozenge, and rb a sovereign Remedy for all Ner vous Disorders has proved a great success. The following testimonial to the efficacy of Hood's Corn Solvent will be read with interest by those who suffer and do not know where to find relief forithe troublesome complaint of corns : — " Sir — Being severely tried by a large and most troublesome corn on the top of one of my toes for more than forty years, and having had it twice pretended to be taken out, and I have often tried other means to dissolve our union, but all in vain. I was at length induced by your recom mendation to try " Hood's Corn Sol vent," which, I am happy to say, in five days from its being first applied, enabled me most successfully to triumph over my unwelcome com panion ; to get rid of which I have several times had serious thoughts of having the toe amputated. I am now, after waiting ten or twelve months to see if he would return, entirely free from all pain it occasioned, as well as any appearance of its return. I have recommended it to some of my family .and friends, who have been equally successful in removing these old and troublesome intruders. You have my full sanction to use this as you please, for I consider the Solvent to be a great boon and a sure and safe remedy for corns, if properly applied the full time and in the manner prescribed. — I re main yours respectfully, H, W, Morti mer. To Mr M'Knight, Chemist, Rich mond." 