CASE or ScoSasOnE .nD CrnE.-On the 18th instant a man named Michael Mahon, in the em ploy of 3Ir. C. lRoberts of Maylfield, was brought into tihe Goulburn hospital suffering from a severe attack of sunstroke. For some days he was wandering in his mind; but under the care of Drs. Gentle and Morton he has now recovered. The main features of the treatment were the application of ice to the head and mustard poultices to the base of the skull. Tin GovrLncns HOSPITrL.-The annual meeting of this institution takes place at seven o'clock this evening at the mechanics' institute. The report will no doubt place the financial position of tihe hospital, which it is understood is not so satisfactory as could be wished, fully before the public, and a full attend ance is desirable. We are requested by Mfr. S. Adam, the superintendent, to state that there is no foundation whatever for the report that he had rc signed his appointment. THE DESICCATING-HOUSE, GLErE ISLA.D.-The last issue of the Illustrated Sydney News contains an engraving of tile desiccating.h-ouse at the Glebe Island abattoirs, withll a description of the process now in use for the disposal of the refuse from tllhat establishment. Various attempts have been made from time to time to dispose of the blood and offal in such a manuner as should prevent the injorious consequcnces arising from casting them into the harbour or sea. The success of the various cx periments hoowever was not great. Ilecently a machineu has been patented by Mr. James IMe Govern which appears calculated to remove the difficulty, and to convert what has been a source of danger into na vamluable manure. In its concluding remarks tile News says : -" The nmaterianl when taken from Mie Govern's machine presents, in the case of the offal, a very fine, dark, snuff-like substance, the blood resembling fluely-ground coffee in appearance. Both form rich and valuable manures, far superior to any of the artificial articles now in the market. The government intend disposing of the whole of theo offal from the Glebe Island abattoirs by this method, which is capable of introduction into every part of the colony, the cost being purely nominal considering the sanitary and other results obtainable. Measured by the latter standard, the success of the process entitles MIr. dames Mc Govern to be regarded as a public benefactor." It may be observed that a process of this kind, once sulccessful in an establish ment like the abattoirs, will probably be extended in many directions, and is likely to have an import ant bearing upon one of the most diflicult questions of modern times-the profitable disposal of the refuse an.l sewerage of cities and towns. It is creditable that a native of our own city should have contribluted so materially to make such a result practicable. GoULaons VoLrsurrn INrA.sny.--On Thursday last thlirteen recruits were exasmined by Adjutant Norris, and passed into the ranks of this force. Bunea Accost..--Late on Saturday evening Dr. Carroll's buggy camse into collision with a spring-cart near Watson's in Auburn-street. The shaft of the buggy was broken, but fortunately no person was injured. The cause of the accident was the absence of lights on the vehicles. TirE IlBoaons Con.?c , held a pecal'mareeting to. day. Presnt-the Mayor, and Aldermen Caldwell. Hanwkins, Clifford, Taylor, Martin and Wardle. The first busineas was the revieion of the municipal list for 1881.2. Eight persons claimed the insertion of their names on the roll, and the claims were admitted. The report of the improvement committee was then received and considered. The report stated that the contractor for the work in Clinton.streot had done nothing since last report. No action was taken. The construction of bridges leading into -Mr. Hawkins's property and Mr. C. Thomaso prermises was recommended and approved on condition of the parties finding the timber. The kerbing and gottering at Mr. Ilc Govern's in Clinton- street was agreed to on condition that the trostees of the Catholic building have the kerbing and guttering done there. In reference to the town common, it was resolved that' carters should be allowed to remove gravel upon paying a license at the rate of £20 per annum ft.r a single-horse dray and £30 for a two-horse dray ; and that nolicense be granted for a less period than one calendar month. Bsn-rmtas.--Large volumes of smoke were visible from the city on Saturday and Sunday, indicating extensive fires to4he southward. There were fires in vairions directionsabont Tarago, andat Inveraloesy a large extent of grass was burnt and the buildings atone time were in some danger. There was alo a large fire in Mr. Gibson's paddock. The fire at the Ran of Water, previously reported, destroyed much grass and fencing, and the house of Mr. Clark was saved with some dlficalty. We hear that the Hon. James Chisholm has had about a thousand acres of grass and several miles of fencing destroyed. Although much grass and fencing has been destroyed iidfrauit r lowni off, the district has fortunately escaped any serioans calamity. Thereare now svtrong indications of an approaching change, which will put a stop to fires and cause the pastures to spring up anew. This afternoon there was thunder, with a slight fall of rain. Paowrsrsox.-Ix aEnCouGiLAx.--On Friday last in the supreme court,. before ;his Honor Judge Faucett, in the matter of Daniel Coughan, an application was made for a writ of prohibition to be directed to the police-magistrate of Goulburn and Senior-sergoant Fenton, restraining them from proceeding further in the conviction in which Conghlan was charged with stealing fruit and was ordered to be sent on board the Vernon. The application was granted and Coughlan's diseharce ordered. Mr. C. B. Stephen, instructed by Mr. Betts, appeared for Coughlan; and Mr. Pitclairn, instructedl by the crown.solicitor, appeared for the police magistrate. POUNDnEEEPEs.--LMr. George Schlasadt of Bobert son, district of Berrima, has been appointed pound keeper at lobertson.-Willsm Heury Johnson has been appointed poundkeeper at Araluen, vice Edward STackson, resigned. P?-iTEaES AND SToCr PoOTECrIos Ace, 1800. Toe board of directors for the district of Young, act ing under the abovenamed act, has fixed the scale of prices which the board is prepared to pay as bonuses for the scalps of the following noxious animals, namely :--For the scalp of every kangaroo, wallaroo, wallaby. paddamelon, and rabbit, Id. each:; for the scalp of every nativeC-dog, £1.l The board of directors for the above district have also made a rate of' five shillings per hundred large stock (horses and cattle), and one shilling per hundred sheep, upon the number of large stock and sheep in the district. BLAnmnILa Brsa-Fine .r. Tcear.-A bush-fire mady miles in extent was burning furiously on Thursday on the south.west of Tumut, coming towards the town before a terribly hot wind. All business was suspended, the t occupied in endeavouring to Eave their property. Several parties on the outskirts were burnt out. Only for a change in the wind, nothing could have been saved. SoUIrn GUNDAG.I COMafeN. - Messrs. .Samuel Wells, William Cooper, William Barton, George King, and William Fuller senior have been appointed trustees of the South Gandagai eommos. Tunr POLCE- MAGISTATE OF DBnno.--On Thurs day we received a telegram from Mr. W. E. Plun bett, under-secretary for justice, announcing that Mr. T. A. Browne, P.M1. of Gulgong, had been appointed to Dobbo. Mr. Browne will be an nacqui sition to Dubbo. His high literary talents have long been acknowledged. As a contributor to the colonial press, under the signature of Bolf Boldre wood, and as an occasional contributor to the Cornhill and otherEnglish magazines, he has acquired much fame. He is the author of Squatter's Dream and Miner's 1ight, which appeared in one of the weeklies. As a magistrate, Mr. Browne has won general admiration by his impartial decisions. Dispatch. Tur COMMERCIAL BANsK AND THE DUnno BAIL wAY DEMroNSTsrrATION.-tr. James Holmes. masager of tho Dubbo branch of the Commercial Bank, has informed Mr. MSorgan, secretary of the railway demonstration committee, that the directors have sanctioned a subscription of £10 towards the fund. This liberal donation reflects the highest credit on the bank.-Dispatch. I:ceasrintsxr oT at FI6su I vEn.-On Saturday night last a fire occurred at the residence of Mrs. Hammond, Fish River, whereby a wheat-shed con tainng about a ihundread and fifty bushele of wheat and about .10 worth of fencing material were con. sumed. About 14 cwt. of fencing-wire was also des troyed. The fire quickly spread through two ad. joining paddocks, entirely consuming the grass therein, and is supposed to have been the work of an incendiary. Senior-sergeant Woods, accom panied by a black tracker, started for the scene of the fire on lIonday, and we understand that tmrcks were distinctly visible; but nothing further was elicited. Although the Hammond family may have their suspicions, still there is not sufficient evidence to point direct to anyone.-Carcoar Chronicle. DEATH FROM FRIGHT.-An instance of the tragic effects that may be produced by the insane practice of frightening those who easily become the subjects of alarm occurred recently near Bathurst. A young woman, who had only been ma-ried about five months, being at a house a short disthuce from home, some of her friends who were there played upon her fears by telling her that a large iguana was in thie road she would have to take to go home. She was in a delicate state of health, and the stories told to her preyed upon her mind to such a degree that she would not return by the road in question, but took a path across the paddocks, her mind intent on avoiding the dangers that had been conjured up in her imagination. On getting through a fence that lay in her way a hare suddenly jumped up in her face and frightened her so much in the state of nervous tension that had been induced that she lost all consciousness of how she reached home, and was so ill on arriving there that she took to her bed and in a day or two died.-Bathurst Times. A DESPERATE SWIM FOR LIFE.-There is now in the hospital at Couktown a patient named Chang Wakoo, a kanaka brought on by the Corca from one of thie Torres Straits islands, who is suffering from a spear-wound received in the following manner: He and seven other tanakas were pearl-fishing near Cape York, rhen, wishing to clear their boat of cockroaclhes, they sank her near the shore, them selves sitting on the beach. Without tie slightest warning of danger they were surrounded by a large body of natives, and had a perfect avalanche of spears launched at them. by which two were killed and three wounded. The whole of the survivors broke through their enemies and toolk to the water, occasionally diving until they were beyond thu reach of their enemies. After swimming about a mile one kanaka began to feel faint, and turned his course towards the shore, much against the advice of his comrades, who rested on the water to watch the denouement. The natives helped the poor wretch out of the water, and almost immediately waddled him. The remaining four then turned their faces seaward, in the direction of one of the many islands in the Straits, where they arrived next morning, having swum eight miles. Four poor fellows, two of them wounded and bleeding, swim ming for life eight miles through the darkness and the storm over a lonely sea, tells of courage and endurance in a despised race which should make us pause when singing pmans about the pluck and stamina of Anglo- Saxons.-Cooktown Herald. BESEFITS or LFE AssRnArCE.-A signal in stance of the vast benefits of life assurance in a community likte ours has recently been afforded by tire death of lMr. Joseph W. Sim of Parkes, who, on the 281th December last, was killed by a fall from his hIorse, at the early age of twenrty-three. Only a fortnighlt before his death thile deccased had insured hIis life for the sum of £501)0 in the Australian Ifutual Provident Society, through thie instrument ality of thcir travelling agent, Mr. E. lussell Daunt, aud had only just received hris policy when the acci dent occurred by which he was so suldenly and un expoctedly cut off. Delays are proverbially danger ous, and we would therefore urge upon every one, more especially such as have wives and families de pending on their exertions, the duty of at once pro viding for them by means of a life assasrance.- Forbes Times. TnsIsr?Iacosslnc QcAn.:art":iz Encre..5s s rot SnzrP.-There seems to be a marked difference of opinion between the chic inspec:ors of stock in the dierent Australian eo!onlies as to the lenbth of time during which sheep shoutl be oquarantined before inme allowve to leave one colony and enter another. Oar own chieu- inspeceor (Mr. Valentine) thiinks that from two to five deays ourantine, with one dipping, is all that is eccacery to prevent the introduction o,? s~ho sufferng trem scab. The chief-inspetors of New S;uth Wales and Queevnand, on the con tauy, hold that the sheep shoald be quarntined at least ten days ans dipod three times. We under stand Mr. V'alentine, inning reantas to the fact that there is now no Fsab in any of the colonies, intends to recommend that the quarantine on our side of the border be for the shorter period named, the utmost care of course being taken with sheep that have lately arrived from ports beyond the sea.-South Austra lian P.Register. CocEauE NvD Ecicaniecea' BT 7 ,sIstnai.--The present mail between Cobar and Louth is conveyed by a horseman, and great care has to be exercised in chioosing staunch animals that can bear thle long E~retch without water. The man Lk-t Thursday left Cobar. and by dint of grat exertion and senering by man and beast, the ground was covered to within tirty miles of Louth. Amidst the blazing of the sun the poor animal tottered from side to side, and at length comeletely overcome and dazed, sunk on its ree?ing side on the red hot sand. The man, sec in death staring him in the face, at first flung him self to the etrounnd in aronv of mind. In desperation he tuned hiis face to~nets Lounth, and feebly dragged along. but heroically remembering his duty he re turned and shouldered his mailbags. Two nights and one day did this hero fight against death, never loosening his hold on the bags until worn-out nature gave np. Then, fastening the bags on a tree, he once more faced the dusty monotonous road, and when found on Sunday morning he was crawling to wards the outskirts of the township. It was feared he was too far gone and would not be able to be moved, but the resident physician, Mr. Fearson, succeeded in conveying him to Mathew's hotel, where by Monday morninc he was pronounced out of danger. There is great credit due to the unforiu. nate man, who preferred weighting himself with a heary bag than tIo neglect his duty, and it should in some way be recognised by the postal anuthorities. Cobar Herald. Ssa.cs or Peorziar AT Branows.-- .r. H. an cock sold at auction on Friday, for the executors of the late Mr. P. H. Scott. Narra Allan station, with 7164 sheep and 23 head of cattle--purchasers, -essrs. James and Patrick Dwyer, for £4500. The price is considered very satisfactory.-Sixteen allot ments in the town of Burrows, containing eight and a half acres. realised £245 ti0- at auction on Tues. day last.-Burrowa News. SPBnS CnIcKEe.-Mr. Thomas Corbett of Cooma Creek, who lives near the railway-station macrked out by the officers who made the trial survey to Cooma, brought to our office on Thurday afternoon a feathered chicken with two distinct heads, a thick neck, and three eyes. His wife had set a clutch of fourteen eggs under a sitting hen, and all were incubated with the exception of one. This egg Mlrs. Corbett broke, discovering the curious chicken described above.-Manaro Mercury. A Sixnr.Tx Toern.-The following peculiar case is reported by the Evening News :-About a month ago a lad named Henry Urquhart, whose parents reside at Woollahbra, Esed from drowning a young man named Bums. When the lad got home his. father flogged him for being wet through, the boy snving nothing of the cause of his saturation. Some time after the lad lost his hat in the water, and re membering the castigation he had received for hstn tng his clothes wet, he stripped and swam after it. A lynn-eyed minion of the law pounced upon him and summoned him for bathing within view of a publie wharf. The case was heard on Wednesday morning at the water police court, and the cireum. stances being all explained, Urquhart was let off. TnE Ctnoo or run Pnolos.-General satisfaction was expressed (says the IMelbourne Argus) when it became known that the steamer Protos had arrived in England with her cargo of frozen meat in fine order. Our own cable medsage speaks of the ex periment as a "great success." Messr. Mtc Culloch, Sellar, and Co. received from their London house, Messrs. Leishman. Inglis, and Co., the following telegram dated 20th instant:--"Protos arrived. Heat in splendid condition; butter uncertain." Sir James McCulloch interprets the sentence "butter nncertain" to mean " butter not known." The meat would be easily reached and its condition ascertained, but the butter probably would not be unpacked on the moment of arrival. Definite information on this point will be awaited withl interest. There is every reason to believe that the frozen meat trade will now be entered upon with spirit, as the success of this shipment shows that nearly every steamer could have a portion of her hold space utilised for frozen cargo. The Australian Frozen Meat Export Company have never had any doubt of the result of the trip, and a few weeks ago they contracted with Messrs. Robinson Bros, and Co. for the manufacture of a machine which will freeze 1500 sheep in two days. Owing to the severe frost, there is a short supply of ment in the SLondon market. Australian meat is worth 7d. per tlb. A telegram elsewhere reports that the meat per Protos averaged 6&1\. per lb. WAGGA WAOOA,-On Friday the police received intelligence that a party of men smashed in the windowsa of the residence of Richard Hyde, Albury Road, seven miles from Wagga, at two o'clock this morning. They then proceeded to Mr. Harper's residence, broke his windows, then set fire to a hay. stack, and departed. Harper says he can identify them. The police are now in pursuit.-The infor mation brought into town on Friday as to the burn. ing of the Estella homestead was incorrect. The fire, which was an extensive one, was raging about the home pdddock, but was kept away from the house.-Four thousand acres of grass were des troyed by yesterday's fire at Gobbagumbalin. SUICIDE AT GUNDAGAI.—On Thursday a man named William More, engaged as a cook at Mr. W. K. Smith's Bongongo station, committed suicide by cutting his throat with a chisel. Deceased had been in Gundagai drinking for about twelve days, and on Sunday returned to the station, where he resumed his work and conducted himself in such a manner as not to give rise to the slightest suspicion that he contemplated self-destruction. On Wednesday even ing he prepared the tea as usual, and retired to rest at the ordinary hour, apparently in good health. On Thursday morning however he was found dead, with his throat cut, and a sharp chisel, with which he had evidently committed the rash deed, lying near him.—Times. Cancoan Hosrura.--The funds of the above in stitution have been considerably augmented by the generous donation of £20 from T. R. Icely Esq., which he made Drier to his departure from the dis. trict.-Chronicle. A terrible accident occurred on Thursday in the Great Southern Mine, Sandhurst. Two men were being lowered in a cage when the clutch of the drum broke, rendering the engine powerless. The cage ran down with great velocity. Two brothers, David and Thomas Clapperton, were killed. A party of Sydieyeaspitalists have taken un eighty acres of land at Tarrabandra, near Gundagai, for the purpose of opening up a slate-quarry. Mr. Thomas Bawden, late memberfor the Clarence, has been appointed an inspector of stock. Mr. Hughes, a hotelkeeper at Wellington, died last week from the effects of sunstroke. A poisonous fungua has been discovered in wheat grown by Mr. George Searle of Koolunga, South Australia. The seed is shrivelled and quite black. A man named Monacker has been found dead in the Tinonee cemetery. There was no evidence to shaow the cause of death. Deceased had assumed to be a reporter of a Sydney journal, and an artist and poet. An assay of ore from the Everton lead-mines, near Yass, gives: Silver, 7 oz. 8 dwt. I0 gr.; gold, 1 dwt. 5 gr.; lead, 47.89 per cent. It is said that during Christmas time £37,000 was spent on Christmas cards in Melbourne alone. Nearly tihe whole of the manufacturers of agricul. tulra implements exhibiting in Melbourne will show in Sydoney in April; and if some concessions can be obtained from the New South Wales railway authori ties, numbers of other exhibitors purpose visiting Sydney. SA show of grain on as extensive scale will be held in connection with the MIelbourne exhibition on the 3rd, 4th, and 5th of March, and circulars have been sent from the office of the New South Wales com mission in Sydney inviting the co-operation of those who are interested in the grain-producing in dustry. The tender of Mr. Proudfoot of New Zealhnd has been accepted for thie construction of the railway cx tension from Umll to Glen Innes. A sad accident occurred at Windsor on Thursday evening. Richard Wall, a farmer residing on the Lower Hawkesbury, was returning home from Windsor in a boat, sailing it, with his two daughters, the eldest of whom was a girl of eighteen, when they were caught in a squall at Pitt Reach. The boat was upset and all three occupants were drowned. When found the bodies of the father and the youngest daughter were clasped in each other's arms. A bush fire between Windermere and Smythesdale, Victoria, destroyed £10,000 worth of property. Mr. Thomas Johnston, 'ecidsd to abolishl the trartors in Deniliquin, has his establishment. system of eight hos' labour .such to reduce the In doing so his object is not so rmnce of work rate of wages, as to secure the pern oOe under the more epeditiously thsan can e , pre'cnt system. t s o 1 J aur om The Ensig helieso that Bena n bioast of having the oldest horse in the colony This etd veteran isthe property of Mr. Little, and in days gone hy has eonbe done the trip from eilalla to Melbourne (a distance of 2t3 miles) in a day .nd half. Even asits prlet round ager, 31 years, it ill trot its eight miles awithin the hour. A young man named Baylis, on getting off a coach at Grenfell, had a sadden fit of coughing, and died immediately. Over 1200 tons of sugar has been made in the Clarence district this season. I0OU.tADlD AT ConcOaih, on 12th January, from Mathurot ruad, from graLss paddock sum dueat date of nSotice set after each animal:-ed hull, white spot near ribs, white stripe on top of rump and down ne.a flank, off flank white, small star, par1 of tail white, ,bout 16 months--6/.?-Also on 15th Janu ary, from the cultivation paddock of Thos. Flood jun.. Drumolone:Broawn mare, star and snip or few whits haiz on nose, o over a off neck. matted mane, like ringworms on neck and body, dock tail, has hed sor bnack, broken, 6 yearses, about 1 hands -9/9. To be so.d 3rd Febrsary. sIIo?-?.?vD .v Cossit, on 5th January, from Creek Dale, Cooma Creek ; sum due at date of notice, 19i :--Chestnut mare, star, silver mane and tail, ? near shoulder, pnlled tail, 5 years, 1lt hands. To he sold 27th Janoory. I.irorssnzro a CooTcetnoS, on 17th January, from Cootamundrt; sum due at date of notice set after each animal :--Bay horse, near neck, like L over "W writing caital neanr shoalder, saddle marked. blaze in face, 6 years, 15 hands, 4.0; brown horse. MD near shoulder, N off shoulder, saddle-marked, aged, 14 hands, 3,i; igry mere, brokeni-in, i over i sideways writing capital near shoulder, it over y sideways writing capital near rump, aged, 142 hands, 3/6. To be cold on 10th February. IscrPOUnarDED AT QrCUeAorr-, on l1th January, from Mill Flat; sum due at date of notice set after each animal:-Black or brown mare, K near shoulder, like C near neck, star in ferhiesd, top of near ear off, polled t?il, broken, aged, 135 hands, 10,!/9.--Ao, on 1ath Tanuary, from Hope Lawn: \--Spotted bull calf, unbrauded, 6 months, 7j2. To be sold on 3rd February. Dew or -sa .SLrs.--Tie very name of this cele brated Swiss tonic is appetizing, aid its beneficial effects as a restorative and invigorant. an antidote to miasma, a remedy for general weakness and nervousness, a means of averting the diseases intio dent to hot climates, and a specific for dyspepsia. are beyond all question. These are goad reasons wlhy we should congratulate our readers on this in trodoction of the oldest, the most famous, and cer tainly the most palatable of all European cordials, into this far-away corner of the globe. The only agents of the proprietor in Australia are Messrs. M. MIoss and Co., and to that enterprising firm we owe its importation into Anstralia. It is already a favourite with every class and calling among us, and may he regarded honceforw;ard as a staple article.- LAvrV. 