News and Notes. / The Fakir of Oolu opened to a i crowded house at St. George's Hall > on Saturday, evening last, his won- V .derful illusions and beautiful en- i trancement scene eliciting the warm- ) est enthusiasm. ) Mr W. B. Furlong notifies that ( he has removed his music studio to ) those handsome premises situate near k Russell-street in Latiobe-street, where f there is a large hall . and every con- ) venience for students of the vocal k art.. ( American Waltham Watches J were awarded the Only Two First k Prizes at the Melbourne International f Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher J awards than any. other Exhibitor of k Watches received. r We have received from Mr P. G. ) Dixon samples of sodawater made \ from water specially brought from C Mount Macedcn. The sodawater is ) excellent, and is of course free from S that nauseating taste so clearly dis- f cernable in sodawater or other cordials ) made from the filthy Yau Tean. We \ have also received from Mr Dixon a ( sample of the Mount Macedon water, J which it is quite a treat to drink, af ter k having for some time to put up with r the beastly stuff supplied by the J Public "Works Department. k Matrimony. — Never were such ( great advantages held out to young / people te marry as the present. A \ comfortable house may be furnished ( for you, with every requisite to make / home happy, by simply calling upon \ Mr Henry Marks, ef 186 Elizabeth f street, who will arrange with you ? to pay him say five shillings per week \ out of your earnings, and he will give f you in return whatever furniture you ) require to build up a home Why S delay ? Go and see Mr H, Marks aid I get married at once. ) Gem Portraits. — The young lady J who, while out sketching near Lome, k was burned to death by a bushfire.has r since been identified through a gem J port-rait being found amongst the k remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- r prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- 1 street east, opposite Age Office, has C since recognised the portrait as one ? that was taken at his studio about a » month ago. / Attention is directed to the pros- ) pectus of Bridges' art-union, 'published,. \ elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis- ( tribution of prizes, from £1000 down J to £20 in value. Speculators cannot \ do better than invest in this legitimate r affair. J We have much pleasure in directing k the the attention of our readers to. an / advertisement in another column, set- 1 ting forth the merits of Steel's Chronic k Cough Lozenges, infallible in their / effect. We advise our readers to try l a box of them. ( White Lie. — a Frenchman politely / defined a white lie to he " valking S round about de troot," I 