News end Notes. Elsewhere we publish particulars of tlio Shilling Art Union. 100 higli-class paintings arc to be disposed of by art uniun, valued at £2,185.. Prospectuses, with full particulars of the prizes, can be obtained at the fine art gallery; 87 ' Collins-street, where nlso tlio pic tures are on view, A1 together there is a well- assorted collection, both in landscape nnd sub ject pieces. IVe arc glad to ioarn that the tickets-are- going oil very rapidly, and wish, tho affair every success. Two Gold Medals awarded American Wai.tham Watches ; the only medals awarded to Exliibit- : ors of Watches Melbourne Interna tional Exhibition, 1880. All genuine Waltham Watches have the trade mark, "Waltham, Mass.," engraved on thei plate of the watches. The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, opposite" Waxworks, , We notice by announcement else where that Mr E. Davis, who has so Bucceesfully managed Muskett's book and stationery business for the past 'six years, has now taken the same in to bis own) hands. He ha3 opened up a splendid stock of fancy goods, kc., 'mutable for presents. He has also an assortment of over 20,000 of French's acting editious of Plays, Opera House tickets- (D.C. excepted) can also be obtained at this house. Matrimony. — Never were Buch great advantages held out to young people te many as the present, A comfortable house may be furnished for you,- with every requisite to make Home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry- Marks, ef 186 Elizabeth Rtreet, who will arrange with yo.-. to pay him- say five shillings per wi jk , out of your- earnings, and ha will give you in return whatever furniture you 1 require to build up a home Vrv- i delay 1 Ge and see Mr H, Marks and get married at once. - 1 Gem Portraits.— The young lady i who, while "out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has 1 since been identified through a gem i portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsteu, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collin s- , street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the portn.it as one ' that was taken at his studio about a month ago. 