Varieties. I heard a Boniface, who keeps a comfortable hotel not n hundred miles down the Bay, toll a good yarn the other evening. A young fellow who had come into some property, and fancied himself n bit, took up his quarters at the hotel, for tho purpose of having a pop at the rabbits, which were pretty plentiful in the neighbor hood. On his arrival ho told the waiter to bring him a pint bottle of " gold top." "I am afraid we are out of gold top" said the waiter, but wo have some Moot, silver-top, capital wine, sir." "My good fellow," said the bloated capitalist, "I never drink silver-top; if you have nothing better than that, I cannot re main here." "I will ncqnaint the landlord, sir," said the waiter, " and see if ho has any left." Now mine host, who had taken stook of his customer, was equal to the occasion. He had a good stock of vigorino in the house, so, washing oil the label, in went the waiter with a bottle of gold-top, and informed the gent that his master had found a case. Tho next few minutes was an anxious time for that landlord, but his mind was made easy when his customer strolled into the bar and expressed himself delighted with the " Fizz.1 " Look here, old fellow," he said, " Don't you part with i any of that gold-top, I can polish oil the case before I leave." " Ho remainod a week," said i Boniface, " and when he paid his bill, which Inoludod twenty-four bottles of gold-top, at six i shillings a bottle, he paid me tho compliment of saying that he never drank better gold-top I in his life, for it did not give him the head ache." I The attention of our lady readers is airecieo. to an auauuucemeac iu our advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode rate rates .at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, which are on sale at the same depot. i Gem Portraits.— The young lady j who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire.has » since been identified through a gem I portrait being found amongst the . remnants. .Mr Edelsten, the pro- prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- I street east, opposite Age Office, has . since recognised the portrait as one " that was taken at his studio about a i month ago. 